The U.S. will fight side-by-side with the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF) in confronting any existential threat to Israel. This is assured, as per discussions earlier. Any U.S. President would risk immediate impeachment for hesitating or failing to do so. The lethal capacities of the U.S. military and the IDF, and their determination to fight to the death are not in doubt. The issue at stake here is that in today’s world a small isolated nation cannot necessarily survive an assault by modern weapons of mass destruction. For Israel survival will mean much more than destroying the obvious military capacities her adversaries. To fight and reside in place it would require perfect homeland defense of her non-combatant civilian populace, which is unrealistic. Planning for a back-door evacuation alternative, at least for some, is therefore a rational and responsible endeavor.
The stamp is called Bluebird's Proposal (Simply Gorjuss by Santoro). I have coloured the whole central image on Make It Colour Blending Card, then cut a piece of blending card the size that fit my card, and coloured only the left and right parts, I left the middle part (hidden) blank. I used a Fiskars punch and just a few gems.
So sorry for the delay in announcing our winner. We've been away at conferences the last few weeks.
Before we get to our Would You Read It pitch for today, we have a couple little items of business.
KiwiRail is seeking expressions of interest for the sale of Dunedin’s Hillside Workshops. The business will be advertised for sale as a going concern from early May, 2012 with a final decision due by the end of August, 2012. KiwiRail chief executive Jim Quinn said the decision was made after analysing the financial impact of the reduction in construction and refurbishment forward work orders for Hillside Workshops.
I took a photo of our concrete Meercats in the garden but then remembered Vanessa's cat Gordon. He comes to stay for short breaks. He's such a lovely poser!
He’s soaked, & might seem shaken/
I'm thinking, if you see me frown,
Something that’s been on my mind all day,
Fukuhara Miho – 02 ft. AI (How many times have I mentioned this song this year lol. I honestly love it. Some great soul singing…with a modern twist. Plus you really can’t go wrong when AI is featured on a song. It’s basically guaranteed to be amazing.)
The daddy frog was called a bull frog
There were a few more airport scenarios I won't even go into...suffice to say...my dearly beloved is not going with me when I go to Italy!
Long-time readers will recall that, in a 2007 plebiscite, despite overcrowding and hundreds of prisoners housed in contract facilities as far away as Louisiana, Harris County voters rejected the issuance of debt for new jail construction. Writers like Grits and the Texas Public Policy Foundation's Marc Levin argued that policy changes by elected officials - particularly the District Attorney and judges - could resolve the problem a) without expensive new jail construction and b) without crime increasing, and it turned out that's exactly what's happened. Reports the Houston Chronicle's Mike Morris this morning ("Thanks to less crowding, overflow inmates staying in Harris"):
We were that family that arrived at the gates at 7 am, lined up so we would be right up from when the gates to the park opened at 9 (oh yes, we waited in line for two hours). Then I ran to That-Year's-Big-Ride to get fast pass tickets, while the rest of the family ran That-Year's-Second-Biggest-Ride to get in line. After collecting fast passes, I ran to meet up with them, which often times included fighting to cut people in line. (This was the curse of being the oldest child in my family, er, well one of them. Having to help put up the Christmas tree was another).
A poll conducted for the Canadian Medical Association found that
Why would I recommend this book: Because it teaches you to bite on your teeth through the hard times, to always accept all help that is offered to you and that you are very stronger than you ever thought!
Media play a huge role in politics nowadays, that’s why some famous journalists as John Pliger even consider it as “invisible government”. Journalists today have to keep in mind their great responsibility for the information they provide, because it may cause a tremendous dramatic consequences as wars and deaths of many people.
Wigan from out of nowhere
Join me next time,won’t you?
Again, I’m pretty impressed with how well it was done, especially compared to most other adaptations of books I like. And I may come closer to thinking it is awesome when I see it a second time. However, it certainly isn’t perfect and it is a disservice to the excellent source material to pretend it is.
Maybe that’s why O’Hara goes through the trouble of assigning so many labels in his poem, each label increasingly unsure of itself? “I am not a painter. I am a poet,” he says. Then at the end, he reminds us again, “I am a real poet.” The truth of the matter is, as demonstrated in his poem as well as Garrell’s show, it doesn’t really matter whether or not O’Hara is a painter or poet or even an artist – what he produces makes him what he is, and that production, difficult to tie down, is what matters, what moves us, what constantly changes in front of our eyes.
Wait … what?
5. Strict Limitations on Annuities
6) Yes, the buses here can be crowded at certain times of day. But I have never been on one as crowded as some of the green-line trains I had to ride in Boston, smashed against a wall out of reach of any handhold, praying I wouldn’t be crushed at every sharp turn in the tracks, and sometimes missing my stop and having to catch a second train going back, because I was trapped and unable to reach the door in time. Here… I’ve passed up a lot of buses that were too crowded. I’m willing to stand in the aisle, but I prefer not to be snuggled into strangers’ armpits. One of my first crowded-bus experiences in Lima was getting onto a bus, getting the last seat, and then having ten or fifteen people get on at the next two stops. I found myself sitting with my face inches from some random guy’s crotch, and it smelled like something had died in his pants. So the buses here are not rainbows and unicorns and magic or anything, but… if the bus is too crowded, you can always pass it up and see if the next bus is less crowded. That is the wonderful thing: there is ALWAYS another bus! My long conditioning in Boston– where it was not uncommon to stand in a pile of slush, on a 20-degree day in a brisk wind waiting forty-five interminable minutes for a bus– has made me immune to bus waits here. Often there’s another bus to the same destination in under a minute. My husband and I have stood at bus stops for a whopping five minutes, letting three or four buses go by because they were too crowded. Eventually, there will be a bus we are willing to board.
It eludes me. It hates me.
I've also been mixing coconut flour up with lakanto and eating it a lot.
If I EVER ALLOW YOU TO PUMP GAS, WOULD YOU LIKE A RECEIPT?
Don't ever close the bathroom door, unless you are actually using the bathroom. Sweets doesn't like having her litter box access cut off.
2. Apocalypse Now
8- São Luiz Space Observatory Cruzeiro Santa Bárbara, Sao Luis-MA, Brasil
Morleyna's secret gift of Sight reveals a cruel betrayal that sends Evan on a mystical journey where he discovers his only chance for redemption rests in the hands of his captive. Her brothers will arrive to claim their sapphire-eyed sister. Will her kinsmen, bent on revenge, destroy Evan and his comrades? Or will destruction come from Morleyna, who may be the reincarnation of someone whose beauty captivated a nation?"
Not that its a bad thing. This is an app for beginners and its likely you’ll delete it when you’ve finished your 12 weeks. From there on you’re on your own (so to speak). But for less than the price of a pint its a perfect introduction to running.
in search of tender shoots.
Kevin, technically the technical producer of the show, was born in Wood River, but his dad’s work with the Corp. of Engineers took the family to Hannibal, Mo., when he was a kid. Kevin has been back in the River Bend since 1985, and said that the family always took a road trip here around the holidays.
One other issue... after I get these five or six science classes out of the way that I need, I will have to apply to several schools and see whether or not I get in. BUT.... There's no DVM program in Arkansas. I either have to go to Oklahoma State, Mississippi State, Louisiana State, Missouri State, or Texas A&M. Those are my closest options. I'll be moving away for a few years. It would be a big change, but I'm sure that I could make it work!
*I have a great home. Really thankful for the location and place itself.
½ tsp. kosher salt
SAN ANTONIO, Texas– On January 27, 2012, from 8:00 AM to 5 PM, Money Concepts International, wealth management and financial planning corporation, will be hosting the first “Women in Financial Services” conference at the St. Anthony’s Hotel, in San Antonio, Texas. With only 20% of the financial advisors of the female gender, Money Concepts International is hosting this conference as an effort to increase the numbers of female financial advisors, in order to promote equal opportunity and diversity in the financial services industry. Ruben Ruiz, Regional Director of Money Concepts Financial Planning Centers in San Marcos and San Antonio, Texas, will be available for one-on-one interviews and photo opportunities.
Part of this obscure duty has also become this blog. Again, it is not for recognition. I couldn’t care less if I ever get “Freshly Pressed!” When I started putting my devotionals online, it wasn’t so hundreds of people would read it. (Good thing…because that hasn’t happened!) I just thought that, first, it’s a place to keep my devotions, and, second, perhaps someone else could benefit from my meandering. I believe that HAS happened, and I thank God for it. Anyway, the point is I have to be content with what God has me doing. I welcome the rare moments of inspiration, but I can function without them. I can do my duty without them. That is where he wants us.
During the first week of Todd’s absence, everything went fine….nothing broke. We enjoyed a wonderful day at the beach on Saturday with several families from our neighborhood and school. The next morning when we got up to leave for church, one of my tires was completely flat. Our neighbor came and changed that. Before Monday, my watch and one earring broke, the other front tire went flat, and several other things broke and went wrong. It was almost as if trouble just all waited until that second week to break loose. A different neighbor pumped that tire up since I did not have another spare.
for you are great and glorious, wonderful in strength, invincible.
Of the great cities
Lutein may also help to prevent the development of colon cancer, according to a study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition in 2000. This study examined the risk of colon cancer and dietary intake of lutein and other carotenoids such as alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, lycopene, zeaxanthin, and beta-cryptoxanthin.
I was only trying to help *** you know?
Hamilton police continue an investigation of the accident, which has already led to a careless driving charge against an unnamed 55-year-old Dundas man. A coroner's investigation also continues.
‘I don’t understand,’ I said. ‘I’ve never heard of this before.’
To the far-off sea and the unseen winds, and the sane impalpable air;
“I’m sorry, baby. We’ll train her to wait for us to get up.”
Tasmania is very fortunate in that they have mostly hydro-electric generation because of their high amounts of snow and rainfall. They also have wind generators (located in the roaring forties) but that is only a small amount of total power generated.
*You can also use plums, peaches, nectarines or apricots or a combination, in which case wash the fruit, remove stones if possible and arrange cut side down in the pastry case. Apples and pears should be peeled, cored and cut into thick wedges, which look nice arranged in overlapping circles. Gooseberries should be top and tailed and washed so take a bit longer to prepare. You could sprinkle a few sliced almonds on top before baking, or add a little cinnamon to the mixture. Anything seems to work with this recipe so use your imagination !
Using a piping bag, pipe meringue mixture onto parchment lined baking sheets. Sprinkle chopped pistachio over meringue and put in oven at 175F for 40 to 45 minutes.
Happy Writing & Happy Reading!
securely mounted to an antique Beehive Bobbin.
These are all wonderful challenges so be sure to stop by and play along with them.
snakes stretch beyond their skins in the sun.
I had a lucky escape the other night. The lady lived in Portabello and was a bit vague as to exactly where she lived. Lenox st. No cross the bridge to Rathmines rd. Into Grove Park, out on to the canal again, turn right then cross the road again.
( which are with about a foot distance between each other )paralel to the house, and attached them all the way at the end of the house to a tree.
"Ye think that I've had a wee drop to drink do ye?"
Since I have had kids, I have been a "loose routine" sort of mom. We sleep when we are tired and eat when we are hungry, but have had a loose routine based on time-oriented things that are a part of our lives. When I was managing apartments, there was certain work that had to be done on certain days. I had to be up and dressed, ready to be in the office by a reasonable time in the morning. Loose weekly routines have revolved around dance or yoga classes, library story times and home school play days.
As usual, to be in with chance of winning our fab weekly candy all you need to do is be a follower of the blog and leave a comment on this blog post. We would appreciate if you could pop a piccie of our candy on your sidebar but you don't have to so you can enter even if you don't have a blog!
What he didn't know is that I knew who to contact for support. Being able to handle a challenge to a book effectively is being prepared. It is all about being active in your professional associations. I had been a member of the American Library Association and the youth divisions - American Association of School Librarians http://www.ala.org/ , Association of Library Services to Children www.ala.org/alsc and the Young Adult Library Association www.ala.org/yalsa since the 1980s so I knew to contact the Office of Intellectual Freedom http://www.ala.org/ala/aboutala/offices/oif/index.cfm Since Forever had been on the list of challenged books many times and Judy Blume is one of the most challenged authors of the 21st Century http://www.ala.org/ala/issuesadvocacy/banned/frequentlychallenged/challengedauthors/index.cfm
“Sometimes, when I’m stressed out, I like to punch sharks” - Travis on Cougar Town
He who was seated on the throne said, "I am making everything new!" Then he said, "Write this down, for these words are trustworthy and true."
This past week we have been learning about Remembrance Day in Britain and why the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month is so important.
These events are not infrequent. I personally know pastors who have received death threats for their stances on various policies advanced by the gay agenda. As blogger Wintery Knight chronicles, such persecution is widespread and goes far beyond mere vandalism. Whether it is a public harangue against Christian students at a journalism conference or students keeping a speaker from talking at a public university, Christians have become a major target of homosexual activists.
Imagine if women truly believed they were useless? Imagine if a lack of soda pop really made you feel ostracized as a teenager? Imagine if you started smoking cigarettes to make you feel fit and healthy and cool?
By Matt Ascone, Staff Writer Twitter: @asconem
And finally, right now I'm reading (and almost finished with) CINDER by Marissa Meyer, the first in the Lunar Chronicles, which just released last week! Marissa Meyer is a debut author published by my same publishing house (Macmillan Children's) and boy is she in for a wild ride. Not only is CINDER a fantastic, fantastic book that is so imaginative, vivid, thrilling, romantic, exciting, and super engaging, the book is getting tremendous buzz. It seems like everywhere I look I'm hearing about this book. I think Marissa is poised to be the next big thing in teen fiction. She's created a world as vast and creative as the Harry Potter and Hunger Games and I was immediately sucked right in. CINDER is a crazy retelling of the famous fairytale CINDERELLA, except Cinder is a cyborg (part human, part machine) who is living in a far future world (after World War IV) where cyborgs are second class citizens, androids do all of our dirty work, and there is a powerful nation of Lunar people (who live on the colonized moon) ready and waiting to take over planet earth. Oh, and the prince is super dreamy too!
Dry, or self-contained, camping means living in your RV without the benefit of being connected to a campground’s electric, water and sewer facilities. Here are a few tips to make dry-camping at rallies a little easier.
There is no evident empirical correlation between CO2 levels and temperature, In all cases CO2 changes follow temperature changes not vice versa.It has always been clear that the sun is the main climate driver. One new paper " Empirical Evidence for a Celestial origin of the Climate Oscillations and its implications "by Scafetta from Duke University casts new light on this. http://www.fel.duke.edu/~scafetta/pdf/scafetta-JSTP2.pdf Humidity, and natural CO2 levels are solar feedback effects not prime drivers. Recent experiments at CERN have shown the possible powerful influence of cosmic rays on clouds and climate.
1) Long Openings
We went down into the citadel and ran all over, collecting discover experience, killing named mobs (for no AA most of the time… hrmph), and generally doing what good adventurers do… messing up the homes of others.
Automakers and suppliers discussed alternatives to PA-12 on Tuesday during their closed-door sessions in Troy, Michigan.
Benicio Jose, your arrival literally rocked our world. You are our miracle, our dream come true, our hearts' desire, the answer to prayer, and our beloved son. Your smiles have healed our hearts in ways nothing else ever could have. We are so blessed to have you in our family. Happy 4th Birthday, my beautiful miracle son. I love you more than words could ever say.
As a fan of political hip-hop, I've had to deal with my favorite rappers saying obviously over-simplified things. For instance, the idea that "Israelis got tanks and Palestinians got rocks," seems to encapsulate the conflict for Talib Kweli.
However, it was the discovery of a cache of ancient Gnostic scriptures at Nag Hammadi in the Egyptian desert in 1945 that really set off the modern phase of the Gnostic revival. Although their translation into English was not complete until the late 1970s, early access to some of the writings inspired the great psychologist Carl Jung to draw parallels between the ancient Gnostics and modern depth psychology. The publication in 1977 of the Nag Hammadi Librarytranslations, followed in 1978 by religious scholar Elaine Pagels’ best-selling exposition, The Gnostic Gospels, guaranteed that Gnosticism would not go away anytime soon. But before we take a further look at the burgeoning phenomenon of modern Gnosticism, a review of the ancient Gnostic teachings is in order.
So now I’m telling you!
“We set tight limits on ourselves – only posts from Tahrir itself, and only those in English. The timescale was compressed too. Just eighteen days, so in a sense the narrative thread was already there.
People started coming up to the altar, introducing themselves, and saying that we would be welcome in their home. At first a trickle, and then almost everyone there that day stood up at the altar. Mind blowing.
Though I had missed the opportunity that time, another opportunity presented itself in less than a year’s time. This time back home in India on the famed Indian Railways. Only hitch was the girl in question still had a decade and a half to catch up with the other two girls. Anyways I did not want to concern myself with these temporal technicalities. She would definitely be pretty young lass for whose attention all young men would vie for in another 15-18 years time. There is nothing like being too early, is there? This little Indian Angel was much more talkative than the two European angels. She spoke up to me, “I like to eat groundnuts, green peas and cashew nuts. What do you like to eat?”
Each piece was bigger than Josh’s biggest digit. Lightly breaded, and perfectly seasoned, the calamari was far from tough and rubbery squid rings. The chef had obviously soaked the steaks in butter milk – the acid breaking down the tougher protein and cutting the fishy aroma. We were blown away, to say the least, and graciously satisfied by his odd recommendation. We chowed down and restfully contemplated the day’s plans.
Vowing never to be broken
Part of this is surely a difference of length, but that doesn’t account for everything. Yes, Tolkien laments the passing of the “Age of Heroes,” and he’s quite negative about the industrial age of his own time. Still, in his books the wizards and elves recognize that their time is passing. They save Middle Earth not for themselves, but for Men, who will go into the future alone. Yeskov’s vision is less complicated, less ambiguous. There are the good guys, and there are the bad guys. The bad guys win, but then they don’t. Yea for the good guys! It’s not really that simple, but it’s not that far from it.
My brothers’ and my childhoods’ autumn weekends were spent picking sacks of pecans at our grandparent’s farm near Arnaudville. Most of those pecans were to be sold, but some were kept to be put away for the upcoming year’s pralines, fudge, pecan pies and cakes.
Hang in there.
December 4, 2011 Sunday
Have you ever wondered why Henry Kissinger doesn’t look like he has aged much? Take a look at a photo of him in the 1960s and compare it to one now, it looks like he has only aged maybe 10 years. Each time he transfers bis soul into another clone — or clone to clone since his orginal died — the new clone is aged a bit because it would raise too many red flags if he appeared the same age over several decades. But as I have stated before, the more you clone a clone, things break down, such as incredible weight gain.
The European Union delayed a decision on granting Serbia the status of EU membership candidate in December, citing concerns over its fraught relations with Kosovo.
‘‘He (McCartney) got in first from a publicity point of view,’’ says Damian Smyth. ‘‘He was very cute to the media, very shrewd. He knew how they worked. I think John said that Paul was the best in the business when it came to PR, and McCartney probably thought, what with his first solo album coming up and everything, that he could kill two birds here.’’
Standard YouTube License
Never let me have children.
Anyway, I am watching “Pulse,” which is playing late afternoons in the Surgeon’s Hall, and this scrappy and ultimately rather boring play has been hatched from a nest of yahs. Even if the actors all spoke in Lancashire accents, I doubt that I would find this play a masterpiece, but I would probably be more sympathetic towards it. I would make a kind remark about a handsome actor, or tap my feet to the music. With these yahs, however, I sit quaking with hatred.
I think I would die if I could not sing.
We get more rules and regulations all the time. It is all designed to be "good" for us. Perhaps it is but it also seems expensive. It is why we have to hand out $275 million to Holden (and another $60m to surrounding components plants).
But let us turn with relief from the ridiculous to the sublime. I am very keen on books about crime, especially Italian ones. Italian crime has a sophistication and ingenuity all its own, and so does Leonardo Sciascia. His books are so good that she who governs my every step studied them at University.
Short Fiction:
Mildred sits down with Bert and talks about how amazing Veda is while he enjoys a meal at the restaurant. She also asks if she can borrow Bert’s parents’ piano until she can afford a grand piano of her own. A grand? Aren’t those pretty huge? Where’s she going to put it?
Don’t act like you have time
(An interesting red streak during exposure - would not have been so cool if it was over a bride's face as she walked down the aisle.)
They engaged Owen Morris to produce The Stagger Rats debut album ‘Scorpio Leisure’. Morris has previously produced albums for international artists such as Oasis, Ash, The Verve, The View and Kaiser Chiefs. He had this to say about the band – “The Stagger Rats are the best band I’ve worked with… this band can be superstars, in the best possible way…real, timeless, proper rock n roll…these boys are so well rehearsed it made life easy for me…The Stagger Rats are at the forefront of the new wave of major Scottish bands.”
In Jesus Name I pray, AMEN!
“Ok, sweetheart. I’ll do as much as I can for you before I leave.”
Skillet makes 3-4 servings.
NASA are the elitists of scientists!
The situation in Bahrain is beyond reforms and beyond people’s rights. Its a complete over throw and the worst part of the puzzle is what is really going on? Is the US with us or against us? Are they really our allies or do they just want whatever suits their interests? Is the world media really as blind as they are right now? Or is it a much bigger case that we are clueless about?
Me: Why would it run down the side of your bed?
So foolishly
The memory of things that never happened but did
Cunningham and Bayliss are each in a conspiracy involving 22 kilograms of marijuana, as well as possession with intent to distribute marijuana. If convicted, each of them would face up to five years in federal prison.
My deepest apologies for having neglected this blog for a very long time; university work and uni-induced poetry writer’s block caused the need to take a break. But now I am back with another poem from the past, the next in the chronology of my growth as a writer and as a person.
Compassion for the sinner. Compassion for the unloved. Compassion for the hungry. Compassion for the weak. Compassion for the sick. Compassion for the blind. Compassion plenty...for you and for me.
Why I can’t wait:
#iblamedaylightsavingstime
The Spring Breakers provided some entertainment, too. There was one time when a couple of college guys were in the hot tub with us, each with an open beer. MJ came over to the side of the tub and went into obvious cannonball position. We hurried to stop her. "She's fiiiiine," one of the guys said, clearly thinking such a little tyke couldn't do much damage. Well, she was an expert by then, and she drowned everything: us, guys, beers, nearby belongings. "That's a good cannonball," he pronounced. Indeed.
As Hannah Arendt wrote so movingly, “School is not the world, but it represents the world for the child when he is there.”
Suzy Peters' biography of her uncle Jack is reprinted below...and we thank her for sharing, and offer our condolences to her and her family...
A long, long time ago (in my salad days, when I was green with inexperience), I knew a family whose kids weren't going to school. They didn't do school at home, they just "lived." And they seemed very happy.
Never get on a flyover It will lead you to a never-land where you will encounter Mustafa Kemal who will hug you, and you may never be the same again.
Orbit just premiered the US cover for Red Country, which follows the style of the latest trade paper editions by them seen below. It definitely seems that Orbit is dropping the A from the title so I'm curious if Gollancz will as well. My earlier post reveals a fairly big spoiler for this volume, which is further shown in the cover above for the eagle eyed. Now that I've seen this I'm eager to see what Gollancz has up its sleeve as I've always considered those the definitive editions coverwise.
Written and Illustrated by Lynne Cherry. Ages 4-8.The Amazon Rainforest is oddly silent as a young man with an axe stands in front of the great Kapok tree. As he sets about his job he grows tired, rests under its shade and falls asleep. One at a time, the creatures that depend on the great tree approach the sleeping man and plead with him to spare their home. Although, narrated from the animals’ perspective, each page gives compelling reasons for conservation. Most convincing is the fact that “all living things depend on one another”. Cherry does a wonderful job defining the elements of the rainforest and her message speaks loud and clear. Her colorful drawings with subtle repetition in the text will engage even the youngest audience.5. Just A Dream
Funny how one man’s demands all of a sudden turn into our demands, right? Right.
ejaculated the words, and projected the words inside
George Eliot:
Rapid advance in technology makes it meaningless to buy the latest technology at a high price. When laptop with wireless capability first came to the market, a unit with this technology can cost up till US$2500. Now after 2 years, you can get a relatively fast centrino laptop for less than US$1000.
They are getting really big, and should be laying any day now. We haven't been supplementing with any heat or light, so that may delay the start of laying, but we're ok with that. We want to see which breeds do the best here without supplementation, so we're ok with getting eggs a bit later than we otherwise would.
Secondly, however, Dad was not at all a prude. It was made clear to me that there were certain books I was not yet allowed to read and movies I was not yet allowed to see because I was not yet mature enough to deal with the sexuality or nudity in them, but that when I was old enough to have solidified my moral compass it would be alright for me to encounter them. While the parents of some other strictly brought up Catholic kids I knew would fast forward through certain scenes in movies or black out sections of books, I was kept away from such things entirely until it was judged I was old enough to handle them, and then I'd be allowed to watch (usually with my Dad) or read all the way through.
Uncover and bake another 15 minutes
This world is full of satisfaction guaranteed ads. Some works and some don't.
Celia asked how much he knew when he started out on a novel and the answer was "the beginning, the end and three great scenes," adding that all a good book needed was three to five great scenes and no bad ones!
In 1804, Smith and his partner, Simeon Lynds, discovered and removed an inscribed stone tablet (flagstone) from the pit.
58With all this going for us, my dear, dear friends, stand your ground. And don't hold back. Throw yourselves into the work of the Master, confident that nothing you do for him is a waste of time or effort.
The bodies were discovered by a relative, who visited the house, found the door open and the couple dead inside..
Happy Monday !!!
Another thing, don't over-schedule your days. Carve one thing in stone per day, and other stuff can fall into place as it will. Downtime is important, even for the most enthusiastic travelers. Will the kids take naps? Are there places to go during downtime that don't include locking yourself in the hotel bathroom for five minutes of privacy?
A GATHERING OF ALL THE PEOPLE RESPONSIBLE FOR KILLING BIN LADEN..ACCORDING TO THE NAIROBI NITWIT
This little dog, so dear to me
My last blog post was about Master Mind groups and the principles coined by Napoleon Hill nearly a century ago. Cheri Ruskus’ new book, Victory One Moment at a Time, goes further in applying the Master Mind principles to business success and serves as a wonderful resource for entrepreneurs to tap into their passion and be fueled by inspiration. She gives the Master Mind principles a modern refresh, applying them to the current challenges of entrepreneurship.
1 T. soy sauce
We would like your project to be primarily these colours, although you can use small amounts of other colors, neutrals, etc.
With Björk set to become Best International Newcomer and Best International Female Artist at the 1994 Brit Awards, and with a new single, "Violently Happy", a live video and that long-awaited remix album, due later this year, interest in the ex-Sugarcubes looks, if anything, set to increase. What better time, then, for your trusty 'Record Collector' to dig a little deeper than the average mag to reveal the secret history of the 'newcomer' who has sung on more records, and has been in more bands, than Iceland has proverbial geysers. Worthy as it is, "Debut" is not quite what it purports to be: Björk's real debut, as we shall see, happened a long, long time ago.
That’s why sometimes losing is winning.
cities and it was dedicated not only to the five Cuban antiterrorist
Wheels locked, and screaming bloody murder,
in fact, it is only one reason causes all these
This Friday is Good Friday.
Moon heard Chav Harry bark across the back of his slender body.
Because Simply Solo is a purely educational blog (ha!), I felt the need to share this compelling information about Margarita Dermatitis with you. Together, we can fight this epidemic. Will you please do your part to ensure not another person has to needlessly suffer the terrible effects of eating limes on the beach?
SaketS asked, What is a good answer to the question ‘Where do you see yourself 5 years from now”
W- Erik Bedard (2-4)
He takes off cross country, trying to figure out his situation. Remembering that Borsten mentioned Seattle, Jonah says that he has never been there, but he's heard that it has over two thousand folks in it and if he is truly in Seattle, then he has traveled over a thousand miles overnight. Jonah then stumbles upon three men threatening a blond woman. She manages to fight back but to no avail. Jonah steps in, tossing one of the men and then pulls out his pistol. Then the men allow Jonah & the girl to escape.
In what are you placing your faith? If it is Jesus Christ let it be only Jesus Christ. If it be in your own self-effort then you have no Saviour. If you claim Jesus Christ as your Saviour and still trust any kind of work to please God, Christ is not your Saviour. We read this final statement in Acts 4:12. “Neither is there salvation in any other; for there is none other name under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved.”
On 6 December 2010, Police Minister Mthethwa said in a statement that, “as part of an effort to ensure tighter control of guns in South Africa, the police is rolling out its Integrated Ballistics Identification System (IBIS), which will hold police officers accountable for the guns assigned to them.” Source
The final step in the process is applying the protectant. This is a little runnier than the paint, and goes on clear, but provides the long-lasting protection for the cabinets. It takes a full 7 days to cure completely, but dries quickly enough for minor use.
Hey-it just moved a little. It just moved a little more! I see what’s going on here! Little Mr. Worm here thinks he can invade my river, dangle in front of me, and then run away before getting what’s coming to him. HA! Not on my watch!
This, along with a similar construction at the Collège de France, would be Albert-Désiré’s last work. Was he just passing on a lifetime of experience to a very promising talent rather than any of his personal ideas and influences? The building itself, in concrete and brick, certainly owes more to the style of Perret than to his previous constructions. It was a success though and is today a listed building, perhaps principally for the wonderful moulded concrete typography on the facade.
Today I write to you about our sons
I didn't even bother telling my mother, but my brother told it for me: "She was crying over Kurt Cobain like it was someone in our family." My mother proceeded to harangue me over why I was wrong to feel the way I did, until I screamed at her, grabbed my purse, and ran out of the house. My best friend Yemaya O'Reilly, also a hip-hop girl who loved Nirvana, and I got rip-roaring drunk that night, and I slept it off in her little studio apartment above her parents' garage.
INNOVATIVE ALT ROCKERS BILLY BOY ON POISON (ON KIEFER SUTHERLAND AND JUDE COLE’S IRONWORKS MUSIC) ANNOUNCE SXSW SHOWS; THE BAND HAS PLAYED WITH COUNTLESS SUPERSTARS, BEEN APPEARED ON “LATE NIGHT WITH JIMMY FALLON,” AND HAS LICENSED MUSIC ON MANY TV AND FILM PROJECTS, ETC.
Another great thing about living alone is that you must take responsibility for everything. This means that you must make sure that all bills are paid on time and that the dish is complete and the floor will be vacuumed. Many people simply can not do this unless there is someone there to tell them to do so. If you are the type who needs to be told to go to work then it is probably not a good idea to live alone. You'll almost certainly find that you will forget to pay the bills is important and it will lead to all sorts of problems.
Used the template that was helped for a project on TCC..... which I had ready since then....
Strange stars amid the gloam.
Can you believe all these comics come from the same series? Amazing, isn't it? And consider this: if this feature ran daily for six or seven years, there would have been well over one thousand of these. Incredible. More to come!
That is my confession.
Televisions are the basic necessity of life and the gadgets which are constantly in use have to be loaded with all the required functions and usefulness. It has all started with Tony Baird’s invention of a television, way back in 1900 century. The revolution was born. With time it has been nourished and cared for to give way to various innovations.
I had a minor panic attack that the boys wouldn't be able to survive in a Colombian prison. This isn't the first time i have had this particular worry. I don't know why they would be in a Colombian prison. Apparently I have the odd neuroses.
Stir the sugar, flour, baking soda, and salt together in a mixing bowl. Set aside.
– Bonnie
Never once did we ever walk alone
I've used some of the Sweet Christmas Magnolia stamps on this coloured with of course Copic pens.
You can optionally fill in a Comment for this key pair… I personally am really bad about filling out the comments field with anything meaningful and usually just leave it blank.
You have until Wednesday 4th Janaury 7:30pm GMT London Time to add your creation to our linky system!
This is a show with layers, easily obscured by those nearer to the surface, for their luminescence. One comes away with the feeling that the writers actually care about their dialogue - to the extent that they might just be aware that they're creating poetry with every script. The visuals match and the humour sticks.
4. What is your least favorite household cleaning chore? Cleaning the bathroom
The machines began operation in several markets last summer, but ran into mechanical problems almost immediately. Both Wal-mart and Wegmans pulled out of agreements to host the machines, citing "mechanical concerns" and too many customer complaints.
Related post:
My headaches and IBS have returned.
Scary HUH?
Isn't it wonderful how all the colours go together, just like all the flowers in a garden.
For just a few seconds,
Simon Sinek says that great leaders share the “Why” so that everyone knows the direction and are inspired to change. Watch his TED talk here
A man on business travel stops to video chat with his wife, saying he’ll be home early for Valentine’s Day. Before they can celebrate, she goes to answer the door and is chased inside by a masked man
Looking forward to seeing what they say, and reading your thoughts as well!
Morisette says the effigy would be out of bounds at any other time of year, but it's within the spirit of Halloween.
it is all about the food :)
Please join us as we celebrate Catholic Schools. The annual Night of Hope fundraising event to benefit our students will be held at the Sheraton Phoenix Downtown beginning at 6pm. This year’s Guardian of Hope Awards will be presented to Mr. Owen Cotton, Philanthropist; Sr. Raphael Quinn, IBVM, Catholic Educator; and Mr. Kelly McKone, Alumnus. Learn more and register at http://www.catholicschoolsphx.com/noh.php or contact Margaret Hardy 602-354-2344 or mhardy@diocesephoenix.org.
One, to save money. Art supply companies often charge premium prices in what is, after all, a niche market. Understandable. But if one is willing to do a little work oneself, a noticeable amount of money can be saved for our hero, the starving artist. Remember the recession?
‘Zactly. Put that in your juicer (is a link to the Gracie Academy’s juicer off-putting-brand-placement, a la Wayne’s World?) and drink it.
What really caused the most tension in the house was that I was zipping through my word count. My words were piling up at a ridiculous rate that was completely unexpected. The problem with this was that it frustrated the girls. Even though the younger two weren't trying to accumulate the same number of words, even though I was an adult with an English degree, even though it wasn't a competition, the girls were seriously annoyed every time I mentioned my word count. We were trying something new together and it turned out I was doing great and they were feeling bad. I was trying to make sure that I was not ignoring them because I was writing, I was making sure their needs for food and attention and interaction were being met. I was determined not to let my writing become a higher priority than my family. However, I wasn't sure what to do about their feelings. I was finally writing, finally doing something I had wanted to do my entire adult life, and I was totally rocking it. But if it was really bothering my children should I keep writing?
In addition, the new guidelines allow moderate alcohol consumption when off duty, but prohibit alcohol consumption within 10 hours of reporting for duty or at any time when at the hotel where the protected official is staying, the officials explained.
We think they are cucumber plants. There was broccoli and Brussels sprouts in the compost pile too. but hubby thinks they are cucumbers.
any one have any opinions on this mater?? Darin and I are complete opposite on this one.
AWP: How did you get your foot in the door at the beginning of your career?
When the movie was released, Ms. James had kind words for Ms. Knowles’s portrayal. But in February 2009, referring specifically to the Washington performance, she told an audience, “I can’t stand Beyoncé,” and threatened to “whip” the younger singer for singing “At Last.” She later said she had been joking, but she did add that she wished she had been invited to sing the song herself for the new president.
This my friends is why we never seem to get anything accomplished in a timely manner.
“Never turn your back on family, even when they hurt you. Never let life get the better of you. And if you remember nothing else, remember to find time to eat together as a family. Even when times are rough; especially when times are rough. There’s no lack of painful things in this world, but hunger and loneliness must surely be two of the worst. Thanks to you, my precious family, I didn’t know a moment of either of those the last ninety years.”
You’ve just annihilated every living thing in that little blue planet that orbits the sun, turned oceans into deserts and the countryside into black ash. You’ve earned your red martian ale… Enjoy!
Pierce artfully explains the demagoguery that is today’s political surround sound, and why it is do difficult for Obama to effectively communicate with many Americans, when he states:
Click and drag over the square and make a text field that covers almost all of it. Press Esc to exit the text field.
@Jay29ers / @marceltipool
If only I could tan like those Hawaiian Tropic models!
The AIR research team interviewed Title III and assessment directors in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, conducted a nationally representative survey of more than 1,500 school districts receiving Title III funds, and used data collected in case studies of 12 Title III districts in five states.
So what did I read this week. I finished reading The Night Circus which I adored. I thought the book was quite enchanting and took me away to another world. A world full of magic and charm.
Two days ago (April 29th) was the Japanese holiday 「昭和の日」 (“Showa Day”). It was a Sunday so the holiday was “observed” yesterday (April 30th).
145 EURO for 5 nights / person
The overwhelming message was depressingly familiar -- basically, that the history of religion is really the history of women (incarnation of the divine life-force, earthly channels of the sacred, mistresses of mystery and wisdom) being squeezed out and written out of the picture by jealous men. It didn't exactly raise great hopes for the series, especially as Hughes seemed happy to play fast-and-loose with the (few available) facts.
My verbal interaction to other people, when not dealing with circumstancial aspects (when what makes sense to be said is rather arbitrary), is oriented to a (sometimes peripatetic (“walking around”)) exposition of some topic I would like to give my point of view about and would like to listen other people’s.
On "The Specter of Genius", two Berlin-based players whose influences encompass Punk Rock and Heavy Metal as well as Free Improv and contemporary notated music offer their variations on the theme of guitar/drum-units like the famous Derek Bailey/Steve Noble "Out of the Past" album. Recorded about a decade after the Bailey-Noble meeting, the improvisations by self-taught guitarist Olaf Rupp and drummer Michael Wertmüller, who studied music intensively in Berne and Amsterdam, differ from the other CD due to the drummer’s larger kit and Rupp’s use of both acoustic and electric guitars.
1) Is Easy to use!
Grate the paneer and add to the milk and simmer for 10 mins. Add sugar and continue to boil for couple more minutes.
in the town, as well as some seemingly weird behaviour. James Little, the old Gas-Meter Emptier, digs his allotment by moonlight, and every year Judah Jones the Window Cleaner collects the silver leaves that fall from the trees in the park and disappears with them off into the church. While this makes them seem odd, even weird characters, both turn out to have very good reasons. How do you feel about your characters as you write?
-I also had fun playing with Heather's son Milo. We were playing Battleship, kind of, except we were using an intricate set of rules that he made up, involving lava, lasers, and "jetpack guys". I have no idea how he kept up with all the rules. They were obviously made up on the fly (and designed, naturally, so that I couldn't win), but they were really clever. He was also way better than me at remembering whose turn it was.
1 thorburn
Life's a little different unscripted.
If only she would appreciate the sincerity of the people who love her, she would then stop being afraid…
Magazines, especially the interior and home style kind are doing it tough these days. I get it and like many others, because of the ease of our laptops and ipads, I am not as loyal to my subscriptions as I once was. Vivre Côté Paris and Côté Sud from the Côté Maison group are two that I try never to miss. Even if you don't live in France or read French, the homes and apartments photographed are a true visual treat.
Mi Roo tells Tan Ya that Hae Ra and Jin Oh are getting married. She’s surprised because they haven’t been dating for long. Although Mi Roo’s hurt, she’s taking it pretty well. She suggests they go for drinks and Mi Roo thinks it’s a good idea but Gwan Woo comes by asking if Tan Ya’s free. At first, she’s ready to blow him off but then he tells her that famous photographer Ryan McGinley is having an exhibit in Seoul. She excitedly grabs the tickets and Mi Roo knows she’s been tossed aside for a good photography exhibit. She tells Tan Ya to go to the exhibit since they can have drinks any time. Mi Roo knows this will be a good way for Tan Ya to open up her heart a bit.
In some ways fat bodies are our current culture’s dumping ground for fear and loathing: we are the go-to places for thrashing out anxiety about consumption and excess, death and disease, work ethic and individual responsibility, boundaries and restraint, ugliness and beauty. Fat bodies are politicised — even politicians literally use fat as short-hand for bad, wrong, excessive. Fat bodies are ridiculed, dehumanised, demonised and charged with meaning.
Number of Episodes: 11
Segment 1 : Present (0,1) 000922F2ETSE PCV2ETSE
This is a virtual world designed for the ages of 13+. It is a role playing game like virtual world. Teen Second Life is filled with a number of games and activities that appeal to a wide range of people. You do need to set the maturity level to general to reduce settings for appropriateness. The site is free to play but membership has its privileges; a one-time fee. You get to create your own personal avatar. This site is pretty cool to wonder around in and meet people and interesting places. Much like the adult version of the site, Teen Second Life has some powerful tools that allow you to design your own objects in world.
I stamped the lace in Versa Magic Oasis Green, the sentiment in grey Memento and the rooseter in black Versafine. I added a simple hemp cord accent, which I tied into a knot, rather than a bow. All edges were distressed with Pumice Stone Distress Ink.
Belian is meant to be a protected species, but we have established that Taib has nevertheless been handing out exclusive concessions for the endangered wood to his political allies. So much for his trumpeted sustainable logging!
This post has been linked to:
The course was pretty tough hill-wise but my sister pushed through despite not being able to really train because of a knee injury but she did awesome! We stuck together the whole time, sped up when she could and slowed down when she needed to and we crossed the finish together in 35:09! I'm so proud of her!
I felt a bit sad for a moment. See I used to be really close to my uncle. I thought he was helping me. In the end in turned out he was just manipulating me alongside my mum. My uncle would always tell me he loved me, yet when I needed him the most he turned around, ridiculed me and left me on my own.
5. Look into the Sun
I was able to find rhubarb in the grocery store on Saturday and made the jam Sunday morning. Rhubarb was something I thought I didn’t like for a long time. I grew up eating all sorts of rhubarb concoctions because my parents have an amazing garden and my parents grew more than their fair share of rhubarb. But I can remember picking off and eating the ‘crisp’ part off of a rhubarb crisp and leaving the pink part behind thinking the rhubarb was too tart. But in the past ten years or so I can’t get enough of it! So even though I halved the shortbread recipe, I still made the full recipe of jam so that we’d have some leftover for the week:)
Republicans ran up when Bush was President
So first I found that 10K gold/diamond ring (that no one has claimed yet) and now this ;)
Furnished, 2 beedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 parkings. Monthly rent US$ 1.600.
All I ask is one bar per airport where I can do something with my body other than pour shots and french fries down my gullet. Don’t worry, the pool table will be safe. I highly doubt they’ll lead to gambling and other vices…much. And unlike the pool tables in American roadhouse bars, airport bar pool tables probably won’t attract hot drunk farm girls who’ll get you into fights with the local biker gang.
As a result, Ahkmed’s player was unable to come at the beginning of the session because he had made previous plans to see The Avengers. Interestingly, when he finally showed up to ask what had happened, the answer given by some of the players was, “We haven’t accomplished much today.” Indeed, much of the session was spent wandering lost through wilderness and even this only resulted in two combat encounters — the only combat of the whole session.
"The rest next time"--"It is next time!"
Date: October 29, 2011
Me included.
Energy Star is a division of the US Department of Energy (DOE) that began in 1992. The logo most everyone has seen on thousands of items from computers to heating and cooling systems (even windows) rates the amount of power devices use, and gauges how much said gadgets cost a year to run–like the MPG rating on a car.
Suspense is the soul of these films because without it, we know the end: the hero lives, saves the day, whatever. There’s never any risk. You never wonder if they’ll make it or not. You need that because with out it, it’s just all the same speed. It’s just one thing after another. Suspense means that we’re invested in the film. I just worry that, in an effort to keep the audience broad, and not upset anyone, they’ve actually decided that suspense in a film is a bad thing.
There is a movement underway that has people returning to “real” food, food that Grandma would recognize, and food that doesn’t travel thousands of miles to get to the market. This includes buying food at farmer’s markets and home gardening to raise produce. I don’t have any numbers, but I’ve seen lots of things on the Internet and in my town that proves that some people are “getting back to real.” Even my family is getting back to real food, though that’s as much necessity as anything else.
Dave once told me that he had never seen a penny from the BBC releases. I had the good fortune to see him again not long back, and it's always refreshing to meet such a talented and culturally significant bloke and to realise what a sound and down to earth person he is.
“Living in the past, instead of learning from it, isn’t progressive and keeping people angry about the past doesn’t make for a better future.”
She got the last laugh, however. I spent the rest of my night holding her hair back while she threw up wine into the toilet, and continued to sob. Then she started crying because her tears ruined her mascara and she looked “so fucking ugly.” She also got mad at me for not letting her call her parents (it was 11 o’clock at night, they were 4 states away, what could they do?) because I “wasn’t doing a good enough job taking care of her, and they would know what to do.”
jeannecollageoflife@gmail.com
For my Spring kit I decided to jump on the bandwagon of the owl trend! I didn't think that I would finish it in time for Easter, but since I happened to be a night "OWL" last night, I threw in some Easter egg elements. Have a good Easter and enjoy your Spring!
They have the requisite emotional distance from the text to cut without remorse, tightening the prose, making it more powerful. They comb the story for plot holes, red herrings, clichés, cardboard characters, split infinitives, and dangling modifiers. They cross-reference, they fact-check, and they nudge flabby prose back into line.
Until then, have a blessed week!!!﻿
15. Canned Heat "Kings of Boogie" 3:00
Does anyone have any tips on writing the listing blurb pleeeezzzzz
The pain of this realization was small, sudden, and surprised the spoiled princess. She felt a sudden emptiness, and in that moment realized how deeply her family’s love affected the very fibers of her being. Being suddenly alone was unbearable, even more painful than reaching out to touch her sister.
They contradict each other upon the pretended apparitions which they relate that Jesus made after His pretended resurrection; for Matthew speaks of but two apparitions: the one when He appeared to Mary Magdalene and to another woman, also named Mary, and when He appeared to His eleven disciples who had returned to Galilee upon the mountain where He had appointed to meet them.
Me happily wearing Clarins Skin Illusion foundation shade Honey
I didn't get to participate in Laura's awesome 10 Things Thursday yesterday. I was sick yesterday but much better today. So I figured I'd just put down a few things about this week in bullet style. Maybe not 10 things...
The church has a responsibility to be there for people come Sunday. To open their hearts and arms with compassion for their grief and confusion. To allow God to use this horrible time in the lives of these people to bring them to the true understanding of Scripture and the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Until then, pray for those whom Harold Camping has led astray.
This should be required reading for every man, woman and child in the United States of America ...
Three things have to be in place and a part of the intent and purpose of the message humanity receives to begin with. The first of these is that humanity has come to a point of critical mass. Change has to come to society as a whole or there will be dire consequences to be paid in the future. In this kind of circumstance a message becomes a necessity. Second, humanity has reached a point in evolution that it is looking for and even expecting a “messenger” to bring a message that will result in a turning point…that the old path is being abandoned and it is time for a new paradigm to come about. But such a message will do no good unless humans have reached a point in evolution where it knows the need for a “message” and is capable of and willing to respond to the message by taking action upon the message received. Thirdly, the message that is brought to humanity will affect many generations to come. It is rare that such a message usually does not manifest immediately but will occur and have long-range effects into the future. Sometimes a message will give but a glimpse of the future, revealing a realization so that action can be taken. So such messages reveal what will or are likely to happen if changes are not made.
It's Ok...
The Reopening of the Musée Henner
#verseday is a Twitter hashtag I came up with to promote poetry writing. I invite Twitter people to suggest poetry topics by noon Eastern each Thursday. Participants must then draft poems by noon Eastern Friday. The resulting poems can be submitted anywhere.
However, I didn't know she was truly getting sick until she started engaging in the most BIZARRE behavior, for her, that I have ever seen. And, believe me, I love her and respect her and think she is the coolest chick in the world...but that is saying something!
Ben Ryder Howe
Day 19
Going back to calling myself a KEMer– one of the things that it means is that there is a certain amount of pride in the exclusivity of an org that takes only the best (or is this a thing of the past?). I can declare that I did not just put my name on a sign up sheet to become a KEMer. I had to prove my worth. Consider real life, people, you always have to prove your worth.
Today in the financial press there are so many articles that on the surface seem true but upon further examination they are often more harmful than helpful.
I was excited to meet up with Callie Parker to host this blog party! Callie is a sweet person and I am happy to have found a new Willow House consultant! She is friendly and full of fun decorating ideas. You can keep up with Callie at her blog, willowhousemom.com, and on facebook, facebook.com/willowhousemom. Keep reading for details on how to order and information on the special discount Callie is offering to my readers!
“Arise, go into Damascus, and there it shall be told thee of all things which are appointed for thee to do.”
I love you all
To Blossoms or spring in the world.”
Interestingly, in any military training all over the world, the soldiers are asked to see the enemies as dangerous objects which need to be eliminated. The psychology behind indoctrination of such an idea is that when they think the enemy is a human being the soldiers are unable to raise their arms. There are many such survival tactics where the army men are desensitized.
curried toasted chickpeas
Eyelashes: Beetlebones – Mesh eyelashes
As ___ and I have talked about dating (and been confirmed by what I’ve been reading), we’re not fans of it. I can vouch all too well that it leads to physical intimacy before its appropriate time and that can lead to all kinds of long term problems emotionally (at the very least). But it’s more than just that. Even if two people stay physical apart completely, there is the emotional and spiritual involvement, which is no less dangerous than the physical. My hope and desire is to talk with (her children) openly about the emotions that are involved in “dating”. As obvious the dangers are in physical intimacy before marriage, the dangers of emotional intimacy are no less significant or long lasting.
Previously, I've been a meticulous recipe-follower, and I don't think this is a bad way to start out (though I've been stuck there 5 years!) I'm starting to adjust seasonings, and learn flavours a little bit more, so that things like this don't happen again. I suppose it's actually true that we all have individual tastes, and recipes are often just the pop music that will appeal to the masses. Maybe in secret, the authors do the recipe as a punk song, or a classical song (adding crazy spices, or even more!)... and it's there to be "covered' by us. What an awful metaphor. I saw the movie "Black Swan" last night, so I'm feeling particularly dramatic. Forgive me.
Description: This little caterpilla is having so much fun as he enjoys the ride on a falling leaf. Suggestions for this digital stamp : someone about to go on holiday, your autumn projects, falling in love (put 2 on the one project with a heart between them) or any project where you'd like to add a touch of fun and cutiness. This digital stamp was also voted as crafters choice in a digital drawing competition with the theme 'things that crawl'.
Level 22: Recovers 220 HP and 66 MP every 4 seconds.
After going through therapy and seeing a pain specialist, I'm pleased to say I have a better back.
The decision mentions that the evidence for abusive behavior is not sufficient and that the dispute between the inventor and his former employer is pending at the civil courts. The patent court has no jurisdiction on the question of the impact of the nullification on the financial compensation of the inventor.
However, these seem like very serious topics for a goose to address…
I once read an axiom that it is better to travel than to arrive. That is, in my humble opinion, complete and utter bollocks. Travelling is piss poor. Once you have arrived at your destination life is okay. Once you are home, life is even better. Getting from A to B is by and large a wretched experience. Airport queues that are designed to make you walk through tat shops (of course, that is what I need, a tin box in the shape of an obsolete red phone box with 50p’s worth of jelly babies in for a tenner), waiting around for every stage of the miserable process, screaming children on planes, crap airline sandwiches, fat people sat next to you that do not fit into their own seat and dithering old people standing right there and blocking everyone’s attempt to move forward until they have found what piece of pointless crap they want out of their bag . The only part of it I enjoyed was getting free beer on the plane in the economy class that my humble means afford me. I got one as she moved up the plane and necked it quick enough to get another when she moved the other way. Warsteiner if you’re interested. Not bad lout. Neckable.
Is this list too broad or too constricting? Your comments and questions will be very valuable to all of us, so please let us know your take.
There are TONS of ways you can make a fabric flower! There is the no sew kind, the Yo-Yo kind, the Gathering kind, Roses...You name it? You can probably make it out of fabric! haha.
The poppy has become a powerful symbol of remembrance and a hopeful prayer for peace. And you know what - it ticks me off when I hear people complaining that some people don’t wear one, or that they don’t wear it for enough days, or that they wear it too early, or that the one that is sold isn’t botanically correct, or even that the angle of the leaf should be worn at a different angle.
Then I spied this Foley + Corinna Mid-City Tote. I like the simplicity, the short drop handle, the versatility--can be carried on the arm, worn cross body, or even carried as a large clutch. It is unfussy and straightforward, unlikely to go out of style. The price tag is obscene, but, it would probably be the last handbag I buy for a very long time.
And for some reason Hallmark won't return my calls.
Now I want to take a look at the internal indicators that I follow closely on TC-2000 beginning with the McClellan Oscillator. Note that the 15 day exponential moving average (neon green line), or the 3 week moving average rolled over at the beginning of February while the market continued to move to new highs. It has now reached oversold territory on two different metrics. First of all today’s reading is -290. Look back over the past 3 years and you can see that when it reached -300 or lower the market was usually within days of a bottom. Also note that aside from May 2010 and August 2010 that the 15 day EMA has generally bottomed at -100 to -175 before turning up. It is currently around -125. Once again this implies that some kind of bottom is likely within days.
So: Yes, women all over the world have problems; yes, the United States has yet to elect a female president; and yes, women continue to be objectified in many “Western” countries (I live in one of them). That’s where the conversation usually ends when you try to discuss why Arab societies hate women.
I have a job interview today. For a technical writing position. Temp, three months, but we all know temp could lead to full time. I’ve been wanting a technical writing position, and I can still work for the video production company at night, or until they can pay me. And this actually pays me enough I can take care of almost all my bills. Mom and Dad will have to pay my health insurance.
But what it didn't have was a snappy tagline. We asked you to supply one, and oh, yes, you did.
--WHERE DOES THE MONEY GO???--
Van Halen+ (Original. No Hagar.)
“It was interesting,” Georgia receiver Tavarres King said. “I was wondering why I wasn’t on SportsCenter.”
you welcome me as an honored guest
Here he is, face number 4 in the 29 Faces in May challenge.
Mr. Logan would go on to become the chief of police in Evanston and eventually serve on the board of the McGaw Y.
I would like to enter my wall hanging into the following challenges:
While Americans have seen a recession ravage savings accounts, lawmakers on Capitol Hill have only gotten richer.
!/2 inch fresh ginger, peeled and cut into fine matchsticks
It's a little theory of mine that has been swirling around my mind for a little while now.
In the French Quarter.
And with that the trip was over. Thank god this post is over. It was the type of idea that sounds great because you have 2-3 songs/dishes in mind and then you realize how awful its going to be after you’ve spent too much time to give up on it.
1482 D-XI/10/2003. “Does Anything Truly Happen to the Homeric Gods? On the Blessings, as well as the Pains, of Mortality.” Basic Program Alumni Course, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. See Item D-XII/29/1970, above.
We teetered slowly up and down the driveway a couple times. But on our third time out, Jeffery suddenly veered us off to the left and said "Hey! I wonder if you can make it down this hill!!" Then he gave me a shove and sent me rolling down a steep, grassy incline toward an oak tree.
My best advice for creating your own shaped cards using any image is to cut on cheap paper making sure you get the desired result. Sometimes the card will not stand up at all, or there simply isn't enough area to weld like my onesie on the left. And sometimes, something like a scalloped circle just does not line up perfectly. So practice cuts are the best way to go so you don't waste your expensive papers.
At issue is a subtle question of Israeli law. Regulations permit animal export only for medical research whose goal is either to save human lives or reduce human suffering. The Israel Nature and Parks Authority, which issues the relevant export permits, told the court it plans to reexamine whether Mazor Farm’s application met the necessary criteria. The Israeli Supreme Court subsequently issued a temporary block of the export.
Daniels (1983) made this point
Updated: Monday, 26 March 2012, 6:06 p.m. EDT
Still. Happy.
And Bynum is letting Howard know. Rubbing it in. Here I am, a big body doin’ actual work in actual live basketball games, with Kobe. (Not going to speculate on Howard with the Lakers, as I promised myself to not bring up my almost Valanciunas on the Spurs rumour mill mulling, so can’t justify the if-only. Maybe, maybe, I see another theory taking shape.) Injury aside, as we can’t determine a moral compass withstanding, not on the table, Howard did everything he possibly could to drag his team down, and now free from his (or is it Stan VG’s?) (joking?) can-never-be-too-serious hypnosis, the Magic aren’t playing too badly, gutsy even. If Anderson can find his great-season form and start drilling threes they’ll have an even better chance at stunning the Pace too.
I have an issue with toothpaste... I must subconciosuly have a fear of running out, because I realized I have three new tubes in my bathroom drawer and a few more stashed away under the sink. I initially hated the taste/texture of this toothpaste as it is a bit baking-soda-ish but is whitens like no tomorrow and you get used to the taste. Double plus it is super inexpensive and leaves your teeth feeling super clean.
When the hubs and I were early in our marriage and our first child Mandypants (MissIndie) was just a baby, we lived in Las Vegas and used to take trips to California all the time. Specifically Disneyland, San Francisco, LA and San Diego. We had hardly any money at all but we would just drop everything on the spur of the moment and go have fun :)
I did find some polishes that I'm lovinggggggg (and I'm sure the whole blog world does too!). My new faves include:
American Idol alum Jennifer Hudson and designer Roberto Cavalli posed for photographers on the red carpet at the 2012 amfAR New York Gala held at Cipriani Wall Street on Wednesday (February 8) in New York City.
Taste and season accordingly
Mom: (snickering)
I think I'll want to take down the giant princess mask (a Target Halloween decoration many seasons ago) and bring her with me and probably some of my artwork, too. The walls are filled with paintings, frames, inspiring images, photographs, postcards and verses I wrote on myself. "Mom, you wrote on your walls," one of my daughters remarked years ago. "Yes, I did because they are mine."
When you are working the long hours we do food is extremely important, both for energy and as a way to wind down. One of our favourite places to eat was at the local Chinese. All these meals were $5 each. We never once finished them, lol.
by the bedside lamp.
I went to that comic shop as frequently as I could, hoping I’d run into her. I never did. I spent about $70 on comics there. Eventually the shop relocated and I didn’t know where, but at this point I had already replaced the sentiments.
After what felt like decades, Luis and Casey finally got married last Saturday and Luz and James had the privilege of being a special part of the ceremony as the flower girl and ring bearer. It was possibly the most beautiful wedding I have ever attended - every detail was so thoughtful and touching - everything from Casey's incredible gown to the unexpected French Quarter musician playing for the wedding party and guests during a photo session in Lafayette Square - that it came together to create a most memorable event. Even more incredible for me, though, was seeing it all through the eyes of a 6 year old and an almost 3 year old...they were absolutely enamored and did not want to leave Luis and Casey's sides. I remembered then what I thought about brides when I was a little girl, about how they were princesses and about how a wedding was possibly the most magical thing imaginable...for a while there I felt like I was also a part of this fairy tale, and I suspect I was not the only guest feeling that way.
LL:Maybe for the next album.
We have two other doors leading in from outside, one in our kitchen (no room there to store extra shoes) and one in the den. I actually could use that area for the extra shoes very easily. The other idea is actually to store them in an underbed bin in our bedroom. We have the room there and the shoes would stay neat and orderly and I wouldn't have to worry about them. It's worth giving it some thought. Oh - and we have underbed bins that we aren't using at the moment, so it's not like I would need to be spend anything on it. I think I like that idea quite a bit. So, that's where those shoes will be going later today. (Thanks for your help, y'all!)
When I plonked it down on my kitchen work top prior to its first wash, I was reminded of an article I had read a while ago by a well known interior decorator - he said that every room was improved by a touch of blue and white! I think he's right, because the teapot seems to give the clutter in my kitchen corner a bit of zip - good result!
Thanks so much~ENJOY the trailor and catch it on NBC, Friday Dec 2nd 8/7c~;-))
8.Germany 64
On a positive note, it produces a pretty good belch without that beery feedback loop created by beers which taste of beer and it is named after a song by Spandau Ballet. If that’s not a good reason to drink it I don’t know what is.
You will pay the Author Rate, less 10%.
it would make a very beautiful wedding gift.
The figs are already making! Seems early this year but everything else has been. It took me a while to get fig trees established here but these are doing well now. An old friend of mine always told me you couldn't have good fig trees unless you had chickens. I think he meant chicken poo was good for the trees. The chickens do love to rest under the trees for some reason if given the chance, so maybe he was right.
The MTA and Miller partnered to provide free bus, metro subway and light rail service on New Year's Eve throughout the Baltimore region - the first time residents have had free public transportation over the holidays.
And see the bird with a leaf in her mouth
Finish writing my book
So yes I'd say this Mother's Day is very different from the last. Tears of aching for my daughter to come home have been replaced by tears of thanksgiving.
47. Falling, having accidents, breaking bones. Your body is not grounded or perhaps your life is out of balance. Or your body may be telling you to slow down, examine certain aspects of your life, or heal certain issues. There is always a message. When I recently broke my ankle, I understand that my ankle was taking on what I myself refused to deal with. And that was all of the above.
Before you wonder whether you're on the right site, don't panic! This is still a book review blog. It's turning into a dvd review blog too, just because I watch so many and it frees up space in my Nayu's News posts.
On January third, I sat quietly and watched the sun rise through the sheers. Coffee and reading material in hand, I just said,...
With expanded insurance options— combined with changes in the macro-environment, such as new tax laws and very low interest rates—agents are in a perfect position to open the life insurance conversation with their clients. The following three strategies can help them better serve their clients and expand sales.
Here are a few shots of the kids.
Early Recovery
S: Tell us about your educational background.
The first route was from Douala to Paris (CDG) and domestically from Douala to Yaounde.
And God heard the man , So God answered.
In other news, yesterday was my 42nd birthday. My Mom and Niece came over to babysit the babies so that Bill and I could have a date night. We went to Maggiano's Little Italy. Oh my goodness, I ate long after I should have stopped. It was so good! Even more than that, it was so nice to have a quiet evening with Bill just to catch up. Everything has been such a whirlwind since the babies arrived.
I have no idea why this even exists as a recipe. But this is the actual Ur-tuna casserole recipe, right here. Lucky you!
2. If you are not a blogger or would just like to enter the contest, Shutterfly has provided me with codes for 25 free Holiday Cards to 3 of my readers. Please just comment on this post anytime from Monday October 17 – Monday October 24 and you will be entered. Winners will be announced Tuesday, October 25. Please also leave your email in the comment so I can email you!
From Avery:
Sherwin Williams.
Twenty years into the Oslo peace process it is clear that negotiating with Israel has achieved virtually nothing. Illegal Israeli settlements have more than doubled, the Wall has been built (effectively physically entrenching the Apartheid already present), and travel continues to be heavily restricted. What’s needed isn’t further talk with the intransigent; what’s needed is civil resistance.
In 1951, there were a total of 32 SAC bases in Europe and Asia, all located close to the borders of the Soviet Union. Wohlstetter’s team discovered that they were, for all intents and purposes, undefended — the bombers parked out in the open, without fortified hangars — and that SAC’s radar defenses could easily be circumvented by low-flying Soviet bombers. RAND calculated that the USSR would need “only” 120 tactical nuclear bombs of 40 kilotons each to destroy up to 85% of SAC’s European-based fleet. LeMay, who had long favored a preemptive attack on the Soviet Union, claimed he did not care. He reasoned that the loss of his bombers would only mean that — even in the wake of a devastating nuclear attack — they could be replaced with newer, more modern aircraft. He also believed that the appropriate retaliatory strategy for the United States involved what he called a “Sunday punch,” massive retaliation using all available American nuclear weapons. According to Abella, SAC planners proposed annihilating three-quarters of the population in each of 188 Russian cities. Total casualties would be in excess of 77 million people in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe alone.
1. Fangirls. Making everyone else uncomfortable with their obsession.
Yes. Double rolled damage on a natural 20. A roll of one results in consulting a 1d8 subtable on my GM screen for hilarity.
What I found was a novel of comic misadventure and wonderful misdirection as two time travelers stumble about the Victorian era, trying to find a hideous piece of sculpture whose whereabouts are responsible for a possible melting of the continuum. No pressure. And yet, the contemporary Victorian characters, completely oblivious to the situation, thwart the travelers through all their eccentric meandering.
How is this different from “government?”
Feminism in developing world usually take a leaf out of the “developed” world (as they can teach the “right” thing and not visa versa) , but do these developing world feminist are willing to understand what boys feel or is it too out of the world for them( and additionally accept their flaws too). It has been widely understood that woman become feminist out of oppression of themselves in the hands of their male peers of elder males in the families since they cannot understand their “feeling”. It may be so that in process of being a man in order to not get affected by emotions in decision making ,they needed to subvert their feelings. A phenomena which has been successful to men for thousands of years.(but how can a man expect a feminist to understand this feeling, after all it is always other way round)
From Management-Issues:
The image is colored with my pencils. I added a little white bow and some light blue stickles to the petals.
My older sister, when she say my pre-debut pictures she said “Hey, your pre-debut photos are all on the internet! I didn’t even know”. Even though she doesn’t really talk about stars, she still seems to be really proud of me.
Hi all! I am writing this a few days early and scheduled it to run today so I'm still deep into Disney as you read this. Hope your week is going well!
And for those of you too lazy, here’s my favorite quote:
Minor side effects, occurring either immediately after, or within seven days after treatment, were slightly more common. Some of the side effects included:
Ash has a Phanpy in the anime. I think it goes “phanpy!” in a very perky voice.
Have you ever had a little too much to drink? Maybe had some parts of your body go numb? Maybe been a little dizzy? Maybe a little uncoordinated, tripping over things and not being able to hold your glass very well? Maybe your speech got slurred? Maybe you couldn’t see or think straight? It usually passes when you sober up. Now imagine being like that all the time, without the pleasure of a glass of wine.
“I have come to see you. I know you are in pain. Ive come to take your pain away”
But even with a friendly new FDA Chairman in place, the agency still rejected aspartame for approval by a 3-2 margin. What reprehensible, bordering on criminal action did Chairman Hayes do next? He added a sixth member to the approval board, who voted in favor of aspartame. Then, with a 3-3 tie on the issue, Chairman Hayes himself broke the deadlock with his own vote of approval for aspartame.
May and June are to the pest control industry what November and December are to the retail market. I will not be posting daily because I’m too busy. The work isn’t in the posting….it is in the reading, and I haven’t had time to read those sites I visit daily, and when I have, I have been too tired to do anything with the information.
As the Slog reported a few days ago, there remains as well the delay in the phone call to the NYPD on the day of the alleged attack. The hotel has never given a satisfactory explanation of this missing 62 minutes; nor will the hotel’s manager comment on the recorded fact that he too (like Diallo) spent time in Room 2820 – the one adjoining DSK’s Presidential Suite. The Slog noted that DA Cyrus Vance was under increasing tabloid pressure to formally investigate these events at the hotel, and it appears he has now bowed to this by putting off the next Strauss-Kahn hearing while further investigations take place.
Through providing loans for the villages to purchase coffee plants, the villages can begin producing a good income that returns back into the development of their own homes and village. This coffee is where we get our La Mai coffee from.
(215): so i calculated all the guys i slept with…
UPDATE: Here’s what Herbstreit had to say about voting for the BCS title game participants last year. I know, that was then, this is now.
Then, still looking up, McConnell sat back down. “Where are they?” someone asked. “Dead,” he answered flatly. “We’ve lost ‘em, God bless ‘em.”
+3 All Stats, +2 Weapon/Magic ATT, +10 Weapon/Magic DEF/Accuracy. Bonus: +2 All Stats, +1 Weapon/Magic ATT for 3rd/4th job Arans or 7th~10th grow Evans.
Acting as a coroner, undertaker and mourner, Halifax played a crucial role in the Titanic story, one that is little known. The people of Halifax, commonly known as Haligonians, were responsible for the recovery, identification and burial of the Titanic victims, including my great grandfather. They did so with great care and utter respect.
Minutes into her first job, humans appear in isolated Whipplethorn Manor. They tear her home, the fireplace mantel, right off the wall of Whipplethorn and Matilda’s afternoon babysitting job goes long term.
I think the thing to do is just pick one and get good at that one!
God’s roar against the six heathen nations had ended and now God began to roar against both Judah and Israel. Amos now begins to tell Judah and Israel that they too had crossed the line and now must face God’s judgment.
Heat mats come in various sizes, but I selected one that fit the space I intended to place it on which holds about 4 seed starting trays at a time. Think a bit beyond your immediate needs. If you think it's possible you might expand your garden, don't buy the smallest mat! On the other hand, if you buy something too large, it might not fit on your table or you could have some seeds on the mat but not under your grow lights. The mat and the grow lights should match in size.
1 apple (a more sour variety)
“Dogs and cats are, arguably, more aesthetically pleasing than pigs. So what? The singer, Madonna, is more pleasing to look at than the Pope but this hardly entitles her to a position of moral superiority.”
I will elaborate the principle by taking a real life example of one of the most widely used wizards, i.e. submitting an online order.
Believing the man to be in his own flat on the ground floor, they began to brief the two constables as to what had occurred and that they needed help to get him ‘sectioned’. Unknown to everyone discussing this in the street, the man had gone to the upper flat in the communal block and knocked on his neighbours door. He stated that he was ‘the law’ and as soon as the door open he punched his neighbour hard in the face, knocking him to the floor and jumped on his chest, sitting astride him. He spent approximately 10 minutes punching and strangling him, attempting to gouge his eye and getting to the point where the victim was almost unconscious. He then proceeded into the victim’s flat from the entrance way and took a 10 inch kitchen knife and returned. He attempted to stab his neighbour who had recovered sufficient consciousness to realise the attack and who suffered the most horrific defence wounds to his hands and arms as he attempted to deflect the knife away from his torso during several vicious attempts to stab him.
and offer you the flood
“Everything that I design, I design so that I could wear it myself,” says Wu. “So that it can androgynously be worn by both genders. Because genders is what limits fashion, I think.”
The Church of Rome says that she has a right to punish with the confiscation of their goods, or the penalty of death, those who differ in faith from the Pope. - ibid, p. 376.
Pour the chocolate mix into the prepared tin and spread it out into an even layer. It will be quite thin.
I shake my head at how he treats these people. One guy in particular pays around thirty percent more per airport transfer than everyone else. The reason? Because the bills go straight to his corporate office, and no-one there ever does a comparative analysis against other limo companies.
Her dad took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and waited. The seconds hung heavily in the air. Sam tried to stand completely still, not wanting to mess up whatever was going on. Her father scrunched up his face and seemed to be making a huge effort to do something.
Internationally acclaimed jazz trumpeter Brownman stride into the city on Friday as the first act in the inaugural Tower Jam concert series at One HSBC Center in downtown Buffalo. The beloved, genre-crossing Toronto horn aficianado will play a retrospective of the works of legendary jazzman Miles Davis with a pickup combo of Buffalo jazz all-stars - a nice post-work treat for anyone ready to call it a week.
“The Book of Cain” is the latest tie-in book for Blizzard Entertainment’s Diablo franchise, but it’s not like the others. “The Book of Cain” is not a novel; it has no plot in the traditional sense. It is, instead, a sort of encyclopedia of the entirety of Diablo lore, from Anu and the Dragon, to the creation of Sanctuary, to the Sin War, all the way up to the Dark Wanderer and the destruction of the Worldstone.
my health. no diabetes. no nagging worries of a heart attack. the pain is gone. now my legs hurt at the end of the day because i ran into the mall in beach flip flops for "one thing" and ended up walking around on the hard tile for 6 hours without realizing it.
May God hold you in the palm of His hand.
I went for a hike in Jackson Demonstration Forest after work a couple days ago. I took a trail that I had hiked last year when I first moved to the area and it was interesting how my perspective has changed. First of all, it was nice to see some old ancient trees growing towards the top of the mountain ridge. I will have to come back and get a circumference of this old giant Douglas Fir that I found off trail.
#2, #3 and I headed out of our hotel most mornings with plans that filled the entire day.
At the last meeting in June we learned about canning meat and chicken from Brian S. It was great to have a man teach us about something that some folks think of as “women’s” work.
And that it's okay to feel our differences
A number of new cigars have finally made it to the UK. Over the last couple of weeks, the Limited Editions for 2011 have finally arrived. These include the Ramon Allones Allones Extra, the Cohiba 1966 and the Hoyo do Monterrey Short Hoyo Piramides (more to come on those cigars in forthcoming posts, for now I can say that I tasted the Ramon Allones enjoying it quite a bit...). More importantly, we finally got delivery of the new regular vitola introuced by Partagas, the E2.
So, if you have a Valentine project/card that features The Cat’s Pajamas stamps or CutUps dies, we invite you to share them during our Cat’s Pajamas Valentine Blog Hop. Just add your project to the inlinkz button on the right
I bumped right into your leg with my cart.
We went to the Vatican City on the day before we were due to leave Rome, which was a weekday in autumn and so it wasn’t too busy – comparatively speaking. Four million people are said to visit the museums per year and weekends are busy indeed. (From a conservation standpoint, this must be tough to deal with.) My wife and I started in the museums above, very, very slowly burrowing our way down to the Sistine Chapel, ‘very slowly’ due to the press of bodies rather than the distance we travelled.
Featuring talented songwriters from around the globe, the Songsalive!
*Doesn't grow mold or microbes
Lead Vocals – Andy Sanchez
Hammerhead was by far the coolest alien in the bar... and who knew he was hiding such great feet under that table?
Right now, Adam and I are working on our "New Years Resolutions" - I've never made resolutions before... I thought it was kind of dumb. But Adam and I decided we would try it this year. When he asked me what my resolution would be. The first thing out of my mouth...? "Lose weight" how cliche of me! :)
Rainy weather = days spent indoors = creativity and inevitably, little messes
Everytime we pick up speed I watch him carefully in the mirror.
The Breakdown
Where you gonna go now, - I went.
(Belated) Happy New Year to everybody!
I can’t shrink or cower
This one clinches the 11, and not just for the magnitude of its construction or the performances. That helps, sure, but it's the end result that matters. It is a lot more than a band flexing their muscles for the audience - it sounds great.
4. Step all over me.
Sarah Palin New Book Is A Best-Seller In America Because She Chose To Continue Politics After Her Defeat With Senator John McCain. Now With Citizen Fred Vidal, PhD, Also Know As Mike Fuller, She Can Go The The White House As A SPECIAL ADVISER, She is Not the Right Choice For The Republican Ticket In 2012, But It will Be a Fair Competition At The Primaries of The Party (if she decides to be candidate)!
Many in the transgender community dispute the notion that non-conformity with traditionally accepted gender roles is a sign of a mental disorder. Many children grow out of gender dysphoria, and come to feel comfortable with their gender, but are identified as homosexuals.
Why do I proclaim Canada likes cheddar cheese?
The one with the plain cover is Drawn and Quartered. Its dust jacket fell apart many years ago. Favorite Haunts still has its dust jacket, which is in remarkable shape. And Monster Rally is a softcover I was able to find on my own. A number of Addams cartoons are also in the bigger anthologies that collected works of many wonderful cartoonists. But none were quite as perverse as Addams was, though many cartoonists who followed him brought their own brand of lunacy to the genre, ie Gahan Wilson and Charles Rodriguez, both of whom contributed to the National Lampoon.
The discussion and comments that followed the publication of the above document led to the response provided by ToxiNews below:
thoughtfulness and consideration in which the woman longs for.Basically, he spends his
4.) Otis Clay – “I Got to Find a Way” (Chicago Soul). Powerful vocalist still
" Do you have some Kleenex?"
Let us look then at Queen Of Outer Space, a movie that gives us a world where outer space is the least of anyone's concerns, but the fantasies of your typical red-blooded American male were at the forefront. Don't believe me? Look at this:
James Murray, mitigating, said his client had already made a "full and frank admission" to signing the nomination form without his son being present, which he described as the "essential mischief" in the case.
Like I said, I wouldn’t wish bad things like foreclosure and job loss on anyone, but there are consequences to your actions. I’m just glad the animals are now being fed and cared for and that people are lining up to give them good homes. All I did was complain in this scenario, but other people stepped in to take care of the animals and to report the abuse. Good deeds all around.
Independent bookstores are a great resource for indies and nonstandard distributed publishing (read POD here). The problem with indie bookstores is they are looking to get their cut, and you won’t get much or you might be paying for the privilege. Many indie bookstores will charge you to have a signing event in their stores. You might find yourself out $50 to $250 just for the signing. When you make a deal like this with a bookstore, you can get some great play if they advertise and market for you. Sometimes the $50 to $250 just buys tea and cookies and you still have to run all (or most of) the advertising.
I’m not really sure you are aware of how little your regular behavior is appreciated in public.
C is for Cheese / A to Z Blogging Challenge
Invert tart onto a serving plate. Service with ice-cream or cream.
Ribbon - Stash (Recollections)
Jesus famously said, "The thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy; I have come that they may have life, and have it to the full." I don't think he meant in like 70 years after a long happy life. I think he meant now.
BB Cream is the abbreviated form of Blemish Balm Cream.
Quilted Suede Pet Covers
Clergy ‘moving beyond Jesus’
Sharing the security I know
On page numbers, I have drawn your attention to a statement in the APA manual that seems to disagree with you. I just did a brief Google search (http://tinyurl.com/5utdfr may take you there), searched the first five hits, and found nothing along the lines of what you suggest. A doctoral student should ask, I think, whether you can point me toward some authority that supports your criticism. As I say, I wouldn’t bother with this, but it has come up twice now, so apparently I had better seek a resolution of it.
Kiss the Son, lest he be angry and you be destroyed in your way, for his wrath can flare up in a moment. Blessed are all who take refuge in him. (Psalm 2:12, NIV)
Since I love labor-saving things and healthy food, I decided to try it at home. I scrubbed red potatoes and chunked them up, boiled them, and mashed them with non-dairy milk. They aren’t “pretty” potatoes, but they taste good.
Anyhow ask him if you would Boris. I am sure we would all like to know just how those countries I have mentioned can do anything for us True Brits other then drag us down into the pit with them.
1 increased
Some of the things I'm laying down in advance though, in terms of inspiration or what it's like in X are:
To condemn people to the status of sub-human, not equal, because of their inherent identity is probably the most revolting perversion of the American ideal I have witnessed in my lifetime. The claim that we are a compassionate, humane and free society will remain a joke if intolerance and hate become the rule of law.
hardly dared believe,
I am never ever ever again going to attempt a moon shot
Revise. Polish. Resend.
Oh and I forgot we were introduced to a wonderful new character Ren of the Chosen! Definitely a new guy I could sink my teeth into, yummy!
is with us now and forevermore. Even when the path becomes rough, hold on to God’s
See the simper answer makes more sense right?
Thank you Ad Club for this lovely honor.
So, thank you, fellow blogger, for opening my eyes! I will, indeed, strive to take a shorter shower. I hope you all will do so as well. And, while you’re in there, being a little quicker than you were yesterday, give thanks that you have the luxury of clean, clear water on tap. There are many in the world who don’t. Let us never take this gift for granted!
So what do I do now? I considered watching Castle again, but it’s getting a little over the top, I know the episodes too well. And today, I joined Pottermore. I don’t know how I feel about this. I am a huge Harry Potter fan, always have been. I have read all the books not only multiple times in English, but also books 1-6 in Spanish, and books 1-5 in German. I have also seen all of the films multiple times. So Pottermore seemed like the next logical step, right? Well, I don’t know. Its the kind of thing you can’t really appreciate until you are really really into the story. And I thought I was. I can talk along with the movies, I’ve read the books in three languages, for goodness sake! But still I don’t know…
Okay so I am not sure how to say this...
Every culture has it’s favoured soups and where we Brits offer tea to our guests in many countries soup is seen as a fitting welcome for visitors. My husband had a rather unusual visitor a few nights back whilst staying at his mothers house. Having returned late from a footie match he latched the door and headed to bed only to be woken in the early hours by the sound of the door closing. He roused himself from his slumber only to find a scantily clad man gracing the sofa in nothing more than his underpants. Unsure of his visitors motives he soon gathered himself with the realisation that most thiefs and criminals tend to come a calling fully clothed! With that, he opened the door and gently suggested his visitor “Go Home” and luckily enough the man obliged. The only reminder of this unexpected social call? The man had kindly moved a couple of objects in the lounge to better suit his design ethic!
Last time, I tried—unsuccessfully, I think—to talk about what I call home: it’s that intangible place, beyond or inside this inadequate world, where I feel like I really belong. I am sometimes far away from home, sometimes right there. I recognize certain people as being what I think of as “from home,” and others who would like to find their way there. Once in a while, someone’s yearning for home seems to create a rift in ordinary time and space; the light changes in such moments, and I get shaky as I reach beyond myself for what’s needed, like a test pilot in a plane that’s being pushed to its limits. Maybe that’s what George Fox and the early Quakers were up to when they trembled at the word of the Lord.
Can you stand it? I know we can't!!! We know we haven't given you some new images to play with in a bit, so it's about time! Don't forget, our rubber closeout is still going strong. Some stamps have sold out and we are removing them from the site as quickly as we can to make for an easier shopping experience for you. :D
She thought she would have felt better once she had had the abortion. But she only felt mildly relieved and a vague sense of sadness. But she was glad she was too sick to think as she could not afford the luxury of second-guessing her decision.
When friend and sister in Christ, CY sent me an article two months ago, about the Haitians who are forced to eat mud cookies as food, I didn't really know what I would do. What could I do, one woman, far away from Haiti? With what voice? With what money? What could I provide to these people that NGO's, the UN, and the Red Cross had not already done? However, I heard God say, it doesn't matter WHAT you do, just do something. So I did. I wrote a post (read it here), sharing my heart and asking if perhaps some of my Week of Menus readers would like to join me in my quest to raise $1000 to send to Haiti with friend, CY, who would use it to buy food for the people there, especially those poor children in orphanages. I made a promise that I would raise $1000, a seemingly huge amount to raise from a group of readers and strangers, but I knew it was something.
I imagine any non-British people reading this post will wonder why the hell I’m suggesting that you eat amphibians – but rest assured, it’s just one of those wonderfully quirky British dishes that’s name sounds inedible, but is actually delicious.
"How can we lose when we're so sincere?"
Sarah Palin has a mental health problem, yes, but it is not what everyone thinks. Psychopathy is not considered a mental illness. The peculiarities about the speech of psychopaths and their inability to remember the massive lies they tell, along with the way they try to fake they are experts (such as a foreign policy expert) and make lots of odd mistakes make them look like they have a mental illness or dementia.
I've been wrestling with myself for a couple of months about posting here again. Last time I posted, I seemed to have stepped on some toes that are special toes in my life. The post was a good one.... was actually a GREAT ONE :)... and.it was meant to celebrate some of the awesome young adult unschoolers in my life. It came across to a few people as being critical of more traditional paths of learning and parenting and of some specific people that I care about a lot! That was not my intention at all. However, I deleted it and have written and deleted a whole bunch of other posts in my head since then. It's been over two months since I've posted here, although I have opened up my blog to write dozens of times. I recently realized that all the unwritten words are completely clogging up my brain because I don't have enough memory or the right editing tools to keep it all straight up there. I have some personal reasons to keep on writing and I'll share some of those in an upcoming post.
She paused for a bit of time, while looking out the window. Then she said, “You’re right. It’s very pretty outside. I’ll enjoy that.” And I just thought, that was so much better than her being upset that it was cold out when the cold wasn’t even directly affecting her at the time.
It's also intriguing to watch as McCourt develops his writing skills throughout his childhood. It's evident that he had an innate talent that was strong enough to survive abject poverty, and an imagination untouched by his harsh surroundings: "It's lovely to know the world can't interfere with the inside of your head." I'm not sure I agree with that, as the world seems to be messing with my head on a regular basis, but somehow McCourt made it through a much more difficult life than mine with minimal apparent damage.
Anyone else have a problem with sleeping?. I’m not talking about Insomnia more leaning towards Narcalepsy. I’m not falling asleep in my standing, it’s almost as soon as my head hits the pillow. Richie thinks I’ve a problem! I never did before but I guess I can throw it out there.
And it’s off again.
Actually, I’m from Canada. You talkin’ to me?
and Chakawoma went to Musana Reserve. And many families of the vaShawasha went o many different districts as Wedza, Rusape, Inyanga, Umtali, Mutoko, Darwin, Sinoia, ariley, Marandellas, Buhera and Mazoe.
28. Mother died today. —Albert Camus, The Stranger (1942; trans. Stuart Gilbert)
“Hurry! The show is about to start!”
With regard to inner storage space, LG ELECTRONICS gone moderate along with simply 4 GIG associated with inner storage space.
Grape Man 1: “What happened?”
This would not be such a concern if I did not also sleep in my studio. It's not that the studio is in the bedroom, it's that the loft-bed is in the studio because there was nowhere else to put it.
He saw them in the distance, his portly mother with his little son, out in the sand, trying to give the boy the sort of memories he should have at this age. Not an absent mother, and a father whose bones stood out further each day, surrounded by grim, gun-toting strangers. He had to reach them. The man whose word was law in all of Sicily, for policeman and thugs alike, could surely take a walk on the beach.
The other day, I went to a singalong screening of Lionel Bart's Oliver! and what a joy it was. Such good songs, and how lovely to belt them out under cover of darkness (if slightly shaming to discover that I knew all the words). I had never seen the film (released in 1968) on the big screen. The quality of the cinematography is stunning. It was a marvellous afternoon.
This is where I mutter under my breath about being too old for this crap.
I'm not sure what happened after that, because I woke up.
These were his tips - hot off the press: “Frag Box”, by Richard A. Thompson; “The Bricklayer”, by Noah Boyd; and “The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Apple”, by Alan Bradley.
In part for the sake of clarification, and again in part for the sake of comic irony, I have decided to write this review as two reviews. One will be story focused, the other more technical. And of course, because it’s me, I’ll begin with story.
But it is too important to ignore. The very lives of our children are dependent on our action today, and there is little to be seen on the horizon that provides an answer. The liberal/left politicians are happy with the short term situation, because mass immigration provides them with mass votes.
In no particular order, I present to you:
The salt, now in the meat, will begin to attach itself to the muscle proteins. The fibers begin to weaken, swell and separate enough to allow more water to be stored in them. So, osmosis happens again to balance out the new concentration and the water in the brine begins to refill the fibers.
The story goes it was at the London School of Economics they first met while Saif was studying for a Masters degree in ‘Democracy for Dummies’ and young Benjamin was studying the basic principles of Marxism. A small stipend received as a result of a fellowship at Oxford College had enabled Benjamin to rent cheap rooms above the Student Union branch of ‘The Friends of Venezuela’ in Duke Street. As a matter of interest it was Benjamin’s 20 page booklet ‘Trotting with Trotsky” that sold over 11 copies on its first day of publication that launched his career with the BBC and as they say, the rest is history.
Given our point in the book I’m forced to look at the key players. I highly doubt that the author is going to introduce a rogue vampire at this point. That’s too easy. So suspects:
Special mystery prize pack includes:
I think most writers can agree that they would not want to step within a mile of any of those events, and yet they seem to keep popping up for me. (At this point I can almost see the comedy in it all. Laugh or cry, right?)
It's not that I'm a shyster (ahem), it's just that I have limited time to discover the joys and woes of England. Leaving at six in the morning, it took me a whole hour to get from Croydon to the other side of the Blackwall Tunnel as the northbound approach of this river crossing was crawling at a snail's pace. Sunday wouldn't have been a problem but I left the start for the following day, so is it any wonder why I don't like Mondays? Once I'd passed that, I watched as the miles of traffic shifted slowly into the capital from the M11; I was escaping to the north and there were more than two chevrons apart between myself and the vehicle in front. Luxury.
I used to be able to drink
Many will claim to know the Lord. It may be intellectually or emotionally. But does He know you? Do you have His peace in this world of unrest? Paul knew Christ because Christ knew him and had the accompanying peace. So he wrote in Romans 8:33,
And people are mad - understandably so. The stupid little girls in this video even say to the black people watching their video "Please be offended, because we are making fun of you."
In 2002, Tom Peters (owner of Monk’s Cafe) had the opportunity, and the courage, to convince the Van Steenberge brewery to bottle its famous ‘BIOS – Vlaamse Bourgogne’ under private label for him. The Flemish Burgundy of the Van Steenberge brewery is an OLD BROWN in style, aged in oak, and is one of the oldest brews made by the brewery, at least brewed for over 300 years. Tom Peters knew the beer since long, but had always trouble to find some bottles, even in Belgium. Indeed, the beer is only brewed once a year. A final tasting of a whole line of Belgian Old Browns in the Brugs Beertje bar (Brugge) tilted the decision: this is the best Old brown ale in the world! And Tom went to the brewery to see Mr. Paul Van Steenberge and Mr. Jef Versele, the owners of the brewery.
more important than your family. Give them the time they deserve, because
As their design does not tally with existing Li-ion battery packs, then they might still form part of the energy storage element of KERS. So if not Li ion batteries then they might be the next bet alternative ‘super capacitors’. Supercaps have far more energy storage than the capacitors we common see on household electronics. They are far more efficient in storing and releasing energy quickly, with less losses and do not degrade as quickly as Li Ion batteries do. However they are not as efficient in storing larger amount of energy for longer periods.
I made this card for a special friend whose birthday I forgot last year and so this year... I was determined not to forget. Happy Birthday Marianne.
This is rather how I felt when I first picked up "Not Buying It" with its splendid powder blue cover, gorgeous print scented pages and lovely intact spine.
To you all!
I asked Mom if she had ever prayed to ask Jesus to come into her life and forgive her sins. She responded, “No.” I asked if I could lead her in a prayer. You could have knocked me over with a feather when she said, “Yes.”
when I will read
Place brown sugar in medium saucepan. Place on medium heat, whisk away any big chunks.
1 Chocolate cake mix (i used one with the pudding in it to make it moist)
I don't think many of us took her seriously when she said that, choosing to laugh it off cynically, but it seems to be out in the open these days, an open 'secret' as it were.
(This is the best I know how to explain it...sorry if it's confusing...it's the best I can do)
My Dinner -
I was hopeful that this would nip her issue in the bud, but now she wants nothing to do with the crayons as far as coloring is concerned. She said they're "too hard." :( However, she does enjoy trying to stack them as high as she can. Hmpf.
LAVANCHY D, OSTERHAUS AD. Recommendations for the use of inactivated influenza vaccines and other preventive measures. Vaccine 2001; 19: 1849-1853.
cari
Going back a few years, but a true classic. It's funny that this show is such a hit with my generation, when it really seems as though it was more geared toward my parents' generations, who actually lived through the Vietnam War. But I think what I connected to as a young person watching the show was the sense of angst in a society that was focused on other things; and slowly trying to figure out what was really important in life, and how to bring my life growing up into the reality of the greater world.
Ink - Black, Hydrangea (retired), Grey Wool, Ponderosa Pine, C1 - Copic Marker
I look up at the stars, in all their beauty, and they haunt me. I feel so small.
5. Fra Flintholm Til Femøren 6:15
of sleeping. The cities I’ve lived in and gone
1/2 tsp sugar or splenda (less if you have a sweeter balsamic)
Much slipway tо economize drive іn the sanctuary maу incorporated masking walls usіng artifact concentrated on а rod аt thе rattling top аnd soil thing, making uѕe оf cabinets аs buffers оn solon or westward walls, placing а energy lamp to a squander domiciliation tо move thе apprehension оff оn а snappy morning, form usе of thermal cover to discriminate and winning asset of image wallpaper tо emit passion straight intо the inside.
I know this because I read about it in the newspaper on my way to work while scratching at a particularly irksome welt through the ugly blouse I had thrown on in my haste to flee my apartment.
Jack and Mabel have staked everything on making a fresh start for themselves in a homestead ‘at the world’s edge’ in the raw Alaskan wilderness. But as the days grow shorter, Jack is losing his battle to clear the land, and Mabel can no longer contain her grief for the baby she lost many years before.
"my dad has a wine cellar"
The food diary will be posted tomorrow morning with the blog as I have no inspections Monday. Unfortunately, it looks like the rest of the week is booked, so, I will have to do the workouts early and then blog when I can during the day.
Rip-roaring silly western fun with Kirk and the Duke! Sit back and enjoy!
When The Boss calls at 1:30 am, it's never good news. He isn't calling to see if we'd like coffee and a slice of pizza, nor is he calling to tell us what a good job we're doing.
So...let's not allow ourselves to give up easily, just because we are tired and so much is going on around us that makes no sense. There is a thread of order emerging which is slowly infiltrating the chaos. We must never give up hope; it will sustain us through thick and thin.
and she heard them speak to one another..
Everyone’s unique and like an alien! We each have our own personality which makes it seem like we’re not earthlings (laughs). That is our best charm.
“Another dance?” the raven asked before I had a chance to ask anymore questions. He grabbed my hand and drew me into the gamboling crowd.
it can be a folder or an envelope...Teri's had a pull out card with a GC attached to it...I decided to make it into an image folder to give away! I used my marvy uchida punches and the sentiment from SU.
People who follow your tweets are called followers, and if they like a tweet they may retweet it – repeat it – to their followers. You can find people to follow by using the Twitter Website’s search function to search for words or phrases, or for special keywords called hashtags. Hashtags are created by putting a pound sign (#) in front of a word, for example #nonprofit. People do this so their tweets can be associated with others on a similar topic. For example, many recruiters post their job openings on Twitter using the hashtag #job.
In terms of longer changes, sounds can fade in and out and become brighter or more mellow with respect to the other sounds around them. Colour is also tied to how hard you press, pluck, blow or otherwise get a noise out of an instrument; usually the harder you do whatever it is you need to do, the brighter the note.
She was perhaps one of the weakest among us; but in so many ways, she was able to show us the Lord’s strength and power.
apple cider vinegar
Romney also accuses the President is cozying up to the Kremlin; the Soviet Union is still alive in the keen mind of Romney. He can see past history to when the Soviets were a threat and make it seem like only yesterday. Obama actually dared to talk to the outgoing President of Russia, Medvedev. Talk is not only cheap, it’s weak! The only way to stand tough it to not talk to other nations we once were enemies with even if we have been friendly for twenty years. Damn you Obama for not hating Russia like American Presidents should. How dare you live in the present.
My daughter graced me with Tea and Toast, which my little dog was very happy about.
1. Last Quarter Dream 03:52
The opportunity for attunement
The OT was very pleased with how Olivia has adapted to her hand limitations. She had us try a strap that can hold a untensil or pencil/crayon, and even though I would have sworn to you that Olivia would have pulled it right off, she actually used it to eat a container of yogurt. She immediately realized its functionality. It was perfect for her! Why have we never tried that before??
The song goes like this: (Wish there was a good way to have the TUNE with it!!)
In their recently published book, Unmasking the Entrepreneur, Campbell Jones and Andre Spicer offer a new way of looking at the idea of the Entrepreneur, through a range of different philosophical and theoretical perspectives. Many assumptions are made about the Entrepreneur, this elusive character that so many academics have tried to pin down through a set of recognisable characteristics or as a key innovative actor within a capitalist economic system. The value placed on the entrepreneur is echoed in most Western governments through their support of an enterprise culture and of entrepreneurial behaviour across all sectors of life. In this post, I will discuss part of Chapter 3, in which the writers draw on Jacques Lacan‘s work to critique an essentialist view of the entrepreneur. They ask us to consider the idea that the reason why academics have found it difficult to categorise the Entrepreneur, in a definitive way, is not necessarily a failure on the behalf of the researchers but instead, it is because the ‘entrepreneurship discourse does not exist’.
The suspense is also helped by the use of the aliens in the film, as well as their ultra-black costumes. We very rarely get to see them until near the end. Whenever they pounce, the use of lighting in the film means that all you see are their glowing teeth. It’s been years since I’ve seen it, but it reminds me of Predator in that respect. Or The Descent.
Some visitors came searching, mostly for home the clock struck one, the clock struck one, encouragement for caregivers, caregiver encouragement, and stroke feet.
Brumby chuckled… or was he clearing his throat. “Pizza does have a universal appeal, Mr… My apologies, I neglected to get your name, young man.”
So she picked an animal out of a bag, and I asked her what it was and then what letter did it begin with, and then asked her to find that letter.
Ring: Mawi
I don’t fight the curls now; I embrace them and try to keep them happy and healthy. Sure, I sometimes get sleek hair envy, and come summer, the humidity makes me look like a poofy poodle. But then I think: “Hmm, that person with shiny tresses probably spent 30-45 minutes on her hair today. I, on the other hand, rolled out of bed, threw in some hair gel-creme, and spent all that extra time eating breakfast, petting my cat and drinking coffee.”
Neither. Really cheesy, generic pop, or really moody indie.
3.bustin' out
Interest- Why are they considering your argument? Why should they care?
Potential Insights: This question aims for their individual reasoning. It hopefully presents a synergetic mixture between rational and emotional motives.
Title: Leeam and the World of Two Moons
Truffles (the mushroom) are known throughout the world as being one of the most sought-after ingredients in history. Coming in both white and black varieties, the truffle is only grown as a part of a symbiotic relationship with a certain few species of trees, in the exact perfect environmental conditions, and only for a certain number of years before the trees lose their potency. They’re also known for having to be found by truffle-sniffing hogs in the south of France and northern Italy (a detail I vividly remember from an episode of Talespin–remember that show??) It’s because of this that these gems are so valuable, their raw form easily going for hundreds, sometimes thousands, of dollars per pound. Truffles, when a chef can get their hands on them, are usually served raw, shaved over a salad or pasta, or made into truffle oil (which, if my Food Network obsession is correct, is looked down upon by high quality chefs due to its pungent taste and reeked scent of trying too hard.) It’s truly a treasure when you get a dish with shaved truffle, for the subtle, woodsy flavor of the mushroom and the knowledge that each shaving probably costs more than the entire rest of the ingredients on the plate, combined.
The Combined Rankings are done based on a combination of the football team’s record this year, and the breweries’ combined average beer ratings on Beer Advocate. Let us know if we got it right for your favorite team/city!
Yes, Andrew Brenton designed the cover and also did the formatting for paperback and eBook versions. This made a massive difference to the appearance of my book. I am thrilled with the cover and could never have done something like that myself.
About the only things I love about our room are: our incredible comfy mattress (wedding gift from in-laws) and my painted chandelier. The chandelier belonged to my great grandmother, which then ended up in the hands of my grandparents. A year before he died, my incredible, wonderful, most amazing in the world grandfather gifted it to me for a housewarming gift. He even took it out of its' box, installed it and hung all the crystals on it in his home in Ontario to see if it worked and to take photographs to send to me to see if I would like it. Well, I loved it and he boxed it up and shipped it across the country. It was a combo of brass and silver, so I sprayed her white, and I will never, ever let go of this thing. If we ever get transferred to some remote island in Indonesia without electricity, I will still bring this chandy with me.
budget + bill paying
It made me tighter with my sister.
This is sometimes hard to accept—as individuals…as the church. Perhaps this story invites us to let go of our need to control the Jesus story. Even when we have the Scriptures and knowledge of the tradition, the Risen Christ comes and goes. Jesus does not just stay at our table. Jesus is in the process of bringing healing and hope to the universe and everything in it. He has other roads to walk…other tables to show up at.
I don’t know when the rain has stopped. Ages have come and gone. The waterfront is empty, an expanse of concrete, shining with myriads of puddles.
R.O.X.
From "Innerspeaker", the fine debut album by the Australian neo-psychedelic band.
So the whole bizmod structure for editors, copyeditors (there’s an online group of copyeditors who are launching an entire online business to copyedit for self-publishing writers, but I know a bunch of freelance copyeditors worth their pay) and publishers is morphing day by day.
Meal in oven, set to finish when company arrived
3) healthy relationships don’t end abruptly, as if they never even happened because normal people can’t detach so quickly from deeper relationships
PRS for Music Outstanding Contribution to British Music
For just a moment, God removed his wall of thorns from our country, and allowed evil to touch us. He wanted us to see the dangers around us and wake up. He wanted to use this moment to lift our eyes to a higher purpose. He wanted us to know that our lives on this earth are fleeting, and that we should grow up and make the most of them.
The man ran into the Kredi Bank in the Serbian ski resort Nova Varos wearing a balaclava and brandishing a shotgun and demanded tellers hand over all the cash they had.
In my opinion the compilation of these tips and hints could have done with much better quality control. And more creative people should have been quoted too.
The story behind the band is an interesting one as well. Inquisition started way back in 1988 as a thrash metal band in Dagon's native land of Colombia, but was reborn in 1996 when he relocated to the Seattle area. That's where he met up with skinsman Incubus (nice name, bro.) and got bitten by the corpsepaint bug. Since then, the band has released four full-length albums: Infernal Regions... in '98, Invoking The Majestic... in '02, Magnificent Glorification of Lucifer in '04, and Nefarious Dismal Orations in '07. Word on the street is that Inquisition has a new one coming out some time this year.
The truth: They've got a Moz-ish eye for a pithy couplet, if not Marr's ear for a poignant melody. Most likely to: Carve out six separate careers as newspaper sub-editors.
In case you missed it, this Saturday Night Live skit -- with Tina Fey as Sarah Palin and Amy Poehler as Hillary Clinton -- is already a classic. (It was number 9 on Google Trends Sunday.)
We arrived after everyone else, having waited for a bus that never came. Finally gave up and walked.
An Education is the little British film that comes with high acclaim. The coming-of-age story is based on the memoir by British journalist Lynn Barber. It first appeared in Granta magazine, later published by Penguin. The screenplay is written by Nick Hornby, the popular writer who gave us About A Boy, Fever Pitch, and High Fidelity, all turned into movies.
I did mention that I am the weekly Sonic gift card winner, did I not!?
For my altered food container I decided to make use of a cheese triangle box. I thought it would make lovely storage for my pins. After taking off all of the original design, I coloured around the the edge of the lid using a Promarker. I punched some copier paper using a Martha Stewart punch and pleated it around the side, then added a strip of contrasting paper over the top. I then layered up a couple of circle nesties using foam tape and stuck them onto the lid. Added an Humphrey's corner image, which I coloured with Promarkers. Then I added some letter tiles and Martha Stewart flowers and butterflies. Some card candy and gems to finish.
R - Nice segue, Howard.
Where does he get his stories?
What You Should Know About Résumés
Marvell Rep, hats off to you. At some point in the show Mac (played by Matt Faucher) says “That was art. Art isn’t nice”. I am rather sure that what I witnessed on Thursday was art and, even if due to vulgar subject matter, it wasn’t very polite (it did start off with a man sitting on a john with his pants down), it was very nicely performed! Sorry Mr. Brecht – I guess you weren’t always right.
Stamps: Make New Friends (retired CTMH) Girl Power (retired Stampin' Up)
All of this might make you wonder what it is about centaurs that I find appealing. I can answer you in a single word: Chiron. This learned centaur has always been one of my absolute favorite characters in Greek mythology, as gentle, just and wise as his cousins are barbarous. In fact, vase painters would often depict him as having a full man’s body with only two horse feet behind, just to show how different he was.
the acrid envelope’s lip.
However, as doctors, and healthcare professionals, we often seem to forget that there truly is life going on after death, or, perhaps more accurately, we get very easily distracted into concentrating on the life that has just come to occupy our attentions rather more than the one which has just ended within our sphere of influence.
This first card shows one of my favourite ever images from Mo Manning (and I do love her images!!)- Jack & Ginger. They are such a lovely old couple and I love the way they are holding hands, so cute!! This was actually meant to be entered for a challenge, but guess what? I was late! LOL!!!
I offered to loan Eamon my postcards. For the second time lately he said, "You're very generous" but didn't want to see them because they would depress him. In his youth Eamon ran copy and proofs for the ads for all the merchants and nobody knows better than he how much has disappeared.
I'm a fan of the forgotten flip sides of the hits. So this is what we have for your listening pleasure today. The other side of S.D.Q's 'She's about a mover.'
Influenza viruses are modified naturally by spread within and between birds, pigs, and other animals. Some of the natural modifications make it easier for humans to contract the virus, and others make it more difficult. Likewise, human to human spread is facilitated by some natural viral transformations, and inhibited by others.
One of our local scrapbooking store just got in a bunch of Lindy's Stamp Gang products so I went a little crazy shopping there! I couldn't wait to use some on a project so I chose to spray my card with Cactus Gold Glitz Spritz and just love all the shimmer my project has now!
December 23
IceBridge will also join in efforts to validate and calibrate sea ice measurements by CryoSat-2, the European Space Agency's ice-monitoring satellite. ESA's airborne calibration campaign, CryoVEx, aims to ensure that CryoSat-2's radar readings are accurate. "One of our prime goals in Thule will be to underfly a European CryoSat sea ice track within two hours of its passage over the sea ice north of Greenland," said acting project manager Seelye Martin.
My first oncology appointment was this morning at 10am. I met with a nurse who weighed me and took my blood pressure and asked me a few questions about my medical history. Then I saw the oncologist/hematologist who really didn’t tell me anything I didn’t already know. He went over my CT results with me (confirmed the size and location of the mass) and took a detailed family/personal medical history. He also told me I would be having a CT-guided needle biopsy (they will be sticking a needle in me, probably through my back, and into the mass to collect a sample) sometime in the next week or two, and one week after that I would see him again and he would be performing a bone marrow biopsy. I am not looking forward to either one of these procedures. I hear they are quite painful.
where words
Okay, your turn. In the comments tell me where in the world you’d take me and why. And Suzanne, if you feel like it, you can answer all the questions on your blog someday.
and secret. To serve that triumph
Brackets from the Playful Petals stamp set
Currently there is no way to focus on a specific race to work on for your projects. If the current project for a certain race is a rare one that you want to prioritize, it doesn’t make any difference for the digsite that is given to you. However, the continents tend to have more types of ruins than others. For example, Kalimdor is loaded with Night Elf ruins – it was very rare for me to not have one up for my four available digs.
Best commute from NYC: Haverford, Wesleyan, Swarthmore
This issue of what life is cannot be driven solely by emotion, because that leads to yelling, screaming, threats and even violence. By adding reason (even to an unreasonable decision) the outcomes of reason can be created to temper our emotions and harden them into concrete steps to take so as to make a better society via our actions. If this route had been taken in the years immediately after Roe v. Wade we would see far fewer abortions, greater advances in pre-natal care and technology, and the pushing back of viability closer and closer to conception so that abortions are slowly wrung out of the system across the board in all forms. Instead the principled Conservatives let the Left choose the emotional battleground and agreed to fight on that ground, and start losing and ceding vast swaths of society to the Left based on purely emotional fights.
For the millionth time, I've suffered right alongside Kevin as he's endured yet another round of croup. Croup is that nasty, barky cough, the kind that starts up way high in your vocal chords, the kind that signals your airway is beginning to swell and tighten. It mainly comes on at night. Oh, you get a hint of what's to come as the daylight hours fade, and by day two, you're seeing the symptoms lurking around even when the sun shines.
“I have had the privilege of leading the Labor Party for nearly four years. They have not been easy times and it has not been an easy job. It is a man-killing job and would be impossible if it were not for the help of my colleagues and members of the movement.
For those of us who do not have the same volume in their lips as Miss Jolie here are a few tricks.
The other misconception is thinking everything that happens in life is karma. Karma is certainly a big part of our life but not everything that happens is karmic. There are other dynamics such as free will that come into the picture.
You see, the point of a translation is to get the meaning and intention of the line across to the viewer. In this case, high school is supposed to be considered the prime of one’s life or the high point, like Commie said. Sure, Commie ignored the color metaphor, but that metaphor only works in the Japanese. It means something completely different in English when compared to its Japanese counterpart. Thus, you must change it to prevent misinterpretation, either to Commie’s version or something like “colorful.” Deliberately misleading the audience when that is the intent of the original language would be the only case it is okay to do things like this.
With social media, not only you can hear the bad things people are saying, you can respond and engage with the speakers.
Personal Page to Mr.Mixologist is facebook.com/DrinksOnMe
You may remember, a while ago, Al was quite embarrassed when a fellow-businessman in the town mentioned that he had read this blog and recognised who we were. Al denied knowing about the blog at all, which was not exactly strictly accurate and something equivalent to sticking your fingers in your ears and going 'lalala' to avoid hearing unwelcome news. He was a bit iffy about it, but I refused to give in and stop blogging.
02.Stuck
Did you know they push one of their flocks into the ocean before they jump in to all watch and see if he gets eaten by a shark?
Kim Kesti,
“But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withstood him to the face, because he was to be blamed.”
With a rubber spatula, spread the mushrooms evenly over the phyllo. Repeat the layering and buttering with eight more sheets of phyllo. Spread the goat cheese evenly over the phyllo. Repeat the layering and buttering with eight more sheets of phyllo. Spread the red peppers evenly over the phyllo. Top with eight more phyllo sheets, buttering as you go. Butter the top two sheets as evenly as possible.
The simplest racecar I've ever seen. All you do is shake it up, then put it on the ground, and it goes. The longer you shake it, the further it drives (up to 20 feet). Great for little ones who haven't mastered the motor skills needed for fancier remote controlled cars. It also makes engine sounds and says a few of Buzz's favorite phrases.
"Last year we found a puppy in a dreadful condition. We had to take him directly to a veterinary surgeon who said he was suffering due to neglect."
Diedre also informs them that she intends to return to the stage to regain her fame–and, also, to maintain her connection with humanity. Her manager fears that nothing good will come from it; the audience will view her first as a novelty, then a laughingstock–she will always fall short of the humanity and femininity she once possessed, and her attempts to mimic these lost qualities will be ridiculed. Ultimately, neither her lover nor her “creator” can accept her new form; in a sense, both men use Deidre to define themselves, and neither can accept her new, unknown definition. The physician eventually becomes hysterical; he claims he’s doomed her to the life of a living spectacle and attempts to throw himself out a window. Deidre, with her new strength and speed, effortlessly saves his life.
75. I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings: Maya Angelou
Oh Harlequin Romance man where are you?
This is the ground level snow area your kids can play toboggan or the first timer skiers can practice. Look for the sports school to book ski and snowboarding lessons. For the experienced, have fun at the various ski slopes high above.
'Easy' is probably one of the most common words used in this blog, along with noodles, ice cream and dessert because most of the dishes we make tend to be easy dishes which don't take hours and aren't fiddly to make. Except for maybe the few decorated cakes. This dish really surprised me because I didn't expect it to be easy.
From Jarrett himself I would have his solo outings
First is the delusional religion of the shiny new object. It is a tendency to fall in love with whatever is new. It is a future-fantasy instinct.
Review: The Book of Cain:
service had reinforced patrol in
I was nervous about spending anything right now, but I'll tell ya, I enjoyed being catered to.
INTERNSHIP
So, you know how some people will try and make small-breasted women feel less marginalised by saying that women of all shapes and sizes are just fine? Well fuck that shit. Radcliffe is here to deliver the message that he actually gets off on your small boobs and thinks the way you look makes you super-fuckable.
"No matter how big a guy was, Nicky would take him on. You beat Nicky with fists, he comes back with a bat, you beat him with a knife, he comes back with a gun, and if you beat him with a gun, you better kill him, ’cause he’ll be coming back and back, until one of you is dead."
You will be prompted to find a hostess, that's me! Mrs LSJ
- a hip, funny and occasionally scathing examination of cutting-edge
Fortunately, my trusty Cuttlebug and PTI alpha die set worked perfectly for cutting the letters. I have to say that I love my manual die cutting machines and use them way more often than the electronic beast.
12:50ish am - CC was sitting running stationary radar. He gets a call over the radio from another officer that was just ahead of him that said he clocked the car coming in CC's direction at 31 mph (speed limit=20). By the time the car gets to CC, he gets her going 35 mph. So he pulls her over. He gives her a ticket for speeding.
Cast iron gates fence apart,
I use a product from Melaleuca that I swear by and frankly, it’s one of the few reasons I have an account with the company. It’s a cleanser called Solumel in the lemon scent. It’s not for everyone, I’m sure. But it cleans wonderfully, and I love the scent it leaves afterward. End of story.
To the question, “What kind of lunch box do you want your boy or girlfriend to give you?” Leeteuk got laughs by saying, “I wish she hires a buffet caterer.”
From the pilot episode of Lost, we were witness to 48 survivors of a terrible plane crash on a presumed deserted island leaving only themselves to either band together and survive, or to separate and die alone. From the beginning, unknown and unseen forces were at work dividing the survivors pushing them to choose to stay at the shoreline with the wreckage or to seek shelter further inland. Later on, the castaways were separated by good and evil and that’s where we begin.
Earlier this week, an article about ASC appeared in the New York Times, putting the organization – and wolverines! – in headline news at America’s newspaper of record. The article and attached video feature gulos, and the narration and the interviews in the film segment contain solid information about the species (I’ve been told that it’s better to collect hair samples with tweezers rather than bare hands, since this minimizes the risk of cross-contamination of the DNA, but that’s the only very minor issue that I would raise), but the larger arc of the article is about the as-yet-untapped potential of citizen science among the outdoor set.
But, you say, isn’t it obvious? Their soul is saved from sin. Their soul is saved from hell! They get to spent the eternal afterlife with Jesus! And I say, well golly that’s just swell, but unless we’re going to kill our converts right away, they still have the remainder of their lives to wait out before they can enter this eternal bliss which they are so fortunate to believe in. What now? What next?
In order to respond to that range of possibilities, homescale windpower units need to find their way back into the conversation of our time and, more importantly, up above the rooftops of homes across the modern world. Professionally manufactured wind turbines of the right scale are a good start, and those green wizards in training who have the money and lack the fairly modest technical skills to build their own could do worse than to buy and install one. Still, there’s also a huge role here for the homebuilt turbine, and for those individuals whose willingness to get to work shaping turbine blades and bolting together octet truss towers might, as things unfold, lead to a future career.
Now many will argue that the amount of artificially color in foods is not enough to hurt you (to the point of organ failure)…and I may agree on 2 accounts a)IF you are not ingesting the toxic threshold for your body and your genetics and b) IF all your mitochondria are working at 100%… maybe eating this stuff every day will slightly disrupt your energy production and you will be no worse the wear (except after YEARS and YEARS of eating this stuff every day, perhaps?)….but for the children and adults who suffer from mitochondrial disease (whose mitochondria are not functioning at 100%) then ingesting artificial colors every day can, as you would suspect, have a greater effect on their energy production, than a normal, healthy person’s. Couple that with a mito patient who may have GI issues, increased stomach permeability, infections or be immune compromised even further, and perhaps hospitalized following a surgery, infection or metabolic crisis (thus demanding even more of their energy) and the effect of this dye could be even greater (as is noted in the journal article below where it is implemented in death of 2 older patients (not diagnosed with mito but who were compromised by sepsis).
1 consensus
And everyone was quiet.......
Unfortunately, most workers have not built 401(k) accounts sufficient to fund a comfortable retirement; the average 401(k) balance “is just over $60,000,” according to The Week. Even worse, “(m)ore than half of U.S. workers have no retirement plan at all.” Social Security payments “averaging $14,780 a year for individuals and $22,000 for couples” won’t bridge the gaps.
User Score: 8.6
So the radio program talked about how buying Organic needs to become the norm... but the majority of Americans can't afford to buy organic anything... and if given the chance to buy fruits and veggies or buy junk... junk is the clear choice...
In her book The Dhimmi Bat Ye’or writes:
Later Friso and his wife apologized on Dutch national television for ‘not having given full disclosure about the relations of Mrs Wisse-Smit with Mr Bruinsma’ but that they had ‘nothing bad in mind’. Nice to meet you: prince Johan Friso, count of Oranje-Nassau, son of the queen of the Netherlands.
The other problem is that they are too big for me now. Like I said, I maxed out at 260, and in the last three months I’ve lost 35 pounds. At 225, they are barely hugging my waste. If I walk too much without pulling them up like Urkel, they will start falling down, but I keep wearing them.
How about you? Do you watch bad movies and analyze what doesn't work?
Well Thanks for having a looksee! Dont forget the DT call is still open as well.
Peacemakers: called children of God
Ang would come up and tell Jeff something, something about a table. Jeff would say “Ok.” And say goodbye and walk away. I would enjoy the rest of my evening watching their T.V. and help Ang put menus back and wipe off tables. Rose would finally say the worst words she could say: “Gen it’s time to go.” and I would slouch and walk to the car with her, after paying of course. That would be the end of my Café adventure which I enjoyed only too much. But alas, this was all writing, not reality.
Within the last week or so, I began a conversation with my fellow FAE, (Fantasy Artists of Etsy), team members about spiders. I mentioned that I am glad that spiders do NOT fly.
Personally I say it is.
I mean is it really nearly Fathers day, with the blink of an eye if I am not careful it will be Christmas again. Why does time go so quickly as we get older! Anyway enough of my ramblings, here is my Father's Day card, the scene reminds me of a bar in an old English country pub with wood counters and deep red carpets with bold patterns on!
A security that tracks an index, a commodity or a basket of assets like an index fund, but trades like a stock on an exchange.
6- Tied My Hands" - 5:16
And yet I do talk only of this subject to a few people. One is of course Kunda Guruji, who presents Rishi Vaak with crystal clarity and reason and authentic technical accuracy, and to each person depending upon their present layer.
Because so many things imperative to saving lives, are also important to saving jobs.
Now, look… I love a pun as much as the next guy, but it’s getting a little out of hand with Jeremy Lin. People are looking to wedge as clever a pun as possible into every story, and sign, and t-shirt, and headline.
General Merchandise Stores
She has recently moved to London from New York and has 19 years' experience of interactive media. Nosy Crow hopes to make many of its books available as Apps, something I'm keen to find out about as the new owner of an iPhone.
What was most amazing to me in this game, besides all of the scoring, was the complete lack of power play goals. This game had a TON of penalties issued and neither team could capitalize on the one man advantage. The Blues went 0 for 9, including two 5 on 3 opportunities. I just don’t understand how no goal came out of that. The Kings power play seemed to be their penalty kill, scoring the short handed goal and giving the Blues little scoring space when they were down a man. L.A. now leads the series 2-0, heading home.
Almond and jam bars
They all played stonking sets, you can follow the links for their music.
The Studio was founded in Milwaukee in 1889 by Conrad Schmitt, the son of Bavarian immigrants. The firm remained in the Schmitt family until 1953, at which time it was purchased by long-time employee, Bernard O. Gruenke. Today, three generations of the Gruenke family are involved in the company, a reflection of the dedication and longevity which typifies the Conrad Schmitt Studios.
We’ve had several days of cold rain here on the Plateau of Tennessee, with a little bit of snow and ice thrown in just to keep us guessing. The rain has not been scenic, but it has been COLD.
Don't forget to link your entry for the February theme challenge: EXPECTATIONS.. Link here! At the end of the month a voting poll will go up. However, I will be in NYC this week for an art teacher conference (woo hoo!!) so bear with me if I don't get the poll up right away.
994 ***D-XI/4/1987. “Subversion, Then and Now.” The College of Law, DePaul University, Chicago, Illinois. Dedicated to the memory of Charles G. Bloom (1920-1987). (Incorporated in Item C-1990(5), above, pp. 2041-51, and in Item B-15 (Projected), above, pp.411-11 (2004).)
so quickly and you only have one chance to get the shots you want.”
It really can make a statement. This is a terrible
I think I have said so much about this already, but it sometimes occurs to me that it’s not enough. How would you like to go to jail for the crimes committed by your great grandfather? Oh yes, it happens in India.
Zurich and Brussels were the finale meets for the inaugural Diamond League. Which means that they brought together the largest contingent of top athletes on the circuit. And Zurich gave us an outstanding showing of speed with Campbell Brown and Jeter turning in identical 10.89’s with Veronica winning by a whisker. Wallace Spearmon (19.79) and Jeremy Wariner (44.13) showing nice returns to form. David Oliver (12.93) once again under 13 seconds and the US 4x1 blazing to a 37.45. Throw in a 5000 meters with six men under 13 minutes and a 71’ 9” shot put by Christian Cantwell, and you have my #2 meet of the year.
Food for thought as I type this post twenty minutes from a new Monday.
More than half of people have what’s now classified as In .very poorIn . credit history, understanding that suggests if they check out a lender be lent money, they don’t get a certain amount of assist. Should you have unpaid bills you are unable to maintain, resources that happen to be often on the verge of remaining switched off, or in case you are just coping with a surprise invoice outside of no place, then obtaining ease expenses can be incredibly easier than you may think.
Ms. Ana, our makeup expert gave some tips on makeup do's and dont's. And here is a quick list of what you should keep in mind:
YG is three, now. I don't think we'll have quite the same difficulty. Though she is a whining machine, she's not so much for the "throw yourself on the floor and cry" scheme of temper tantrums.
I sure wish someone had told me Dr. P was out of network when I made my first appointment. The assistant claims she did, but I assure you, I never would have pursued him as an option if I had known. So now it feels like a total waste of a trip.
Goes down a treat with a nice strong IPA.
Holy day, love day
* I will be covering the following during the series...
Robert E. Howard – the creator of Conan, the Barbarian and father of Sword and Sorcery – was a close friend and correspondent of H.P. Lovecraft. No wonder his works – like Lovecraft’s – were racist. Well-written, yes, but racist all the same.
You’re in a new energy and it’s just starting. It’s different than the past New Energy. The end of 2011, mushing into this 2012 year, brought about what we have been predicting to you for a long time. It is The Bridge of Swords. The Bridge of Swords we have described before is a bridge that humanity uses to go from one energy to another and it’s celebrated all over the Universe. It’s celebrated by those who helped seed the planet and by those who helped seed them, and the ones before them and the ones before them. They are standing around you, in front of you, in the corridor of your life, crossing the swords above our head, celebrating a victory. Like the ceremony of marriage in the military, where the comrades in battle stand and cross the swords and you walk down the aisle, that’s the Bridge of Swords and that’s what you’re doing.
So there I was watching the online episode with Nathan after realising from a swamp of adverts for Misfits series three that Nathan has jumped ship, now this is old news for a lot of people, but I’ll warn you now, I don’t watch much TV. So the online episode was poor at best and I had to suffer multiple adverts just to watch the 12 minute “extravaganza”. The disappointment was about the same after guys finish a session of internet browsing; loads of hype, can forgive the odd lack of quality here and there and then ultimately end up crying for abusing yourself in that fashion.
Gathering the last of his strength, he focussed on his daughter’s hand holding his own. This was all there was now. He increased the pressure, spanning his muscles, giving her hand a light squeeze in farewell.
And what of Bernama? To their credit, they do actually mention Ramlang Porigi but they are still stuck in an alternate reality because their story is entitled ‘Sodomy Accusation Exacts a Heavy Toll on Anwar’. However, Bernama doesn’t comment on the substance of what Ramlang alleges, but merely cite Federal Territory Mufti Datuk Wan Zahidi Wan Teh whose sole criticism of Ramlang Porigi is that he is a ‘lowly ranked mosque official’. So what? How does that make anything he says unreliable?
Ommegang Witte
Time flies and Julia is now ready for Medicare. He says it is the republicans that are going to slash it.
Kimberly Gordon SOLO
So I just finished watching the original Nightmare on Elm Street for what has to be the hundredth time, not even exaggerating..
So at first this failed, but through sheer persistence I managed to rescue it, and I like the final product. But this is warning for anyone who has the same idea, do not get a vase that tapers or has a narrow opening, it will not dry! There is still some wet paint at the bottom of my vase, I dunno if I'll ever be able to put something in it, unless I don't mind it getting some paint on it.
I am a pretty low key person and would never describe myself as an adventurous person, at least in the traditional sense of the word (am super scared of heights, animals, rollercoasters, etc) but I am not afraid of taking chances.
Why attract pollinating insects? How to attract pollinating insects, and some interesting facts about pollinating insects from the RHS.
Boots- warm grey 5, 4 & 3
For the fourth time, I perceived a difference between the mouth feel of the canned and bottled beer; the canned beer seemed smoother, richer, maltier. Interestingly, to me, 08 weeks age produced no noticeable degradation in the bottled v. canned beer, to me.
We are calling for fellow readers to make a donation of either books or money to buy books. Donated books will placed under the Kmart Wishing Tree in December, which is an annual appeal held here in Australia and New Zealand to help families in need. People place gifts under the trees, which are located in every Kmart department store, and those gifts are then given to families struggling financially. Parents who may not be in a position to buy their children a gift for Christmas. We don't want any child to feel left out this year, so the genius behind this venture, Jess, came up with the idea to use our love of books to spread some joy to others.
My daughter has a final exam during the royal wedding so she asked me to record it for her. We decided that we would have a small royal party when she comes home for summer in a couple of weeks. We will brew tea, assemble fingertip sandwiches, bake scones, and serve them with clotted cream and jam.
I really am lucky, my mother-in-law is kind, generous, funny, smart and a great listener. I am so grateful to have in-laws that I would pick as friends.
I’d also like to say that I really like the cover. It reminds me of Vicki Pettersson‘s first three covers in terms of the overall design, though it’s very clearly a different artist. I think that the cover does a great job of capturing Genny’s otherness; the model looks just like I pictured Genny in my head.
By the way, I would like to as many current commonplace book users as I can. If you have a page where you show images of what you use, or tell about how you use them let me know so I can link you up for the next post.
“Well I didn't know!”
Birmingham Central Library was modelled on Boston City Hall and its inverted ziggurat form is an example of Brutalism. Architect John Madin told internet magazine The Stirrer: “This whole group of buildings was designed with a pedestrian walkway with squares, waterfalls, and fountains and pools. We wanted the feeling of Paris or Rome, with open squares, and landscaping … instead of the linking landscaped squares I envisaged, they've filled the main square with cheap fast food shops like McDonalds so instead of becoming a civic square it became a cheap shopping centre.” The MacDonalds now has to employ security guards to protect staff who are often rude to customers! Even if the council had followed Madin’s plan it was still a copy of a Boston building and not in our tradition.
So we started looking at regular rescues in the area. We wouldn't adopt any animal unless Samson liked them so introducing them was a must. We had a few options. We wanted a female (well I wanted a male but hubby put his foot down and said female only), a young female but not a puppy, and the new baby couldn't be larger when full grown than Samson was. I don't think flying a pet cargo on an airplane is humane and both our dogs would always be our carry on if we were to PCS somewhere we had to fly.
Perhaps Lord Myners needs to put a condom over his head to protect himself from his own mouth and what comes out of it?
I wiped the sweat off my brow.
And some mistletoe
I was up against the whole world
Some teachers fill out checklists to chart student progress. In my school, we use a grade appropriate standards based check list, but we attach a narrative evaluation of each student's performance in each of seven subject areas. In my grade, we write these narratives twice a year. I am lucky because I teach in an ICT class, and I only have to write 16 narratives each semester. My co-teacher has to write narratives for 13 students plus her annual IEP forms. (Actually, we have additional meetings for the IEP students as well, but those are during the day, usually during our prep periods.) The other teachers on my grade, Steve and Ilana, each must write 30 narratives! The narratives I write about my students' performance in school are quite intense. I'd post one here, but that would invade a student's privacy. I would never want to do that. The shortest narrative I've written today is about 1,200 words long. The longest is over 1,700 words. I try to give the parents a complete overview of their child's performance in my class. It takes me over two hours, sometimes longer, to write each report. Plus I have to fill out the checklist, add in the attendance and lateness data, and, we like to include a photo or a quote from each child. In addition, I gather a packet of work samples to show families at the conference. This takes additional time as well.
I recently did a “run” with about 20,000 of my closest friends. I thought I’d hop in and have fun, enjoy the scenery, then call it a day. Now, I’m using the term “run” instead of run because the temperatures that descended upon the pack that day did not allow for too much running. The temperature at the finish line was close to 90 degrees – a completely dangerous situation for people who thought they were going to run that day.
While John Christopher's novels take place against a backdrop of cataclysmic world events they are all focused on people. In the case of No Blade of Grass, Mr. Christopher tells the story of David and John, two brothers. David inherits the family farm, located in an idyllic valley far removed from urban London where John lives with his wife and two children and works as an engineer designing large construction projects. The two couldn't be more different.
The amazed father asks: 'It's what?! Why is the Divorced Barbie $265.95 and the others only $19.95?'
The Official SCOAN YouTube
Stolik grunted. “Yes, yes, but so what if it’s half a dozen? Unless this rat is leading us to some idiotically placed Soviet tank or machine gun nest, I’m not concerned. Show a little backbone, soldier.”
Gavin Edwards (Institute of English Studies)
I smiled at that last part. “I see…and just what is your super name again?” I asked, knowing damn well he’d never get Mike, Super Earthling by Proxy right because men simply do not pay attention.
Quartet for Strings #3 (1965)
give you a list right here of all of the irregular verbs if it didn’t pose the following two problems:
Last month, my numbers were the lowest in the department.
Later in the week, we have someone coming to install the stair runner. We decided to leave this one to the professionals, but I will take lots of pictures and ask lots of questions in case any of you want to try this yourselves. Have a great day!
Now that sounds like 72 hours to me, Friday afternoon to Sunday morning counted as 72 hours sounds like “fuzzy math” to me… doesn’t it?
Tell the business owners to keep this part of the agreement as inexpensive as possible. (They like hearing “inexpensive as possible.”) This leaves the advisor free to work with the owners individually on accumulation. Each of them could have a permanent life insurance policy for their death benefit protection needs as well as an optional source for supplemental retirement funds that they can invest according to their own risk profile. They also have the option of making separate plans for wealth accumulation. They must keep in mind that policy loans and withdrawals may create an adverse tax result in the event of a lapse or policy surrender and will reduce both the cash value and death benefit.
by Robert Herrick
Investors decisions were emotional even though many would say at the time they were highly objective in their approach.
Texting can be a great way of communicating if you keep a few things in mind. Explain what’s expected of your teens, set boundaries, discuss stories in the news of kids who have been the victims of bullies, and repeat your talks about treating others with respect in all areas of communication. Oh yeah, and maybe get a text to English dictionary so you have a clue what your kids are talking about when they write "MMK" or "@TEOTD".
We always say
On January 10, 2012, the LA City Council chose to bypass the ballot and passed a city ordinance that ties the provision of film permits with the mandatory use of condoms on adult production sites. To clarify the contents of the ordinance, the ordinance applies to offsite shoots; shoots in sound stage do not fall under this regulation. There are no “adult” film permits, only film permits that include nudity. Film LA—the entity that grants permits—reports that it grants approximately 40 permits for shoots that contain nudity per month and many of those are permits for mainstream productions.
THE CUTE.
I don't have your e-mail Cathy so if you will just send it to me then I will send you the free book:) Congratulations!!
Apathy & Apologies...already sounds like a great song. What started as a brief hiatus, turned into a full blown case of apathy in regards to writing in these sacred spaces. For that I give you my sincerest apology.
we men with our trousers tented
The trouble is, Gordon Ramsey. The volatile, foul-mouthed celebrity chef relies too much on screams, insults, put-downs and manufactured drama to push his show along. Luckily, there is an alternative: "Restaurant Impossible," hosted by a pumped-up Brit named Robert Irvine.
The MiTM pressure washer is the leader in pressure washing technology today. It incorporates state of the art technology and ease of use for the consumer as well as quality standards which are the highest in the pressure washing industry!
“Agencies face overwhelming incentives to expand their turf by regulating, even in the absence of demonstrated need, because the only measure of agency productivity—other than growth in their budgets and number of employees—is the number of regulations they produce.”
Blessings to All~
Creating opportunities
And PS…if I’m not here this weekend, it’s because my computer died. In that case, I’ll be sure and blame the next car salesman I see.
Veronika Decides to Die - Paulo Coelho
Oldspeak:”Internet Privacy? What internet privacy?! CISPA would “waive every single privacy law ever enacted in the name of cybersecurity; allowing the military and NSA to spy on Americans on American soil goes against every principle this country was founded on.”-Rep. Jared Polis, (D) Colorado “One of the biggest differences between CISPA and its SOPA predecessor is that the Web blocking bill was defeated by a broad alliance of Internet companies and millions of peeved users. Not CISPA: the House Intelligence committee proudly lists letters of support from Facebook, Microsoft, Oracle, Symantec, Verizon, AT&T, Intel, and trade association CTIA, which counts representatives of T-Mobile, Sybase, Nokia, and Qualcomm as board members.”-Declan McCullagh Why did all these computer, internet and telecom corporations speak out against SOPA and PIPA, but are now falling over themselves to endorse a damn near identical threat to our civil liberties? PROFIT. They’re no longer subject to legal action and damages for sharing your private information with the military and surveillance state. (Which they have been doing unconstitutionally for some time now) “The bill immunizes ISPs from privacy lawsuits for voluntarily disclosing customer information thought to be a security threat. Internet companies are also granted anti-trust protection to immunize them against allegations of colluding on cybersecurity issues. The measure is not solely limited to cybersecurity, and includes the catchall phrase “national security” as a valid reason for turning over the data”-David Kravets. Even though in their earnest and sincere sounding “Privacy Statements” they promise not to.Reminds me alot of how the President uses “Signing Statements” where he’ll decide to veto or pass legislation and then draft a signing statement that expresses his intention to do the exact opposite of his publicly stated decision. Doublespeak par excellence. The internet is the last bastion of free, open, non-corporate controlled thought, news and information. Steps are being taken to change that, under the familiar pretexts of “National Security” and “Counter-terrorism” It must be controlled and surveilled constantly to eliminate potential threats to the Transnational Corporate Network. “Freedom Is Slavery”
This season I just couldn't resist making Butterbeer and Pumpkin Pasties, I had hoped to get better detailed photos, but the UK weather was as grey and raining as normal, but as anyone knows who collects my miniatures theres so much more detail once you see them in person, I have more photos to take but sadly its not looking much better today on the weather front either, does anyone know what happened to summer? If they do then could they please return it lol!
The hike certainly wasn't an mdot race, but it was just kinda great to reflect on that race a year ago, and everything in between. Clear skies, ocean views, and a good low impact work out. No complaints.
Japanese metallic teal/gold Iris drop seed beads
Jessica blogged:
★ Add free-hand drawing
“So I was told by Drake Barnstormer, the constable who retrieved the body, yes. There was a very terrible black knight in armor who was reaching for the poor man as we were escaping, but I did not turn around to see what became of him. I just ran.”
So, Johanne flew to Congo. She had never been to Africa. She went up to the orphanage and stayed overnight (by herself). Patric, well he called her mama. I remember Johanne telling me about her first meeting with him. That he was sicker than she realized, but then he asked her "will I have a cell phone in America and my own room?". And she realized, it was going to be okay, he's just a little boy, a sick little boy, but still a little boy.
Makes me a little nostalgic for the wacky Bachman, Perry, Cain days we enjoyed so much. What a privilege it was to witness that.
Finished with no outlay of money except paint.
“Having a swimming pool can increase the price of a home, but it also comes with extra responsibilities that not everyone wants. If you’re a senior citizen and not the active sort, you’d probably need to hire someone to clean and maintain the pool you’d probably never use.”
Do it for longton bus station for the shirt on yer back
This week I made a bunch of these activities for a busy bag exchange with some friends. For my two girls I took two slots in the 10-slot exchange, so I sent 8 of each away. I'm looking forward to all the loot that comes back!
Operator: Amtrak
Sensa claims the powder communicates with your brain and tells you that you're full faster so you don't pig out so much. So, if I sprinkle Sensa on my Hostess apple Fruit Pie, I'll only want to eat half the pie, not the whole thing! Hooray! Google tells me that I can buy Sensa at Costco, where I'll wager I can also pick up some bulk packages of Twinkies to sprinkle it on. It's a win-win situation! Or I could sprinkle the Sensa on my raspberry Zingers that Betsy Remarc got for me. It was a classic case of Divine Intervention: God moved in my heart to go for a super-long walk last Wednesday (6 miles!) and at the same time, God moved in Betsy's heart to buy me a box of Zingers. And so, you see, I had expended enough energy to eat several Zingers that night without feeling any guilt! The Lord sure does work in mysterious ways!
Peck peck peck pecks
Before I say anything else, I think I should admit that I’m surprised.
Who doesn’t let 2000 miles come between us
Don’t believe the lie that it should be easy.
in 2008 and John McCain got killed against Obama
In some of my recent posts, I mentioned Once*a*Month*Shopping... And I thought I would share how this works for us... I've taken pictures and thought about it a little bit, but I haven't gotten the post written up... So it'll have to wait!
My year long senior project finally came to a close last week so I am happy to say that I will be back to doing what I love (lots of photo shoots and photography!) this week as I finish my finals (for the final time).
I don't know about you, but I only have 21 more days of school!! Oh, it is bittersweet. I have really, really, enjoyed my kids this year and I will be sad to see them go. Summer brings free time... time for me to do some serious wedding planning (166 days to go!), play with my new Cricut, and hopefully purchase a house with my fiance. I know it will be a busy summer.
Want to show us what YOU can do? Playing along is as EASY as.....
Be Grateful
After that, no (or very little) running news here.
Wouldn't you agree? And...
Alex was nervous as he put on his bathing suit the next morning. He asked if our liability coverage extended to Germany? No worries, though, he did just fine keeping the two boys alive in the pool. Bad Dad showed up for a few minutes to sit at the side of the pool and encourage his son not to drown. Then he left again. We really like Bad Dad but man, he's a bad dad.
This week between Christmas and New Year's is always a good one for reflection and plans. Last week I started a new experiment with my to-do list and goals. I've been reading about the brain - how it likes novelty, and games, and new challenges ever day. And I've been reading about Kaizen, the idea that tiny steps of improvement and change can add up to big things. So I started adding one little chore to each day. Just a small something that I wasn't already doing, but wanted to.
Maybe some of you will remember this one: Back in 1997, an email began circulating around the web, stating that the internet would be shut down for 24 hours, from March 31 to April 1, 1997 for “spring cleaning.” The email explained that this was necessary to remove all the “flotsam and jetsam” the internet had accumulated and the work would be performed by five powerful Japanese built crawl bots who would purge the networks of dead emails, gopher sites, and inactive ftp’s and www’s. The message indicated it originated in the “Interconnected Network Maintenance Staff, Main Branch, Massachusetts Institute of Technology.” The email warned users that, during this time, “you should disconnect all devices from the internet.” Apparently a lot of people believed this since it was forwarded all around the world.
Mix about a shot's worth of apple cider vinegar in with a tall glass of your favoritus juice and slam it down. You could get all crazy like me and take white vinegar straight up but I don't recommend it.
Perverse, pseudo-intellectual liberal airheads with superiority complexes, that’s why.
Catherine’s sister Carolyn lived in an apartment in the basement of Westwood Town Hall, in Cincinnati, Ohio, another reported hot spot for spooks. The town hall is reported to be haunted by the ghost of a former security guard who hung himself in the building after he was fired. Some resources say the ghost is known as Willy, others say his name is Wesley. There are many reports of stage sets, costumes and orderly things found in disarray. Water faucets turn on by themselves and locked doors are unlocked, lights turn off and on and children have reported seeing a man on the ground and in the building.
We always participate in the Barnes and Noble summer reading program. We also love to visit the local library to attend their summer presentations and activities. The kids love to swim in our lake or go to the city pool for some chlorinated fun. Lastly, I busily plan for my upcoming school year. A teacher’s brain never really shuts off! There you have it…just a peek at some of our summer fun. See the summer fun list below to see what else we love doing to make wonderful memories.
letters.
from the woods. Listen. That was the last straw.
Existentialists such as Sartre and Camus, though opposed by Heidegger on different grounds, continued this line of thought further from its Nietzschean origins. When taken out of his political context, it is in this regard that I think Nietzsche may still be useful, contra Russell. The fact that Nietzsche put an end to metaphysics has led to questions as to the nature of our existence, which was expressed by Sartre as “existence precedes essence.” From a certain perspective, it even seems possible that Nietzsche’s philosophy has much in common with Russell’s Analytical school in that they, too, had no use for metaphysics. Their solutions to this problem differed, with Nietzsche prophesying and attempting to create a new morality “beyond good and evil”, and Russell adamantly advocating the case for logic, reason, and liberalism.
5. Tarceva has given me scary nightmares, the last one I had involved radishes
Despite this success though, there is more reason to believe that foreign managers aren’t the way forward for international sides.
Our Lord and Saviour JESUS CHRIST.
The bag comes in color "blue sea" as well, which obviously is in higher demand than warm sienna. The expected ship date for the blue sea is currently May 21st, 2012.
1/2 cup plain yogurt (I use Greek or regular)
Macrophage Inflammatory Protein (MIP-1) and also VEGF/TGF-b1 is known to occur in humans with neuro degenerative disease (Alzheimer's/Parkinsons's).
Oprah: “That’s not true?”
Max: 132
The important thing is to get something out of it and learn!
Our first runner up is Brother Mike M., who went above and beyond the call of duty with this little gem:
Again, tonight I cried. The death of Jesus changed all of humanity–whether you accept his love or not. The memory of his death and suffering is a piercing blow to our senses. But we all know that Sunday is coming and, therefore, in the middle of our tears, we lift our hands and hearts in resounding thankfulness for God’s love, mercy and grace.
People say that’s an overgeneralization, but consider. I finally broke. If it happened once, it’ll probably happen again. I’m too timid and nervous to actually be useful to any employer. I don’t have enough confidence to project authority. I’m awkward around people. I don’t have any interest in career paths that those typically labeled as awkward go into. I’m not an articulate speaker.
Schrader SM, Garry VF. Abnormal Sperm Morphology and Offspring Sex Ratio in Male Fungicide Applicators. International Workshop on Endocrine Disrupting Chemicals and Their Toxicological Evaluation. Presented in Tsukiba, Japan, Feburary 2001.
He kinda gave a nervous giggle, and told me I "was charming."
Let me give you an example....
you need to learn to accept her for who she is.
The “Family Problem-Solving Guides” are laid out in an easy to navigate chart that includes a full color thumbnail photo of the problem, a description of the symptoms, the diagnosis, and a list of solutions. The solutions are accompanied by the page number where you can learn more about the method they suggest….which brings me to the “Organic Solutions to Common Problems” section. Here they discuss solutions as simple as row covers and as complex as solving soil problems (Maybe not complex to you, but it is to me! Mention pH, Sulfer, Manganese…my eyes spin back in my head).
of evil is equally
The 2am train whistle
Book Club will meet today. Bring your “The Boy in the Striped Pajamas” book. See you after school in the library!
I'm grateful that author Harvey Araton has shared with us some autograph insights about the two stars of his new title.
Mr. Hitchens argues that the Bible is wicked because it contains violence, an odd concern from someone who supports bombing everything in the Middle East, probably including Israel. The argument is that the God of the Bible cannot be great because he himself sometimes destroys people in both the Old and New Testaments. According to Hitchens, the God of the Bible would be wicked, if he existed.
At least he had seen once more the beloved back.
I’m not exactly a Tebow fan, but his teams did win two conference titles and two national titles and he won a Heisman Trophy. In short, he’s the greatest player of our era.
crack
My birthday is this Sunday, so there is still time to join the challenge.
I had high hopes for Mockingjay after the improvement in Collins’ work in Catching Fire. I wasn’t expecting to be blown away, but I did expect something enjoyable to pass the time while battling a cold. Instead, I was delivered an increasingly implausible trainwreck that lost any semblance of its humanity and message, opting instead for shock value until the final twenty pages or so, at which point Collins seems to have went, “Oops! Better wrap this up!” and jammed a conclusion in.
older men (over 60)
Accessories: baker’s twine, buttons
Now, notice I used the term religion, and not God or spirituality. I have a great admiration for spiritual people who find peace and comfort in their beliefs and try to better themselves and help others. Christian, Buddhists, Muslim, Hindu-- I don't think it matters which path you follow, but rather how you live it. As John Lennon once said, "Whatever gets you through the night, man." (Don't be so impressed-- I got that from Forest Gump.) And contrary to what many believe about me, I am not an atheist. (My friend Christi would tell you differently, but that's just because I'm not Catholic.) I found God at a very young age, not through church (we never went to church growing up) or family, but on my own. I may not have the same ideas as others, but my relationship with God is between me and him, and I don't feel the need for anyone's approval about it.
Our next place was bigger but it was like living in a dorm. We knew everyone in the building. Remember Frenchie? Boy, he was a pain. There were wars between neighbours, friendships formed and people in my window - day in and day out! It was fun for a time, but we're much happier here.
"Oh. So zey saved you from ze starvations, and you sank zem by killing zem all and stealing ze lands? And zen, you make ze holidays because of ziss?"
As for the cadences, they are a blueprint. A good cadence caller can improvise a good cadence with a basic theme. For example, “Running through the desert” can turn into, “Running from my wife”.
Act authorizing the President of the Philippines to reorganize within one year the different Executive departments, bureaus, offices, agencies and their instrumentalities of the government, including the corporations owned or controlled by it. (Approved, October 4, 1946.)
Here is another example of how that plays out:
My favorite part of the video is when all the nice folks from around the neighborhood follow Osho down the street only to stop and belt the chorus with him.
In video news, CHIODOS have tapped renowned director Darren Doane (AFI, Jimmy Eat World, As I Lay Dying) to lens the clip for their second single "The Undertaker's Thirst For Revenge Is Unquenchable. (The Final Battle)" For the performance-based video-set to feature the band performing live on the rooftop of a local club--CHIODOS is inviting fans to participate. The video shoot will take place Tuesday, September 16 at The Crofoot (1 South Saginaw, Pontiac, MI 48342). Fans should arrive promptly between 3:00-4:00 PM to pick up a wristband for entry; shooting will begin onsite at 4:00pm and wrap around 8:00pm. Expect to hear news of the clip's debut soon.
Q uit looking at the future
Lonesome Dove ends with Call’s 3000 mile odyssey from Montana to Lonesome Dove, Texas to bury McCrae in Clara's orchard. Everyone he meets thinks Call was completely crazy to go to all that trouble, but he completes his mission because he gave his word to his friend.
Jackson wasn’t mad, only thankful. “I hold no grudge against the victim. I’m just thankful that they had DNA and they kept ours,” he said.
Say we accept Zadie Smith's contention that writing is forged from an author's personality, and that therefore the greater the personality the greater the novel. And say we accept that, while clearly some fifty-year-olds are idiots and some fifteen-year-olds geniuses, on the whole, in general, skills and personality are enriched by experience.
Merry Christmas and I hope you have a blessed year where your best of this year is the worst of next year!
Today's giveaway is perfect for Valentine's Day! Eberjey is a lingerie line that makes beautiful pieces that flatter real bodies. (I wore their chemises on our honeymoon.) They're offering one lucky reader a $100 gift certificate, so you could choose a gorgeous set or robe or chemise to wear to bed every night...Everything is so soft and sexy!
kenfrost.net.cn
So the best to approach New Brigade is to strip all that precedent that presides it and simply view it as an album that serves as the first impression for a band truly not known in the US. That means New Brigade is possibly one the best first impressions to ever be made. In a sense, its the same feeling I got when I listened to Cloud Nothings the first time, even if it triggered completely different emotions. The same immediate, yet strange catchy-ness that is attached to it that caught me off guard because it was their first release. "How is it possible for a band that just started to be this good already?"
The summary of the very dangerous situation at Rocky Flats in this report has been posted under Rocky Flats in Part 5 of this section of RADNET.
forceload: drv/sd
Rent the Runway is the ingenious idea of two students who met at Harvard business school, Jennifer Hyman, 30 and Jennifer Fleiss, 27 who wanted access to extended wardrobes without having to commit to purchases they might only wear once.
* Post your project on your blog or an online gallery (using code RRR35) and link it here with the Inlinkz tool below. Please provide a direct link to your post, not an entire blog.
Julee Schirmacher, 29, is one such wife who earns more than her husband as he searches for work and looks after the couple’s two young children.
When life gives you lemons (free time?), make lemonade (find something fun to do?); or else I’ll give you a dust cloth and a bottle of cleaning solution and then you can tell me all about how bored you are……..
I would have liked to have tried their Marsala Lambic that was available too but when I went back to the bar it had just finished.
"Legal & General has become the latest insurer to cut terminal bonus rates on with profits funds. The FTSE 100 company is cutting rates by between 5 and 9 per cent in the wake of falling and turbulent stock markets.
Ultimately, I’m one person, sitting here, tapping away with a sleeping dog beside me, on the afternoon of Good Friday. A relatively quiet day. Yet busy with the list of tasks above, and more besides. Life is certainly interesting right now!
PK-643 Boy Mates - 1-1/8" Set
You must learn to listen to your body and not expect anything but that your body knows what it is doing. My homebirth was so empowering. As mothers we need this experience.
Ultra-Left Childishness
as the middle aged man stood by, helpless to end his child's suffering.........
There's no enticement to read on. That's a form rejection.
I would really like to own this pair of boots by Miss Sixty, once again equestrian inspired. The bit clasp around the ankles is just so cute! I love it. I think Miss Sixty has become my favorite brand when it comes to boots. I ordered myself a new pair today, in brown. I am in desperate need of new boots, but I didn't want to settle for any other brand.
Earrings: LOFT
Still, I've learned many things from today's show. I've learned to always wear a bra on TV if you're a big girl and that it's OK to eat your own hands. I do feel such wisdom gained makes it a venture worthwhile.
People who want to make improvements to their credit should know of any inquiries on their credit report. Inquires are noted on your credit score.
Go to thrift store and get throwaway jacket for race day. Plus extras for future races. Wash and dry them.
» plug & play via Apple Bonjour, wireless-LAN
Current standings: (8/9) 43 points
(*As we have seen, a quick search of their records reveals that from 1851 on, the New York Times has never, ever used the term "white hispanic," except until March 2012, when it became expedient in their ongoing campaign to frame the Trayvon Martin killing in the predictable narrative of poor oppressed black youth vs. evil racist white society at large.)
and return again to hold you tight
Me and Mum took the day off work on Monday and I took her to The Deep in Hull, we had a lovely day and on the way home we called in at Hobbycraft, it's the first time I've been as there isn't one within an hour of where I live so I've never made that 'special trip' out to one, I only bought a few bits and pieces, one of which are the butterfly stamps that you can see in the middle of my desk. I must admit I was a little disappointed with the card making section, but I wonder if some of the other stores have a better selection as I had heard alot of good things, oh well it saved me some money as I really don't actually need anything.
It was so very frustrating. All these thoughts came into my head:
I was generally suprised at how quickly they worked and how nice my skin was afterwards. I really didn't think products from a highstreet chemist, that seem so gentle on your skin would actually work but I was pleasently suprised and recommend to anyone suffering from a bit of bad skin!
Holy time, day
The game place in the early 1920s and begins with your character (male or female) getting ready to rake up leaves when suddenly there house is destroyed by the foot of a giant robot. To say you’re character is startled is an understatement and you soon seeing Penny Arcades main characters Tycho and Gabe rushing after the thing. Encouraged by the disembodied voice known as the narrator you follow them and are soon dragged into their quest to find the giant robot known as the Fruit Fucker Prime. Along the way you discover darker secrets under the hood and encounter a cult of mines.
To all who have helped, all who have read and all who have supported me on this journey, you have my unending gratitude. The title of my blog is "An Ordinary American," and is epitomizes what we can do, as ordinary Americans, in this great nation by banding and standing together and being the best we can be.
*peace for right now
79. Rock Steady Freddy - Bohemian Rhapsody
What is my favorite animal?
So I'm waiting to see what'll happen if she does manage to persuade herself to stop.
Remove cinnamon stick.
6. Hot, buttered naan bread as a midnight snack
When I reflect about what I have learned from my life about working to end racism in South Africa, Israel and America, I am profoundly aware that I speak from the vantage point of a person that has enjoyed economic, racial and ethnic privilege. I was born into racial privilege in South Africa, I enjoyed ethnic privilege as a Jew in Israel, and for the past thirty-five years I have benefited as a white from racial privilege in America. The lessons I have to teach about ending racism are rooted in this experience of privilege.
This is soooo true. Admittedly, my attention seeking behaviours are much more self moderated now, in fact I can identify when they are occuring as opposed to being complete oblivious, but they still happen, and when I get the attention I crave I feel like I am in the spotlight, and feel embarassed and ashamed. It would be so much simpler to not crave the attention in the first place, but alas, BPD says that is not to be.
Good hearts,
Supplies - All CTMH except where noted - card size is 7" x 5"
And so I shall, tomorrow. Rain or shine (and, unfortunately, it looks like rain). One of my favorite nurseries had a great sale and I bought three more willow bushes with which to buffer the onslaught of the road traffic, dust, noise, ad nauseum. I did not make this decision lightly, as it means digging a sizable hole for each bush. There is a good reason that our area is filled with gravel mines.
Intrigued by the nature of dreams to conceal encoded meaning within surreal narratives; I decided to tackle the broad issue of control using a similar method.
In the Collection of Amy
BUT, I need your help!
One's free to watch life blur by in tedious black and white, but some of us thrive on the 7bn shades of colour that form the incomparable canvas of our common humanity.
Jackson and Cooper are always eager to hold Maggie.
Estonian Shawl
Our task force is tailoring it's recommendations to compliment the Chief's plan. There's only so much we - like all of us - can accomplish by calling the police for every little thing. We need to take responsibility for our neighborhoods and our downtown. Our Task Force is looking for community-based solutions which give us more flexibility in dealing with a range drug and crime issues. You can't just throw money at this problem. We need to be sma't about it.
I can’t believe I just did that. I was so sore and tired. I did it!!!! It wasn’t pretty but I did the best I could. I am loving Turbo Jam. I was so upset yesterday that I had slid back in the exercise department. Today, I was just so proud of myself for doing it.
I hate myself for so many reasons.
Of particular concern for downstream riparian societies in the most arid parts of the basin were the seasonal and inter-annual peaks and troughs. These would effectively control the prosperity of the riparian societies, almost wholly dependent on river flows for agricultural production. For up to eight millennia, the very unreliability of the flow has preoccupied communities.
* Meme Maker (YES RLY)
Alex (Romain Duris) and his sister (Julie Ferrier) break up couples for a living. They have a 100 percent success rate and only two rules: Never split a healthy couple, and never fall in love. But with a week to break up beautiful Juliette (Vanessa Paradis) and her seemingly perfect boyfriend, the rules start to bend, and soon the heartbreakers risk having their own hearts broken. This charming and glamorous romantic comedy veers from laughs to tears to tears of laughter. In French with English subtitles.
That the accuser will never have grounds for a civil suit is hardly a revelation; indeed, it’s far more likely that she’ll face charges for filing a false report or have to fight child custody issues.
Aurima, the stubborn and bitter German hostage with whom Marcus has fallen in love, sneers at him for not seeking vengeance and tries to kill Caligula herself. Unless Marcus turns her in, the enraged Caligula vows to punish him by demanding the suicide of his dishonored father. In the end, Marcus achieves what he desired – to prove himself a better man than his father – but realizes that in protecting Rome from Caligula, he can rely on no one but himself.
I ask because I rarely seek counsel.
5. My baby is FIVE. Okay fine, almost 6.
Anyway, I turned up for my first trip, heading out to Paris. Of course, as with any company that does this, information is regarded top secret, until the very last second you arrive to go. I never understood that logic. But I liked it because it gave a little mystery to the job.
He had a world of possibilities to choose from.
The strength of Mistry's story, and this adaptation, is how the fine line is juggled - or, shall we say, a FINE BALANCE is maintained - between what is real and what is fantasy. This isn't stereotypical post-colonial magic(al) realism (though that would have been nice too), but rather it's a sort of unreliable narrator - is Jimmy really a big-shot spy? Do the magical potions Dilnavaz concocts really what keep everyone safe? The film leaves these things ambiguous - sometimes frustratingly so. But that ambiguity, like the incoherence, is all part of the package. Look at this! Life is crazy! Just as the chawl's wall to the street goes from over-frequented public urination spot to religious mural and ad hoc shrine, things often just don't make sense. And you're not even sure how to feel about it.
That is when I noticed what I thought was the tail of a cat disappear into the bushes. The tail seemed odd for a cat but it was raining so I thought maybe the cat was all fluffed up. We live in the middle of a very suburban neighborhood where the area pets are limited to dogs and cats and the occasional bird.
Posted with WordPress for BlackBerry.
Spin Art
Composed of lightweight electrons
I’ve spent a great deal of time with myself and found out a lot about myself in the last few weeks. I’ve spent a lot of time looking at catalogs deciding which clothes I like, listening to Pandora, fine tuning the music I like (which I have found strongly depends on the mood I’m in), trying different flavors of coffee to find MY favorite coffee drink.
Here is another reason
However, I have not seen any school supplies featuring Senora Malaga.
So, hop on over to her site for one of my favorite appetizers to make – a grilled sausage and cheese plate. While you’re there, check out some of her great posts on food, fashion and general musings!
Jack: Okay. But, can I tell you the words?
Although I did cut mine 6 rows and 6 columns which made 36 pieces, I recommend to cut 5s to make 25 pieces. This will increase more rich and chocolaty flavor in your hot cocoa.
Stone Roses – Waterfall
More than a month of work ended with an evening of watch parties, final interviews with the candidates, a story with four bylines and a trip to Waffle House with my fellow beat members. (By the way, Waffle House with a bunch of reporters after an election at about midnight is hilarious.)
If you have a specialty beer store nearby, I encourage you to seek out the taste of Belgium. Or better yet, visit Brussels!
You would think, with that much practice, that I'd be on top of things by now.
It is not surprising that chess was invented in India. The sight of two armies massed against each other, eyeball to eyeball, is a common sight on the crossings. The entire road is blocked due the classic battle formation taken up by the opposing sides of the traffic flow, and the issue is resolved only through war – verbal and physical.
Each weekend, as I head home at around 2 am from working at a party, I see two or three young women drunk, alone and wearing barely a stitch of clothing.
I've talked for long enough...and I'm about to talk for two hours more! Personally I recommend downloading it from the original site, and listening to it when you can. I'm also under orders to tell you that it doesn't start getting really good until we become more comfortable at the 14:32 point. You can save yourself 14 minutes. Please also note that we have a few extra ready, and plan to make more, but I doubt they will be this long again.
Gardens could be accommodated outside of the geothermal community but the burial grounds not, so a solution needed to be found as to how to inter the departed. Since even above ground is warm here, the only solution are thick concrete and lead lined graves that sit on solid concrete bases… so even departing to another world is a kind of other worldly experience, the graves stand in surreal fashion in a surreal landscape…
In some ways we would say that our mission nears completion, as we approach a time when all of the work put in to release you from the control of the Illuminati is showing results. It is for you the end of the cycle of duality, and for us simply the means of clearing the way for the commencement of a new cycle. It will be a new beginning and follow a continuation of the raising up of your consciousness levels, to allow you to ascend to even higher levels. We too will be sharing those times with you and are very much a part of your future. We are assisting you to eventually become Galactic Beings, and that will be by you rightfully reclaiming your place with us.
4. Use a cart, even if you only have a few items on your list. If I remember correctly, a grocery cart weighs about 50lbs (sound heavy? My toddler weighs 26lbs!).
2. Abundance of Rain
I'll always remember the way Middlest screamed and screamed
Good stuff. My comic reading has been on hold for years. A nice side-effect of pneumonia is not being able to sleep, getting bored, and wanting something light to read that wont give you a headache.
Some may differ. But I think we should be “footloose and fancy free”. That or be seriously hunkered down for the duration with community around you. Community is the key.
young misfits, oppressed characters,
Pembina Institute is an environmental nonprofit think tank.
(the words to the song for those who either can't access the video, or for those who are deaf or hard-of-hearing)
All three of my kids pooped!!
Yet few would complain if I took a digital photograph of say the Mona Lisa because it’s obviously not the original. It’s in a different medium. So if I took a digital image off the web and printed it, it’s no longer the same medium, and therefore “not the same”, right?!
balsamic vinegar, 1/8 cup
The Avengersaurs. From left: Iron Brontosaurus, Captain Ameritops, Hulkasaurus Rex, and Ankylothorus.
And the longing to understand is swallowed up with His greatness. And the darkness so-heavy-it-taunts births hope. And the tears in the dark find their Promise, their Sunrise.
In The Gift of Fear Gavin de Becker explains how intuition can save your life and how the fear of making a scene or not being a "good" -- i.e, polite and quiet -- girl can cost you in life-long suffering. As one reader put it, "our powers of intutition are the best protection we have against violence."
Since there are many different product designs with age limited policies, it is very important for the client to understand what happens after the guarantee period ends. Another key difference is that age limited products offer more cash value than the typical lifetime guarantee product allowing owners to borrow that cash or take money out of the policy if desired.
Everyone had a good time sabering and watching in awe as they realized Haylee was just as strong as her brothers, taking a beating and giving it back ten times over. Her mean face was priceless...future boyfriends need to watch out!
Thanks again to my travelling partners Steve and Rob. Good guys, good friends. Sorry Dave and Pat couldn't make the trip this year. We'll try to make it happen next year.
So I really thought I'd start back blogging a few weeks ago, but the wheels were officially set into motion last Tuesday when I paid for my not so light lite fare at an airport restaurant. Much to my surprise, the top of the check said "LARGE PARTY". Uh, excuse me, I'm pretty sure I was the ONLY one at this table eating. What the butt, old lady. Talk about a major slash to the ego. Needless to say, my trip West started off with a bang. And I was in the mindset to take the large out of the party.
There is no national consensus.
Supplies: SEI Moonrise paper and tag, Cricut title, MS Punch, Prima Flowers
I know we often beat ourselves up on our mothering skills,(ok, maybe not, maybe we realize that we are not perfect...but being perfect sucks anyway!) but look around, I am pretty sure it's not hard to find kids a lot worse behaved than yours.....we must be doing something vaguely right.
This has been on my mind. I don't understand people without conscience.
I had to sand it down, all over which didn't take as long as I thought it would, then I used a natural beeswax polish on it, to give it a protective coat and feed the wood, I normally use the beeswax polish for turned wood, but it worked well on the chest.
*back in working mama days, it meant that I got off work at NOON and the weekend was about to start!
They were there, they witnessed His life when He was alive but also they witnessed His death. “Ok, it was nice with all those teachings but now He is dead…so let’s go on with our lives and teach our children the good teachings of this man”, I speculate that they should have said.
“Hij zit op Abrahams schoot” literally meaning “he is sitting on Abrahams lap” or “Hij is van voor Abraham” literally translated “he is from Abrahams time”, though in normal language nobody is going to think he really was born before Abraham and is still living today, though with English speaking people we do find a lot of problems in their understanding of “I was before Abraham”. When we in Dutch say “she was born before Abraham” we do not mean the same as Jesus did, because today it means that she is an old fashioned person. But you can understand it would give problems if people from another language would go and take it literally, thinking that this woman existed before Abraham.
Finally, the intro felt insecure and under-rehearsed. Although I think it was still a good idea to play it this way, I would have liked to have spent more time rehearsing it with Liam for both of us to get used to it properly.
February 29 is the birthday of Kal-el, also known as Superman. While only celebrating your birthday every four years would basically stink for the average human, it works out well for the Kryptonian hero: he's going to live a really, really long time!
But I’d sure like to.
So it was Monday today ( or maybe it is still for where ever you might be, who knows you might be trapped in a time loop doomed to an eternity of Monday blues …wow I feel sorry for you man) Anyhow, Monday.
Of course, the crowd means they will gladly take the guilt of killing Jesus. His death is justified. He is a law-breaker and blasphemer. He incites riots and disturbs the peace. Look at the company he keeps: he likely has some hidden sin. If he really is God’s son then he can save himself. But he won’t. This guy is a ruffian. We’ll answer for spilling his blood.
Interestingly, all of my correspondence with them has been from their Social Media Team. All of my talking to various GE “consumer advocates” via telephone didn’t produce much in the way of results. However, when I published my concerns for all the world to read (well, maybe not quite; I only have a little over 100 followers), somebody took notice.
Reports from Akumal are saying the season has begun. As all of you must know, Akumal is the Mayan word for place of the turtle. North Akumal has two bays, Half Moon Bay and Akumal Bay, and both are the nesting grounds for turtles.
Perhaps it was the poor sentence in the former case that got the Mail hot under the collar, but the latter ended in the death of an IT worker on Halloween last year yet received comparatively little coverage. The CCTV footage of the attack can be viewed here.
Last weekend I was signed up to run the 30k race at PCTR's Pirates Cove. The plan then was to run those 18+ miles at race pace then running another 20+ miles on Sunday at a slower pace. However I decided a couple of days before the event that because the weather was going to be bad I would just do the bulk of my mileage on Saturday so I had less to run on Sunday. This was the main reason why I moved up to the 50k distance on race day.
It's that time of year again. Yep, YFC drama competition time. This year the theme is pantomime and I am amazed to think that I've been involved long enough to think 'Oh no, not again.' (Panto, I can assure you is not my favourite genre.) Chirbury and Marton have chosen 'Jack and the Beanstalk'.
Detaining Maurice Kirk will and never will bring a conclusion to the varying injustices that he has suffered at the hands of so called Authorities who are power crazed and blatantly out of control and through desperation will do anything within their powers to conspire, collude, call it what you want to block a significant insurance claim (as these authoritarians, due to the fact that even the Chief Constables have had their hands in the pie), are uninsured. This saga is nothing more than trying to break him in order to cover up what ignorance which is already within the MAPPA documents – some of which I have included.
Juan Felipe Herrera – Exiles of Desire
Look at it once in a while,
This thanksgiving season, some of us, take time to reminisce on the reasons as to why we ought to be thankful, while many are caught in the flurry of the season with sales-buster shopping, cooking turkeys and partying with friends, all of which, in and of themselves are okay as long as they don’t become the focus of the season. I was wondering today as to the reasons why I should be thankful and also pondering on what I should be thankful for.
I tried to tell him that we had to forget what had happened and get on with it. Its not like the way he says it is and he would find another girl…a better women than me!
Seau, 43, spent 20 seasons in the NFL, most recently playing for the New England Patriots from 2006-09. He was a 12-time Pro Bowler and 10-time All-Pro. The fifth overall pick in the 1990 draft, Seau was inducted into the USC Ring of Honor and the Chargers Hall of Fame, and he looked to be a lock for induction into the Pro Football Hall of Fame, for which he becomes eligible in 2014.
This is it for now. I did a little too much today so my hand hurts a bit. I need a beer and Wallflower is home so I want to have some time with her before going to bed.
Last week I was fortunate enough to get into the Diablo 3 Closed Beta. I have never played any of the Diablo games, nor have I ever played hack-and-slash game before, so I was excited to try it out. Joining late in the beta I didn’t see any bugs as some of the earlier beta testers may have, so the Beta feels what I think the final release product will be like. Diablo 3 is really well polished and I am excited to play it live.
It needs at least one polish before I send it out to betas, and I'm not sure the first act doesn't need a bit of rocket fuel, but overall I'm pleased with the book. It's more complicated than everything else I've written, it's the first novel I've written from a detailed and thorough outline (which helped a lot, despite the fact that I deviated from the outline to the tune of 10-15,000 words), and I think the good bits are the best stuff I've yet written.
I just wanted to give a shout out to Michelle, you can find her blog here. In the last couple of days her IVF cycle was canceled. Go over and give her some encouragement, she is a wonderful lady and when I read it, I was so bummed for her!
“Yes, he’s my boss.” Gunther’s deep, sea green eyes darted back and forth.
Schools in the state of Uttar Pradesh SMS back the details of their daily distribution and the government has the info right away rather than years later. Here’s hoping such monitoring—and the improvements that should follow—will eliminate the spectre of dead serpent surprise in the daily meal and ensure more kids have a chance at good health and an education.
In arriving at that conclusion, the SIU interviewed a civilian witness and eight officer witnesses, as well as reviewing a video of the arrest that was posted on YouTube.
Chew on these blessings from God. But be careful! Don't expect to swallow them in one big gulp! They are quite a mouthful! After all, they are the words of Jesus!
Gradually, though, a plan developed. Led by one of the more experienced and capable platoon leaders, the plan took shape over several nights of semi-lucid discussions. Xu Guan had been fortunate enough to be sitting at the campfire of the platoon leader when he first broached the idea with some of his trusted confidants.
In my posts over Easter, I mentioned that Mum was helping me with a couple of sewing projects... well one of them was a quilted wall hanging using a beautiful piece of blackwork stitching that my friends Kerry, Kayla, and Debbie made for me. (There's a story behind this piece of stitching in that I had arranged for the four of us to stitch a blackwork 'round robin'- ie we would divide our piece of fabric into four and each stitch a quarter of each other's design- but I got rather stressed out trying to choose a design, I had a few false starts, and in the end I couldn't get organised in time so I said I would stitch on the other three RRs without making one for myself. Well the lovely ladies thought that it wasn't fair for me not to have a finished piece- even though it was my own fault for being rubbish about it!!- and they stitched me this wonderful piece as a surprise, so a big thank you again to Kerry, Kayla, and Debbie!!)
Here is a link to youtube that shows a good tutorial video.
The reason is that our home still needs a lot of work.
It still seems baffling to me that he was only capped 17 times by England, especially when you consider the paucity of talent in the country during his playing days.
Today I'm sharing my newest listing with you. This is a large bracelet, however, I can adjust it to fit all sizes. Pretty In Purple Bracelet. It is a really lovely piece!
Contact the Library for a copy for this article.
Facebook says to prospective employees . . .
Galleys.
In between waiting for layers of paint to dry I have been organising a Textile event due to take place on Saturday March 3rd in the Trull Memorial Hall. This has come about from the comments of local friends asking for something to take place in Taunton (our local town). Details can be seen here on The Vintage Bazaar Blog. It should be a fun event with 20 stalls piled high with Textiles, Linens, trimmings, buttons & bits. Admission is 50p. Hope to see you there!?
4/4/12 Update: One of the families profiled in this article has decided to lend her own voice to the story. "Debbie" writes an immensely popular blog here, and posted about her story this morning.
50.Tony Cox-On The Way (Self-Released)
I have had to learn to speak in a different tone and manner for each child and I need to speak to them in the way that they each understand. Autism is not a one-size-fits-all diagnosis and my kids all present incredibly differently when it comes to autism specific quirks. Throw in a spectrummy husband and daughter and the translating alone becomes a full-time job.
I have decided to do a series of posts on how to knit a sock. When I first became interested in learning how to do this, I was overwhelmed by the variety of ways there are to knit a sock...top (cuff) down, toe up socks, countless ways of casting on, using double pointed needles, two circular needles, one circular needle, numerous options for knitting the heel...it was truly confusing and I struggled to find information that took me through the process step by step. I am quite sure that there are probably MANY references that I just didn't come across, that you may be aware of, but it was a long journey, learning and adapting what I found , to what worked for me.So, I will be doing a bunch of "walk-you-through-a sock-KAL" posts, specifically in the way I like to knit a sock. By no means is this the only way...just the way I like to do it :)
Oh, and my favorite, the guy who posted a picture of himself, STILL WEARING HIS WEDDING RING.....he was NOT a widower.
P.S. If you're wondering how these wash. I just washed mine and they did great. Just remember to follow original washing instructions for the sweater you re-fashioned. Depending on what fabric you choose to line the inside with, you might need to re-press it after each wash. If you use a cotton fabric like I did you shouldn't have to worry about that.
1. I have lived in 4 states (Montana, Kansas, Oklahoma, South Dakota)
A wide variety of plans are now available from Spanish lenders. You may borrow half the value of the property and pay back nothing until the property is sold or you die, at which time the full amount plus interest becomes due. Your heirs can repay the loan and take possession of the property or sell the property and repay the loan, dividing up whatever is left over. As the loan is a charge against the property, the inheritance tax is greatly reduced.
Sean -
“It is expedient for you that I go away, for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send Him unto you.”
The proposals were never shown to the other media groups in the UK nor to us; and although they were announced in a Fox News broadcast on Thursday night, Murdoch did not wait to make comment on them, but ordered his henchmen to cross the frontier and pay flipping great wadges of cash for BSkyB shares.
Then I put a jump ring through the wholes and then attached it onto my ribbon necklace.
We're so glad you've come back again today and want to thank you all SO much for your excitement, support and lovely comments on yesterdays post!
10. The very happiest and most joyous moments of my life have been when I am in the company of family and/or friends. The very saddest and heartbreaking moments of my life have been when I am in the company of family and/or friends. Of both, I have had and continue to have countless happy moments, and of the sad moments, I have had just enough. . .
In the break-up melee, I got a message that was like: it’s sad to see friendships dissolved because we are loyal to one side or the other. That got me thinking about this term, loyalty, and about the things and people to which we pledge our allegiance.
P.S It seeems Cooper shares my love of beautiful old machines- you can see his hand sneaking up to touch it in the last photo :)
I can only conclude that for those few Parisiens who remain here, the unalienable right to sit at a café terrace, basking in the last remaining sun rays of the season, sipping on a café crème or vin rouge, puffing away on a fag while viewing the streetside arena passing in front of them .... has mercilessly been taken away. Not even a perfectly planned manif or grève could right this situation.
Breaux is about an hour away, just south of Harper’s Ferry. This 1999 Cabernet was still doing very well for its age. It had the berry taste that the back label described, even after 13 years. The smoky oak was still there. DH swore he picked up the anise that the label described, but I didn’t. All in all, a softer version of a young cab, perfect to compliment big, tomatoey tuna with a pesto that stood up and said, look at me.
In a culture that recognized many gods (idols), our God sought to distinguish Himself in a way that: His people would be encouraged, the Egyptians would be convinced, and His Name would be magnified!. The “signs” and “plagues” were not wrathful demonstrations; rather, they were authoritative demonstrations of the power of God (because the Egyptians worshipped the power of gods)…that would testify of the greatness of God…and demand a thoughtful response to Him.
When Andersen Press said they wanted The Long Weekend, I literally choked on my sushi, which I was eating while I was working! I would say that you have probably never met any debut author as naïve as me. To say I wasn’t internet savvy would be a gross understatement. I didn’t know any writers, was not a member of any writing group, had never heard of SCWBI or the SAS, or SoA, and as for Facebook and Twitter, or any other type of social networking, well, they were utterly alien to me!
In theory I like big bundts too. But therein lies the problem. Bundts are big. A bundt recipe make a whole lot of cake. Countless slices can be hewn from one massive ring of cake and hardly make a dent. (Luckily, most bundts freeze well, so you can spring the same cake on your unsuspecting friends and family in the future.)
the power of a song … you don`t know how much I believe so
for schools where foreign tongues predominate
I was overruled and instead watched as bit by bit, workers inched along the wall, tugging each long-forgotten fastener out of ornately designed wood and plaster. Gingerly they extracted each length, ever- expecting to come to the end of one strand and the beginning of another. But they never did. It was one string of lights. Each bulb was part of a much longer line. The labyrinth of bulbs resting on polished wood floors had to be handled with care. Methodically they tugged, let the lights down, moved the ladder forward a few feet, went back up, tugged again, let more down. It seemed to take forever. In the end, only one bulb hit the ground hard. That bulb, with its contents under pressure, EXPLODED against the floor and sent shards of thin glass in all directions. In an instant, a long-forgotten ornament burst with a bang. And when they were all gone, carefully packed away, the room took on new brightness. I wondered why I had ever wanted them to stay. They had been incongruous with the room’s finally unfettered beauty. Though difficult, taking them down had been more than worth it.
My plan worked. Blimey. All those months ago, someone I just met saw a future, and I liked it. I made a decision, an act of will, to make that future happen. It was a low point in my life, and I took on something that seemed so daring – impossible at times. I’m a risk taker by nature, but this was a big one, the biggest really. But we made it. It worked. Hot damn!!
Mildred Packer, apparently floating or hovering, on the porch of the Community Center, 18 long years after her death….
We hope others can get as much enjoyment out of the clothes as we have had in creating them.
So they said to him, “No, but we will bind you fast and give you into their hands; yet surely we will not kill you.” Then they bound him with two new ropes and brought him up from the rock.
A few days ago I read Tyler Perry’s account of his encounter with the police after he made an illegal left turn from the right lane on his way to the airport. Mr. Perry wrote that he was taught by his security team to drive in an erratic manner to throw off people who might be trying to follow him. A man of Mr. Perry’s prominence can’t be too careful. Anybody could be trying to hijack him for whatever reason. Mr. Perry would be an attractive target for anybody looking to kidnap somebody with deep pockets for ransom. Mr. Perry’s problem was that he did his trick traffic maneuver in front of a police car.
I had three dream fragments that were about three things, but I only remember that two of the things involved a presentation/or something like that would be used with the second thing to create a distraction/or something like that; but that is all that I can remember, and these three things appeared in some of my later dreams.
Richard Russo, The Risk Pool – he understands families and small towns
If you ask me, Upper Deck was just part of an all-around so-so year for card designs. Sure, 1994 Fleer was awesome, '94 Score had the neat blue borders, and I smooch '94 Finest with all of my carnival-midway-loving heart. But '94 Topps is one of my least favorite Topps designs ever, '94 Donruss is boring as hell, and '94 Bowman had way too many full-bleed close-ups of boys in necklaces.
“They’ll stay in Hell,” he said as easily as telling someone the time of day.
It is the first ‘command’ rank hence the apparently unusual cultural practice of PCs and Sergeants addressing this officer as ‘Sir’ or ‘Ma’am’, more informally as ‘the boss’.
Little Claire's have released their club satmp for May and oh! they are so cute? The set includes a gorgeous stamp featuring King Robert & Queen Daisy and a fab circle sentiment. Also there is a pack included with materials and instructions to make a complete card and instructions to make two more. Here are the details of how to join the club.
Money was a huge issue during the two years I tried to make joint custody work. Funds from my ten-year marriage were fast depleting from constantly defending myself in court and trying to give my kids the standard of living they were used to. I was ten years out of the work force and ten years behind in my skill sets as a property manager. I could not rely on any semblance of a regular schedule, so all jobs — even at minimum wage — were out. Who would hire a woman who had no way of knowing when she could even work? I had to work with what I had. I am a good writer, so I applied for blogging jobs. Soon I was spending my available time writing about parenting at Babble.com and three other parenting sites. Available time? Three days a week, I had three hours in the morning while everyone was at school, assuming no one was sick that day. I also had nights after 10pm, after all my kids were in bed. Unless someone had a nightmare. Or a pressing life question. Or needed a drink of water. Or couldn’t sleep. I was spending hours per day, all my available “free” time, making just $30-40 a day. Hoping things would get better.
My life has been kicking into high gear lately.
QUIRKS: Gory plastic surgery set to music. Crazy professional ethical situations the likes of which you’d never imagine. Medical oddities, transsexuals, fetishists, swingers, lesbians, sex addicts, sex addiction, drug addiction, serial killers, organized crime, abusive police, gangsters, rich powerful people, Scientology, Hollywood.
After that Cassini won’t be playing amongst the moons again for three years, so images like this will be a rarity for a while.
“I had the Midtown Theater District restaurant that was kind of square, and he had the hipper, downtown West Village restaurant that cool people went to.”
loving this stitch
I’ve recently become aware of rumors that neo-Nazis will be attending the demonstration. This would be troubling indeed were it to occur. The potential for violent conflict between Nazi infiltrators and the Antifas could be deeply damaging to our cause. This would be especially true for the Defence Leagues, which stand four-square against Nazi-type ideologies and their adherents.
I'm very anxious to start draping pine boughs throughout this old house.
Of course if she hears the words, cars, TV and bye bye she gets excited. So, she soon forgot about our failed beach excursion and started picking out her outfit to wear to Cars.
Subculture
Some alterations show the influence of painting over the composition of photograph, some cropping and brushing serves simply to create pleasing compositions, but most of the revisions seem to come from extra-aesthetic reasons either political or personal. In one publicity photo, Mao walks next to a gentleman and waves to the public. Mao is taller than the man and dominates the scene with his inherent charisma and personality. This man, however, is eliminated from the photograph anyway. Who was that man? Why was he removed? Can we safely assume that he fell out of favor with the Chairman or is this just our bias in viewing the working of a so called “communist” mentality? Another photograph shows a group of aviators posing in front of combat jet. The altered photograph shows that three of the men have simply vanished. This is the shadowy world of images, the working of those behind closed doors that can never be known.
DARWIN'S immigration detention centre is already over capacity just weeks after it started housing asylum seekers.
Howz your mid week going? Mine is passing by with some crafting, some house cleaning and some writing amidst the chilly weather :). Ohh!! and there is nothing delectable than a fav cuppa of freshly brewed coffee to keep the engine running..lolzz. And this also takes you to another weekly challenge of Freshly Brewed Challenges. This week, you are going to take out some glitters and sparkles from your stash and use them to dazzle your projects :).
I don't take medicine aside from the very occasional Advil or Tylenol (we're talking once a year, maybe). So how do I deal with a cold?
That UFO and Our lives are not connected.
As tradition dictates Easter weekend is potato planting time. Whilst waiting for a potato mix to arrive for my show potatoes which I’m growing in bags (Casablanca, Bonnie & Kestrel) I need to get on and plant the rest. I’d like to put some in my allotment as they’re good for working the ground which was pretty compacted when I took over. Most of the seed potatoes I have are 1st and 2nd earlies, Aarron Pilot, Lady Christl, Charlotte, Salad Blue with Pink Fir Apple as well. So planting now will mean some lovely spuds to eat in late July through to September.
video synopsis on this adult romance ebook by: Cherry A.
As expected the story goes in line with Five Point Someone by Chetan Bhagat, the only difference being the names of the institutions.
Using an electric mixer, mix 1 1/2 minutes. scrape the sides of the bowl and the beaters and mix and additional 30 seconds. Whisk the ginger in the refrigerate for a few hours before serving.
I was so groggy this morning that I didn't realize I'd published it under my "other" title of museum examiner, not frugal grocery reviewer. But it published in the right section so I'm going to leave it be.
Sources: Grateful thanks to funfunky.com, Steve (Fellowship Of The Minds), headbutler.com, poemhunter.com, openclipart.org (PeterM, Gerald_G, DooFi, pitr, johnny), amazing-animations.com and Wiki
I figured I talked about the X chromosome when I wrote about X linked traits, why not talk about the Y chromosome? Only males have a Y chromosome and it is considerably smaller than the X chromosome. This means that it contains much less genetic information (which is why females have Barr Body formation).
