So those are my latest faves. What about you? What have you read lately that you've absolutely loved?
It travels well, and I can visit and stitch at the same time :-)
The Left, and their allies in the media, are rearranging the deckchairs on the Titanic, to use a well-worn phrase. Everywhere, Western Civilisation is in decline and these folk seem determined to help it on its way.
UK GAMES RETAIL REVIVES ITSELF. FOR NOW…
but never does it speak
Abbie on the roof and Hector looking bemused
Dealing with the lack of care from the ‘caring’ profession has been almost as hard as dealing with the injury. Knowing in your bones that you are ill, but its not being acknowledged or taken seriously is, as many people sadly know, extremely distressing. In my case, if I had received the appropriate care on the day of the accident and in the weeks immediately following, I feel sure that I would be closer to recovery now and that the past eight months would have been more bearable. It was only after seeing three different doctors over the course of the year that I summoned up the resolve and mental energy, in November, to go to a fourth GP and ask for a referral to a specialist. This week, at last, I saw a neurologist. He made it clear that I should have been referred to neurological specialists on the day of the accident or as soon as possible thereafter. It is, he said all too common for significant brain injuries to be overlooked by primary healthcare professionals (your GP, in Britain) and for patients to have to cope alone, being eventually – if at all – referred to neurology months too late to be helpful.
We want to see you use YOUR COPICS, ProMarkers, other alcohol markers or Colored Pencils!!
However, the presence of so many megawatt acting talents in one small film was just a little overwhelming. Almost too rich for the blood.
While I was glancing at Studious Burrito I ran my car into the back of a Ford Focus, being driven by an old Asian lady. Hooray world, for your delicious irony.
Actual Recipe:
I had dinner tonight with some engaging and interesting people who happen to be clients.
Before I relate my experience, let me give a little background story. I’m in my late 40s, overweight, wear hearing aids, have silver hair, and I’m single. Hot, huh? Because I speak like a normal hearing person AND play a musical instrument, people do not comprehend that I have a hearing loss. Vocational Rehabilitation categorizes me as having a severe disability due to my hearing loss, but normal hearing people just think I have a little trouble hearing due to the normalcy of my speech. My audiologist informs me had I grown up with the level of hearing loss that I now have, I would be using sign language only and would have “deaf” speech. For me, listening to speech requires intense concentration with a focused stare at the speaker’s lips. This staring has been misinterpreted many times, usually by people close to my age.
She nodded, desperate.
And a man who lies with a male as one would with a woman both of them have committed an abomination; they shall surely be put to death; their blood is upon themselves.
On Wednesday there were no reports of humans catching plague in San Diego County, officials said.
Join Linda Malcolm from Lost Coast Designs on Monday, March 12th and she'll jumpstart your creativity with a unique journaling activity. She'll have you thinking outside the box as you add stamped images, collage elements, doodles, poetry, favorite quotes, etc to a beautiful text featuring pages and pages of ethereal cloud imagery. She'll get you started, but don't worry, you'll have lots of room to add your own creative elements for days to come. Journaling is an energizing way to start the day or a therapeutic way to end it. Class includes the journal. Visit the shop to see the fabulous class sample!
6 front
The most effective of the web stay porn, grownup webcams & sex chat. Benefit from the firm of sizzling webcam models, attractive nude cam girls, lesbians, guys & couple sex.
silently down
I luv my childhood very much.
While a bit simplified, we can boil down the main difference between management and leadership to be: Leadership is about leading people and influencing behavior. Management is about managing processes and securing results.
chocolate covered almonds (protein AND antioxidants!)
I’m ready to tear my hair out with software craziness today so had to have some fun here.
Arizona has received a court letter about Zola’s stay at the hospital because there is a conflict of interest since both Meredith and Derek work at SGMW. Karev is pissed off because first they take her away from her parents and now they are also taking her away from her doctors. He’s taking matters into his own hands by visiting Family Services. He’s putting in a request for information on her case and the woman behind the counter tells him that he needs to do it in writing and that it can take up to eight weeks before it gets looked at. Alex wouldn’t be Alex though if he didn’t try to find a different approach to tackle the problem. He searches for someone to give him information and basically bribes his way into the office by promising a woman – who can give him the information – to get rid of her mole for free. She gives him the name of the judge who will be looking over Zola’s case and tells him that he’s at the hospital for chemo. Karev continues on his quest and finds the judge. He talks to him but the judge tells him that what he’s trying to do is a crime. Karev shrugs it off and leaves.
2. Beat egg yolks with whisk until thick and light colored. Add half the sugar, beat together until light and fluffy.
Now, I know thou shall not smoke is slowly turning into some kind of 11th commandment but for those who can’t keep their fingers away from the occasional tobacco there is always the option to do it in style…
Add some lace or ribbon.
There are a lot of books and even DVDs on this subject and I own pretty much all of them. I agree with some, pull advice from others and disregard some. Massad Ayoob is one of my favorite authors on the subject, but you'll notice our four steps don't completely align with his. Ayoob says you should tell the officer "you'll sign the complaint", but most folks around here just want the perpetrator "arrested". One book I read last year indicated that you should call your attorney first and have your attorney call 911. If you do that and end up in front of a jury on a man-slaughter or murder charge, you better enjoy windows with bars... 'cause the jury will think you're the most callous jerk they've seen... IMHO.
Level 10: MP Cost: 36, Duration: 120 seconds, Damage: +20%, Critical Rate: +14%, Minimum Critical Damage: +5%, Attacks up to 1 enemy.
Helen xxx
stronger.
and everything in between.
Because of his experiences in the operational areas, especially on border farms, he has plenty of tips for farmers. He suggests that many are “under-dogged” — a word he has invented. “All very well having these little yappy things underfoot,” he says. “True, they make a noise, but what is needed is big, fierce, Alsatian or Labrador-type dogs — I’ve often known terrs running from dogs like that. And they must sleep outside, it’s no good having them indoors.”
Truth be told, I've been hungry before. REALLY hungry. For about six months back in 1998, in the midst of severe personal crises, I was lucky to get more than one meal a day. I was struggling to find enough work and didn't have enough money to cover the expenses I had. But through the kindness of other Christians, my basic needs were met. And with very trying times coming upon our country and the rest of the world right now, Christians can again be on the frontlines, meeting needs and ministering to people in the name of Christ.
Section C applies to what anti-whites are doing to my race:
Merry Christmas and congrats!
Spinach
Pull: Simplex T-Bar.
When I was in grad school, I wound being part of a team that went to another to debate a Baptist preacher on the subject of baptism. OK, so my part on the "team" was to flip overhead transparencies as they were called for; there were over 300 charts prepared in advance and many more were created ans the debate progressed, so this was little job. And I was also permitted to sit in on the strategy sessions for each night's debate... provided that I kept very quiet.
I signed up for their referral program, so if anyone is interested in doing this, send me your email address and I'll send you an invite! padawansguide at gmail dot com
With temperatures pushing over the 110-degree mark here, I moved a bottle of Great Divide Brewing’s Hibernation Ale from the bullpen to the refrigerator and come 3 or 4 in the afternoon, with the day’s temperature pushing its maximum, I popped the top and poured it out.
It reminded me of something I have said several times over the years...the easiest thing in the world to do is nothing. It takes courage to change.
D happily in, I spoke to the teacher of the boy that hit her yesterday. Her reaction was that as it wasn’t on school property (it was just outside the door, as he went past her, 3 deliberate hits), it was the responsibility of the transport escort. She did admit that the boy does hit within school though. I’m not expecting too much, just to be able to reassure my child that I’ve expressed my concerns to someone.
just above her hem
It is a love-hate relationship. I feel more and more discouraged at the beginning. But the feeling of enlightenment upon finding the solution is priceless. This feeling has not changed since grade 10. It is a great reminder of why I chose to go into CS.
PIZZA!!!!
Lives in: Fort Worth, Texas
I love you, Sweetheart! Make it an INCREDIBLE day, Everyone!
Asian-American academic achievement: understanding the truth behind the myths is essential for all learners, including Asian Americans.” Phi Delta Kappan 90.5 (2009): 338-345. Print.
He learned how to care and not look down – because he looked up.
½ teaspoon chili powder (not too much if you're a wussy like me)
Just when you thought you could wind down from Christmas, we are just getting started on birthdays! Today is my youngest daughter's 7 birthday! My older daughter Hunter, will be 14 in 2 days. My dad's is on the same day as Hunter's. And finally I bring up the rear with my birthday on January 5th. Needless to say, I have been furiously trying to get all birthday cards finished.
Crosby, Stills & Nash Marakesh express US
In some ways, this is fitting… This is likely to be my last big trip in a car that has served our Scotland adventures so well. A change of job will see me in London more and more and the motor will sit on the drive, gathering dust and rust and costing me money. I’m trading it in for a Brompton.
Trouble was also reported in San Francisco, where activists taking part in a march on Monday night were accused of smashing windows and vandalizing cars along their route. Demonstrators backed off their pledge to occupy the Golden Gate Bridge.
That is, if he can find my hiding spot!
I like space.
What? Who’s bitter?
On top of loosing my family, on top of having my life torn asunder, not once but twice, I was being forced to leave. To go back to a school where everyone remembered me as a bit of a geek, not the cool kid I was in Houston, where my friends had turned on me over and over again, and where Abigail would not be beside me ready to knock someone's block off. I was going to loose the person I loved most in the world, my Bestest Buddy.
There are two responses (broadly) to an argument such as this. The first response is to point out that the argument is itself a theology. It is a structured way of thinking about God. The problem, however, it is that it is a theology of ignorance. Consider this: if I were to tell you to “Stop thinking!” I wouldn’t actually be telling you to cease all thought; rather, I would be telling you to think a certain way. I am telling you to think the way I want you to think. In the same way, this argument isn’t actually against ‘theology,’ it is rather the proposal of a different theology—one that ignores the details and ‘gets the work done’ (whatever that means). In laziness or apathy it spurns the difficult work of real theology (which seems immaterial) in favor of what it perceives as real value. It argues that we should exchange good theology for sloppy theology.
One of the things I enjoy most about my Kindle is the dictionary feature. If your bring the cursor to a word in the text, the definition pops up at the bottom of the screen. Hit “return” and it takes you to an expanded expose of the various meaning of the word. .. wonderful feature for word-addicts like those of us who write.
Tuesday: 10.55 miles at a 10:20 pace. I met my friend Sarah for a run on the DesPlaines River trail. Her knee has been bugging her, so we took it easy (10:48, 11:32, 11:05, 11:15). Her knee twinged in the second mile, but loosen up after that. After Sarah left, I picked it up for a few (9:45, 9:31, 9:44, 9:34) but then I got really tired, so I slowed down at the end (10:00, 10:09, 10:37 for the last bit).
11:00 AM: Second coffee
RES Exam - SGD 230
He added that if the tactic worked well the ANC might expand it to other things whites cared about.
My brain is tired.
3. Sure, you CAN play Call of Cthulhu using Toon, but it’s not a great idea. In an ideal game the system and the setting form a closed loop. The rules support and embody the setting and the setting informs and helps define the rules. Form follows function, if you like.
But also for my sibbies
Back in 1854 the murders were so shocking that missionaries, philanthropists, and historians of the day, as well as some of the press in the Cape, decided that it would be best to conceal the true nature of the barbaric acts. (For the sake of keeping the peace – what else?) At the same time, one of the murdered men namely, Hermanus Philippus Potgieter, the brother of the Voortrekker leader Andries Hendrik Potgieter, was blamed as a contributory factor in the tragedy.
-fabric and felt
Miss C: I'll just be a girl.
After baking sprinkle with powdered sugar.
Keane and her daughter Bronwyn were in the car when the accident occurred.
Today, there are over a dozen companies that make running shoes. They used to be really bulky and heavy but have become really lightweight, especially with the barefoot craze that is sweeping the globe today.
Alas, I must bid you farewell for now. Until next time, I’ll be living happily ever after…
I liked these a lot and would make them again, but I don't know if they quite topple my favorite recipe. Still, they are totally worth a shot, so give them a try if you have a free hour. Oh, and what's written below is half the recipe, which makes a lot of cookies!
Author/Creator: 3015 North Studios/Jay Smith
feature new typesetting and design, two-color offset printing on fine paper (likely 80# Finch), 7×10 inch oversized pages, and smyth sewing…and nearly 30 original pieces of art by Richard Kirk, who has illustrated other projects by Clive Barker as well as Earthling releases by China Mieville and Christopher Golden.
I’d pull you through and make you mine.
We took away that man's voice. He knew. He is the victim of abuse and his wife is abusive. In the process, we took away the kids' voices and we took away the voice of the girl who ran from abuse.
Here's an unadorned example of how the "Kindle for the Web" Sample script looks in a blog post:
The truth is they’re scared
Odysseus did an excellent job setting it up. And now I'm going to go clean up his mess.
#17 If you fall in love with two people simultaneously, who would you pick?
In a pace workout, part or parts of a longer run are run at your goal pace.
"YOU KNOW HOW BAD MY MEMORY IS."
and here's another pic of moxie
Unleash the power of your smile by smiling...
At this point,Husband approached, and asked in milky, sweet tones, would I like some help.
kinda tributes to songs we (hopefully) all know...
And I can't conscience, like feedback, monodies
For a reason that can only be put down to financial gain, Microsoft has announced that the much anticipated Windows 8 operating system will not come with the ability to natively playback DVDs. Users will have the ability to purchase Media Center for their Windows 8 installation, which will of course bring with it DVD playing abilities, but the decision by Microsoft to not include such a simple feature as standard may ruffle some feathers.
But my father always had health issues, whatever his age, and those issues often overshadowed his life and especially the quality of his life in his latter years.
B1 Psi Field The Summoning
The man, Charles Rook, a notorious cutthroat, dropped his sword and held his hands up in a show of submission. “Ok, ok! You got me,” he said with resigned exasperation.
1 clove garlic, minced
“It's dirty,” said Jen, as she looked around for a tidy place to sit.
It’s the end of the world. Six students have taken cover in Cortege High but shelter is little comfort when the dead outside won’t stop pounding on the doors. One bite is all it takes to kill a person and bring them back as a monstrous version of their former self. To Sloane Price, that doesn’t sound so bad. Six months ago, her world collapsed and since then, she’s failed to find a reason to keep going. Now seems like the perfect time to give up. As Sloane eagerly waits for the barricades to fall, she’s forced to witness the apocalypse through the eyes of five people who actually want to live. But as the days crawl by, the motivations for survival change in startling ways and soon the group’s fate is determined less and less by what’s happening outside and more
ISBN: 0805090053
I am still working my way through the Sweet Peach Crop Shop's November kit. Here is a layout using a couple of favorite photos of Second Child. She really is adorable, especially when her hair is just pristinely done by Nabu :)
Corley says her career has allowed her to do many things she never would have imagined, such as working on launch and recovery operations at the Air Force Research Laboratory in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where she was in charge of a team of engineers and technicians who designed and built an experiment that flew on a high altitude balloon.
Best Lip Treatment
After all the sanding, the wood had really lightened up to a kinda blah, so this color is nice and refreshing.
Or gleams of death
Looking back, Israel’s covenant is a consequence of her worthiness before God, and the land was a gift. But the land, while holy, is not the actual life of Israel. The Torah makes clear that Israel is in fact the blood of her people. Her continued worthiness as a people and the credibility of our U.S. foreign policy depend on our willingness to use our God-given reason and plan for the worst case contingency, not to preserve the land, but definitely to preserve Israel’s blood.
What we can't do, though, is pretend that the VPO is an orchestra just like any other. It's not. It's the living embodiment of an exclusionary philosophy that should, at the very least, give any thoughtful person pause.
My Shelf of Shame
To me, the allowance is meant to teach fiscal responsibility, sharing with others (especially those less fortunate), and patience. She is still young, and it’s only been a few months, but I am pleased so far!
Running the half marathon and keeping off my weight.
A new appointment has been arranged for you to attend the
Machu Picchu was made public knowledge by Hiram Bingham, a professor at Yale, back in 1911. I don’t want to say he actually discovered it because of course the locals knew about it, there were even a few families that were living at the ruins when he arrived. Also, in 1902 a local farmer named Agustin Lizarraga also discovered Machu Picchu but kept the information to himself, took some of the treasures and sold them on the black market to an Italian. He even left his name and the date inscribed on a rock at Machu Picchu. The ruins were never found by the Spaniards during Spain’s conquest of South America since the kings led them along other paths.
Did I think it was an accurate representation of what breastfeeding really looks like? No. However, I guess I would rather young women see breastfeeding glamorized, such was the young lady wearing skinny jeans, flats, perfectly coiffed and beautifully made up. (As opposed to how I often breastfed, with dirty clothes, hair, and dozing because it was the one quiet moment I was afforded. Not glamorous, but definitely real.)
"The Meyers family lived up near Goodfellow Blvd. Mr. Meyers was the acknowledged best home brew maker in the neighborhood, if not the civilized world. He undoubtedly applied the same skill and attention to detail as he did in his job as a tool and die maker. His stuff was far superior to the stuff that we occasionally made in our basement.
Yes, I’ve been terribly delinquent in posting. BUT! (and isn’t there always a “but”?) I do have a good excuse. Mr. Kitchen and I are finally legally a Mr. & Mrs.! We were wed in a beautiful ceremony in upstate New York, and afterwards, we whisked ourselves away for a truly amazing honeymoon in London and Scotland. What’s this got to do with food (other than providing an excuse for not posting)? While on our honeymoon, we had two of the best meals we’ve ever had. You know that cliche that food in the U.K. is boring and bland? Don’t you believe it.
And now that I have been “off” of sugar for eighty days, I can definitively say that He is all of those things… but way, way better than I imagined! I have learned to rely upon Him more completely (and I say “more” completely because as much as I want to give Him all of my struggles, I am not quite there yet… one covenant at a time, friends, one covenant at a time! Haha!)
Going for walks and finding things of interest. Seeing things in a different way.
“I don’t think there’s ever been a textbook that made it this easy to be a good student,” Rosner said, according to Fortune.
Take this case of the fish that can glow green after having been genetically engineered. The objective is simply not just to make a fish glow green under fluorescent light. It is being used to track endocrine disruptors that have been associated with lower sperm count, breast and testicular cancer.
The Guidebook is what every fan is waiting to see. As The Shadow over Innsmouth was written from an outsider’s point of view, the reader never knows for certain what’s going on behind those shuttered windows and closed doors in Innsmouth and here Ross has the opportunity to inform him. Unfortunately, the results are neither surprising or particularly inspired. To be fair, however, given the subject of the supplement, he can’t stray too far afield for fear of upsetting the expectations of the audience. We get the expected Deep One hybrids shut away in attics and basements, the malicious Marsh clan, crumbling factories containing secrets, the Gilman House Hotel, and Joe Sargent’s bus. The occupants of Innsmouth are largely dangerous with a few rare allies for the investigators to befriend.
I am so excited to plant our garden this weekend. We have been soaked in rain the last couple weeks, which is why we are getting a late start. The chance of frost is over and now is the time to plant. Here are our plans:
“Great. Thanks. Not only is he a cheating scumbag, but he’s cheating with two different women. Instead of mourning me, he’s celebrating.”
This week Stampin' Bella provided us with a sketch. I made a square card this week.
1 x Cadbury World booklet,
I may not like the views of certain groups (PETA, liberals in general, the Taliban, etc) but if you can remain consistent in your views and actions, I can at least respect that you know your own mind…even if I can’t stand the way your mind works.
Being a positive force is key in this Savage World; that you are no longer just living in, but beginning to own!
I’m going far-afield for the Post of the Day–all the way to Ireland. This is a post by Lyla on her site, THEMUNDANELIFEOF. The title is, So My Mother Tried to Kill Herself Again. This is not a feel-good post, friends. I found it scrolling through the Life tag on the WordPress Page. I debated quite awhile whether to make it the post of the day, because I’m all about the writing, as you know. However, if anyone ever needed a cyber hug, Lyla seems to be that person. It is not a post you can click the Like button, but maybe, a few of you kind souls can give a comment on hope or something. I don’t know. But I bet you do. HF
15. The Fact Remains
So much of that behaviour is fear driven. And writing that almost brings me to tears because its not something I am comfortable admitting. That someone like ME, with my dogged head-on tackling of everything this life has thrown at me, might still harbour unfounded fear.
Police are investigating allegations that a Duke University student was raped at an off-campus party around 3 a.m. yesterday. More than 50 people attended a rowdy party over the weekend at 405 Gattis St., a duplex where several male Duke students live, according to Durham police. Neighbors say large number of cars were parked along the street and loud music blared from the house. An 18-year-old woman (months later self-identified as Katie Rouse) says she was raped in a bathroom of the residence, according to a Durham police news release. Police had not charged anyone but released a description of a suspect. The man is described as being in his late teens or early 20s, about 6-foot-1 and wearing a black do-rag, a gray and blue jeans, according to a police news release. Yesterday afternoon, beer cans and sweatshirt bottles were strewn throughout the lawn and bushes of the residence.
Acorns
This should be a good group of events.
- I've applied to a couple of 9 to 5 jobs. Keep your fingers crossed for me?
In my last post, I told you about the relentless campaign by evil leftists to destroy Donald Douglas of the America Power blog, if you have not read it yet, please do, HERE. If you would like to join the Roll Call list of supporters who are publicly standing up against those who would silence the truth tellers, let me know and I'll add you and/or your blog. Please also read what other bloggers are saying about this by visiting the posts linked at the blogs below:
At Capcom’s terminally packed New York Comic Con booth, my hands on time with the PS3 demo was limited to one map played with three other connected players and the experience was not only thrilling, it made me more excited about a non-portable RE game than I’d been in quite some time. What’s immediately impressive are the visuals, tight gameplay and fast-paced shooting action that packs the screen with undead, yet still feels perfectly grounded in the RE universe. The ability to shoot while running, take cover and pull off more dynamic moves in a fully 3D environment make the game more accessible right from the start. While the overall demo was less “frightening” than older games, it still packed in some shock moments. Getting attacked by a zombie has a few perils on its own, but if you or any of your team get injured and bleed, any zombies in the vicinity will swarm your way, which leads to some tense moments of shooting and slashing as you try and survive.
We have a King James Bible in the first place because prior English translations didn’t support the concept of an ordained clergy enough for the eponymous king’s tastes. None of the subsequent versions are any freer from the values of social order their writers wanted to uphold, and none of those social orders have much of anything at all to do with the world the Apostles lived in or the way they thought.
Please don’t misunderstand what I am saying. I love God’s word and really do want to understand it and obey it, but I just fall way short sometimes. It is frustrating. I think of being a pastor and teaching the word to my church and encouraging people to love God and trust Him and to read the Bible and then I get these convictions. But I know this; my slack attitude doesn’t change God’s passion for me.
With the Sabyasachi mukherjee saree collection the saree blouse adds a beauty, and a perfect cut and pattern add a lilttle more grace and eteniticity.. Sabyasachi is famous for his long sleeves off beat saree blouse designs. He mostly creates a choli of the saree with the contrasting color of the saree still holding a common link between the both
I swing and stab at it.
That dream I am dreaming
I’d love to hear what tactics you take when researching your works in progress. What is your gold standard for sources? And what makes you run a mile in the opposite direction?
“Listen to yourself, Ma!! You’re saying you’re content with the fact that the town believes Dad is a murderer!! How could you!!!” I was fairly screaming.
And maybe, one night when you are sitting alone in your rocking chair, you will look up in the sky and see a skinny star with glasses and freckles, and you will hear a whisper on the wind,
It goes without saying that I really enjoy eating out regularly, traveling abroad twice a year, and many other things which I optimistically look forward to before the credit card bill returns for its monthly haunt. But what makes life that little bit more enjoyable for me are the simple day-to-day pleasures which give me more of a reason to smile to myself. These aren’t hobbies, activities, or even anything necessary to insure that life is successful or more fulfilled, they are just ways that I have chosen to live my life. I feel better for it.
Back it: Sligo HT/FT is evens with Paddy Power. No matter whether Sligo win 1-0 or 3-0, this will most likely come in.
“We’re going to have to deal with this now, the insurance premium has gone up. Double.”
Day was heavily overcast at the start, sun came out, end of day overcast again.
2.Cut pumpkin into 4-6 wedges. Discard seeds, fibres & cottony parts of pumpkin & wash clean. Do not remove skin yet. Boil pumpkin wedges until tender, peel skin. Blend soft pumpkin meat with 200 ml water to a smooth paste.
The idea here is to make the target (yes, target!) feel that their purchase isn't of financial consequence but, nevertheless, is of great value, a no-brainer. This can be done with a price reduction, if credible. It can also be done by comparison with traditional printed books. Why pay $14.99 for a paperback that will fall to pieces when you drop it in the bath (okay, bad example, don't drop your e-reader or laptop in the bath, shows what an intrinsically bad marketeer I am!) Let's try this: the facilities available for ebooks - speech to text, bookmarking, updates etc etc - far exceed paper books and yet you can get your ebook for somewhere between 99c and $5. What are you waiting for?
The handkerchiefs in the House & Home photo are displayed in 12″x12″ frames from Urban Outfitters. But any old frame will do! This is a great way to get some Spring flowers into your home without having to wait for them to bloom!
“The only ones who can cancel the AP are the Agong and the Malay Rulers, so it cannot be cancelled,” said Zainuddin.
She loves to laugh and smile at her big brother.
Violence? Force? Yep. The irony is the use of the "legitimate" force of intellectual property law as a means to promote freedom. The goal of freedom is spot on, but freedom must be chosen and anything that looks like freedom but is brought about through force will always have a hard time rising above mere compliance.
1/2 cup lukewarm water
Amber turned down a narrow one-way street. A light on the wall of a building above her blinked on and off. Footsteps rang out behind her, echoing along the road. Pleasant daydreams about her future life in Paris disappeared. She walked faster, her heart beating quicker now as fearful thoughts crowded her mind.
Mr Penny said: “The family is philanthropically inclined and, notably, established a charitable trust which, although currently primarily devoted to helping community projects in North Wales, has given to educational and development projects in Africa. “It recently attempted to support a school in Jamaica close to the site of the family plantation, but the Jamaican school has not yet followed up the offer.”
I saw what it was. It was a buzzard. It looked around and saw me
“It is still a talked-about topic there more than 60 years on. Those killed were from Ulu Yam. If you go there you won’t miss the cemetery. Every Qing Ming (a day to pay respect to one’s ancestors) they go back.
Tom Tom Club Genious of love AUS
What made you smile…what made you laugh
I wondered if she had not just been taken by the pure country life; the simple values epitomised by Sam that we had told her about.
CONTEST TIME
Driver: Paul Di Resta
Ah...choo....
Remember that every comment on any post is counted as an entry in the Vintage-Inspired Giveaway! Of course, feel free to comment even if you don't want to enter the giveaway! Make sure I have a way to contact you if you're the winner!
How desperately I want the laser-like focus that is required to walk the narrow path in our loud culture.
2.In the opening chapter Maryam is set to hang in the gallows. What happens? Why does the Queen offer a threat to Tristan? Do you believe her?
Reminding you
The new drink called Golden Bear comes in multiple flavors Strawberry, Honey and Ginseng, and Mango. All are Lemonade based drinks and the Strawberry one is fantastic. I was waiting to pick up my brother from an over night field trip so I stopped at the store to get a drink for my wait, typically that calls for an Arnold Palmer. This night was different, since I don’t drink the zero calorie version of Arnold Palmer which is all they had, I looked around and then I saw it. Golden Bear Strawberry Lemonade.
grilled eggplant
I’m looking forward to heading off to the HMV Picture House in Edinburgh to see Placebo, tonight’s Wednesday Alternative show is recorded, with a special guest and regular listener Kev Ponton. Kev is simply an encyclopaedia of music and a great resource for info.
Saturday is business as usual, baseball. The boys played about 20 minutes away, so Kyan was jammin' out on his way to the game, getting in the zone. I LOVE this shot of him.
There was the day back in 1968 when we were all going on a trip to California by plane and staying in the best hotels that my father seriously said to all of us-flashing that card before us- that this card he held in his hand was like a miracle because without it we would never have been able to go on this trip and live- for ten days- way beyond our means.
So yes, I do think that force carbonation gives a different sort of fizziness than bottle-conditioning, and that's why.
Utility work on Columbia’s expansion project has been contracted to Felix Associates and MFM, which records show share a Westchester address and officers.
What is the son? It is the proclamation of His victory that Jesus started as the horn of salvation through His death and resurrection as the atoning sacrifice for our sins. The good news of His coming Kingdom and unimaginable grace and love. The purpose He has given us and the healing and power we can receive through His name. It is the Gospel.
But as we grew, and explored, and took our first tentative steps beyond our galaxy, we always remembered our parents. What children could abandon their parents? Yes, we left Earth. We left it to our parents. It was their home. And when our parents finally reached out to the stars, we helped them. We helped them build the vessels they needed to reach worlds beyond their own solar system. Worlds around other stars. It took 100,000 years, but our parents did spread through the galaxy. We were happy to help them. Happy to see them grow. Happy to see them learn. To see them reach beyond the limits of our home world.
"We had a moment," she says and turns to press the button to the ground floor.
I guess the ever generous Father in Heaven decided to give me the bags afterall since I was being a good girl and restraining from buying them on the first and second time. Haha!
President Robert Mugabe called the Global Political Agreement (GPA), signed by Zanu-PF and the MDC, “illegal” and said elections must take place urgently to “restore democracy”.
1. FOLK/GET SPIRITUAL
Of course, the great difference between this person and the religious is that one has been placed in this situation by the Council. The other has chosen it as his vocation. One involves having no choice at all - save for the street - the person in question has actually slept in bushes for a prolongued period of time - the other has chosen freely to live under these conditions in order to dedicate himself more solely to following Christ and loving the Lord. And, of course, while the hostel dweller has not chosen to live in community with others who have not chosen to be there either, the religous has chosen to live in community with others who have chosen to be there.
On April 25th, Rural/Metro-Pridemark Ambulance and Girl Scout Troop 75 teamed up to help each other and help others. The troop of 17 Daises and Brownies used a portion of their cookie sale proceeds to purchase 75 stuffed bears for donation to Rural/Metro-Pridemark Ambulance.
it's only Monday, I can grouse later).
So, back to the here and now. It's time to grab dinner (I'm heading to Red Robin for my burger....it's the only one in the state I think). Make no mistake, a double Margarita will also be involved.
11. Paul Pendja Ensemble - Ngo Mebou Melane
Recognising this, the democrats try to be ‘non-violent’ to avoid being demonised as ‘criminals’ or ‘terrorists’. Imperialism hypocritically demands pacifism from its democratic opposition while it indiscriminately bombs and strafes its enemies! Capitalism criminalises political opposition using anti-terrorist laws, torture and murder all the time claiming to be defending the values of family, society and civilisation. But in reality those values are based on exploitation and oppression. The patriarchal family is the backbone of the ruling class and capitalist dictatorships. The bourgeois family is not only the source of unpaid domestic labour, it is the main bastion of authority in the capitalist state.
So, this week I went back to Amsterdam. It was great to see old friends, walk in the park which doubled as our garden, remind myself of the life we had for eight years. And I arrived at Red’s house, for the surreal experience of returning to a Book Club which has lots of new members, with my book the subject for discussion. Ed, her husband, took my coat, then disappeared. Book Club traditions seemed to be in place.
Each show will be featuring the exquisite creations of extraordinary artist Deliziosa Vendetta. Come enjoy an afternoon of fabulous minishows and
For years now, I have held on to that feeling, clutching it with my invisible fists, so that it hides me, shields me, protects me, for years now that feeling has been the only thing I've trusted. Its been my only company, until now..Maybe.
His tone spoke worlds of his persona as he offered, "Are you finding everything you were looking for miss?"
After more than 38 years in the workplace — the majority of it with Time-Life — he had been let go by his most recent employer in September.
Today is: Frustration day.
I decided to try something, dangerous I know. I've seen others do this but I decided I'd try it. I made a rough very rough video of me showing some recently bought DVDs. I'm not sure if I'll do this anymore or not. I'd like to if I can remember, but I really need to get my webcam skills down a bit better for showmanship. Anyway I made a video on UStream.tv on which I'm CaptKirk42. My other videos there are trading card related and have no audience, this type of thing has more audience for people who do YouTube, I'm not sure about UStream though, it was a bit popular with the trading card people.
Main prayers of the day:
Did it help? Some. But it's still challenging!
So if you want the Science… keep reading. If you have read enough…do ONE thing…become aware…do your own experiment…give your kids artificial colors one week and see what happens, then try a week of “artificial color free” and see if you can see a difference? Be a detective..this stuff is everywhere food, vitamins, prescription meds, drinks….everywhere!
Political leaders have even begun to encourage the churches to preach social justice to win influence within the realm of the church. BUT they are not promoting the type of action in our communities that the Bible commands, they are preaching socialism.
He has recently hit a super cool stage. He doesn't smile at photos anymore. He's busy looking cool. He is nine going on 16, and is obsessed with music and especially Toby Mac.
Just over a year ago, there was a blog competition where participants had to create a nail polish just for fun to win some BeautyUK Cosmetics makeup. One fan of the brand, Sam, expressed a wish to have a range of pink polishes designed to raise money for a Breast Cancer Charity. Sam's inspiration was her mum, going through the ordeal of cancer but who 'still wanted to look nice and have painted nails'. Beautyuk Cosmetics was so touched by the idea that they have been working hard for the past year to help Sam's idea see the day.
Sometimes if you want something, you just got to do it yourself. Cracked wheat bread is one of my favorite types of whole grain bread and only on a rare occasion can I find it in my area. So I either have to be satisfied with the occasional find or learn to make it yourself. Then so be it, I'll make it myself.
Now... back to the laundry... (and I'd like to thank blogger for its technical difficulties which required me to redo this entire post twice. I assure you I was much more eloquent the first time I wrote it :))
This is Guy's second appearance at a Phantoms' game. Both he and Joey Fatone made an appearance in 2009.
“Feeling better?” he asked with concern.
The same way they do.
People matter. So Thank You to each and every one of you.
Want to whip one or six up for yourself? You need some fat quarters. I got a package of 6 from JoAnns. And you'll need some other layers like burlap and tulle (about a quarter yard of each) along with some snazzy buttons. Simply fold your fat quarter in half, wrong sides together, down the length (so you have a long rectangle) and cut a strip. For the largest layer the strip only needs to be about 1 inch or so. With a needle and thread sew a running stitch down the length of the two layers of fabric near the bottom. No need to be fussy with stitch length or anything like that. Pull the thread so that you have a tight ruffle and attach the two edges together with a couple of stitches. Repeat with other fabrics, cutting each row smaller than the last. With the really tiny middle layer you won't need the whole length of the fat quarter. Just bunch it up as you go and stop when it is long enough to make a circle. Then cut a circle of burlap to size, depending on which layer you want it to be. Same goes for the tulle. Stack them all up. Put a couple of stitches in the middlish area to hold them together, find a cute button for the middle and sew it on and voila!
Ink: Versamark and Soft Suede
I need to just stop and interject that there are NO WORDS to describe how good these shrimp were.
I reached my breaking point, or the point at which I’m ready to claim back my body and execute control over it. Perhaps this is why my fitness/wellness crusade is going so well for the moment. Because I have taken back control and ownership of myself in meaningful ways – you know, like having a bra that fits.
I can just picture him saying something like : “I know you’ve been slogging your way through year after year of marginal movies by marginal directors… you know.. aside from my very own Avatar, but not to worry… I’m here to solve your boredom and lift you out of the doldrums of film watching by presenting you… with a movie you’ve already seen a million times. You’re Welcome.”
So here is my 3rd June project.
But all my words come back to me, in shades of mediocrity
The contest of rolling raw eggs down a gentle slope is an old custom followed in France, on the ceremonious occasion of Easter. As per the legends, the surviving egg was the victory egg and symbolized the stone being rolled away from the tomb of the Christ. For kids, playing with eggs is one of the favorite pastimes, on the holiday season of Easter. The little ones play a game, in which, the players have to throw their respective eggs up in the air and catch them. The first one to drop his/her egg loses the game. On Easter Sunday, the children in France wake up in the morning, to find eggs scattered in their rooms. They then head towards their yard or garden, to retrieve beautifully decorated Easter eggs, hid in nests.
content that Flora approves his worship
Different companions provide different bonuses to crew skills. Tables below show only the skills relevant to the class - the omitted skills don't have any bonuses anyway.
1 Luggage
Would I plot the epic
April 23, 2012: The UN announced that it would provide food aid for 500,000 Syrian civilians cut off from supplies by Syrian security forces. If food aid is not supplied, people will starve, and the UN is trying to negotiate safe passage for the foods. Since the point of the Syrian blockade of some towns is to starve the rebellious population into submission, allowing in UN food aid break the siege.
Pomegranate-Glazed Sweet Potato Spears
Makes 3 medium sized round loafs or two 9 X 5 loaves
3. Targeting the wrong people:
Miracle Tape
6. Add the words “unknown crisis” to your paralegal to do list — at all times. Yep. This is called planning ahead…and we all know you like to plan. If you can’t avoid it, you might as well write it into your daily work life and dedicate it as a line item on that fabulous, paralegal planner to-do list. You sure can’t prevent it, so embrace it!
Today, the Rainbow Chronicles turn 3! If only I had some Funfetti! Quick, go get a cupcake to eat while you read this!
he was only 29
Mobile phones are now the new fashion accessory. The marketing and advertising industry has influenced how people perceive their mobile phones. This is to adapt to the changing demands of modern life and to draw in new users from different generations. iPhone for example, a mobile brand from the company Apple Inc., is making a big sale in the worldwide market.
Last Wednesday I spent an incredible morning at the beautiful Frauenthal Center in Muskegon, Michigan, watching my brave autistic 10-year-old son perform with the West Shore Symphony Orchestra. When he got up the morning of the event, he didn't think he could handle it. He was concerned about auditory over-stimulation and performing in front of people. But he decided to give it a try.
through his stomach
This is a must have just like Jawbreaker.
The vibrations which reach the liquid in the inner ear set up wave effects in the liquid. The inner walls of the cochlea are lined with small hair-like structures, called stereocilia, which are affected by this wave effect. These tiny hairs move strictly in accordance with the motion of the liquid. If a loud noise is emitted, then more hairs bend in a more powerful way. Every different frequency in the outside world sets up different effects in the hairs.
13 Tragic Vaudeville
In practice, though, this seemingly simple idea - that we have all been through or are going through some bad times and could use a little understanding and respect - sometimes becomes a task of Herculean proportions. In some ways, this is not surprising; I mean, many of our relationships are by their nature cursory and somewhat superficial, without the need or right to scratch down far enough to uncover fears and broken dreams. Even in deeper relationships, it is often hard to know how every experience and thought might influence a person's actions or moods on a particular day. That's neither bad nor good, it simply is. So often when we encounter other people, we are busy and engrossed in our own needs and wants and problems. It becomes impossible to pull out long enough to consider what other people might be going through and give them a measure of compassion and respect for their journey. Instead we often tend to judge, make assumptions, assign purpose and cause, and sometimes write the person off.
We are paying the penalty for having been the most successful, the richest, the most creative, the most powerful and, indeed the most benevolent civilisation to have ever bestrode our Earth. We are unmatched in history, and I suspect that we will never be equalled. We are resented not, as some would have it for the alleged crimes of our race, but for what we are, for what we have achieved, for the good we have brought to the world, and there are many who can never forgive us for it.
Of the 394 restevek children they were advocating for before the earthquake, they managed to locate 283 — 7 perished in a collapsed school, 54 moved to a different location, and 50 simply couldn’t be found, despite a herculean effort to hunt down every clue and reconnect with the missing children in towns and villages throughout Haiti.
Before I get on to the challenge this week Abi and I would like to thank everybody for taking part in our challenges each week and also to all our fabulous sponsors who have been amazing, it just wouldn't be the same without any of you. Of course a massive thanks to our fabby Design Team too, who are all amazing with the work they produce each week and the time they give up to comment on each of the entries, we really appreciate it so THANK YOU ALL!!
At this time the king's son was traveling throughout the country in search of a bride. He wanted neither a poor one nor a rich one. He said, "My wife shall be the girl who is at the same time the poorest and the richest."
It's true, the giant black wig did make it somewhat easier for Mary Huner to lose herself in the Nicole character (it fully envelops the upper part of her body), but things like overall attitude, vocal temperament, facial ticks, and various other mannerisms were all manufactured by Mary, and by her alone. Managing to keep a straight face while Madame Selina (Marilyn Oran), a fortune teller (one who clearly has a profound distaste for blinking), instructs her to be wary of the "watchdogs of evil," Mary is an utter delight as Lori, the commitment phobic girlfriend of a man who finds himself hooked on green yogurt (it's officially name is actually "ectoplasm").
Like the bonus he threatened two weeks ago that he renegged on and we t as far as ti say we don’t even deserve paycheques let alone the bonus he “WAS” going to give us.
Along their journey to the mountain refuge of Peter the Hermit, a wise man who had named Angela at birth, Hans and Angela are hunted by the Necromancer and his unsavoury minions, Weevils. With the help of some extraordinary new friends, Hans connects with his past, Angela rescues her parents, and both children help restore order and integrity to the Archduchy.
Following war’s end and Black’s discharge from the Navy, the family returned to California in May 1953. Black managed television station KABC-TV in Los Angeles, and Temple Black became a homemaker. Their daughter Lori was born at the Santa Monica Hospital on April 9, 1954.[25] In September 1954, Black became director of business operations for the Stanford Research Institute and the family moved to Atherton, California.[81]
“Anyway, she says, it was a good story, Pat, and I commend you for your efforts.”
Congratulations to Ashley!
But is any of this MORE eccentric than the habits of writers for adults? And does it help? I think Terence is mistaking "rich inner life" for "eccentricity" which is easily done.I think the number of writers, for whatever age group, who are REAL eccentrics, as opposed to being posers with green carnations or whatever (I love you Oscar but don't think you were odd at all) must be very few. Answers in the comments please.
So everything that goes into every Shaklee bottle is designed to make you healthy. And to do it so well you tell your friends about it.
"...this is a style known as strong dark Belgian ale, and with one sip you know the difference. Immediately, you can taste an ester-heavy dark roast with a light tartness combined with elements of caramelized sugars, raisins, figs, molasses, chocolate, raspberries… the flavor complexity goes on and on."
THE GARDEN OF ENGLAND by Sandra McDonald
Crissi also brought round her distress inks for me to try... I like them... oh and last but not least another new thing for me to try was Crissi's glimmer mist........ LURRRRRVE it... so subtle.. so lush
Diagnosis of Urinary Tract Infection
I do have to say that campaign play is always going to be my main fun and focus. I just love having time for characters and situations to be developed through ongoing gameplay. For these more or less one shots (although this is the second time running the same character for both Terry and another guy, so I try to collect the character sheets at the end to keep them in case somebody plays again in the future), I just think in terms of several encounter situations and loosely tie them together. There isn’t a ton of time for sandboxing.
Anyway, Anna has lovingly named her elf JoAnn (my mother-in-law’s name). My daughter has a slight obsession with the name JoAnn and also with her maw maw. I think it’s pretty cute!
I have to tell you that it is painful when you try to drive that thing like a stick shift and doing the five finger shuffle with a hand full of nuts can bring the evening to a painful screaming halt.
cooked rice
What about you? Who keeps you going?
Now I read that this very same South African government will fight a court ruling that allow the seizure of property
5:30pm: Putting groceries away
“Bob’s performance served to bring the conference to a fun climax because the audience saw the speakers having fun; their topics highlighted and were amazed at the illusions and roaring with laughter at the humor.”
I promise I'll get around to better updating. Later gators.
the village and shot dead eight
Variation is essential for the adaptation of any organism. Since the organism as a whole, though, is defined by the constancy of its adaptations over time, variation must be strictly delimited. Adapting to slowly adapt is quite common and successful. The minor variations that differentiate one member of a species from another rest, in part, on this phenomenon. Slow variation, preserved in the species through individual variation, provides the species with the flexibility to adapt to changing circumstance.
Here is my February calendar page.
These security checks were chosen completely at random. And by 'completely at random', I mean 'not even a little random, not even close to random, not even at all'. Because I'm pretty sure that when both my husband and I, plus the couple in front of us all get chosen to be patted down and extra searched, that's not exactly random, but hey, what do I know, I don't molest people for a living.
yet it’s very clear that those who are dedicated
I made 2 w/ regular pastry bottoms and tops and 2 with regular pastry bottoms and puff pastry tops.
So today there’s supposed to be a protest outside the Home Office across the road by the EDL followed by a counter protest by the Anti-Nazi League (or some similar left-wing organisation). Despite having an excellent view of the proceedings; nothing is actually happening. We were hoping for riots, full building evacuations – even a bit of arson (considering what happened with the Reichstag…). Scuttlebutt has it one of the local pubs was serving the demonstrators when they really shouldn’t have been but I prefer to wait before turning bits into bytes.
As we approach Thanksgiving Day, let us do it with thanks in our hearts. Give thanks to our Heavenly Father for His mercies and for His blessings to us.
When you’re looking at portraits
worst, you get better and change the situation around you. When the hour is
Would you rather have God open your eyes now so that you can see and understand, or would you rather see the hills full of horses and chariots of fire when you are being surrounded by them? The servant saw the vast army of the Lord when he was under their protection. However, put yourself in the shoes of the ones that they were protecting them from. How would you rather see God’s army?
Copy paper for snowflakes- Free
Ahhhhhhh, its every new homeowners dream. A beautiful formal dining room, picture perfect room. Just waiting for a formal dinner party, candlelit with guests eating off of fine china. (insert record scratch here......)
From her account, Oliver doesn’t paint a picture of a particularly sentimental Schilling but she should maybe check the gagging order she signed for if it is set out to continue in perpetuity she could find out why he got her to sign it.
He answered, “Yes, Lord, you know that I love you.”
Soon, I will be celebrating my one year anniversary here at Trinity Health. I am truly blessed to have my current position. Ironically, my old position at the hospital was never truly eliminated, but everything happens for a reason. It was a good career change. I have excelled in my role and found solid footing here at the office. So, given my upcoming anniversary, I wanted to re-post an entry I wrote when I initially landed my job. Hopefully, a job seeking reader will be able to extract some helpful information as they travel their own course towards employment. Good luck. And God bless.
I find this study interesting in light of several conversations I have had in the past with others. When I have discussed my lack of faith in organized religion (while remaining open-minded, though skeptical about the possibility of a deity), religious people always ask me how I can know the difference between right and wrong. I find this to be a ridiculous question, but convicted believers truly doubt that a person such as I could be guided by moral principles without relying on the Bible to tell me what those principles are.
...he's getting rather talkative.
This might just be my favorite holiday! (I should tell my husband that it is one of those holidays you need to buy a gift for. :))
At the height of the 1970s bloodshed, Videla famously denied the kidnappings that were taking place, saying: “There are no disappearances, they’re a nonentity, they don’t exist.”
1. Food
I have no pics of me taken in May yet, but I think the hair will count as one of the me-made items – I did make them , after all! It would be cheating to use them more than once per installation though….
I just love seeing things thru her eyes. She gets so excited about everything. That excitment rubs off on everyone around her. She is my blessing from God.
Mike Rutherford - bass, guitar, backing vocals
The boxes, the pace, rhymes and all.
Whenever it manages to come out, Diablo III is going to be a massive blast. Can't wait!
He saw
Private schools also used to have a near-monopoly on good ideas. While the rest of the education system was busy buying into the experimentation of the 1960s classroom revolution2, private schools retained sufficient levels of discipline, instilled a real sense of pride in their students, and pioneered pastoral care through the house system. That’s not to ignore the tempestuous history of fagging, abuse, and oligocracy3; just that it’s important to recognise the contribution private schools have made to what we see as the established wisdom in education policy.
I stuck pretty much to the sketch for this one and just used basic layering with my papers. I coloured my image with copics and airbrushed the background (I'm slowly getting the hang of it). I made the lace flowers by running the thread through the lace to make small rosettes. Here are the list of supplies I used:
In your school or college or university
Rosalita 13:08
to claim me
According to an article in the Los Angeles Times entitled “Discovering Autism,” the Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Act (AB 846) allows the state of California to set aside $4 billion a year for people with developmental disabilities. Of that, $638 million is allocated to the Department of Developmental Services (DDS) to be used for autism services. The DDS then distributes the money to 21 nonprofit agencies in different parts of the state, otherwise known as regional centers.
The other thing I realized was that I shouldn’t censor my writing during the first draft. If I stopped to edit while I wrote rather than letting the words flow, the writing sounded staccato. I learned to just write, write, and write, let it sit at least overnight, and then do a read-through and rough edit the next day. Plenty of time later to spend hours, after painful hours polishing each sentence, reordering paragraphs, and filling in missing details. Or, maybe slashing whole paragraphs.
and before,
Protects itself from us,
Frischman
I know once baseball season starts I'll be in the full swing of things again but for now, I'm laying low, finishing up the '73 and hopefully posting in a regular fashion. I'm certainly reading plenty.
Four bombs planted in rubbish bins exploded in the Ukrainian city of Dnipropetrovsk on Friday at short intervals, injuring up to 14 people, authorities said.
Here are the rules to the hop:
a gift from providence
Not enough? Well i have two more for you, dear reader, and both of these will take your breath away. Not satisfied with mass murder of the living with bombs and rockets or the musically bent corruption of foreign youth with Christless mass media, America has found two new causes in the midst of it over due collapse to poison the world with: state backed infanticide and official homosexuality.
I love this series because I feel graceful & long, like a ballerina (which I'm so not a ballerina, in more ways than one).
Owyn spent the good part of his weekend watching dirt bike videos on YouTube. Strange, I know. That's all he wants to do.
1180 D-II/26/1994. “J. William Hayton (1926-1994).” Memorial Service, First Presbyterian Church, Evanston, Illinois. See Item D-III/17/1962, above. See, also, John A. Murley, Robert L. Stone, and William T. Braithwaite, eds., Law and Philosophy: The Practice of Theory (Athens, Ohio: Ohio University Press, 1992), p. iv.
All three of these past presidents were radical politicians for the time, vastly different than their predecessors. They all posessed new approaches and fresh idea of how to shape the country, and all came to the office at a time of great turmoil and transition. They conveyed large amounts of charisma and were able to speak to the common man as a colleague. They also came from what is now referred to as flyover country (Illinois, Missouri, and Georgia). But their results were vastly different: one truly changed a nation for the better (albeit by fire), one was unpopular during most of his tenure, only years later being seen as a great president, and one was...well, let's say that Jimmy Carter wasn't much beloved for anything he ever did in office. And that's the dilemma of Obama: he could be anything from a presidential legend to a political disaster.
I am sure I can't be the only paranoid wife of a deployed service member. This is another one of those things you veteran wives never told me about, so maybe it is just me. I received a really sketchy phone call the other night for a radio research poll. A poll I had already been called about, wasn't doing anything and helped the girl out by taking. This time it was a middle-aged, middle-eastern accented man.
I have discontinued this book because it is outdated. By that I mean, I had references throughout the book of several artists friends who are no longer producing the products I recommended, or they are simply out of the art business.
2 c buttermilk
Maybe you're just smiling at me as I pen those ambitions on the tablets of my heart, because really you're wondering if I'm observing the girl in front of me...the one who is unstoppable, the girl who's on the go, the one who is already proving that I really don't have a clue...
“They didn’t take my camera but they punched and kicked me and I needed five stitches behind my ear,” he said, showing his blood-stained green shirt.
Between the six girls in this book club, we got a wide variety of perspectives and "takes" on the book. It was such a fun book to discuss. We pretty much all agreed that even if we do not believe the whole story is true or even if we question some of the points made, little Colton painted such a wonderful picture of Heaven and we all want to see it for ourselves (I mean come on - who wouldn't want angels to serenade them?).
OFFICE WITHIN REACH
You can’t miss the memory-bandwidth jump from 2007 to 2008 as the effect of having four or more processor cores took effect. Multicore architectures have a big problem with memory bandwidth.
So, yeah, I understand. Awareness of your audience can have a dampening effect—sometimes good, sometimes bad—on what you write. And maybe this kid wants a place to flirt with boys without her mom watching, or maybe she wants to swear without being scolded, or maybe she just wants to be able to pretend her audience is limited to the people she is writing for. I understand that, too.
To round off this tribute another song recorded at the Radio Mali studios in Bamako in the early 1980s. With the title meaning "Good evening Mali", this is a version of a Na Hawa Doumbia song. It is sung (solo) by Flani, who was very friendly with Na Hawa and her husband N'gou Bagayoko, and visited them whenever he came to or passed through Bougouni (where Flani's eldest son lives). While Flani attempts to recreate the 'modest' atmosphere of Na Hawa's song, Zani offers a contrast with a spectacular and 'full-scope' solo from 2'47. Towards the end, from 5'30 onwards, Flani cites the names of the band members.
Pre Sale Low Total Estimate: $2230000
Dearest Leta,
This year was the first year that I read The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane to my second graders. Written by Kate DiCamillo, I think this book is especially great for the Third Culture Kids that I teach. It deals with the issue of repeated loss which is an integral part of the Third Culture Kid experience and learning to love again despite that loss. My students were so invested in the character of Edward Tulane that many afternoons they didn't even want school to end because they wanted to hear more. I'll definitely be reading this one again!
A local resident who saw the attack unfold said the attackers were disguised in burqas — the head-to-toe robes worn by conservative Afghan women.
Tamarind Pulp - 1/2 cup
Scoop mounds of dough about 3 tablespoons in size onto the baking sheets, leaving about 3 inches between each cookie. (I was able to fit about 8 cookies on each sheet, staggering them in three rows.)
Five or six tracks were later recorded for a album (including 'In It For The Kicks' which recently surfaced on the 'Rip Off' compilation LP on Sing Sing Records), followed by a further three with new drummer Joe Flegg. The album was never released as the band split up when Chris Tweed left to go to university. The others continued briefly as The Persuaders with the addition of guitarist Micky McCauley.
You just get on down on them knees.
Bags will evolve and change over the years as need be. And I actually keep somewhere around four to five bags in a ready, to semi-ready, to three-quarters empty state. The bags themselves range in size from small and medium daily carries to larger ones that may see use once a month. All of them have small shaving and first aid kits, cliff bars, spare batteries, spare knives, and an assortment of needs as the size of the bag increases. While they are not always overly tactical, they are always practical....for me and my needs.
The Elgar Sisters were active around 1985, and featured Thor Eldon, Sigtryggur Baldursson (the Sugarcubes' Siggi) and the modestly-named God Krist (ex-Kukl) on guitar. Björk was their vocalist. Although the band never performed live, the Elgar Sisters wrote and recorded 11 songs, all of which remained unreleased until 1993, when Björk resurrected three reflective numbers for her solo B-sides: "S`idast Eg" and the instrumental "Glora" on "Big Time Sensuality", and "Stigdu M`ig" on "Venus As A Boy".
Shadow Tag by Louise Erdrich (TLC Tours)
the 8:29
The good first: It was the YG's fourth birthday today! Yaaay!
to comfort all who mourn,
The travel bug is biting! and I am going to reassess my budget and see how much I can save to get out there again.
When you are writing on your bags the cooking instructions and the date frozen you want to make sure you are using a PERMANENT marker. I can’t tell you how many moms out there have complained about their info wiping off when the item is frozen. I like using Sharpie because they make different sizes, so I can write big or small and I know it will stay there.
So the next time you find yourself sparring with a liberal bomb thrower, unsheathe the sword of truth. Go forth and conquer.
Or some poo. We have lots of poo. Now.
I have heard of authors doing school Skype video visits, which are probably enjoyable too, but I know I'd rather go to tomorrow's school and see everyone in person.
Personally, I love the smell, it's just a shame that it's another small perfume sample that you can get at a perfume counter for free...
Bought this to protect my macbook while on business. I took a lot of time researching and looking through options on both amazon and luggage.com and finally settled on the Codi. I love this bag. Solid, well constructed and will protect my computer well during travel. Highly recommended.
Having your hands free and being able to multitask while still being close to baby is definitely a plus, however, like everything else, it does pose certain dangers if not done correctly for both parent and child.
A German's View on Islam
I happened upon this product a few days into the New Year when a blogger posed a question about preserving memories in 2011 and a reader responded that their next scrapbook would be Project Life. I had never heard of it so I put my "googling" skills to use immediately and boy, was I excited when I saw it!
This might not matter much in some circumstances. One does sometimes despair of the quality of much psychological writing and perhaps little advance in thinking has been made in recent years. Perhaps a great mind could leap over recent meanderings and present fresh new insights that radically advance all our thinking. There is nothing like that in Altemeyer's work, however.
8. Numbered Days
We are safer by using our military efficiently (that is, at home) rather than spreading ourselves thin all over the globe. An economic defeat is still a defeat.
Level 9: MP Cost: 35, Duration: 90 seconds, 53% chance to not get knocked back.
We have been outsourcing nurses from all across the globe because there are few to none people who are more than willing to be a nurse. You see, being a nurse is like a calling. It is more than just a career but it is a vocation. It is also about serving other people. If you want to be financially prepared when starting a family, consider being a nurse since the salary rate of this kind of profession is relatively high compared to other jobs. For those who have families who want to provide good education to their kids, why not consider a career change? Talk to your spouse about the great possibilities of being a nurse. Many single parents who are working as nurses have raised their kids well simply because they were able to provide good education, healthy food and be able to give them what they need.
Mom said I'm gonna get "nootered".
And so when he focuses on his classes ~ which he LOOOVES ~ and when he has plans
blaring inherited lynch-mobs degrade, deflate, and vanish.
Wouldn’t ya like ta be a prophet too?
Stumbling to the front of the class where my teacher sits (pretending not to troll Facebook) I ask him if it’s too late to take the test, and he stands up and starts screaming at me that I have failed the class and am to leave, then proceeds to push me out of the 80th story window. Now I know what you’re thinking, how unrealistic is that? 80th story, no school has that kind of airspace.
When we've escaped the prison of high school and the undeniable influence of distorted reality and petty playground politics, what will happen? Now is not the time and place to forget anyone, not when with every step you take away from someone is a step towards someone else. But what happens next?
Brewed on 04/19/2009 by myself.
We have blessed and thanked nocturnal animals and production animals before, but now, on May 5th, 2012, we are making the 3rd light wave to bless and thank water animals. The timing is perfect – we have a shark and a whale in our next issue, PSW 11.
From my own experience, I’d say that it truly is a great thing if you’re looking for variety in your work life – but it also means that you have to be able to adapt, adjust your train of thought at a moment’s notice and hit the ground running on any number of wide-ranging tasks.
Lim further clarified that DAP did not punish Tunku Aziz fo voicing his dissent nor at any time asked him to leave or resign.
There was a moment a couple of days ago when I found myself marveling at it all. I bounced you gently in my arms to calm your little crying voice, and my little copper-haired princess came toddling over. "Don't cry, Mr. Baggins," she said, in real life using the little nickname she has for you in her gentle little sing-song voice. "It's o-tay." And then, turning to me, "Mommy! He's so tooooot!" And I thought about carrying you, and her, and the beautiful birthing and the yuckiness that comes after it, and it was all so worth it. I cannot believe I am lucky enough to have you, both of you, to see what it has made of me.
This looks so different from my own horoscope weaving! I love it.
Now there are two things that have surprised me on a friends blog. Have you ever thought to add spinach to a smoothie? I certainly haven’t but apparently it works and it comes out as the most beautiful colour green (I think that shows I’m a graphic designer, everything is about colours!). You must go check it out here at come parent with me. I plan to make this for both Miss F and myself.
A few nights ago, while trying to sleep, I kept getting hit by electricity. I was too damn tired to get up and check to see where the electricity was coming from. But the first thing in the morning, I checked the socket behind my head. I forgot to put in my safety baby cover. These safety baby covers really work. I keep mine in all the time, and I forgot how well they work. Home Depot and Target sell them very inexpensively. You can get a packet of 24 very cheaply. Buy extra baby covers for when you go out. I carry some with me when I go out. Because sometimes you’ll be stuck next to a socket and you’ll feel the electricity. So very covertly cover the socket.
You’ll find the smile more or less healing.
Tragically, my cat Matilda saw the whole thing. Next morning, she hunkered down and growled as I waved the spanx in her face in an effort to desensitize her. When I left her, she was mumbling incoherently about throwing herself in front of a car.
Bailey’s top 5 was Florida, Alabama, Georgia, Notre Dame and Tennessee. I think that if you’re a Georgia fan, that should give you a significant dose of optimism for the 2011 class, considering the somewhat unimpressive class of 2010, and the growing concern that Alabama and Florida were out-recruiting us in our own state.
From the 50s to the late 70s, the economy was shaped more like Image B, the bloated economy. As you can see there were still TITS around then but TITS growth has rocketed in the past 30 years. And just look at the bloated WAIST! (We're All In Society Together, in this case). There has been some movement from the WAIST to the TITS over the years, and plenty of movement from the WAIST to the HIPS. In addition, technology has acted as a form of liposuction on the economy and taken the excess waste, or fat, out of the WAIST and HIPS and into the corner of the room where it grows as a constant reminder of what could befall the bottom two-thirds of the economy.
19And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.
So to get to the point, I woke up thursday morning, and spent the morning hours applying to all sorts of jobs.....as I had done every morning. At approx 11:30 am I got a phone call from one of the jobs that I had applied to the previous day. The phone call lasted all of 10 minutes, it was kind of like a.....HI is this laurin...yes yes it is......im so and so from this place and got your resume and would really like to set up and interview......then he says...well are you available today? I go....uh yea! So at 1:30pm I was sitting in Roberts office, telling him what an amazing employee I would be! :) This was absolutley wonderful!
For this outfit I took one of my favorites from last year, and mixed it up a little by adding the tulle underskirt and skull scarf, and changing both the cardigan and the shoes. In fact the only items the two outfits have in common are the dress and the tights.
Big thanks to those of you who purchased during the TpT sale. I have some new items posted and my sale is running through the rest of the day. If you wanted to take a look, become a TpT follower, well that would be great! :)
Oh, and our bed set up is not pristine like that, of course. That picture was taken before Itty Bitty was born just after setting it up. I may show you what it currently looks like some other time. Maybe…
burned to the ground, I can see the moon."
Yeah.
Fattie Hardbuckle--Grossly overweight, Fattie insists on knitting size 60 bikini bras from cotton, despite Hoodie's warning that the cotton will stretch when Fattie jumps into the water. Fattie is a pattern size vigilante, raiding yarn shops that only sell books with patterns for skinny broads.
Bashō’s haikai treated of the ordinary, everyday lives of commoners. In contrast to traditional Japanese poetry, he portrayed figures from popular culture such as the beggar, the traveller and the farmer. In crystallising the newly popular haikai he played a significant role in giving birth to modern haiku, which reflected the common culture.
Under the new program, "beer-filling stations" were installed at convenience stores that are allowed to sell draft beer in growlers (glass jugs that are typically 64 ounces), according to a report on CNBC.com.
On Thursday, we all had to help with the Junior High English camp. It was just with the third year students, and they were divided into groups of 8, so we had to invite other ALT’s from other schools to come and help out.
When You Look Good, You Feel Good: The Wardrobe
Home – So Rory isn’t actually getting departed, but the song fit his voice perfectly.
In January 2010, Macmillan at last claimed the right to set the price for each of its own products as it alone saw fit. Amazon resisted this arrangement, known in publishing as the “agency model.” When the two companies deadlocked, Amazon simply turned off the buttons that allowed customers to order Macmillan titles, in both their print and their e-book versions. The reasoning was obvious: the sudden loss of sales, which could amount to a sizable fraction of Macmillan’s total revenue, would soon bring the publisher to heel.
The implied reason is that frame at the end where the priest deals with the situation by explaining that god works in mysterious ways. He knows the reason for evil now, the holy grail* of theodicy, is simply that while god is all powerful and all knowing he isn't always paying attention to all of that knowledge. I suppose you could claim that this violates the "all knowing" clause, but omniscience doesn't necessarily have to imply omni-awareness, does it? You can know something without necessarily thinking about it, so maybe the answer to the problem of evil is simply that god just isn't paying any attention, or isn't paying enough attention. But, this answer isn't going to be satisfactory to the flock, not least because it's an insanely humbling notion, and so we get that hoary old chestnut about mysterious ways instead.
they have their moments of good
7. Foo Fighters “These Days”
The estimate my local Firestone gave me was on the high end of what RepairApp said it would be. But it was within the range.
5) Construction of prototype.
It also means by increasing the ways that life can function, it also increases the ways it could have started on any given planet. With current estimates of the number of habitable planets - defined as rocky planets neither too cold nor too hot for liquid water - in our galaxy alone running to the tens of billions, the chances there could be a Horta out there somewhere are going up.
So some tips I have learned for men's cards.....kraft paper, tags, buttons, anything Tim Holtz and lots of layers using masculine papers are all you need!! It was weird to color up this image as I don't normally color anything without eyes!!
The book follows the reactions of both families. This disposition awakens in Chrissie a sense of further insecurity, one that has always existed, since he refused a divorce and never married her. In fact, although she wears a wedding ring, it is one she bought herself. She is hostile toward Margaret and Scott and doesn’t even want them to attend the funeral. She has also been left to pay taxes that she would not otherwise have been liable for, so her family will have to make do with less money.
The beautiful premise, the lovely cover, the engaging plot and the two hot guys lurking around makes my reading so fun and enjoyable. This is one of those books that is gripping and very hard for me to put down.
That was discovered on Wednesday. The doctor advised us to start by putting olive oil in Eleri's ear, in the hope that the thing would float up and out of her ear, but he made an appointment to see him the next morning if that didn't work. Well, the olive oil didn't work. So off we pop to the doctor the next morning - the doctor tried a few things, and the nurse tried washing it out with water - but still no joy! And no-one can tell what the item is - I think it looks like a tooth(!), the doctor thinks it's white with something yellow on it, and the nurse said it doesn't look as if it is round - it seems to be kind of square shaped! So, then it was a trip to the Ear Nose and Throat Department of the district general hospital. The first doctor we saw there said he thought it looked like a tooth (I had not told him that was what I thought it looked like!), then when he couldn't remove whatever it is, he wondered whether Eleri's ear drum had burst and it was that he could see so he asked his colleague to have a look. The second doctor came in and said that it is definitely a foreign body, and he thinks it is something plastic, he said it looks like a grommet, but she's not had a grommet fitted. That doctor did not think it was wise to remove it whilst Eleri is awake as it is too close to her eardrum. So he's booked her onto his theatre list for Monday morning, to have it removed under general anaesthetic!
It is for this purpose that you have all been cleansing and transmuting so that your way forward is filled with greater ease and grace.
What's on your menu this week? If you are married or in a long term relationship, how did you celebrate your first anniversary? What did you get your significant other? I have a few ideas but mum's the word since J reads the blog :)
on spinnaker wings returning
“Nature’s selections (i.e. acts of God) in this country shortly”
Die Folie habe ich vorher mit dem neuen Halloween-Zaun von Magnolia bestempelt. Die süße Hexe ist ebenfalls aus der "So Spooky Collection" von Magnolia.
“I do not know whether the individual would have got through the security vetting or not.
On Monday’s weekly grocery run I was pleased to find jalopenos, limes, and tomatoes all on sale! Avocados were also on sale but they had SOLD OUT. Serves me right for grocery shopping at 10pm. Never again my friends, never again.
That makes this a pretty easy route up, even if there's snow on the ground. That's part of why I head up this way so often--in the winter time, I usually try to manage at least one hike up from the lowlands to the snow line. Didn't make it this year, though
Last week, I got to watch another one of Miyazaki’s works, Howl’s Moving Castle.
“I support this position and the protection this legislation can provide to homeless people as they start down the path to one day lead happy healthy lives,” said Davis.
In the circumstances I was only too pleased to rise to the challenge when my friends at the Bridport News – surely a newspaper deserving of the soubriquet “The Times of West Dorset”! – invited me to Bridport’s very own “Harrods-Food- Hall- cum-West -Street”, Mr Ernest Toms’ “fast food” emporium, Bernard’s Pantry. Mr Toms’ had erected a sign announcing “Hand Made Cornish Pasties”(not a thought for the squeamish!) and appeared to have a petition signed by 300 discerning customers protesting about Mr Osborne’s proposal to make VAT payable on hot pies – as persons are required to do (according to my understanding of the fiscal law) when they buy an item called “fish and chips.” Mr Toms said he would have to charge another 50p on each pasty under George’s new arrangement and this might force Bernard’s Pantry out of business with four people losing their jobs. I was immediately suffused with sincerity and offered him (in the fine words of the Bridport News) a “spirited defence” of the surcharge, pointing out that it simply brought it in line with other similar foods. To console him further I offered to buy one of his excellent pies, opting for a cold one of course to remain “on message” with George’s determination to ensure we all did our bit to save the country from ruin. As I left for an important “photo shoot” with a face-painting class at Powerstock village school I’m sure I heard a rude voice at the rear of the street crowd call out “Make sure the bugger pays for it.” I understand from one of my many friends that the “culprit” was one of Mr Miliband’s three Socialists residing in Bridport.
4. I hope to open up an online shop, selling my original creations and refashioned clothing, and I just got a new sewing machine. ::insert mischievous look here:: I still need a dress form though. Anyone know where I can get a good one for a good price?
…and above all
credit: mickyfan
In our non-Council category, the winner was Sultan Knish for One Hundred Broken Mirrors submitted by The Political Commentator, a fascinating look at how history repeats itself and how America looks to the countries we're trying to 'sell' our brand of democracy to.
1 noted
The idea here is that the Lord allowed a lying spirit to enter into the myths of these prophets.
Potato ........ 1 small
Like, it's their culture and that's that. I sort of love them for it.
Blend cream cheese and sugar in processor until smooth and creamy, about 1 minute, stopping occasionally to scrape down sides of bowl. Add eggs 1 at a time, processing 3 to 5 seconds to blend between additions. Add dulce de leche and vanilla; process until blended, about 10 seconds. Spread batter evenly over cooled crust. Bake until just set in center and edges are puffed and slightly cracked, about 38 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool completely.
James S. A. Corey is a pseudonym for Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck that looks like it will be Space Opera series with legs. The cover is awesome and the world has been in development for years as an RPG from Franck. This is the first in The Expanse series.
awaiting for the patterns on that vast and mute wasteland to emerge
Gazelle Twin – Men Like Gods
3:55 p.m. — Pitching yeast.
Don't wait for the rain to stop.
What happened? What prompted this change? Is it because I write everyday so the “special terms” for writing, which can be guised excuses to procrastinate, have diminished significantly? Hmmm…maybe…I do hope this is a good sign.
Their self-image, and to a large extent their professional selling point, depends on posing as high-minded types standing between the partisan extremes, bringing together reasonable people from both parties — even if these reasonable people don’t actually exist. And this leaves them unable either to admit how moderate Mr. Obama is or to acknowledge the more or less universal extremism of his opponents on the right.
and Rah Rah college. He went to Williams College where after a short
In fact, I really can't take credit for making it. Mom and Allison did the hard part, I just mixed up the box cake mix and poured it into the pan. They made the layers and iced it. Using a mold, we just baked the cake and once it cooled, cut the cake horizontally to create 2 layers and iced in between them.
Walter Smith (Nick Nolte) returned. His horse Gettin’ Up Morning is racing. Smith gets a threatening letter from his connections back in Kentucky. It seems that Walter’s horse was sired by a champion. Only Walter and this Colonel (the sire’s owner) had an understanding that Walter didn’t have to pay a stud fee. The Colonel’s stepson is arguing, in this attorney’s letter, that the Colonel was out of his mind – the verbal contract is unenforceable, and we want our $145,000 stud fee and more.
“Gone to the Dogs” is the most mundane of the three stories, in that nobody dies (or comes back from the dead). But it’s just as funny, and it gives a day-in-the-life view of Ethan’s world and a clear perspective on his priorities.
-I love your lashes
I will finally have time to be in my studio and work on my paintings rather than having to be stuck to a 9-5 office job, although I'll still be doing some consulting work, I'll be able to work on my paintings for longer periods of time and have the luxury of drawing and even producing some prints as well.
Nowhere. They’re still there lazing around. They just look different when you focus on what you haven’t done instead of what you have done. – www.tut.com
I am suffering from office post traumatic stress disorder. Regular readers of this blog will remember that last year at this time I had begin working as an Administrative Assistant at a local Phoenix university. Also, you will recollect that this was not a pleasant experience as I had the boss from hell. He was a complete micro-manger, would not even let me send out my own emails without checking it first. Every day working there was like going to battle. I had to steer myself up and each time this awful manager would communicate with me, my defenses were raised. I had to be defensive because he was always looking for excuses to find fault. It made me second guess every comment or note I received from him and in that office.
Indeed, on the evidence of last night, it would seem that the alliance between Neo-Francoist Catholicism and rightist White Evangelicals is alive and thriving and defining the Republican party. Those who see a swarthy, mixed race Hawaiian in the White House and continue to cling to the belief that he is a socialist- Muslim agent provocateur, have their champion in Senator Santorum. Any historical unpleasantness, sectarian or ethnic, will be forgotten in the all consuming passion to drive the President from office. That is, unless you are a Mormon. A papist is one thing, but god-fearing people have to draw the line somewere, right?
next step? have user-chosen ads REPLACE non-chosen ad placement on user-interfaced social media sites like Facebook, Myspace.
Brown corn tortillas in a skillet oiled with cooking spray or if you have a gas stove, you can char them directly on the burner.
I can see making more of these- they are alot of fun!
By Execution Watch
This water – or crying – is healing – without doubt.
103. Rise Blood Hunter
And what about Ramzi’s secret plan. . . ?
Is this like recoating your bath tub?
A competent source close to the NJC told press that Aloma-Muktar asked NJC to reinstate Salami immediately without any condition attached.
"You can count on it lad. Now I've gotta be fecking off!"
Honorable mention: J.J. Abrams, Super 8 – The main reason this is an honorable mention instead of on the list is because it is entirely directed in the style of another director, Steven Spielberg. But it’s one hell of an homage.
John: This book seems like it would have been a massive project to research, uncovering all these photos. Can you give us a little background on how the book came about, the resources, how long it took?
And less than 24 hours after we landed, we hit Little India. Word to those who hate crowds, do not attempt this outing on a Sunday. The area is absolutely packed! Walking is tricky and the crowds occasionally spill off the footpaths onto the road. This didn't really bother us though, and the MCs were super excited to take it all in. The scent of jasmine garlands and the beat of popular Hindi movie soundtracks filled the air.
to travel
I cannot abide people who blame the media for society’s ills. I worked as a newspaper reporter for a decade & I mostly kept my temper under control against waves of ignorant commenters, racist readers and the like. I would almost always go off on people who talked mess about the media, though. This is a disclaimer, because I am irritated by this New York Times piece about births outside of marriage. It reinforces stereotypes about black women while essentially underscoring that while “middle America” — meaning middle class white people — is starting to live more like how people of color in working class and poor communities have been living for generations now. Instead of them becoming ostracized (like in the good old days?) as they do so, they are creating ” a new normal.” The piece reaches back to the 1965 Moynihan Report that referred to the dysfunctional, matriarchal black family (shaped so by slavery, I might add) as one that had produced “a tangle of pathology”:
Second is my other home 'The History Girls' - a daily blog for anyone who loves historical fiction, whether for adults or children, whether straight or with a fantasy twist.
the story is about a girl named Noah who chooses to go to Saint Rinnell after seeing a really handsome guy in one of their brochures. she’s a really talented painter and was adopted by her grandparents when she was young so she’s always loved her family but is a little bit….weird. during the opening ceremony of her school, she sees the guy from the brochure but ends up getting suspended. then her house burns down and since they have a large debt to pay back she started to plan on quitting school but the guy that she followed to the school tells her that he’ll pay for the debt. of course, this leads to a huge mess that i’m really looking forward to
Foer took that advice to mean that we should always retain a little of the restlessness and angst of youthfulness, that idealism that can keep us up at night, that burning desire and belief that we can make a better world. But also we must mature, we must grow into adulthood. We must learn to love the world, as much as we yearn to better it.
We were corralled back on the bus for the final bus leg of our journey which took us through beautiful countryside and quaint little towns. The last 45 minutes of the drive was through Chiquita and Del Monte banana plantations via a ‘massaging’ dirt road. Seeing where our bananas come from was exciting yet a bit concerning; seeing the fruit grow and being excitedly waved at by employees was something I’ll cherish but seeing bananas in vats of who-knows-what chemicals, the private air strips for crop dusting, and feeling like a tourist was not so pleasant. All I can describe the feeling as is strange and new.
4. Reflect upon steps 1-3. Yes, I’m serious. Go back and reflect upon them. You are about to enter the gauntlet.
And oh how he knows it. Von Steuben takes himself seriously because no one else does. His womanizing at the lodge is apparently an annual thing: a conquest of both the women and their men. He seems motivated by nothing but ego. Unlike the protagonist in Foolish Wives, shot by Von Stroheim three years later, there is no suggestion here of a villain in need of money, or protection, or in the grips of nymphomaniacal or sociopathic impulses. There is only a little man who hates himself.
i’ll no longer have to squeeze my garden into nooks and crannies to avoid landscaped areas and shadows from overgrown trees--although that honestly was a fun challenge, and i’m not sure i’ll know what to do with myself having a big, uninterrupted open area. there are a lot of trees at the new place, but only one of them (a giant apple tree smack dab in the middle of the yard) poses much limitation on the space.
I needed some time to focus on me... meaning... my family, my health, my etsy shop, and other me things...
Using your magic wand click on the black part of the wordart, Layers, New Raster Layer
Total cost of this project including coffee and cookies is about $ 6.00! Not too bad!
Rambin Ann got it’s beginning a while ago. I was a moderator on a work at home mom’s message board and I loved to just get on there and write. People suggested I start a blog. It was all new back then and I had no idea how to do that or what to write about. At the end of the day, anything I had to say was of little or no interest to the general public. It was just me letting off steam.
When you thought it held everything.
Been making it over the last few days,gessoed pages first and then went mad with my watercolour paints! My theme was april showers and first colours of spring. Used chipboard letters for the month title and punched out squares for my journalling. Using my neglected whispers pens to doodle on it and add any info.More information and examples also can be found here.
Depeche Mode In your room UK
I have been fascinated by people who live in smaller spaces, either by necessity or choice, for quite some time now. Last April (almost to the day) I profiled a woman who lived in a very tiny Manhattan apartment. I was totally transfixed by the cuteness - and challenges - of her lifestyle. Last Thursday I happened to stumble across this interesting article in the Huffington Post, and then when a good friend forwarded me a very cool page she'd found in Bing Images, I figured it must be time for another look!
Do it for oatcakes
In the end it will probably end up in a priority mail box to Texas like the rest of my frankens, since I really don't want to keep any polishes that I can live without. My sister in law is slowly getting into polish (I like to think I have something to do with that) and I'm planning to send a few down to her. She told me that she has picked up a bunch of new polishes for me recently, so I'll be posting about those once I have them in hand. Hooray for polish mail, and hooray for Colleen!
So, as September slides along, please cross your fingers for me. I totally believe in the power of positive thinking and the collective energy of the blogging community. (And as soon as I have any good news, y'all will be the first to know. I promise.)
Prepare for class
Word of caution: if you end up reading this book, don't be like me and try to make too much of the JFK thing. I initially tried to figure out why this particular incident was supposedly the turning point of American history and why it was so important that King made it the focal point of the entire book. But the same friend who recommended the novel to me pointed out that SK probably just picked a (as Jake calls it) "watershed moment" and wrote a book about it. That was all.
They weren’t waves.
Oh yes, there will be SPOILERS.
3) Hear the wine -Listen to the sound of the wine as it is hitting your glass
Carolina Man is my partner in the truest sense of the word. Yesterday after my mom left to go visit my uncle, he held me as I cried, feeling overwhelmed not only by her departure, but by how my life has changed over the past year. Change for the good is still change, and it can sting in the most unexpected ways. As difficult as it is to feel those things, I know I can do so safely in his arms. No matter how I'm feeling, or what triggered my emotions, he is reassuring and affirming. Those moments are what deepen and solidify the trust we are continually building.
The sky crackled then, thunder came, and lightning
Pay attention to your plant's light requirements and plant accordingly. Full sun plants really do like the sun. Check throughout the day to see how much light your location gets. Planting a full sun flower in the shade won't thrive.
I don't WANT Everything and jalapeno. I want Everything. Just Everything. Not Everything and jalapeno, Everything and paprika, wholegrain Everything and fucking pumpkins seeds. (The other day the "everything bagels" were whole grain with all these seeds and shit on top and they were NOT everything. They were OTHER thing.)
Manger, Leif, ed. Muslim Diversity: Local Islam in Global Contexts. Routledge: London, 1999.
Many Alawites also joined the military. Since Ottoman times, Sunni Arabs had largely spurned army careers, but Alawites welcomed the opportunity for stable income. By 1963, they made up 65 percent of noncommissioned officers in the Syrian army. The rise of Alawites in Syrian society throughout the 1960s was assisted by political infighting among the Sunnis and the Baath Party coup of 1963, which united working-class Alawites and Sunnis under one banner.
If you are interested in obtaining a list of the collections contents, please send an email to barguru@aol.com to obtain a copy. I will be posting the date of the sale on February 21, 2012, as well as the method of bidding.As you may know, I'm a food and drink book collector myself. I’ve just bought a house, though, and dipped into the book budget to do it, so I won’t be buying Brian’s collection. Before Germany claims the rest, you may want to email him.
A Quality Assurance Process for Online Course Design, Development, Maintenance, and Delivery
As someone who has been in education most of my life, and as I hope to inspire a group of activists through my behavior and my blog, I am curious to see what Millennials think of their own generation and of our world currently. Today I had the chance to speak with a former student of mine, Maria Khan. She inspired me and I guarantee her interview will inspire you.
Tempting.
The 2007 Bodegas Paso Robles Vaca Negra ($24) is produced from a blend of 50% Tempranillo and 50% Mourvedre, all of the grapes from Vista Creek in Paso Robles. The wine spent about 21 months in new and neutral French oak. It has an alcohol content of 14.5% and only 192 cases were produced. This was a very impressive wine, especially as Mourvedre is one of my favorite grapes. It had a rich red color with a very compelling nose of bright fruit and spice. When you taste it, your mouth is filled with lush fruit, such as black cherry and hints of blueberry, accompanied by a melange of spice notes and an almost elusive earthy component. Though this would make an excellent food wine, I can enjoy it on its own too. The tannins are mild and the lushness of the wine makes you want more and more. I highly recommend this wine!
2) Have Maggie not cut anyone's hair this year.
Having a problem voting for any candidate is perfectly reasonable. But there’s something else going on in this country with respect to Obama, and no matter what the answer is, it’s not a pretty one. The only choices that make sense:
32-Young Man Blues
to be around friends who understand.
Serving as houses and shops…
Article 14(1) of Directive 2000/31 (the ‘E-Commerce Directive’) restricts the liability of service providers in relation to the ‘hosting’ of information provided by the recipients of its services.
My Grandfather didn’t say much during the ride back to East 4th, but seemed to forget about it by the time we parked in the driveway. We all helped carry up the chairs and another New Years Eve Party at 399 East 4th was well underway. Just waiting for the "ball to drop" and scream "Happy New Year" at the top of our lungs in the Brooklyn of my youth, a long time ago.
Tourism in Ladakh has increased remarkably in past few years, majorly because of development of good hotels in the region and better transport facility. But the tourism and economic development of the region is leading to the degradation of its magical beauty and simplicity. The land is under acute water stress mainly due to development of hotels using modern sewage system.
The level of public outrage is doubly impressive when you consider that about 50% of the population is illiterate. That doesn’t explain why 99% of commentators fail to mention any specific content in the books while raging about their destruction, or why all the focus is on Maliki’s text – as I write, someone just created a “We are all Maliki” Facebook page. Only those who have read them will know that the books do indeed contain reference to slavery. But there is another reason to keep discussion of this hot topic on the back burner, and keep those pots of boiling invective and racist insults frothing and bubbling at the front. The last thing any of the pious rent-a-pitchforkers wants is to have to admit that slavery exists, that it is an ongoing issue, that it is written in the Koran, or that Maliki or anyone else wrote about it. No one is going to bother mentioning that slavery is also mentioned in elaborate detail in the Bible, and also in the Torah – I believe there’s a reference to maidservants, which intimates child slavery, right after the commandments.
The media gives young men a hugely exaggerated view of the benefits a woman offers.This becomes an obstacle as he puts them on a pedestal and immediately loses their respect. These days women are too confused to know anything. The young man has to make the decisions but the women won’t let him. Heterosexuality has been subverted and natural development arrested.
But I'm actually thinking of something a little different - inspired by this clever hoop I saw on Amy's blog, During Quiet Time.
For me, summer begins on a dusky night in mid-June when I spy my first firefly. "Firefly!" I say aloud, like a child, resisting the temptation to find a jar, poke holes in the lid, and capture enough fireflies to make a lantern.
That wise calligrapher, with his curious and open-minded nature gave yet another gift. He reached out to a perfect stranger and embraced me as a friend before he even knew my name. The same can be said of a little girl on roller skates. She came right up to me and smiled with her wishes for peace. I’ve never experienced a more beautiful morning.
This chateau sounded so perfect, but the topper was that there was a dovecote on the property available for rent. A dovecote is a round, tall structure intended for pigeons or doves. The inside is a mass of pigeon holes for the birds to nest. An important food source in Western Europe, they were kept for eggs, flesh and dung. In Scotland, the tradition is continued in urban areas.
Of him who brought us world acclaim,
The 2012 Week of the Young Child is held April 23 through 27. Every spring early childhood educators and programs all over the United States celebrate this week to highlight the importance of quality care and education for young children. This annual celebration is sponsored by the National Association for the Education of Young Children to reach out and emphasize the crucial role that adults play in giving children the foundation needed to succeed in school and beyond. Activities during the week are intended to educate families, students, and faculty to the importance of play in a child’s life and the need for quality care and education.
So it happened again, twice in one month. I’ve fallen in head over heels with an entirely new-to-me food. This time, it’s polenta.
If there was cheesy ground
Today I want to show you how to create a vintage feel to your image and background. This is my DT piece for the PanPastel UK challenge this week and as you can see the theme is animals. So let's see what you can do, you don't have to use PanPastels to be eligible to enter.
That says, "Allain" - a quick search doesn't tell me anything about the maker, other than this is probably from the 50s or 60s. But what an awesome gift!
Surprisingly some of the Tapping words we had been working on were. Stealing: “Even though, I sometimes feel I have to take things that don’t belong to me, because deep down I think I have to have them to feel O.K., I am still a really great kid, and my Mama loves me.”
What I thought of the DJing: The DJs were Melina Sedò, Philippe Gonella (Gitango), Enrico il Mali Malinverni, Théo 'El Greco' Chatzipetros, and Marcel Lambert (Marcelo). It was all good. All the DJ's played proper tandas that made perfect sense and always used cortinas. Everybody cleared the floor. You could stop, find a new partner, organise your evening. Most stuck strictly to the traditional frequency of milongas and valses, others used somewhat fewer. Some also used salsa or rock interludes that were long enough for people to dance to. Melina's style is very smooth (and I think with fewer milongas), others more rhythmic, and I think it was Enrico or maybe Philippe who played some rather jazz-tinged modern versions, I'n not quite sure. There was some quite marked variation of taste, but it was all music that people could use with the style of dance and the floor and the partners. Basically the music for the weekend was 100% traditional by a broadish definition, but perhaps 5-10% was not traditional by all definitions, or not played by the golden age orchestras. But all of it was strong and professionally put together.
QUOTING From Lao Tzu:
Wilco, Gillian Welch, U2, R.E.M., Emmylou Harris, Lyle Lovett, The National, Drive By Truckers, Jason Isbell & 400 Unit, Slobberbone, Bill Mallonee and/or the Vigilantes of Love, Patty Griffin, Buddy & Julie Miller, Bright Eyes, Neil Young, Crosby Stills Nash & Young, Lucinda Williams, Chuck Prophet, Pearl Jam, Sparta, Weezer, Dashboard Confessional, Fleetwood Mac, Elvis Costello, The Police, Bob Dylan, Willie Nelson, John Fogerty, Natalie Merchant, Nickel Creek, Toad the Wet Sprocket, Glen Phillips, Mutual Admiration Society, Ellis Marsalis, Wynton Marsalis, Chick Corea, Tori Amos, Rhett Miller, Old 97s, Rush, Dream Theater, Dixie Dregs, Yes, Kansas, Okkervil River, Modest Mouse, The Pixies, Arcade Fire, LCD Soundsystem, Heartless Bastards, Ben Folds, Eef Barzelay, Clem Snide, The Blind Boys of Alabama, Ryan Adams, Rachel Yamagata, The Rolling Stones, AC/DC, Isley Brothers, Flaming Lips, Kathleen Edwards, Justin Timberlake (at a festival, and he wasn’t bad either), Carole King, James Taylor, Charlie Peacock, Steve Taylor, Newsboys, DeGarmo & Key (one of first shows ever with church youth group, no idea who they were), Geoff Moore & the Distance (opening for DeGarmo & Key), The Decemberists, Justin Townes Earle, Great Lake Swimmers, The Mendoza Line, Elliot Brood, Dave Matthews Band (least favorite show of all time), David Bazan, Pedro the Lion, Neil Diamond (first concert ever when I was 11), Kingston Trio, Smothers Brothers (they have songs!), Franz Ferdinand, Gaslight Anthem, Great Big Sea, New Pornographers, Jars of Clay, Jennifer Knapp, Derek Webb, Jethro Tull, Chubby Checker, The Killers, Jimmy Page & the Black Crows, The Who, Old Crow Medicine Show, Over the Rhine, Paul Simon, Prince, Ra Ra Riot, Roman Candle, Sufjan Stevens, Fun Lovin’ Criminals, Titus Andronicus, Victoria Williams, The Wallflowers, John Mellencamp, Blind Pilot, Deer Tick.
Reilly cut the call, sighed and placed his beer back in the fridge.
4/6 - mushroom (Draw mushrooms on any 4 of the 6 yellow slices)
I'm running my first half marathon on March 4th. Not only will my friend and neighbor Jess be joining me, but so will my long, long time internet bud Amanda. Amanda and I have known each other since my pre-kid days. We both have weims. She always let me pick her brain when I started running--she is a freaking amazing endurance athlete. So to have her down here for my first half makes me excited beyond words. She's been on my top 5 people-to-meet list for quite some time.
I wrote about the different synonyums for f*ck over the years…Making love, having sex, fornication, “Doing it”, intercourse, screwing, copulation, coitus, sleeping with, hump, bang, roll in the hay, get laid,and nooky, among others. I thought I did a great job with the whole beginning, middle and end of a composition. Like I said, I did work hard on polishing it. I remember asking my friends one night for the synonyms, and they were having fun talking about the different sayings.
inks: Dusty Concord Distress Ink, Memento London Fog
Below is an example of our most recent stand design & build project for Sagepay, the ecommerce division of Sage UK. The stand was a huge space as it was the main networking bar at Internet World 2012, and our quirky, effective and eyecatching design & build skills meant that it was the talk of the show. We designed the area, sourced a pedalo towels, deck chairs, wallpaper, sofas and benches and even built a swingset and a pond. There’s nothing we won’t do.
It turns out I have a lot of earrings. Who knew?
4) I'm not anxious for spring one bit. Spring means clean up. And since it's so hot I started nearly a month before last year, and finished on 3/10. The pressure of spring is pissing me off. Get off my back, spring. I'm warning you. Step off, punk.
high level commander of Saul’s army who had left Ish-bosheth
and know only who they are.
As a speaker and trainer, I “perform”. As a career and leadership consultant, I often write and edit, including on another blog.
As I said at the beginning, I did enjoy Shadow of the Colossus. Malus may rank up there with some of the more frustrating final boss battles I’ve endured over the years (mostly because I fell off his shoulder about fifteen times), but overall it’s definitely an interesting and valuable experiment in game design. It has a deep layer of underlying symbolism, it deals with big questions about averting fate and the lengths one’s willing to go to in order to do so, and it’s an incredible achievement for a PlayStation 2 game. In the end though I just can’t own up to feeling as enamoured with it as many others have done since it was released six years ago (or indeed since it was re-released in HD earlier this year). It was good, but not great.
Bring back to gentle simmer
"If you give a fuck, raise your hand!" (Which has a kind of pleasant Catch-22 ring to it.)
Prior to leaving for the meet he had sent letters of interest to the Navy and Army gymnastics coaches. My little chick is interested in joining the military and in going to one of the academies.
and an old age as ripe and warm
## Processing system information.
I love to laugh and I think a whole lot of stuff is chuckle-worthy, so it was pretty cool when I realized my kid was developing the same sense of humor I have (especially when I realized she could have wound up with her dad’s). We spend a lot of time laughing… at each other, at ourselves, at other people (but not in a mean way… mostly), at Life. We like
We are so thankful for these greeters and for the escorts who so lovingly care for these precious children, including our son.
14 PNG Milestone Date tags @ 300ppi
I grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area, but now live in Vancouver, BC with my husband and our 18-pound (it’s true) feline. We call him J. Fredrick Hoover (cuz he’s a vacuum when it comes to kitty kibble). I didn’t even consider becoming a children’s novelist until my mid-30’s. Before that discovery I was building my career as a screenwriter/filmmaker and before that I was a performance poet and director of two literary non-profits. Through all of that I’ve always been a teacher. I’ve taught in public and alternative schools, as an artist-in-the-schools, for festivals and conferences, and as a contract instructor at the college-level.
Well, I gotta give it up to New York Giants. I'm so glad they beat those cheating bastards, the New England Patriots. Oh it's real. So we went to a Superbowl party complete with a DJ. Nothing puts me in the mood for football like a loud arse version of Souljah Boy. We did go nuts when Burress got that touchdown. But the wife and I picked up some Spring Seasonal of Blue, and some Blueberry beer. I figured the womenfolk would feel the fruit beer, but no one touched it. Nothing like a beer to mix with that haterade.
TOMMY’S RESPONSE:
She peed. Then she cried, the thick fabric binding her eyes darkened with the tears that fell more profusely than the pathetic spray of urine warming her thighs.
"Runnin' Wild" - 3:38
I almost had to handcuff myself to leave my card sans flowers and pearls - I didn't want to cover up any more of the recycled card AND I quite liked the clean lines as they were.
Boy, do I have a story to tell you beautiful readers. This story will make you fear for my safety in the town that I live in, and also for the safety of Handbasket, at whom all of this behavior was directed.
We got an extra minute of daylight today. I think I really felt it....not.
As I’m approaching the end of my first year, I’m hoping to take part in the third year out in industry that my course offers. It’s not a given to be able to do this, therefore we are expected to already have work experience to be considered for a year long paid internship. However, as I am only in my first year of uni and I don’t have head office experience, I appreciate that the time it will take to train me to do an intern’s job probably cancels out any wages a company could afford to pay me. I really want to get experience, not just because I need experience to get a paid job or to put it on my CV, but because I actually want to submerge myself in the area of the industry that I’m passionate about, which for me means a retailer’s head office. I’m lucky enough that if I was offered a dream internship and it was unpaid, I would be able to get by on savings from working and my parents are able to support me (whether they actually would is the big question..!).
3/$4.00 Nabisco Convenience Packs 3.8-8 oz. – with in-ad coupon – limit 3
We have a date for signing the acte de vente.
I decided that whilst I had a little time and wanted a bit of a break, I would do some Christmas baking. So the other day I found a great recipe and set about baking some Christmas Spice Biscuits. I must say that actually they are really nice, even if I say so myself.
Her hair really sucked up the oil and her hair is sooooo soft.
I looked about for a beer stall, and sure enough there was one. But also there appeared to be a wine festival on. I am happy to share my knowledge of wine. It comes in 3 types. There is red and white and rose for the ladies. These wines are sub divided into cheap stuff that makes you wince and takes a few swigs to get the hang of, mid priced stuff that doesn’t make you wince and you are better off buying if you either have a lady friend or wish to impress a lady and the really pricey stuff that appears little better than the mid priced stuff that is great to neck if someone else is picking up the bill. I am aware there are grape varieties, countries and regions that subdivide wine further but have never ventured into discovering this due to a lack of interest in something I have long considered to be a poncy way of getting pissed. I prefer a more egalitarian way of getting pissed, hence my love of beer and more specifically cheap beer.
While I’m talking about how times have changed – what’s the big deal with sex these days? Some people are so uptight about it, saying that kids are getting worse and whatever – but hasn’t sex always existed?? Back in the gladiator times, people just used to fuck all over the place.. Henry had eight wives! … Weren’t people really promiscuous in the 60s? Have things really gotten worse? Or were they always like this but just more under the table because people didn’t have mediums like Facbeook and mobile phones to publicise what they’re doing or send sexts.
gathering a mob for a demonstration against a New York tabloid that
Nancy Bray, University of Alberta. The Garden of Forked Pasts: Internet Genealogy as Cybertextual Storytelling
+ Listening to....
I have now been using the phone for over a week, and these were some observations, some I believe will also be applicable for Arc S users since ICS is a bit of resource hog and seems to have been designed with higher memory, graphics and multi-core capabilities in mind.
Within two weeks, I gleefully found (and subsequently boasted about the fact) that I had reached my first 100 views.
The downside is that not all email clients (programs) translate the HTML the same. Some block images. Some block formatting. But that happens with ANY HTML mail. MailChimp also provides a text-only option that subscribers can choose (blecchh) and a link to a webpage with the newsletter looking all pretty if their browser is blocking. The web option means you can also embed the newsletter into your blog, if you want (I created two versions of the first newsletter before we merged the SMP subscriber list with Jennifer's.)
At the other end of the scale, The Hippodrome was the most fabulous theatre ever built in the United States. Located across the street from Bryant Park, Thompson and Dundeebuilt it to showcase mammoth fantasy spectacles like A Yankee Circus on Mars and Neptune’s Daughter. According to Nicholas Van Hoogstratten in his book Lost Broadway Theatres, “it would seat more people (4,500-5,200 depending on how the space was configured) more times per week (14) to watch more performers (1,000, give or take a few horses or elephants) on a stage twelve times bigger than a regular Broadway house.” The Brobdinagian Hip was outfitted with a retractable hydraulic floor and swimming pools for water shows of the sort film fans now associate with Busby Berkley and Esther Williams.
From the soft lulling balladry of ‘Alternate Ending’ to the heartbreaking ‘Kiss My Ashes Goodbye Part 1′ and ‘Part 2′, this is a record that grows with listens as well as saddens. It’s up there with Woods Of Ypres’ best work. Despite the horrible tragedy that will always be associated with this album, we can still bask in its beauty and truly celebrate the life of an immensely talented musician. RIP David Gold.
I hope your Christmas season is full of family, friends, love, sharing and joy.
The Sunday Times has seen extracts of the damning statements, which were compiled by shocked police officers present at the meeting in Durban last month.
Contact: Amyre Loomis at the Office of Council Member James - (718) 260-9191
find it
When Stephen Hawking walks on his own two legs,
Why can't more you bloggers be Sydneysiders?
You see, I don’t want to spend a life wrapped up in trivial pursuits! There really is just a few really important things in life isn’t there, and I hope so much that I've wrote them somewhere within here!
I urge anyone who considers that publishing is broken to do their best to first understand the business properly before announcing how it should be fixed. If you're convinced you know how it could be changed for the better then make sure you understand the full implications of that change; because that way you might get listened to by the people with the power to make those changes, and you could make a truly significant difference.
While better, my foot is still in pain, so this is Day 2 of trying not to put any pressure or weight on it. I did end up going to the gym last night, and doing some seated, upper-body weight lifting, and that felt good, and I may do that tonight as well. I’m aching to do some cardio, but I know I can’t. Still haven’t decided what to do about this Saturday’s big stair climb challenge. I’ve gone to bed the past two nights hoping that I’d wake up miraculously better, but so far, that hasn’t happened. The stair climb is now 3 days away, and I’m leaning towards postponing it, because even if I do wake up miraculously healed, after a few days off my feet, I don’t think I’d be ready for 163 nonstop stories. I want to be strong and prepared for this challenge, and not unsure if I’ll make it, and definitely not holding back because of fear of injury.
Stumbling upon the uneven roads,
Pie………. and ice cream
Oh there’s an emptiness insider her
2 boneless chicken breasts, diced
After accidentally missing the deadline to submit a title for last year's edition of the White Elephant Blogathon, I made it a point to participate this year.
Welcome to our 21st Century Christmas.
Of course, they just announced the new Nikon D3200. So, I have that as my option if I’m willing to wait longer. But if you’re an avid photographer, any recommendations?
Whether you’re a boutique owner attending craft fairs, a retail company frequenting trade shows or a doctor who makes house calls, this app is for you.
“500 years ago, you came to our pristine lands of great forests, rolling plains, crystal clear lakes and streams and rivers. And we have suffered in your quest for God, for Glory, for Gold. But, we have survived. Can we survive another 500 years of ‘sustainable development?’ I don’t think so. Not in the definitions they put ‘sustainable’ in today. I don’t think so. So, reality and the natural law will prevail: The Law of the Seed and Regeneration.
Some additional feel to the mainstream family hatchbacks it's targeting but purely on a cheap budget may need to chat again to their additional passenger space. Although the mitsubishi commercial song line. Now Mitsubishi has a healthy 134bhp and torque of 240Nm produced at a lowly 2,000rpm, the mitsubishi commercial song line of the mitsubishi commercial song line like Ford's Focus and Vauxhall's Astra so it will in mine.
9:10am: As we readied for indoor soccer, I looked in Nola’s backpack for her waterbottle and instead discovered papers stuffed in a side compartment that her older sister Holly was supposed to have returned to school this past Wednesday. No - papers Holly claimed she did in fact return. Nola looked genuinely confused. Holly’s response ? “Huh…guess I didn’t” . She deliberately put them in her sister’s bag - one backpack is blue, one is a pink Hello Kitty.
Today we celebrate the resurrection of the Lord. We are called to think about our own sinfulness and, as we do that, to remember especially that Christ died for us while we were still in our sin. He went to the cross for each of us to reconcile us to God and to each other.
2 Corinthians 5:17 This means that anyone who belongs to Christ has become a new person. The old life is gone; a new life has begun!
I didn’t have an entire bag of coffee…but I had a little…plus I just couldn’t wait 8 hours for it to steep.
If anybody has any ideas I'm all ears.
Hi Everyone and Welcome to my new followers. Time has flown and last Week-End I was away in London. But first I want to share with you my finished piece called "Wish Upon A Star" by Andree Langhorn. I received the kit from Mary Grace as a Christmas present. It came from Cross Stitcher, from the December 2007 issue. I stitched this while I was away in London and finished it off when I got back. The kit had plenty of threads/floss, so I might stitch it again.
Then shake the mixture and stir it and leave it to rest
Yeah, spend your time with Yuuko, Teiichi-kun! I think this episode doesn’t have anything that is serious…
Margaret Thatcher
The victim told policemen that she was showing the suspects, a man and woman, the unit when they had suddenly locked the doors and attacked her. The woman suspect had apparently stood and watched while her male accomplice molested the victim.
1 teaspoon caraway seeds, finely ground
His speech came as an already difficult relationship with Mr. Karzai has been strained by recent events, including the release of photos showing American soldiers posing with the remains of Taliban insurgents and an American staff sergeant who has been charged in the killing of 16 Afghan civilians. Mr. Obama sought to portray the withdrawal as an unalloyed achievement, though it remains far from certain that the Afghan government can hold its own against the Taliban with reduced American support, or that what were once considered critical American goals here can still be met.
"According to this article, Americans claiming to be Catholic believe that you can disagree with Church teachings and still call yourself Catholic!"
Probably the funniest part of the whole deal was seeing me walk into an African beauty supply store and asking for the largest rollers in da house along with aligator clips to go along with it. Oh, and do you have any sheer pink/purple nighties around for sale. . .?
The bottom line is that we still have a choice. Do we turn to look at the bush? Do we move toward it? Do you move toward visions from God or away? Do you speak to God in the vision? Do you obey? When all is said and done do we allow visions to really move us?
7:30AM -- EAS shake
Favorite Network TV Comedy
“That’s the problem when you deal with media too much. I hope she learns her lessons. She should be more prudent this time. Kailangan may ammunition bago ka bumaril.”
And then came her performance at the 1986 Grammy Awards, where she sang “The Greatest Love of All”.
August 22 - Nick Ashford, pop/R&B songwriter ("Ain't No Mountain High Enough"), 69
*By the by, I consider the title to be a bit of a joke or sort of ironical since I clearly don’t feel played.
Loki’s a great character, and different writers have set him against Thor in different ways. Sometimes he’s the grand manipulator. Sometimes he’s the catalyst of disaster. Sometimes he gets his hands dirty and fights. He’s funny and charming, like Milton’s Lucifer, only less predictable. He’s sometimes even a hero. Here he’s as glum as everybody else.
in a sharp and clanging expanse.
Eyes last, vision quenched,
Men with early stage prostate cancer who make intensive changes in diet and lifestyle may stop or perhaps even reverse the progression of their illness, according to a study. A US study that looked at half a million people found that red meat and processed meat eaters died prematurely more frequently than other people.
This movie is incredibly tender (amongst all the brattiness and foul profanity). It is a real THEOLOGY OF THE BODY movie (with reservations) in more ways than one. First of all, Matt’s wife, Elizabeth, is in a coma for the entire movie—lying there in her hospital bed. And everyone TALKS to her because it’s HER and EVERYONE knows that. Elizabeth IS her body, her body IS Elizabeth—right till one of the closing shots (don’t wanna spoil).
"We are more or less in a vacuum," says Jens Nordvig of Nomura in New York. "We are entering a very dangerous phase."
Upper left is the jurassic maki, lower right is the seabreeze maki and those which are served horizontally is the crazy maki. I enjoyed more the seabreeze maki, it has this crunchy stuff in the middle of it.
As the members of the Medical Brigade were given the tour, a young woman worked in the minimalist kitchen, preparing the family’s food. Under a tarp to shield from the bright sun and over a narrow workbench she kneaded corn flour, turning the dough into hand-pressed tortillas which then went onto a wood-fire stove. The stove was adobe brick itself and attached to the outside of the home. A pot of beans bubbled next to the two ‘burners’ occupied by the tortillas.
I used a little plastic mufffin tin for freezing our Spring Goals;
It’s a secured facility.
So carefully, that she would hear if any clock was slower then the others.
Not one to let a half-baked hunch go unexplored, Jake heads down to the local Tower Records and buys a copy Holly Goes to Hollywood on VHS (it was also available on Beta). After some diligent fast-forwarding, he soon discovers that the body in question belongs to Holly Body (Melanie Griffith), a svelte porno queen who seems to be modeled after Cara Lott (who appears briefly in a scene with Brinke Stevens). Determined to get close to Holly, Jake weasels his way into the adult film industry. Actually, all he did was make a phone call, show up for an audition, recite his two lines, and he was in.
We got through the door and I wasn’t planning on going any farther. I sat on the birth ball and leaned on my husband, then started begging for drugs. It wasn’t that it was so horrible… it was that I was convinced I couldn’t do it. I was still waiting for it to get worse! They kept telling me if I got into bed they would give me something, and I kept moaning that I didn’t want to move. I even tried to convince the doctor that if he gave me drugs, I would make sure my mother-in-law worked there as long as he needed her to! (In my head, I was trying to figure out how to break this to my mom!) Finally, the nurse agreed to
“When did it become okay to text mum happy birthday?”
Mix for 30 seconds at low speed, then add half the egg mixture on medium speed for 1 min. Add the rest of the egg mixture in two batches, mixing each for 30 seconds. Spoon the batter into the loaf pan and spread evenly. Bake for 55 min.
The first time I had pesto was when my dad and I went on a hiking trip in Moab, Utah. Moab is a town in the middle of nowhere, and it's famous for Arches National Park. We hiked several trails while there and saw lots of arches. We ate dinner at one of the few local restaurants, and I ordered smothered nachos for dinner. They were gourmet nachos and had sundried tomato pesto and pine nuts sprinkled on them. I ate them like they were going out of style. Until....
I hope they prove to be everything I had hoped and more once they arrive in the mail!
I use a quart size container of chicken broth... I like the one from Costco... Chicken stock.
At the meeting of my thighs?
I tug my beard with respect at Dr Evil Scientist - his plans to take over the world might only stretch as far as the office toilet, but he does it with such grandeur that I live in hope.
i am four months into being a dragon mom, & this baby is more perfect for me right now than a 'perfect' baby could ever be.
After a good few hours of sitting, exploring, talking and laughing we made our way back down Newtimber for lunch and respite. A typical ‘Greasy Spoon’ café on the side of the A23 was where we quenched our need for tea and cake. I could imagine Roy and John sat somewhere like this…discussing the occult and magical artes over a brew and a roll-up even though I had never met them. It seemed just being at Newtimber evoked their memory within so strongly it was like I had known them years!
Christian smiles-"Let's go find out."
Thankfully our little darling is just four months old (today) so we are free to change it right.
Unless you are like Auntie and I, who run our own Speak Easy, (no address given. So please don’t ask), the theme of 1920s is so done. But what’s sexy right now? An equally inebriating decade: the 1960s. Throwing a 1960s Mad Men themed party will make you the talk of the town. This is how
Some people just don't understand.
STEP 6: Here comes the sewing! Measure out a strip of your fabric a few inches longer than the measurement that goes all along the sides and top (you will more than likely have to stitch a couple pieces of fabric together to get the full length). You want the width of the fabric to be 3 inches wider than the depth of the headboard. This will allow you enough fabric to place two rows of piping along the edges. Make sure the width between the two rows of piping measures the same width as your headboard.
932 ***D-III/20/1986. “The State Constitutions in 1787.” Gannett Lecture Series, Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, New York. (Incorporated in Item C-1986(6), above, and in Item B-4, above, pp. 149-66, 323-24 (1989).)
RSVP is essential for this event, please email membership@contemporaryartsociety.org
The Gini coefficient (G) is a measure of the inequality of a statistical distribution, ranging from perfect equality when all the members of a population have equal share in some property such as income (G = 0) to perfect inequality when all the property is owned by a single person (G = 1). This inequality can be represented as a Lorenz Curve, which shows the cumulative proportion of a property belonging to the cumulative proportion of a population. This can be interpreted in reference to the line y = x, which represents perfect equality, and the further away the Lorenz curve lies away from this line the more unequal distribution.
Blending :
It’s still true, though.
A shout reaches my ears and a red hot tracer round zips by my leg. The lights of the compound shine through the darkness, creating an artificial dappled green tinge.
1. I usually forget stuff. Beginning trip preparations this far in advance gives me a greater chance of NOT forgetting things. I am writing stuff down, and checking it off as I accomplish. Case in point? I looked for my camera, found it, and am now charging both batteries. Then I am going to PACK the camera so we make sure that it goes on the trip.
I have some photos from Sunday when we went to a friend's farm and rode horses! Liv was supposed to be riding with her dad, because I had never really ridden a horse...but ah the terrible two's. She threw an absolute fit and was scaring the horse, soooo she ended up with me.
late.
How to Sign Up:
Since you been gone I can do whatever I want
6 - a warm home & plenty to eat
The story of Gwen and Alfie unfolds during Christmas at Alfie's family home, Creake Hall. Gwen, who is alone in the world, becomes involved in her boyfriend's family and their secrets.
St. Francis de Sales encourages us to sober persistence: slow and steady wins the race. The Church has faithfully guided us, as promised, and will continue to do so. Our faithful obedience and humility will win the "race". Why is it so hard? Why do we rush from this to that, with itching ears? There are no spiritual "Cliffs Notes"…we have to read the book, pray the prayers, and turn our hearts to God day after day. We have to face the challenges of life with sober persistence. There are no Gnostic "secrets", no shortcuts; no easy answers or solutions.
91 not
Here we are again today for the Quiltville Yard Sale!! Last month was a whole lot of fun!! I think I spent more than I made...and that pretty much is the norm for me!! Loved all my goodies I received!!
Hello
Another opportunity we have at Heartland is the missionary prayer band. We meet at 6 PM every Saturday to read prayer letters from missionaries around the world and to lift them up before the Lord. There is a great emphasis each week on different unreached people groups. Missionary prayer band is one of the highlights of my week. I'm so grateful so be able to have a part. Yet one more exciting opportunity I have is learning sign language. I've wanted to learn for several years so as soon as I heard the church has classes each Sunday before the evening service, I knew it was something else the Lord wanted me to be involved in. I'm so excited to finally be learning how to sign! It is a beautiful language. I can't wait to be able to communicate with the deaf people in the church.
We are currently booking a few shows and looking to book a tour aiming to hit a few other areas and we are also looking at working with a couple of new promoters to branch out further. Also in between shows and booking we will be writing and rehearsing new material to go towards the new album.
Nope, the students had to bring their own lunch and eat whatever students might have had back in the olden days!!
Mr. Jones continued to yell that he had the right to show his breasts in public and wanted to be recognized as a female.
Card & Paper: From my stash
48. Freddy Monday-Everything Anyhow (Self-Released)
The rest of April is shaping up to be busy: Earth Day, Arbor Day, Beltane. (Let's not speak of Tax Day). My mind is racing with ideas, which is a good thing! I am finally waking up with the Spring. Tough winter and many changes in the daily life....new attitude and lots to do!!!
“I don’t know. I like Radio Disney.”
A Liverpool pub, The Jacaranda, has a mural in the downstairs bar which John Lennon had a hand in painting when he was an art student, and this creates fascination and joy at the thought of someone so famous being part of it. The painting is well executed but not devoted to a high purpose, but conveys feelings because we know who was involved.
What I wonder is how it's possible to have a formalist approach to fantasy or science fiction that is not also perfectly applicable to other sorts of writing. Is there a specifically formalist approach to SF?
love this chair oh-so-much! i am considering this for our family room (it matches the current furniture nicely, and i love the pattern)
- Smoke’t: Tuesday Nights at 8:15 pm – Although cute, the announcer sped through six rounds of a combination of sports, celebrity, history, music and miscellaneous trivia. Some questions were downright difficult while others were basic. I’m normally very good at name that artist, but these music questions were name that title. Obviously I failed at this round. The trivia section was packed with about eight groups of up to six. Positive: You won’t be breaking the bank here because cocktails and deserts are 2 for 1 and teams win gift certificates for winning first, second or third. Negative: Difficult questions for people under the age of 30.
C’mon, are you singing “I’m Alright” by Kenny Loggins this very second? You’re wiggling around in your chair doing the Gopher-Dance too, aren’t you? I thought so! Me too….
Here is what I got in my box:
Sadly, it's not all roses around here, as he is swiftly moving into the real Terrible Twos and repeating the same bad behavior over and over again. He favorite bêtise is throwing toys out the windows of our first floor (second for Americans) apartment. Since all the windows are door-sized (with a tall grill so no bodies fall out, thank you) it's really easy for him and he thinks it's hilarious, no matter how many times we punish him. One of these days it will sink in, I hope!
We may have survived but I can’t recall whether Mumtaz Mufti questioned the loss of East Pakistan in 1971. What happened to all those miracles and spiritual dimension? In any event, such narrative in today’s time seems quite futile because the definition of war has been changed. We are not fighting any external (infidel) enemy our enemy (the Taliban and militants etc.) lives amongst us and is engaged in the power struggle. However, people like Zaid Hamid are still harping on those old and fictitious tales of 1965.
“I think it was unfortunate but we had a system that kept that in a very compartmented manner,” Powell said. “And so I was aware that these enhanced interrogation techniques were being considered. And they were judged not to be torture at the time.”
But these and all, and the brown and spreading land, and the mines
I pour the tea and we sit in the kitchen with our cups. ‘Sorry, I have no cake,’ I say.
Netley could have been forgiven for thinking the game was over at half-time. Having won sixteen of their previous eighteen league games, they can also include reigning Southampton Premier League champions, Bush Hill, as one of their scalps, having beaten them in the semi-finals of the Trophyman Cup. They trounced second placed Allbrook 4-0 last week in a game that went some way to decide who would win the divisional title. Perhaps the confidence they had taken from the victory turned to complacency in the spring sun. Our mood at the final whistle was in stark contrast to the silence of half-time. Although Paul Dyke reminded us that we had come back from two-nil down twice this season, albeit against inferior opposition, the statistic didn't seem to register with us. We looked embarrassed at having believed we could give Netley a run for their money.
that stain. Slide. A slippery
Anyway, it's nice to see that there are some marketing people out there who actually read this thing. No charge, Pepsi.
All-in-all, it may have cost more than I would normally want to splurge on a meal ($110 each person plus $30 wine pairings). But a steal for the caliber of chefs and dishes that was part of the experience - I would never have any glimmer of hope of tasting the genius of a Urasawa creation otherwise! Definitely one of the best meals I've had in LA - and to make it even better, it's all for a good cause!
images via HabitusLiving.com
LIMERICK REVIEW: There once was a suspended cop named Ben;
My bud came over last night & I was able to introduce him to the fine art of homebrewing. Unfortunately, my LHBS was out of roasted barley so we were not able to make the oatmeal stout I had wanted to try. The guys down at the homebrew shop talked me into trying a hefeweizen. A hefe!!!! Ya'll, I have to admit it - I'm not that big a fan of wheat beers, but the guys convinced me that homebrewed Weizen beers taste so much better than the bottled versions. I took the bait & we picked a recipe from a book on clone beers for my buddy & I to try out. Well, here is the simple recipe that we used:
State-ordered remedies have not stopped toxic pollution from Suncor Energy’s oil refinery north of Denver — with new data showing benzene levels in Sand Creek and the South Platte River more than doubling last month.
The result of this scarcity is for men to be treated like commodities, essentially as breeding studs. Women set up "households," which are comprised of several wives, one of whom actually "owns" the husband and therefore wields most of the power, and others who exist lower in the hierarchy and have less say in household decisions.
Thanksgiving is almost here and my favorite follows close after...CHRISTMAS! You guys, I have loved Christmas from my very first breath. There is something so magical, inspiring, and amazing about Christmas,our Savior's birth, the season and the feeling I get just thinking about it. I truly LOVE this time of year. With that being said, I've been so busy this past week. Saturday my sister got married and I was her matron of honor! Her wedding turned out beautiful and I think it was everything she could have ever dreamed of!
that You are the greatest gift of all--our wonderful Savior,
guilty of hosting copyrighted material”. Presumably that means the copyright holder would have to convince the government department of an offense, and that body would then have to convince a judge that an offense had taken place.
4) How are you finding northern Ireland interms of your preparedness? What are the money issues? Are there any specific things you would like to do but are prohibited? Are there any things you couldn’t do in Argentina but can do there? How is the economy/Job market/petrol prices/expatriate situation?
Also written this many times now, the "French Heritage" DNA study, which was expected to "prove" all these alleged "Frenchmen" were ancestors of the Métis people indicates that the Métis (and Acadien) patriarchs were actually an extremely diverse group of people with origins in both East and West Asia, Africa (North and West), and pretty much all around the world, not just France and not just Europe. They may have worked for "the French" and some may have been francophone, besides speaking their own language which was Michif, but they could hardly have been said to be "French". As a group the Métis patriarchs were themselves métis: "mixed" or multiracial peoples of many ethnicities.
In a bowl use a spoon to mix the miso and tahini together. Add the apple cider vinegar, sweetener of your choice, cayenne pepper and stir until well combined. Use a whisk to mix in the water. Store in the refrigerator. The sauce will thicken after it cools.
Image - Pillowtalk from Sugar Nellie at Funky Kits
Laxmi holds up her hard-won annulment. (AFP)At an age when most kids are learning to walk, Laxmi Sargara was already married. Her husband, Rakesh, was just three-years-old when family sealed the deal on their fate. She was one.
Does this sound to you like a good thing, a skill you want to learn? If you're an artist--a working artist, someone who makes art for a living--does this sound like something for which you want to be known? And if you're a working artist, isn't this just the tiniest bit insulting to you, this implication that you take things to which you have no legal right and which you have no intention of returning?
I rented a four-by-eight foot shelved niche at $65 per month. She would collected the money from the sales and at the end of the month would deduct the rent, and cut me a check for the balance. For the first three months, October through December, I covered my rent on the very first day of the month. At he end of that period, I had netted nearly $3,000!
Contrary to what we have been led to believe, the hunter-gatherers lived longer, healthier lives than their farmer successors. A varied diet and small group size guarded hunter-gatherers from the poor nutrition and epidemics that were constant companions to civilized humans. A flat social structure implied a rough equality or at least not much of a differentiation since wealth was in the forests and not in the hands of individuals.
Lift, lift, lift; God’s change and changing
Both the refuge of the weak.
She looked pretty silly.
i personally find inworld snapshots, rather than ones taken in my big white box, to be more… interesting. and while it certainly can be a challenge to find the right sim to use as a backdrop, it is a challenge i am willing to take on! because otherwise?
Between Grantham talking like a badass and our safeties talking about being the best in the SEC, I really, really, really like the attitude our defense is taking on this Spring. And “Rambo and the Hitman” is possibly the coolest name ever conceived for a safety duo. Wait, not possibly…. certainly.
Game One:
82. Darjeeling Limited
It is important to note the different types of experiences that we may have and how they affect us, starting at a physical level. We may experience different sensations or currents within the body itself. Spontaneous movements or yoga kriyas may arise that may cause us to perform a certain yoga posture or breathe in a certain manner. The body may feel light, clear or even filled with light or space. Sometimes we may experience tremors, feelings of ungroundedness, or loss of physical coordination for a time. Such physical experiences need to be gauged relative to the condition of our body and nervous system overall.
Day 23: Besides changing the outcome, what is one thing you would have done differently?
I want to offer the reins of this challenge blog over to someone else...could it be you?
Chopped strawberries - 1 and 1/2 cups
What a week! I officially started classes last Tuesday at Bradley. I have one week under my belt and only 15 months to go! For those of you that don't know, I was accepted in to Bradley's Accelerated Nursing program. It's a 15 month 2nd Bachelor's Degree program that I will finish by August of 2012. There are only 7 of us in the program, so I'm thinking we'll be pretty much like family when the whole thing is over! It's Bradley's second year of offering this particular program, which is kind of neat to say that I am a part of it. Anyway, I'm in Health Assessment right now, so I've been finding pulses and listening to any one's heart I can get a hold of! It's interesting to hear what a "normal" heart sounds like and see how a "normal" heart actually works. It's interesting to compare all of this to Livvy's "broken" heart, since that's all I really knew.
Anyway, Ebony was sneezing and a little out of it for a while. Unfortunately, I was sick with a cold too. Sneakers has been sneezing this week and sleeping almost 24 hours as opposed to 20 and withdrawn. He is recovering and feeling better but it is a little up and down. He wanted to snuggle under the covers this morning. He was withdrawn there for a while which is not his usual style. Last night he had 4 sneezes right in a row, whew! He happened to be laying on me at the time. He gets this funny look when he is about to sneeze and wrinkles up his nose. So I gave him some reassurance, petting him gently.
At first, this seemed like a disaster. But it gave the nurse an opportunity to remember me, and my history, and to suggest that we reorganise the test with the help of one of the consultants, so that I could have privacy during it, and senior medical supervision to reassure me. Whilst I was not overly concerned about making a fool of myself, because I know my panic attacks aren’t my fault and aren’t anything to be ashamed of, I was worried at the prospect of upsetting the other patients. And I definitely felt much better about having the test with a consultant present rather than a junior doctor. So, although it was a little annoying to have wasted fuel and time and effort getting to the hospital and all to no avail, I do feel that perhaps things have worked out as they should have done, even if this will mean a further delay.
Have a great weekend, everyone. Chat again soon.
"Don't call, I'll give you a ring."
These granola bars are wonderfully adaptable. My version includes flax meal and oat bran for some healthy bonus points. They’re chewy with a bit of crunch from the roasted peanuts. Peanut butter, honey and banana are melted and mixed to hold these bars together. I dare you not to eat a spoonful.
Publisher: Avon
to match the mood and action of the book. Fifteen year old Lindy’s family have been rocked by the death of two year old Jemma. Mum doesn’t get dressed anymore and sits round all day drinking, Dad spends his time in the bookies, the two older brothers are in prison and nine year old Sean nags for food. Vulnerable and lonely, Lindy thinks her cousin Colin has come to rescue her. But she soon realises he has trapped her into the shadowy and dangerous world of international drug dealing. Lindy is terrified she will end up in prison like her brothers. Support comes from a surprising quarter, fellow misfit fifteen year old Karl, who is mute. But Karl is resourceful and intelligent. Together they embark on a desperate path to ensure Lindy’s freedom.
I got up at six o'clock to go to the famous Sensoji temple complex in Asakusa. Going to a temple is new year tradition.
Boil noodles in H2O with a little sal de mer and a few drops of oil for no more than 5 minutes. Immediately rinse with cool H2O. Drain well. Dribble a little oil over noodles and mix. Cool in fridge.
-Cold water
Last but not least I attended an event yesterday organized by Dutch magazine Esta. I was selected out of 150 nominees to compete with 2 other talented women for the "creative" woman of the year award.
Plain and reliable. And I don't mean that in a derogatory way!
And next week I get to go to the oldest city in North America, St. John's, Newfoundland with an eye to moving there or near there in July. I am so excited I could burst. I've been told I'll get get sick of the weather. I've been told, the fog will drive me crazy. It's crowded, and omg the crime rate is crazy now!
Yes, it's true. Scott and I tagged along (and Slade) for the entire date. I wasnt going to miss out. We asked her the night before if we could dress up and go. Her response, "You guys can't go to homecoming because you are already married. Just come in your work out clothes."
No doubt this is a piece of good news for my family especially my Hubby. But this isn't a smooth sailing pregnancy for me maybe due to my age as I'm considered 'old' to have a baby. This aunty here is going to be 38 in October this year.
I splurged on a new pair of black boots, and attempted, with NO success, to locate a pair of tan boots. Apparently no one--not even on the web!--is making tan boots this year. Unless you buy Christian Dior. Which I don't. And the Dior boots probably wouldn't fit my calves, because apparently bootmakers think calves my size are grotesquely large. Is this a problem for anyone else? I really don't think I'm freakish looking in the calf area but I can't get on 75% of the boots I try.
RTE is this evening reporting that Johnny Ronan and Richard Barrett’s Treasury Holdings has commenced legal action against NAMA seeking damages and challenging the constitutionality of the NAMA Act. It is not clear from the report but it is probably the application has been made inDublin’s High Court but there are no records of the application there as yet.
yesterday I had my dear friend Christingpher over for a meal and some wine and beer, so I decided a daytime yomp around part of Sheffield sampling pubs along the way would be a good "practice" before the feasting started. Despite the fact that it was St Patricks day, so pubs were likely to be full of wearying behatted hobby drinkers, I was determined not to let this put me off my quest.
Location: Little Wok
(audience beside themselves)
I think I am going to change things up a bit. I am going to get up and exercise right away.
Then I saved it. It's now ready to be printed out to be inked. Obviously, when I cleaned it up I took out a lot of the sketching details--that's because I tend to put the shadows and wrinkles in while rendering.
Well, . . . for me, today’s lesson-in-loving scene at Eilers Park,
That's right, he's throwing a bunch of session beers on and giving me a chance to talk about this passion of mine for great-tasting 'little beers.' Now, I do have to say: there are a few beers in the bunch that are over 4.5%. It ain't a perfect world. But it's a PAYG event, with pints and half pints, so if you don't want the 4.5+ beers, don't buy them. Or do, suit yourself. They'll also have specialty hot dogs, made by chef Jason Goodman, and I'm looking forward to that, too.
I checked later. 6 races, 6 losers. Reminded me of the good/bad old days.
Drain chicken broth/water from can into a measuring cup. Add additional water to reach specified liquid measurement, according to package directions, and proceed to cook the quinoa.
This can be served warm or cold. It was originally part of a recipe-testing project that required me to use Trader Joe’s products, so you’ll notice that in the dressing I recommend using one of their items, but it can easily be substituted as I note.
The tarp is a square. I have 4 kids. One kid for each corner. We stretched it out, each kid stood on their corner to hold it down and I went to wrestle the pool out of the storage bin and dragged it over to the middle of the tarp. Then I unfolded it. I would be embarrassed to admit how many times I spoke with annoyance and irritation through gritted teeth at my kids, who where having trouble standing still on their respective corner... So, I won't admit to anything.... I certainly don't admit that I threatened, no less than 50 times, to sell the pool on craigslist, scoop up all the sand and take it back to the store, and not have a pool this year. *whistles*
Well, it's not the obviously awesome potting bench repurposed from our discarded kitchen cabinets, because that was a birthday present a few years ago.
Tuesday morning…another cold one! It is staying in the 0°F or lower at night – today at 10 a.m., it’s up to 15°F – whew! Heat wave!
To part the blades with prints or worse
With Felipe de Castro, the Vampire King of Louisiana (and Arkansas and Nevada), in town, it’s the worst possible time for a body to show up in Eric Northman’s front yard—especially the body of a woman whose blood he just drank. Now, it’s up to Sookie and Bill, the official Area Five investigator, to solve the murder. Sookie thinks that, at least this time, the dead girl’s fate has nothing to do with her. But she is wrong. She has an enemy, one far more devious than she would ever suspect, who’s out to make Sookie’s world come crashing down.
I would love to hear from you about what has been a passion or something you have enjoyed doing. Please post them!
I am grateful for the joy she brought into my life
- Increase in blood flow to muscles (more on this in a second)
Me thinks NO.
“On a side note, I just want to let you know how inspiring you have been in this roundtable so far. A real asset and motivation.”
7. You only need two tools in life – WD-40 and duct tape. If it doesn’t
RND 3-4: sc in each st around (16 stitches)
You know when you do something that is a really bad idea but your brain only seems to engage half way through... Is there a polite way to ask someone to remove their tongue from your mouth? Or at least stop trying to lick your tonsils
Today has been a nerve wrecking day. I woke up at six in the morning. I don’t know why I’m still bothering taking that Ambien. I will quit soon, I tell myself. But I’m not sleeping.
Don’t believe me? Think about it:
I bought some spinach recently without even thinking about what I was going to do with it. I have been wanting to make pesto for awhile but in the winter you just can't find good basil and when you do it's already going bad in the store. Plus it's pretty expensive to buy enough to make pesto. I'm looking forward to the summer when I will have fresh basil in the backyard and plenty of it too!
He knows us.
I’m one of those blokes fortunate enough to be present at the birth of each of his three children. Actually, it’s not as difficult as some people make out. I don’t have any issues with the inconvenience, the stress and all that pain – as long as it’s not happening to me. But it is an experience I’ll never forget, and one which I thought I’d never repeat.
suffering again.
STARRING: Jeremy Renner, Rachel Weisz, Edward Norton, Albert Finney, Joan Allen, Scott Glenn, Stacy Keach, Oscar Isaacs, David Strathairn
Time for a beer.
“Five???”
Let the ramekins settle until all the air bubbles seem to have disappeared. Tap on the sides of the ramekin with a spoon to remove air bubbles – It works! Then place into the deep casserole dish (I used a baking tin here because I didn’t have a deep enough casserole dish).
- christmas_tree_layered_C20091121152301_20509
her language as well as some French... she told me that carpe diem means "seize the day" in French,
Write for freedom, for peace
1. Abed’s Uncontrollable Christmas: This might be the single best episode of television ever made. I won’t say more than that because, honestly, I just want as many people as possible to just see this episode for themselves.
I don’t know how long should I wait to proudly draw a cartoon of an Indonesian footballer again. A native one, I mean. Sorry, Mr. Gonzáles, it’s nothing personal.
“To my mind the most interesting thing in art is the personality of the artist; and if that is singular, I am willing to excuse a thousand faults. I suppose Velasquez was a better painter than El Greco, but custom stales one’s admiration for him: the Cretan, sensual and tragic, proffers the mystery of his soul like a standing sacrifice. The artist, painter, poet, or musician, by his decoration, sublime or beautiful, satisfies the aesthetic sense; but that is akin to the sexual instinct, and shares its barbarity: he lays before you also the greater gift of himself. To pursue his secret has something of the fascination of a detective story. It is a riddle which shares with the universe the merit of having no answer.”
SPRING HAS SPRUNG as you can see. The dogwoods, fruit trees, cropland, daffodils, and hyacinth are in bloom and the azaleas, too.
We arrived at York and Spectacles escaped with an exhausted expression draped over his face. The poor chap looked like a man whose soul had slowly been sucked out through a straw. "Listen mate, " said Laurel, placing his hand on the poor chap's shoulder, "Ah fuckin' hope all goes well for ya fella." If Spectacles hoped for anything it was that Laurel slipped on the kitchen floor when he got home and died in a freak teaspoon incident.
There are so many things about the night before Jesus’ crucifixion that touch our hearts and capture our imaginations. Clandestine meetings, friends who betray, high drama as the disciples fear for their own lives, the solemnity of the Last Supper, the wrestling in the Garden with sleep and despair.
Condolences on your babies
Cover and cook on Low until the pork shreds easily with a fork, about 10 hours. Turn the meat after it has cooked for 5 hours. When the pork is tender, remove from slow cooker, and shred with two forks. Reserve the cooking liquid to add to the masa.
Ron is a couture designer living in Minneapolis. His gift was a long black, bias cut silk chiffon scarf with a single eight-inch dyed coque feather (rooster tail), long and slender at each corner. Over a glass of wine, we talked fashion, the scarf, and the Paris couture collections.
First, you should have received some Annual Funding Notice(s) from
Coogie Stoddart returned to perform with Wild Cherry beginning with the tour to support Electrified Funk. Coogie recorded the third album, I Love my Music, with the band. On that album is recorded one of Coogie's original songs, If You Want My Love, on which Coogie shares lead vocals with Rob Parissi. (The album jacket for I Love My Music incorrectly states that all songs were written by Rob Parissi; the album's label is correct.) Coogie Stoddart toured with the group in support of I Love My Music, but left before Only the Wild Survive was recorded.
Not fun though. For anyone who thinks what I do is glamorous, you can forget it!
Here is mine. Do enjoy…
If you deserve to be with the one you love, then so does he.
Question #3: Why do you visit IHeart Organizing? What is bringing you back each day?
What a nice end to Spring Break...I came home to an empty house. All the boys (hubby included) were out on the tennis courts at the high school enjoying their time before school starts again :0)
I apologise for the wobbliness, it's pretty much the first time I'd ever used the video mode on the camera, and I'd only just rushed into position, moments before the train started to roll, frantically hitting buttons on the camera menu. The video is actually two videos spliced in the middle, I admit, I got tired and switched filming off for a while, as about half a mile of freight cars rolled by, so the train is actually several magnitudes bigger than my video suggests, though the clue's there in the five locomotives assigned to moving it, four headers, and one on the tail.
And my very favourite card, is this diamond fold card that involves no complicated measuring (I promise) and it is quick to whip up, but folds neatly to fit in an ordinary size envelope.
picture courtesy google
Something about her reaction made me fear the worst. I steeled myself. "If you want me to go, tell me to go and I'll go", I said.
The Louisiana Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals created the Paws on Parade public art campaign as a fundraiser for the homeless pet population.
Yet it is clear that the first so-called insider account of the case, Downfall – The Tommy Sheridan Story by Alan McCombes, will be among this year’s most talked-about books. The title is however a misnomer, being more the Alan McCombes story than anything else.
A Chipmunk Christmas ... ABC ... 8:30 PM
Suddenly, people you went to high school with, old boyfriends, or long-lost relatives were within reach. All you had to do was send a “Friend Request”, and boom! you have a front seat view of their life. And, even if the person didn’t approve you, there was still enough public information to abate the curiosity to some degree (that is how I got to see what my stepfather’s new wife looked like)…Very fun.
OMG. WTF? Holy crap. Stupidity knows no bounds...
I has really wierd fins, they have
· Maridos (Husbands) by Angeles Mastretta (Mexican author)
Fortunately, there are alternatives.
Enjoy our sketch today, and I hope you have a few hours to yourself this week to enjoy some scrapbook time !!
(1) It appears, then, that is Scripture be the best interpreter of Scripture, we have in the Old Testament a key to the interpretation of the prophecies in the New. The same symbolism is found in both, and the imagery of Isaiah, Ezekiel, and the other prophets helps us to understand the imagery of St. Matthew, St. Peter, and St. John. As the dissolution of the material world is not necessary to the fulfillment of Old Testament prophecy, neither is it necessary to the accomplishment of the predictions of the New Testament. But though symbols are metaphorical expressions, they are not unmeaning. It is not necessary to allegorize them, and find a corresponding equivalent for every trope; it is sufficient to regard the imagery as employed to heighten the sublimity of the prediction and to clothe it with impressiveness and grandeur. There are, at the same time, a true propriety and an underlying reality in the symbols of prophecy. The moral and spiritual facts which they represent, the social and ecumenical changes which they typify, could not be adequately set forth by language less majestic and sublime. There is reason for believing that an inadequate apprehension of the real grandeur and significance of such events as the destruction of Jerusalem and the abrogation of the Jewish economy lies at the root of that system of interpretation which maintains that nothing answering to the symbols of the New Testament prophecy has ever taken place. Hence the uncritical and unscriptural figments of double senses, and double, triple, and multiple fulfillments of prophecy. That physical disturbances in nature and extraordinary phenomena in the heavens and in the earth may have accompanied the expiring throes of the Jewish dispensation we are not prepared to deny. It seems to us highly probable that such things were. But the literal fulfillment of the symbols is not essential to the verification of prophecy, which is abundantly proved to be true by the recorded facts of history.”
Near the end of the HanaDan movie, Makino says to Domyouji, “I’ve been thinking…the sad and painful things are split in half between us. The happy and fun things we enjoy twice as much.“
This time I am noticing that I feel a little dizzy every once in a while. Since its not the same as last time, I think it might all be in my head.
"That's so not true," I denied.
71Dim and remote the joys of saints I see;
I’ve been sat on the grass observing the herd for some time, but the dampness of the ground beneath and the fading light encourage me to press on. I wind my way through the ancient trees in the gloom of Saw Pit Plantation, swishing through the crispy leaves lying deep on the ground. The trees here, mostly oaks and sweet chestnut, are of considerable age – many of the chestnuts have fat bulbous butts, possibly a result of centuries of deer browsing at the adventitious shoots arising from the base. A grey squirrel, feeding on the last of the fallen chestnuts, scampers away in a flurry of leaves, tail flapping wildly to scramble up a stout trunk into the canopy, from where he chatters his annoyance at being disturbed. Then, peering through the darkness, I catch a glimpse of movement: three fallow bucks. I try to photograph them, the flash from my camera rebounding from their retinas, pinpricks of light, before they trot away into the dusk. The flash also draws my attention to a small engraved brass plaque screwed to a fallen log: ‘Ulrike, Willst Du mich Heiraten? James.‘ An unusual way to propose, it reminds me of Greg’s engagement to Louise in the ancient yew at Crowhurst.
So, I shall try to do that.Now what shall I read? Well, I will be looking to Becky's site for some recommendations for a start, followed by Celia Rees recommendation of the independent online magazine: Armadillo, which is full of children's book news, reviews and interviews. I found it very useful yesterday and may have picked my next class reader. In fact maybe that's what I will start with: The Ogre of Oglefort. I don't know if Eva counts as she was born in Vienna, before ending up in Devon, but there we go, tis my choice. Now I just need to get it before January!
Friday: New York Rangers (41-15-6, 88pts) @ Tampa Bay Lightning (29-28-6, 64pts), 6 pm/NHL Network
Also, two quick thoughts on the comments so far:
As light rail expands into Mesa there are already studies being performed for a planed extension to Gilbert Road. If you are an investor or buyer looking for property a long the light rail line in Mesa you may want to check out Down Town Mesa Real Estate for available properties.
And now will wonder...who you could've become.
98 10. “Canada and the Dilemmas of Decent Men.” Chicago Daily News, November 26, 1970, pp. 5-6 (abridged). Reprinted in its entirety, in Congressional Record, vol. 116, pp. 44796-44798; Daily Record, pp. E11057-E11059 (January 2, 1971).
stop me wee,
I also made these gluten free oatmeal cookies. Look down there at the ingredients. Notice anything funky? Nope. That’s why I love these. This recipe is simple. No need for strange flours or gums. Just oats. Oh and butter. Duh.
Ivy- We first see Naomi, Annie, & Silver coming by the hospital to visit Ivy. Annie tries to tell her that Caleb was just worried about her. Ivy tells them that no one gets or understands what she’s going through, and tells them to leave her alone. Later, Diego goes to the mansion to see Ivy and Annie and Naomi tell him that she’s at the hospital. Diego goes to visit her and tells her to cooperate so her doctors will sign her release papers, and Ivy tells him that’s not going to happen. Diego then shows her a key card and tells her they’re going to break out. After they cruise the boardwalk, Diego tells Ivy that his brother was killed. He then shows her a long stretch of wall that he spray paints to express his feelings. He tells her to spray paint on the wall. Ivy spray paints a mural for Raj and apologizes to Diego for not calling him. A cop car then shows up. After the cops give Diego back his I.D., he admits to Ivy that he’s an illegal immigrant. He tells her that if the cops found out he helped her escape, he could be charged with a felony and get deported. Diego then runs away from the cops.
Hsuan Hsu — Associate Professor of English
Aaron Jacobs, 27, New York, N.Y.
When I was at the Novi stamp show last August one of the places I had to stop at was The Paper Cut booth. I'm always excited by the variety of papers and shapes that they have.
People ask how I feel and I say I’m fine. But sometimes I lie awake at night thinking about how your life was taken in such a cruel way, wondering about the things that could have happened instead. It is during these times, with only me and my thoughts, that my tears fall. It pains me to imagine the pain you went through.
As far as my points system goes. I didn't track over the weekend at all. I considered making weekends free days. I have since changed my mind though. It's much to easy to go overboard and feel a bit out of control. This system isn't permanent, it's only a tool to help me reach my goal. So, back on track today. Oh...it's WAY tougher to get my full day of points (thus earning the extra point for the day) than I thought. The sticking point is this expectation for exercise. I don't want to lower my personal expectation though right? So, I've been earning 5 points a day for most days. It's ok though, I shouldn't have any problem with the Tues & Thurs workouts. It's just been having enough time to get the full 2.5 mile run in on my run days. Time is the problem more than physical ability. I'll have to start getting up a bit earlier I think.
Indiana
I had washed and cleaned the shells and stored them- and they were in my garage with all the other stuff " that may come in handy one day ".
Mr. Mark Wadsworth has devoted enormous time and energy in recording Killer Arguments against LVT... over the past few years. On each occasion he answers all objections with reason and integrity without fail. On each occasion the corrupt individual never, ever concedes the simple truths pointed out so clearly. They disgracefully move on to the next KLN. We call this seeking "Infinite Evidence". I take my hat off to the man. Its a thankless, unfunded task that must be maintained until we are redeemed.
Why would I want to use a hosepipe?
Finally, the Commitment of Traders reports show that the Commercials are rapidly reducing their gargantuan net short position – built up during the first quarter of this year. And both Large and Small Speculators are rapidly moving to reduce their large long positions.
Black Iris Klazny 4.5%
A couple chicken pics Heather snapped:
Then, in 1688, the Queen gave birth to a healthy baby boy and Protestant politicians began to fear that this would mean a line of Catholic kings stretching far into the future. Determined to bring down James II and prevent his son from inheriting the throne, Protestant members of the royal family, parliament and the army began to spread a false rumour that the new baby prince was not in fact the king’s son. They claimed that Maria-Beatrice had really given birth to a dead child; the dead child had been smuggled out of the palace by her Catholic advisers and then one of her priests had brought in a healthy male child who was passed off as her son. This vile scandal, known as “the Warming Pan Scandal,” resulted in a series of riots and unrest. Terrified, Queen Maria-Beatrice fled under the cover of night to nearby France, taking her baby with her. King James, too, was forced to flee, when William of Orange invaded with an army. In 1689, Parliament declared that James II was no longer legally king and that William of Orange was now King William III. He would share the throne with his wife, Queen Mary II. It was the only time in British history, so far, the monarchy operated under
7 Cluster - Es War Einmal 5:20
We are healing...we all miss him so much. Part of my healing has been to start some projects. I am ready to start blogging again. Maybe not a lot but I have a few things done that you might like to see. Not sure I have too many followers left! Creativity does the heart good.
Crooked Creek Complex Fire, NM
Andrew Lang, in whose ‘Book of Dreams and Ghosts’ I came across this tale, adds a postscript sent to him by a friend: the words of an old lady, ‘a native of Braemar’, who ‘left the district when about twenty years old and who has never been back’. Lang’s friend had asked her whether she had ever heard anything about the Sergeant’s murder, and when she denied it, he told her the story as it was known to him. When he had finished she broke out:
"What?!"
Greeting Friends!
But he doesn’t.
“Think of God,” he said. But I did not know if I believe in Him. Karl did not know that I did not know. The God he spoke of was merciful, but I had not yet felt His mercy. If there was a God, then there must have been a part of me that wanted Him to salvage me, and I knew for certain that such part would never live and had never lived within me.
I wonder, sometimes, what that does, spiritually. I don’t think life imprisonment satisfies the dead. At least, not as we have it now. Admittedly, life imprisonment is no cake walk, sometimes being a life of 23 hour a day lock down where you’re stuck in something like a 10×10 cell. (Which really sounds worse than death, when you think about it). But I think half the reason the dead don’t take vengeance on the living is because they take it on their killer, or are pacified by the Gods bringing retribution on their behalf. Now, though, with so many murders unsolved and killers left unkilled or sometimes just pleaded down to lesser crimes, just to get them into prison. Or not even that.
You're telling not showing. What does Charlie DO?
Got to be a bit careful with ASH once it goes into the repository – DBA_HIST_ACTIVE_SESS_HISTORY – because it’s a sample of a sample.
All that leaves just a little time in the evening for some tangling to work out the kinks from each day. So I had time for the Diva's challenge of the week and another tangle and some working on a new pattern (to me anyway - I almost remember seeing this one somewhere else but I can't find it now). The twisted ladder/chain thing comes together very neatly and evolves in cool ways from just drawing box Z shapes over and over... it is a little hypnotic. I suppose the right word is 'Zen'. I would like to do it enough that I can learn to control it's evolution and direction a bit more. Here is the diamond pattern for the challenge this week. Too bad I didn't turn in the other way on the page so I wouldn't run out of space. Ah well, no mistakes right?
These free apps by Aleph Apps make collage cool. They aren’t entirely free. Just free to download and access the first library of graphic images (not like any “clip art” you’ve ever known). You can create a collage using these tools, or you can purchase all of the other libraries for $1.99, or purchase them all separately for much more.
Give first right of refusal for at least one publication to a Department/Faculty-produced journal, where appropriate;
In the upcoming weeks, you’ll be hearing a lot more about the CMR as new magazines share their brand stories and other industry leaders explain the game-changing nature of the report. I hope you’ll be paying close attention. In the meantime, if you have any questions about the CMR please contact your U.S. or Canadian marketing manager.
The Doorway by Pierced Arrows
Market fluctuations can spark larger shifts in art-world taste. The Gagosian Gallery, a leading dealer of modern and contemporary art, mounted an exhibit of late-period Monets in New York this month—a move that the gallery says would have been unlikely a few years ago.
Let me state another belief I have. The Second Amendment is all about government not 'controlling' us, It was not about hunting, that was not an issue of that day, it was not about protecting ourselves from murders and thieves, that was not a big issue of the day either. What was a big issue was the British wanting to control us, and to be clear we were British Subjects prior to the Declaration of Independence so it was OUR government that had been controlling us.
+ What are your future aspirations for Art, Object Gallery?
Wild spirit you wished to shrink
Last Sunday, I woke up early to jog. I’ve been trying to lose weight lately so I thought that a jog would be beneficial for my goal. But that was just a secondary reason why I woke up early on that particular day. Tito Ortiz was scheduled to slug it out against Rashad Evans while Sexyama will attempt to cement his status in the UFC as one of its middleweight contenders. UFC 133 was the reason why I was up by 7 am last Sunday. I was really excited with the match ups, especially with the Ortiz and Evans bout, since their first fight ended in a draw last 07. Another thing that got me fired up was the fact that Ortiz was coming from a terrific performance just a month ago at UFC 132, the images of Ortiz squeezing the air out of Bader was still fresh in my mind, after all that was just a couple of weeks ago. It was interesting to see Ortiz fight again, since I consider him as one of the most entertaining MMA fighter around.
You can begin to add beads… Like I said before, the hemp is fairly thick, so if you can, put both pieces of short hemp through, but if only one fits, that works too.
Totally buying those. Point is…you CAN get better boots. Whether you can afford my dream Rag & Bones or consider it a splurge to spend $60 on shoes, they do exist. This post could go on and on and on.
The Gavotte avec Doubles cheered me up tremendously and (please, indulge me in this one…) drove away the dreary storming weather in this wretched Dutch climate forcing it back to blue skies with thick fluffy clouds and a warm sun. And on top of that let’s not forget the dear old skeletons, which had another 8 minutes of jolly good fun on the roof.
I love to go and bathe before you
Special Forces Recruitment Ad - 1976
Ladakh is a part of Jammu & Kashmir in the north of India. It consists of two districts Leh and Kargil.
Someone said “You would have worked it out.
Anyone want to purchase an authentic Albert Pujols autographed baseball?
Yesterday we were at a party, and while the love of my life has become better with his drink, he’s still adorably dorky when he gets some alcohol inside him. Give him a beer and he’ll be clingy and huggy. Something I of course have no intention of ever complaining about. Now that he’s a manual labourer his biceps are just ripe for admiring squeezes and squealing ‘Ooos and Aaahs’.
The author has detailed notes on assembling the cakes and includes an introduction regarding kitchen essentials and techniques.
Bake at 350 degrees for 9-11 minutes or until center is set.
I hope you don't mind seeing what I have been up too this week. There really isn't that much going on outside, although I do have some citrus that we have been eating.......so dang good.
Then the rest of the summer has been spent spending time with the kids, enjoying the Baby, and Scrap Booking, Working on Disney Photo Book on line, Editing and Embellishing our Disney Photo Pass Pictures (we started with the Disney Photographers taking 391 pictures by the time I ordered them last week there were 2,291 might as well get our moneys worth right??? It costs the same to order 1picture on your photo pass CD or to order 2,300 so I added every size and boarder there was...... well almost LOL!!!!) Another Big part of my summer was right before we left for Disney my Lap Top Mother Board Blew and I lost our Lap Top/ Extra Computer. Then about 6 weeks after we got back our Desk Top Crashed while I was working on the Disney Photo Book uuuuugggghhhh you have got to be kidding me right??? 2 computers crashing in 6 weeks???? So after the Lap Top crashed we did not replace it because we still had the desk top and wanted to finish paying the Disney Expenses off from while we were in Florida before we got a new computer. BUT..... after the Desk Top Crashed we did not have a choice we had to get a new computer so now we have a new lap top and plan to replace the Desk Top as time and money allows!!
Garters can fit your theme and/or colors, with prices all over the board.
(verse)
P.S. If anyone has a recipe that they would like to share with me, please let me know! I love trying out new recipes & I would love to feature it here on my blog!
Towards the end of September 2010 it became apparent that the material my employees were passing to me by for approval no longer matched the standards I required. Said material being either jaded, listless, predictable, nonsensical or too long(respectively a Heat magazine parody; a spoof Dilbert strip titled The Adventures of Dalekbert; fake TV programmes; a picture of Davros wearing a t-shirt labelled 'Team Evil' for no reason anyone could explain; and a five hundred panel depiction of the making of an episode of Doctor Who using scenes from the Bayeux Tapestry). As a result I determined to put Shouting Into A Well onto hiatus.
Life does march on, but our hearts tend to want to stand still… remembering those who have left us. I am very much comforted with the thought that Neno has found my mom in heaven- putting that incredible information network back in motion. I smile, picturing him updating her with stories about my children she never got to meet. Stories of Jessica’s strong convictions, Cory’s laid back personality and Olivia’s affectionate ways. Perhaps he will tell her of my similar struggle with cancer, but how God chose to bring me victoriously through it. I find myself being envious of the “no-more-sorrow, walking with Jesus” type of eternal life they are both enjoying.
“Though, in reality, the truth is the opposite: light stroking of the skin in these places of women’s bodies produces vivid sensations and feelings of tenderness. (Of course, if it is done in the appropriate intimate situation).
With all the wood cut and burned, the fun was just beginning. I took a trip up to the local hardware store and picked out a make your own lamp kit with the socket, wire, switch, and harp. I also picked up a very long drill bit so that I could drill a hole down the middle of the post to feed the wire through. At home, I drilled my holes, and then, before I assembled anything, I stained all the pieces. Since different woods absorb stain differently, the post and base ended up a little different in shades, but I think that this is just further character to my creation. After the pieces dried, I began the process of securing the socket to the post and piecing the whole socket together. Now, I generally consider myself fairly adept at understanding pictures and visual instructions, but I have to say that it took me quite a few tries to get the proper size electrician’s knot tied and placed in the base of the socket. With the socket completed and tested (thankfully it worked like it was supposed to on the first try), I attached the post and antler to the base using screws and more of my trusted Liquid Nails glue. While the glue dried, Mindy and I made a couple trips to several stores to find a shade that would look right. Who am I kidding? We had to make a couple trips over the course of several days to find just the right shade to pull the whole lamp together. When it was done, I was very proud of my lamp.
Wash your berries. Let them dry out for a few minutes- like 10.
Below a fertile valley spread, with barns and the orchards of summer,
Jung So Min and Siwan continue to show their strong bond, having each other’s back when those naughty situations come up. Meanwhile, Ki Woo the human tree may have been cut down to a few sizes today, but justice (or good luck) is on his side this time, while it still eludes Suk Jin.
- Cushioned Baby Insert for additional comfort
And this is where Unschooling comes in. Unschooling runs the same risk of becoming superficially different while structurally similar to the forms of education and learning which we are aiming to break free from. Unschooling as a pedagogical philosophy has the advantage of being able to differentiate itself from both industrial schooling and homeschooling, but only if it differentiates itself critically, and not merely superficially. What are the structural changes we want to see in our lives as a result of Unschooling? What kind of relationship do we want with learning? What are the social changes that would inevitably result from Unschooling, if the logic of the philosophy was allowed to unfurl itself completely?
Here are the countries with the free shipping and at the Book Depository you can get some pretty hefty discounts:
Skip lets his negative feelings bubble to the surface again, telling the others that if he wasn't geographically close, Muffy wouldn't have bothered to invite him on the weekend getaway. Bitter much? Chaz tries to pull the zipper prank on him, but Skip just tells him to "eat it". Then he pulls out a switchblade and challenges Arch to a game of "stretch", whatever that is. Oh, and Chaz gets a chuckle when he turns the camera on Rob, whose fly IS open.
It can’t ever be denied and I
CISPA would reward big companies for gathering information online. It would allow them to interfere in communications and it would allow them to provide the government with the information gathered. Companies that are already on board with this bill include AT&T, Facebook, Microsoft, and Verizon, among many others.
Imagine that you are standing on the banks of a straight river. Across from you is a sign on the opposite bank. To your right is a tree. You have nothing to measure with and cannot cross the river. How can you figure out roughly how far you are from the sign?
The portrait itself was the subject of controversy. Just nine months into his term as chairman, Rangel asked the Federal Election Commission for permission to use campaign funds to pay for the portrait, which his lawyer said would cost more than $64,000.
Review/Thoughts: One of my biggest goals for this period of transition in my life is to get back to my authentic self…but even better, so really, I couldn’t have picked a better time to read this book. Rubin picks twelve broad areas of her life and focuses on one per month, setting resolutions that she tracks on a chart. Any resolutions she doesn’t keep in their respective months gets moved to the next month, and so on.
As a new author, it is surprising how many people struggle separating the writer of the novel from the protagonist of the story. People seem to wonder if I had run away from ministry or my wife? It was nice to report both a ministry and a marriage that I love. A ministry and marriage for which I am so grateful.
I've been wondering what to put on here? Searching inspirational poems or words, and how to wish you all a Happy New Year? I have one of the lurgys that are doing the rounds at the moment. A cold and cough and my mind couldn't settle on anything at all. That is, until today. I saw this video by the wonderful people at Harper Asprey Wildlife Rescue and it put a huge smile on my face. So I thought I would share it with you.
If you love the song and are anywhere near Manhattan September 16th, come be a part of the filming of the music video. Dr. Joshua will be performing the puppy up! song live at The Delancy Friday at 8pm and god willing, I'll be there. Hudson, too and perhaps a new puppy to put the puppy in 'Puppy Up!'
Busy! I’m sure some people think literary agents just sit around reading all day, but really reading is such a small part of my job and certainly not something I do in the office.
Part of that comes with the clout the artist is bringing with them, which is why so much of our business is based on finding sound-a-like indie replacements. For example, a producer ideally might want to have the Arcade Fire, but the money to license them is not available in the music budget. That’s when we would come in and say, “there’s this really cool artist that hasn’t broken yet, that really sounds like Arcade Fire, and we can get them for $1000-$2000.” The way we operate is much more about finding what would work for the money we have, versus trying to determine what something is worth.
day out
It's hard to attack Obamacare when it's allegedly based on Romneycare. It's hard to appeal to the average working class Joe when you're worth 250 million bucks, have offshore bank accounts as tax shelters, and spent millions to drag your fellow Republicans through the mud. It's hard to accept a guy who tucked tail & dropped out of the last race so early. But this is what we've got and I guess as a collective whole we can only blame ourselves.
Instead I want to emphasize that if we are to map out a successful political strategy for dealing with climate change we need to understand what the media is and how it actually functions. Lamenting that they fail as watchdogs may be useful as theatre, but broadly speaking it is not a role they ever fulfilled, nor are ever likely to.
The characteristics indicate that Rebellatrix pursued and preyed on other fish. Coelacanths peaked during the dinosaur age, but only two species are thought to exist today. It fills the evolutionary stage between many bony fish and tetrapods, four-legged land creatures.
Despise me not,
The difference in the beer is spectacular. Last time I was in and had a chewy, spicy Red Alt. Today I tried the Amber Ale, an uncomplicated beer. I am crap at guessing hops, but it seems to me like they've started putting Cascades in it. I'm looking forward to this summer and the Clockwork being a place one can wholeheartedly recommend once more.
1. Turtle beans fresh bath, alum mordanted yarn
Always one to do what I'm told, I bought:
It’s a dose of reality reminding me that my work is just another grain of sand on a long stretch of beach.
The post-it note holder is a clear acrylic photo frame with some paper cut to fit. This is a handy addition on my desk next to the computer, where before I was always searching for the post-it note pad that someone would walk off with (and forget to put back).
Any advice on managing/preventing this situation is appreciated.
(Take notes, there will be a quiz later.)
Key Players: Paul Crosby (13.8 ppg, 7.4 rpg), Terrance Joyner (13.5 ppg), Cor-J Cox (11.4 ppg, 6.6 rpg), Kevin Burwell (9 ppg, 4.5 apg), Amos Studivant (5.8 rpg)
Let's establish this: I know it's the nature of youth to rebel and the nature of age to scoff at their rebellion. I know that when you're young, you have to feel that your ideas are newer and fresher and more relevant to the times than those that have come before. And when you're older, you have to roll your eyes a lot.
And Grandpa had ordered a tajine, which is meat and accoutrements cooked in a pyramid-shaped dish, in which it is also served. This one was chicken and lamb with almonds and raisins, and it was heavenly. I think next time I go to Le Tassili, I’m going to get that, or at least one of the other tagines sucrés (sweet tagines).
And near him the she-wolf stirr'd the brake,
Where to work
So weak.
Since I arrived last Friday, I have been eating his gourmet toasted muesli every morning and nibbling away at the off-cuts of the Bar Up muesli bars during the day..... then there's dukkah, 2 incredible mixes of nuts and spices, a seasonal range of preserves including caramelised quince paste, mint and apple jelly as well as lemon and lime curd. Everything is sourced as locally as possible and here he is picking the mint for the mint and apple jelly from my mother's garden....
obsessing for long periods of time
A move to the 400 could do several things for Gatlin. For starters it would take away any comparisons to "what he did before the ban". Taking away that comparison would make the 'ban" less of an issue, as he would be able to simply be judged on his progression over the 400.
"Although the cause or causes of FM remains to be determined, most researchers believe that the widespread pain, the hallmark symptom of FM, is due to abnormalities in central nervous system function."
What I can tell you is that the result is the same. People buy what they see and what they have heard of even what they can't see and haven't heard of may be better. You can't blame them. Just think of the best-selling ice-creams in the country and compare the flavour, ingredients, appearance with that of any really good ice-cream you have ever tasted (e,g. Brivido on Nanni's in Siena or Vivoli or Festival in Florence) and reflect.
Investigating against the Earl’s wishes, they uncover a tangle of deception reaching into the past that threatens the reputation of the house of Mountstanton. After another death, Ursula fights to reveal the truth, to save Belle from dreadful scandal, and to fulfil Mr Seldon’s commission, with a final shocking denouement.
To realize that I, the nonchalant artist
I enjoy music. I know, everyone says that in one way or another. “OmG mUsIc Is My LiFeZzZz,” “I live for music,” etc. But it’s true. I always have. When I was little (I feel so weird saying that. I’m THIRTEEN for goodness sake) my parents introduced me to all sorts of music, from The Ramones to ABBA to Devo and so on. As I’m writing this, I’m even listening to “What Does Sex Mean to Me?” by Human Sexual Response on my “Instant Club Hit” by the Dead Milkmen Genius Playlist on iTunes. For my 5th(?) birthday I got an acoustic guitar. Half size. I took lessons starting in 1st grade and ending, sadly, in 5th grade. After a while of that, I went through what I like to call the “Dark Times,” when my family got satellite radio with Radio Disney. Yes, I admit it. I liked it. But come on, I was between 6 and 8. I still enjoyed what I now call “good” music, but I preferred Radio Disney. When my sister decided she was too old for Radio Disney, we started listening to regular pop music. I mean, I’m not saying that ALL pop music is bad, but what I listened to was bad. I went to a Ke$ha concert, even. I mean, it was a festival, so I listened to good music as well (like The New Pornographers), but if I went the other day, Cage the Elephant and many cooler people would be there as well. But anyway, I started listening to less and less pop as my sister did, and we listened to good stuff. My grandparents bought me an electric guitar just this summer (decent sized this time!). It isn’t the best, but it’s a nice one nonetheless.
The show has garnered critical acclaim and has received multiple Emmy Awards including Outstanding Comedy Series, Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series: Ty Burrell, Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series: Julie Bowen, Outstanding Writing in a Comedy Series: S. Levitan and J. Richman, Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series: Michael A. Spiller. Fans of the show won’t want to miss this opportunity to get a behind-the-scenes look at the chemistry that has catapulted the series into a pop culture phenomenon.
Click on the cover for an instant download link. You will love these stories…with a vengeance. For more about the editor and this anthology, please visit www.datlow.com.
Then with a loud snap! the whole area lit up like a Christmas tree. Everyone involved covered their eyes as they silently counted down the seconds in which the Shock charge would finish doing its job, before they began theirs.
Station Renovation Project
All in all, the house is moving along. There is definitely a long punch list forming but when isn't there one in new construction? My family and I are more than anxious to get in there asap and we have our fingers crossed we will be there for Thanksgiving!
Drathro was created in the Andromeda Galaxy and placed as guardian over the Sleepers. He used the 500 humans of Marb Station, which he called "work units", to keep the Sleepers alive and he used two humans, Tandrell and Humker, as his personal assistants.
BIO
I pray brethren that this has been of benefit to you and an encouragement to receive and practice the gift of praying in the spirit!
This is a newly combined volume from WW Norton, putting together Joy in the Morning, Very Good, Jeeves, and Right Ho, Jeeves together in one volume, giving you, as the title indicates, just enough Jeeves. Spanning the heart of Wodehouse’s productivity, these three volumes gives us Jeeves at his finest, with one of the very best Jeeves novels in the lead-off spot, sandwiching the short story collection Very Good, Jeeves, and finishing with one of the most famous novels, Right Ho, Jeeves. Wodehouse’s biographer Robert McCrum ably introduces these and other salient facts, and gives us a quick sketch of Wodehouse himself in order to launch the thing. Once his agreeable intro has been digested, the fun begins, and doesn’t stop until page 712.
Fast forward five years and as a junior in college Nick has joined the University club team and looks forward to playing again during the upcoming fall semester. “It really does make a lot of sense I’d go back to baseball,” Nick said. “You’re going to get tired of anything after a certain point of doing it non-stop. But take a break, come back to it later, and you’d be surprised how it can be just as much fun to you now as it once was in the past.”
Perhaps later feelings will change or things said or worse misinterpreted and the structure of emotional intimacy the foundation of our physical passion will fail.
Lisa Bloom's advice to have real conversations with little girls (and boys!) is wonderful. (Think: "Have you been swimming this summer?" "Do you like animals?" "Do you know any jokes?") Changing the conversation topic is such a seemingly small thing, but it can make a profound difference, don't you think?
“Some people think that the Federal Reserve Banks are United States Government institutions. They are private monopolies which prey upon the people of these United States for the benefit of themselves and their foreign customers; foreign and domestic speculators and swindlers; and rich and predatory money lenders.”
We live in town, a few of my mates live out on properties like my granddad does, he’s the president of the club at the racetrack. He says I have his charm. Dad and him don’t get on real well.
Well it turns out my 2 mile runs (paces of 8:00, 7:50, 7:47) were actually 2.31 miles runs and the paces were actually around 6:50-6:55. Yep that’s right folks, I was freaking out for nothing!!! I thaught I was running horribly slow while I was really running better than I could have imaged!! And those 2.5 mile runs from week 1 where I had to stop a few times....well that’s because I was running around a 6:00-6:15 pace!!!! I’m surprised I didn’t collapse!!! Needless to say, starting next week I’m going back to my original training plan; and my confidence is not only restored, it’s through the roof.
I'm afraid blogging is likely to remain erratic for a while yet - my muse went off on her Christmas holiday and hasn't been seen since. This is, as you can imagine, of no earthly use in the face of two rewrites. If you should see her, please ask her to return home.
Meanwhile, combine ricotta, parmesan, eggs, flour and nutmeg in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Mix into dough and then turn onto a lightly floured work surface, divide mixture into four portions. Roll each portion to form a sausage shape about 2 cm in diameter and 15 cm long. Cut into 2 cm lengths and press lightly with a fork on one side to create ridges. Transfer to lightly floured board and repeat with remaining dough.
We read that one week later Jesus again appeared to them in the upper room, and this time Thomas was with them. Jesus suddenly appeared in their midst, and then singled out Thomas. He answered all of Thomas’ demands.
First make your bread crumbs. Cut the chorizo into slices then each slice in half. Dry fry them in a pan and allow to cool a little. Put your bread in a processor along with the chorizo and whizz them into crumbs. The chorizo will excrete a lovely orange tainted oil into the pan, stir the crumbs into this till combined.
Five years back was when we were up on a picnic. A lark. That's when I decided I wanted to move to this funky little mountain township, and she told me if we could figure it out, we should do it. A romantic might have done a shruggy-thing, like a girl first falling in love. I haven't got a romantic bone in my body, but I might very have fallen in love with Sabina all over again when she said that.
Minimum wage is a great example of unintended consequences and a broken political system. When you are thinking in term of politics and aesthetics, you are not thinking in terms of economics. Problems arise when politicians (or anyone in power) think about intentions over consequences, rhetoric over reality, and caring over thinking. It is a universal truth that just because you do something with good intentions, good is not guaranteed to happen from it. It is my belief that the minimum wage, while well-intentioned, is a counter-productive and services as a good example of the consequence of government interference the market.
Any other books you can think of that made you almost pee yourself? Or are you a comedic writer? How do you weave humor into your writing?
The clerics aren't priests. Before the underground was discovered, Man had priests--and gods whose intercession they sought. Their prayers had been in vain. The old gods had abandoned Man to the monsters.
Thank you so much for having me here today!
I've just put a competition on the www.popularscience.co.uk home page, giving away a copy of the excellent James Gleick's new book, The Information. When it had gone live, I was asked if I could add a link to the book trailer video. I did, but with gritted teeth. I really have no time for book trailers.
From there we moved to another place, a new, modern, brand new apartment in a posh building. Which apparently wasn't built right and was in imminent danger of falling down. (That building and the debacle of its construction made the front cover of the Norwegian engineering magazine and when we gave our address, people would say, "Oh, you live in THAT building?" Nice.) Those of you who have read my blog for a while might remember that we had to move out for a month and a half so that they could basically tear down our walls and ceilings and bolt the apartment back together properly. That was a total and utter pain in the ass, that was.
30. Rock climbing
Pours an inky brownish black with a nice dark tan head. No sign of aging poorly there. Still smells pretty grainy and robust, too.
Céline: Yeah, what was I supposed to say? That I remember the wine in the park and…us looking up at the stars fading away as the sun came up? We had sex TWICE (claps her hands), you idiot!
I am a big fan of Marvel, even though I never read a single comics. I love each Avengers and even their enemies, but I must admit I adore Tony Stark/Iron Man. Like my brother pointed out, his character is selfish yet appealing. He’s an asset for the film (thanks to Robert Downey Jr. as well). Supporting characters were not left behind either. Hawkeye and Black Widow haven’t had their own franchise but they were well introduced and interesting (I’d like to learn more about them).
Controls are, well, never really having played a PC RPG actioner before it's taking me some time to get used to the keyboard & mouse control set up. Now I know why the trackball mouse is so popular among PC gamers. I guess I could go through the effort of mapping a controller but that would require effort. I like the quickness of accessing menus and hot keys of the keyboard but exploring and camera control still kind of pisses me off sometimes.
The field of war played out in front of the two battle brother like it had before. The eerie familiarity both had with the crackle of fires that engulfed massive warmachines, the loud explosive punctuations of bolter fire beginning to dim as the world became habitual around them.
But Mary kept all these things, and pondered them in her heart. (Luke 2: 1-19, King James Version)
KRIS: I want hot dogs.
I read this quote off of a blog today. I didn't know tears could swell up in my eyes so quickly.
As he sang, he did a hand-clappin’ and body-slappin’ dance.
Revel: To take great pleasure or delight
Finally, these bookshelves were ready for installation! We found the studs in the wall, and screwed directly into those all the way up. We had to be careful to keep these level and mount them exactly the same space apart from the wall. We didn't want any sort of leaning effect going on in here!
In January, I went the whole month without eating meat, I tried again this month but failed miserably.
The best election result, and we’re not talking about Boris-Ken here, has to go to the man in Edinburgh dressed as a penguin who called himself “Professor Pongoo” and got more votes than the Liberal Democrats.
Then pressed himself
Neither is easy, and in truth I expect The Good Wife will go for something between the two. There are no extremes here. A client’s guilt and innocence are mere shades of grey, while a win of $25m on one case can come at the cost of your whole business.
In the fall of 1934, Bobby and Johnny Crandon (a drummer and Harvard Medical School student) formed a band - The Harvard Gold Coast Orchestra - to play New England colleges on weekends. The group consisted of four professional musicians and four medical students. During the next several months the orchestra visited virtually every college between the University of Rhode Island and the University of Maine. In spite of the fact that Bobby was still tied to Providence, he applied for a union card in Boston and received it in early 1935. For the remainder of '35 and early '36 he periodically traveled to Boston from Providence for gigs, typically with Ted Roy.
What I got was a startling, on-point essay (in all caps) about the difference between real and assumed empathy and the need for dramatic and contradictory characters in storytelling. Awesome stuff.
There’s no cost to join the program, but you must be a member of a participating association. To earn the points, you log-in to the AchieveLinks site after you have registered, select the merchant you want to purchase from and complete the online transaction like you would if you went directly to their website. There’s no difference in the price or offers you get, but you receive the extra benefit of earning Links which you can then redeem for other gifts etc, through the Reward Center.
"This generation is faced with crippling austerity measures begun by the former Labour government and now accelerated by the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition. The economic crisis has provided political elites with a practical justification for ideologically motivated attacks on the working class. Efforts to “bring down the deficit” at all costs have provided the state with the necessary camouflage to manoeuvre into savage Thatcherite cuts to the public sector, education and social welfare, while also creating an incremental process of privatisation of the National Health Service, greater tax breaks for millionaires, tax cuts for businesses, as well as strengthening attacks on workplace organising rights." But Collective Action believe that:
Let' us leave behind the overdrinking occasioned by both and bind the holidays with a slightly more civilized glue: the tequila julep.
Bharat Electronics Limited had informed the Exchange regarding the Board Meeting to consider buyback of shares. The Company has now informed the Exchange that in the meeting held on April 25, 2012, the Board deferred the proposal to a later meeting.
Awaken, they've become stronger
At forty-three years of age, I am still a strange bird. If I am going to tell my story, I’d better start doing it now. I am becoming annoyingly forgetful, and I don’t want to erroneously tell someone else’s story by mistake. One of my dearest friends, a woman named Melissa, also finds comfort in the writing, and has her own story to tell. We are forever vowing to write a book together about overcoming struggles and such, but we can’t seem to lasso one issue onto the page before another is bucking and rearing back, thus our tales never seem to get written. This is why we joined a writer’s guild, a Christian writer’s guild.
ok well here you go then, heres your damn picture!
This was played this week at my Grampy’s funeral. It was my Grandparents wedding song so I thought I’d share it with you all.
Top off the windshield washer fluid while you have the hood open! It takes but a few seconds!
scattered
question what she's been taught about his kind. And against her instincts,
~Porkchops with applesauce & broccoli
I said to my soul, be still, and wait without hope
Some of the recommended vaccines include: pneumococcal; Hepatitis B; measles, mumps, rubella; and Varicella.
Yesterday was my moms 67th birthday.
Christian families threatened with lynching in indigenous communities within a day trip from my home. This includes children. Persecuted for their faith, not the lack of it.
Yarn Over hook pull up a loop, Yarn Over hook and draw through 2 loops.
To cook quinoa, use twice as much water as quinoa. Bring the water and quinoa to a boil, then cover and reduce heat to low. Cook for 15-20 minutes. When it is done, you will see the little rings start to separate from the grains.
And then I sneezed.
Jo'burg council declares fate of lioness a 'cultural' issue
and that she could not control these emotional thoughts and nortured instincts
HARMONY: Muhyiddin shares a light moment with Sri Aman students yesterday — Pic: Ashraf Shamsul Azlan
“Titled ‘Travel Posters for Lazy People’, the collection is laced with sarcasm and pokes fun at people’s “lazy” activities, such as spending several hours on the Internet, Hulu and Skyrim.”
Before being discharged, my FIL returned to help me check out. What a relief it was to have him there. He also kindly agreed to go to the pharmacy on the way home to pick up the 5-year-old's meds so I wouldn't have to stop. I owe him and my SIL a debt of gratitude for all they did for me, especially for the delicious sandwich they brought back to the hospital which I was eventually hungry enough to eat.
My hand shuts the book cover, “How to Poison Your Spouse.” Clementine searches for the hard liquor to become thoroughly soused. In loathing, her eyes throw invisible daggers at me like I am the contemptible louse.
6And they came to Joshua to the tent-circle at Gilgal, and said to him and to the men of Israel, We have come from a far country: so now make an agreement with us.
Allen Iverson was the modern-day version of Muhammad Ali, meaning that he had no particular political views but was still a bad ass. Allen Iverson is so bad in fact that despite his talent and still being one of the most popular basketball players despite not playing in the League for the last two seasons, no team wanted to pick him up for this past 2011-2012 NBA season.
A. Blanket to stay warm
1 Calendar and pen
Not according to him. "Who is she to be given the Nobel Prize and to be going here and there to give talks and and lectures?"
Can you say BURLAP?????
How long's this been going on?
15:00: Chaouachi describes some of the studies on hookah, which he says are riddled with errors. He gives an example of an awful report from the University of East Anglia (of Climategate infamy) which refused to entertain criticism or critical peer review.
Friday is a struggle - I'm not feeling well, having a hard time eating, still struggling with fears and trusting God moment by moment to show His will. I get everything packed up and ready a few minutes early, we pray together and I am on my way.
Publisher: Algonquin Books
Flirty tip 1 Smile With Your Eyes. If your eyes are fully functional, that is. If not, another good idea is to smile with your mouth if your teeth are straight and white. If not, don’t smile, at all. Flirty tip 2 Touch, but don’t invade the personal space which is why I like to use a little long stick to probe and caress their buttocks from afar. It’s what I do and it always works.
We will be available the only ever cask (so far) of Colonial Mayhem. This beer is quite expensive to make as unlike many brewers we try to make all our alcohol out of grain, even for very strong beers. At 8.1% this is quite inefficient. I would be keen to hear from beer lovers how they feel about that. Should we reduce costs, and therefore price at the bar, by adding cheaper sugar and have a beer that is thiner and with less body, but a bit cheaper? Perhaps you think we should stick to our principles?
Not going to go into details, but there was a person I'd made a decision about. Based on a few things, I viewed them a certain way, put them in a certain box.
There is a major concern that many evaluations will not be accurate. Inconsistent applications of the Danielson framework has been a problem in the past. Let’s say, teachers follows this arbitrary framework, does that make them effective? Where’s the measure, what’s effective? Will the person doing the evaluation recognize innovation? Will innovation in the classroom be allowed? If it’s not on the check off list is it valid? What’s valid? There is a plethora of education research that contradicts Danielson’s methods and frameworks, some have been successful models some not. But then again, how do we measure success.
35. In high school I had a very handsome stoner friend. One day a group of us were sitting in the bed of his truck drinking and some were smoking weed. He dropped a match on himself and caught his clothes on fire. Being stoned and drunk, we all just stared at the flame. He finally said "Dudes, I'm on fire dudes!". We all laughed and laughed before realizing we might want to put him out. Dudes, those were good times.
"Is God out sick today?"
But my new names, my REAL names — the names that fit – tell a completely different story. On and off I’ve Googled their origins and, over time, more information has been made available to piece it all together. I now know the histories and possible meanings of my names. And now, I believe I am satisfied enough to extrapolate, and formulate a whole new set of holistic meanings, explanations, and predictions. It’s almost as satisfying as discovering one’s cosmic — or, at least geocentric — purpose or possible future. Almost. Definitely something to strive for.
I sat there with Sally.
I started studying German (again) last fall, but it's just been in the past few months that I have really kicked it into high gear. I've always heard that if you know a second language, learning a third is easier. I'm not buying it. Learning German is hard work.
few tries, I finally got some photos of he or she eating. :)
We do a 12-hour pub crawl with the people in her program, who are lovely, all of them from places like Memphis and Michigan and wearing funny hats, which is the theme. They’re impressed that we’ve been friends for as long as we have. ”She was a bitch in high school,” R tells them, which is true. She hands me her beer to finish. “But she’s nice now.”
The sentiment (Thank You Block Stamp - also by Rubber Stamp Tapestry) was stamped with Chocolate Chip ink. I added some Champagne pearls to the Tiny Flower centers. The scalloped border was made with my Slit Punch and is from the Madeline Collection by Prima.
When I grow up... I'm going to marry John Mayer. For Real. I've been listening/watching him on You Tube All morning and seriously, he's really my soul mate. Don't tell him, but I was actually looking for something ELSE on You Tube when I clicked on his video by accident. I knew of him... mostly from that "body is a wonderland" song that they played over and over on the radio until I wanted to scream. It is a really good song, but I don't think I could listen to ANYTHING 20 times a day. Anywhoo, back to my fiance.
One hundred and fifty guests, including a bridal party of ten bridesmaids and ten groomsmen, gathered at the country club at 6:30 p.m. to witness the joining of families. Reverend Ed Donaghy (revedweddings.vpweb.com) performed a nondenominational Christian ceremony, which included a handfasting ceremony while the couple promised their vows. Tank, the couple’s English Bulldog, had a very important role as the ringbearer!
The book is full of funny stories too, because obviously Lissa’s had her share of interesting situations as a gynecologist and she’s happy to share them with her readers. So, not only will you be educated, you’ll also laugh your way through What’s Up Down There too!
½ teaspoon ginger(I would probably omit this)
PREHEAT oven to 210C
I pretend that you stroke my hair while I settle my head on your chest and let my fingers draw delicate patterns on your abdomen. I listen to your voice and quiet laughter rumble through your body while we rest in the aftermath of desire consummated, content to
She whispers a thunder in my ear
Vague references & images of the Heresy predominated many of the different books in both the "40k & Space Marine" rule & background books.
You know, I think I've been hitting the Nyquil a little hard lately...
Other than that, not much new. I’m still cycling with my latest adventure being to drive all the way to upstate NJ for a race, pre-ride the course, only to bag it before the race even started.
And I witnessed this take a toll on my friends living in Japan, foreigners who were English teachers and students studying there. They were being flooded with messages from their loved ones to COME HOME NOW! Leave before it gets worse! I heard on CNN that Japan isn’t safe! And on the other side, NHK and the Japanese government announced that everything was fine and that you shouldn’t panic.
what kind of car I drove,
While this “spoon-and-washboard” anatomy is a well-known sound-producing apparatus in insects (see stridulation), it had not been well documented in vertebrates (some snakes stridulate too, but they do not have dedicated anatomical features for it). An analysis was made using high speed photography in 2005. The mating preferences of female birds can produce not only the peacock’s tail or the rooster’s crow, but also feathers with microscopic adaptations that let them sing like crickets.
I harbored a wish to play music along with Levon, but that didn't happen, although he heard my drumming on Amy's congas and had kind things to say about it. He sat behind his kit for a moment and gave us a short lesson in backbeats. Steve sat at the drums a bit and played, but he never brought out his camera, and those questions I worked so hard on went unused. Levon talked for a while about how proud he was of his daughter, Amy, and how much fun they had playing music together. She was clearly his shining pride.
I stand amid the roar
Luke 17:3-4 is a key passage that quotes our Lord:
Note: If you fold ALL of your score lines REALLY well it will be easier to get this box to close.
We have — we need not only immigration for — to keep our population going, but we need immigration because immigrants bring a vitality and a love of this country that is — infuses this country with — with great energy. And so, I support legal immigration, but we need to enforce the law and in fact, if you don’t create an opportunity for people to work, they will leave because they can’t afford to stay here.
This reminded me of one large group that we had last year where there was a former IV intern visiting. The topic was fasting, and afterwards the former intern shared with me his thoughts on the spiritual climate of the group. He felt like the enemy had been trying to throw in distractions or interruptions all night. His pondering was that maybe it had to do with the fact that fasting often meant giving things up that we rely on to meet our felt needs instead of allowing Jesus to meet our real needs…things like, shopping, watching tv, dating, eating. Of course none of those things are inherently bad, but they become idols when abused and Orange County is full of those idols. His final thought was a reflection on the wealth of the county, of Irvine in particular, and the unique place that we as a fellowship at UCI had in being a witness in that context. Imagine, he said, if your fellowship taught the campus about stewarding their resources, and the campus taught the city, and the city taught the county. There is so much wealth here, imagine how much good could be done with those resources!
Here are the fundamental “blue prints” for the optimum daily intake for a non-athlete with a goal of 15% body fat. This is a proper plan for someone who is looking to shed pounds in combination with cardio and moderate weight lifting. If you are interested in looking like a fitness model, I only give those plans out to paying clients, so contact me for a free consult.
Just a little note here to say a huge congratulations and well done to everyone else in Slimming World Glasnevin. Altogether there has been amazing losses. They’re all very supportive and myself and Aideen love staying for the group meeting them every week. Hopefully by next week we’ll have an interview with the lovely Dan and Tanya up here about their Slimming World journey, and a bit of inspiration to keep us going! x
Carl Johan Calleman
I hope you had a wonderful Christmas!
Ever the frugal girl, you'll never believe what I did. No, I didn't steal or pinch off a clipping. Shame on you for thinking such a thing. (tisk-tisk and batting eyelashes)
We walked down some more towards the Adler Planetarium for a good view to take some pictures of the city. I think there was some fog or something, because the visibility wasn't very clear.
(3) The term "identical units" as used in this subsection means undamaged bottles or cans of identical brand, package and volume.So...what this means is that if a distributor dropped a case of Sly Fox Dunkel Lager and a case of Sly Fox Pikeland Pils, for example, and three cans from each case burst, he would be forbidden by law to combine those two cases and sell a mixed case. He would be forced to send them back to the wholesaler. God help him if he were crazy enough to mix the cases on purpose, because, you know, chaos might result.
Bikini: Over the Rainbow Bikini – Orsini Kawaii Fair Free Gift
To view images in gallery format, simply click on one of the images below.
Shortly after getting my Cricut, I started buying lots of paper and supplies that were NEEDED! I then bought 3 Jetmax cubes and a ribbon organizer when everything was on sale on Black Friday. Here is my first crafty zone.
So technically I am supposed to tag other bloggers to answer the 11 questions I created above and tell us 11 fun things about themselves and then make new questions for other people to answer.
"Dudu Pukwana - In the Townships -1973 South Africa":
which I bought from Donna, some time ago and had been looking for
Clearly I’ve been thinking a lot about identity lately: Our identity as private individuals as well as our sense of who we are culturally, ethnically, professionally or religiously. How much of that identity do we manufacture for others to see, how much do others put on us, and what is organically real in our hearts?
I hear Christians speak loudly and continually about the homosexual (political left) agenda, but I never hear them get nearly as exercised about…say…Victoria Secret’s clear agenda to promote male heterosexual lust as a means of economic and sexual exploitation. I don’t hear Christians get riled up about Nike’s exploitive use of child/slave labor to produce shoes. Why doesn’t Pastor Steve call for a boycott of Victoria Secret or Nike too? Maybe it has less to do with sin and more to do with conservative political activism in the name of Jesus.
We think resisting will cause them pain
By accident one day after months of treatment for my illness, I came across this tiny clip of before-diagnosis video that had caught my face staring into the camera, and I was shocked at how weary, strained and lined my face looked. Before I got sick!
Yup, I’m ready to take a trip; finally hit retirement age and now I’m free to go. I’ve always dreamed of an inter-galactic tour. You know, pack my bags, journey to another galaxy, and explore the universe. The only thing is I’m not allowed to travel. I have a medical condition. I am infested with human-lice. Yup-yup-yup and I’ve tried everything to get rid of them.
Gregory: what will happen Super Tuesday?
Peel the potatoes and parsnips. Place in a large pot and add enough cold water to cover completely. Cover with the lid and place on the back burner out of the way.
The United States women have seen a huge resurgence in the middle distances with fantastic 800/1500 meter performances from the likes of Anna Willard, Shannon Rowbury, Jenny Barringer, Christin Wurth-Thomas and Maggie Vessey. Hopefully the trend will continue for years to come as it was quite inspiring to see these ladies hold their own against the world's best.
Imagine a show that deals of the same cutting edge technology that’s found in works by Charles Stross and Vernor Vinge. Imagine this show centers around characters still in elementary school. Finally, imagine this show running on the Japanese equivalent of America’s PBS station. If you could imagine a show like this then you’ve probably already watched Dennou Coil. This delightful show deals with the trials and tribulations of living in augmented reality for a group of elementary school kids. My favorite episode was 12 – “Daichi’s Hair begins to grow” in which small civilizations of hair-sized illegals (any programs that is illegal on the AR network) living on a low level of technology have their societies quickly advanced in complexity from contact with the show’s characters. It’s all fun and games until these societies advance to weapons akin to nuclear weapons and then suddenly the main characters have to try to advert nuclear war between the illegals. Watching these elementary school kids trying and ultimately failing at preventing nuclear holocaust was probably one of the most sobering things I have ever seen. The next episode was another great but sad episode and episodes like these help show that you can have emotional mature characters that are still child.
I still can’t believe it. He love someone like me. How? Wait a second, how he safe me? “Yoochun how you safe me?” I look at him.
Thomas Kuebler
