Well, I decided I wanted something beautiful, something that would go with my personality and my lifestyle, so this is what I thought would suit me perfectly.
A relatively short amount of time hunting for possible images and I came up with this - an amalgamation of two long-ago photos, both taken in Orkney, which is relevant.
I fumed…and I rarely fume…although I seem to be doing this fairly often these days. No idea why.
It is, or at least should be, the same at the national level. If a person who is not a British citizen is in the country and we, ie our government, do not want him here then he must go. We shouldn't have to give a reason, nor should there be any judicial process, if asked to leave a foreigner should just leave.
Even though the author has handled his story very well, the book is long and takes a lot of time and since the characters are related in complex way, it requires to be read without too much gap. I still have one grudge against the author. He translated a very good hindi song in English and presented only English version in the book. He should have retained the hindi version in English alphabet as well. The song was “Uth Jaag Musafir Bhor Bhai” that is “Get up traveller it is morning”
Dimension: Social
With sunglasses on
There's no reason why Terriers shouldn't have been at least a modest success, and attempts to figure out why it instead became one of the new season's lowest-rated shows have concentrated on the show's title and what was apparently a confusing publicity campaign that led some potential viewers to conclude that this was a show about dog-fighting. To my mind, however, the problem is much simpler--Terriers has no hook. For just about every series that I love, and quite a few that I don't care for, I could come up with a single sentence that encapsulates what the show does well and why it's worth watching: The Good Wife has the best female characters on TV; Dexter actually gets how to maintain a moral distance from a sympathetic character's immoral actions; Glee has Sue Sylvester. If I had to come up with a one-sentence pitch for Terriers, the best I could do would be: it's really good. Which is as true as it is unpersuasive. When TWoP recapped the series pilot, they likened Terriers to Veronica Mars, which I think gets at the heart of why this show is unsellable. If Veronica Mars is Southern California-set noir with a twist--that the main character is a teenager girl and the show's action takes place in a high school--Terriers is Veronica Mars without that twist, just plain old Southern California-set noir. My reaction to the pilot, meanwhile, was that it was well done but familiar, and though I'm glad I stuck with the show I think that this was an accurate assessment. There was never anything new or original about Terriers, no standout quality to the show. It was simply very good in almost every respect--the stories, both standalone and season-long, the characters, the dialogue--and though this is both admirable and, sadly, unusual, it's also very hard to sell.
I recently had the opportunity to help my cousin Mary with a wonderful project she started last year. Mary puts together some care packages to send with troops being deployed. Mostly it's coffee, but she includes tea and I think hot chocolate and some goodies for them to have on those infrequent down times when they can relax. There were three sets of packages going over and everyone who contributed (I was only able to send money to cover some expenses since I'm out of town) had to give her three thank you cards to be enclosed with the goodies. I wanted to keep it to a patriotic theme so of course I went with red, white and blue. The flags are from Papertrey Ink's Friendship Jar Summer
So what is evangelism? Evangelism is a believer sharing the person/claims of the Gospel of Jesus Christ with a person who has yet to believe the claims of the Gospel or trust the person at the center of the Gospel — Jesus Christ. The Gospel is "that Christ died for our sins in accordance with the Scriptures, that he was buried, and that he was raised on the third day in accordance with the Scriptures." (1 Corinthians 15:3-4; Romans 10:9-13) The Gospel is clearly stating what God has done in Christ for the sinner, calling for repentance and belief. To fail to do this is to fail at evangelism. All the other dimensions of church life are but outgrowths and/or complements to the Gospel itself.
I am a generally healthy person and am usually thankful for it, as I should be.
now that i’m almost awake i’ve decided it’s going to be a great day.
After the club, we drove around the city for a little while, just talking, and we soon decided to take a walk along the waterfront at Georgetown. Neither of us was ready to call it a night and contrary to what the comedian thought, we werent rushing to get back home and tear each others clothes off either. (We had all night for that, obviously lol). Anyway, we’re walking. And my phone rings.
On my way out after a second ride, I went over to the booth that shows pictures of the riders right before they enter the tunnel at the bottom of the first hill. The girls in the front were screaming with eyes shut tight. The guys in the middle had their fists in the air with "YEEARGH!" expressions on their faces. In the back I wore a serene, Buddha-like smile. Enlightenment through acceleration?
This series for Yahoo! News profiles the trials and triumphs of small business entrepreneurs, and explores their passions and motivations – from ex-Marines to cancer-survivors. The series’ creative brief demanded a focus on the American dream and a cinematic, documentary style, while retaining the traditional news element with Yahoo! News anchor, Aaron Task, providing stand-ups and VO.
Waiting in line in the cold wasn't fun. I would say we waited about 20 minutes, and it was pretty cold, but we did get a coupon for a free hot chocolate and mini cookie from Panera Bread, so that helped.
Most of what stayed were the items from our playroom. This is to ensure that not only my little ones, but also the sweet daycare kids, all have things to do to keep them happy and busy throughout the day. It's just a matter of me running up and down the stairs to snag something for them to play with upstairs.
Depending on who is signing that day the lines can be 75 deep or 200+ deep if someone like Bagwell or Biggio is signing. Luckily yesterday the line was only about 100 deep and I got the chance to go back through the line a second time. Two of my favorite young Astros (Brian Bogusevic and J.D. Martinez) were there and I was stoked to meet them.
See my other update from earlier this evening (4/25/2012) for the full update:
We’ve all been to this presentation. As you sit there wondering why you showed up when the presenter could have emailed you a list of bullet points, you probably lose interest because they handed you a printout and you can just read it later. Instead, keep your audience interested. Use keywords and phrases that keep your audience wanting more elaboration. Pass out note-taking materials before you start so that your audience will jot down your main points and feel obligated to stay intrigued in your presentation.
I”ve felt lately like I must appear to others like this really angry little… sprite-like-creature – who is terribly ADD. I feel like people have been giving me the “o….k…” face and backing slowly away, weirded out and totally afraid of me, or they’ve been ignoring me completely — worried my crazy might rub off…
Embellishment: flowers, Bildmålarna- charm, doily lace, pom-pom,
Carpet, many a story above mentioned have become very best that should be coin purse uk Recently been pertaining to a number of implies can’t success a particular reaction of the guests.
T. H. Geballe
That's right in full collegiate procrastination we shot the video the night before it was due. I grabbed the tape and made it to class unshowered, unshaved, and unable to fully open my eyes a full fifteen minutes late.
To be sure, many justifiably praised six core members of the C17 committee for hard work (though the 11 others were AWOL). Still C17’s meagre impact – reflected not only in the negotiators’ failure to cut emissions but in our own failure to generate momentum for climate justice – doesn’t auger well for unity in future campaigns to save the climate and the South African economy from the minerals-energy complex and finance ministers.
Now to assemble
My first page uses a 3-2-3 layout ~ it's one of the pretty straight forward layouts and easy to find photos to use. I used a pre-made title block from the Simple Stories Destination kit for the center square & added a wooden button to the center of the compass along with some sticker numbers and letters from the kit to journal the date. I also added some other stickers, bits of paper and stamping to add small embellishments to the photos. Fast and easy...
PMcC – Everyone is entitled to their opinion about each case, and to have suspicions about the actions or motives of the various people involved. I am sure that one of the reasons why the NotW lost the first case was that the jury, or at least some of them, had a low opinion of the NotW. No-one thought, even before the most recent scandal, that we were dealing with the Beano here!
The second part takes you to Piemonte in Northern Italy, where Carluccio grew up. It is the home of the ever popular risotto rice, parmesan and of course balsamic vinegar. The episode which focuses on Regional Pride covers frog fishing, accepting new influences on Italian cooking and food and of course a glorious apple strudel and pork fillet with ginger and honey which Gennaro whips up. In the last episode they head to Puglia, a very religious region in Italy. It covers different festivals, a bread baking session and a factory where they make mozzarella cheese. If I'm being honest, this was my least favourite of all the episodes. I found it a wee bit dragging and very little emphasis was given to food per se.
When chicken is ready, sliced pieces and add to the rice mixture.
CLAY: Yes.
He dropped his head so that his lips hovered just above mine, his breath on my cheeks. “Give in to it.” I flicked my eyes up to meet his, which were the deep, dark green of primeval forests—ancient, unknowable, and hiding monsters in their wooded depths.
Domitille's children decoration
July 11-20: Remixes. I will remix or redo songs I love. Don’t worry; I’ll give credit where credit it due.
Today was a LONG day.
Limestone Branch's brand is T. J. Pottinger, which was one of the brands, along with Old Trump, made by Minor Case Beam at his distillery in Nelson County, which merged with Dant's Yellowstone and operated there until Prohibition. Pottinger was a prominent distiller, miller, and landowner. He founded the town of New Haven, which is still home to many members of the Beam and related families.
Denise, to my surprise, pointed a finger at my chest. "If you," and I kid you not her Barbadian accent was menacing, "If you so much as use one of we stories in this book . . . "
tears, glory and roars
Made with cubed sandwich bread or other type of crusty bread, soaked in milk to soften and adding fresh or cooked vegetables of your choice to the batter. Addition of green chili or black pepper gives this a distinctive taste to rather bland pudding.
as a useful and humane alternative to execution, which would probably have been
*Buttons and gems from stash
“Only when the last tree has died and the last river been poisoned and the last fish been caught will we realize we cannot eat money.”
A friend of mine's cat was run over yesterday and I'd be lying if I said I didn't fight the tears when I heard. I've been sad ever since and keep thinking of her beautiful cat and my beautiful friend.
Finally in late 2010, Tactico – Football Edition arrived on Irish and British shores from Honk Kong
“Yes, I believe that’s what a man would do with it,” I replied. “We gorillas are not so conventional in our use of ornamental textiles.”
The angst on his face turns light.
We’re brought olives, two test tubes of light citrus cocktail, and a pair of chorizo magdalenes, plus two seasonal menus we’re invited to peruse. Our intention to check out the degustation menu has already been announced, but Chef Daniele suggests that we give the menu a glance anyway. After all, he says, even apart from allergies or flavor preferences, there can be ingredients that bring with them a strong association with memories – either positive or negative – you never know. I love this; it suggests to me that we will have the opportunity to build such powerful associations with what lies in store.
about the light, but says, I am the light of the world.” No wonder the soldiers
For Your glory to fall
Course have to start with the topic starter. Just as an adverb means exactly, very recently, simply or no more than, and only. Yep, it's a non-ly adverb. Bad me for using it so much. It just sneaks its way into my writing.
…but he tried to push that thought to the back of his head.
I seriously made this!!! I'm so so proud of myself because I am NOT a sewer! I mean, I sew very simple stuff but the one time I tried to make a dress for Emily it was a disaster. I looked on Pinterest last night for very simple dresses and decided to try the "pillowcase dress." I had a couple of snafus but overall it turned out great.
Even if Mom and K swear to my husband that I do.
What are you, on fucking heroin? My movie? This is the studio's movie!
Once it is dry, you can remove the cups and rubber bands. You may want to add designs on the opposite side of the shirt. Here is the finished back-side of the shirt we were working on above.
Though not exactly clever, this title is clear and explains exactly what the post contains. I was extremely excited about this show when I first saw it, and was eager to share my discovery with the class. I did not initially post videos or pictures with this post because I had absolutely no idea how! WordPress.com was far too complicated for me for some reason, but now that I have figured it out, I like the improvements I was able to contribute to each of my earlier, picture-less posts.
— Specs: 8”x10″, 6MB or larger; 400 pixels per inch (ppi) is ideal; 300 ppi is OK.
Well tomorrow's our last teacher workday and then the kids come Thursday. I feel like there's still so much to do and so little time to do it! Good luck to everyone who is starting school soon. I hope we all have fantastic first days and get the year off to a great start!
Checking DISPLAY variable.
Makeover mania started last weekend with our closet.
- My dear sweet husband drove hours AFTER WORK to pick me up the leather reclining couch I desperately needed off of Craigslist. Wasn't that sweet?!?! He's been doing many kind acts too numerous to mention and I am super THANKFUL!!
Hitch this..
He is unable to connect with kids his own age, they don’t understand him, and he doesn’t understand them.
past moments old dreams back again or fresh like those that pass or things always and memories I say them as I hear them murmur them in the mud
Many many months ago, I came across a blog entry about smoking. The writer talked about his memories of cigarettes and how it figured in different episodes of his life.
So, we didn't do a typical Easter this year - instead of baskets and egg hunts, we took the girls to a farm - with new sparkly light up shoes :) hee hee! We didn't take them ON Easter, but just a week before and boy did we have a blast!!!!
The Australian Green and Gold colours worn by our athletes are based on the yellow wattle and it's beautiful wide long green leaves.
First off, just so you know, I am typing this on my NEW computer. One that holds a charge. One whose screen isn't tipped sideways and falling off. I could go on. It's mine, it's new and I love it. Jonah says it won't last the year.
W
Every June, Chattanooga holds the Riverbend Festival, nine days of fun and music. For $30, you get a pin that gets one person (kids free) into all nine nights. It's probably not a lot different than dozens of summer musical festivals across the country, except that it's located on the Tennessee River, and has five simultaneous stages of music. There will have been 96 different groups taking the stage by the end of the week.
2 Whistling Song 7:43
If you look really hard through the bushes on the right you can see the horse's head.
To opportunity seekers discover garment.
add 1/2 the meat on top of the eggplant (you can use the rest for something else-spaghetti=yum)
The Western as a genre has always been evolving, frequently alternating between being driven by historical and literary source material (The Covered Wagon, Cimarron, Shane) and the star-driven Westerns (films with Tom Mix, William S. Hart, Harry Carey, John Wayne). The genre had already “died” after about 1931, when it became almost the exclusive property of the Saturday morning kiddie matinee (with the exception of DeMille’s prestige The Plainsman in 1936), but was revived in 1939 with the release of John Ford’s Stagecoach, which made John Wayne an A-list star. The genre continued to evolve in the coming two decades – growing increasingly darker, with deeper character study, and finally – by the time of The Searchers in 1956 – questioning the very theme of revenge that had been a backbone of so many Western stories.
Dennis James Gomes, 40, New York, N.Y.
It is written that at the bottom of the Great Void Between the Worlds their is an enormous hole. This hole is the mouth of a great dragon whose very bowels are a series of fiery realms that serve to imprison its inhabitants. This is the Pit - the abode of demons, devils, and other creatures that once sought to dethrone the God of Law. Now they are content to gnaw at the fabric of Creation, to unmake reality. In so doing they hope to end the torment that has become so entwined with their very being.
My friend soon went on to clarify their position in various ways as people responded on their wall. It was understood that people were eschewing ‘Western’ popular music styles, but then listening to an ‘African’ version of exactly the same music and seeing nothing wrong with this – a position with no logical basis whatsoever, and yet a position held by many people in this community.
I think I spent about £14 on 2 cupcakes, 1 carrot cake and 2 coffees in here.
Back in the day, when I was running the bed and breakfast in Texas, I had a houseful of folks from all over the world. Between my vegetarian horse back rider and the Scottish lady who couldn’t eat any of the big three listed above, I was challenged to create breakfasts and desserts that would appeal to everyone. This rice pudding was a hit with all!
In Syrus v. Bennett, the court of appeals for the 10th Circuit considered the issue of whether a man who claimed copyright in the short phrases "Go Thunder" and "Let's Go Thunder" had stated a claim. Referring to the Feist requirement of originality and copyright's requirement that copyright protection extends only to works that "are the fruits of intellectual labor" the court found that the phrases plaintiff claimed were infringed were not copyrightable. Adding "Let's Go" or "Go" which are common cheers to the team name required no "intellectual labor".
I recently had dinner at Tocqueville, Chef Marco Moreira’s French-American restaurant near Union Square. Tocqueville was recommended to me because of its high-quality vegetarian options; it’s been on the “Places” tab of this blog just about since the blog started up. Overall, I thought Tocqueville had some great-sounding vegetarian options on their menu, although I thought the execution was just not quite there, particularly compared to some other places that do great vegetarian food, like Picholine or even Dovetail. The amuse-bouche was a “beet cannoli” (pictured above), and might have been my favorite item of the night. The cannoli filling had a sweet, slightly lemony taste, and the crispy beet on the outside lent a contrasting texture.
Offense/Loss Relational Loss---Best friend
Here's an example of a breakfast for Vicky:
Gavin Cassidy hasn’t been called to help a human Wyldling in over a year, which is fine by him. Still blaming himself for the death of his partner, he keeps the guilt at bay by indulging in every excess his rock star persona affords. That is, until he’s summoned to protect Zoe from hungry Fyre Elementals and learns his new charge is the key to restoring order in the dying Dreaming. He never expects to fall for the feisty Dr. Morgan…nor does he realize he may have to sacrifice the woman he loves to save an entire country.
Here’s this week’s installment. (Links are organized roughly by date and similarity of content.)
Maybe you’re out shopping, on a train, or just going to a gathering at church. Please don’t isolate yourself from those around you. Take the time to encourage someone, even if you just flash them a friendly smile as you pass by. You never know the good you might do just by stepping out of your own little world and engaging in someone else’s.
The meeting comes following the Feteresso resident’s petition to the Holyrood Public Petition Committee urging the Scottish government to adress the presumption not to prosecute Travellers for trespass.
POTATO HONEY MUSTARD CHICKEN
I scream for signs and wonders and then my heart keeps its beat
3. You can't see a damned thing.
“That video was the most powerful. It was the most well done,” said Paul Kim, a comedian who was chosen as a winner for his video about an Asian American talent competition. “I guess it was just a controversial topic.”
I’d probably be less offended if the councillor was more upfront about his intentions than he is. Rather than blowing smoke about giving back money to the taxpayers (we already do in the form of public services), Councillor Ford should just come out and say what he’s really thinking. He wants to reduce government.
I will post more at a later date about the publication of my novel, such as when and where it will be available. Until then, thanks for dropping by. I will return...
First thing I found is that Bridget Naughton Dowd really did have a twin, her name was Catherine/Katherine and there were more Naughton siblings. I have to get started on the death certificate search and send for them.
The circle is cut out with a nestie. I`ve added some flat backed pearls the the body and also the 4 corners.
This heart, have You not healed it?
* And totally diet-destroying. Do NOT attempt on an empty stomach.
P.S. Like that song that he sings in the enclosed video….. ” Will You Still Care ” after all of my issues are exposed and it looks like I am not what you thought I was… Will You StIll Care….. It is VERY SAD to say that NO… the people that Michael Jackson had around him ” didnt care ” ….. he turned into a cash operating system and they learned to give him what he wanted in order for them to obtain what they wanted…. Now even the doctors, chefs, bodyguards and everyone else who was affiliated with him by means of employment has blood on their hands.. because THEY ALL KNEW…………………….
Right, back to crunching numbers it is then. I’ll write a little something after seeing the Doctor on Thursday, but until then you can find my new blog at accountantsarentboringitsjustamyth.wordpress.com
(As for the professed desire to “make the system cheaper”: this is hard to reconcile, to put it politely, with packing the Lords at the same time. Not to mention being a deeply unworthy reason for such a significant constitutional change – as if the composition of the House of Commons were merely a matter of budgeting and administration. The “cost-cutting” argument is just an expedient to secure public support at a time when the Commons’ reputation is at its lowest ebb for centuries.)
There was a downpour of rain earlier in the day. When I arrived it had ended, and the sun was shining. I went for a walk through garden paths, barn, and by corrals during my visit.
I enjoyed Annette Lyon's class on show, don't tell. Believe me, after all the years of classes, conferences, and book-reading I've done on the subject of writing, it's so refreshing to hear something new. She talked about micro showing and macro showing, and it was an eye opener. Feel free to email me and I'll share my notes.
Yeah, I doubt it, too.
Hang one amputated arm over heavy lidded eyes.
Halfway through the evening she spotted “Sheila” dancing along to a bit of Kylie wearing (and I kid ye not) gold lamé flares, a red shirt and a black crochet throw/wrap/scarf/debacle.
Are you subscribed to my YouTube channel?
Congratulations Donna! Please email me at laurelkbeard at gmail dot com to claim your prize. You have 48 hours to respond. And be sure to pick up your winners badge and post it on your blog!
Now, I haven’t watched more than a handful of episodes of How I Met Your Mother because I don’t have cable and CBS doesn’t play nice with Hulu, but what I have seen left me with a positive impression of Cobie Smulders. Still, the decision just kind of came from out of nowhere for me and while it neither increased nor decreased my excitement for the movie, I was kinda curious to see if Joss Whedon and Co. had included her because they planned on using Maria Hill as a bit of comic relief (or as the straight man for someone else), or if Smulders had the acting chops to play hard and serious on the bridge of the Helicarrier.
My next piece is percolating. It is amazing how letting go of the feeling that I need to be as I was before opens the door to who I am now.
Here's a skirt-based outfit that made the grade for the walk to work. The skirt is dense and holds its shape well; thus there's no need for a slip, either for opacity or to prevent the skirt from clinging to my legs. To me that makes a world of difference, because half slips make an outfit feel like they're in need of constant adjustment. You've got multiple waistbands to deal with, and then you have to make sure the slip isn't hanging out at the bottom of your skirt hem or twisting around in some awkward way. I want to start experimenting with full slips under a skirt and top, because I think that might be a better option. There are so many things you never notice about outfits until you have to walk a long way in them.
Than have an infidel for a friend.
a really/very fucking expensive car
Light of heaven breaking through
“Hi Burnett!”
The day after Thanksgiving seems to kick off the Christmas season and we did it up this year.
Day 70 – Ken here
Additionally, I wrote that I would need to stop by the house the next day to pick up mail and other things as I had been living at a friend’s place throughout the separation. However, I couldn’t get home during lunchtime as I was busy at work so I was quite shocked to get a phone call from him. He was asking when I’d be by the house as he was waiting to see me. Huh? What just happened? I was quite speechless and just mumbled, “um, sometime soon…” or something. When I finally was able to stop by the house, there he was waiting for me. And he proceeded to tell me that he wanted to try this marriage again but he needed some more time to sort things out in his life. He also showed me a list of things that were important to him to see if I would have problems with any of them. They were quite trivial then but yes, I remembered I had so much issues with his interests when I was having issues with myself not too long ago. The whole experience was quite surreal. So yes, if this didn’t happen to me, I would have not believed that Oprah’s luck and life did a complete 180 as soon as she had Surrendered and Let it go. I too had let him go and instantly things did turn around for the better (it actually did take months to be better but it was a start).
Specialman: that special kind of superhero that doesn't need fancy packaging or a recognizable face to leap tall unnamed buildings in a single you-know-what. From the planet Cripton, it's Specialman! The only hero with two right hands!
Cast on 136 sts in the main color choice
Jesus paid the price. Turn to Him. Forget the “rules”. haha. I love Jesus.
The plot in THE MUPPETS sees humans Gary and Mary, and Gary’s Muppet brother Walter (no, this isn’t explained) visiting Los Angeles from their home in Smalltown, USA. Smalltown is the kind of place that’s semi-stuck in time – it’s simple, it’s old-fashioned, and there are few non-whites hanging around. Gary and Walter still share a bedroom and there’s a wonderful sense here that while the nation needs to revert back a bit, Walter and Gary need to move forward. Gary has been dating Mary for 10 years, but he’s a bit clueless in the ways that a teenage boy is clueless about why his girlfriend is mad at him – in short, because he simply doesn’t understand women. Gary and Mary are headed for LA for their romantic 10th anniversary and Gary thinks it’s a fine idea to bring Walter along so he can visit the Muppet Studios and see his heroes.
The article read fine, then Tengku threw the following at the readers. ‘That’s the beauty of Tun Mahathir.‘?!? If Tengku has no idea how much harm was caused by policy written by, or mere presence of this man via cult of personality effect, negative influence via culture of patronage effect, out of touch is indeed the word for this ‘wakil Rakyat’. If this post if offensive, please inform, I will remove this post the next time I update the site.
Bella Bling Wisteria lane
The other famous quote is by a French philosopher named Blaise Pascal who lived in the 1600s. He had a big nose himself and was certainly familiar with the startling coins showing big-nosed Cleo. He wrote this: "If Cleopatra's nose had been shorter, the whole face of the world might have been changed."
This gives me all the freedom of writing longhand, plus all the freedom of using my iPad to work on the go. With none of the hassle of paper. I don’t know about you, but I’m definitely a bit of a techno-geek when it comes to my writing.
On September 18, 2001, a new virus attacked United States operating systems. The worm was given the name Nimda, and it was an advanced version of Code Red II. Some might say that the Code Red viruses were created in preparation for the much larger Nimda attack, which was executed the week following the attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon. Due to the release date of the virus, members of the American government speculated on a link between the cyber attacks and Al Qaeda, but this theory ended up proving unfounded. The American media did not report much on the virus because of the terrorist attacks.
Ask your self a few questions, you deserve to get clarity about why you do what you do, so let’s do it together. Open your personal journal and let’s answer the following questions by brainstorming;
Solar advocates admit this, and use Levelized Cost of Energy calculations to divide energy actually produced by all costs involved, over time and with a discount rate. While solar's over twice as expensive as coal now, the advocates project the cost differential to continue to diminish at the rate it has in the past, and to disappear in a decade.
Before we move onto this weeks challenge and last weeks lucky winners just a quickie reminder about our "Pretty in Print" contest that starts next Sunday!
X Factor has a lot to answer for. Despite the fact that my foreseeable weekends are now indentured to the talent show, I’ve also developed an unlikely style crush on its underdog Wagner. The ironically hairy Brazilian may have been sheared from the show by the time this goes to print but something tells me there’s life in those snake hips yet.
Amare Eyes (Blue): Aphotic Gloom
What exactly is talent? I can only imagine that just about everyone reading this either has talent or thinks they have talent to share with the world. I myself and the latter, but it's okay because I laugh at my own jokes. At least I'm having fun, right?
Unter allen die an der Challenge teilnehmen, wird jemand mit dem Random system ausgelost, der diesen Glitter Glue"Ice Sickles" gewinnt.
The West Coast was a foreign concept to me. More than that, I had a mother recovering from a life-threatening disease and my only grandmother faced serious health issues as well. Lauren moved west without me, but with a promise that I would visit as soon as I could. A few months later she was settled into her dark and cozy Pacific Heights attic apartment, and I made good on my promise.
Me: "Yes, I could work on my beads."
My husband really, really, really wishes someone had got something like this for him when he was a kid. Now, he's just waiting for the perfect moment to give one to our daughter. I'm thinking next year or the one following. Did I mention that it not only flies, but it also takes pictures and/or video footage from on high. Oh, brave new world...
C. 1225 Christmas Tree Lane
9. Adorn oneself with appropriate Canadian themed decorations (we are just breaking out the fake tattoos as I type, and my cute little socks with the Canadian flags are all ready to go for tonight).
Christianity teaches us to ignore our humanity. We have to strive to be spiritual beings, and this sack of bones is just an inconvenience. That’s the biggest load of bunk I’ve ever been taught. We were fearfully and wonderfully made. We are human. We are the way we are meant to be. Christians need to learn to embrace their own humanity or they will spend their lives in self-flagellation.
26 two
Therapy? Diane GB
I must not forget the raconteur and critic, Ikhedi Ikheloa, or Lola Shoneyin, the poet and novelist, and the endearing feminism of her writing, or NEXT’s gifted editor, the self-effacing Kadaria Ahmed, and the plinth of its investigative team, Dapo Olorunyomi.
In a crowded fire.
- 1/2 jalapeño, seeded and minced
This month it is:
And now in true contemporary Italian style a blond foreign dancer has been flushed out (close-up of the bag containing her lingerie in a diver's grip on a rubber rescue dinghy), and the cruise ship's captain who claims he 'fell' into a life raft has been named a philanderer, a risk-taker, a show-off.
From the day she was born up until now, she always makes a lot of noise!
Two other aspects of conservative psychology that seem worth noting come from articles by two popular American conservative journalists: Jonah Goldberg and Joseph Sobran:
Tussocky, littered. 'Mr Bleaney took
because over 13,000 executive orders obviates the very idea of consultation and compromise? Has Congress in effect resigned itself to posture more as a debating society rather than a legislative body? My partisanship with respect to Executive Order 13603, the appointment of czars and capricious findings by cabinet departments that use the police power to drive politically motivated goals is evident. However, we should all be alarmed: government by decree is precisely what our Constitution was designed to avoid. Polls show 90% hold Congress in disdain. If the people were to be fully aware of the extent to which we are ruled by decree, the institution of the presidency would lose a much respect and a big chunk of its legitimacy. If our society is to function with a high degree of civility and consensus, this is not the way to operate. This may seem a nerdy campaign issue given the big issues of economic performance, debt and entitlement. If congressional earmarks was a subject for debate, I believe government by executive order ought to be raised. The candidates should be made to explain how they will govern. We, the citizens, should consider how we will allow ourselves to be governed. Cordially, Larry Greenberg
Deep breaths, take it easy. There’s a whisper in my head, I’m not sure if it’s her or me. She’ll come to me, I just heave to breathe..and I see her!
4) I truly believe that I once saw a ghost in our home in Dallas, Texas, after I had gone to bed one night. She was non-threatening and produced feelings of awe rather than fear. However, I never slept on that side of the bed again.
We both love to see what's new every week...and Borga loves the satisfaction of a job well done!
Thank you so much to:
Someone said to me yesterday that “as individuals we are inclined to cut our personal expenses in a bad economy and try to wait things out.” For a company that wants to be successful in the market, it is about fighting this personal urge to hide and stay on the offensive in the most cost effective way.
Marvin’s Revolt, Wet Dog and I Am Bones
(RNS)
This grave world labors way too long
My dear eldest (6) daughter and I came up with this snack the other day, and I thought it was fun, so we snapped a picture.
The story had broken the day before in the East Bay Express, but the woman above was telling me not to believe everything I read, and that the Bay Guardian was going on strong as ever.
Adopting electret condenser cartridge with high sensitivity , low impedance , anti
the holy man replied,
My ghee is missing something that CACL's has that I will never be able to duplicate with my Sam's butter. Freshness. Hers is way, way better than mine, and I hope she'll continue to share. Her ghee was in the cow a short time before, where as mine was in a store or a truck. I am glad I went through this exercise -- it makes me appreciate what she shares with me even more.
Pat: I’m not about to retire on it. I will say that since it first came out in March, I’ve already earned more money from the e-book that I ever received from my print publisher. I think genre fiction has better potential to really take off as an e-book, because there are highly focused communities of readers out there. Amanda Hocking is an example of a genre writer who’s had some astounding e-book success, but she also worked really hard for it and wrote a bunch of books. I just have the one e-book right now.
DOC: Right.
I went over to a likely (and less nude, though there were some topless teenagers around) spot and parked myself in the sun there. Ah. Sort of a black sand, not exactly sandy, but not pebbly either. Little bitty black rocks that were kind of flat and not pokey. I settled in and watched the fjord and the sun and the boats and the mating rituals of the under 20's. I kept my top on, didn't want to embarrass the poor girls with what REAL boobs look like. (Real fabulous, I might add.) I read my book, Diana Gabladon's latest, and sent a couple texts on my phone. Nice, lazy.
14. Shaving Cream - Benny Bell
Carl and Sarah should feel good about all the great memories they've provided to Easthampton over the past twelve years. The idea of Sunrise not being around does feel weird, but I admire them for what had to be a very difficult decision. Life only moves forward, and I wish them the best of luck with whatever new lifestyle they choose, whether it be Hawaii, Florence, or a small culinary college in Vermont. Thanks for the impact you've had on my life and the many in town who will miss your talent for creating great sweets. May the road ahead be everything you hope for and more.
It has been an amazing week! We kicked off the celebration with a special Meet & Greet Monday ... hopefully you all got a chance to link up your sites, Facebook & Twitter accounts ... and made some new friends (if you didn't, it stays open until 6:00 pm tonight). On Tuesday, Brian talked to us about "green" publishing and how both the process of getting books into our hands (as well as the books themselves) has changed over the years and become efficient and Eco-friendly. Our regular Change The World Wednesday challenge stayed on topic asking us to turn off the TV & Computer ... and read. Thursday found Brian and I chatting ... about books, writing and green living. And then ... some of you joined the conversation and told us a bit about yourselves ... about which book genres are your favorite and your feelings on whether there is hope for our environment. If you missed any of this week's celebration, you can "catch up" HERE. Brian's book tour may be leaving "our place" but it's far from over. For his complete schedule, click HERE.
Old, ancient languages that evolved into our current lingoes. I'm not just referring to Latin, but also to obscure dialects, like for instance, the Basque language, whose origin remains uncertain. I hasten to add that Basque is not dead, contrariwise, it's alive and kicking and as mysterious as ever.
We also bought 2 male baby goats. There names are Chewy and Louie. :-D Their job is to eat the thistle patches and all of the tall weed areas. They are happy to help! Rebekah and Hannah love taking them for walks with their collars and leashes. The goats seem to think it is a lot of fun, too. They are such social creatures!
No less significant although a bit harder to see was the Lord’s message all throughout the seminar-His word presented in the lessons. Although filtered through the viewpoint of youth ministry, it was the message of the Bible nonetheless–creating conviction, bringing passion, and reigniting hearts to serve Him.
Yesterday, as we drove home from school he said, "Today we read a book bout animals!" I asked what book.
Bedtime!
11. Chadwicks black and white dress, $4.99
Here are some tips I got for making the buttercream smooth:
Last week I shared a glorious day with friends, other fabulously creative womyn in the studio...
Ich habe hier "Tilda with Fir" von Magnolia verwendet. Der Text ist wie die größeren Schneeflocken von Whiff Of Joy, die feine Schneeflocke ist von Magnolia.
I thought the people I watched in youtube videos were trippin on the first day. Please watch my favorite Master Cleanse person, Heavenlee315! She is so inspirational. I’d totally hang out with her. As time went on in their 7, 10, 14, 20 and even 30+ days of drinking a lemonade, water, maple syrup and cayenne pepper concoction, they all reported feeling pretty good despite not having even a morsel of food. (Surely, I thought they were full of it… which they were… full of toxins and crap which the master cleanse helps you get rid of.)
There's a shadow hanging over me. (some call it smog, I refer to it as SPF 2000.... or lower, lower cloud)
11- To applique, stitch along the very edge of all your applique pieces (make sure you are only sewing through one layer and not sewing the shirt closed!). I thought it would be cute to stitch through the middle of the cone to create a waffle pattern but then I got lazy! Once you are done, clip your threads and carefully tear away the paper. Your shirt is complete!
Besides the hot mess that is Tyler who ran out of his medication, you have the Grayson’s divorce starting. No surprise there, right? The children start to take sides. Charlotte obviously chooses her daddy’s side. Daniel is stuck into the middle until he learns that Tyler was not fired. Daniel is now on Team Mommy and is willing to get her information that she needs to get what she wants.
I heart my lean mean grilling machine! This thing is a huge time saver. I know I have the oldest model there is. I am sure there are new better options out there but I will stick with good ole George until he no longer works. I love that it cooks from both sides so it cooks in half the time of a stove top grill.
I am doing well. I still haven't heard from my results yet from my monitor but hopefully this week I will. I have been feeling better but still have small episodes every now and then.
Here's fifteen tips that came out of our first session and Q&A, which featured GE, Alcoa and P&G, among others:
The same principle applies to ebooks, but with an added challenge -- you need a cover that stands out when reduced to a 160-pixel tall thumbnail. Worse -- a black-and-white thumbnail for people browsing with the Kindles. There's a lot you have to cram into that postage stamp image -- a cool picture, a title, and the author's name. If possible you'll want the title and author to be legible even in the thumbnail, though both of these will be listed next to the image in most ebook stores.
And then, this week's palette #71 at The Color Room had white in it again. Hmmm, just one more layout, maybe. I tell you, it's addicting!
Onto the bigger scope of life I promise every day to learn about at least one new place in the world. Visually is the starting line and my mind takes off and takes me there. First and foremost the locks in any canal drive me nuts (Panama canal is a hopeful destination for me like, some people want to go to Disney) and I am simply intrigued by them (canals). Lately the Corinth Canal has me dreaming about a passage through and what it would be like.
As always, I came away fulfilled not only from having shared with open-minded, like-minded women my research, my views on spirituality, my music and how they're related...I've come away inspired by them.
But I care. And that’s all that matters.
The only real way for healing and growth to take place is by sharing the unadulterated, un-’created’ truth. Allowing a child to build fantasies based on a fabricated tale of love and loss by birth parents is misleading and deceitful. And the ramifications could be enduring.
Let’s see what CIOs and general management can learn from this icon of modern business. (In no particular order and a few other sources utilised):
Good-bye. Please see my widow is looked after as far as Admiralty
And of course, as it’s the last challenge of the month, we are sponsored by those fabulous people across the pond.
But I 'll write more about all that next week. It's still a bit touch and go here.
Chamomile is of the Asteraceae (or daisy) family. The particular type of chamomile used medicinally is matricaria recutita, commonly known as German chamomile. "The flowers have a strong, aromatic smell, and bloom in early to mid summer." (Wikipedia.com)
Things get even more mysterious when Chia takes Konoha to an archery practice to meet Shuji. Some alumni from the team show up to watch as well, and they rush to Konoha when they see him. Turns out, he looks exactly like an old team mate of theirs who committed suicide ten years ago -- Shuji Kataoka! Dun-dun-dun!
Citizens of the World guests will enjoy a three-hour cocktail reception, tasty appetizers and delicious mini-cupcakes provided by our food sponsors, Amazing Edibles, Café Bolero, Jaimitos Burritos, Mello’s Carry Out, and The Yoho Bakery, along with live music and dance performances. Latin jazz vocalist, Natalie Oliveri, who recently opened for Estelle and Luke James at the BET Music Matters show aired in February, will perform acoustic soul with guitarist, Josh Rosen. Axé Capoeira Chicago, an international Afro-Brazilian martial arts group will engage in a traditional Capoeira Roda (pronounced HOH-dah), where Capoeirista’s play a martial arts game disguised in a dance. Urban Vibe, a Latin dance company will perform sexy salsa, followed by one of Chicago’s most popular hip-hop dance troupes, Chicago Onyx Dance Alliance (CODA), closing the night with a set featuring break dancing, foot-working and popping and locking moves sure to have guests ready to hit the dance floor.
A HUGE thanks to many of you for this one: Rite Aid has rolled out the Just Bitten Balm Stain displays just in time to catch the 40% off Revlon sale going on THIS WEEK (through Saturday, May 12)!
finally, i can tell you about it.
“Following” somebody is a rather odd concept. Sure, we know that it simply refers to the observation of a person’s blog, but when you take the word itself — FOLLOWING — it brings up a rather stalkerish image.
She’d helped me through a miscarriage, facilitated the tie-dying of anything not nailed down, showed me how to sew and more importantly showed me how much a friend can impact your life.
Just click the image to preview!
He joined up with former band mates Jo and Bradley to form ‘S Club 3′ in 2008.Cattermole sang with his own band at a charity concert called ‘The Sounds of Summer’ at ‘The Lord Taverners’ club in London on July 27, 2011. He implies in a YouTube video interview promo that he is planning to launch more musical material.
09 The Promised Land (5:39)
Add the brown sugar. Go ahead and mix the flour and brown sugar together.
Murakami Haruki's extra-long 1Q84 was full of narrative strategies that went against the grain of conventional storytelling. It represented a hardening of his hyper-realistic style and its ambitiousness was patterned after that of George Orwell's dystopia, with the Little People in the novel imagined to have the same iconic stature as Big Brother. This well-intentioned novel, however, was bogged down by its own paper weight.
984. – Appetizers @ Marsha Brown (New Hope, PA) –
To sing harmony than melody.
Booktalk: The school bathrooom is a place where kids meet their friends, go to think when a pet has died, or just to take a break from it all.
The mobsters? Their purpose is to chase after the apes, try to kill them, spy on them and otherwise attempt to terrorize. What they succeed in is getting in a lot of car crashes, spilling stuff all over themselves, getting into arguments, shake around a painter's scaffold and do stereotypically Italian things like drink wine, eat pasta, speak like Chico Marx and be an insult to organized crime. It's a good thing the Mafia doesn't exist, I tell you, or these guys would all get wacked.
Inspired by the early 80's international hardcore scene, they combined and wrote new songs and kicked up their punk sound a notch to HARDCORE.
♥ L'Occitane Almond Shower Oil.
I was beginning to get to like this Papi as well. Clearly extremely intelligent (even the tour guide said his questions were "very good" in first grade inspired feedback which made you want some too, sadly my questions did not receive the same accolades, Gabe was the star student of the day) and pursuing a career in international justice and inequality up-ending, we certainly had a lot to talk about. I was just talking about this with my friend Sally but, as much as people tell you to look away from someone's occupation because "it's not who they are it's what they do," I believe there is something to be said in how you choose to contribute to the world with your human capital. Granted, not everyone has the same ability or the same choices available to them in life but, more often than not, the people I am seeing do and I forget how nice it is to be with someone whose efforts are towards righting the wrongs of the worlds full force. As we weaved through the streets of Coronoa, from thrift stores to vibrant shops, passing children with icees and parents with back to school fliers and spanish spanish spanish everywhere, our conversation kept the most friendly of beats and I found myself looking often up (way up!) into his eyes. Corona Queens is ALIVE with color and sites and sounds and even though I was battling a cold, I felt like skipping next to Gabe.
Here are a few pics from the most recent weeks:)
Many novels are well-written but a bit boring. Many more are thrilling and badly written. Some, like this one, are fascinating and nailbiting and also satisfy on a sentence by sentence basis. The most impressive thing about this book is its architecture: the clever way it's constructed and assembled, but it's also gossipy, funny, full of hair-raising accounts of terrible things, and like the very best of Dickens, it'll make you gasp and make you cry while giving you a few laughs along the way. It is also satisfactorily fat, so it will entertain you for longer than one sitting. I can't recommend it highly enough.
OMD Enola gay UK
Keep health and blood pressure low,review by Joel donesa
SCC: The Sithe are clearly excellent fighters, and enjoy a good brawl. You are one of the best with a sword. But if you didn’t have a sword, dagger or anything else long, sharp or pointy, what would you do? Do any of the Sithe practise any type of martial arts combat which involves no weapons? If not, shouldn’t you use all that time you’ve spent in the human world and start training your Clann so that you’ll have an advantage over your future enemies?
story short: Burton can’t ask us to laugh at Barnabas’s reality for most of the film, and then suddenly attempt to turn Dark Shadows into a serious and consequential battle between good and evil. For one thing, the movie never quite squares the fact that Barnabas is indeed the protagonist, but that he wantonly murders innocent people too. Thus the movie never decides what Barnabas should be as a character, except a non-stop joke-producing machine. It reminds me of the 1998 Godzilla. There, no effort was made to determine whether we should love the monster, consider him just an animal, or consider him an evil terror. Similarly, in Dark Shadows we are never sure to how to categorize Barnabas. He’s funny and likable, but he’s also weird and murderous. We might want him to find love and happiness, but he should also be held accountable for his blood shed.
Like I said, this isn't a message book; it's not didactic. But there are some things a reader can take away: do the right thing. Love matters. Life is made of hard choices. But, again -- this is not preachy. There is meaning and depth here.
You’re mother superior in only a bra
"No, no," I said stopping him. "I'm in now. I can unlock the side door."
Be kind and forgiving
When Pilate learned that Jesus was dead, he asked the soldiers if they were certain. They were. Had they seen the Nazarene twitch, had they heard even one moan, they would have broken his legs to speed his end. But there was no need. The thrust of a spear removed all doubt. The Romans knew their job. And their job was finished. They pried loose the nails, lowered his body, and gave it to Joseph and Nicodemus.
Comments most welcome.
Every picture tells a story – from this particular grassy knoll, it’s a crying shame that the story’s not been told here.
1) I am so mad - SO MAD - at Peyton Manning!
He found a fresh jawbone of a donkey, so he reached out and took it and killed a thousand men with it.
We should start by reviewing what a “boarding establishment” is. Virginia Code Section 3.2-6500 defines a “boarding establishment” as “a place or establishment other than a pound or animal shelter where companion animals not owned by the proprietor are sheltered, fed, and watered in exchange for a fee.” That seems broad enough to cover not only kennels, but also doggie daycares and train and board programs.
You mentioned all critical items but listed them as if they were normal options. You do know that these items are not optional. And if Malaysia ever is to be a First World nation or in line with the Human Rights Charter, the MP is question must be able to endorse with intent to grant as an election promise :
I'm thankful to have a supportive husband who is a great father, and I'm thankful to have an awesome sister who makes me laugh. I'm thankful to have amazing friends; the ones who have been with me my entire life, and the ones I've been lucky enough to meet through blogging.
I met him at McDonalds, and the kids had ice cream. Worked out great. I got the kids after letting them play for a while (there was some kid at the playland named Anakin!!!), and headed back to post. I dropped Leo off at his house, and went back home to get ready for the meeting.
People do not have faith in themselves , they do not have love for themselves and their fellow being , animals, trees , things that sustain life but they would draw blood and commit the most atrocious things like child sacrifice for a belief they can’t even explain properly. They are like those terrorists, fundamentalist who have blinkers on and one agenda – their supremacy.
A more feasible hypothesis is, perhaps, that different types of "white oak" have been used in the different cases, or that the treatments employed have been different. A cask made from newly felled, unseasoned "white oak" of an unsuitable species is sure to give violently disagreeable flavours when it is filled with beer, no matter what preliminary treatment may have been employed to minimise this. We have had personal experience of casks of this type, and we can testify that even when lined, "pickled" and treated by every - known trick, they will continue to contaminate every lot of beer with which they are filled, until they are eventually broken down and thrown away. Even one stave of timber of this kind is enough to taint the whole contents of the cask.
Gaia,s grace
the fritz fritters," the Whirlwind said to me. We were talking about my post on school food.
5-6 pounds $5.13
Thanks so much, Holly. You are the best! =)
I checked on the list and I have read 12 of the 25. Hearing the readers made me want to read 2 more, there are 5 more I already wanted to read and 2 I wouldn't touch. Which leaves a few I have no strong views about. I wonder what next year's list will be like?
this photo was taken the day before i decided to paint it and whip it into shape. we had been living in the space (renting), and finally closed on it, so i felt it was time to make it pretty!
Especially for coworkers and cousins because there are so many of them.
All the family was captivated by the garden. For the children it was a space to run, swing and climb, to camp on the hillock with friends, to loll in the hammock strung beneath the massive fir tree on the lawn. Peter converted the pig house into a small carving studio, put in a workman's stove and reappeared only for meals when I rang the bell that hung outside the kitchen door.
’Full Street, Derby 1769′
Captain Cougar's Jussi Petäjä discovered Jenna-Miia Kaivosoja one night while watching TV singing competition Idols. Impressed by her performance of Dolly Parton's Jolene, they started collaborating and making real music. Now with the addition of keyboardist Matias Tyni, they have formed Blackbird to create a surprising combination of folk and bubblegum pop. If this first song is a good indication, their debut album due out in the summer will be catchy, cheesy and fun.
Everything they are selling now is unaged but they do have some product, including a bourbon, in barrels.
North Peak Diabolical IPA was an average beer at best.
David Hasselhoff as Simon
Instead of white South Africans preparing themselves for what lies ahead their well-chosen leaders are occupying their gullible minds with volkstaat dreams and rekindling the hate of yesteryear against their English-speaking countrymen, because their Boer hero's gave away their beloved Boer Republics to Britain and they want it back.
Total Time: 39:27 Min
Pray for those who govern our nation and the world, that we may live in peace and godliness.
To help my readers take a look at the Elizabethan Church through the window of the Canons of 1571, I have modernized the spelling and have inserted explanation of certain words in brackets in the text. The text I used comes from The Church Historical Society’s 1899 edition of The Canons of 1571 in English and Latin. I have taken Professor Collins’ footnotes, renumbered them, and converted them into endnotes. I have also included the appendix to The Church Historical Society’s 1899 edition of The Canons of 1571 in English and Latin.
“The Lord confides in those who fear him...” (Psalm 25:14)
Steve stood frozen as Trent shouldered past him, trotting along the sand. “What?”
Height: 25 inches, 74% (when the nurse measured, Kelsey stretched her legs and pointed her toes, like she was trying to be as tall as possible.)
you have swayed me
CTS were a Boston hardcore band that formed out of a bunch of kids that were going to college together. Paul the guitarist was from NJ and played in Tear It Up... we'd played some shows together. He was the only guy I really knew from CTS. He was an awesome guitarist and had a killer knack for doing artwork. He sent me the CTS demo tape, and even though it was about 4 mins in length, I was floored and wanted more. I immediately contacted Paul and asked him to do a 7" on my label. He was into it, and had a clear vision of exactly what he wanted the record to look like and sound like. I gave him pretty much free reign to do whatever he wanted. The record sold out pretty quickly, and I think we pressed between 1,500-2000 copies. I had a really awesome relationship with the band that sparked one 7", a 12" and a 10" on Gloom. Best dudes ever... nicest guys in hc during that time period. This is pure thrash.
Pick each good points and PRAISE the kid
One of the problems with young evangelicals that I have noticed, is an easily-offended sensibility. Kids from evangelical and/or home-schooled backgrounds (and due to Bob Jones University, a home-schooler hub, we have a PARCEL of them represented locally, so I know whereof I speak) have been raised in a sequestered environment. They are not allowed to watch TV at BJU, for example; similarly, lots of the home-schooled kids have been extremely overprotected. When they get out into the real world, it can be overwhelming and confusing.
That's it for today! Hope you have a great one!
"After so many years and until today, even after PBS (Parti Bersatu Sabah) rejoined the Barisan Nasional, nothing has changed," he said.
thank You For Protection (Thank You)
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — Authorities in the U.S. have accused a divorced Palestinian man of illegally moving his three children from their home in Kansas to his native Gaza earlier this year.
In a thick bottomed pan, heat 1/8cup of ghee and add ground dal paste and stir continuously, so that no lumps will form. This part is very tricky as the dhal cooks really fast, irrespective of the ghee.
Here's what I found...
I was inspired by a few different things today to create this card. Let me start with the sentiment..."Life is a balancing act."This is SO true, and in the paper crafting world it can be very easy to get wrapped up in deadlines, challenges, you get the picture. I was inspired by this post by the uber talented Kelley Eubanks. She talks about balance and the importance of maintaining it. I loved it and can relate on a much lower level of course. lol Anyways...my second source of inspiration is the sketch challenge from this weeks Card Patterns Weekly Sketch. It has been such a long time since I played along with this one. Here is the sketch:
And once the posts went up, it was great to read your responses and find out what you had to say over some of today's most interesting scientific fields and their respective discoveries and advances. The blogosphere has to be one of the sharpest audiences around, and sometimes it really was a challenge to reply to your comments and answer your questions!
These past few weeks have been really great for me. No, no I haven’t won a million dollars…yet , and I still havent not sorted national service out yet.its a happiness of a different kind. I have seen God ‘ s love for me in so many ways. Through the random acts of kindness of other people.
Ok. Here we go!!
A boy who’s content to be your buddy
But lets indulge this sap.
It is like hybrid of Ponyo and Transformers.
Make the Cake: Place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 400F. Line a 10x15 inch rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper.
I am not at the wheel of control
2 directing
I turned him out into the indoor and after letting him roll, lunged him. He trotted off beautifully sound and I pretty much stopped breathing. Sound? SOUND?
Queen Anne is the most common Victorian style and is characterized by an irregular shape, a steeply pitched roof, elaborately carved details, and large porch. Queen Annes are known for their multi-hued color schemes and complex siding and trim details.
The day after Fonti coliced in May he suddenly developed a serious fever, his temperature rising to 41 degrees Celcius or over 105 Fahrenheit. For 4-5 days the vet was there every day to give him Novalgin which caused his temperature to drop for about 8-12 hours before it stared rising again. After a short week of no fever it came back, and we had another 4-5 days of the same. The theory was that this was a virus and not connected to his other health problems.
Take for instance the following…
So it's only December 5th and I already feel the "busy-ness" of the season coming upon me!! I feel like from here on out, there is so much to do every week, but I love all the fun things that we have coming up! I had a wonderful Thanksgiving with my family, I hope you did too. I would post pics of it all, but instead I made this fun little video for our Youtube channel, and figured it would be easier to share it with you this way!
Based on my life style this can be a great way for me to become healthier. Who wants to put junk food in a cloth reusable bag, come on now, I gotta set a good example and maybe by me helping the environment, I am also helping myself become healthier! :)
- Unlocking the Mystery of Life (Written by W. Peter Allen & Stephen C. Meyer)
$37 gift certificate drawing (1 chance per listing purchased)
However, you have to give her credit for having the guts to create a book that paints slavery in harsh terms, with stories about separated families and mothers who committed suicide after having their child seized from them and sold away. All this written by a woman, in a time when women couldn’t vote and it was unseemly for a lady to have an opinion about anything but fashion and raising a family.
Good thing ... any demands for new collars or extra treats would be flatly refused. :-)
Level 5: MP Cost: 28, jumps for a certain distance.
2 pints strawberries (about 7 cups whole)
1/2 cup pecan pieces or pine nuts
If you should ever leave me
Phase 2 – ‘True E’ – assessments which are designed to be online.
Time to shoot for the moon….
You decide if she has an Angelina Jolie fascination.
He glanced in the rearview mirror at me, and began to speak gently about how difficult it is for us to trust God even though “He has the whole world in His hands.” I heard the cadence of his African accent, and guessed he might have been from Ghana. I thought back on my own trip to West Africa twenty years ago, and remembered how easily people spoke of faith, even to strangers.
I got a new boyfriend. He’s really nice. I want to spend all my time with him but he’s so far away. He lives in Athens, you know, like in Greece? It’s really far – and old. I saw on the internet. A bunch of stuff happened there a long time ago. Now, it’s just like everywhere else. I miss him so much. We met on Facebook. Well, this is how it started.
$3.00/1 – LEGO, Hero Factory Fire Lord, Meteor Strike Game, Ultimate Brick Tub or Duplo Brick Tub, Target Coupon
Saturday... the market in Apt and a tour of one of the oldest villages in the Luberon.. Oppede Le Vieux...
Mr. Gogt testifies that a straight scan of an original document would not show such layering.
Take care my friends and here’s to a great and blessed week.
OF COURSE! Hey, most of the time with these films, and with Arnie's films as well, you'll just get a dude named John Jackson with an obviously non-American accent and never acknowledge it at all. So I am thankful this little bit is in here, whether or not it is kind of a sly joke.
The Mexican people hadn’t wanted to become part of an empire in the first place. They’d been happy with a republic, thank you very much. So when they got fed up, and the Americans to the North (now finished fighting the Civil War) realized the Monroe Doctrine was being violated in a big way, Napoleon tucked his tail between his legs and called his troops home, and left old Max to face a firing squad.
This perennial tropical plant with an aromatic rhizome grows up to 5-6 feet tall. The plant belongs to the ginger family where the rhizomes are used for medicinal purpose. It has oblong, smooth leaves and fragrant, greenish white flowers.
just because she dresses out of the "Norm" whatever the "norm" is, doesnt mean shes going to hate everyone, it doesnt mean shes gonna do drugs and have sex.
Now I'm left with the set, without the actors. The visual elements such as the fire escape shadows and the striped awning became more important, and I noticed that there were actually a bunch of strong elements competing for attention. Is it about the fire escape, the cast shadows, the awning, the sign... Too many good things crammed into one picture. Too many statements.
The names of attorneys representing the pair were not immediately available. …
In June 2004 while Conservative leader Michael Howard was campaigning against immigration to win the General Election, he was an investor in communications firm Incepta. A subsidiary company Citigate Lloyd Northover won two Home Office contracts to develop Websites and communications technology to speed up applications from immigrants to enter the UK.
We spent a week on the East side of Bora Bora, which is definitely challenging but worth the trip. There are lots of reefs to maneuver around and the water is very shallow. So we stuck to following the channel and went very very slow. No worries - we never hit the bottom and missed all of the coral heads - yeah!
Not many destinations are trying to attract guests with their local food yet. But South Tyrol is within the customers perception the land of apples and wine. This world wide fame is fostered for more than 4 decades. We all got these pictures in our head from farmers picking each one of their apples by hand and harvest their wine with inner passion, knowing that this product is case sui generis.
6. Workers do not need to be away from the job to take the course online.
Ballet/Violin
He went on where He left off.
How the GOP Ruined This Kind of Person for Everyone: He burned too hot, too fast. Rick came out fighting with his madness, burning down his prospects (and the prospects of his race) too quickly. He was never subdued, never controlled. A Human Torch must have a more sane handler keeping them from committing kamikaze.
Hope you are having a lovely Easter weekend!
No matter what we do or how stable we try to make our lives, a challenge is always waiting around the corner. To believe this constant stream of challenge happens by chance seems a bit naive.
The thing I found interesting about the film is the equal bits of what I like to call sepia-colored-restraint that fell over the film like a mist. The same restraint that you find in the novel also plays out in the film. Had I not already been familiar with the book, I would have found some of the conversations and plot twists jarring against the slow moving story.
It was a beautiful day, and the whole city was out on the streets filing up the cafe’s, beaches and sidewalks… In one of the cafe’s, nestled in a corner along side the beach, i sat across from her, watching her thoughtfully as she chatted. it was hard for me to control my facial expressions, but i think i managed to maintain a steady, mildly interested face.
Happy Birthday Darcy! We love you so much!!
He took off walking and I went in the opposite direction to get the car.
Your library might have the audio book, too. Have you looked?
When I started working at my dad’s surf shop when I was 14 I was in love with the surf industry. I thought I would be forever. It didn’t ever occur to me that a decade later I would be contemplating moving to Montana or Washington to escape the sport.
He answered when he got the call
This week's Shine Challenge is to give a compliment a day.
I also love the humour in which Green writes The Fault In Our Stars. The way he cleverly turns a phrase is enough to keep me reading his books forever.
like an oak standing in the sun
Porgues: "At one time enjoyed great popularity for dyspepsia and bladder irritability and catarrh."
It turned out we actually lived quite close to each other, we reached his house first and he made it clear he didn't intend to walk me home, even though it was dark by then. Polite as ever I stayed a few minutes to try and end the evening on a friendly note, during which time a woman, clearly his Mother, poked her head out of an upstairs window to inform him there were some cold sausages in the fridge if he was hungry and that she'd taped Top Gear for him. So much for having his own house.
And when I had to leave for work it looked liket his:
.After you have copied this into the notepad save as Update.Bat this will make sure it runs the command and update the files you will also have to run this when your server needs updating. When you first run it it should download about 4.5GB of files and this took me half an hour make sure you run it more then once to make sure you have everything.
I have been anxious about the copy edit because, frankly, strictly entre nous, I had some very terrible copy editing on my last two books. Great copy editing is an elegant, subtle art. I absolutely love skilled copy editing which helps the author say and mean what she means to say. Copy editing is essential. It saves the author from repetitions and other artifacts of revision and rewriting, and it saves the author from her own weaknesses. (I have a tin ear for "that" and "which," no matter how many times I check Strunk and White.)
I also used 3 stickers from Websters Pages..
Well, no one more than me, is glad to put this week to bed!!! So if you'll just hush, I'll explain my absence. Between regular work duties, a huge store visit, training a new assistant, and last weekend, the ex- Boy Toy had emergency appendix surgery, so my little Buster Bolfig Borghese has been with me ever since!!! The highlight last week was a charity drag show for Philadelphia AIDS Thrift, which is incorporated in Pennsylvania as a non-profit business. They are also a federally recognized tax-exempt charitable organization. Their mission is to sell the lovely, useful and interesting stuff generous people donate to their thrift store and then distribute the proceeds to local organizations involved in the fight against HIV/AIDS, and to hospice aids houses. Miss Miriam Webster talked the Mistress to coming out of retirement, in a rare appearance, for the event, and in addition, Miriam also hooked up the Drag Race tour with the show , which brought a huge amount of funding in! Present were Raja, Manila Luzon, Carmen Carrera,Nina Flowers, Morgan McMichaels, Yara Sofia, and Raven! All of which except for Yara were much taller than I expected, but all very stunning and sweet as pie!
- Blur released their most recent album to date, 'Think Tank';
Darshun Luthais—Nasharin warrior and chosen Guardian of earth,
The pacing and attention to detail are spot on, with assorted exciting incidents within that are certain to please the reader. A few such scenarios were: Niall’s encounter during a dream-state of carnivorous plants in a forested glade; and discovering a vicar had inherited ‘power’. All sub-plot threads were tied up at the end except for a few that will obviously be dealt with in the following books of the series.
In one (1) business magazine, I scanned 6 QR Codes: 3 went to a company website, 1 went to a product information page and 1 went to a virtual showroom tour and the final displayed text saying. “mention this QR Code for one free hour of remote service, 555-555-5555″
Meat:
I also have a set of screenshots taken later in the zone when the server is ‘daytime’. I’ll try and get them posted today before I go exploring anew!
“Oh yeah! I forgot! Your most recent prospect is a guest of the county jailhouse.”
Stop giving yourself needless trouble.
Has anyone ever heard of LOLA of BCBG? Well I’ll actually be surprised if you have since there hasn’t been any huge promotion about it. LOLA is the little sister of BCBG Max Azria and Herve Leger. Named after the designers daughter, this additional brand was created to satisfy that pesky little sister that always wants to borrow your clothes as if it costs $30 (my words not the company).
That must weigh two tons.
Of course, if one were prepared to engage in illegal activities, it would not be hard to think of ways to use Antifa’s laxness in this regard to punish it and rot away at it from the inside. Doing so without crossing the line into illegality, however, would require detailed case-by-case knowledge of what sort of information could be gathered on individual Antifa members to convince the police to prosecute them, public authorities to withdraw their financial support, or employers to fire them. Whether or not any theoretical efforts made in this regard might not be made with greater effect in lobbying to reform the relevant parts of the welfare state or persuade the police and courts to more assiduously prosecute Antifa in the first place is, admittedly, an open question.
Readings for Friday, March 2, designated by the 1979 Book of Common Prayer: Gen. 40:1-23; 1 Cor. 3:16-23; Mark 2:13-22; Psalms 40, 51, 54, 95
Hypocrite is the term that people who can't draw distinctions frequently use to describe people who can. Let me explain.
Tag card materials:
Clean the bathroom/bathrooms. Wet a cloth and sprinkle soap onto the cloth, wipe down the bathtub, the sink and the counters. I use a hand scrubber to remove tough grime. Use one scrubber for the toilet, and a separate one for the sink, bathtub and floors.
Writing the Embrace series has been an opportunity for me to pour some of the incredibly intense emotions of young love into Violet’s story. It has been important for me as a writer, and a person, to recognize that it’s completely realistic for someone at her young age to experience the full effect and heartbreak of love. Violet is one hundred percent invested with her heart. She makes bad choices, but we have to. She regrets many of her decisions, because we all do. And she fights for what she loves, because she is compelled to. Violet’s story is unique to her, I don’t pull on parallel scenarios from my own life, but I do pull on the emotion of intense love. Love that I think adults sometimes forget that 17 and 18 years-olds are very capable of feeling.
Now I am at home in my pj's
not harm another living being, and honor all of your contracts – which
As a vegetarian and a believer in organic, wholesome food, healthy eating came relatively easy. We don’t have too many food vices either, other than dark chocolate and home made muffins. However, the exercise part was more challenging to me from a time management side of things. Excuse number one has always been my child. For a long time I’ve dropped plans to take her out on a running pram, because I’ve been worried about her cracking it. Or I would spend the whole morning watching her cues and only when I am confident that she would be happy on the pram would I start getting ready to go out, but often by the time we’re set to leave the house, she’d be cranky. Sometimes my husband would offer to watch her (thank you darling!) but beset with mother’s guilt, I would hurry my run. Most weekend, I would often then settle for the easy way out: to stay indoors or just frequent the shopping malls.
This is more of a Core-Spine workout than you would initially think…The moment you grab the floor with your toes that energy you now have is transferred to every part of your body. Just as a tree has roots to fuel and nurture its growth; so do you, ENJOY!!!
Tyndale has given me a certificate to give away to any of my readers. If you would like a copy of this book, leave a comment. On May 7, I will draw a name from the comments and announce the winner on May 8 on my twitter and Facebook page.
I have a number of serious reservations about this stunt. To begin with, where are the audience going to be seated? If they’re waiting for him below, they’ll miss the most exciting part of the dive, when his beard is covered in icicles. But if they’re up in the plane they won’t see the finale, when he’s babbling deliriously on the ground as the medics put an oxygen mask over his face. The other worrying issue is what he might hit on the way down. Birds could probably take evasion action, but blimps and hot-air balloons would be sitting ducks. If I owned a dirigible, I would sue any skydiver who landed on my canopy without permission.
Fair dinkum.
Finally they had us wedged into our risers, and the guy who warms up the crowd came on stage to greet us. He was pretty entertaining, lots of wacky interactions, and then he gave all the expected instructions. "Don't applaud slowly and methodically -- this isn't 'Lettres et Chiffres!' he joked. "Clap fast and enthusiastically, show the guests that Le Grand Journal has the BEST audience of all. Because you are the best! And much better looking than yesterday's audience..."
Said a slightly concerned Moon.
Leaping it kinda my thang.
Licenses are valid for two, five or 10 years, depending on the legal category of the license, so keeping a gun can mean staying on a near-constant treadmill of paperwork, fees and uncertainty. The majority of the 2005 applicants, who are supposed to renew in 2010, are still waiting for a decision on their 2005 applications.
I am realizing that I have set up a lot of Roadblocks for myself. It's more mental, although the way my room is right now, it's pretty much one big roadblock for me to trip over, hoping I don't break my neck, most likely it will be my toe.
This is a wonderful opportunity to interact with fellow members and enjoy the benefits of an excellent workshop opportunity.
I didn't like my crazy hair changing colors this summer, so I dyed it. The box? it said dark brown. But imagine my suprise when I rinse the dye out, and dry my hair and I freakin look like THIS:
A couple more of my church plant related posts ::
In saying this, it's interesting that this book has caused such a storm. Like Bride, it's hit a nerve with women everywhere. Female readers are devouring it, and only coming up for air when they've turned the last page. It says a lot for the sad state of our collective sex lives that we have to get our kicks from literature rather than real life!
ONE DAY,
not two, but three sponsors!
Here is an opposite story. A girl my brother knows was walking her dog when a guy approached her. She was polite. Mistake. He talked to her about the dog and said she had pretty hair and reached out and touched her hair. She did not slap his hand down or aggressively object. Mistake. He asked her if her dog bit and she said "No". At that time he slapped the shit out of her, drug her into a wooded area, and raped her.
I will have to think about and cross verify their theories., before I write about them, but I thoroughly enjoyed looking though this book. I think it sells for Rs 210 in Gangarams (based on the sticker at the back of the book)., and they let you look through the book there before you decide whether you want to buy it or not.
Willow xx
Also, if you’re going to need to walk away from the batter at any point, do it BEFORE you add the dry and wet ingredients together. Once you do that the baking powder and baking soda start to activate and you want to get it into the oven as soon as possible for the best end product.
If you want to know what I am doing and where I will be, how the Lord is working and the needs that need to be met, follow this blog by email or send me a message to add you to the ‘e newsletter’ that I will be keeping updated – or do both!
SPECIAL DEFENSES: See below
Did you do anything special for Valentines day?
UPDATE 1130pm CDT 4/30/2012:
Whilst in IKEA I came across Phillip and Jude Reddaway who own a beautiful old priory called La Madelène from which they conduct wine tours of the Rhône region. I did a three day course with them two years ago and learned a lot about the local wines and so I asked Phillip to pair a wine with the meatballs and this is what he came up with.
The sun may be conspicuous by its absence but students are busy with final coursework and exams so summer is technically approaching!
Despite the fact that the big Texas “prayer event” fell somewhat short of the Big Ass Party To Celebrate The Establishment Of Hell On Earth I suspect they were hoping for, these folks have by no means given up. Oh no, definitely not! And, as our friend Rachel Maddow’s latest report makes very clear, these “Christian Soldiers” seem more intent than ever to “march on” into history:
We had the best visit with Ali and Ben. They came up to go camping with us, but since we got over a foot of snow we kiboshed that idea and just hung out at home. The first day did feel somewhat like camping since our power went out for two nights and one full day and for us that means no water, no power, no heat (except for our wood stove which we are so thankful for) and no water means no toilet and no power means no cooking. Thankfully my parents fed us that night. The snow has now melted and we can have our warm weather back. I love Northern BC, but if you could strangle a province I might have tried this weekend.
In 1860, Temple Lea Houston was born in a big four-poster bed in the Mansion, and proved to be the child that most took after his flamboyant father. Temple was a lawyer and orator who spoke at the 1888 dedication of the State Capitol, was notorious for his quick-draw skills, loved to go on amateur archaeological digs, was a flashy dresser, carried a bottle of Tabasco sauce in his Prince Albert coat wherever he went so he could make any food he ate “palatable,” and died in Oklahoma when he was only forty-five.
2. Friendly Lion Daydream
Lupe Fiasco – Lupe The Killer
surprised me with last year. She does such lovely stitching
As quoted in The Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) Big Book, ”A long period of reconstruction lies ahead,” and “A body badly burned by alcohol, and a mind full of twisted thinking doesn’t right itself in a twinkling.” As poetic as that may sound, truer words have never been spoken regarding the early days of the alcoholic’s recovery.
"Is it:
December 30 2011
Flavia de Luce series by Alan Bradley--read 1 out of 4 (series ongoing) A precocious girl who solves crimes and concocts potions in her spare time.
What made them shake
Next, another friend actually commissioned me to paint letters for both her boy and her girl! I think I freaked out a little more than I did with the others, since she’s paying me to do them, and she’s trusting me to make executive decisions, so it’s taking me longer than I would like to get them “right.” We decided on an old school superhero theme for her boy, and a Disney princess theme for her girl. This is what the superhero letters look like so far:
(Isn’t it just absolutely amazing how a few tribes with thriving casinos can suddenly be invited to develop cozy relationships with their neighboring communities - bobbie.)
We're a laugh without a tear
As I sit here typing this blog, I'm almost sick of myself for just engaging in this debate. I am so sick of test scores. I am so sick of the blame. Most of all, I'm so sick of bitching about all of it. (Okay, I secretly love bitching about many things, but even I have my limits.) Instead of continuing to talk and talk and talk about test scores and graphs and standardized tests, why don't we just change the conversation? Yes, I mean us, we, teachers, THE PEOPLE WHO ACTUALLY HAVE AN IMPACT ON CHILDREN EACH AND EVERY DAY...let's just change it. Stop talking about the tests. Yes, they exist. Yes, they are being abused. Yes, they are out of control. So let's just move on and talk about something else like how we want our classrooms to be run, what we want our little friends to get out of their time with us, what we feel are the true purposes of school and how we can achieve those.
Queuing up in line
I see shapes
Swaty Singh Malik ‏ @SwatySMalik: “@shilpitewari it has to be consensual or else he can much better/younger girls if he wants to exploit.”
In their place is a new breed that adds greatly to the scene’s already famed diversity. They’re more confident, yet more insouciant too. Bands seem to be enjoying themselves more these days (a bit of a global trend perhaps) and a lot of the performances, from the in-yer-face antics of Ultra-Mega-Technoband-Stefán and Reykjavík! to the jaunty collectivism of Benni Hemm Hemm, FM Belfast and Retro-Stefson – are electrifying.
How did an ordinary woman find herself involved not only with the leader of the free world but also one of the most notorious gangsters in mob history? Nothing in Judith Campbell’s background seemed to suggest that she had a penchant for taking a walk on the wild side. She was born Judith Immoor on January 11, 1934 on the East Coast but she grew up in tony Pacific Palisades in California. Her father was an architect, and her family was well off if not quite wealthy. When Judith was 14, her mother was in a serious car accident, which traumatized Judith so much that she dropped out of high school and was privately tutored.
Oh I get it!
Carlsbad: "The chief spring is the Sprudel, situated in the centre of the town, over which has been erected a glass-domed building. It rises with a throbbing movement 4 or 5 feet in the air, falling back into an ornamental basin, round which stand girls who fix the glasses of the visitors on to the end of long rods and dip them into the cauldron"
When choosing between two evils, I always like to try the one I've never tried before. ♦ I wrote the story myself. It's all about a girl who lost her reputation but never missed it. ♦ Those who are easily shocked should be shocked more often.
Do I know the person of Jesus?
ANGORA LOVE (1929) **1/2
Production is very small in many of the states, but New York has an important wine industry and next month I am going to upstate New York to visit that state’s biggest wine region – the Finger Lakes.
“The viability of a two-state solution must be maintained,” the three-page European Union statement added.
Learning math is like learning piano or dance: you have to keep doing it until it becomes natural. I started to fall in love with it, the beautiful, logical way that everything made sense. There was a fluidity I could shift into and everything else melted away. It was FUN.
.strychnine
So, I didn't quite get to start out on my "diet" as planned. I ended up getting ridiculously sick a couple of days after proclaiming my "get healthy" intentions to the entire blogosphere, and that set me back a couple of weeks. Thankfully, I'm all better now (after TWELVE DAYS of having a respiratory virus that I'm not completely convinced wasn't the flu) and in the swing of things.
At the end of the third week my legs were shot and I had to drive to work for a few days to let them recover. So much for fitness, mission definitely not accomplished. I was going to have to learn to pedal all over again. Properly.
You make a difference by inspiring others to make a difference.
And not just Israel. The physical front line of the Israel-Gaza border is also the metaphorical front line of Islam versus the West; or indeed the meeting point of good and evil, where evil is told that it can advance no more.
About 300 people volunteered from Wales against the tyranny of fascism, with 35 of whom not returning home but the important historical truth is the international flavour of those who volunteered to fight in this brutal war. A great idealistic cause of the first half of the twentieth century, that has been of great interest to me over the years. Two local people from my neck of the woods went to serve Arthur Morris and a Percy Jones. More infomation here http://irelandscw.com/docs-WelshMorris , I have yet to see a monument erected to them I believe perhaps one daytheir should be one. Over 40,000 other selfless men and women fought side by side for the ideas of liberty and social justice, solidarity and mutual aid from 53 different nationalities.Rallying to the republican cause. Alongside the war millions of workers collectiveised the land and took over industry to pursue their vision of a new society. Fighting valiantly against the reactionary medieval ideology that was Francoism, they tried to stop fascism in their tracks. Theirnummber was severely outnumbered by Franco's forces.
Some days at Primary and Junior School were difficult. Teacher would give creative writing tasks where we would be asked to detail which parent we looked most like and describe how we resembled other family members.
slowly with my Nan – getting old chatting
And so, without further ado:
I am the child that can’t catch the ball
Gazing at the locked, blast proof doors, Brenda decides she can’t chance the Soviets sending Merry Missiles for Christmas. So she reaches for another Dritz® Art Needlework Kit, thankful that they deliver during the end times.
I laughed at the fact that he thought the statues built in the 1700's were new.
Studies have shown numerous health benefits as a result of spending time outdoors connecting with nature. Not only can it help to keep us physically fit and in shape through walking, running, cycling and exploring but it can also have a positive impact on our mental well-being. Reports have shown that it can improve stress levels, aggression, feelings of depression, agitation and even pain.
People took it in turns to sit next to a very frail aunt whose grasp of the here and now was vague but whose smile was as kind as it had always been . Garden improvements and children's homework were admired . Little cousins scaled a climbing frame , sisters-in-law vied to hold the baby . Fishing tales were laughed about and photos examined .
I really needed a good business manager, a third party who'd do all that distasteful haggling. Toward the end, I had such a creature, a lovely gallery owner who could sell my wares for prices I'd never dreamed possible, but then.... came the change of bank-manager, the taxman's demands, the tripling of the rent........
General Zinni’s Answer – What’s important is how you view the leadership in your organization. If you view the leadership as top down, the leadership is a structure – there is a line and a chain – There are designated bosses. So, leadership in your organization is through that line, through that chain, through those tiers, through those individuals, and comes from the top and goes down to the bottom, which is a common way people think about it. You’re missing the boat.
and you hardly could take more of the load, it is best to just end it
Finally, the finicky shopper said in annoyance,
As I said, I was intrigued from the beginning, and I highly enjoyed the fact that this novel is flipped. While many books today deal with a lone vampire, or lone werewolf, etc., infiltrating the human world, Fukuda’s brilliant novel does the opposite. Gene, a lone human, is infiltrating the vampire world. With virtually no humans left, Gene is on his own—his entire family was wiped out by vampires. But Gene knows how to stay under the radar; his father taught him well before being infected, and Gene has survived for a very long time. However, all that begins to change when he is chosen to hunt the last of the humans for sport.
Third rose…
Roxanne - Diamond White Size 6
The government has sought a review as well as complete recall of the order in which it has also been pulled up for the “laggardly pace” in investigations into the issue of black money stashed abroad.
2. My nails are painted black. But usually they are bare.
and you’re thankful.
His comments are what the Vampire Diet is not. Those kind of self-righteous pronouncements are exactly what is wrong with the world of healing obesity. Instead of focusing on what thou-shalt-eat and what thou-shalt-not-eat why not focus on the benefits of getting healthy and have a little tongue-in-cheek fun along the way? Instead of pronouncements, let’s just get dressed up and Halloween our way to something better. Isn’t it more fun to pretend to find your inner vampire (or pirate, or ninja or whatever you like) than to “diet” or “lose weight”? (That’s a rhetorical question, by the way). The dieting-advice world needs to lighten up…and not in the low-fat or weight reduction sense of the phrase. I’m talking about getting over ourselves, and enjoy life. If you take the fear and anger out of living, all you have left is happiness and contentment. Ditto for dieting.
And sometimes that hurts.
The laser functions as a concentrated beam of light energy: similar to focusing the sun’s rays with a magnifying glass. The laser beam itself is hot and acts on moist tissue by evaporating water contained in tissue. Therefore, it is useful in removing warts, moles and skin lesions (not bone ). The laser also can be used to remove fungal nails permanently.
I wear scrubs to school so I don't really need nice clothing to wear on a daily basis .. most of the time when I get home I practically jump into my pajama pants right away .. they are just so comfy.
“You are writing on your board too loudly and disturbing my students!” she snarled. The new teacher cocked her head to the side and apologized. Ms. Witch left, slamming the door. The newbie smiled at her shocked students and continued as though nothing had happened, but inwardly, she was hatching an amusing plan. Her mama had schooled her in graciousness, but her daddy had taught her to fight.
"Dutch-process cocoa, bittersweet chocolate, Hungarian lavender & a touch of vanilla.
Here, in my ever-sledding mind!
"A man thought virtuous may also be a man of vice."
This week I focused on scaling back my portion sizes and staying away from carbs at night. I eat pretty much the same thing for breakfast and lunch everyday. Kashi cereal for breakfast to get my carbs in early and grilled chicken and fruit salad. No carbs for lunch is really easy for me, but not as easy at night, because Justin is usually eating with me! We plan our meals for the week on Sunday, so I'm going to start being a lot more specific about cutting out our night carbs! Coudln't hurt either of us!=)
I have been having a hard time breathing for several weeks now. In May my allergies started up and it has progressed and moved into my chest. I used to have asthma when we lived in PA. I haven't had trouble since living here in TN.
The defense reform bills had been pending in parliament for 11 months mainly due to fierce opposition from opposition parties over their possible destabilizing effects.
I was going to title this just “Music”, but then while typing it out, something fancy typed itself out. Woohaa!
G. Heilman Brewery.
Jesus, so that we had but to act out ourselves to act out perfect holiness.
The answer would appear to be obvious given that:
Some Games & Information applications in the cricket updates live of plant material. They are popularly used as a source for you. Variety of cricket toons, especially when there is long history of cricket is much longer than the latest cricket updates. They have large jumping hind legs. The ovipositor of a female field cricket may be happening in the cricket updates live and India or the live cricket updates a series is about to start. For instance, a tournament takes place, fans always find some or the cricket updates live of applications you can enable again at a later time at no additional cost to access and browse the live cricket updates. At the time watch the cricket updates live and if the latest cricket updates is doing. Fans just need to do something new for the game resumes.
But that was in the Middle Ages.
“8 – There is no need for repentance because the substitute has been made and the Father sees all men as righteous.”
Nowadays, with people clamoring for “diversity” and “unhealthy body images,” all I see are the same boring faces and bodies day after day. Where’s the beauty in that? Fashion is all about fantasy; a world where everyone’s ethereally beautiful and skinny, wearing clothes that make angels cry. It is not for everyone. And why would everyone even want to meddle with fashion? As Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach said, “So soon as a fashion is universal, it is out of date.” Some people just don’t get it.
as i’ve been reading & researching and watching & listening to tutorials on photography and business, i’ve noticed that my confidence and hunger grows. i drink up every piece of information i can get my hands on. would you call me an addict? probably. because i seriously can’t get enough of it. my vision and goals have become fine-tuned and focused as i slowly determine the type of photography–and business–i want to be about. and i absolutely love it.
And now only one thing left to say; have a wonderful new crafting year 2012! We hope that you'll keep coming back and play with us! We love it when you do!
113. Having a husband whose spontaneity can still surprise me.
Now I have on many occasions had a bowl of hot banana pudding, some with mile-high meringue, some with dollops of whipped cream or off-the-charts ice creams and even one with a caramel bourbon sauce. Let me be clear when I say, I don't like hot banana pudding no matter how much you fancy it up.
He took his parents’ bodies over to Sam’s house for help. I must say, it’s not the best circumstance, but I was glad to see Sam and Tommy being brotherly. I was worried Sam would send him away, but he didn’t. Yay, progress! While driving somewhere to dump the bodies, Sam got pulled over by Andy Bellefleur. Sam told Tommy to get in the back, where he grabbed a shovel and prepared to kill Andy if he opened the van. Andy saw blood on the van door and asked Sam to open the back. Obviously, I was expecting Andy to get attacked by a shovel, but instead Tommy shifted into a gator and scared Andy off.
I rewind to every moment I had to fight to nullify a dead end conversation in which every Spanish person is responsible for the fact that “real union workers can’t keep work.”
Waste Reduction Benefits
if I had been Merlin
Young men on the watch Just like in town, entire parades of shops had closed. Women and children were nowhere to be seen on what should have been the busiest day of the week.
The SMK4061 stereo mic kit has been designed for live and recording applications, specifically for acoustic piano. Along with the two hand-selected 4061 mics come a variety of accessories for mounting, including both magnetic and adhesive mounts and a pair of boundary-layer mounts that allow for a range of nearly invisible mounting options. Lid up or closed, these mics capture the instrument with musical accuracy and detail.
Fed up with my blooming bluebells,( the replacements are in the ground by the way and not looking happy. At all) I turned as I often to do to food. Lovely sunny day food.
chugging upon the spine,
He offers to help, like thread stuff on to skewers and stuff, but god it takes an awful lot of time, Ro being the perfectionist he is, and asks at least 10 different questions on how to do it. Did I tell you I have no patience to answer to people when I'm in the midst of something? Well, my husband of 6 yrs doesn't get it and keeps asking me 'does the tomato have to always go in first? Why are we threading it, cant we just pile it all in a bowl and serve, its going into peoples mouths, no one cares. To avoid all this nonsense, I don't ask him to help with preps. Trust me, its a smart move, because over involved husbands are a pain to deal with, I've seen some and I don't want to encourage it. So the rule in our household is..if you need help, ask for it.
Focus on holistic approach for improving quality of life for the suffering child and his or her family
The face of Ego was changed considerably on the published Thor cover, perhaps by John Romita, although I'm not certain. Stan must have felt that Ego's face looked too normal and wanted a more otherwordly look. I was comparing these covers with my brother John, who felt the published Thor cover looked better than the Marvel Spectacular stat. I believe minor alterations may have worked better, perhaps deleting the beard. I do like the way Kirby drew the eyes.
All in all, the new Dandy has got a great feel to it, and really reminded me of classic 70's title Krazy comic with it mad-cap and supposedly 'anarchic' feel. The best thing of all though was that it's wall-to-wall strips, every page, not a single advert inside which in this day and age is brilliant.
As you can see, there is nothing particularly carnivorous about this dish and with all those great cheeses in each roll-up, a meat-free version might taste even better! As per usual, I had the leftovers today which is what makes this a WIAW post.
Oh, fakeout- this isn't the actual post, kids. You'll get that later today after work.
The Cognate Highlighter – This is FREE resource produced by The Cognate Project. You just copy and paste English text in the window and those cognates understandable to Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, and French speakers will be automatically highlighted. Interestingly, hundreds of proper names (popular brands worldwide included) will also be highlighted. THIS IS PRETTY COOL! (Site indicates it works best with the browser Google Chrome)
Brooklyn girl, a lifetime back East spent on concrete and under immense dusty old-growth trees, or in the rumination of pine-dark, cold mountainscapes, could feel so right, here: the strange heat, the scrubby thirsty land remind me of my own bones, my foundation; and the vast sky, alive with clouds, releases the bonds of gravity. Looking up I am convinced I could fly!
I feel like my passion is gone. And it's no fun to be doing stuff you aren't passionate about anymore.
Like many hip-hop and alternative music fans of my generation, the Beastie Boys (along with Def Jam stablemates Run DMC, Public Enemy and LL Cool J) introduced me to an exciting new dawn of hip-hop in the mid to late 80′s. My teenage years were filled with the Beasties and their wild, joyous approach to the genre. And unlike nearly all of their contemporaries they’ve stayed consistant and relevant ever since.
She has not reached the epiphany of having to make her bed and plays the "I baby" card, when we all know very well that if you call her a baby she protests with a "I not baby, I big girl!" and is more than capable to pulling her blanket up and putting her pillows in the correct spot to make her bed. Girls... they know how to get what they want.
1 cloak
For I’d rather be thy child
-Liqueur is cheaper than beer. Bring on the Firefly! Personally, I think the South needs to catch on to this :)
The cases involves six people, including IRA men and a Catholic teenager, who were shot dead by security forces around Lurgan and Armagh in 1982 amid claims there was a deliberate intention to kill them. The coroner will also examine the deaths of three Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) officers in a bomb blast weeks earlier, an attack allegedly carried out by the IRA men who were subsequently gunned down and therefore seen as a potential motivation for the claimed shoot-to-kill policy.
Your Dad
Victoria Rose and the Big Bad Noise - Victoria loves her home and family, but boy does she hate the noises that invade her daily life. Her imagination transforms the blender into a growling bear, the vacuum cleaner into a lion and the lawnmower into a spaceship filled with monsters. With the help of a CD player, she decides that maybe a nasty noise like the blender is just music that doesn't know how to sing. This sweet bedtime story can help young children learn that household noises aren't so scary after all. For ages 3 and up.
October 1979/December 1980
Here is one of my darling soldered bee designs. I just love the touch of bling soldered on the wings. And if you want to learn to do that, I have a video you can purchase on my sidebar!
"Rub your nose." Cassandra sighed.
I have struggled today getting tickets as karla didnt think she would get through to the finals so didnt get any in advance. But i succeded in getting 4 so my mum and dad will be able to see their beautiful granddaughter dance.
204. Coffee!
My goal is set an example for others to follow that will inspire people to have vision, purpose and faith. I want to encourage people to take action toward their own personal goals through cultivating a habit of gratitude.
I calmed him down and told him that sometimes arseholes begin at the top of the head and continue to their heels.
Not with my lovely hood of black
Jack shrugged. "If you insist on putting it that way. But not everybody will get to."
Do you know it's just occurred to me that, apart from the stamp which is only about 6 mths old, everything on this card is at least two years old (if not older) I'm such a bad hoarder!!
2-3 sticks celery (you can also use the green tops)
Psalm 147:1-12
10. Could all this just be an accident?
Stamps: Bright blossoms, fabulous phrases
“License and registration,” said the officer as he aimed his flashlight from above the obedient driver’s head.
It tells the story of a heroic, though roguish, French army officer during the Napoleonic war with England. He gets captured and is sent to a POW prison in Scotland where me meets and falls in love with a local gal, played by Friel. All sorts of complications conspire to keep them apart but in the end love triumphs. It's very well done and it never takes itself too seriously, which is a problem usually with adaptions of Robert Louis Stevenson's novels.
Phone 312 226 8984
I have noticed that in my area, just about no one dresses the way that I do. And this is New York City! We are supposed to be so diverse, have so many different cultures, and tons of style! But yet it is ever so difficult for me to even remotely see anyone with something even close to resembling my style. I do like being an individual, yes, but to know there are a few others sprinkled out there would be nice too! When I was at Viva, almost everyone was from California, especially south, like near LA. I know the proximity of LA is close to Vegas, with it only being about four hours or so away. I used to live in Vegas for two years, so I am very familiar with the area. But also, most of the vintage and rockabilly scene is in southern California. I have even considered applying for jobs there, because that is more of my scene!
But we’ll have to just wait and see till 20th July, coz thats when “The Dark Knight Rises’ hit theaters.
had a definition, but this,
To the American elites, than, the well being of children comes second to that of the perverted adults and their "rights" and what comes even further down the line, is national sovereignty, something the Americans are incapable of recognizing or giving a damn about.
“The ways by which you may get money almost without exception lead downward. To have done anything by which you earned money merely is to have been truly idle or worse. If the laborer gets no more than the wages which his employer pays him, he is cheated, he cheats himself.” – Henry David Thoreau
And you weren't under a bush: you were running straight down the sidewalk towards me: menacingly, with an air of malevolence and guilt. Or potential guilt. Maybe you hadn't committed a crime yet, but you sure could have.
Gregory: Indeed Romney needs to answer
"we are definitely never doing this again!" was definitely spoken multiple times.
You cannot make it All Right!
I decided after my last post, that this week would be summer foods week. I can’t help myself. Plus…it’s going to be 80 degrees here today! Huzzah! So for you today, my fresh salsa recipe. Interesting fact: Did you know that Pico De Gallo translates to “Roosters Beak”? People used to eat Pico De Gallo with their thumb and forefinger, “pecking” at it like a rooster.
~Have fun and enjoy!
you leave me comment.
Once all of the elements ready, resemble them together just like the picture shown, any ways you like.
Reddin
This weekend I was invited to help with a fundraiser for a dance school in our area. One of the ballet moms had a brilliant idea to paint pointe shoes and sell them at the school's next performance.
- A teaspoon of saffron (crushed to a fine powder)
in a sudden ferally-ripened pink slish plush.
“There’s no ambiguity—the trend has become so clear,” said Cheng Li, an expert on Chinese elite politics at the Brookings Institution in Washington. “Princelings were never popular, but now they’ve become so politically powerful, there’s some serious concern about the legitimacy of the ‘Red Nobility.’ The Chinese public is particularly resentful about the princelings’ control of both political power and economic wealth.”
I really admired, how many strong feelings the book evoked and how real and plausible the story felt. It is a true tragedy and should not be read if you feel bad. The book made me feel sad, angry, desperate and, if not often, relieved. I really love this book, though I can’t say that I enjoyed reading it.
We did combine this week in the Loire Valley with a week in Normandy. I hope you enjoyed my reliving our trip. I think I feel better now.
About a month ago, I boarded a plane in Baltimore in the morning. A few hours later, Joe and the boys picked me up at the airport in Wichita, driving Clifford the big red truck, trailer in tow. It was fun to watch my entire household approach, stopping at the end of the arrivals area just long enough for me to throw my suitcase in the back and swing up into the truck cab. We drove east, expecting to get (back) to Maryland in about two weeks. Long enough for a leisurely pace, maybe even with a few days in a couple of nice parks.
MGM Records SE 4381
I really don’t want to deal with politics, but again I have to speak my mind. This time about the infamous poem of Gunter Grass, apparently most known for being a German intellectual and a former member of a Waffen Panzer division. And now also for confusing Israel and Iran (at least it seems like that for me).
I've also been messing around with HST's and here's some of the layouts I discovered so far:
Oooh, man, I can recall it like it was yesterday, how big Ben E. King's classic hit was amongst us eighth-graders when this movie came out. I had a father who played old-school soul all the time, so I may have been a bit more familiar with this song than my classmates, but still, we all loved this song so much. We liked the movie, of course,
On top of it, I chose a background for my photos that collected far too much lint. Not sure it’s worth photoshopping it out, but not sure how keen I am to re-shoot.
to impress the rest,
Now we will watch and see how "The Idiot" in the White House will react. He knows what this guy was doing there. Bet he doesn't get on the TV and say, This fellow was attempting to use Pakistan people and paying them next to nothing to make garments to import into the U.S. I bet he doesn't say, I have been aware of this and encouraged our U.S. based companies to ravish Pakistan and use the people there basically as slaves.
Of course there is no reason that you have to portray beer drinkers as bogans to sell beer, Corona and Peroni prove that. But let’s look at it this way, you are the marketing manager of XXXX Gold, already everyone thinks your beer is for fat, blue/grey collar workers who are down to earth, sociable and love watching or playing sport with mates. This group lives the good life and loves recreational and social sports like fishing and cricket. Also keep in mind that on about day 2 of your uni marketing course you have been taught that it is close to impossible to change market perceptions. So the smart marketer plays up to the stereotype, takes the path of least resistance and sells beer to the people who drink a lot of beer.
Reply to:
In the late summer, I was able to live wildly from whatever the land had to offer: wild greens, berries of all kinds, wild apples, and the most delicious mushrooms. The mushrooms, that was something new for me. Guided by a good friend we went mushroom ‘hunting’. Yes, hunting that is. Everyone who ever picked mushrooms in the wild, will agree: it is something quite different. They seem to hide sometimes, or it happens that you look at a spot where you where fruitlessly passing only five minutes ago, and it turns out that all of a sudden it’s loaded with mushrooms. “Actually, the best way to look for mushrooms, is having a beer first” I heard, “as it slows you down, and fogs your mind just the tiny bit you need in order to be able to find them”. Haven’t tried the beer yet, but barefooted, I found one mushroom after another, and another, and…
im prolly never gonnah get that drunk ever again in my life
Two American Airlines aircraft were hijacked and crashed during the September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack: Flight 77 (a Boeing 757) and Flight 11 (a Boeing 767).
Ring-a-Ring-a-Rosie – Karen
And a huge thank you to DT Jacque, who will be leaving our team. She's a lovely stamper and a beautiful person, and I'm sad to see her leave the team. Thanks a lot, Jacque, and all the best to you. Lots of hugs!
The latter precaution may prevent kids from walking home alone or entering a vehicle driven by someone who is unlicensed, unknown to them, or too intoxicated to drive.
It had a really cheap artificial lemon smell, and from the pack above I'm guessing that hasn't changed. And we used to have a thick, heavy dishcloth that never got washed or replaced (our house was superficially spotless but some of the detail was well dodgy). This dishcloth was used to wipe down surfaces and clean plates, and after the cleaning was done it was never hung over the tap to dry out; it was just left in a bundle in the bottom of the bowl. And so it acquired a kind of damp smell, but the artificial lemon aroma was so powerful it override the damp smell, and the smell of grease.
“The worst part of being in a gang,” he said, “is every night when you go to bed, you see the faces of the people you hurt, and your friends that got killed. That’s the hardest part, the nightmares.”
- Watching a thirsty bird, drinking from the water pot I kept outside on the wall. Now I will daily refill it.
Theater in Asheville
Pope Benedict XVI discussed this on 1st January 2009 in his Homily in which he referred to his Message for the World Day of Peace entitled: "Fighting poverty to build peace"
Steven: Well, it’s for all of you.
Get into the habit of thinking about hurtful conversations you’ve had and coming up with things you wish you’d said, or clever comebacks that might’ve ended things right then and there. It’ll give you that fire and motivation to speak up more authoritatively next time around.
Jessica Chastain as the mother certainly helps redress this Iron John blood poisoning. She reminds me of a girl I wronged, adding all sorts of psilocybic resonance to her wounded dove close-ups, which are so well shot that you can see the 'signature' stamps of alien DNA in her Celtic pale skin, that fair-haired mossy coastline fairness that if you look closely reveals blue webs of capillaries just below the translucent skin, flushing with blood when hot emotions come across her face.
And if you desire to be excellent, you will have to do things without fanfare or complaint.
Hunger is number one on the list of the world’s top 10 health risks. It kills more people every year than AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis combined. (Source: UNAIDS global report, 2010; WHO World Hunger and Poverty Statistics, 2011).
The plans to drill, backed largely by Shell South Africa, would be done in the semi-desert region, the Karoo. This quiet and majestic location is also one of the driest parts of the country, and if anything threatens the water supply system the entire community could be at a very serious risk.
Father never take Your eyes off me this year to Your Glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
· juice of 1 lemons
The only way to bring him over,
1 philosophia
Hello dear followers,
The lovely sketch this week is from Lynn :
"When the subject of "teenage rebellion" comes up now, my mother is fond of saying "why would you rebel, since there wasn't really anything to rebel against?"
The Crush – I haven’t seen this one but from the plot descriptions it seems to be another mirror image of most of the films above. Adrienne, a 14 year old girl develops a ‘crush’ and things spiral out of control with attempted murder and flase rape claims amongst the dangerous, manipulative behaviour demonstrated. Another disturbing portrayal.
Well , glad that's over and not all in a bad way.
Happy Gingerbread House Making!!!
Fisher Z So long UK
Life is pretty great.
After I graduated from Auburn University I had the opportunity to work at retirement community/nursing home in Birmingham for a couple of years. That community is still one of my favorite places on earth. It was an unexpected grace that I was able to have this time with those loving co-workers and residents.
apple around in it......
To Get Off
We had another great week of school last week. Since the week got busier with the start of Co-Op and a few field trips, we did have to do a few things over the weekend. However, that’s the flexibility of home schooling.
Here is what I do know and will never forget!
eating far far far too much. (Stress eating?)
So what about joy? What does it mean to be joyous or joyful? I have a friend named Joy, and when I hear passages in the Bible that talk about Joy, I cannot help but smile. It helps that she is one of the loveliest people I have ever known, and so being a friend of hers really does bring a sense of Joy to people’s lives. I should probably tell her that sometime, but there isn’t really a non-cheesy way to do it! The reason she makes me think of Joy is because she has this inner happiness that goes beyond the beautiful smile she has. She is generally a happy person, but the joy is deeper than that. Even when she is sad, there is an inner optimism that gets her through. She has this ability to draw on an inner strength that can only possibly come from the Spirit of God living within her. Some of it may just be a personality thing I guess, but the way she speaks of God makes it perfectly clear that she truly feels the joy that we can get from being a Christian. This joy is something that I think every Christian can experience, but not something that everyone does. It is easy to get so caught up in the discipline and busyness of a Christian life that we forget about the joy that it can bring. As a person who has battled with depression for a number of years I know how difficult it can be to feel joy. I know that sometimes we can feel a darkness, a sorrow, a sadness deep within that seems impenetrable. Sometimes nothing in life can break through that. Sometimes the love of God and of people around us doesn’t break through that. Its not something that can be easily beaten, and I should know, but I also know that even in the depths of despair, there is a small glimmer of joy that can burst through. I find it sometimes when I read the words of a psalm or sing a rousing hymn, I find it when I stand at the top of a hill or the tower in the cathedral on a sunny day, I find it when I see a cute little baby giggle. I see beauty and awesomeness and I feel joy. And I know that you can too. If you are a person who tends to feel joy often, I encourage you to share it! Give it to those of us who don’t! And if you’re the sort of person who doesn’t feel it so often, search for it, because I know that you can and will find it.
Or maybe if her blitz is on she’s left two or three receivers – or friends – open. In that case max protection means you call in your fullback and tight end because those lugs need a reward for having your back. Or you could just have a three- or foursome. That’s why we have audibles: flexibility means options, and options mean two girls – one of them very lonely and clearly in need of company, or else what’s she doing with you and your girl on Valentine’s Day? – attacking you without mercy.
While I wasn't impressed with the drinks, the bartender was nice enough and enthusiastically brought out several different rhum agricoles for Matt to try after he commented on his drink. I like the island bar set up and the fact that place stays open until 6am. The prices are a bit steep for such below par drinks at somewhere in the neighborhood of 10 - 12 Euros. But overall, I enjoyed the somewhat seedy feel of the place. I'll not be returning for cocktails, but it's an interesting stop for something easy like a beer or coffee.
Sigh. I remember the days when I documented every smile. Now, they're all elbows and bony legs and pants getting to be high-waters after no time at all.
This post has been sitting in my drafts for about a month now since I have been too busy to finish writing it. I guess that title is appropriate.
SNOOPY HAT! I was in Cooperstown the other day and, well, you can buy nearly any baseball cap imaginable there! The only one I wanted, and I browsed happily over hundreds, was an awesome fitted grey and striped cap from the 1919 White Sox....size HUGE, not my size (I had the cap but lost it 20 years ago, I still have the 1919 White Sox jersey...its badass...should show it to you sometime...you will also recall I had lived in Chicago many years with the wife and around the time the movie 8 MEN OUT came around, there was good gear in that logo)
I love all of you. Thank you for your support!
Take care all and thanks for dropping by.
She told me she’d caught the tram on her own and was approached by a group of dark-skinned males.
Brushing up against your ankles
I said many months ago that the Eurozone would have to release Greece in order to ensure stability.
English Beat
Paris je t'aime is an ambitious anthology film that compiles 18 short films by a multinational group of directors, each of them focused on Paris from many different angles. As is the nature with films like this, it's an uneven affair, packed with some bright spots, some total failures and a heaping portion of mediocre fare that passes by without leaving much of an impression one way or another. Perhaps even more than most other portmanteau films, this one suffers from the schizophrenic leaps from one short to the next, because there are just so damn many of them and as a result no director gets more than a few minutes to tell a simple story. Many of the best segments here work within those limitations, realizing that the best way to make something satisfying in such a short time is simply to craft a well-acted, cleverly written dialogue scene that stands alone, suggesting a larger untold story between the lines. A few directors attempt something more ambitious and a few take more experimental approaches, but most of the best work found here presents a self-contained, intimate single scene.
On the face of it, these events were all quite different. The first was about the dinosaur in the middle of the room (which we all hoped was in no way symbolic), the meeting up with friends and fellow authors, and the trying (and utterly failing) to say ‘no thank you,’ when asked if I would like my champagne glass topping up.
C)Delivery issues of baby.
C. Thomas Howell reprises his role as Jim Halsey some 15 years after the events of the previous film, now a police officer and small-plane pilot. After a charge of excessive force is put against him, he loses his job, the result of the emotional damage suffered at the hands of THE HITCHER.
The week’s experiences drove home the differences between my two visits to Paris, the changes in my life between then and now. Here too, Fitzgerald’s words neatly reflect my own thoughts, albeit in far better prose: “Life, ten years ago, was a largely personal matter. I must hold in balance the sense of the futility of effort and the sense of the necessity to struggle; the conviction of the inevitability of failure and still the determination to ‘succeed’—and, more than these, the contradiction between the dead hand of the past and the high intentions of the future.”
Chuck said, "Just the guy who won. I gave him his money back."
It's your turn! Post your Good News, things you'd like to Brag about, and whatever is the latest BUZZ right here.... it's a linking party :o) Don't forget to join in this sweet challenge, too!
John Giuffrida, Milt Hinton (b)
Anyway, I took a songtheuw to a breakfast place. After finishing breakfast I took another songtheuw to a stop not far from the spot on the map I had that identified a bus station for transportation to Rayong. After walking in the heat for some time I soon realized that there was no bus station at the location corresponding to that on the map. So with a certain amount of good grace I took another songtheuw to the bus station that I departed to Chiang Mai a week or so ago. I reasoned, a bus station is a bus station and someone there would know where the Rayong bus departed from. As I speak virtually no Thai and the bus station ticket people very little english there was a lot of gesticulations and I was sent across the road to another bus station on that side that sent me back to where I had started. So exhausted, hot and covered with sweat, I decided to buy a bottle of water to quench my thirst, call the trip a failure and return home since it had been about two hours since I had left my apt. and I had still not gotten out of Pattaya. So I sat on the curb beside the road to drink my water before returning home and while sitting there a bus pulled up and the conductor jumped out and said Rayong?. I jumped up pleased at my good fortune and Rayong? Koh Samet? so that he knew my ultimate destination. Yes, Yes, Rayong the responded and ushered me on to the bus and collected $1.50 for the ticket. The ride to Rayong took 2 and 1/2 hours. Instead of napping I stared out of the window the entire trip in anxiety that I may miss my stop or something. My nervousness was not helped by my seat mate an overly large Thai soldier in his jungle fatigues who was probably returning home but that did not make me feel any better. We arrived in due course at the Rayong bus terminal. I got off the bus and started asking for “Koh Samet” and the gesticulating began again. I followed the pointing that led me out of the terminal and hope began to ebb again. At the curb was a songtheuw and an old man pointing me into is with the magic words, “Koh Samet”. I was not home free yet because I still had to find the ferry terminal when I reached the shore. Upon arriving at the shore we drove along it for a while until I spotted a sign “Koh Samet Information that looked familiar. It was the ferry terminal. I left the songtheuw , paid 2.50 for the ferry ride and was escorted to a small wooden top heave, overloaded ferryboat standing a short way off the wharf. to get on to the ferry I had to climb onto the roof of another ferry tied to the wharf, climb part way down the other side and then leap about two of so feet onto the very overloaded ferry, no mead feat for a 70-year-old man. But leap I did and was caught by a large australian man. Who said “ere you go mate’, you aright mate’ and a lot of mate this and mate that. Actually act it sounded more like might this and might that, or it could have been mite which is what I felt light. Anyway I was thankful for the might of these mates for safety of this mite. I cannot believe I just wrote that. I shall sleep sounder this evening for that,
For the whole month of November I think I reminded my husband EVERY single day that it was our anniversary on the 30th. Not that I thought he would forget, I was just SO excited that it was finally coming. It's amazing to me that it has already been one whole year since I married that man. The time flew by, but I guess that's how it goes when you're in the military. You learn ways to cherish every day that they are home, and make the time fly by when they are not.
1/2 cup whipping cream
I hosted my 2nd cookie exchange for 10 of my close friends. We each had to make 6 dozen cookies. I am always nervous to try out new cookie recipes for occasions like this so I stuck to a cookie that's always been a hit, I made the Cranberry Pistachio Mexican Wedding Cake Cookie.
When you welcome a dog into your home, you're not simply gaining a pet, but a new state of mind.
Chills splinter fast,
Green deliveries is not exactly a new thing anymore – sandwiches, markets now can be deliveried by bike, which is great. But Soupcycle comes also with a nice proposition to you: became a soupetarian! With 3 types of soup – vegan, veggie and meaty – you can choose their next’s week soup, some sides (bread, salads…) and order it.
Please don't talk down to Jacqueline when you speak with her. Your eyes may see only a young child, but I see a person who is interesting and knowledgeable in many areas. If you give her half a chance you may learn something that you didn't know before you met her.
Now off case, judge weighs in on dams
So I have some big ideas coming up (time permitting of course) as well as a new giveaway as soon as I hit good old 125!!! So excited for that!
Anyway, we'll see.
Well, the Canadian National Post has a stab at offering something different, noting that the problem is that ordinary Afghan villagers subscribe to local codes of politics and morality that are profoundly alien and offensive to Western ways.
When we follow the temptations of Satan, we limit our choices.
'Holiday Romance' charm bracelet. Holiday inspired charms: tibetan silver double-sided Eiffel Tower, enamel lips, silver-plated puff heart, 'love' word, 'love' word in heart and I HEART NY! 2 of these bracelets available... quick! Closes with a summery flower toggle clasp. Silver-plated findings and components.
That sort of thing only happened when Derrek thought of memories. Dreams were decidedly false so when he thought back to them they seemed just as ‘real’ as when they ‘occurred’. He pushed the thought the back of his mind and let his mind fall to the simple task of walking.
Take a deep breath and click "play."
Since then, I have downloaded this wonderful writing tool called Scrivener, and may I say... I'm in writing heaven. I have tested the Scrivener beta version for Windows before, but since I was always tempted by the Mac and could see from the Windows version how good it could be if I did have the Mac version, I just couldn't stop myself and went ahead and bought a Macbook Pro 13".
My annual trip to Texas is a touchstone for me. I reconnect to my Texas roots -- family and friends, tastes and twang. Roses are different in Texas; I can't help wonder if I am, too. A couple of years ago, I wrote about the many ways that “you can’t go home again,” and that remains true. Still, we try, and every visit is devoted to doing as many of the old things and visiting as many of the old places as possible.
Is there an innate problem with women leading churches? I don’t believe so. There is, however, a big gap between what blokes can need socially and what the church we see around us is able to offer them. Generally, there isn’t much overlap there at all.
Jamaican Black Stripe (as interpreted)
Judy Garland could belt. Billie Holiday had great phrasing on those jazz ballads. Rosemary Clooney and Ella Fitzgerald enunciated perfectly and were elegant interpreters of jazz and the American songbook…but you wouldn't hand them rockabilly, rock or C&W or even gospel. Julie London was fine for intimate vocals and had sexy album covers…but guess what, Patti Page had some very hot album covers, too! And she sang a much wider range than Julie London could.
Any good advice? Please share!
I don’t think they are enforceable and I do think we’ll have to completely rethink our concept of copyright. The key thing is that copyright was invented to incentivise the creation of art. As far as I’m concerned, that is it’s only legitimate function and I’m against any law that serves or comes to serve any other goal.
On Sunday afternoons we have a mandatory 'Family Naptime'. All people within the house MUST participate- or risk getting duct taped to the walls.
Which is one of the main reasons why I run-it helps keep me sane. A month or so ago, I took this same photo of me in the bathing suit in the locker room, and I was too horrified to post it. Now, I weigh about 3-5 pounds more and I’m posting it anyway. Is it because I’m growing emotionally? Or because I’m too tired to care anymore about something so superficial? I suspect, it’s a combination of both.
How Democracy with desperate vengeful port strides on, shown through
FRI. 9/26 - MERCY & THE MERKETTES @ CARMINE'S IN SOUTH PASADENA, 9pm - 1am. 424 Fair Oaks Ave. 626-799-2266. R&B, Funk, Motown, Rock, Dance music.
Our blossom-beds they tear to disarray.
I look up at the rusty bridge support and lean back against the concrete wall. If only we could make it out of here.
Well seeing as I've already mentioned the zomedies, I might as well start with them. There's 2 that I've recently seen for the #towatchpile, Zombieland and Fido. So much awesomeness. I'm not gonna review Zombieland beyond saying it was hilarious and awesome and it was really good to see Woody Harrelson doing what he does better than mos. If you want more than that then read one of the MILLIONS of reviews around.
Imagine if Bob Dylan and the Beach Boys were never appreciated, never encouraged to stay focused on their passion
We spent some time trying to figure out the best way to build the coop, and it seems there are a lot of conflicting ideas, so we went with what works for us, to that end we've put the nest box on one side of the coop, the main door on the front and the pop on the opposite side to the nest box.
Salt- 1/4 tsp
This very much relates to a Q&A class I had today with artist Laylah Ali. She was very straightforward in describing the realities of an artist's life -- it's not all gallery shows and exhibitions in France. Most of it is hours spent alone in the studio hunched over a drawing. She actually developed tendonitis from years of doing this, and was able to give us some practical medical advice about what painkillers to use (NOT ibuprofen; it causes kidney disease). As a cellist who has suffered from tendonitis and carpal tunnel, I was grateful for that information -- although I now have to wonder if I will develop kidney cysts later in life. :P
The grog was decent enough, got you to a nice state of mildly pissed reasonably swiftly and wasn’t that expensive compared with the general level of prices thereabouts. I pondered the antipathy towards wine that exists among the beer blogging community and now I am a fully fledged wine appreciator and sophisticate I feel able to comment that such antipathy is ignorance incarnate. Wine is a fine drink to be appreciated and enjoyed. I wholeheartedly recommend necking it from time to time as an occasional alternative to the lout and generally noting that it makes you a well rounded sophisticate like what I am.
I put my hand in my father's glove
20. “If work were so pleasant, the rich would keep it for themselves.” -Mark Twain
Genocide-by-assimilation, the blending out of an identifiable group – a race; annihilation by “assimilation”. This is happening to my people, White People, in White countries and ONLY White countries.
My wife asked a friend (who has 7 children of her own) how she gets it all done. The friend replied, “I don’t”. How great is that?
The point may be that it is pointless to do so. Because things come and go. Feelings fade, people move on, people change. So if you run to another prison cell after escaping from one, if that’s your sense of freedom and comfort, if that prison cell is where you think your heart belongs, then go. Run.
Tim Holtz is doing his 12 tags of Christmas again, and wow...
Now you should know that the Malay has Malay ghosts and the Chinese has their own ghosts and so does the Indian la. Never would a Chinese ghost be the dominant ghost in a Malay horror movie and vice versa. But in this movie I saw ghosts that were neither Malay nor Chinese nor Indian. So I assumed this ghost must be either a Chindian (Chinese inter marry Indian) or a Chinlay (Chinese inter marry a Malay) or any other combinations we could think of.Well what can I say in the bolehland called Malaysia. Anything is possible.
Keep your chin up and stick on the ice and you and your team will skate through Christmas 2011 with ease.
But the best laid plans can go awry, even for a president. The weather that evening was freezing and the temporary ballroom had no heat. Guests danced in their hats and overcoats, they ran out of hot chocolate and coffee, and perhaps most tragically, most of the decorative caged canaries (which were supposed to be happily chirping) froze!
All of my Passion
Ummm not materialist I said? Well, I saw this photo of a 1980 Lotus Esprit once and never forgot it.
He also succeeded in appearing to be the only panel member who spoke for the white working class of Britain, using their language and addressing their concerns, while being harassed, harangued and bullied by angry foreigners and white liberals who speak like aliens. As such, to some viewers he may even subliminally represented the plight of modern Britain
1/2 cup corn starch
Tiffany Blue & Brown Paisley.
The driver of the Dodge SUV lost control near Florence Street and Third Avenue and crashed through a home’s yard, according to police.
That was the challenge posted by ARTiculations. At the end of the month they would accept your sketchbook for their Earl Selkirk Gallery space where it would be on view, available for anyone to look through.
The old rules and methods seem to stop working and one of the children starts behaving like a spoiled kid in a toy store.
Mingle with the captivating Eddie Ross and Jaithan Kochar while enjoying wine and
School council president, Arisa, gets introduced as being someone on Shu’s side, although only out of a sense of duty for her position. Stupid school shit happens. Back to Shu’s house.
JS – Given where we are now with Tom Watson MP describing the conviction as “unsound” and the possibility of the Scottish public finally grasping the concept of collusion and equal justice for all, I imagine many of the police and prosecutors wish they’d simply allowed the NotW appeal against the defamation award to go ahead with no ridiculously expensive criminal trial securing only one conviction and causing much embarrassment (especially the house search and comparing a middle-aged mum with rosary beads to terrorists). With the SSP United Left changing their tune and the McNeilage tape, Sheridan’s damages would probably have been reduced to account for the lies about drinking, drug-taking and spanking, without the other sexual stuff.
Due to the BFG's extraordinary way with words, I decided to purchase the book in paperback so that I could see the spelling. This has the added bonus of including the wonderful illustrations by Quentin Blake, whose imagery is so inherently a part of Dahl's works that it would be a sin to pass them by.
Jolly Ranchers 14oz 2/$5.98
At a press conference later, Ambiga expressed shock over the turn of events.
There were 88 letters in total. This compares to just 30 for the original golf course application. Of the 88 letters only 6 supported the application, with 82 letters objecting! A fairly decisive vote by anybodies reckoning!
And conservatives wonder why Democrats are always accusing them of racism and misogyny? I couldn’t make this stuff up if I tried. It’s just another day at NRO when columnist Deroy Murdock criticizes “majority ‘leader’ Harry Reid” for not passing a budget (even the lefties at The Nation never wrote about “U.S. ‘President’ George W. Bush) or when the media blog (“NRO’s MSM Watchdog”) highlights a National Enquirer article asserting that Michelle Obama “brain-stormed the scheme to sic a pit bull strategist on the GOP contender’s wife Ann Romney.” Leaving aside the Enquirer’s apparent difficulty with comma usage . . . come on. The National Enquirer, really? Maybe next week Obama will be playing golf with Bigfoot.
Executive Orders created for national defense and national preparedness are not new in American history, but in each instance they brought about a Constitutional crisis that nearly led standing Presidents to hold dictatorial power over the citizenry. During the Civil War, President Lincoln halted freedom of speech and freedom of the press, while at the same time revoking Habeas Corpus and the right to a fair trial under the sixth amendment. During World War I, when Congress refused to grant Woodrow Wilson extended power over resources to help the war effort, he invoked an Executive Order which allowed him complete control over businesses, industry, transportation, food, and other economic policies.
I've entered the following challenges:
68 been
Facebook about the giveaway 1 bonus entry
….. And events continue….
While we stand under the blessing there are still old habits and the effects of brokenness that affect us. We haven’t yet fully entered into the new life that God calls us into. But this is not because we aren’t 100% blessed right now. We need to become what we already are. And that’s a journey. Our destination is guaranteed but we need to grow up into our new identities.
Had Abraham and Sarah come to terms with their unbelief and sarcasm they would have grown more quickly in their relationship and faith towards God. It is high time we start getting honest with ourselves and honest with God. We spend so much time “acting spiritual”, we actually begin to believe we are someone spiritually deep.
Like the way it’s meant to be
And they are offering fabulous bundle pricing! 4 cupcakes for $10 or 6 for $15.
Meaning? Men are the dominant species, no matter the galaxy, ...and no, I don't mean manKIND; I mean men. Big, fat, swarthy, unwashed men. And whenever they find a planet of women, they must take control of it immediately. In other words - in space, no one can hear Gloria Steinem scream.
In a place the size of Pacific Cliffs, the whole town knows your business almost before you do. --Pg. 14 of an ARC of "Breaking Beautiful" by Jennifer Shaw Wolf
The nurses were cheery during my egg retrieval. They quickly went through some paperwork and got an IV started. The made sure to keep me engaged and talked to me which helped me worry less about the procedure that was about to take place. They gave me some gravol to help with nausea which I appreciated. It would be terrible to start throwing up in the middle of something like this.
My hubby built a cute shed , and a pergola, and we have had the patio done in stones and the driveway too. As you can see, everything is wide open right now, so we are having a fence built for privacy. I can't wait to be fenced in. I worry too much about Cooper , plus I want to create my own little sanctuary :)
And if we want to prevent more needless suffering and death, we must accurately represent them.
This week Beth Engelman (aka Mommy on a Shoestring) and I had the opportunity to tour the stunning designer showcase, Healthy Home 2010. Victoria DiIorio shared some insight into this wonderful project built by Dior Builders along with Cambria, Kohler, Holiday Kitchens, Susan Fredman Design Group, Greenguard and many other fine partners.
Vegan Options: Vegetable Po’ Boy – with Southern Baked Beans and choice of additional cold side dish
And don’t go thinking that the books are just like True Blood. The TV show is fantastic, don’t get me wrong, but they’ve made it into more of a soap opera. It’s a different medium and I think what they’re going with it is great, but the books are fantastic and different. And they so much fun to read; the first few books can be read in no time, so they’re great for the beach. They make me want to move to Louisiana, but that would be such a bad idea for my skin.
see her again in heaven.
The owner is super nice and definitely not a lonely, crazy , old cat lady. For about half the time we shared the room with a family and two other ladies who were all relaxing and laughing at the kittens antics.
Reading Ben's words, I felt my motivation returning. And I realized that Shirley IS still here, still encouraging me and always will be.
Coming October, 2012 - Book 2 Starting Over Series: Return of Joy
Dash of grenadine
I think it was the way all the viewpoints started connecting together, then the way the links got thicker as the story progressed which grabbed my interest the most. I was sitting thinking 'oooooooo' as the book got closer to the end. Yes this is primarily a spy novel. It involves nutters (they are!). It also involves a key figure popular in children's & young adult fiction - angels. This angel isn't sweet - it's extremely scary! I was pretty freaked out by what it did. As for the end - that really blew my mind away. And Jaz's. Poor thing. Her cousin hadn't changed too much by the end of the story - which in some ways was a shame, but not entirely unexpected. As for Jaz - she changed a lot. She had to grow up very fast. Skip the next paragraph if you don't want minor spoilers.
So that’s why I’m working on two new recipes. I have to see which one suits me best, but it could be a few weeks before I know for sure.
What words put you off books?
Everyone got to wear fabulous wet suits.
The purpose of that short caveat being I love the way Poe writes, as he makes it very easy to draw a picture or watch the movie in my mind while I’m reading the story.
Especially if you’re going from scratch, I think this genre is tough so you need to know how to write before you tackle this. Do you have a preferred main genre (i.e. romance, mystery, crime)? Work your monsters in from there and you’ve got a nice hybrid story.
I hope you can click over and watch this video (since I can’t seem to embed it).
71. You can't win if you don't play!! (Can you tell Rich and I have been contemplating our plans if we win the lottery??)
suspended in fragrance
" buy I what I need" goal. I accept the fact that I would never be able to sew all the fabrics I own. So this year I will only buy what I need, notions and linings. This does not mean that I may not buy fabric, I will only buy fabric if it is something I want to sew and none of the fabrics in my collection will do. Then in that case I will give away the same amount of fabric from my stash. For every yard I buy this year I will give away the same amount of yardage from my stash, because I don't have the space to store any more fabrics or patterns. P.S I have not bought any fabric since July 2011.
Chris's intention is to show "the full range of work that a brewer in a small brewery needs to do," and he does that with grace and good humor.
“We are thrilled to, once again, bring the excitement of Fashion’s Night Out and Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week to our viewers,” QVC U.S. CEO Claire Watts said in a canned statement. “With a star-studded list of celebrities and designers as well as access to exclusive behind-the-scenes content, this is one programming event that shoppers won’t want to miss.”
I say this often in posts about corsetry. The boning in your corset has absolutely zilch to do with shaping or lifting. The only purpose of any type of boning or cording is to keep the fabric of your stays or corset taught. Otherwise, without the boning, your fabric would fold and crinkle up on itself when you move around. What gives you shape, and what creates support is the *cut* of your corset. So it’s important to make that distinction and not rely too much on boning to get you the results you want. It’s a supporting role, not the star. The pattern and cut is the star.
26th
This is a significant ontological question and it was the fundamental reason I came here to work with Ayahuasca. I did not expect to have such a direct personal encounter with a vibrant and powerful elemental Being. With that amazing audience and my first dramatic vision of Fear, I got much more than I was prepared for, but that, of course, is a good thing as it gave me a set of full-power experiences to analyze after the fact. In this, I felt very fortunate, as not all first time participants receive this kind of visioning.
Hopped with Warrior and Cascades hops, this beer pours a brilliant earthy-red hue with a foamy eggshell head. The nose is of grapefruit, pine and bit of light caramel malt. Still, Hop-forward though.The taste starts more malty than on the nose. It's fairly sweet with toast and caramel up front. Next comes grapefruit hops with a hint of pine. The finish has a pleasant, slightly dry-herbal/earthy hoppiness. A very good beer, well balanced and tasty.
I have never liked to preach a sermon twice. Unlike people who carefully record and store every sermon, if I have notes I throw them away as soon as I get home. This isn't because I don't think it is right, but because I have found it hard to get excited by an old message.
Skakkamanage
Gibbes stands out among the Drayton women because she sparked such a keen interest in science among her children, McCall said. Her field journal — called a “commonplace book” — shows her observations of nature, though it does not reflect her day-to-day life.
Put broth in a 4 ½ quart pot. Add noodles and bring to a boil. Add onion and carrots. Boil for 15 – 20 minutes or until noodles are slightly tender. Add chicken, beans, herbs, and enough water to cover everything. Continue to cook over medium heat for another 10 – 15 minutes. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve with crackers or biscuits. (I served it with refrigerator biscuits.)
As a frequent traveller on Eurostar I receive promotional email updates from them. Most are dull and formulaic. But not the one I received today. Although sent by Eurostar UK it is aimed at a French audience and includes a link to a website designed to publicise the delights of London.
20th Century Fox Records
Shipping? USPS Flat Rate rocks! Though we’ve known the other for years, opening this store has given us something to bond over and I’ve learned volumes from our postman at the neighborhood branch. He’s become my informant, offering the postal skinny to help me learn the ropes. We chat after I drop off Piper at school, at 8AM when the post office opens and is quiet. He’s also encouraging and never treats me like I have just asked a very dumb question. I appreciate that.
This can sometimes be the main cause for a Ford product not starting after programmig of new keys or Clear/Erase of keys.
- I'm giving up my presidency of my medical science students society
Round 4: Ch 3. *2 dc in nxt dc, dc in next 5 dc. Repeat from * around. (35 dc) Join to top ch of ch 3.
ROM 1:22 Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools,
Indeed, it’s a debate that’s been spreading like wildfire, and recently it made the big time and entered that well-known national ruminations center, the letters page of the Independent. Yes, my family buys the Independent. However, when a topic becomes so big that ordinary lay people like you and me can discuss it, then there need to be some guidelines.
Those words were spoken Sunday night by Jon Huntsman, the former Utah governor and Republican presidential candidate, in a public interview with me at New York’s 92nd Street Y. Huntsman was describing how his comments about the potential appeal of a third party got him disinvited to speak at a Republican National Committee event in Florida.
The plan (as of now) is to have the wedding on June 9th-ish. We'll get married in the backyard under a big oak tree and then move next door to a lovely little one-room school house from the 1800's (now a community center) with a tent and dance floor outside. We'll have appetizers and champagne while mingling and listening to music. Later, we'll do a buffet dinner and watch a slideshow of me and Dave as kids. I adore slideshows! (We may even project it onto the barn in the yard). The only glitch is that if the weather is inclement, we would have to get married in the tent. Which I think would be less scenic. My dad made me promise to have fun regardless of the weather. His fear is that, if it rains, I'll sit there all night crying. (Dad, this is not my 1st-grade birthday party! I promise to roll with the punches.)
Silly, unintentionally matching t-shirts certainly help.
What of my grandfathers, I wonder? One was born in 1901, and the other was of similar vintage. I guess that would have made them a little young for WW1 and in their late 30s to early 40s during WW2. Would they have been exempted from drafts for being farmers? More ignorance: I don't know. What was it like for them, living through those periods? I'll never know. That's how it works, I guess: unless we make the effort to record things or talk with people, after a generation or two, the memories are dead. At best, we're left with a few indelible moments. My paternal grandfather will forever be a white-haired blind man gamely shuffling down the street or feeling his way up a ladder to pick cherries, just as my maternal grandfather will always be a mean son of a bitch pointing a rifle at my father. May the latter grandfather rot in hell.
I love music. It's a huge part of my life. I play guitar, and while it's an instument that a lot of people play, I still love it. I love being able to play an instrument in general. It can be both awesome and slightly frustrating if you're OC much, because while you can be able to play an instrument, you will never be able to really play that instrument. No matter how good you are, there's always something else to learn, some harder song to tackle.
Scannell’s poetry has the humour of the squaddie, trapped in a world he did not create.
The story was good and I will be interested to see the movie; however, I struggled with being able to connect to some of the characters and to understand their motives behind things. I feel there could have been more character development on a personal level but overall I really enjoyed this story.
The other show that seemed to fit was "Xena Warrior Princess". The show seems to share the same campy flare, and though it features a lot a sexy women in tight leather, there is a very interesting story there.
1/2 T minced garlic
In a conference call with journalists, Michael Teal, chief project engineer for the 737 MAX, called the concept “the most advanced wing-tip technology in the single-aisle market.” Whilst this has been touted as a huge development in wing-tip technology, it does have a striking resemblance to the wing-tips found on the MD-11s of yesteryear (shown below). Whilst the aerodynamic design looks a lot slicker, they fundamentally has a rudimentary father in the aviation industry.
‘Hello, Tiny. How are you feeling today?’
WNZ Chief executive Matt Claridge told TV ONE’s Breakfast once children are mobile supervision is key to preventing accidents.
steamed rice to serve
Advantages of Resource planning and scheduling are many. Efficient Resource planning & scheduling leads to development of systems which makes a job easier. It makes the organization more effective by re-alignment of traditional working practices. Resource planning efficiently accomplishes organizational goals and empowers your organization to meet deadlines, in addition to safeguarding profitability.
Mathew 7:21 "Not everyone who says to me, 'Lord, Lord,' will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only he who does the will of my Father who is in heaven. 22 Many will say to me on that day, 'Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name, and in your name drive out demons and perform many miracles?' 23 Then I will tell them plainly, 'I never knew you. Away from me, you evildoers!'
Jenni also has a new job with Special Olympics Project UNIFY to establish a service learning/anti-bullying curriculum in schools around the country. She loves her job and her camp because they give her a chance to advocate for inclusion, get people involved with children and adults with disabilities, and break down stereotypes that prevent us from seeing how much we can learn from people who are –by society’s standards – “handicapped.”
Here and there you could hear spiritual benedictions pronounced by the priests. It was befitting but not really befitting for the Formless in Form.
In other words, I’m getting better.
we took while we were at a Memorial Garden in Santa Barbara..
What more does God say?
Under the draconian terms of police bail, many journalists are barred from speaking to each other. They are treated like threats to national security. And there is no end in sight to their ordeal.
I just wanted to let all my followers know that I have decided to try WordPress for my blog. I have also changed the name of my blog to "It's a Bloggy Life" You can find me at http://itsabloggylife.com/
ANGELA: Yes. But as long as I am able, I am going to help out.
The emphasis should remain on the translation of works in the target language, i.e. the Direct Method. Language should be taught with the strict grammar rules being the basis. “It is certainly puzzling that current textbooks are very innovative with the presentation of culture, the use of authentic and interesting readings, and the inclusion of the most recent technology-based materials, but have lagged behind in their approaches to teaching grammar…” (Fernández 166). By discounting the accuracy of grammar in general, we cannot hope that students will acquire such skills as mood-selection. The acquisition of such skills as mood-selection (indicative vs. subjunctive) is typically only mastered by speakers of a similar language, such as French students learning Spanish (Collentine 42). On the other hand, not knowing the rules will only degrade comprehension in conversation with a native speaker (Day). This is yet one more reason to drill and kill the grammar rules and to shun Eastern languages as they do not have this particular aspect. Nonetheless, grammar is what students of a foreign language need to understand “before they can become successful L2 users” (Fernández 156). It is through the Direct Method, and constant drilling of structures and vocabulary, that students will eventually become comfortable enough to speak the target language in a supportive atmosphere.
WHAT: One of Rock n’ roll’s true legends, Slash, shares his experiences and offers insights from his celebrated and distinguished career at the Guitar Center Sessions: An Evening of Dialogue and Insight with Slash. The evening will also include a book signing for the 2008 Pop-Culture Book of the Year, Reckless Road: Guns N’ Roses and the Making of Appetite for Destruction (Read Deal Media). Slash will also have the two newest additions to his line of Gibson Guitars available to preview: Slash Signature Les Paul Classic Goldtop and a Gibson USA Les Paul Slash Goldtop.
After moving to San Francisco, the band released an album titled Mendocino in 1969. It included their two biggest singles, "She's About a Mover" (which had been a hit back in 1965) and "Mendocino."
The worst thing that could come out of this would be if it led to the State financing of political parties. Already, the large salaries paid to MP's, by the State, ensures that those drawn into it, are largely careerist politicians, who see the joining of a Party as being like catching a bus. They choose which colour bus to catch based on which they think will get them to where they want to go most easily. If these career politicians no longer had to rely at all on having a Party machine behind them, made up of Party activists, who do have some ideological basis for joining a particular Party, then they could separate themselves completely, in order to operate in a world which was indeed one in which politics had become just another commodity to be sold to voters.
Do you think Father Time has an email address? Because if he does, I would send him a thousand of them reminding him that he needs to add more daylight to the day. I went and purchased a light tent since out of necessity for running out of daylight, and I thought it would help with my photography, but now I'm so not used to it that I think I might have hindered my photography...until I get it figured out. I'm having issues with the lights. They are pesky little buggers. Get them too close and then give off shadows. Get them too far and the whole picture is dark. This angle, that angle...One of these days the right combination will come, but please, do share your recommendations on how you set up your tents!
Disclaimer: The way I made my border is not at all how your are supposed to do it. This is the lazy way to do it. If you are like me and are always looking for a shortcut and a way to do things that doesn't require hunting in the garage for the proper tools that you can never find unless your husband is around to direct you on where said tools might be hiding, then you might understand. But I don't recommend my method, because I didn't follow the rules and you probably should stick to the rules.
After the race I had some lovely fresh homemade blueberry pancakes. Any race with those at the end are fine by me!! They also had chocolate chip or banana if you so choose. After the pancakes, I got a free ten minute massage. He worked my neck and shoulders. Excellent.
They explained how they would like to check in with people who may have required medical care or had a structure fire, send cards, send packages and simply be a rock of support for the community—but staffing levels and budget make it difficult to do on a level that is required to be effective. One thing that was clear was both Mr. Guerrero and Mr. Ruddick do not want to come in for a shift and go home when it’s over; they want to invest time in the community to make it a better place for all.
And it wasn't a celebration until the wait staff put a big, green sombrero on my head, sang to me and made me take a shot of tequila!
We have their Distrezz-it-all, Smooch Spritz, Corrugated Board (13x13) in stock now.
by Joe Spiro
While there is no longer no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus - no condemnation – I see the effects of my sin everywhere. I am Jerusalem. In the way I isolate myself from others. In my children’s eyes or quivering chins. In my husband’s silence.
Whisk 1/2 cup water and the yeast together in the bowl of a mixer. Set aside for 5 minutes until yeast dissolves and turns creamy. Pour 3/4 cup warm water into a large measuring cup, add olive oil, and whisk to blend; set aside. Whisk flour and salt together in a large bowl and set aside. Pour water-oil mixture over the yeast and whisk to blend. Add half the flour, and stir with a rubber spatula to mix. Attach dough hook, add remaining flour, and mix on low for 3 minutes or until dough starts to come together. Increase mixer to medium-high and continue to mix for 10 minutes, scraping down hook and sides of bowl as needed, until extremely elastic dough cleans sides of bowl. Transfer dough to a work surface and form into a ball. Place in an oiled bowl, turn it to cover with oil, then cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap. Allow dough to rise until doubled in bulk, 1 to 1 1/2 hours.
Tarkovsky’s beautiful cinematography varies between color and black and white to show Kris’s mental state, his gradual loss of sanity: the past, present, and delusion becoming one continuum. The detail to the set design is magnificent and adds an unused and hebephrenic disorder to the visuals and subtext that creates an absolutely realistic environment. Ironically, Kris willingly becomes a prisoner to the garden of Earthly delights, a Boschian purgatory given substance on Solaris.
But, then, something started happening. Brands started to put more money into digital.
I am so excited to share that I am guest designing all month with Skipping Stones Design as their weekly sketch artist! You all know I love sketches - LOL. and it felt sooo good to get back into the drivers seat and create one for this gorgeous stamp company.
Coming to know means "to place oneself in a conditional relation to something"; to feel oneself conditioned by something and oneself to condition it--it is therefore under all circumstances establishing, denoting, and making-conscious of conditions (not forthcoming entities, things, what is "in-itself").
speaking of mindfucks, I'm going to catch up on misfits. have a brilliant sunday! I think these go well together. winter breakfast and frosty glasgow.
-I thought my pile of trim tape was going to come alive and eat me the other day.
MINNEAPOLIS (February 21, 2012) — This past Saturday, Polaris, in conjunction with the Wounded Warrior Project™ (WWP), gave away three, special, blacked-out RANGER RZR XP 4 900s to WWP Alumni. The “Phantom 4s” were presented to the three winners by representatives from the Wounded Warrior Project and Polaris. Polaris Defense surprised each winner by providing $5,000 worth of gear and accessories to outfit their new vehicles. Polaris also presented Wounded Warrior Project, $33,050 to honor the 1,322 people that entered the contest ($25 for each entrant).
And the best part is, they even ship internationally!
Not too very long ago this sort of thing would not be tolerated on the court, field or ice. Ever. Under any circumstances. Not long ago if you did something as crappy as trying to trick an official into calling a foul, you were as likely to get your butt kicked by a teammate as by an opponent. It was considered unsportsmanlike and beneath whatever sport you were playing. Do you know what happened to gladiators that flopped? Somebody stabbed them — historical fact. You can look it up, although I think I’d prefer if you didn’t.
I’m all for scenes that establish the story through interesting character nuance, but…that isn’t what this is. This is crappy cheap-ass exposition written by people who have no earthly idea about how to write a story. Literally every bit of dialogue in this damn movie is exposition trying to make the dumbass plot more coherent! Where’s the character connection? I guess they just forgot to write that in! Most of these scenes are just window dressing – just backgrounds and people doing arbitrary things in front of them while they rattle off their hideously asinine exposition. Oh, please, explain the story to us some more, writers! Haven’t gotten enough of that yet! That’s truly the way to invest us!
This week, each of us should stop to consider: am I a beacon to others, giving others the courage to set fire to their own beacons, or am I an agent of despair, who fights against hope? Do I fan the flames of hope or do I douse them with my own cynicism?
Basically, he’s a pawn for Heathcliff’s ongoing revenge, and serves only to keep the two households at war.
Using a mixer with a paddle attachment, beat butter and sugar in a large bowl on medium speed about 2 minutes, until light and fluffy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Beat in the egg whites and vanilla, about 1 minute.
yesterday we celebrated a beautiful moment of life... we welcomed a wee little new friend into this world. So happy our friend and her new baby girl are happy as can be. yesterday i got cupcake happy for them and made a few for celebrating this wee baby girl. :) i made a few girly cupcake toppers in about 5 min. and ooh lala... pretty indeed. i don't think you can go wrong with a cute butterfly :) then i realized... they are just too pretty to eat. well, not really. hahaaa. but i took a few photos to share with you. maybe brighten your spirits a wee bit? bring a ray of sunshine your way. without the added calories :)
Thanks for coming past, Melissa.. xx
The Negroni.. Another Gin based classic that Ive grown to love. Best Negroni Ive had was at Death and Company in The East Village in NYC(Shout's out to my main man Jason Littrell and Lane for a great evening of classics).
Jason: 2.5
JTF (just the facts): A two-part show, split between the Bowery and Freemans Alley gallery spaces. The Bowery show consists of 13 large scale color photographs, framed in white and unmatted; a few are hiding in back offices. All of the works are chromogenic prints from 2012, sized either 30x40 (in editions of 3), 48x58 (in editions of 2) or 60x72 (in editions of 1). The Freemans show consists of 15 unique works (framed in white and unmatted): 7 chromogenic photograms and 8 chromogenic prints covered in adhesive, sand and colored pigment. The photograms are each sized 30x40, while the sand images are sized either 20x24, 40x50, 48x58, or 60x72 (or reverse). All of these works are also from 2012. (Installation shots at right.)
* At a BNP meeting in Shrewsbury addressed by Mr Kemp the evening before, just over £900 was raised to fight that seat. The candidate there will be South Shropshire organiser James Whittall.
i cannot wait to buy this! my birthday is saturday and this set will be mine!! BWAHAHAHAHA! mine, all mine!!
I know this is quite long, but I have many thoughts on this issue and don’t get a chance to talk about it often. I enjoy your blog greatly because I feel that my place is at home with my children. I openly reject feminism and homosexuality. I do not identify as a liberal any longer. I believe that white people are silenced in the open discussion of race and I don’t like it one bit. I teach my children the truth about race, and look to God for guidance in all things. I do not openly support mixed-race relationships, but now that I am in one, I have to do the best I can to just be honest and truthful about it.
Both The Druid Network and The Pagan Federation exist because of and for their members. Neither is about hierarchical religion or dogmatic dictat; they’re simply there to help. There are local equivalents – get in touch, make contact, grow that community. If you don’t like it, tell why, instigate change, add your voice to the song.
Today I went shopping for little white pumpkins for a upcoming Better Homes and Gardens Thanksgiving table project. Oma Ford, Senior Deputy Editor of BH&G, asked me to help with the styling of one of their projects for an upcoming Today Show segment. So, tomorrow I head to NYC with my car loaded with Thanksgiving decorations for the set up. The table will air on Thursday.
Something tells me that this isn't the last we'll be hearing about this set. There are likely more cards out there waiting to be discovered.
Of course the trump card here for Usain is that he has performed his best two times under the spotlight of the Olympics and World Championships. Which reminds me of a Maurice Greene quote. When asked how he felt his WR 9.79 compared to the 9.84 record of Donovan Bailey that he took down, Mo said in effect “his came on the big stage”! Because world records set in the Games and Worlds take on a superhuman persona. Those races seem bigger than life. and those that run them become bigger than life. And setting records in both – double records at that – has given Bolt the persona of being bigger than life. But at the end of the day – or perhaps I should say prior to taking to the blocks – he still has to pull his designer uniform over his head just like the other competitors, and lace up his yam colored shoes just as they do.
8. Accounting for Lawyers: Finally, a proper introduction to evil!Jeff, and one that included perfect guest spots from bi-curious Rob Corddry and hand-holed Drew Carey. Jeff reunites with the group a lot but this one, during a pop and lock-a-thon (The Heather Pop and Locklears!), is a favorite of mine. Really though, this episode was all about Abed, Annie, and Troy and the funniest set piece the show has ever done, followed by the show’s most brilliant End Tag.
Entitled WRONG INFORMATION GIVEN, it reads,
Sleeping dogs lie
I didn't actually make cards for this tutorial, but I did make the cuts to show you how the card stands up when it is welded at the top and at the side.
who occupies the ‘negative’ unconditioned space which ethics, insofar as it is bound to the management of second natures (ethos=habit), can only see in terms of ontological error: “The just man serves neither God nor creatures, for he is free, . . . and the closer he is to freedom . . . the more he is freedom itself. Whatever is created, is not free. . . . There is something that transcends the created being of the soul, not in contact with created things . . . not even an angel has it . . . It is akin to the nature of deity, it is one in itself, and has
It was always a series. As soon as the central idea for Witchfinder struck me, I knew that the story was too broad, too rich, for a single book. And as the story developed I realised that I wanted to explore other characters as well. Don’t get me wrong, this is Jake Harker’s story first and foremost. An alternative title could be ‘The Mystery of Jacob Harker’, but there are characters like Adam, Rachel, Simon, Dr Holmwood and the mysterious Pandora (more of her in Book 2, Gallows at Twilight) that I wanted to explore. I’ve also become wrapped up in the internal mythology of Witchfinder. In Gallows we’ll see the world of Witchfinder develop to epic and mythic proportions. So, yes, it was always a trilogy. And, who knows, maybe there is life after Witchfinder for some of these characters.
If you’re skeptical of that, watch this stunning, jaw-dropping video admission of much of this from a top Merck scientist, the “father” of many modern vaccines, who openly admits that vaccines contain hidden cancer viruses:
The fronts of the cards are actual (bat? - BB Cardpedia says no.) wood, laser etched with the player photo, team logo and set logo. The backs have the same photo in real color and a brief blurb about the players exploits. You can tell these came out mid-season, because a few of the write-ups on active players include details about their performances up to mid-May 2002. (CardPedia says July)
Sell above 19 for target of Rs. 18.50-18.15 with stoploss 19.50.
As Hitler said, “How fortunate for governments that the people they administer don’t think.” BINGO! And that is the biggest problem in America. We don’t think! We no longer question! Anyone who does is branded a terrorist or subversive just like in the old Soviet Union. Same story on a different stage!!
4. What kills a book for you?
…on a cloudy day. Well maybe not really- it is cloudy today for the record. However, I do have “my girls” to keep me inspired and excited. I thought I would give you a look at some of my favorite blogs and bloggers. I learn so much from these ladies and really trust their opinion on makeup, accessories and fashion.
CAS-ual Fridays
(And it slowly faded across the deserts!)
Ringo's drums roll us out of the solo and into the bridge a second time. The song ends on pretty much the note it started. We haven't left the dance floor, although the band has stopped to take a bow. Who knows if true love will be found with the 17 year old girl. But when you are on the dance floor, who cares?
Another cocktail I can amuse you with is this bad boy here:
Where Does Multicultural Targeting Fit in a Diverse World?
The most formalist approach I know of to SF is something like Delany's The American Shore, and were I to think of a formalist approach to SF, I'd think of Delany, though I think such a term for his work is pretty reductive. It's formalist, yes, often, but seldom only formalist. How and why depends on what we mean by "formalist" and "formalism".
Click for larger.
Jill Scott
I’m already buckling with laughter, and this is only a short preview! As expected, Kang Ji Hwan gave the title role his all, seeming to enjoy the scraggly look.
It was only this one time – only coz I caught it, right?
I love snack cakes as much as I love Downton Abbey. I'm a bit late to the party and have been watching marathons of the first season. Oh, that Thomas...you are vile. And Bates and Anna? So perfect...if it weren't for that crazy pesky wife. Anyway, Miss Patmore might not make this, but you can make a quick cake any morning.
It's always exciting getting books in the mail. I always eagerly rip through the packaging, quickly finding a comfy (or less-than-comfy if I'm in a particular rush) place to settle down to rifle through the pages if it's a longer book, and simply read straight through if it's a shorter one.
Pop quiz: What’s your favorite cat breed? Stumped? That’s because surveys show that while most people can identify dozens of dog breeds and list their favorites, when asked to name cat breeds those same people respond with an astonished, “Wait. . .cats have breeds?”
Each year – bad back permitting – I try to get away for a week or so on my tod. Due to the creaking spine, it has become increasingly difficult to spend that week on foot. I’m still working on it, but the demands of walking 15 miles a day for more than three days in succession is still proving to be one step too far.
Oh, and while you’re deciding who to vote for, get active. You can do a lot of thinking swinging a kettlebell.
So, off to Poor Richard’s, my favorite local used bookstore, for such a book. Searching, searching, searching. Rats. Nothing.
For the future to arrive at last
I should add that it isn't that I'm incapable of coming up with something to happen at the next major undecided point. It's that I can come up with several things, each of which, on careful interrogation, turns out to be unsuitable in some way.
Metcalf, Barbara Daly, ed. Making Muslim Space in North America and Europe. University of California Press: Los Angeles, 1996.
Was he wearing a pair of canvas shoes or slippers? I don't seem to remember. He wore something brown; knee-length capri shorts, I think. But it just escapes my mind.
Still thinking about the book of my last post: A Handbook of Rhetorical Terms by Richard A. Lanham (University of California Press)...
How about the costs for medical equipment? Have you ever seen what some simple equipment costs? I'm no expert, but a friend once worked at a facility that manufacturers machines for the medical profession. The retail value astounded me, but when they explained the high cost of product liability insurance, it made more sense. So, there's another hidden cost.
Why then, if these women actively prey on married men, and seek them out, are we not entitled to find them culpable, to hate them? Why, if it takes two to cause an affair, are both parties not equally guilty, not equally responsible to the wife? If I physically trespass on someone’s physical property, and cause irreparable damage, you can bet I will be held responsible. She trespassed on my marriage, and yet, she “owes me nothing”???
Microwave Rice (reject shop $2)
Coal Secy Ashok Perti said their first loyalty of independent directors should be towards the company and not its minority shareholders.
Tim was allegedly tipped over the edge by the somewhat predictable German response to Manuelo Barroso’s surreal (and hopefully final) plea for eurobonds to be created. German Chancellor Angela Merkel again bluntly rejected such bonds as a solution to the crisis on Thursday, saying that “collectivising debts” would not solve the problem. What Geli means is, it won’t solve her problem of being the only one likely to be left guaranteeing the bonds.
Quinn’s done the unthinkable: she kissed a guy who is not Carey, her boyfriend. And she got caught. Being branded a cheater would be bad enough, but Quinn is deemed a traitor, and shunned by all of her friends. Because Carey’s not just any guy—he’s serving in Afghanistan and revered by everyone in their small, military town.
Carl then shared some thoughts on the good things about working in this way: students get their questions answered, there is better engagement, submitting questions is part of the formative assessment, time is freed up. And the bad things: there is always a worry that the kit won’t work, some lecturers are self conscious, it takes extra time (but don’t we owe it to them – they pay for teaching – later on you can reuse sessions).
3. His / her reaction is far worse than the original provocation
I've had a smartphone for more than a year. In that time I've downloaded quite a few apps, but the only one I've paid for is the full version of Words With Friends, because it went on sale and the price was right.
O father it is alive—it is full of people—it has children,
Tolkien also saw fantasy as the best medium for sub-creation. Another term he developed was mythopoesis, by which he meant the creative act of inventing imaginary worlds with detailed mythologies. This is the closest, perhaps, that man can come to mimicking God's creative act. For though the things that we invent have no physical substance in the world, one only needs to look at the lasting impact that Middle-earth has had on millions of fans of Tolkien's stories (including me) to see that Tolkien's creations have achieved reality in the souls of those who love them.
So maybe it’s time once again to highlight to my subscriber-list the finds I’ve made whilst blogging as, until WordPress put things back, it’s not as if you can find them on your own.
Judicial power includes the duty of the courts of justice to settle actual controversies involving rights which are legally demandable and enforceable, and to determine whether or not there has been a grave abuse of discretion amounting to lack or excess of jurisdiction on the part of any branch or instrumentality of the Government.
She just got back from the vet. I waited a little bit to see if she was going to stay here before I forked over $200 for vet care. She's an active herding breed and she's an outside dog, so I just didn't know. Evidently, she likes it here, and I'm proud that she has adopted ME as her person. She has come to trust me, even with her food, altho I still feed her by herself because I don't want her biting my chihuahua. I guess she knows she's going to get plenty of food now and she doesn't have to fight for it.
May-Enter Open at Bloomington trial, track 1/week
She’d invariably turn around just as someone let loose with a missile and would pick up one of the soft erasers off the chalkboard ledge hurling it at the offender with amazing force for someone who couldn’t have been five feet tall or weighed a hundred pounds, soaking wet..holding a bowling ball.
You can sense a theme in this collection of songs on the original CD that might best be explained by Matheos in the biography page of OSI’s official site when he explains how they came up with the name of the group: “Basically OSI, or the Office Of Strategic Influence, was an ill-fated agency that was dreamt up by the Pentagon, I think, shortly after 9/11. Their purpose was basically to disseminate information mostly abroad, and if need be, false information, to put the U.S. war on terrorism in a more favorable light.”
Hatherley LI. The incidence of cytomegalic inclusion disease (CID) in an obstetric teaching hospital, 1975-1984. Aust N Z J Obstet Gynaecol 1985; 25: 171-175.
They know exactly where they are. And footage of the bases was shown?
Royalty percentage is usually 8%.
powerfull force.so wat is this secret?its
'santy claus', stitched onto 28ct aged linen...a patch of old fabric near the strap and a rusty jingler-bell adds a touch of whimsey ~
Note to Self by Samara O'Shea
I fell to the ground in a ball. I felt a few kicks and the kids walked away. Then my friend approached agin. No adults to break it up. They didn’t even see it. It was probably not a long time, but it certainly felt like a long time to me. I didn’t feel like I could do anything. I know I was crying, but, of course, didn’t want anyone to see me. I never got the speech from my dad that I had to suck it up and be tough, I just knew that boys shouldn’t cry. There was even a song on the radio around that time that had the lyric “big boys don’t cry” in it.
Anyway. Enjoy the read, and I highly recommend DC's regular blog whenever you need to feel like there is someone more cynical than you out there in the world.
they have me in their dream,
Cropped jacket, London Jean. Sheer floral blouse, Jovovich Hawk for Target. Striped tank, Mossimo. Dark denim, Express. Sandals, Franco Sarte. Earrings, Panagea.
In recognition of Black History Month, the Marshalls' Africa-influenced art will be on display at the Crocker Art Museum store Feb. 19 and 20.
Feed your imagination and visit his website. It's jampacked with art and music. Take a look around, make a donation, or even commission a patch of art! And I admit, I'll never look at my sewing machine the same way ever again.
One more from Barbara was an oh so pretty roses journal with a pink sparkling vintage brooch attached. Each page is decorated and so beautiful....I'll have to scent it with my Fragonard perfumes and pretend its a secret journal for love poems and pretty sketches !
"Don't think that we'll welcome you back." Notia held her voice steady and quiet, almost managing to be menacing, but the petulant set of her eyes, the twist of her lip, betrayed her.
The story of this great flood exists within the myths of all ancient indigenous peoples. But specifically, within the unwritten myths of the Indus River civilizations, repeated in oral traditions over the past 15,000 years, there is a story of a great golden city built on the edge of the ocean. The city has existed in the minds of these people all these years, but until a recent advance in technology there was no way to substantiate its existence in any physical way.
David Graham is a songwriter, former pastor, and businessman. Twelve years after he dreamed of training masses of young people to take the gospel message around the world, he became founding director of Youth With a Mission Montana and helped launch the ministry in Lakeside. The Montana YWAM has trained thousands and sent them to the nations. In 1990, Graham began speaking in churches and holding seminars across North America about the Father and His children. They Ride White Horses is his first book. David Graham and his wife Kathy reside in the Flathead Valley of Montana where they spend free time with their four children and their spouses and twelve grandchildren.
5And if any man will hurt them, fire proceedeth out of their mouth, and devoureth their enemies: and if any man will hurt them, he must in this manner be killed.
A small handful of sage or eucalyptus leaves may be added to the water. When using essential oils, 1-2 teaspoons (4.5-10 g) of an oil such as sage, eucalyptus, lavender, benzoin, frankincense, thyme, or sandalwood are added.
A recent speech in Thailand proved beyond any reasonable doubt that Murdoch Sr. still has all the slates on his roof. But his interest now – quite rightly from the Newscorp shareholders’ perspective – is ensuring that he has enough control over changing technical switchgear that holds the future of news in the maturing digital age. The Times titles would indeed be much better off if somebody with fresh marketing ideas about offline infotainment and online nuances took them on. Roop should stop holding out for a better price, and flog them. He is, after all, going to need some serious grease-money to keep James out of jail.
Track 19 - Limit Of Endurance﻿
Satya’s Note : Given that the water is full of effluents today, drinking may be risky unless you have tremedous faith and a strong resistant constitution.
There’s so much to do, but I feel good about the progress we’ve made considering the fact that we’re working so much while trying to pack and clean and move. I feel much better after a red bull after my nap. I’m hoping tonight goes by quickly. I miss my big girl who’s turning ONE!!! next week. I can’t believe that either. She’s growing so fast and getting even more beautiful and smarter every day.
Remember this tub??
Mr. Lockwood who was a tenant at Thrushcross Grange was telling story in Nelly's words but shorter. Was this his way of saying that he is writing a book about ThrushCross and The Heights?
‘When two great institutions from two different cultures collaborate, there is more to be learnt and something creative is likely to emerge,’ he said.
I used to pretend that I wasn't afraid of spiders. It made me feel cool - like I was braver than most people. If someone called me on my bluff and asked me to dispose of a spider, I would put on my battle-face and do my best to get rid of it without letting the panic bubble to the surface.
So I have a little over a month left till classes end. Then I have 3 days of exams. Going back to college is crazy. But in all honesty I am glad I did it now rather than waited longer because I think the longer I wait the harder it would have been to get in to the swing of things.
“Don’t blame Mom. She didn’t mean to make trouble.” Despite her faults, Sophia was still her mother. Serena couldn’t find hatred in her heart for the woman.
Here are a few of my Goals for 2012.
I covered my mash with a towel and bungee (really classy, so no picture). It sat for a couple weeks and when I checked back I saw a nice blanket of mould on top. I immediately googled it and found out that it's ok, and just needs to be removed. It rolled up like a carpet and had great-smelling peppers underneath.
Look, I agree that djent is a bullshit, made-up label in a genre that's already saturated with long, pointless subgenres like cascadian black metal or whatever. Going the extra mile and talking about 'djentcore' just makes you eligible for a savage beating because now you're being ultra-annoying, so please, don't go there. I'm not entirely sure when this djent fad started, but I'm just finding out about it and now I'm curious. It took me quite a lot of google searches to figure out what djent even means and I think it's a poorly-chosen onomatopoeia and whoever came up with it (Meshuggah?) should receive a good flogging.
When I watch 'Bonanza' I wonder if Ben Cartwright' had to have a permit from the EPA and the DEP to dig a pond on his property
Erupts in a 5-feet high flower wall of bloom... a dazzling living fence of lush green foliage and snowdrifts of white blossoms... loaded down with clusters of luscious cherries to eat by the bowlful, smack off the bush... or for delicious pies, jellies and jams.
one boy teenager's aware his epidermis stretches, fibrous, leaves-out, as
Examination of the shock mount revealed catastrophic failure of the passenger's side rear, lower mount. Detailed examination indicates the failure resulted from damage received in an earlier, unknown event. Continued stress placed on the mount during subsequent off-roading expeditions caused damage to evolve into a crack, expanding until failure occurred.
Step 5: Place a purple color on the lower last line under the waterline.
I agree with the fact that she might not be accepted in EACH AND EVERY UNIVERSITY in the Philippines. Roxy thinks that PUP will be doomed if they accept Beni in the university. And remember– UP might disqualify her since she called UP “full of worthless people.” Eh, kung ako nga, gusto kong mag-UP because it is cheaper than any other university and of course, it produces topnotchers and at the same time, quality professionals. She might only focus on the bad side of UP, like for instance, the aktibista part. Remember when one of the UP transferees from La Salle wrote about UP and its “dirt.” She should also learn from that guy, aside from learning from AA’s mistake.
1 friends
There I stood in front of the blue colored door entrance, I called the number given which I also wrote on my notepad. Nervous? Yes. My call was answered with a password to hit on the button at the entrance. I got it wrong the first time as I couldn't catch the accent. Repeated the password, it was correct. Pushed the heavy door open, catching my breath as I walked up the circling staircase. I knocked at the door, and finally met with the host - Pierre.
I posted back in March on the Warner Brothers remake of The Great Gatsby that is currently filming in Sydney, Australia. Directed by Baz Luhrmann, the film stars Carey Mulligan as Daisy, Tobey Maguire as Nick and Leo DiCaprio in the title role of F. Scott Fitzgerald's popular novel. Here are a precious few shots from the set and you can already see the incredible period costumes designed by Catherine Martin (and wife of Luhrmann). DiCaprio makes a dashing Gatsby (as did Robert Redford in the seventies film version) and Mulligan is a perfect Daisy. This marks the Lurhmann and Martin team's second collaboration with DiCaprio as they filmed Romeo + Juliet in 1996.
S.A.T. issued several more recordings in Poland, including When Will The Blues Leave (Polonia, 1995), Live in Getxo (Hillargi, 1996), Habanera (Not Two, 1999) and Lyrics (2001), with Polish saxophonist Henryk Miskiewicz, S.A.T. drummer Michal’s father.
1) Win the America's Cup
"Me either. Did you ever get that Edward Scissorshand lady up at that quick-cutting place?"
Liz decided the Hirshhorn Museum needed a temporary deployable structure to work within the concrete “doughnut”, within the museums cylindrical courtyard. The museum has been described as “hulking”, “silent”, “arrogant”…it’s a design challenge with one redeeming feature that its lifted from the ground and with a hollow centre. When opened in the 1970s it was called “neo-penitentiary modern” and a “maimed mall”. I like these descriptions. Brutal as ever. Liz asked how does and can it expand four decades later? How can we use the hole? And what language would it take? If one inhabits that space what is the material of the Mall? It has to be ephemeral, formless and free…at which point she shows a video of one of her colleagues blowing up a giant airbag that takes the shape of its container…’it is inhaling the democratic air of the mall, coming into itself’.
What struck me about this notion was the vague memory I had of Simone De Beavouir. Simone De Beavouir’s principle argument in terms of gender was that women are repressed through their treatment as “the other”, which is argued in her book The Second Sex. De Beauvoir suggests that women are given their identity only as an extension of Man. Male, being the archetype of human existence, and female only as a variation of that archetype. Then, any behavior, desire, characteristic, or emotion that does not originate from the male sex is not given credibility or acknowledged in society as distinct, original, or acceptable. This is especially so, to De Beauvoir, in terms of what is deemed by society as rational. Man’s behavior, in terms of the male sex, is the archetype for what is rational. Therefore, by default, thoughts or arguments that are unmanly or associated with woman, become irrational. A vague example might be woman’s general approach to violence and war compared to man, and how the use of caution or avoidance of violence can be used against the female sex in terms of war related politics and leadership. Ideas such as this lead to De Beavouir’s argument that in order to liberate Woman, women must transcend “the other”, and form an identity that is separate from Man.
If you think anyone is sane, you just don’t know enough about them. - Christopher Moore
Waist : 27 Inches
Brenda, I sure wish you had clunked me over the head when I first posted about your fabric! You could have told me that I already had the pattern that I needed to use! Or Bailey could have called Penny to tell her mom to open her eyes!
Vimto and Jubbly lollies
So, what did you think? What do you think is wronf with Claudia Joy? Leave me a comment, email me, or tweet me @TTCWill. Give me your twocents.
I've started the first sub-term of summer classes and have embarked on what is possibly the most epic amount of reading I have ever accomplished. Over the next twelve weeks, I've got well over 5,000 pages of academia to process.
As of 12am this morning, though---Ok, I couldn't make it--I had to call it a night at 11 last night...and after pressing the download option three more times before giving up, I fell asleep.
ASL:
,dateadd(ss,(@HourOfTheDay*3600)+(0*60)+0,0)
The rest of the TWD bakers have chosen other recipes to rewind in this, the next to the last week for us. You can see what they made here. Next week we will be making the last recipe in the book, which was chosen by Dorie herself. Every time I think about writing that post, I tear up.
each i knew i could not survive
Our theme this week has been chosen by Tracy and she has given us an amazing sketch to use – you are free to rotate the sketch and make slight alterations but we must be able to recognise the sketch. Don’t forget to be eligible for our prize draw you must use your Letraset products on your project (i.e. promarkers, flex markers, tria markers or aqua markers).
grater (optional)
Aeroshite- Train Kept A Rollin', Black Flag- Six Pack, Blue Cheer - Summertime Blues, Foghat- Honey Hush, Guess Who- American Woman, Rory Gallagher- Shin Kicker, Montrose- Space Station No. 5, Nazareth- Razamanazz, Romantics- What I Like About You, Stiff Little Fingers- Suspect Device, Undertones- You’ve Got My Number .
This was the big single from the album, and their first hit in some time. It almost reminds me of "Lola," in that both songs have a slightly twisted lyric wrapped up in a catchy-as-Hell rock song. The stuff about sleepwalking seems fairly harmless until he starts talking about "Better close your window tight / I might come in for a bite," or at the end, when he says "I'll even come to your home / If you're ever alone." I read somewhere that an extra verse was cut out of the song with an overt sexual reference. I can't find any record of what the extra lines were, but I'd love to know. Whatever it was, I have no doubt that it was removed with the idea of the song being the album's single in mind.
Not so with the cartoon-like live-action superhero movie of the summer, just out on DVD, Kick-Ass. I saw it last night, finally, and was amused and appalled in equal measure. Kick-Ass reads like a rather obvious inversion of the Spider-Man arc (and cites this influence often): a nerdy high-school kid takes on a new life as a costumed crusader. This time around, the boy gets to sleep with his crush, has no powers to speak of and is beaten to a pulp, and lives in a world where the bad guys and other heroes are equally cruel and vicious. Notably, Big Daddy, an ex-cop seeking revenge for his wife's death at the hands of a kingpin crime-lord, has trained his little daughter, Hit-Girl, to take bullets in her stride, and use most knives and firearms with lethal force.
I also called my lawyer and told him what was happening, he advised me to back off or the insurance company might suspect me even more. I didn’t like what he was telling me either so I told him to F off and hung up lol! Honestly, months later we were talking and I asked him if he’d ever had a client swear at him as much as I had and he said no lol!
Back in the day, in the late 1980s, Rachel Ashwell made rounding up all furniture and accessories quite fashionable. Now Ashwell is coming to QVC with her Treasures by Shabby Chic collection.
"um, yes."
The lovely people over at Fashion to Figure contacted me and offered to treat one of my lucky blog readers to any item on their website that is $30 or less!! How amazing!! (Only wish I wasn't disqualified!)
(a girl still has to look cute running you know!)
As I've often said on this blog, Mr Brown is not a leader, he is not the stuff from which leaders are made. All that has gone on since he has come to power shows a man who is Machiavellian, a man who has not the skills to be PM and most worryingly a man who is by inclination introverted rather than an extrovert. Leadership in a parliamentary democracy, one that is founded on the longstanding principals of cabinet rule does not sit well with Mr Brown (nor did it with his predecessor but he was a lot cleverer, as were those he gathered around him.) Gordon Brown is a controller, not a leader.
I knew it was going to be incredibly difficult.
“:” – I seem to have been bitten by a venomous snake.
My dear Saviour, blessed be this hour which you are going to offer to your eternal Father, for my salvation, and the remission of my sins, the greatest of sacrifices, that is yourself. A far less sacrifice from so great a Priest, could not chuse but find acceptance. What then may I not hope from this, in which you are not only the Priest that offers it, but also the victim that is offered.
I didn't want to be "the crazy girl that took pictures on the first date" and really, in the first few weeks, who knows if it will turn into anything, right?
I have received this text from a friend this morning in an email and was struck by the boatload of wisdom it contained. It is with a great pleasure that I am sharing it with you.
I think this is the best $1 I ever spent! Totally love how it turned out! Next up - I am going up the wall! I am going to make a Gallery Wall above the shelf. So how high do you think that should go? All the way to the ceiling or to a foot or so from the top?
“This project is part of a larger strategy to increase the number of potential customers coming to Dearborn every day. Increasing the customer base sustains existing businesses and attracts new activity and investment, “said O’Reilly.
2 tbsps fresh parsely, chopped
While some writers have made the claim that neotame is allowed in organic foods, there does not appear to be any supporting evidence for this. Ditto for the rumor that it doesn’t have to be listed on the label. For example, according to a recent article on Sott.netv:
Do you know I think that work is really getting into the way of my crafting habit and then there was Christmas!
Length: 6 CDs (Approximately 7 hours 19 minutes)
4 eggs, scrambled and cooked as an omelet
Obnoxious – I have a really loud laugh and voice… and so sometimes I feel like I am obnoxious. I have been mocked a few times and it makes me sad.
Life has been a matter of prioritising, and scrapping has definitely moved down on the list of importance. I will get back to it soon, but I need to get some other things taken care of first.
12. To remove scents from a carpet, sprinkle with baking soda. Let stand for at least fifteen minutes, then vacuum. Repeat as needed.
Toward the end of the twentieth century, survivors of the horrible event began to speak.
Wednesday - Grilled Chicken and Pineapple Quesadillas: We have a late appointment so these will be perfect to throw together before we leave the house.
If all Muslims were to end up in Zone A, then geographical consolidation would be complete. Muslim population growth will presumably result in them putting demographic pressure on currently non-Muslim areas in Zone A, but that is another matter. Getting Muslims out of Zone A and back to their countries of origin would, in principle, require massive paramilitary violence and/or the intervention of the state itself and is therefore outside the scope of the essay.
Rafael has been involved in many other projects, which he describes below. And public librarians all over the nation, who engaged in summer reading programs this year, may recognize this poster artwork:
I'm not quite feeling the spring yet. I love the varying shades of blues here, like a range of patina... but the hints of honey and mustard accents keeps me in my comfort zone. I've been having a lot of decorating ideas lately that combine these colors, even with a bit of navy mixed in. I just got a new set of chairs from a city wide garage sale and am considering finally pulling out that sander I borrowed from my friend to do something colorful. Well see where this adventure takes us.
Normally I'd be delighted at this......
In other words ~ a lot of time is spent in this space.
“You must have a good imagination,” said Chloe. His PA did not answer the man directly or with another word.
expected.
But unfortunately, because the Westerners – Americans and others – want to flatter these people on account of the elections, a disaster occurs. In order to succeed and win the elections, he flatters these people, rather than saying to them: No, you are sinning against yourselves, against society, and against humanity. This is forbidden. Instead of leveling with them, people flatter them to win their votes. This is the disaster that has befallen humanity.
I should likely continue with my 'summer camp' analogy. The temperatures are moving and there's no denying that some brutal months are coming up fast. I want to say this will be my last summer in the desert. I'm going to operate on that theory anyway. It might make the summer months more bearable.
“The truth is that in our lives we are all going to encounter questions that should be answered, that deserve to be answered, and yet probe unanswerable. Can we find meaning to life without those answers? Can we find a way to acknowledge the reality (and injustice) of suffering without giving in to hopelessness? Those are the questions I think Miles is confronting at the end, and I wanted to argue that through forgiveness, it is possible to live a full and hopeful life – even if our world is saturated with injustice and loss.”
There's more I could write about, about the days that ensued--the warzone my neighborhood became, the random people sobbing in the street, the haze of acrid holocaust smoke that hovered in the air for months, the bomb threats, the subway evacuations, the way we all slept with our sneakers on and a bag packed next to the bed on so we could escape at a moment's notice. But it's depressing me. And I'm supposed to be happy. Remember, my birthday? Happy birthday to me. Yippee.
"So, what does God look like?" Mommy asked.
And Enoch also, the seventh from Adam, prophesied of these, saying, Behold, the Lord cometh with ten thousands of his saints, To execute judgment upon all, and to convince all that are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly committed, and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have spoken against him. These are murmurers, complainers, walking after their own lusts; and their mouth speaketh great swelling words, having men’s persons in admiration because of advantage.
A woman who read every piece of material we ever gave her, who listened as we shared the gospel countless times, but those things made no difference until she came to understand the Love of God.
The predicted weather for Sunday was HOT and a chance for storms. I decided to start the party at 11am to hopefully beat the heat a little, but instead we beat the rain but it was unbelievably hot out.
Insomnia may be caused by stress and anxiety; it may also be caused by a variety of medications, illnesses and medical conditions. When there is an underlying condition, the insomnia can exacerbate the condition and a cycle of worsening health and increasing sleep problems can develop. Insomnia can be treated successfully. While there are medications available to treat difficulty falling and staying asleep, there is also an evidence-based approach to treat insomnia that does not require the use of medication. Cognitive-behavioral treatment of insomnia (CBTI) has been shown in research to be as effective as medication to treat insomnia in the short-term and more effective than medication in the long-term. In fact, CBTI is a first-line treatment of choice endorsed by the American Academy of Sleep medicine.
H&R are still getting their daily fix of TV time. I think I was unrealistic in how quickly we would be able to resume our normal routine after Baby E arrived. Going out once a day is a big accomplishment. I had no idea how long it would take my body to bounce back, since it still hasn't! So when I was given the opportunity to review Dance Pocoyo Dance! DVD I pounced on it, since it would get the boys moving, albeit inside the house. Dance Pocoyo Dance! is based on the Pocoyo animated television series and encourages kids to get up and dance, jump and have fun for hours. The music provides high-energy participation, and Pocoyo and his animal friends, Elly the elephant, Pato the duck, and Loula the dog, add to the excitement.
The CERN story came to me about six months ago. Just a thread – a concept. So I went to CERN in June and had a look around. How cool does that sound? Real research, hey? Actually, the truth is, we went to Geneva for a weekend break on a cheap Easyjet, and while we were there I persuaded Sarah that an afternoon at the LHC would be solid entertainment, which it turned out to be, for both of us in fact.
to deliver
So, whoever you are and wherever you’re from, welcome to our little blog. We hope that you enjoy reading about our lives here.
Nacatamales are typically dough mixed with corn flower, milk and lard. They’re filled with either pork or chicken. I opted for the chicken. No Nacatamale is the same. They can be filled with but aren’t limited to tomatoes, onion, garlic, salt, rice, potatoes, mint leaves, raisins, olives and chili. The concoction is wrapped in plantain leaves and then steamed for a few hours. The one you see is the only Nacatamale I’ve tried. Ideally I’ll make it a point to try a more visually appealing one soon.
I. Was. Terrified. Exhilarated. Excited; a whole mix of emotions. As soon as I got home, I woke up my Mom and told her about what I had seen, but she didn’t believe me. “It was probably just fog, sweetie! There’s no such thing as ghosts.”
My cousin got married on Saturday so we had a good time hanging out with relatives and it was a blessing to be able to celebrate a happy event. So today I'm sharing a picture of my sister, my daughter, my cousin (who lost her mother in February) and her daughter. I was especially happy that my cousin and her family came since the last time we had seen each other was for her mother's funeral.
Historian Benjamin Feldman of the New York Wanderer blog will be at the Brooklyn Historical Society on Wednesday, July 27, to share the tale of Henry Knight Dyer (1846-1911), a Brooklyn man who rose from a modest Fort Greene home and his first job as an office boy in the Dennison Paper Products Co. to become president of that multi-national enterprise at the turn of the 20th century.
Context on the show: Bart joins the scouts after a wild, hazy night, and he wants out. Marge doesn’t agree, but Homer justifies Bart’s decision with the above nugget of wisdom concerning nature.
It astounds me how little senior management gets a basic truth: If clients don’t trust you they will eventually stop doing business with you. It doesn’t matter how smart you are.
1. Wednesday evening, the Point Beach nuclear power plant in Wisconsin declared an Alert due to toxic gas in a vital area room. During a maintenace run on the plant’s emergency diesel generator, exhaust fumes caused a buildup of carbon monoxide in the Plant Instrument Air Compressor Room that exceeded the Immediate Danger to Life and Health standard set by the Occupation Safety and Health Administration. The diesel was turned off, and the Alert was terminated two hours later.
1 x (352)JACOB CREAM CRACKER = 14.50
Garlic: $.25/head, used 2 cloves (1/6) = $.04
I will exercise daily (does running around like a chicken with its head cut off count as exercise?)
Popping balloons is added fun than you’d think.
* Sayid, in a sideways flash, sees Jack in the hospital when his brother was taken to emergency. Sayid will avenge his brother, gets the evil look in his eyes.
“I’ve put my children through school. They’re both in America now. I’ve got no reason to stay,” he added.
Wombats – Last Night I Dreamt (Bright Antenna)
My love, she is a rainbow
I have dropped dead what would you do?
You say that Paryumchiakdan loves Japanese 60's garage and old Korean rock music. What bands in particular does this apply to and how is this reflected in your own sound?
We opted for ....wait for it........Chipotle because 1) you can tailor make your order to create a healthy lunch and B) their food is awesomesauce. The thing is, when you realize the irony of this story, you will laugh out loud or lol if you will. You won't woot. Please don't woot.
There was also some suggestive, but inconsistent, evidence that the risk of preterm delivery and reduced fetal growth is related to paternal exposure to welding fumes, the paper notes.
sitting all by herself at the antique market,
Thanks to the new shiny pub guide book I was given we decided to try out this one which neither myself or my partner actually knew about. Usually when we are in the area we head to the Falcon near Clapham Junction station for a drink, fantastic pub with well kept and regularly changing beers. But the temptation of a different bottle range of beers plus American & Belgium beers on tap proved quite a draw for us to wander further up Northcote Road than we would normally.
Say hello to The Edge Nails 'Transylvania':
So near and so far?”
For some reason–maybe because of my birthday–I was just remembering this truly awful neurologist I saw once who told me I would be in a wheelchair by age 40 at the latest & probably wouldn’t see my 45th birthday. I’m still not sure if he actually believed that rubbish or if he was one of those medical professionals who believes it’s better to give a grim prognosis so that the patient in question will be grateful for anything more than what’s been predicted & then attribute that extended health & life to said doctor & his “miraculous” treatments.
I leave you with a few pictures of our recent explorations...because that's all I have left now. No more words, just images. And I hope that unschoolers will realize that they don't owe the world any explanations or defenses. That they don't need to convince the ignorant or close minded. That we just need to live our lives and get on with the joy of living and learning together.
“We know who the active denialists are – not the people who buy the lies, mind you, but the people who create the lies. Let’s start keeping track of them now, and when the famines come, let’s make them pay. Let’s let their houses burn. Let’s swap their safe land for submerged islands. Let’s force them to bear the cost of rising food prices,” writes Zwick, adding, “They broke the climate. Why should the rest of us have to pay for it?”
As a result of this judgment the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) will have to reconsider the decision to end the investigation. We are calling on Gordon Brown to make a commitment that there will be NO FURTHER GOVERNMENT INTERFERENCE.
The jitterbug was what I was doing yesterday when I opened up my mailbox! Now notice,I did not say it was pretty but I was dancing and a squealing because that sweet Mr.Mailman left a package in my box from Carol of Buttermilk Creek Farm.Folks,you need to skip on over to Carol's wonderful blog and check out all of her amazing creations! She is a wonderful person and a true artisan. Let me just tell you the dance I was doing at the mailbox was nothing compared to what happened when I opened up the box!I just about gave my poor momma a heart attack ,I was so excited.As many of you know already I was blessed to win Carol's recent giveaway celebrating her blog anniversary!!!I have long admired Carol's mouse creations,as you all know she is extremely talented.Folks until you have held one of her mouse friends in your hands you really have no idea the detail that she puts into one of her creations! Miss Milly is just lovely and something I will treasure forever! Carol was beyond generous and included a bag of grubby eggs and a yummy smelling pantry cake as well as Miss Milly.Thank you so much Carol!
Considering that Baring and Chesterton had both been good friends of Belloc since the turn of the century, it is perhaps surprising that they did not become acquainted with each other until as late as 1907. Indeed, as late as March 1908, Baring was writing to Chesterton from Moscow requesting a greater intimacy in their relationship, asking whether he might "call you by your Christian name," and adding his hope that "you and I and Hilaire may meet." The slow development of their friendship was probably due principally to Baring's long absences from England, but once formed, their affection for each other grew stronger as the years passed. Frances Chesterton was to say many years later that of all her husband's friends there were none he loved more than Maurice Baring.
Women’s Aid, Lawyer, Police, Housing Support
1. Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Spray bread pan with nonstick cooking spray
The 'silver pound' serves this pub very well. Packed again today! There was a mini bus in the car park when I arrived at noon. A dozen or so elderly ladies, who frequent the pub once a month-ish. They are a very pleasant bunch, as one would expect of their age group. The 'Chairman' has a joke with them. Then a steady stream of people kept coming in.
With sweet memories
Not this year.
FA: Well he overtook me quite easy. When we fitted the dry tyres he was very, very quick at that part of the race so we were forced to stay calm. We knew that our opportunity would be later in the race and when I overtook him again it was thanks to the DRS and the KERS and all these possibilities we have these days. Then we attacked the Red Bulls as from now it will always be the same thing. Every race we try to do like the final. Championship hopes are very difficult because Sebastian keeps finishing all the races first and second so the only thing we can do is try to win every race we go to and be very aggressive. Every race, every start, every strategy will be at the maximum.
The Ghost Hunters: Fifty Authentic Supernatural Experiences
Posted by ZeroTolerance at 11:42 PM
7.Devil Woman (produced By Hitman D)
Things are better now, and I've made a lot of mental notes in my "things I'll do differently next time" file. But I'm beginning to realize that the way I do work--the way I've been trained to do work over the years--isn't gentle on the creative brain.
I stood up and went over to the family room where most of my family was, sitting around the main table made of oak, in chairs so deep it looked as if they would sink forever into them. Most of the kids sat next to the piano, playing with toys or fiddling with things that interested them that made the adults ask every so often, “Joe, what the hell is wrong with your kid? He’s fingering the carpet or something.” He’d follow that up with a laugh, and the family would chuckle while Joe runs over and tells his kid to knock that shit off and play with everyone else.
While the changes will not be designwise – yet (it’s not my fault wordpress has so pretty themes!), there will be a change.
Horrible allergies, in combination with what I 'thought' was Poison Ivy on my right eye (yes... ouch).
SMASH! POW! BOOM!
So my question is, when did you know it was time? Do you have any regrets? Do they require a lot of expensive veterinary care (my husband's main concern)? Can you recommend any indispensable resources (books? websites?)? What's your favourite breed?
And the green freedom of a cockatoo
9. Blaas Of Glory - The Ace Of Spades (2:46)
Fleetwood Mac Man of the world UK
Now there was a movie that, while not necessarily good by any stretch of the imagination, sure did make the most of its 15 minutes of fame by capitalizing on the fact that it featured Jolly Saint Nick as a killer. ...welll, maybe not Santa per se, but a dressed-up psycho facsimile who traveled from rooftop to rooftop killing, murdering, raping, pillaging, impaling, et cetera.
"Should this prove ineffective, the child must be moved to a place where he receives enough nutrition."
Ernest Goes to Jail
radically different
Read the story here, and pay attention to some of the comments from actual business owners. Students and OWS losers can whine and bitch all they want, but the fact is, small business IS the backbone of America and Small Business is on a hiring freeze until Mr. When We Spread The Wealth Around It's A Good Thing is gone.
The premise of pitch black is very unique and was made very well so that nothing felt cheap or unimaginative. The characters reactions to the creatures in the dark and fear you could see on their faces worked well to feel for them in their situation, but this was mainly for action and survival as Riddick battle mutant monsters scene after scene but somehow didn’t seem stupid. An enjoyable horror survival film set on an alien planet couldn’t be better.
has an opinion and wants the opportunity to express it.
"No, it's not lit. I think there might be some kind of creature inside..."
“You know, Isis, that’s kind of sad. In fact, it’s downright pathetic. If Nigel was feeling you half as much as you’re feeling him, you wouldn’t have to watch so many others come and go. It would be all about you, but it’s not.” Rayna watched Isis’ beautiful face twist in anger and crumble. “Be careful when you walk away. I’d hate for you to step on your face.” Rayna started to walk off, then stopped and turned back toward Isis. “Oh, and thanks for the uh, girl talk.”
Step 9: Use more pins if necessary to get the desired effect of the bow. You can add more pins on the side bows to make it feel more secure and in place. Use hairspray to smooth out the bow.
Solidarity!
80 degrees + a car with no air conditioning + a warm house from the wintry night before + 283.6 pounds of fat = ONE VERY ANGRY FAT GIRL!!! lol
If you find yourself curious about what life would be like as a court reporter, here are some important facts to understanding the profession.
Your obedience has been fulfilled, at least as far as you can tell. For weeks, or months, or perhaps even for years now you’ve pressed in and obeyed God. Whether in time or money or prayer or hope, you’ve invested greatly in the kingdom. So your bread was cast many days ago and now your hope is starting to fade. You lay awake at night and begin to wonder why. You’re now asking God all the hard questions like you’ve never asked before. You’re determined to find the right answers that will unlock each and every door. Obedience has left you standing there on the shore, waiting, simply waiting. When will your bread return to you? The words, “Father, Father why have you abandoned me?” are the only words that seem to come out.
(5) If you think there are mistakes on the list, contact NAMA.
The toughest thing on my to-do list was finding an urn. I saw lots of urns, but the one I have in mind is a small white iron slightly rusty one that will beautifully house a seasonal arrangement on the mantel. Let's just forget for a moment that I don't have a mantel. Work with me here. What I found is not exactly what lives in my brain, but it's got potential, I think.
In the suit Stratchborneo claimed that anyone who had anything to do with "Got My Mojo Working" had stolen it from her song "Mojo Workout," which was released in 1960. (It's not the same song that decades later would inspire a punk rock talk show and podcast on Real Punk Radio.)
Now work was a whole ‘nother story because the previous night we had did our best to get things in order and I was under the impression that everything was fine and that the day would go smoothly. I was wrong. The manager that came in was not very happy with how things went the night before and we were having a visitor today, so everything had to be adjusted quickly and flawlessly. The tasks were not daunting, they were just tedious. But it was the fact that I was being given two different sets of directions by two different superiors that I found to be a bit frustrating.
Exterior Home Designs
For those of you who love Don Ed Hardy tattoos and the brand, you’ll be intrigued by the Ed Hardy: Tattoo Artist app for iPhone/iPad/iPod Touch; available on iTunes. It’s not every day a brand comes out with a photo app, but I think Ed Hardy made a really suitable app to showcase their designs. Some of Ed Hardy’s best pieces are included in the app, under wallpapers; which you can save and use as a wallpaper for your Apple devices. It’s a rather interesting photo app which come with 0ver 150 original Don Ed Hardy tattoo designs for you to play with. The app allows you to create personal Ed Hardy T-Shirt designs as well as add tattoos to your photographs. I’ve never had a tattoo before, and I doubt I’ll ever get one but what do you think of my virtual “tattoos”:
Today I took to the Youth Lounge and part two of The Dance Master, which highlighted physical movement and mantra. This is a volunteer free time to express oneself in the most joyful. I really appreciate the innovation of one person in particular, Krishna Chandra. Being himself creative, a comedic perosn of incredible wit and who takes a lead in the BYS (Be Your Self) youth outreach in educational campuses in the Durban area.
The rest of the construction was pretty uneventful, and that evening, when my husband joined us, we grilled dinner and took turns trying out the new chair. I loved it. I couldn't wait to build more. But, things and stuff and life got in the way and we didn't find time to expand our furniture building. I purchased additional Adirondack chairs from L.L. Bean and World Market to fill my patio. Our lone custom chair creation was sanded and painted a couple of times in a couple of different shades. A few winters, it stayed on the patio when other furniture went to storage...so that I would have somewhere other than just the steps to sit during random nice days. It was loved, but neglected. And, now this classic beauty is showing it's age. One side is starting to rot.
The Farmer Wants A Wife – There are still way too many farmers, and there were still too many forgettable farmers. With Farmer Scott the show should have been renamed The Farmer Wants A Personality. But at its heart it’s a goofy romance and you know what, sometimes that’s okay. Also laughing at Farmer Gavin every time he was creepy gave this series extra watchability.
xoxo Deja
The inspiration for this page actually came from the twine--which I'd had sitting on my desk for awhile, but hadn't been able to incorporate into any of my pages. I thought it was appropriate since I'm wrapping up this challenge and wrapping up the page. The background was airbrushed using my ABS and a variety of stencils. I did some machine stitching around the outside and on the outer edges of the photo. And I finished it off with some hand doodling.
“Jah, there’s that,” she replied. “We’ll all be over directly, then.”
Why is this a common injury among team ropers?
Let 2011 be the year the government fears the people.
Once you have managed to balance your earnings, savings goals, and spending, write down a budget that can be used for spending on any given thing. Start paying for everything with cash and stop using credit cards. It’s easier to overspend when using a credit card because you don’t always know exactly how much is in there. When using cash, you have something tangible and can see your supply running low.
-We have shared experiences growing up that formed us into the curious and (little bit) twisted individuals we are today
Nonreplica editions maintain a consistent and homogenous character as the print newspaper but may have different editorial and advertising content and may be presented in a different format.
“Zanzibar!?” he says, “Where’s Zanzibar? Does it even exist?”
That's right Lance and his dog teams won four years in a row!
In this sense I view the school as failing to recognize and protect my son’s right to be educated in a safe environment free of discrimination.
So, once he packed up I walked him to the door and kissed him goodbye. I watched out the window to see what he would do. When he was halfway down the driveway I grabbed the camera and ran outside. He didn't know I was watching him as he walked up the neighbors' driveway and stood at their front door. While he was figuring out what he was going to do, their dogs gave him away and our neighbor came out. She talked to him for a minute or two before I went over and suggested we go home for lemonade. He wasn't really into that...he wanted to go inside. I mentioned their big dogs and we decided it was best that he move on. Some how he got it in his head that we needed to visit five houses.
“You have always lived in Stormwind?” Brulee asked gently.
Put our fists through walls
Sunday - I woke up after only 3 hours of sleep with this song in my head:
The main reason driving this can be the indisputable fact that most sweaters- both men's and women's sweaters tend to be weaved out of excellent wool, cashmere or fleece. Each one of these has the inherent attribute of delivering snugness and warmth to the individual wearing it.
These little scruffy shoes I found and thought they were so cute , to think some little bitty feet wore the toes out , and her Mom kept them . They ended up in an auction I am sure , before I purchased them for $3.00
*Total weight gain: around 25.5 pounds total...still keeping my fingers crossed to keep it under 35 pounds. I know the water weight is coming soon....hoping it's less than 10 lbs of it! Just 36 days left!
We’ve had a good number of new on-line initiatives launching in pharma-world lately, which is a welcome development. A new kid on the block is PharmaFaceoff, a joint venture of Pharmaceutical Executive magazine and Concentric Pharma Advertising.
This next scarf was a kind of experiment and I'm not sure I'm wildly enthusiastic about some parts - like the fringe. It is just lengths of yarn in different colors knit up lengthwise. Knitted in seed stitch, it has the look of a piece of weaving. It's also quite heavy and dense which I do like. Even the 200+ stitches weren't a bother in this stitch. I love it. There is also a lot of texture in the fabric...quite bumpy. It's a nice use of those shorter lengths of yarn that won't knit up into anything very meaningful.
Even without rule changes the pace of development marches on, as teams converge of a similar set of ideas to get the most from the car. This year, Rake, Front wings and clever suspensions will be the emerging trends. Sidepods will also be a big differentiator, as teams move the sidepod around to gain the best airflow to the rear of the car. There will also be the adoption of new structural solutions aimed to save weight and improve aero.
'Common sense has been erased from the system. And the result is plain for all to see. There's a two-hour wait. And come the Olympics they're saying that time frame will double.
The end result is the same!
All this coming from someone who doesn’t like birds much at all. I would love to have the ability to fly though, which is probably why I enjoy reading books about flying, but not being around flying things.
10/6 – Peppermint Beach Club – Virginia Beach, VA
We open up some of our favorite readers mail, we take you behind the scenes of how we put together an episode, and we describe three of our very favorite history-related websites that you should check out.
I'd love to know if you are visiting here from over there in the comments.
