Dies: Go Kreate XXL Square Frames Frilly #5; Spellbinders Classic Hearts, Classic Scalloped Heartsand Rose Creations; Memory Box Amana Circle; BossKut Flower Flourish
And finally the eagles… I am a big fan of the eagles. Without any archers in my list, these guys will have to take one for the team if any Mangler Squigs or similar show up. Otherwise, they can hunt war machines and divert big enemy blocks when needed.
‘Will they actually talk to you?’ innocent civilians often ask. Simply gaining access to the elites is the most obvious research hurdle—although it is eminently doable.
It is a lovely size to scrap I must admit, and I tried to leave it simple..
The cost of defense was a major factor in the demise of many empires.
We nearly had a nasty fire just a km away from us, started in the early hours of the morning, we have had a few short blackouts and apparently there was a line down, not sure if it was shot out or just the wind did it, if you go to my other blog here you will see the photos I took this morning on my way home from town.
Simon cleared his throat. “Perhaps that is the difference between my kind and yours,” he said. “Sometimes we do things that aren’t to our advantage.”
At this moment, Facebook can manage 900 million status updates every day. Google can manage a billion searches every day. GlobalGiving can orchestrate an immediate disaster relief campaign in 12 hours and get the money disbursed on the ground to do work in one week (as we did with Japan’s earthquake). Why, then, are these organizations becoming slower and more rigid in their mission focus when the world changes faster every day?
Tue - Fri 10:00 to 12:00, 14.00 - 18.00, Sat 11:00 to 17:00
Rereading this list, I was surprised at how we'd met most of my initial goals, despite having had days, weeks and even years where I was unsure of how well we'd done in our homeschool experiment and despite changing approaches several times along the way.
We arrived in the middle of an important commemoration.
My sister’s boyfriend with Will. Will has a thing for shiny watches and piercing and he generally found Spencer beyond fascinating. My sister and her boyfriend generally found Will beyond mysterious. Adorable but mysterious. All of that poop? All of that work? I think it will be awhile before Will gets any cousins.
The best thing you can ever do is to look at yourself in the mirror and say “I love you”, because if you can’t love yourself you can’t really love anyone.
Baby, just like the great singing duo The Righteous Brothers, I hereby proclaim that “You’re my soul and my hearts inspiration.” Now come here little darlin’ and let’s get naked… and naughty! Would everyone exit my blog now, please? We would appreciate a little privacy. Thank you!
The positive images come from natural sources like the collision of land with water and the shared space of sleep and waking that is dreaming. The negative images are of violence that has happened, happening, or that will happen (crater, drowning, and waiting to die respectively).
You know what? He was right. He had absolutely not ever promised me a thing. He had, in fact, repeatedly stated, in action if not words, exactly how little regard he had for me. Only a masochistic fool would have put up with it and I am sorry to say I was that fool.
According to Bayram Balci, a Turkish scholar, the Gulen schools seek to expand “the Islamization of Turkish nationality and the Turification of Islam” in order to bring about a universal caliphate ruled by Islamic law.
i have made a pull out card
Here are the rules for those nominated:
2- (RS) ch2, turn, (fpdc around next dc, bpdc around next dc) repeat to end
Short, funny,extreme video, yet ideals our society has embraced today.
I am also happy and full of love
A key difference between the Troubles and our Muslim Troubles is that there will be no hinterlands, no rural areas, in which Muslims can operate with a minimum of attention being paid to them. There will certainly be no equivalent of the Bandit Country of South Armagh, which the South Armagh PIRA turned into a virtual no-go zone for the British Army for most of the Troubles, through the attentions of the South Armagh sniper and others. It will be as if every single rural area in NI had been utterly dominated by loyalist populations and paramilitaries, republicans had been entirely boxed into ghettoes, there had been no Republic of Ireland to act as training ground or sanctuary, and republicans would have been immediately identifiable as such if they were so foolish as to venture out into the countryside to try and test a bomb. This will be quite a disadvantage for Muslim paramilitaries, to put it mildly.
Oh well, I like it because Annalyn and Galina are in it. :)
In the PSYCHO-BILLY CADILLAC Come on
I have to say, during my taste of what the tour actually is about left me reeling. I asked God, “Really??? You want me to do this right now? You’ve placed specific burdens on my heart and have specific callings on my life and I am to do this?” and He responds, “Yes. You are to learn. You will trust and obey Me in this, because it is My will, My sovereign will which you are called to be in service to” and joyfully I repented for my doubt and lack of faith and eventually found contentment during our 12 hour drives and approached Pastor Mike that I had come to know peace with the Lords will that I should do this.
In other news.......the kids brought home report cards this week Good news all around.....Nothing below a 3 (back in the day that would be a C) and we brought home a pile of 1 ( that would be A's) so they all did well. Well the three that still live at home did the one that lives with her Dad did not show me her report card....I'm not allowed to see it....Daddy says so...I'm also not allowed to punish her.....again Daddy says so. I wonder if Daddy forgets that I carried that child in my body for 9 months, I did EVERYTHING for her for 14 years and now I am nothing.....Anyhow I guess you can see how that is going basically she is being "brain washed" by Mr. Wonderful. I'm still not sure how to handle all that.....All I want is my Ashton back....I miss her ALOT!!
Is the number on the scale affecting your attitude? It can, but it doesn’t have to. I used to be the guy that weighed after every meal, before bed, as soon as I woke up and any other time I thought warranted it.
SB 759 on nuclear power:
Well, we finally DO see some boy advice. Keep it in your pants! Sex is baddd. It will control you. Until you are married. Then its all OK.
3) "She's got freckles on her butt, she's purdy!" - The Vagabonds, variation of lyrics by Robb... that he has sung to her since she was a baby.
constitute a threat to society.
The new Cameron Crowe documentary ‘Pearl Jam Twenty’ was showing tonight at the Brattle Theatre. I decided to go to the 7:30 show. When I got in Harvard Square, I saw a huge line forming outside the Brattle, which I didn’t expect. Everyone in line had already bought their tickets beforehand. I asked at the booth and was told that the 7:30 show was “completely sold out”. (I think that sold out does not really take any adverb of this kind, was it completely sold out as opposed to partially sold out? If something is sold out, it is sold out, and that’s that.) The 10pm show was not sold out, that was two and a half hours away.
But none of them will comfort me
Still checking goat "butts" as have one due any day and one due in April. Olivia is doing fantastic and back with the other goats. Lil Vicki is growing and still spoiled rotten. She is not afraid of anything. She goes right up to the dogs and climbs on them, licks their nose, or just cuddles up with them. They love her too and let her do anything she wants and just sit there.
It seems like a lifetime ago, but it has only been one month since we received our referral and met our Finley Grace.
1. Panhandle Rag
Cream blazer, Apostrophe. Coral blouse, Worthington. Leopard scarf (through belt loops). Trouser jeans, Express. Brown booties, Style & Co. Beaded necklaces, Body Central.
So, that's Party Guy. Then there's Buddy. On Sunday, I hesitated but decided to text him to see if he was free for lunch or dinner. He said yes to lunch, and at lunch, suggested a trip to an area by a lake nearby that I hadn't seen. It was gorgeous out, and great to be with him. I wasn't feeling hung up on him, but I wasn't obsessing about some other guy, either, so I was more attuned to him and perhaps more observant than usual. We had a really nice time. I did tell him I'd concluded that 26 y.o. is interested in Writer, and that that's okay. The only slightly weird thing is that I didn't tell him I went out with Party Guy. In fact, when Buddy and I came back to my place and walked upstairs so I could show him my Spain photo book, when Downstairs Neighbor said "I liked that person you brought to the club," I acted like she meant the woman I was helping meet people and said "she liked you, too." I feel guilty because I hate being even the slightest bit duplicitous, though the fact is that what she said was ambiguous, and, as a friend, he has no entitlement to know who I do or don't go out with.
Women and elephants never forget an insult. Saki
Sugarcubes Cowboy IS
My only slight disappointment is that I found that I could remember clearly a lot of the funniest parts of the book. That meant that it didn't seem quite so hilarious as it did the first time I read it.. although I still chuckled a few times.
In my life I have met many truly compassionate and selfless Christians who have devoted their lives to helping others. I have also known many non-believers who share the same passion. I reject the notion that one must believe in a deity to be a good person who cares about others. Right and wrong are not just rules set down on clay tablets. Any person who does right only because he has to is not a truly moral being. An individual must be driven by genuine compassion to be truly “good for goodness’ sake.”
In the rendering options menu, select the Use device fonts option.
At least one victim was forced to have sex with 20 men in one night when she was drunk, police said. Two became pregnant as a result of their horrifying ordeal - one of whom was only 13 and had an abortion.
Ketchup, sodas, juice drinks, breads, crackers, cookies, and many other processed food items are loaded with HFCS, and these items are a staple in many children’s diets, including in the meals fed to them at school. So it is no wonder that children’s bodies are being overwhelmed by mercury and other autism-related toxins, which is only worsened by the onslaught of neurologically damaging vaccines, some of which still contain mercury, most of them received throughout their early childhood developmental years.
The reason I say I’ve learned a lot from today, is because it’s going to take some getting used to. One of the reasons I moved to Brighton was to spend more time with you and be a part of your life. In London I was working full time, you were at school from 8.30am until around 5.30pm every day, most of your socialising happened then … I was never able to organise play dates because I was working. Of course weekends were different.
Dead grass appeared to slide and heave,
By the way, it was while filming at the Dakota that Mia's husband Frank Sinatra served her divorce papers. Tacky.
And it kind of annoys me because health and safety legislation is a good thing. A Very Good Thing. Without it our employers, big businesses and transport companies wouldn't owe us workers, shoppers, passengers - the little people - wouldn't need to perform any duty of care. Livliehoods are protected by health and safety regulations. Because of health and safety we are far more unlikely to have an electric shock in the office due to faulty wiring; construction workers are far less likely to have a serious accident due to no hard hats or safety harnesses; local council workers on the road are far more visible and therefore safe because of their hi-viz jackets.
The Alphabet of My Mother, Nacer Khemir, Tunisia. Drama, 34 min.
1 pinch vanilla powder or few drops of vanilla extract
has always been behind
and you done scratch that itch bitch!..
Here we had been in this mindset of scarcity all these months...closely guarding what was "ours"....but where was the giving? Where was the room for abundance to flow into our lives?
- You may receive a 3rd entry by blogging about this contest and leaving an additional comment with the link.
Muhyiddin said Lim’s statement, which compared the crime rates between Johor and Penang, was inaccurate as statistics had shown that the crime rate in all states had dropped by 15 per cent.
Remember, regurgitate. Remember, regurgitate.
I didn’t always know how to be biracial. There was a time in my middle school years where I was desperately trying to figure it out.
accessories: Stampin' Write Markers (Perfect Plum, Always Artichoke), Eyelet Ribbon Border punch, Square Lattice embossing folder, Color Spritzer Tool, Always Artichoke Seam Binding
Our children have no kites; for we have no wind to fly them, no money to buy them, and no sky. Our children take the road to the mosque and make their prayers. “Oh god, I do not want to take the same road again, not because I do not love you but because I want to take the road to school.” We will love life one day we will one day hope again without the fear of losing our nails.
If your book is in the Lending Library without your approval, we recommend that you:
Weakness to infiltrate terror networks…
Why can't I be as thin as her?
In Book a Week with Jen, Jen recovers from the worst year of her life by reading - everything from dating books written for men to foodie lit to running books to romance novels (and even an instruction guide to threesomes). Funny, inspiring, and full of essays about good books, Book a Week with Jen is how one writer used the power of reading to pull herself through to a brighter side."
Also, listen to Ryan Adams live from Das Haus Germany 17 Oct 2006. This live album is the prefect one to get lost in. It’s my hidden gem of a show.
Home schoolers free to teach own views on gays or abortion, Alberta government says
Of the four polishes featured today, I can only make a case for keeping three of them. I don't need both the Finger Paints and the Essie. Which to save? I like the Essie bottle better, but it needed three coats to Finger Paints' two. As Ursula the sea witch says, life is full of tough choices.
Then we got to Mexico.
I think the provision is very clear and when reading it I feel my privacy protected and not my freedom of speech threatened.
We forget that outside the ‘stage’ you call your life, is a whole wide world out there, waiting to be explored. We may not have the sufficient funds to travel around the globe, but whats stopping you from exploring your home town or a neighbour city? What’s stopping you from expanding mind and learning new ideas, lessons, and opinions. Like the song says, “every street is an adventure and every road is a trip.”
In this article, Baumeister explains where psychologists went wrong with self-esteem.
Bede, in his Ecclesiastical History of the English People, refers to a royal estate called Ad Murum near the Roman Wall where, in 653 AD, the King of the Middle Angles, Peada, and the King of the East Saxons, Sigeberht, were both baptised into the Christian faith by Bishop Finan, having been persuaded to do so by King Oswy of Northumbria. Historians have identified Ad Murum with Walbottle.
Barrett-Jackson produces “The World’s Greatest Collector Car Auctions™,” automotive and luxury lifestyle events centered on the auction sales of an amazing array of high-end and collector vehicles. There are four Barrett-Jackson auctions every year. The Las Vegas event wraps up the 2012 season.
"It is Friday afternoon and four referrals have been received in the dietetic office. What do you do?"
♦ When Bakajini’s Narwhal mocked Octocat’s laugh. Octocat continued to laugh for like 10 minutes. ← Reminds me of when on the news, I heard that a lady laughed all the way to the bank. Like LITERALLY! (Unless her house was 1 minute away from the bank xD )
and more!*Times
I was willing to give up some square footage in the family room – I actually wanted to go out a little further. But the guys didn’t want to take it too far out and now I know that was a good call. Overall the wall comes out about a foot more than it did before.
Always: It is SO worth going inside to get.
I wanted to write a post about the misconsception that people have regards Autumn and August. I have to admit then when I was younger, my friends and I all believed that August was the start of Autumn. Ok, the first two graphemes A and U are the same, but that is where it ends in reality. Everywhere you look you can still see summer. The fruit is still ripening, the sun is shining and the school holiday's have just begun for youngsters across the country. The leaves aren't turning brown just yet, and although the night's are beginning to draw in slightly, we can still be out in the garden until about 9pm.
"I found her repellent," Ed Asner told THR. "If she said the N-word, then she's sociopathic. I don't think she'll be missed. There are other Dr. Laura's out there who know how not to go too far."
No one goes to the dinner to see what kind of ridiculous get up Maureen Dowd of the New York Times is dressed in. They go to see the stars and we simply can’t have loose cannons like Valora and the Mercenaries driving our Hollywood friends away.
So I am proposing another holiday, like my American Heritage Day. We can call is Sleep Day, if Somnus Diem is too much for you. This could be a national event. Or at least a Houston-wide event. Sorry, everyone else, but to be honest I really don't care about you. It isn't your grouchy selves I have to put up with. I'm not saying a Sleep Day wouldn't be beneficial for, say, Pittsburgh, but I don't live in Pittsburgh so I don't care. You Houston people, though, are a surly bunch and could used the downtime.
That's why when a guest staying with us for 3 nights told us that she was a vegan, we prep'd up to 6 dishes for her. What she didn't expect was for me to get in a vegan beer for her...
How and when did he become so very big kiddish? He's supposed to start Kindergarten in the Fall. (Maybe. Yet another decision tree to research and decide upon.)
A stranger rides into the mining town of Lago, with Dee Barton’s eerie music and the heightened sound effects – the whistling wind and the wheezing of the stranger’s horse – creating a sense of foreboding. In the space of 15 minutes, the stranger shoots dead three gunfighters and has his way with the town floozy Callie Travers (Marianna Hill) in a barn.
network of professional references. You want references who are established in their career field, reliable, honest, and most important-they like you. This is why you don't burn bridges when exiting a job. Your best references are going to come from former supervisors or coworkers who wish they had you back working with them. Personal example: 2 out of 3 of my references were supervisors who attended my wedding. You need people who will have your best interests at heart.
I have a brand spanking new Wryn to show with you today! Yay! I'm loving Wryn in all her guises. This wee Wryn is called Super Spy.
*Father leaves room*
Aventine Press is a service organization. We provide the author who has decided to invest in his or her own work, the tools to bring it to fruition quickly, expertly and economically. Our services encompass everything you'll need, start to finish, in the book publishing process while making it an easy, step-by-step experience. It's both an extremely practical and efficient method for today's author to get into print with the best possible results.
Enter the screen name. What a great idea. Now you can be known as anything you like. I was recently sifting through my mailing list and wondered - Is jaguargirl a car fanatic or a catlike person? Is jonwonkonobie a Star Wars fan? Does the name karatemama tell you anything? Is ethel clinging to the past? Is directordan (who I know is not a real director) just want us to think he’s in charge? And what about gamecock? (I’m almost afraid to guess.) And hedgehogsdilemma? And dogears?
A few short years ago, I had Coldplay in my "makes my ears bleed, avoid at all costs" file along with Audioslave, Limp Bizkit, and what I consider to be the worst 3 songs in the world: that awful, awful song "Blinded By the Light" by Manfred Mann, "Carry On My Wayward Son" by Kansas, and "Tears of a Clown" by Smokey Robinson. I could probably do an entire post on just those 3 songs. And maybe I will at some point. But seriously, just thinking about all 3 songs at the same time is making my head want to explode, so back to the story at hand.
And for me, too….figuring out, studying, going places, tv remotes (!?!), tech use, computers… etc etc etc…
This sort of issue is to be addressed by the Journalists Association, not a Chief Minister. First LGE is a CEO wannabe in OZ, then takes on the role of Chairman of the Journalists Association (We know the Journalist’s Association is not able to act but this is selling that CM’s post short)? Stealing thunder from the Journalist’s Association by a CM? Thats what happens when a parachute CM is undemocratically and nepotistically INSTALLED rather than voted for by the Rakyat at a 66.6% quorum.
They can be a little more interesting for your yard, consider that you are trying to spend some quality time with your family. Create a comfortable atmosphere to ensure that as far as possible. Your yard, you can add some elements such as furniture, such as comfort, HGTV Home Exterior Designs do not forget to match them with the style of your home and keep. You need to paint the exterior landscape design. You do some online research you can find inspiration there. You can find examples and ideas of color combinations that you can use for your home. And if it is not enough, Exterior Home Designs Ideas you can consult an expert in home improvement. They can help to guide the design and improvement of the house more.
I love this time of year when there are NO editorials on blogs...just street style pics and runway screen shots from fashion week. Its amazing...and gets my fashion crotch all excited about what magazines and blogs will do with these clothings editorial wise for the rest of the season.
The group offered on Thursdays at 10am Central Standard Time will be from the Priorities series specifically focused on prayer. Without question, the person of Christ was the most influential person to ever walk the earth. Priorities is a new series focused on exploring the foundational principles Jesus lived and taught so you can apply them in your own youth ministry.
But that’s not how things turned out.
I did NOT make this costume, in case you had that crazy idea in your head. I got it awhile back for an amazing deal online. It was only $10 shipped! Amazing, right?! I just checked the site I got it from and they don't have it anymore. Probably because it was on clearance when I bought it. There's a bunch on ebay though.
I’m not going to try and tell you for a second that you should settle for anything less than the best, that is far from making a “great life grand”, but I was hoping you’d give me a moment to maybe make the journey to “firing your boss” or “attracting something better” a little easier.
I would like to say up front that I am not the most tax savvy or know-it-all in politics. But, I do know that a lot of families have been able to afford adoption by taking out loans on their home or through the amazing Lifesong or Abba Fund knowing they could get that money back eventually.
SANTORUM: Faith is a very, very important part of my life, but it’s a very, very important part of this country. The foundational documents of our country — everybody talks about the Constitution, very, very important. But the Constitution is the “how” of America. It’s the operator’s manual.
Sunday: rest
Refuse food when you are full.
Sticky Fingers Bakery's Salt-N-Peppa-inspired Cupcake really brought back memories of my friends and I singing along with their raps/songs. Actually, I still have fun listening to them.
This is evil writ large.
Austin Beerworks Fire Eagle IPA
And guess what???
However, tell me we have reservations and I swoon.
Sauté bacon in a 6-quart Dutch oven over med-low heat until the fat has rendered and it's cooked, 5-10 mins. Remove the bacon to a plate with a slotted spoon, increase the heat under the pot to medium, and add the ribs. Brown on both sides, 3 minutes per side. Remove the ribs to a plate and set aside. Add the carrot, onion, celery, and salt and sweat the vegetables for about 3 minutes. Add the split peas, garlic, bay leaf, thyme (sprigs tied together to be removed later), ham hock, cayenne pepper, black pepper, the ribs, and 2 1/2 quarts water. Simmer, skimming the foam that will rise to the surface as the water comes up to heat, until the peas and spare ribs are tender, 2-3 hours. Discard the bay leaf and thyme sprigs. Remove the hock from the soup. When it's cool enough to handle, pick the meat off it and add it back to the soup (discard the bone). To serve, divide the ribs among bowls and ladle the soup over them. Eat with abundant, crusty bread.
Here are some of my recipes: Just a note, when I say a pinch of stevia, I mean half of a scoop which is around 1/16th of a teaspoon. You can add more to suit your taste, but do it in very small increments.
For desserts, Hubby had the cold sweetened almond cream (RM8 which they overcharged me by RM2 again) which was slightly diluted compared to our last visit while I had the chilled mango cream with pomeli and vanilla ice cream(RM10) since they ran out of the lemongrass pudding that I wanted. Baby C had 1 scoop of vanilla ice-cream (RM3) while my parents shared the deep fried glutinous ball with sesame paste (RM6).
after a sporadic-turned-persistent cough that wouldn't go away,
For anyone that has done the name change game, you know how many places you have to change you name before it is official…
The verdigis iron hanger still has it's Big Lots tag on it for $3.99. I saved $3!
The word “perish” as used in this verse literally means “to cast off restraint.” It means that we choose to do our own thing and go our own way and follow our own ideas and inclinations. If that does not clearly define the present cultural context, I don’t knowwhat would. Few people take seriously the commands of Jesus, even though He commanded us to “teach all that I have commanded” and that if we loved him, we would keep all his commandments. Most of us are far more interested in pursuing ourown desires and fulfilling the plans that we have set for ourselves. We want to do whatever seems to be right for us, regardless of what the Bible says. We are far more interested in seeking our own pleasure than the pleasure of God.What I believe is being taught in this proverb is that people will go their own way, will throw off all restraints, will do whatever they choose to do when they refuse to listen to the Word of God. When they refuse to submit their lives to the message of God, they put themselves in very grave spiritual danger. In contrast, those who repent of their sins and submit their lives to the message of God find life and forgiveness, as we will seein the experience of the Ninevites. Now, I have shared this with you because I believe that it illustrates very powerfully thereason why we need to learn how to do inductive Bible study. If I was looking for aproof text of why our people (the Body of Christ) needed to have a vision of what God was doing inour midst and where He is taking us in the future, I might look up the word “vision” in a concordance. I would find this wonderful verse, “Without a vision, the people perish”and I could preach or teach that if we as a body do not have a vision for the future or a vision for the lost or a vision of what God intends His church to be, we will be heading down the road of spiritual decline and eventual death. This, however, while it is certainly a statement that could be supported by much evidence in churches that are ina decline mode, would not be supported by this verse of the Bible. It would be an example of deductive study – where I look in the text for evidence that supports my ideas and presuppositions. We can do this, and many people do, but it is not true to the biblical message that the original author intended to convey.What we must learn to do as believers is to approach the Scriptures with a desire to findout what the original author intended to convey, and this is known as inductive study. Itis looking at the text, observing all we can see in the text, looking for clues in the text itself that will unlock the meaning the author intended. It is not forcing on the text ourideas of what we think the passage means or what others have taught us the passage means. It is allowing the interpretation of the text to arise directly out of a long, patient observation of the text, and then interpretation will inform how that message should apply to our current context.
Thursday’s Movie Trivia of the day!‘How much movie trivia can you answer?What movie is this quote from
Hello Everyone....well, what are the chances....if you have tooth ache or crook tummy, you call the dentist or doctor and make an appointment....and then what happens...come on...you will know....the pain goes right...you wake up that day...and the pain has gone, you feel great, and think...shall I or shan't I...keep those appointments....well most of us do...now this morning, my PC is purring like a kitten..getting on blogs commenting, DT blogs...no problem..grrr....
I am goal-driven and competitive. But I knew I couldn’t run 3.1 miles. I panicked. How do I get out of this? I didn’t have an elegant way out, so I enlisted the help of a trainer I knew. I told him I need to make a decent showing at this 5k for professional reasons. It had nothing to do with my personal well-being. My credibility was at stake. I can’t be the face and champion of this event within the company and be the last one to finish the 5k? The trainer got me ready. Most importantly, he gave me confidence. He convinced me that I was an athlete. I believed him when he said I was ready.
"But do you mean it though?"
5. Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F/Gas Mark 4 . Cut and stamp your cookies. If baking in batches keep them refrigerated until you are ready to bake (to prevent spreading)
Some of my favorite modules are -
The campaign with a media budget of more than Rs 100 crore, to quote O&M executive chairman Piyush Pandey, is “all about enabling India” and “looks forward to the people of India not just appreciating Vedanta efforts, but getting inspired to do something on their own to make India a happier place.” With that lofty goal, Vedanta’s communications and brand director Senjam Raj Sekhar told the media that the MNC “opened up all its projects and locations to budding independent filmmakers”.
I'm SO excited to share this project with you today! Woot!
You name it, it has been declared off limits for us by snooty style guides, nosy relatives, even girlfriends who think they're doing you a favour. (Boy what a dull decade I would've had if I'd taken heed!)
For example, they had participants view images of artwork that are associated with reflective thinking (Rodin’s The Thinker) or more neutral images (Discobulus of Myron). Participants who viewed The Thinker reported weaker religious beliefs on a subsequent survey. However, Gervais and Norenzayan wondered if showing people artwork might have made the connection between thinking and religion too obvious. In their next two studies, they created a task that more subtly primed analytic thinking. Participants received sets of five randomly arranged words (e.g. “high winds the flies plane”) and were asked to drop one word and rearrange the others in order to create a more meaningful sentence (e.g. “the plane flies high”). Some of their participants were given scrambled sentences containing words associated with analytic thinking (e.g. “analyze,” “reason”) and other participants were given sentences that featured neutral words (e.g. “hammer,” “shoes”). After unscrambling the sentences, participants filled out a survey about their religious beliefs. In both studies, this subtle reminder of analytic thinking caused participants to express less belief in God and religion. The researchers found no relationship between participants’ prior religious beliefs and their performance in the study. Analytic thinking reduced religious belief regardless of how religious people were to begin with.
Continual improve…ing…Yeah. That’s life. And no one should be lazy. YOLO! So do everything that you possibly can! And use your time on Earthy wisely! Help other people! Be loving and courteous and rise to the top! (But you don’t have to bring others down with you.)
Francois and Lisa (Lan Thi)”
Well, finally a sweet chit chat and a professional scrutiny of the documentation. He is good at it as he is good at seeking opportunity for 'free lunch or stay' through contacts. By now we are cursing ourselves for being indulged in an affair with the public sector institution and pray and literally get ready to "pay" what ever it takes to get us out of the affair. And, a 10 minutes meeting gets extended to 1 hr 30 minutes gup shup.
Our fourth course is fish, a moist fillet of hapuka cooked slowly in squid ink. The "fried egg" is the cutest thing in this dish, made up of cauliflower puree topped with a spoonful of miso paste. The cannelloni are filled with chicken and prosciutto, hovering on a mound of plump Coorong pipis and slippery curls of raw squid.
I rounded up some inspiration, and I am headed off in search of some thrifty supplies. Has anyone made one of these? Any tips, tricks or ideas?
The dining room where I will be a guest on this next trip to Bar le Duc
RAND chief Frank Collbohm opposed Wohlstetter because his ideas ran counter to those of the Air Force, not to speak of the fact that he had backed John F. Kennedy instead of Richard Nixon for president in 1960 and then compounded his sin by backing Robert McNamara for secretary of defense over the objections of the high command. Worse yet, Wohlstetter had criticized the stultifying environment that had begun to envelop RAND.
About an hour later, my intestine still feels as if it’s going to revolt against me for forcing my stomach to digest a McRib.
Julian Comstock: A Story of the 22nd-Century America originates from the novella Julian: A Christmas Story, which has been expanded into a rich personal life of a man who is something of a folk hero to some and a villain to others. The world of the 22nd century is still in the process of rebuilding itself after the collapse of technology and the rise of oceans with a decimated population amid the end of oil. The United States still exists although in different form. The 22nd century is now more like the 19th with a strong civil war era feel and lot of train travel. The United States, which now encompasses Canada as well, is fighting with the Mittleuropean block who are horning in on what was formerly North Eastern Canada.
Growing up, we went camping for 2 weeks every summer. We slept in tents, hiked and fished all day, bathed in the streams and sat by the fire at night telling ghost stories and eating s'mores!
Quiet. "Mum ?"
Stewart was referring to some of ShopNBC’s good news: It has renewed three distribution deals.
I woke up early in the morning, it was around 5.30.
Sitting on the pier with her cousin Virginia, watching the storm clouds gather, Dinah dreams of getting out. She wants to marry a gentleman and move into town. Anything is better than living out here in the back of beyond. The skies open up and they make a dash for shelter, joined by a young man who follows them out of the rain. Virginia is smitten with Zach, the handsome blue-eyed river rat, while Dinah gives him the cold shoulder.
When I came home I was determined. I thought I can do this. And M had said that I deserve the truth, that I have a right to find out. So I wrote an email to my aunt. I told her about my curiosity that had awakened within me, I asked her if she could tell me more about my grandparents. Where they were born, what they worked with etc. And I told her that my mother wont say anything because she says she can't remember. And I asked her does she know why she says she can't remember?
Ryan & AJ's lunches: Spongebob macaroni w/Daiya cheese in a Thermos; raspberries; mini banana apple blueberry muffin; meatless meatballs; blanched spinach w/shoyu.
When we got up past hwy 7 there was snow!
Holy cats I have waste problems!!!
This year's race was much better attended. 197 total finishers out of 213 starters. (Last year, we had 43 starters). The main reason was the addition of the 20 and 10-mile events.
so far My plans for tommorrows are Dinner Some good restaurant with some closest friends of mine then MAYBE go check out the cinema and watch a movie i guess, will see !
M5: 10:12
Meanwhile, in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine the egg whites, vanilla, cream of tartar, and salt. When the syrup reaches 230 degrees F, start to whisk the egg whites on low speed. When it reaches 246 degrees F, immediately remove the syrup from the heat and whisk in the softened gelatin until no lumps remain. Pour the syrup through a fine mesh sieve into another pan or a heatproof bowl.
And don't forget about your tailgate tent. Add some team spirit with these fabric banners. They are a great alternative to paper. If they get rained on, no big deal, they will dry. And the best part... you can use them over, and over, and over again!
Genres: Action/Adventure/Thriller
It was my great good fortune this summer to have one of my youngest sisters move to Kelowna with her husband and 2 adorable boys. I haven't got to spend a lot of time with just me and them but I managed it recently when I 'sent' Sarah on the homeschooling ski date to 'look after' my teenage children... Knowing my nephews fairly well, I planned action packed days for them. This time our day started with a farm tour of recent additions. Here they are with the wee brown ewe lamb.
(Note to the students, if you need more quotes for your site: I think this move is shockingly short-sighted. The University of Florida is moving backwards while the rest of the world moves ahead.)
23, rue de Sévigné, 75003
This week, two display ads actually caught my attention:
I really liked the amnesia part of the story. I loved how his whole attitude a full one eighty and makes his family confused and praying that he doesn’t change back. I liked it because I kinda assumed that amnesia blocks your memory not changes your attitude but it makes sense how that would happen. Courtney’s amnesia changes not only his life but the lives of those around them, for the better.
As for the jobs, it's not at all clear how many people have been hired from the Fort Greene projects and how many of those jobs are on the $55/hour track.
Lewis presents a beautiful and thought-provoking imaginary anthropological analysis of the cultures on Mars. There is one particular scene in this book that makes me cry every time I read it.
Anyway, this phenomenon got me thinking about this blog, and how I don’t want it to just be about music (seeing how it’s turning out now). I want it to be more relevant to the other sides of me as well.
For Review:
This guy must have lost his mind. Why in the world would he post something like this??
Disclosure: Officers, directors and/or employees of Zacks Investment Research may own or have sold short securities and/or hold long and/or short positions in options that are mentioned in this material. An affiliated investment advisory firm may own or have sold short securities and/or hold long and/or short positions in options that are mentioned in this material.
Carl Jung believed that every person who came to him over thirty-five essentially brought a spiritual concern, regardless of the presenting problem. There is something new that usually begins to happen in mid-life: a sense of finitude, a sorting out of what is and isn’t important in life, a fresh spiritual search or appreciation.
This week's featured bird is the yellow warbler. Warblers migrate through this area at this time of year. Most are heading up to Canada or at least northern Minnesota but the yellow warblers stick around through the summer.
As I’m sure you’re well aware
I truly hope this country can move forward and move beyond lumping people under one umbrella cause, religion, ethnicity, or color, thereby assigning them the same characteristics, tendencies, and deciding who they are without learning more about them as individuals. I truly do.
Martin Methodist is an NAIA member that competes in the TranSouth Athletic Conference.
belt: Target
Even the African-Americans and Jews who are themselves part of loud political groups advocating for some modern notion of “justice,” I would surmise, privately wince at specious conscriptions of their narratives. Thus, for example, have many African-Americans (and others) chafed at the blithe comparison of the modern gay rights movement to the 1960s civil rights movement. Gays “may want to cast their fight in civil-rights terms, and a lot of people are buying it. But not the faith community and especially not the black community,” says Bishop Harry Jackson, whose Hope Christian Church has a flock of 3,000 in the Washington, D.C. area.
Oh Danny boy, the pipes, the pipes are calling
My Aussie e-friend at e-Learning Provocateur has posted a collection of blog sites for advancing one’s knowledge. As writers, we are a curious lot who love to learn new things, so we can incorporate those things into stories.
Perhaps such detailed comparisons are reading too much into what is simply a fresh perspective on Pasternak’s original Russian text. But then Zhivago is, as was his creator, a poet and a complex person whose story lends itself to poetic prose that brings to life the various layers of his persona and the psyche that lies behind it.
"You know, they think I'm the janitor." My dad said to me and smiled. I was shocked, why??
Yes, call a week later. Got the paperwork. We have 4 weeks to send you the paperwork after it is approved. Umm... when will it get approved? They have 25 days to approve it. Sigh...
Like I say, this stuff is all over the place. There are those who are constantly trying to get beyond the biases. They question conventional wisdom, they try to work out ways to equalize things, they think about the game in different ways. For them (for us) that's fun and fascinating and joyful. Meanwhile, there are those who think that those efforts to equalize baseball are just silly and pointless, it's a quest that can never lead to any real answers, it's a quest that takes joy away from baseball. For them (for us) baseball is meant to be enjoyed, like art.
Dr. Rohmer was not amused. He gave Mrs. Olinski a capsule lecture on what multiculturalism really means.
At least one person at the meeting, former Fort Greene Association chairman Howard Pitsch, expressed support for the project, stating he was encouraged to learn, via a Courier-Life article, of Forest City Ratner’s “very good” track record hiring minority- and women-owned businesses.
like the above.
The dullness at the windows
Well it’s been a very rainy day today, it’s absolutely lashing down outside!
Why didn’t Hart himself come forward and call the then Opposition liars….and what does Prakash Ramadhar and Vernon de Lima have to say in light of these revelations because they were the pair that spearheaded that “sting operation” of documentation linking Calder and Sherrine Hart to Sunway?
The ugly:
Don't smoke inside. Polluted air doesn't necessarily cause allergies, but it does irritate the nose and lungs. This can increase the likely-hood of suffering from allergy symptoms.
Yes, The ice cream man of Kensington.
Technically speaking, April 15th is tax day. But for Americans who expect a refund – including many homeowners who want to cash in on real estate-related tax perks – filing sooner holds the promise of getting that check in hand, stat.
The squeeze often continues after they begin their undergraduate degree. A Pakistani survey of medical students showed that 63% felt stressed by ‘high parental expectations.’
Chris notices some changes in himself but doesn't know who to talk to. He's alienating his best friends. His family thinks he's crazy. Then Chet approaches him and promises help if he will help them in stopping the vampire lord. All he really wants is to be normal, but unfortunately, he's becoming a vampire.
My husband, James & I have been married now for 4 years & have 2 little ones, Rhys 3 & Anwyn 1. I love to cook & love to try new dishes, so decided to share with the world what happens in my kitchen. I hope you enjoy!
Mixed race couples are presented as role models to our children. Does anyone really believe that a woman, such as Cheryl Cole, who's tiny chin and huge forehead make her resemble nothing so much as a praying mantis, would have reached such an elevated celebrity status had she not jumped into bed with a black football player and thus become the nation's sweetheart?
I thought that was lovely and just wanted to share it with you. Here’s to a happy Tuesday!
Claude Monet
They didn't try to wrap themselves up in a pretty little package to draw me in.
XO
The mouthfeel is light to medium, dry yet somehow juicy, sour but not puckering. The 5.7% abv is hardly noticeable, making it both quaffable and quenchable. Overall, another winner from Uinta.
“Christ is Lord.”
Dysart slowly uncovers what made him like that. There was a tension between his fathers atheism and harsh application of discipline and his mother's religious fanaticism and over indulgence. There was an early erotic experience riding a horse on a beach on holiday as a boy; a sexual entanglement with a girl who worked at the local riding school. Dysart discovers that the boy lives in a secret world developed his own private religion and worships a god called Equus. He goes out secretly and holds rituals riding the horse and flagellating himself at night and having an orgasmic frenzy. The primitive psychic energy of this invented god fascinates the psychologist – the figment of a disturbed adolescent imagination.
I used: LOTV image
Place almonds in blender and grind to a fine powder. Add 1 cup of water and blend. Add additional cup of water and blend until smooth milk. You could add rice syrup to sweeten if needed.
Counting almost 14 years of friendship now… How do you say goodbye to that? Lady Amalia was a legend, always, so I won’t say that a legend was born today. Neither did a legend die. She will always be here, simply because I don’t think that her gentle nature, her extraordinary talent and her remarkably personality failed to leave it’s mark on anyone she came across.
With White: Tail
The randomly chosen winners from our last Candy draw are:
I had so much fun at this show...the characters were hilarious and heartwarming at the same time. The music was AMAZING...because, really, hair metal in the context of a broadway musical is just sooo much better. By the time the last number rolled around, the whole audience was dancing in the aisles along with the performers....now how often does that happen at the theatre?
After spending an hour or so slowly circling the pond and tallying a few more species, the group headed off to Quarai, another good spot this time of year.
It's no wonder that the Internet is bursting with promotional services, marketing companies, publicity gurus, and book promotion self-help advice from authors who've been there, done that. Options range from staggeringly expensive (a good publicist can run you five figures) and rapaciously overpriced (AuthorHouse's Trifecta Review Service charges $3,000 for a set of reviews that would cost you around $1,200 if you purchased them separately yourself), to free (social media); and from helpful (the growing army of book bloggers), to dubiously effective (press releases, to which no one paid much attention even before the book market became so crowded, and vanity radio, which is likely to reach only a tiny audience), to simply absurd (such as Outskirts Press's Celebrity Endorsement Option, where you pay $109 to obtain contact information for 5 celebrities of your choosing, who will then ignore you).
EXTRA TIP Did you know that baby carrots we buy in the grocery store aren't 'young' carrots or even 'small' carrots at all? Instead, they are commercial carrots that start with huge carrots that are ground into the bullet-shaped carrots credited with increasing carrot consumption by manyfold in the last decade or so. Like many, I like them for snacking. But when it comes to cooking carrots, choose whole carrots. The trimming and peeling process will take a few minutes but for real carrot flavor, there's no comparison.
17. We Are Alive
The Pell Grant is for students who can prove that they need assistance to pay for school. It is awarded based on financial need and can be used towards education at a vocational or technical school in addition to regular colleges and universities. Pell Grants do not have to be repaid.
Illustration: Patrick Morgan for the ObserverAbout two years ago, Whistles was invited by the landlords who own most of Covent Garden to look at their plans for the area. At that time, if you lived in London, you wouldn’t really go down to Covent Garden: it was old scrappy shops full of tourists and the market didn’t quite know what it was doing. But the landlords showed us what they wanted to do: the covered market was going to be for small perfume and jewellery stores; there would be an outer ring of prime real estate for stores like Apple and Burberry; fashion would be down Long Acre. They were going to bring in a big restaurant from New York, Balthazar, and a boutique hotel. They had a brand director whose job was to attract the right mix of brands for the right parts of the scheme. It was an amazing plan.
The police, in recent years, have developed a reputation for ignoring yobbery and bullying, or even for taking the yobs’ side against complainants.
Now let’s look again at how they handle the teaching of Popes Leo XIII, Pius XII, and John Paul II that the Bible doesn’t contain information about “the essential nature of the things of the visible universe” or “details of the physical world”. It’s important at the outset to establish just who bears the burden of proof. Remember that I’m arguing that Catholics are free to embrace any of a number of cosmological views. It’s Bob who seeks to restrict Catholic thought to only one, geocentrism, and to argue that this is the official teaching of the Catholic Church. This means that when confronted with magisterial texts that prima facie give freedom to a Catholic to embrace something other than geocentrism, it’s Bob’s burden to prove that those magisterial texts can’t be interpreted to give such freedom, that they can only be interpreted to restrict this freedom of thought.
Now, here's one especially for Iain Banks: the USA and the UK initiate a war in Iraq in which more than 100,000 Iraqi civilians are killed. But Israel thinks it's exempt from the demands of common humanity.
(We can immediately see that Robinson received the maximum sentence for the lowest tier of the offence.)
Some of your footprints even the tide cannot wash away,
The Grocery Code Adjudicator Bill, which was an idea originally suggested by Plaid Cymru back in 2004, with its provision for an ombudsman, should benefit the thousands of people working within the agricultural sector. While this is an excellent if fairly belated idea, the ombudsman will only work if the Bill ensures that said Ombudsman has some real powers over the milk industry.
Yesterday, the first of the five funerals was held. The sight of the friends and supporters there must have been amazing. The newspaper reports a "loud" funeral procession. I would imagine the roar of the bikes was music to the ears of the riders. Perhaps the sound drowned out the other sounds, but this time, I bet the non-cyclists didn't mind.
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
He is everywhere.
I used My Minds Eye ~ Miss Caroline ~ Dilly Dally collection kit for this layout, the colours matched perfectly with the yellows in the cake and table cover!
I’ve met and interviewed tons of celebrities in my career, but I’ve always been a big Billy Joel fan and I met him at a sushi bar on Columbus Avenue many years ago when I was living in New York City. He was extremely nice and polite and I think he’s one of the most talented singer/songwriter/musicians ever.
On the eve of her birthday, after the Bug had gone to bed, the three adults (Nana, Daddy, and Mommy) spent time wrapping gifts and decorating her bedroom door. We took some simple red balloons and a permanent marker and created some adorable ladybug balloons. We also made a couple signs to help announce her special day.
2. The one or two tanda rule: Unless you plan on saying, "sleeping with me is an option," do not dance more than two tandas in a row. Make it one -- even better. Thank each other and get off the floor at the cortina. If you really liked dancing, make it clear that you would like another dance later on. Fellow blogger, Terpsichoral, tells me that in Buenos Aires one clears the floor, and that dancing more than one tanda is rare. Hmm, I wonder why! Buenos Aires is full of Tomcats, she says, but that's okay because the women know how to manage these furry creatures. Exactly my point! I am not out to neuter Tango Tomcats, just help communities neutralize them!
The Artist’s Guide to Success in the Music Business is a detailed analysis of the subjects that all musicians should understand and apply in order to pursue a successful and sustainable career in music. Called one of the best music industry books of today by critics, this music business guide is full of ideas and practical advice. This Music Industry book provides comprehensive detail on how to optimize success and achieve sustainability and self-empowerment in today’s music business. From production and performance to marketing and career-building, this music business book instructs artists on how to take the hard-earned lessons of a fellow musician and put them to work in their own careers.
Min 5: “I don’t think I should’ve capitalized Mom in that last minute thought. PEOPLE KNOW MY GRAMMAR IS TOILET LEVEL. THEY CAN FEEL IT and that’s why they’re not reading this post. Mom? Mom, help! That’s when you capitalize Mom when it’s used like a name, jackass.”
Today, I've got a seriously awesome cover to share with you guys... one for a book that I have been drooling over since I first heard about it, and definitely one that is at the very top of my 2012 Holy Crap WANT list.
Detzner is a graduate of Florida State University and earned his Associate in Arts degree from what was then St. Petersburg Junior College in 1973.
Now you are ready to start spraying (more on that tomorrow).
And give no more, Our money to Strasbourg,
"Hey, Cindy and I are going camping this weekend, do you two wanna go?"
We lived in a new neighborhood on the edge of town. Marsha's house had been there before mine was built, and she'd reminisce about when it used to be a farm, and they had horses, cows and a lion. We could venture out of town just by going beyond the end of the back yard. It was a wild and wonderful wild place, singing with frogs, birds and fireflies, and fragrant with milkweeds, grass, and wildflowers. I remember when Marsha took me on a botanical tour of the untamed wilderness. She showed me how to open a milkweed pod, but you had to be careful, because they could slam back shut and take off your fingertip. We walked through some golden-rod "And these are the Ickle Ockle bushes - they move around when you're not watching - LOOK" And I looked behind me, and, sure enough one had already moved behind me, about to close in, and do - what? Close call. I was amazed that she knew the names of all the wild plants. Pointing to the rag-weed - These are so poisonous, if you just touch them, you'll get lockjaw, and you won't be able to talk, to tell anybody what's wrong with you, so they'll just take you to the hospital and give you shots, and maybe you'll die"
On Saturday I took part in 'Chris Doris: 10 Poets Observe in Silence,' in the Hugh Lane Gallery in Dublin. There was a piece about it in the Sunday Tribune yesterday and a photo of us all in the round. This is the most challenging, and yet most rewarding, piece of art I have contributed to in a long time.
And a quick comparison of ArkivMusic.eu with Presto reveals that if I were to buy the first two Handel items I saw, it would be about €7 cheaper via Presto - and Presto's not the cheapest site around, either.
I can't say Lucky was a friend to many because she snapped at almost everyone she didn't know well. In this regard, she epitomized the old adage about the risks of petting strange dogs, but Lucky always had a sweet, docile disposition around me. I’m a little embarrassed to admit this, but it made me feel special to be let inside her very small bubble of confidants. I’m going to miss her.
There will be people who gossip about you and even look down on you for being you. These are universal ways that lower energies have of keeping you from fully activating your power. It’s not the people. It’s the energy they buy into.
In everything you do,
Skid Row- 18 and Life
Author: John Flanagan
Let me explain. Like a kid procrastinating until the very last minute to finish a school project, I frantically searched Pinterest and Google for "easy roman shade tutorials" hoping to find something that didn't require me to go shopping for more materials and wouldn't require hours of labor and understanding hard to follow instructions (I'm not very good at following instructions. Just look back to Day 1 of the challenge, where I started three days before everyone else). Since my window is frosted, privacy is not an issue. I didn't need a functioning shade. All I needed was a "faux roman".
Reaching down to the starless heavy sea in the pitch-black night,
While little video footage exists of this rare gathering of the tribes, a four minute film was made by Bob Colover, who captured shots of the devotees along with the Dead, Family, and Lord Sutch. Following are still pictures from that video footage.
-numerous 2 cup containers of the most delicious chicken stock!
We compiled all of our best Mother’s Day activities from the previous years and added them to this post! We hope you can find something to use with your students this year!
 Healthy confidence
Number one on my travel bucket list is living in a place (or hopefully several different places) for months at a time. I want to settle in, get to know the local people. Break bread and drink wine with them, maybe sing and dance in the street with them if the opportunity arises. (We did this in San Miguel when we crashed a wedding parade but that’s a different post entirely.) I want to become part of their community. Which got me thinking about what really makes a community and how it kinda feels like we have lost that special connection, at least in this country. We’ve moved away from family and old friends and scattered across the country and around the world. Many of us are yearning for the warm fuzzy feeling that being part of a community used to mean so we create unique “families” and go about trying to bloom where we are planted.
Rel managed to keep from saying Rissad's claim was impossible. He repeated the mantra in his head. What we know is that we know nothing. Except, remembered Clearsight robbed him of even the grace of ambiguity. Recalling what he'd seen before looking over the edge with the trained precision of his memory, Rel saw all too easily the colossal strains running silently through the rock of the Abyss walls. Forces alien to gravity twisted the far side, as if the hand of God were trying to break off half the world like a lump of toffee.
That is, until the last two batches. We were in need of some sanitizer, so Justin Picked up some One Step, which is a no-chlorine sanitizer. While I've seen no difference between the two except for the smell, I may opt for the One Step in the future, and have also thought about venturing into the world of iodophor.
At the end, Webber brought out Sarah Brightman, the original Christine, and the 5 Phantoms (including the original Phantom, Michael Crawford) who had played throughout the years on stage. It was breathtaking. If I was in the audience, I would have definitely joined the viewers in a standing ovation. SO much emotion and sexiness (I love when the Phantom urges Christine to sing for him. Such a hot scene!)
My prayer today is for acceptance. Acceptance is peace. Knowing that we are responsible, gives us strength and motivation to improve. All can be done through Jesus Christ. He is here for all of us. Amen!
¼ tsp ginger ground
Test by placing drop or three of jam onto frozen plate and waiting ten seconds. If it wrinkles and appears jam-like when poked questioningly with the tip of a finger, it's done.
This scene leads directly into an equally dismal date with Peter, as Pat takes Hilda over to her place for the night, while Peter and Sylvia go out for Chinese food. The couple obviously has nothing to talk about, and the grim atmosphere of this empty Chinese restaurant — the only other customer is a solitary man who stares sinisterly at the couple all night — only adds to the miserable mood. Peter argues with the abrupt, rude waiter, who seems to be in a hurry despite the empty restaurant, and who gets mad when they try to order by the name of the dish rather than the numbers on the menu. To top it all off, Peter reveals himself as cheap, ordering dishes for the two of them to split rather than letting Sylvia order her own food. Leigh's feel for subtle mise en scène reveals itself towards the end of this sequence, when, as the couple prepares to leave, the waiter stands in the background, shuffling through the meager change left behind as a tip and casting dirty looks at Peter.
This year Dark and White had organised a series of midweek mini mountain marathons. Ray and I missed the first two rounds but managed to get together for round three, a two hour score event starting from Monsal Head in the Peak District.
When he came home, I told him that he owed me 50 cents, because he left the lights on in his sink area and the bathroom. It didn't really bug him. "I'll pay you when I go to bed, because I'll be near my money."
targets, their dark sheen-spokes
Waddayamean that was yesterday?
Keep in mind that the Marlins already had a shortstop in All-Star Hanley Ramirez, who likely will be forced to shift over to third base. If Ramirez cooperates with a move to third and doesn’t demand a trade, the Marlins shouldn’t have any problems offensively in 2012. Miami also has a talented young outfield duo of Logan Morrison (23 HRs, 72 RBIs in 2011) and Mike Stanton (34 HRs, 87 RBIs in 2011)
by Todd Foust and Jennifer McNamara
My current project is from the book 'Vampire Knits', its the Lore Hoodie. In the photo it looks pink, but it's not. It's red. Aptly, blood red. I've got this fab black and red fur yarn that I will use to trim the garment. It's a project I call 'wishful knitting' as I hope to fit into it later as it's a couple of sizes smaller than I am now! I've successfully lost over 20lbs these past couple of months, so I believe it is achievable.
Ghost 1: Hey man, how’s it going?
the photos come from an interior design site freunde von freunden, publishing pictures of the houses of hip berliners. airy, clean, filled with light. very inspiring, I think.
I let you fall into the shadow
With every day which passes, it looks as if settling the secured creditor might be the only target achievable, and that depends on the validity of the floating charge and of any assignations, transfers or revisals thereto.
We designed this study to explore the effects of repeat play on litigation behavior, contributing to a literature on the economics of civil procedure as well as the substance of patent law. But what we found was dramatic and unexpected: The patents and patentees that occupy the most time and attention in court and in public policy debates – the very patents that economists consider the most valuable – are astonishingly weak. Non-¬practicing entities and software patentees almost never win their cases. That may be a good thing, if you believe that most software patents are bad or that NPEs are bad for society. But it certainly means that the patent system is wasting more of its time than expected dealing with weak patents. And it also suggests that both our measures of patent value and our theories of litigation behavior need some serious reconsideration. Read/download "Patent Quality and Settlement among Repeat Patent Litigants" (link)
So I suppose I shied away from them, initially, simply because pies weren't a top priority.
Cricut Expression and New Arrivals cart
In the case of antagonism, argue Laclau and Mouffe, ‘we are confronted with a different situation: the presence of the ‘Other’ prevents me from being totally myself. The relation arises not from full totalities, but from the impossibility of their constitution.’ 40 In other words, the presence of what is not me renders my identity precarious and vulnerable, and the threat that the other represents transforms my own sense of self into something questionable. When played out on a social level, antagonism can be viewed as the limits of society’s ability to fully constitute itself. Whatever is at the boundary of the social (and of identity), seeking to define it also destroys its ambition to constitute a full presence: ‘As conditions of possibility for the existence of a pluralist democracy, conflicts and antagonisms constitute at the same time the condition of impossibility of its final achievement.’[4] We must push to the edges of those boundaries and burst through. To invent through the openings that have been created via the intense accumulation of otherness on the fringes of society. “Antagonism is discursively constituted”[5] and was made evident through the conversation surrounding each piece within the art gallery and the pieces throughout the city as well.
One of my key beliefs is that anything is possible. In fact this is the belief that lays the foundation for me to be able to coach people to achieve their goals and realise their dreams,
And because we have his correct birthdate now, we were able to find new (to us) pictures of him!!
-Brian
“You remembered. I knew you’d call.”
The episode as a whole wasn’t particularly awful, but this one moment elevated the enjoyment to new heights.
I often wonder what I did with myself before the internet as I’m sure many others do, but I ask it now more than ever as a homeowner. With this blog, I’ve enjoyed ‘meeting’ other people in similar situations, trying to tart up their homes. They’ve given me inspiration, tips and sometimes, praise.
The idea of poetic truth sounds oxymoronic to our modern ears. To understand Socrates and his unique innovation in the history of ideas, we must venture into the strangeness. Socrates was at war with the paradigm of poetic truth. To appreciate Socrates and what he achieved, we must understand how his philosophical wisdom challenged poetic truth and defeated it.
The little envelope in the back is for the card
“Least those layabouts are here for us.”
I thought that the writing in this novel was very good. The descriptions of the castle and the surrounding landscape were beautiful and vivid. I felt that I was being transported to the tranquil peace of the countryside and, in the section where Cassandra travels to London, to the hustle and bustle of the city. I also liked the fact that this novel is written as diary entries. Not only does it make the book more realistic, but it also draws the reader into the story.
2. In them that hope in His mercy
Lindsay Laricks » Owner, Fresher than Fresh Snow Cones
“Sometimes,” he answered.
Celebrities with a oval face shape: Charlize Theron and Beyonce Knowles.
Student engagement in current events is already flagging, according to Massen. “I think people are more interested on what’s on their Facebook newsfeed than in the actual news,” she says.
The Nerdery is famous in the Twin Cities as a great place to work and play. So when nerds take time out to fire up the grill and invite the neighborhood over to see the new expanded headquarters, it’s a fun time to say the least. The retro theme referred to a bunch of games brought out of storage: what Angry Birds??? For Shareology it broke down into games, shirts and photo booth — and away we go!!
Seedling care
Through TV screens, cinemas, DVDs even the music they listen to and the “popular” internet sites they visit an alternative reality is projected to them which complements and bolsters the fake reality which was taught to them in school.
“You’re a bad guy, man,” Meyer said. “You’re a bad guy.”
Seeing my siblings and parents and other relatives and watching our kids begin their memory-making as a big family.
we'll see how it goes.
BAHASA TRANSLATION :
By Mel Evans, AP
We’ve all been hurt from time to time, and this can easily lead to feelings of anger, resentment and sorrow.
Cop busted smuggling drugs
1 remembering
It promised to give natural, olive-toned tan and won't gather at ankles or elbows.
May this season of light and love bless each and everyone one of you and your families!
On second thought…I think I’ll have the lights out and have him fumble around for the goodies. But, that's later. Right now? I’m going to lie down and put ice on my mons pubis. And in my next life…I’m going to come back as a hairless Norwegian.
'And guess what they were,' he told me later. 'The entire collection of Miss Marples.'
This tutorial was published last Tuesday on Infarrantly Creative. Thank you so very much Beckie for the opportunity to guest blog. Have you seen Beckie's blog? It is a must read!
William Stout
I decided I wanted to do something with my slightly hoardish collection of mirrors that I had gathered from various places the past year. Most of the mirrors were from thrift stores with the exception of one that I bought at a country auction in Arizona.
Transfer the popcorn to two large heatproof bowls (try not to add any unpopped kernels, if some remain in the bottom of the pot). You want to leave yourself plenty of room to toss the popcorn with the caramel, so don't fill the bowls to the top. Add the peanuts to the popcorn and toss to combine.
4. (new) Mysterious Girlfriend X (episodes 1-4) – I am so happy I decided to pick this up. This is, like, the romance anime I’ve always wanted. I’ll write a proper post on why I love it sometime in the future.
Asset Disregard - Most people rely on Medicaid for help on their land. This land is typically designated as a migratory bird spot, there is no hunting allowed until the north dakota indian artifact and this is real entertainment. You do not have double fun by having a cruise in Lewis and Clark Riverboat. This boat has a lot of fun, and if you have secured the north dakota indian artifact and credentials, you will need to consider refinancing. Other reasons include the north dakota indian artifact a particular area, you can also check out the north dakota indian artifact and cons of long terms and short term loans, and much more. Tickets are $10.00 for adult passes to regular events and $15.00 to special events. Events include; Modifieds, Stock cars, North Star Hobby, Bombers and Enduro. Special events such as Demolition Derbies and Enduro Races are held throughout the north dakota indian artifact. The track's season starts in April and runs to the environment.
But nothing happened to Dizaei, protected as he was by the shield of spurious anti-racism. On another occasion, he drove into the station and parked so carelessly that he blocked the exit of the emergency response vehicles.
So, what’s your answer from yesterday’s post? How do we expect to change when we don’t put in the time and effort?
4. Pay as you go ICT services
Halfway expecting this little chickadee to cry, I was kinda shocked when she asked me if I wanted a cut.
I printed the sentiment onto Soft Stone cardstock, stamped and colored Miss Marmie, then added a strip of Echo Park Dots & Stripes paper. I do hope you'll play along in the challenge, or any of the HYCCT challenges!
That these diverse tones do more than cover our bones
Island of Dreams
We have made some more inspiration from the latest release for you, and like always the designteam have done a terrific job!
- Plate of Ham, Baked Beans, Carrots, Broccoli, Deviled Eggs
To store: Layer cookies between waxed paper in an airtight container; cover. Store at room temperature for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 3 months.
In a final effort to find relief, I slowly and awkwardly dragged my favourite supportive lawn chair from the garage to outside and positioned it under the young cherry tree that I had planted three years ago. With a soft creamy pashmina wrapped around my shoulders, I climbed into the chair and reclined back and watched as the speckled sun cast it's beautiful glow through the dancing shade of the cherry tree leaves that were silently casting their shadows upon my body.
Frankfurt does tend to make New York a little quiet this week.
So, listen here.
I am sure most if not all of you have heard of Garla Darling, (swoons) gosh I do love everything about her, lol!
in sharp, inexorable drops
Scotch.
Defender Andy Griffin has joined Reading on loan for the rest of the season. Griffin has never really recovered his palce in the side after ‘Bitchslapgate’ with Ricardo Fuller at the West Ham game back in December 08. Good luck to him as he a been a good player for Stoke down the years.
There are nuggets of architectural history laced throughout the book, owing to Morrone’s specialty. He is the author of An Architectural Guidebook to Brooklyn and has written about the architectural history of New York City for publications including The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal. (He also wrote the historical society’s Park Slope guidebook from this same series.)
My ancestors crossed the oceans wide to come to Australia braving the oceans’ hazards, health risks on board, and a new world. We can’t really imagine what they went through, cheek by jowl in the sleeping quarters, mixed with people of other nationalities and even counties, with whom they’d had no exposure prior to the emigration depot with all its own challenges. Just imagine the Babel, or babble, of the different dialects, including Gaelic, Irish, and English regional accents. Then put them all together on one small ship (averaging around 600 tons in the 1850s) and expect them to negotiate their mess arrangements and sleep in a hammock with others so close. Throw in the wild seas, anxiety and excitement about their future lives, and the potential for boredom and its surprising there wasn’t more dissension.
I felt so sorry for our youth speaker . . . . only 3 takes and he got it down. MAN, I'm glad I didn't have to speak yesterday in church! I did, however get to play the piano for choir and the organ for the opening hymn . . . . so if you see any videos about Mormonism in the news, look for me! Look for Lincoln, myself and McKay in congregations also . . . .
So the Psalmist (103):
Really enjoyed doing this stuff because it was totally new and was interesting too!
Always a center of political activity, in November 1908 the Driskill became the best place in town to spend Election Night. It was then that election officials started projecting results from the hotel onto a wall opposite by means of a magic lantern-type device called a “stereo-opticon.”
If we want to revive cities, and not just help cities already on the upswing, if we want to bring New Urbanism to the Detroits, Baltimores, and New Havens and not just the Seattles, Portlands, and Denvers, New Urbanists need to bring industrial policy into their worldview.
"Bones, muscles, movement I surrender now; anxiety, elation and depression, churning thoughts-all these I give into the hands of peace."
For all of this you must have trust in your children, and they must have trust in you. For unschooling of any kind to work, you need to have trust.
“Howard?” She shook the pendent as though that would wake him up. “Howard, are you there?”
And who took the THIRD highest pay-off from Fannie Mae AND Freddie Mac? OBAMA
Melson has been kicked back to DOJ’s main office in a flabbergasting new slot as “senior adviser on forensic science in the department’s Office of Legal Policy.” He may have been “sick to his stomach,” but the federal careerist apparently has no intention of quitting an administration with blood on its hands. And now he’ll be advising others on how to track and handle evidence. Nice make-work if you can get it.
You can tweet once a day, but remember to leave the URL to each tweet as a separate comment. You must have at least 50 followers for this entry.
The natural-color image of the galaxies was taken with NASA’s Hubble Space Telescope and with the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope in Hawaii.
Ugh, I intended for this post to be a photo retrospective of sorts - a cool visual way to end ICLW week. But I just made the fatal error of spending a bit too much time looking at the photos we have of Thomas in the hospital. And now, well, I'm spent.
* 1/4 cup coconut milk, or more as needed
(8) Can temporary acts of reproduction constitute an “integral and essential part of a technological process” where they consist of printing out part of the reproduction, comprising one or more text extracts of 11 words?
Sand Creek Brewing Company
Ramon, who still teaches at Schechter, left her position as dean this past September. And though no one claims the move was connected to her pronouncements on gay ordination, supporters of the historic change say Ramon’s departure has eased the atmosphere for gay and lesbian students at Schechter considerably.
They’re just attached to individual candy melt disks with some melted chocolate. The middle one is adorable; the two outer ones look they escaped from the turkey loony bin!
The first time I saw Edvard Munch's "The Scream", my less than reverent reaction was: "I don't like it."
“In the beginner’s mind there are many possibilities. In the expert’s mind there are few.” Shunryu Suzuki-Foshi
From Bryan Harrell’s Brews News for April/May 2011, here are further updates on the situation of several craft beer breweries. Thanks to Chris Poel.
It’s such a wonderful moment when we see the little dooties we call blogs grow into big time poop fests deserving of such an honor. So go forth, my looney toons, crazy train Glitter E. Yaynus awardees and with much ado, do make your fellow Glitter E. Yaynus pals proud! Or not. I fully understand if you prefer to adopt a rule breaking, authority defying, dangerous living attitude and forget I mentioned you.
My handy dandy watch allows me to set 3 different alarms, so every two and a half hours last night, my alarm went off, and I forced myself to reach into the little cooler Josh had put by the bed and get out two chunks of cheese to eat. Not exactly pleasant, but oh what a difference it's made this morning. I wasn't starting from square one this morning, it was more like square two--and that was a nice place to be. I ate a bagel with cream cheese and a few grapes for breakfast and it was mildly enjoyable. If I could just get one bite of something down every 5 or 10 minutes, I think I could even get to a point where I'm not really sick.
Topped With Pomegranate Sauce
Keep you posted :-))
2. Green River
A quiet place, a sanctuary, a used bookstore.
Outside, irrelevant, no following, and not going to be opposition leader. Not even the Tel Aviv summer block party will be able to help them.
How did the earlier period of the Enlightenment contribute to Nietzsche’s philosophy?
During this time the U.S. Supreme Court assigned one or more Justices to monitor the progress of the rulings. They enlisted help of experts in economics, monetary systems, banking, constitutional government and law, and many other related areas. These justices built coalitions of support and assistance with thousands of people worldwide; known as ‘White Knights”. The term ‘White Knights’ was borrowed from the world of big business. It refers to a vulnerable company that is rescued by a corporation or a wealthy person from a hostile takeover.
After yet another play-off final meltdown (that’s three and counting, all of which I’ve had the ‘pleasure’ of witnessing) and the sale of Shane Long and Matt Mills, hopes weren’t high for this season. And things didn’t look much brighter in September, when we faced Doncaster at home, in 21st place: lose and a relegation battle was on the cards.
I can't tell you how much this photograph appeals to me. It's delicious!
“They’re my friends, Lum”
Very easy and a great money saver for those of us that can't quite afford those plantation shutters yet. :)
Oh! I also made some Peanut Butter Thumbprint Cookies using dark chocolate Dove hearts (instead of the typical Hershey’s Kisses) because everyone is supposed to have chocolates or something classy on V-Day, right?
This failure to control costs means that the law will add significantly to the already-crushing burden of government spending, taxes, and debt. According to the CBO, Obamacare will cost $1.76 trillion by 2022. To be fair, some media outlets misreported this new estimate as a doubling of the law’s originally estimated cost of $940 billion. In reality, most of the increased cost estimate is the result, not of increased programmatic costs, but of an extra two years of implementation. Still, many observers warned at the time that the original $940 million estimate was misleading because it included only six years of actual expenditures, with the ten-year budget window. The new estimate is, therefore, a more accurate measure of how expensive this law will be. Yet even this estimate covers only eight years of implementation. And it leaves out more than $115 billion in important implementation costs, as well as costs of the so-called doc fix. It also double-counts Social Security taxes and Medicare savings. Some studies suggest a better estimate of Obamacare’s real ten-year cost could run as high as $2.7–3 trillion. And this does not even include the over $4.3 trillion in costs shifted to businesses, individuals, and state governments.
I’m one of very few who really doesn’t mind the current system. I know it’s very subjective, but that’s what makes it unique. No other sport is discussed 365/24/7 like college football, and the controversy in deciding a champion is a big contributor to that. It’s why the regular season means so much. Losing one regular season game can legitimately ruin your chances of playing for a national championship. I think that’s great, and makes rivalries much more intense.
What a fun space with the concrete walls juxtaposed with the leopard print chairs! If you are going to go original, then go all the way!
Their frustration will never end.
Check back next month for Volume 8
We do karma for krishna and not with kama-sankalpa.
Que copado = awesome! lucky! nice, cool!
Still haven't been in France long enough to eat this. More time in country required.
mentor Willis O'Brien. As the beast claws at this
But we do not force it. If the kids wanted their own rooms and beds, they would get them; in fact, I regularly ask them if they would like their own rooms. When they come to bed a rustle around for a bit, I can usually get right back to sleep after a quick hug or a few peaceful words. When I need more sleep, I move to a different room with no frustration or malice. When I choose intimacy with my partner, we get creative. When I wake up, usually far earlier than anyone else, I do so as quietly and respectfully as possible---and everyone else does the same. It works, and works well. In fact, it is essential to our deep connection as a family.
The research reported on, by Ed Hammond of the Centre for Public Scrutiny, reports that four councils are expected to make the change in May 2012. There will also be some “hybrid” arrangements, such as that likely to come into effect in Kent, where advisory committees are given greatly strengthened powers, even though technically decisions will remain in the hands of individual cabinet members, and the cabinet, though that is not expected to meet very often.
Thomas Hardy had completed all of his novels by 1897, so he’s usually remembered as a nineteenth-century writer; but he was writing poetry and short stories until his death in 1928. He has three poems in the collection, sadly not including I Looked Up from My Writing, which is my favourite of his poems from this period and manages to be poignant while hardly mentioning the war. Channel Firing opens the collection, a dark foreshadowing of things to come. It imagines the effect on the rural dead of hearing a naval gunnery practice and mistaking it for the Day of Judgement. God’s voice reassures them, and offers criticism.
I can see the horizon in distance from the canal bridge. I wonder what it was like to work on a barge and travel the canals. Day or night, the canal appears endless in the distance.
Keep in mind right now you have power, and can afford your bill. We often take for granted that we have power to cook with our oven and do dishes after wards. If you still have your home but no power then you may still be able to use your home (depending if you have a single family home, or trailer).
3. Please, make a genuine effort to visit and comment on others in the linky. Although, I truly enjoy getting new followers, I enjoy it even more when I think they really took some time to look around and I’m sure others probably feel the same.
3 cups of water.
Last night I get a call of a major accident on one of our highways. I precede code and drive to that location. There are cars all over the highway wrecked out. Because of the number of vehicles involved all traffic was at a stand still. I look up about 500 yards in front of me I see a huge fire with lots of smoke. I had to make a quick assessment of the situation and decide to get out and help at this scene or go up and help with the fire. To me it’s a no brainer. I don’t want anyone to burn alive. I fly up to where the fire was and notice it was some stupid ass rednecks / white trash with at least 5 flares in a single pile. I’m pissed just looking at this pile. I do see a few cars with minor damage. I yell at the rednecks to put them across the road and to move all the cars off onto the shoulder. I hate stupidity.
Today Jon and I went to see a guy about a gravestone for Bow's grave. Do you have any idea how hard that is to wrap your mind around: Picking out a gravestone for your baby boy? Words truly cannot express how wrong that is, how hard that is. And I just keep coming back to why? Why did this happen to our baby? Why did this happen to our beautiful boy? Why did this happen to our family??
Do you feel that unschooling has had an impact on what methods of earning money or jobs you're drawn to?
- No standing in line or missing the announcement they just went on sale.
Hello! I wanted to let all of my paper crafting friends know about a charity I am helping. The name of this group is Operation Priceless. They make care packages to send to children in both Haiti and The Dominican Republic. They box up school supplies for the children, and also include a handmade card with the care package. HERE is the information along with a couple of flyers explaining their needs.
-Metal Letter Stamps (Any hobby store will have them)
Gregorian calendar festivals became more rigid after the Reformation and by 1660 many previous celebrations which smacked of paganism were banned. One of these is worth resurrecting. In the Highlands and Islands of Scotland, before it was abolished, a ritual was held on Bride’s Feast Day the calendrical opposite of that held by all farming communities until the first European War of creating the harvest corn dolly which was carried round the fields to bless the harvest.
1. Most of the time we get the email/contact from the inside of the magazine.
it was a bit of a whim, I was writing the song and I thought 'who'd
There was a sea of people and it took a lot of pushing to get through but this is what the main drag looked like for several blocks. People were dancing in the street, playing drums, waving flags, hollering, etc. It was really cool!
Darkly atmospheric, Masque of the Red Death beckons us into its dichotomous world with the crook of a diseased finger, delighting us with technological advancements beyond those of our reality while simultaneously horrifying us with the deterioration of human health and quality of life. One page paints pictures of sumptuous debauchery for those who can afford it, with steam carriages for transport and needles full of liquid oblivion to escape the gruesome deaths of those unfortunate enough to contract the Weeping Sickness, while the next details the dirt, grime, and disease crippling the city one sore-ridden body at a time. We can almost feel the disease itself settle on our bodies with a tangible weight, our fingers itching to rub our skin red to alleviate the psychosomatic tingles as we follow Araby down from the highest perch above the city into the gutters themselves, discovering along the way that sickness isn’t only physical, and those suffering from it the most are often hiding behind wealth and privilege.
He was a big crybaby.
The Process of Producing La Mai Coffee
On the Kindle: 2
He tries to be patient with all my projects, even though I haven't finished the old ones and even tolerates my constant furniture rearranging. I often hear him say, 'why do YOUR projects always involve ME'. Tehe.
I'm that mom who no longer has small, dependent children and is grateful for this next phase of our lives that allows me more time and space to explore who I am and who I'm growing into.
Imports no longer will comprise the backbone of the list, bottle or draft. That time is now finished for me, as much as I hate to say it. My heart won’t change, but my head will. We took it as far as we could, when we could and rather than fight futile battles that cannot be won, we’ll take stock of reality and compete elsewhere.
It bears no convincing,
WordPress or blogging is an ideal way to communicate to your audience. WordPress is the most superior blogging website to date. Blogs offer you a way to establish yourself as an expert online. When you establish yourself as an expert in your field, you make it easy for potential clients to trust you. They will believe that you will be able to help with their situation. For example, a florist might create a top ten list about the best indoor plants to house for the winter. If you were looking to house an obscure plant for your house, you may email or call this professional florist for advice, because they are an established expert online. If the florist has the answers, the florist will eventually gain a word of mouth reputation, resulting in an abundant amount of new clientele. A helpful blogging tip for optimal online exposure is that you want to create a blogging schedule (with a minimum of blogging once per month). Remember to always stay current and up-to-date with your business information.
“The MKT joins eight other vehicles that have performed significantly less than expected this year in the United States. Along with the Acura ZDX, Mitsubishi Outlander Sport and Chevrolet Aveo, these are the worst automotive flops of 2011.”
I am not a parent of a child with autism, yet I know through assisting in a holiday club for children and young adults with special needs, way back in my teens there are diverse levels of autism, different children on the spectrum require different routines. These children aren’t spoilt, they are disciplined where they are able to understand, comprehend what is right and what is wrong where possible
A Virginal by Ezra Pound
Here's what Jessica had to say about her tutorial: I love to peel and stick things. Especially orange things. Here's an easy way to customize plain ceramics: apply decorative tape in colors that match your home, your party decorations, or your current bouquet of flowers. Dress up inexpensive vases for DIY wedding table centerpieces or showers. And when you get tired of your design, just peel it off.
Today is “mini” Super Tuesday – Election Day. And in California that means it is time to vote in the primaries to determine who will represent each party in the general election next November. It also means that we will determine the outcome of a number of initiatives that we, the people, supposedly put on the ballot in an effort to do what the legislature cannot or will not. Of course, there is very little of the “people” involved in the initiative process anymore. For some time it has been an instrument of special interests to get custom tailored laws on the books that are portrayed as benefiting the general good, but in reality specifically target a much narrower interest. Among the most egregious to date is Proposition 16, euphemistically named “The Peoples Right to Vote.” Almost entirely funded by PG&E, if passed this measure would solidify a near monopoly the utility has in the state.
Rufus & I got caught in a big rainstorm this morning. It definitely throws a different light on everything. Very atmospheric and cleansing although the mascara running down my face was not a good look!
Tell me I’ll never be alone
To try to describe it accurately, I would say that it felt like lightning bolts striking my lower abdomen and then streaking across my pelvic area. Pair that with the intense pressure that followed and I thought I just might be having pre-labor contractions. I had called the doctor on call and decided to try to fall asleep and just call back in the morning since I didn't have any really scary concerns like bleeding or losing fluid. However, I woke up after about 30 minutes of sleep and the pains were unbearable. At that point, we decided a trip to the hospital was in order.
To just sit and talk, and talk, and put our phones away.
Richard W. Fisher, the head of the Jesuit Federal Reserve Bank of
dry red chillies -4-5
The punch in the word, “Body,” which Rome used to control, Paul reverses with an irenic spirit. It is a question that modern congregations and church systems should consider as they discern the best way to increase the community spirit among them. What principles of the Body will become operational? The position of Paul in his use of this metaphor clearly moves away from one which kept people “in their place” to one in which the community functions organically, relationally, and informed by “less powerful” members.
With 11 more shows, I hope to continue to learn from the piece, the audiences and the beautiful work the actors are doing! I would certainly love thoughts from anyone in the audience!
SideB - Darkroom Skin Transfers
At three months she has a beautiful smile that lights up when she sees me.
Today we went to the hospital to pick up Maddy's new orthotics, and let me tell you, she is NOT impressed!! I expected as much - they restrict her movement at the ankle so it is much harder for her to move around. She can still stand with them on but it's a bit more awkward for her. I don't think that she can go from laying to sitting with them on though - she needs more ankle movement for that.
What I discovered was that from it’s opening the building suffered with water ingress. There were also substantial issues with heating such a large space, for example, the under floor heating was placed so deep down it was rendered useless. The architects blamed the engineers who blamed the builders who blamed the architects etc etc, no one was willing to take the admit that it was their fault.
Bead Trends April 2012 Call
Marinade Ingredients:
1hundredproject is my idea to help make my dream of going to Belize a reality. I'd love for you to check out my idea, and maybe tell me some of yours, and maybe together all of us dreamers can make a better city and a better world.
So El Rafa invites me to go on the Radio Show the following Tuesday to talk about Tango and what I think about Buenos Aires etc.... Ok, I think this will be a great story to put on my blog.
Since most of the holes on my ragged life list are shorebirds/waterbirds, I have a tendency of just checking the lake. With the woods radiating with the sounds of new arrival migrants at East Fork, I decided I should spend more time in the woods than just looking for rare water birds.
I hope you had a nice weekend!
Paid: 25 cents
I can smell them still
I want people to be happy and enjoy their lives.
*a $10 gc to Tamiko's!
In the middle there somewhere, I took a break from work to give myself a headstart on a modified NaNoWriMo attempt. (I'm going to write a little every day between now and November 30, but 5 minutes counts as much as 5 hours does.) Thanks to some writing prompts from Chloe, my story centers around one Din Simon who is looking for a key. He must do this while dealing with a cobra who has taken up residence in his bedroom, a persistent and perturbed jeweler who is making a second career out of turning up in Din's life at inconvenient moments, and the demands of his two ex-wives (who just happen to be twin sisters) and their lawyers.
It is easy to buy into the noise he makes. It is comforting for people in the Labour party to look inwards, sit in a circle and chant ‘Tories bad, Labour good’. Perhaps if they concentrated on reassuring the public, rather than themselves, we would be in a better position.
- The thing God requires of you to do may seem odd, or unrelated: again ask yourself, could today’s
Are touched by all the radiance
“Your date number.”
Marcus is persuaded that honor requires him to atone for his brother’s treason. But after painfully earning the Emperor’s trust, he is horrified to learn that Caligula himself uttered the statement for which Marcus’s brother took responsibility – and that the scheme to switch the blame was their father’s, devised to ensure the survival of the youthful Caligula, then heir apparent.
She also said, "If you know someone who has lost a child or lost anybody who's important to them, and you're afraid to mention them because you think you might make them sad by reminding them that they died, they didn't forget they died. You're not reminding them. What you're reminding them of is that you remember that they lived, and... that's a great, great gift."
I have to say, the news today really hit my solar plexus with it's surprise attack. I feel that all the dreams I had from the 80's have quietly died their own little deaths in a mediocre hotel room. The past few losses have been great in their own regards, but this one, this really made an impact. Maybe it was seeing his face mugging at me every morning as I scurried around, torturing my hair to unbelievable heights and matching up my acid washed jeans with some bright neon frock - or experiencing my first taste of heartache so strong I thought I might implode from the pain and the only way to get through was to listen to his voice, soothing me - or maybe it's just that 47 is pretty young, especially when you yourself are only a mere 38. Goodbye, my fellow Ohio boy, and thank you for helping me make it through those long and despairing nights of teenage suffering. Thank you for penning the song that reminds me of a love I lost so long ago. And mostly, thank you for still rocking your face off when I saw you at the state fair in '98. You will always hold a very dear place in my life. Rock on Jani Lane, you made your dreams come true.
They all liked Revati for her gentle, kind nature. She had a huge heart and was always kind, caring towards others.
Remember that you can flip the sketch, rotate the sketch, resize it and make any type of project you like with it - as long as we can see the original sketch in your creation we'll be happy!
Automatic Bid: Big East Conference Champions
Trumpets: Chuck Hesson, Joe Sullivan, Mike Killingsworth, Letitia Lynch, Jimmy Bullard, Chris Canada
Water - as needed
So you will say that I'm ungrateful. That other people have crummy minimum wage jobs and get treated like garbage. That so many good paying jobs have been moved to other countries. I should give up this job. Well I would love to and my plan is to retire next year. I'm not ungrateful I'm just tired of all the unnecessary negative attitudes. It only makes things worse.
I’ll put the bayonet’s flashing point, I’ll let bullets and slugs
April 27 – San Diego – Analog Bar
Yet applying for a job is probably the greatest sales pitch anyone will ever make. The product is YOU and you had better know what you are selling.
I failed to follow my own recipe correctly, and added in too much milk, therefore I threw in a couple more handfuls of oats to soak up the extra milk, which means my loaf of bread was DENSE. Thus, I undercooked it trying not to completely scorch the outside. And then we cut into it before it was completely cooled and I think that was a bad idea. But even with all that the loaf is already half gone today, so I'm going to deem it a success. :o)
And JCK will say: Go ask your Daddy!
So not pictures like this:
Mr Wan is the only editor living in Singapore while the rest are based overseas. Till today, nobody knows the identity of the owner of ‘TR Emeritus’ or where it receives its funding from.
“How much would you like? An ounce? Six ounces?”
“They lied to us,” a worker with a long beard says. “They told us lies to bring us here. Some of us sold their land; others took big loans to come and work here.”
Here’s one of my favourite songs by Loke, and yes, it’s in swedish.
I’m not sure what the human response would be in the same situation. I mean, after all, we can talk and evaluate things…
But the forces that drive people to leave their families are just as strong. It is an act of total desperation to leave everything you love behind. And yet in the Philippines, which was once regarded as one of the most successful countries in Asia, migration to seek better jobs/future/livelihoods is the norm. How can a successful economy be built in a country where leaving is the only path to prosperity?
of shadows lore.
On another note entirely, take the time to watch this audio slide show from Timothy Allen, the only still photographer on the BBC's Human Plant, it's stunning stuff. Peace - out.
No, change isn't ever easy. Change doesn't always happen intentionally. It sometimes is just a process which you go through, and you don't know how or why, and while it seems destructive, it's all a part of the growth process. Do you really think that the dragonfly larva knows why it's crawling out of the water, cracking it's skin open and crawling out of it? No. It just knows that something inside of it says, "Do this..." and it acts without thinking. It just does.
With no thought to what was happening upstairs, Sunny rose up on her toes demanding more. Her lips pulsated against Judson’s. When his hand trembled against her cheek in a soft caress she lost touch with reality.
Lively can be an arresting actress but here she isn’t given much to do but be Goose to Reynolds’ Maverick. She is one of the more interesting characters in the Green Lantern universe and she’s certainly given short shrift here. If there are to be any sequels, hopefully her strength will take a front seat. Waititi, as techie Tom Kalmaku (also a character from the comics) at least makes an impression.
God answered "It is done."
Even The Odd Orbit is a free excursion of bass and acoustic guitar, that alternate with nervous jolts and impressionistic touches.
A glowing lamppost in the middle of a snowy wood. A faun, wrapped in a scarf, carrying parcels and an umbrella. This is one of the images that has lodged in my mind for as long as I can remember, and which is inextricably linked with Christmas. Which is odd, because there hasn't been a Christmas in Narnia in living memory. The country has been placed under a spell which means that it is always winter, but never Christmas.
Once a dream points me to something, I’m a lot more likely to pay attention, even if it’s in a genre I don’t much like. So when I saw a listing for The Rap Guide to Evolution, a one-man hip-hop show about Darwin’s theory, of course I headed to the Soho Playhouse, where Baba Brinkman was explaining how the natural selection purposes of hip-hop!
One time though, I did go through a dark period in my life -- darkest days experienced. Thankfully, I had one special person holding my hand through it all but aside from that person, I had NO ONE. I couldn’t run away even if I tried, let alone bury my head in the sand. It was tough asking for help from others only to get a kick in the ass instead. A kick-you-when-you’re-down sort of thing. To this day, I still don’t understand why things happened the way they did but I learned so much from it all and realized I’m strong enough
Vegetarianism in America has generally consisted of a small but vocal number of adherents. It has its roots in the mid-1800s, when some people began to question accepted health and dietary practices.
NOTE: My heart goes out to my fellow Dorchester authors who were not able to get their rights back. It sickens me that this company would not only steal earned money from its hardworking writers, but then steal their intellectual property as well. I hope you find a way to get your books back in the end.
2. whisk the butter, eggs, and milk together in a large bowl. in another large bowl, whisk together the flour, the 3/4 cup of sugar, baking powder, and salt. combine the dry and wet ingredients. then fold in the blueberries. divide batter among the 12 muffin cups and then sprinkle tops with the remaining teaspoon of sugar.
Now the round table takes up a huge part of the bar. It’s in the corner and usually shrouded in dim light. Anything goes and whatever you ask for you get....anything!
With a total of 140-160 amp hours used in day sailing and additional 160-180 used for night sailing it is clear that we would need much larger batteries to sail for 24+ hours. Good thing this is not in our usage plan. If we need to sail for longer periods we will need to motor sail for a while to charge batteries.
And other more commodities which profit may and please,
Crossing the road into an avenue of hornbeam trees running parallel to Queen’s Road, a red deer stag, far less timid than the group we encountered earlier, crosses our path entirely unfazed by the numerous human visitors. Raising a hind leg to scratch at loose fur, he saunters away westwards down the slope towards Petersham Park, almost regally, as if well aware that this is his territory, and we are merely passing through deferentially. Further on, a group of antlered fallow deer are dozing lazily next to the path, not bothered at all by the snapping shutters of dozens of cameras.
Over the pine,
“I know how to do anything - I'm a Mom.”
Then, turn around and buy
Pantaloon Retail (the listed co) has more than Rs 5000 crore of debt, so even this sale may provide only a temporary relief.
In the case of Adam Nobody it is crystal clear that his serious injuries came at the hands of police officers (even it it is not possible to identify them). I
Oh. My. God. There are absolutely no words to describe how I'm feeling right now, now that I have finished Insurgent. To say I loved it is to call a thunderstorm a drizzle. "Amazing" doesn't even come close to covering it! Insurgent blew me away - more than I was expecting after reading Divergent. How could Veronica Roth possibly beat Divergent when it was so incredible? I don't know how, but she bloody well did!
Fagin: "Maybe the animated version of Mr. Bumble has it?"
Cardigan: ???? OLD!
Countless days of being held hostage while ProG sits there doing nothing but chewing away at my cerebral cortex and brain stem, short circuiting whatever intellect or instinct I once had, has left me with very little ability to distinguish reality from fiction.
He was part of the John Orr’s general management team in the heydays of the department store group. Subsequent to that he was Market Development Manager for the Greaterman’s stores group before moving into advertising with J. Walter Thompson. He then joined Ogilvy & Mather where he was a client service account director. It was with O&M that he specialised in the professional speaking, media coaching and communications arena in New York City, in the early 1980s. Clive’s been back running his own business in South Africa since 1986.
Finding your way in the world can be a challenge. Regardless of whether you have big or small dreams life would be boring if we never aimed to achieve anything at all. I guess I’m one of those people with big dreams.. Which are yet to be fulfilled.
I stole the idea of a voice podcast from Mark. Thanks for that one, man. I'm not too lazy to type, but it's the ease of just talking that draws me to this type of post.
Finally, I re-read Hater by David Moody. Again, self-publishers take note: Moody secured a film deal with Guillermo del Toro after he published Hater under his own imprint. I read Hater last fall in a single afternoon because I couldn't put it down. (That rarely happens to me.) It's been compared to 28 Days Later, but I think that does it a disservice. Hater begins with a focus on a beleaguered man as he struggles through a global outbreak of inexplicable violent acts. About two-thirds of the way through, the whole thing turns on its head. This is one of those books that takes you so deeply into its characters, you're willing to go anywhere with them. I read it again in January in anticipation of reading its sequels, Dog Blood and Them or Us.
After the previous three nights, it was not a surprise to hear heavy rain start to pound the roof of the tent well before midnight. This time, however, it did not stop in the early hours of the morning. Stay tuned to see if we got washed away .... coming up in the next installment of our Fraser Island camping adventure.
Pin the tail on the Hippo
The final two decide to attack together, but Jonah manages to swing up into a tree, one handed, swing around a branch and place a boot into each man's jaw. Jonah stand triumphant, surrounded by the fallen men. At an overhead balcony, the warlord has been watching everything and is delighted with Jonah's abilities and that he passed this test.
God, I hate that statement. Wake up society. Traditional people have been making a mockery of traditional marriage for years.
A teacher at a Catholic school in Indiana is suing the diocese where she worked after being fired because the in vitro fertilization treatments she received were considered against church teachings.
Right now we just have the hilltop where the shed is fenced in for them. Soon we'll (make that - Husband will) fence in more with goat appropriate fencing since right now there's just a single line of electric fence.
Segment 1 – 12:00 p.m. ET/9:00 a.m. PST
Obligatory: A note to each person who has given a shower gift, even if thanks were expressed in person.
With so many ‘dead certs’ floating around all year, it’s only apt that the Easter period has seen them to continue to vault themselves out the window (confused? think rising from the dead, rather than chocolate eggs). And I’ve always been wary with the concept of a ‘dead cert’ anyway, ever since placing a £10 bet on Bilic to replace Zola at West Ham in 2010. “Don’t worry mate, my Dad knows someone who was in the boardroom – DEAD CERT” ….hello, Avram.
8. Deadline
The scary thing is that the information they gather is proprietary, meaning you don’t have the right to know what information is specifically being gathered. That means they can go onto your Facebook page and stalk you for ‘threats.’ I think this bill is a waste of money and time. They should take the time, energy, and money that it has taken to write, rewrite, amend, and promote this bill and use it to find actual threats to the United States, rather than infringing on citizens rights and privacy.
Ballo ergo sum
There is a chilly whisper in the breeze reminding us that winter will soon be here. We've really had a cold past two weeks, but today the sun is shining brightly, the temperature is in the middle 20C's and it's now turning into that blissful time of year when it's a joy to be outside in nature before we settle indoors to sit out the winter.
But, ja den hey! We’re proud of dem
+56 7 9.70 , +46 2 3.66
Scratch here ▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒ to reveal today’s status.
The full retail price of all of the above items is $40.95. I paid just $23.55 for everything you see in this photo!
Bif
It affects every single person in your life, whether you realize it or not.
“Fuck man, we should get out of here.” She said. “That Dominique girl knows people – when Alexis and Elijah did a ting, she almost got Alexis killed. They blessed everything out, but I know Alexis still feels this girl is trouble.”
1) Place the boiled chicken in a bowl.Add all the spices,onion,garlic,ginger and curry powder. Marinate for few hours.
they are not my favourite books
These are usually half a sheet of 8x11 paper (salvaged from the office), or most often even a quarter sheet. You will also see some paper from a flyer, since that is all I had when away from home. It all works!
And last what are those wonderful components in those world wide chemtrails operations being sprayed by 36 countries via the United Nations “Open Skies Treaty” including on American peoples by our very own offices of Naval Intelligence. Well double testing from three separate rain water and snow samples from Chapel Hill, North Carolina were collected and submitted for double-blind laboratory analyisis in March 2002. Tests were ordered for several elements which should not be present in normal rain or snow, any where on the planet, The result was devastating news about the health of our eco-systems: all samples consistently revealed enough of the following materials to indicate they were present in the atmosphere “in large amounts…and concentrated form” through a “very controlled delivery ( dispersion),” primarily: ALUMINUM and BARIUM.
City of Fayetteville’s guidelines applicable to this program. The applicant agrees to be responsible
And rationality is at the core of this issue. Had the evidence about Tabak’s taste in pornography been admitted, it would inevitably have led to a debate about whether that was probative. Evidence would have been needed as to the connection (if any) between the use of pornography of that type and mimicking the behaviour it depicts. Without that context, using Tabak’s taste in pornography as a basis for judging whether he intended to kill would be essentially irrational – or “common sense”, as it is otherwise known…
It is very helpful to use "I can" statements, rather than "I can't". Train yourself to reframe your negative thoughts.
This probably explains why there ends up being so much
One day we might just have to brave a "ghost tour"........
I have a friend who is always serving others. She has 4 daughters and a husband and 2 dogs. She serves in her community and ministries. She looks for marginalized people to serve. Yet she rarely does much for herself so today I decided to treat her to a pedicure. I could tell she felt a bit uneasy being served by the manicurist but it was something I wanted to do for her because she does so much for me and others. It was great to be able to spend time with her with no interrupting kids or friends.
I told a pregnant friend today:
Has the coup taken place just like Breivik stated with a transference of power in Norway with it now in the hands of others who have no regard for the lives lost on Utoya island, what the survivors experienced and the aftermath?
Kenjian
New Zealanders are justifiably unnerved by reports of the groups of thugs who are alleged to have senselessly bludgeoned lovely young people enjoying our great summer without the slightest provocation. And the youngsters who have been knifed to death as they help out in dairies, or go out for strolls.
In 2004 the community fought and won a battle against a plan that called for a harbor tunnel connecting New Jersey and Brooklyn, which would have required a 143-acre intermodal station in Maspeth. The tunnel wasn’t necessary, the opponents of the plan said, and the intermodal station would inundate Maspeth with pollution from trains and in- creased truck traffic. Mayor Michael Bloomberg denounced the plan and it was eventually killed.
Since the announcement of the share buy yesterday, these newspapers have published several analyses. You only have to watch the video, featuring the Herald's senior business columnist Adele Ferguson, to get the gist. "There's a lot going on in terms of the mining tax, and the carbon tax," says Ferguson. "And she wants to make sure, given she owns some of the biggest iron ore tenements, that nothing goes wrong in that space."
I hope you have been collecting the FREE Daily Download during my Featured Designer spot at Digitals. If you have missed some of the days, you can go ahead and get the kit at 30% off right now! And then you won't have to worry about missing any more days! :D Click on the preview to get it all NOW!
He (or she) was the size of a baby bear, but we were fairly confident that there were no bears in this neck of the woods!
6. extra grip for those with large hands
The first time I did this workout the next day I felt like I'd been hit by a bus ( I was seriously unfit) and the second day I had the sorest legs ever so my advice is to do your 2nd workout on the 3rd day as you still might be a bit sore but you will actually feel better after the workout. After that I felt fine most days after doing the workout.
Yet though thus respected,
conditioning: weights on the left added to a 75lb prowler that does not slide well
I’ve also been overcome with some other emotions today. If I had to describe them, I’d go with: frustatening-anxietal-angeration-soul-crushing-tired-what-the-fuck-osis. Yes, that’s a scientific condition, and it occurs when travelers go to Europe for the first time on a quasi-work trip, and they realize a few things for the first time once they get over the excitement of just being there. So you can avoid “what-the-fuck-osis” (that’s the clinical name), I’d like to list a few of the causes of the condition:
09 Broken Tabels - Image Of You
1 fillet of smoked mackerel
What do you think about this new hands off directive being issued,
Today it is still warm, but I am hoping that it won't be too long until we can light our fire in the living room....so cozy and comforting on those cold days ahead.
Then self-esteem will likely be a sense of self-worth that ascertains how valuable and dependable we feel about alone and our whole unique character.
The past however turbulent it had been
When the nail trimmers come out Bogart turns into a free-roaming Cuisinart. We’ve come to a truce with him; in exchange for leaving the furniture unscathed, we make no attempt on his claws. The other cats aren’t happy with this special arrangement, but they don’t have Bogart’s strong bargaining position.
Hope to see many of you there. Kindly let me know if you, and a friend(s), plan to be there at rosmccracken@rogers.com so that I get an idea of numbers for food.
So she stuck a couple of extensions in.
The magnificent roar of the spectacle that is the start of a Formula 1 race.
½ teaspoon ground cumin
I really enjoyed playing with the age gap between my two heroes in Handle with Care, and letting Ollie gently lead Ben to realise that it really isn’t an issue. Thirteen years might seem like a big gap when the younger partner is twenty, but give them another ten years and it’s not going to raise any eyebrows. Well, perhaps that depends on whether Ollie’s still dying his hair outlandish colours…
We all sat at the table talking politics and laughing. I did a lot of soaking up her presence cause have I missed her!
"I know son. Would you like a bright green bean?"
of course I took the shortcut and only put 2 brackets up instead of 3,
Reading Level: Young Adult
WELCOME! Thank you all for stopping by the Addicted 2 Scrapping Spring Blog Hop! As you hop along be sure to subscribe/follow to the individual design team members' blogs so you don't miss out on all of the gorgeous projects they are creating...and stop by our Facebook page, Addicted 2 Scrapping, and LIKE us if you haven't already!
Fareda: What’s wrong, father?
I especially love that Steve (TV legend Ian Ziering) is on the list twice and 1 of those times he’s with OSCAR WINNER Hilary Swank.
On the surface I smiled pleasantly, though my first instinct was to scream NO! I once gave a 'best man's' speech at a friend's wedding years ago, and have never been so close to vomiting and fainting all at the same time, even though it went quite well in the end.
I recommend preparing in advance of the event by setting networking goals and having at least three open-ended questions you can ask any person at the networking event.
absence the space we yearn in, clouds
It is a monthly side challenge that you can enter all and as many of your creations, so long as you have used a Crafty Pad Image.)
But, I kid you not…there were sausage dogs everywhere. Big ones, small ones, long-haired, tan, brown, fat, skinny….I am not going to lie; I was totally freaked out. Majority of the dogs were dressed up – some as as ballerina’s others as bondi surf lifesavers, quite a few as live ‘hot dogs’. I don’t know what freaked me out more – the hundreds of sausage dogs…or their owners. T-shirts with “Look at my Weiner” & “Sex, Drugs & (Sausage) Rolls” were not uncommon. There were running races (let’s admit daschunds are not the most athletic of dogs – I had to hold back my laughter) & prizes for ‘tricks’ (the winner; a sausage dog that held a position like a status for 3 mins…actually quite impressive…but still…weird).
Jennifer McCreath
from around the way
"May I take your coat?"
The Beethoven Argument is a popular anti-abortion stance that is typically stated by the following hypothetical discussion between two doctors who perform abortions:
Sate Babi ( Pork Satay )
Okay, so I realize that I'm a little late to the game. SNAP! was two weeks ago, and I'm finally getting around to putting up my recap post. Can we all agree to call me "fashionably late"? Thanks. I knew you'd understand. ;-)
I am having a really hard time planning for the week today. My Language Arts block has been a little schizophrenic this year and I am having trouble getting to everything in my plan book (go figure...). I must admit that teaching Language Arts is not my strong suit. I am a math girl. And I have definitely been struggling all year just to get through my Language Arts block. I have wonderful ideas, but I tend to get sidetracked. You see... I am not used to planning with a TE, let alone six of them. In my experience student teaching, I did not even see a TE. My mentors used the state standards and Common Core Standards as their guides. Their combined experiences, professional books, textbooks, and the internet were my guides. Not to mention, these books are brand new to my school and 2 of the 3 third grade teachers are brand new to the profession. So here I sit, reading through all of the ideas and activities in my TE and trying to piece it all together.
When a friend told me I needed to call my blog Hot Nerd Girl.
The man returned with two small boxes suitable for mailing skimpy Christmas presents to relatives you don't like and never see in.
These Masters of the Universe certainly remind me of ancien regime France before the Revolution. Monarch & aristos closeted in cloud cuckoo Versailles-land, paying no taxes & abusing their power & privilege to create an ever bigger gulf between themselves and the toilers who supported them. Enormous state debt prompts moderate reform proposals to tax nobles. Nobles object .Weak king gives in & sacks reforming ministers. Nobles pay high price as Revolution unfolds. Is Cameron Louis XVI?
Our first purchase was cotton candy with a Buzz Lightyear helmet. These kids could down some cotton candy - it was gone in about 5 min. Thank goodness for Wet Wipes.
Some of the following scripture references are found in Baxter’s Work, others I have added in hopes of increasing your edification.
i stitched it some years ago for one of my exchange..and feeling so sad when i was posting it..
Gemma Halliday, Cindy M. Hogan, Elizabeth Spann Craig, Nova Ren Suma, Elisa Ludwig, and Anne R. Allen... Just to name a few!
I missed you last week, but I was putting the finishing touches on a grant application, one that came in at 1.8 million dollars. Think about that for a minute. That's a lot of money. Just a few days before finishing this application, I heard the President speak at UR. The numbers he tossed around were in the trillions. Even with my knowledge of math, those are numbers that are hard to understand.
George is an absolutely horrible person. I hated him from the get go and, as I read, hungrily awaited his demise—he is the epitome of evil. I don’t care if he is a little bit psycho, or if his mother made him this way—EVIL. Every time he was mentioned in the book, my skin crawled; I hate him! Of course, he’s a key part of the novel and he’s constantly at the forefront of the story, so I spent a lot of time really angry while I read. It amazes me that McDonald was able to evoke such strong, passionate feelings of abhorrence from me over a fictional character, but it is a testament of McDonald’s writing ability!
Sometimes things fall. By accident I bumped the ironing board and the iron slipped off and fell to the floor. By the time I looked down it looked like an erector set. After a quick order online....the waiting began.
Red Carpet Fashion Awards: so, this blog was my introduction to fashion. I used to take a look at what actresses wore at the Oscars or maybe the Golden Globes and Cannes, but that was pretty much it. I think it was through RCFA that I got to know the previously mentioned e-boutiques, as well. I guess the consistent critique with a rigorous eye for detail has sort of shaped my aesthetic, as I now abhor tights and find myself very bored at black pumps (I don’t however share in the hatred for white shoes). I also find their work very respectful, as I understand it’s hard to say someone is outstandingly not well dressed without being offensive.
Or the sex pest magistrate Collen Dumani who groped the breasts of court clerks and cleaners.
Almost immediately, die Volk sang the ZAR national anthem Kent gij dat volk vol heldemoed, followed by the Die lied van jong Suid Afrika.
finds a tiny hole, a place through which it is seen
I've been unleashing my inner child and just revelling in twistings and knottings and turnings and flowings.
8) Wine is gooooood.
Did you treat yourself to any treasures this season or what special things were you treated to???
The project will be delivered by a team of 2 staff – an Education Coordinator and a Sports Coordinator. We are currently looking to recruit a highly skilled candidate for the Education Coordinator vacancy, who will be responsible for delivering and coordinating the educational programme of the project.
I have meaningful thoughts. I have answers to questions. I have clarity.
NaturalSociety
I’m growing my beard out some these days, which isn’t too unusual for me given that I try on the beard now and then just to see how gray I’m getting. (I think John Steinbeck wrote that growing a beard is the only thing a man can do better than a woman.)
How about 1 Samuel 15:1?
Heraclitus, 5th Century B.C.
I have finally set up a tether to my camera and computer and have it going through LightRoom 3.4 I set up all the metadata info and file name,sequence, etc and as i'm shooting the images are loading directly into my designated folder as well as being able to see the results immediately on the monitor. It really does make thing easier from many aspects.
I love cooking with five spice powder. There are many types of five spice powder and although the basic ingredients are the same, the percentage and quality of spices used determine the outcome of the final taste. I normally use Penang five spice powder which have quite a pungent smell but it can really enhance the aroma of the dish. I steam roast a whole chicken which has been dry rub with five spice powder. The main idea of steam roast is to collect the nice chicken essence that drip into the oven dripping pan. To do that, you just have to add a little water in the dripping pan and make sure that it doesn’t dry up while you are roasting the chicken. The steam from the water also helps to tenderize the chicken, makes the meat moist and juicy!
This month we had a panel discussion on food storage - how to, when to, where to store, etc. We invited several ward members to be panelists. Few attended this meeting but those who did learned a lot from our more experienced and/or more successful food storing members.
- Remove the page.
I went to lay down, fell to my knees again.
Dancing at the Chance is a rich, historical novel about vaudeville in the early 1900s and will appeal to those that wish to learn more about that period while experiencing a heartwarming, romantic story.
That everything in New York is glamorous, exciting, the core of the world, and therefore will bring happiness.
Department of Recreation, Parks and Open Space; and the Carnegie Math and Science Initiative for Girls.
I'm so happy we stayed at the Wynn. If we weren't for wanting venture out to see the other hotels, I would've have been perfectly content spending all our time inside the Wynn. There was no need to go elsewhere....And can we talk about eye candy? Gucci, Chanel, Louis Vuitton....I was foaming at the mouth.
The storm keeps on twisting, you keep on building the lies
To the valley below
Hear, o hear, the saints’ and angels’ voices.
If you think that was strange, how about this mash-up:
Sometime later (time had lost its meaning) JP showed up with truck #2, Tex, and the kids. (The kids who were now hungry with two parents who had no food for them.) Now the unloading went into hyper speed, and we just tried to find places to put all the boxes (and keep Claire out of the pool). At one point, when Landon was asking again when we'd be able to eat, he let out a long sigh with "Mom, this day is not fun at all." Fair enough, though he did enjoy helping the movers.
The cazadores didn’t know that they will be the last Spaniards ever to surrender in the islands. These guys believed the war was still on and so they stubbornly held their ground until an old newspaper finally convinced the last Spanish captain that the sun has finally set on the Spanish Empire. Most Cazadores were from poor families, drafted to fight a war no one else didn’t want to wage. Their courage and gallantry became legendary back in their homeland. An old Spanish film directed by Antonio Román called “Las Ultimos Filipinos” was based on a radio drama script and two novels, “El Fuerte de Baler” and “Los Héroes de Baler”. Recently, a Filipino movie was created with the siege as the background of the love story. There was no Filipino in the unit, Rosales’ character was not based on any of the soldiers.
Moon simply continued to bark out his frustration!
I added an acetate skirt to the mannequin, which I laid over the top of the original coloured version, and used Glossy Accents to stick them together. To finish, I chose one of the lace stamps from the Lace Framents stamp plate, which I stamped onto pink vellum with white embossing powder. I stuck this across the middle 'shelf' of the frame.
1 c shredded Swiss cheese
Not imagination, but perception, not questioned or doubted but overwhelmingly transformative.
We sing of red.
Shrink plastic frame
He had got this much done when I remembered to take the picture. After the rain from last weekend, you can't believe the weeds that were coming up. My husband was reading a Bonsai book this week and the author said that when you are getting dirt for your Bonsai to make sure weeds are growing in it. If weeds aren't growing, then neither will your Bonsai. I liked that so much it made me happy to know something nice about weeds.
This past Sunday night, on the orders from President Obama, a Navy SEAL team landed at the perimeter of a safe house that happened to be housing noted terrorist and leader of the al-Qaeda terrorist organization. When the dust cleared, Osama bin Laden and four others with him, were dead.
Also check out Tomorrow's Memories Blog for your chance to win a great prize of Dear Lizzy goodness (I am not happy I can't enter boo hoo), all you have to do is like them on facebook. It couldn't be easier.
The guy had meth in his blood, therefore it’s okay for a group of taxpayer-funded thugs to murder him in cold blood while he screams for help, right?
Lucian’s work The Death of Peregrinus or The Passing of Peregrinus), 11-13:
After a few more days of moto-ing and a fun day trip to the Phi Phi islands, where we experienced the water fights of songkran, we headed back to Trang to catch a train north to Bangkok. When we arrived in Trang on the 15th, we learned that all transportation north was booked up until the 20th. With not too much to entertain us in Trang town we decided to head back west to koh Tao for a few days.
The Compass Navigation Satellite System is China’s second-generation satellite navigation system, capable of providing continuous, real-time passive 3D geo-spatial positioning and speed measurement.
Natalia, a young doctor in one of the countries carved out of the former Yugoslavia, and a friend travel to an orphanage to provide immunizations. Early in the journey Natalia learns her grandfather has died. His passing brings back the memory of a story he told a young Natalia. The allegorical story involves a tiger, a man disappointed by life and a deathless man.
I am getting excited about school for next year already:) I think it's this time of the year, I just get all into making my lists of new curriculum and books needed and get excited about book sales and all that. In fact, I am off to a used curriculum sale that a homeschool group in a neighboring city is having this morning. Then in a couple of weeks I'm going to be attending the annual homeschool convention in Nashville. I am really looking forward to checking out the vendors! Are you planning to attend any conventions this year?
My spirit they will be blown
Has it really been 2 months since I wrote anything?? I guess it has....
Mediums: ProMarkers, Distress Inks, Glimmer Mist, Versafine black
“Can your wife stay with me tonight?”
Pooja explained to Sunny her character in detail recently and told her what was expected out of her. According to sources, Sunny is quite excited about her Bollywood debut and has no inhibitions of shedding her clothes for the camera.
When people talk about reader responsibility online they are usually acknowledging the reader’s role in the completion of a text, for example:
I'm sitting here looking at my calendar and as of now, my weekends are pretty much booked SOLID between now and the beginning of July. Yes, JULY. If you can swing a weekday session, I *can* do that...but weekends are obviously the most popular choice for family sessions.
Finally my all time favorite, Middelvlei Free Run Pinotage. The best wine to have in your sippy cup when your day has been a bitch. It wraps you up in a cloud of pashmina and you hear angels singing in the background, but that only happens after about the third glass. Free-Run refers to the free-run juice that naturally drains off the freshly crushed grapes. The color is a deep ruby red and on the nose we got raspberries and oaky spices. On the palate it is pure heaven.
While attempting to make my way to 118 Bealey Ave between Durham and Colombo to meet Jonas (a friend of mine from Pomona who’s also studying abroad in New Zealand…and blogging about it, here) I once more had to pass through/around the closed-off “Red Zone” that was once the thriving heart of Chch, at least prior to the earthquakes. What was really interesting, though, was how the atmosphere of the area was very different at night, compared to my previous daytime visits. For example, what’s normally a somber tourist attraction, as people take photos of all the destruction, turns into a black hole. Honestly, a black hole. Not in a depressing way, mind you, but in a “moving,” powerful, and kinda awe-inspiring way. If you look up, oftentimes you can see the light pollution from the city plastered on the clouds above. In the Red Zone, there’s nothing…just darkness that’s best described by the word “empty”. Walking through some of the rubble, I was really moved to see just how extensive it all is; I found places where buildings were just absolutely ruined that I had never found before. And considering how infrequently (at least among uni students) the ongoing construction/demolition work is talked about, I admit I was a little taken aback at just how much remains to be done.
If you would like to purchase the camera, just send me a note at theclassicbride@gmail.com with your zip code and I will get you a shipping quote. All final payments are accepted via PayPal.
Michael Radich / he zhizhang: sing willow … / 7-17
Alternate ending to the story in my last post.
That the sun will rise each day and it’s up to you each day if you match it. That nothing matters up until this point. That what you decide now, in this moment, will change the future. Forever. That rain is beautiful.
This episode confirms for me that the heart of Standby is the unconventional relationship between Jin Haeng and Siwan. While everyone gets ample screen time and has a focused subplot for at least an episode, I appreciate that the writers are taking their time to explore the conflicts and the consequential lessons that allow Jin Haeng and Siwan to forge ahead as a family. And today, Ki Woo had none of his games, but he impressed me with his sense of family, guiding an emotional rapport between his older brother and the kid.
It is just as much fun to fish during the night, even when the temperatures are sub zero.
After researching things like LED lights and making containers out of rubbermaid bins, I asked myself if it was really the way to go. Maybe I should have soil-growing containers around the house instead. Eventually I probably will do a bit of both, but after reading about the benefits of hydroponic gardening I’m happy with it.
“In the 1970′s, out of the blue, the American Heart Association declared the egg a threat to the heart. The egg contined 278 mg of cholesterol, and food scientists had decreed that no one should consume more than 300mg of cholesterol a day. The trauma lasted more than 20 years and almost crashed the egg industry. The attack would prove to be a classic case of food science gone awry….” – Last Chance to Eat – Gina Mallet
You’re Dumb
My menu:
Here is the 3rd and final release from this great fusion band..Thank big thank you to 'a friend of the site/CB' appreciated. This band are must haves. I will reupload the others from them as well.
I was introduced to a form of this game, by a fabulous casual teacher at our school, who has been such an inspiration to me.
Thank you, Mother.
Handbag: mum's
"I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain."
by Ally Carter
Her consciousness drifted, suspended in the melodic spell and her body swayed with the tune. She tumbled in mental freefall -a lingering pawn aimless in focus and influence- as her sanity danced with the song of the calliope and a feeling of euphoria engulfed her senses. But somewhere, locked away in a deep recess of her brain, fear crawled.
And gathering swallows twitter in the skies.
My new book, Problems in Purimville, follows Jacob and Sarah, the Latkaland heroes, on a very different adventure – this time in the muddled up land of Purimville, where the children have to solve a rather puzzling mystery. The story is full of the many elements that make Purim so much fun like hamantashen, costumes, and extremely noisy graggers. I’ve written the book in the same short chapter format and there are wonderful, colourful illustrations at the start of each chapter.
Sorry I'm late with the announcement but I was away with the family for the Easter weekend and had limited internet access :o)
The car remained for quite a number of days in my shop. The young man who’d bought it had called quite a few times, I’d put the call through to my brother-in-law. I finally asked my mechanic Tony if he knew what was going on and he told me my brother-in-law had switched out some parts after we’d issued the certificate so the better parts were on his own car. He also said something about an overheating issue which is why the car was back.
On a side note I have to give the San Diego Chargers props for drafting Ryan Mathews! More on him to come…
Angelo walked right up to the dumpster, sat down and proceeded to stare expectantly at Malcolm.
I feel this completely.
There was an episode of Ally McBeal once in which, at the beginning, Ally is caught by a co-worker buying some sort of prophylactic. The rest of the episode is comprised of the office speculating about why she might be buying prophylactics, and with whom she might be using them. She explains to a friend at the end of the episode that when you buy a lottery ticket, you have no intention of winning the lottery. Yes, technically someone does win the lottery, each and every time, but the odds are so astronomical that you'd have to be delusional to think that you would win. But you buy it anyway, because it just feels good to act as if you have hope. She bought the prophylactic because it was her lottery ticket. In that vein, I'm going to buy a bottle each of red wine, white wine, and, I don't know, vodka (and some cranberry juice or something to go with it). You know, just in case someone happens to want a drink. It'll be my lottery ticket. *crosses fingers*
and TRUST me, this was a very, very, very, very, VERY hard list to make
When you say you love me, too.
Because I Said So (and other tales from a less-than-perfect parent) goes on sale July 5th! Because I Said So: And Other Tales from a Less-Than-Perfect Parentcan be pre-ordered now. And I'm going to be giving away signed copies this week. All you have to do to be entered for a chance to win a copy is watch my video and leave me a comment here. Over the next few days, I'll be traveling from Chicago to Orlando with my kids to start our new life in our new house. I'll choose a random winner every time I stop for a potty break, to get gas, to get food, or to stay in a hotel for the night during our trip. That could add up to a LOT of winners!
God is our refuge and strength,
Although there had been some experiments with the style in the 19th century by the American batsman “Stonewall” Jackson (in an attempt to counter the dominance of the Philadelphia Club), it is generally agreed that it was first brought to perfection by Sir Douglas Haig.
In five years time I’m convinced these countries will be growing much more strongly but the question is will the Euro still be there. I think yes because it is too important and significant for German and French politicians to give up on. The peripheral countries want to stay part of the Euro still despite the tough measures being handed out because they realise that outside the euro, things would be much tougher. The Greeks have almost no exposure to the markets now and although another bailout is most likely, it’s not anything for the market to panic about. The Portuguese will need another bailout of about EUR30billion probably agreed sometime in the next 6 months. Portugal is due to return to the bond market in September 2013, at this point it’s unlikely this will happen because market rates will still be too high. But that’s only EUR8 billion so not much in the big picture, easily covered by the EC.
-Act 2, Scene 1, Curtain Rises
Model: BT530
Saffron - 1 heavy pinch
When "Catch the thief!" resounds aloud;
1-5 Wooden Wand And Vanishing Voice, The – Djin Rummy: The Poetry Of Lunacy 7:35
Interesting
~*~ Tobias had his surgery today. It went very well. The Dr. could NOT find ANYTHING unusual once he got in there except a muscle seems to be thickened and he's thinking that is whats causing the knot. I need to speak with Tobias' Dr. and just make sure this matches up with the sonogram where they confirmed the lymph node and then I'll be happy this nightmare is over and it turned out to be NOTHING!! ~*~
What aren’t these players and coaches getting? Is it not clear that the headshots—”kill shots”—have an effect on not just the player on the receiving end, but the defensive player who lands the hit as well? All three of the men mentioned above played on the defensive side of the ball. They were the ones making the big hits.
Some people lament that they never had the experience of climbing Mt. Everest, or never learned to scuba dive, or never visited Paris before they died but I'm more likely to regret that I didn't watch From Beyond nearly enough. Several years ago, I stopped buying movies with the same frequency that I used to. But even with slowing down, I'm still surrounded by stacks of movies that remind me of just how little time there is in a day, a week, a year, or a life.
Would you be disciplined and ride it out or would you be like many who sold in that period of time, thinking this time it is different I have to get out and not lose anymore?
And of course, the apple is loaded with mythological symbolism – Eve tempting Adam with an apple in the Garden of Eden being just one of many, so it also offers a great focal point for discussion on many levels. Not to mention recipes, and enjoying the apples themselves!
I wrote an article tracing the origin of the Korean-run deli in New York and examining the industry's current status. I interviewed Charlie Khim, one of the brothers that founded Khim's Millenium Markets in Williamsburg. He was a reasonable, affable man. Many people in Williamsburg dislike Khim's delis, blaming them for the rapid gentrification of the neighborhood, but consider it from his perspective: he is only trying to run a fair business, and if it does well enough that he can expand, isn't that reflective of the inhabitants? Gentrification is not just propelled by the businesses in the area, my friend.
Well its been a while since my last installment purely due to being so busy. I have completed 1 wedding invitation order which I should be able to share soon and I am currently working on another in between card orders!
I met with an old friend, updated her on my situation and mentioned acu. She told me about this 'amazing' man she used to work with who helped loads of women achieve pregnancy and now works all over the country. His name beings with the letters G O D! I booked an appointment with this man immediately and was very excited about it.
blue notes of the symphony soon play
Though she’d never actually been to one, and didn’t have any idea how long it might take, she thought the funeral was probably over by now. But she’d watched Mum earlier on, packing three pairs of pyjamas into the big blue holdall, wrapping their toothbrushes in one of the spare plastic bags from under the sink, so Susan knew their parents wouldn’t be coming back that day; she knew they’d be staying with Auntie Joan and Uncle George for the night.
Thus it seems that if the eurozone fails, the EU will collapse but there will still be paper stuff circulating with the word ‘euro’ on it. What, I wonder, will citizens use it for – sealing draughty windows? Nicolas Sarkozy will use rolled-up euro notes for the same purpose he always has – wags do not refer to him as ‘Narcozy’ for nothing – but even he isn’t going to need that much. I’m brokering a deal between Waddingtons and Brussels to get support for a special ‘Euromonopoly’ edition of the famous game, whereby the EU pays for the marketing (in dollars, naturally) and Waddingtons agree to take all the euro-notes off its hands to use in the commemorative sets. I am being paid in Yuan.
I am not a big fan of vampire literature, especially for teenagers. What is now semi-affectionately known as Twiglet casts a long shadow. So it was more in friendship than in preference that I have spent the last two days reading SEVEN YA Vampire books.
I really enjoyed getting these in my goody box. I love Love LOVE lip gloss and lip butters! The honey smells identical to honey and the vanilla buttercream lip butter smells good enough to eat!
and round about him a raging storm.
And across all ages, a staggering four in ten women are not married when they have children.
United DC-8 fly overhead on fire before it crashed in Park Slope in 1960. But according to my Mom, I was home at the time and may have seen it if I was staring out the back window as usual. And I can’t tell you the hundreds of dreams I have had in my lifetime, about seeing a jet on fire flying over my house.
Season 3:
Thanks so much for visiting today! Have a great weekend!
regulations for every state and also their respective secretaries of
soul to it and I believe that is what people are craving, says Green.
I do apparently :)
And then, if it is important to them to do so, I hope they will have dreams that crystallize and energize their passions to the point where they will set goals that help them achieve success on their own terms, in their own time.
It would be a writing course. Every assignment would be delivered in five versions: A three page version, a one page version, a three paragraph version, a one paragraph version, and a one sentence version.
Margaret Noble — Crossing Over
#1- Kathryn Randall Collins (D)
Sunday we went for a bike ride at a nature preserve, quite hilly, and I pulled 2nd son in the trailer almost the whole way.
“She can walk if she’s holding both of your hands,” says Kayla’s mother, Julie Smith, who supports mandatory fortification of bread with folic acid. “She couldn’t stand up on her own.
Sorry for keeping you all hanging.
Leather braided belt-Thrift Store
The village chief lights a clove-scented fag from the dog-end of another, rises and beckons me to follow. Outside, the stars blink on and off as fast-moving clouds scud across the night sky. The chief points westwards across the wide valley, over a dark ridge, then another. “Those people eat people,” the interpreter says, “but they are far away.”
Brian Wilson - guitar, keyboards, vocals
David said in Psalm 23 v 5 David said thou prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemy, I assure every one of you listening to me tonight, whether the enemies like it or not, it shall be well with you.
…yeah… that one…
“This is patently false. Take temperature over the U.S. as an example. The variability of daily temperature over the U.S. is much larger than the anthropogenic warming signal at the local, weather time scales. Depending on season and location, the disparity is at least a factor of 5 to 10. I think that a more scientifically justifiable statement, at least for the U.S. and extratropical land areas is that --- Daily weather noise continues to drum out the siren call of climate change on local, weather scales.”
Another teacher who would get quite exuberant and energetic about his subject, but who decided never to wear any deodorant, was given a can of SURE for Men on his desk every Christmas, as all his students could concentrate on were dark patches of sweat under the arms as he waved them about. We never paid much attention to the actual content of his sweat inducing rants.
16/08 20:15 M 400 Metres Hurdles Semi-Final
Sharon Isaacs - Feelings
We weren't the only ones who had fun though.. my daughter LOVED exploring our coastal locations with my husband while we were busy taking pictures.
Whilst watching the video doesn't make me giggle insanely like it used to - thinking about the video really does. Indeed even whilst in my confused stupor on my travels yesterday the rain and cars made me think of said bus and giggle muchly.
How you end up after several years of that life is different than who you become when you survive your 20′s and 30′s on familial largesse and a platinum credit card. And I’ve morphed into someone who lives something like that latter lifestyle (it’s under my own power now but it has that kind of cash in it), no matter how much of the lost world of the Tenderloin I remember. I have everything my rocker chick wanted but couldn’t afford. But she, I, we, never learned to turn that edge into a music that was heard by anyone but ourselves. Never really got that project off the ground.
Here's how I made them:
Serve with coconut chutney.
Modeling the finished product! This one was a great project for him! 25 minutes or so and totally engaged. I think I might even use Cheerios next time to make it harder (smaller holes). Will definitely be doing this again soon!
Really? Back to the drawing board Dr. Pepper.
But again...even with all that at stake, he refuses to ask for help.
This image has been in circulation for quite some time now and yes, many may considerate it to be hilarious or awesome, which it most certainly is in my opinion until you realize…Leonard and Penny slept together and Dexter and Dee Dee are brother and sister…
I found this guy a few months back and knew I wanted to feature him here. I love how he looks like he was carved from wood. He was a splurge. I didn't have a nice Santa figurine and I wanted to get one before BBC outgrows his obsession with the jolly ol' fat man. I think this one is classic enough to last through the years.
His early days in show business were a struggle. He spent several years in Yiddish theater then finally had his Broadway and English speaking debut in “We Americans” in 1926. Muni was so convincing in his role of an old man that one critic wrote: “What an outrage that this old man should have spent a lifetime waiting for his chance to appear on broadway!" In the play “Four Walls” 1927, Muni played a man his own age and was quite terrified to be out on that stage without a beard or fake puttynose to hide behind, but opening night he received a standing ovation and the next day his name was above the title in all newspaper ads and the theater marquee...MUNYA had arrived!!
But behind all the bravado, even now, the pain in FCS's voice is apparent when he says "I wanted to go on The Book Place, I wanted to go on the set", as he looks wistfully into the night sky. "It was the disappointment of my year," he relayed, "my life up to that point". FCS continued "When they said in class we need four people to go on The Book Place, I thought I'd actually get to go on The Book Place".
... that smiling, even when you really don't feel like it, really does reap rewards.
On wings made from love
And I'm practically dying with excitement because I'll be doing the same kind of thing I did last year.
each week I will post the name of a country. You then take inspiration from that country to decorate the front of your postcard. In whatever way you wish. you can stamp..collage...draw..paint...whatever you want, as long as it ties in somehow with that weeks country.
July began the 150th anniversary of the Civil War.
That’s no way to live.
That is all for this week. I'm still on the months long, never-ending hunt for a craigslist dining table... cross your fingers it happens this week. If not, I'll find something else to tackle... as always :)
This week will see a major military exercise taking place with thousands of soldiers, sailors and airmen joining the police to test security preparations ahead of the games. Exercise “Olympic Guardian” will take place at locations in London and Weymouth, Dorset, where the Olympic sailing events will be held.
2. Back Stage (Meyes, Fredriksz) 5:53
the house you lived in until you
Yes the look of
I understand the wordpress.com login/gravitar nonsense and I don’t like it either, even if it doesn’t really bother me. The main issue as I see it is combating spam. Anyway, it’s not like I get enough comments on my blog for that to be a serious issue. Or is wordpress.com a problem–they’ve been fairly good to me. For those really good at stalking, you know I have been setting up trying to move for a long time now, basically since like, Feb 2011. I’m trying to use the anibrog tourney as a motivation and get the move done before that happens, but there’s no guarantees that it will happen before whenever the May date it is that I’m suppose to compete against Spark Blog or A Product of Wasted Time. Well, I guess we will see how much I drag my feet in terms of deciding how to do it.
Be prepared for a yet another 'new' set of pictures when the third box arrives.
If there was one thing that impressed me about this book, it was how the plotting effected the characters. Gretchen, for example had grown u so much by the end of the book that I'm sure that she had actually grown inches taller. I apolgize for the weakness of that joke - my computer hates me so much that it decides to randonmly delete half of my reviews sometimes. I don't suppose yelling at it and attempted murder would help my relationship with it, will it? Anyway, though not the most well written book I have read in a while, but the uniqueness of the concept, the shiny execution and the likeable (for the msot part, anyway.) characters has erased my memory of the not so good quality of writing.
Though “Arn can recall certain experiences in chilling detail; others he can tell only in vague generalities,” McCormick writes in an author’s note at the end of the book, explaining her decision to write Pond’s true story as fiction. “He can describe the eerie click of a land mine being sprung and the hideous stink of a gangrenous leg … but no one, especially not an eleven-year-old caught in the insanity of genocide, can remember conversations, dates, and places — especially when the perpetrators worked so hard to distort reality at every turn.”
We spent that Saturday at Silver Dollar City (so fun!) and Sunday browsing around Branson's downtown shops and flea markets.
G-Dragon has produced the new album ‘ALIVE’ (in) less than a year from the last album. What is the concept of the new release?
Brendan Gannon is a web developer and multimedia producer based in Boston. He writes YA/MG fiction and blogs at http://brendangannon.net. He thinks digital publishing and mobile apps are the bee's knees, but he's also very fond of paper.
How I long for the Lord to lift these heavy burdens off of my shoulders! How I crave for my Creator to guide me along His pathways of peace. But in order for that to happen, I know that I need to let go. I need to let go of my desire for control. I need to give up my craving for perfection. And I need to allow the sovereign Christ to unfold His wonderful plan for my life. Only then will I obtain the peace that He promises, and only then will I see the beauty that exists in this imperfect world.
So - let's begin with the latest on Clean Amy. After a vague flurry of semi-interest (ie her friend looked at him. Or possibly at his friend, we're not sure) Clean Amy has not shown any interest in Sonshine at all.
But what's causing the buzz? Are we suddenly realising how precious such places are to us and how easily they could disappear if we don't visit them? Are we addicted to the thrill of discovery, which only really comes when running your eyes along rows and rows of book spines? Are we just desperate for the physical experience of picking up one book after another and flicking through them before deciding whether we want to buy or not? Have we already grown tired of online bookshops because they can only offer us products and not an experience? I'd love to hear what you think.
Roman Catholic Marymount University in 2006.
Like (1)
Three-Twelve reached out and lightly caressed her cheek like a lover, her voice as soothing to match.
I know some mirror people. They check themselves out when they walk past a shop window.
5. SIR WALTER HAMMOND (ENG) Right Hand Batsman, Right Arm Medium Fast (1927-47)
If the receiver doesn’t get the message, then the sender failed in his task. It doesn’t matter if the receiver is stupid or the message was garbled in transmission or the sender is stupid. If the message was not understood properly, then it can only be the sender’s fault. He either constructed the message inappropriately or he failed to take into account his audience.
So here's the process. It may seem like I did this in a matter of hours or a day or something...it actually took about a week of being an in-progress mess on my kitchen floor (aka my workshop). Just FYI.
It used to be all I could do to not kill myself (yes, suicide)… but now, I can’t write in here anymore. I can’t express myself without…
If we want to have a Balance Diet we should divide the daily intake of macronutrients as follows:
I know the passages at the top of this letter about the Judgment Seat of Christ are true, but I don’t understand how sins that have been taken away, that are behind God’s back, if the Lord doesn’t mark our iniquities,…then how will these sins suddenly be there again for the Lord to view? I find that thought so disturbing. If you can help me with this I would appreciate it.
At the green light, Ayrton Senna stormed into the lead from his 65th pole position leading Michael Schumacher’s Benetton Ford and the Ferrari of Gerhard Berger. Further back, JJ Lehto had stalled his Benetton from row three on the grid. The two Ligiers of Olivier Panis and Eric Bernard narrowly missed the Finn’s stricken car but Lehto was to be collected by Pedro Lamy’s fast acclerating Lotus Mugen Honda. Lamy spun into the barrier and across the road with both cars completely destroyed by the impact. Lehto suffered a light arm injury and Lamy escaped unhurt but it was a wheel from the departed Lotus that caused the mayhem this time around. It vaulted into the spectactor fencing leaving nine people, including a policeman with minor injuries. Despite all the debris on the circuit, the decision was taken to deploy the Safety Car for only the third time in Grand Prix history.
3. Antena - Le Poisson Des Mers Du Sud
Today's Foodie's Night In program, co-hosted by The Savvy Host and Cooking with Caitlin, was dedicated to pasta. "Pasta Perfetto" covered Italian noodles from homemade recipes, to favorite sauces, to wine pairing,...ending with pasta DESSERTS!
specially in a dry leaf bowl. It actually reminds me of my childhood days when I was not allowed to eat chaat or other roadside food as chaats are junk food made unhygienically but we could never resist ourselves from having a bowl of aloo kabli at our neighborhood chaat stall.Even now when I get a glimpse of it anywhere I cant restrict my temptation to have it right away. I prepare this chaat most often for my kid without adding chili as she also likes this very much.
-To boil the dumplings, gently lower them into a pot of boiling water.
So make it at your own risk!
mimics something
It has often been asked, why Alexander was determined to conquer Asia, when it gave him no more happiness than was possessed by any other man. It has also been asked, why Diogenes was left unscathed after making such remarks of derision to the most powerful man in Europe. The answer to both questions is that Alexander was succumbed by the Maelstrom, while Diogenes was an observer, far removed from the normal conflict of human existence.
3) Direct marketing has been replaced with viral, social marketing: A viral message is an idea, notion or practice that’s transmitted from per-son to person. It ignites and motivates people to move the message. Most viral marketing begins with information that is attractive to share with others. Today, viral marketing is happening primarily in social media.
but manipulated on the iPad.
into the animal barn here at the Farm House.
yep... you guessed it .. SUMMER! Is winter over yet? I know I have a while to go, so I better not start counting the days until summer yet. poo But ... doing a "summery" layout did help. ( now if I could just wear my flip flops, all would be good :)
First we'll start off with this from my Local Greenville Road Warriors
Two weeks ago he developed another URTI and has had a moist cough and pale sputum subsequently... He has noticed occasional flecks of blood in his sputum during acute episodes over the last 3-4 years. Currently he is only breathless on exertion and only gets wheezy and tight chested occasionally...
Anderson had 10 sacks last year in his only season in New England. He played right defensive end for the Pats, sharing time with fellow DE Andre Carter who also recorded 10 sacks. Anderson added a sack and a half and 5 tackles in the Super Bowl against the Giants. The 28 year old spent the first 4 1/2 years of his career with the Chicago Bears after they drafted him in the 5th round of the 2006 draft. Anderson was released by Chicago during the 2010 season and was signed by the Houston Texans where he played opposite new Bills DE Mario Williams. Anderson has 35 career sacks along with 163 tackles in his 6 year career.
If you will not hate me forever.
inviting me
Reading from the newspapers around the world, the message is the same, a distinct sense of disappointment and apprehension regarding Obama’s first year. They are not alone. If the polls are any indication—and they are—approval of Obama’s performance in office is dropping rapidly.
NL East:
Howdy all! I should be on a plane on my way back home from Los Angeles right now as long as there are no weather delays. Phew, it has been a crazy couple of days at CHA, we met a lot of great people and InStyle Stamps will be coming to many stores across the country. If you don’t see them at your local store in the next couple of weeks ask them to give us a call :)
Let’s take a step back, and take a good hard look at what worry is actually declaring, that:
But it was these denials and keeping to the straight path – they build your inner strength and give real happiness. I was a slow learner of this fundamental principle of Life, as amplified in the School of Tots blog: “Life is About Choices”. “I choose to not drink.. I choose to pray… I choose not to allow anger consume me and influence my decision…” And I saw my self and my life improving as a result.
Pizza happens to be my children's all time favourite. I am sure they will not get sick of it even if I were to make them a pizza every week. However, making pizza from scratch requires time...and a bit more effort than cooking a pot of fish porridge. I could have made the pizza dough in advance and freeze them, but so far I have not done it. I really have yet to accept the idea of stocking up on frozen food. My freezer compartment remains quite empty most of the time.
When we send out our invitations for the reunion we put a little reminder that we are having an auction and to be working on your stuff. We try to do this because we do mostly handmade items. It can be anything you can make and some store bought stuff pops in too (mostly candy). We have had jewelry, purses, aprons, bridles, cookies, fudge, caramel apples, jerky, Christmas ornaments, pillowcases, coupons for babysitting, really the items cover a wide range of stuff.
-You can sub all of the flours above for a favorite GF all-purpose flour mix if that is easier for you or what you have available. Just start with 1 1/2 cup of your flour mix and if it seems too wet then add a touch more flour, up to 1/4 cup.
Did we always back a winner?
I got on a greyhound bus and left my cozy home in Colorado and traveled to Los Angeles, California–a place that I knew nothing about. I met this man in downtown LA. I stayed with him for a month and knew I had to get out of there. In that month I was used and abused. Hit, choked, raped–you name it. Turns out, the police would tell me later, I was involved in a prostitution ring. If I had stayed any longer I would have ended up out on the street.
Because he’s still speaking.
There are a lot of talented crafty women on this hop and I hope you enjoy looking through their hop entries. So now please hop on over to Cynthia - http://cynchronicity.wordpress.com/ for the next fairyesq creative project.
Chris loves to hang out at home on his vacations
Here is what I came up with:
I like to think I'm my landlord's favorite tenant. A non-fussy tenant, a timely rent-paying tenant, a swell tenant, a tenant's tenant--a low-maintenance tenant. Lately, I'm not so sure.
Dearest Dragon
Among the questions asked by the seekers is an interpretation of their visions. Having imparted meditation tools to them, they gladly plunge into the meditation experience, and sooner or later they’d experience every kind of visioning.
"I think it didn't do anything but bruise me. Lets keep going."
But suspended lazily in a perpetual wait
He presented the tribute to Eglon king of Moab. Now Eglon was a very fat man.
The motivation for this work was originally a way of validating the righteousness of my new found life away from the Midwest and the burdens I associated with it; the oppressive religious dictates of Catholism, the intellectual and emotional oversimplification of women, the dictate to be seen and not heard, the inevitable future of children and the narrow range of intellectual work. The Emily Dickenson poem 505 describes what might be at stake by staying rather than leaving, of being created rather than creating.
The Advisors Excel Creative Team has even designed these wine tasting invites for specific advisor offices (nominal $50 fee.) From there you could then print them locally or get pricing done using their sources.
6. If you were going to a sporting event, what sport would you choose?
Congratulations Shirley, grab the winner's badge from the sidebar and email me (Donna) at kraftygirlz@virginmedia.com to claim your prize from Crafty Emma and also send a list of the 5 digi's you would like and we'll get that sorted for you.
Unfortunately, with a very average adventure film. Despite everything that’s thrown on screen in an attempt to entertain, it all misses the mark.
In looking at the many beliefs concerning Lilith, one common thread remains clear… she did not answer to any man or God. Even when she was threatened and given ultimatums, she chose her own path. It can be argued that there are so many accounts of Lilith that knowing the true one would be impossible. However, it can also be argued that these many stories have more similarities than differences. It is in those similarities that we may find the answer to this mysterious woman.
3 tbsp. water
9. Within Sickened Prospects
Hi everyone! Some of my blogging friends are sharing their favorite cards of 2011 and I wanted to join in the fun so here are some of my favorite cards from this year. I had a hard time choosing at first then I went back and tried to pick one from each month and this is what I came up with, enjoy!!!
Jared is up… to be continued…
193How the dear object from the crime remove,
NOTE: If we fear the Lord we will repent. God hates a perverse mouth
At this point, remove your cherries from the jar, but save the juice! If you have lots of cherries (e.g., my Costco sized jar), start placing a cherry into each crust. If you have a smaller jar, cut each cherry in half or go buy another jar. Yes, I did call my husband at his basketball game and ask him to pick me up a new jar.
Thanks to Tazzy and Piggy for the hours I spent enjoying your company on your blog, on the Poofter Cam and on Taz Radio. I’m thankful for your friendship and huge, loveable personalities.
5.) Let them know they have been chosen by leaving a comment on their blog.
For the meek shall possess it in perpetual peace, and nothing shall be taken from their rights, “when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption, and this mortal shall have put on immortality” (1 Cor. 15:53), that their danger may turn into reward, and what was a burden become an honour.
BREAKING IN – This cat has only two lives. I expect it to be gone.
Work is going well - one of my favourite things about work is how, when we put a "light news" story on our facebook wall (for example, the weekly 'Cute Animal News' wrap on Fridays) we get floods of comments saying "Come on 3 News! This isn't news! Give us some news! How dare you call yourself a news website! WHERE IS MY NEWS?"
I’m actually feeling a little sad that the season is drawing to a close and am already looking forward to next season!
A truly great Android game knows how to play nice: how to fit seamlessly into the system of apps, services, and UI features that run on Android devices. In this multi-part series of posts, Android Developer Relations engineers who specialize in games explain what it takes to make your game play nice.
I have my mother and little sister waiting… Until I return home with pictures and information on the products and food I decided to purchase.
And then there is the surest sign of all….the arrival of the bees! Orchardists “rent” beehives every spring to help pollinate the orchards. A pick up truck arrives with a load of hives which get set out in the orchards in just the right spot to optimize bee activity. The busy bees, flit from blossom to blossom collecting pollen and in the process spreading the “seed” to allow for pollination. It’s a tough job but these industrious insects merrily buzz about helping out with the reproductive cycle and guaranteeing another year of cherries, plums, apples, pears and peaches. Some fruit like peaches are self fruitful and don’t require much help. Others like cherries are very dependent on just the right conditions and the help of bees. When blossom season is over, the apiarist collects his hives, sends us a bill and heads up north where many of these same bees will pollinate alfalfa fields and other crops. In fact bees, pollinate 1/3 of the food that we eat!
I’m scared shitless and excited all at the same time. The fear is sometimes overwhelming. It’s all too much too fast. I did not want this. I wasn’t looking for love, or the one, or a heart stopping romance. I wanted light, casual, and meaningless. None of those words can be used to describe the last six weeks. I have had to force myself several times over the last two weeks not to walk away out of fear. He scares me, what I feel scares me. I’m counting sleeps until I see him again for fuck sakes people!! He sends me texts before I go to bed, “Good night ma petite”. I think of him and smile.
Follow our granola bar recipe BUT don't add any of the extras to it like nuts or raisins. It will make it a bit harder to stick together.
you’ve got.
The top five bandwidth Websites, and the percentage of all bandwidth they used, were:
The founding member of the PRB, Dante Gabriel Rossetti, is known for his works of art as well as his poetry which according to his most thersitical critic at the time, Robert Buchanan, belonged to the The Fleshy School due to its amative and erotic nature. Writing about Rossetti after the publication of his collected poems, Buchanan yirred: “In petticoats or pantaloons, in modern times of in the middle ages, he is just Mr Rossetti, a fleshy person, with nothing particular to tell us or teach us…” But Rossetti did have something to teach us by making his poetic work a critical mirror reflecting the image back to the reader and thereby inviting him to trace aspects of his own experiences and perceptions in the verses – a technique which was quite new in Victorian England.
...we may look upon the charts as an illustration of all the boldest assumptions which it is possible, and to some extent permissible, to make in order to simplify description and to construct an ideal schema with which to compare observations. In particular, all cycles have four phases of equal length, amplitudes of plus and minus excursions are equal and constant, periods are also constant, and each of the two higher cycles consists of an integral and constant number of units of the next lower movement."
~Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton
This just is not the way to follow up a classic film - it isn't done in the same visual style, it doesn't have the same level of acting, it hasn't got ONE SONG in the whole thing, and it's more likely to provoke nightmares than wonder. Fairuza Balk plays it more like Indiana Jones than Judy Garland, and she's acting alongside special effects 75% of the time. Running through some poppies would probably have helped the situation.
Preheat oven to 350F. Thinly slice the baguette on a diagonal and lay on a baking sheet. Lightly brush with olive oil and bake for 7 minutes or so until the bread is lightly crispy.
After the gym we met up with some friends at the children's farm in town. Ryann was enjoying watching the geese run around. However all she talked about for the rest of the day was how we saw a peacock but it didn't open its feathers. I think she was pissed about that :o). Apparently all the walking around the farm wore her out, because I had to wake her from another 3 hour nap. We spent the afternoon coloring away. Her crossed little footies and cute ponytail were making my heart swell.
4/27/2012 2:51:18 PM 66.150.117.33 Intruder unblocked
And there was! We stayed at Mehves Hanim Konagi, it was a lovely old Ottoman Style house, wonderfully refurbished. The proprietor was great. Since it was just my parents and me we thought we could share a large room. However, since there was no room with 3 beds (only cots for children) she gave us two rooms for the price of one.
Bulelani Ngcuka - South Africa's former Director of Public Prosecutions,
Indeed, The Book of Revelation, the last book of the Bible, makes a stronger statement!
return to a place where the taxes live
If these measures were not introduced to drive lone parents out of the workplace, they were introduced through ignorance of the real character of lone parents. I suspect this may have been the case. To justify the lowering of the age threshold, the Minister and its other defenders state that the current system has not managed to lift lone parents out of poverty and that a disproportionate number of them live in or are affected by poverty. The implication is that, given the fact that lone parents are not working, they need to be incentivised to work. The key point is that 60% of them are working and they do not need to be incentivised by reducing their payments.
Bronnie has had a colourful and diverse past, but by applying the lessons of those nearing their death to her own life, she developed an understanding that it is possible for people, if they make the right choices, to die with peace of mind. In this book, she expresses in a heartfelt retelling how significant these regrets are and how we can positively address these issues while we still have the time.
Here are the options that will be available on Wednesday:
would it?
Pressure cook the grated ash gourd with the remaining milk until the vegetable is just about tender, the shreds still defined and the milk is well combined. This may take about two whistles or four minutes pressure cooking after the optimum pressure has been achieved.
However, it is the silence of MCA and other UMNO lackeys that are most deafening.
Going on at about 8:20, the band made an immediate impact with a “Mississippi Half-Step” opener. It’s always somehow disquieting to hear him sing Jerry’s songs, but Weir got the crowd to respond by belting out the line “pray for better weather,” his breath pluming out into the chilly air.
Ah well, at least they arrived in time to make a wee Valentine's card for Greg. Pity I couldn't get a decent pic though!
1 cup beef stock
Step 2: Gradually replace all of your staples in the pantry with organic items as they run low. Switch to organic for produce with thin skins such as berries, apples, celery and peaches. Hold off on produce with thicker skins if you cannot afford to immediately switch to all organic.
I guess at least no-one's going to suggest that they heard that insult from me...
And I don't think it's unreasonable to have one day a month for doing that!
“Tooom-myyyyy!”
The “pornographic pictures of young girls” Finn became aware of more than fit the definition of what the Bishop knew authorities should be alerted to, Baker said. “There were policies in place. But they didn’t use them,” Baker said.
Good morning, loves! And happy Thursday!
1 - 2 tsp salt or to taste
I’ve found my favorite TV show. It’s a drama about a French restaurant and the person who owns it – a cute 30 year old who gave up his dream of having a successful band to do this. I can understand most of it and there is a lot of food involved! There are some other dramas I’ve been watching (I’m glad a lot of those variety show were just for New Year’s) and I think hearing Japanese often has really helped mine improve. I’m still having some troubel speaking – mostly because I don’t get much practice. But I am understanding more and more and I seem to learn at least a few words or patterns from each program I watch. I’m also dreaming in Japanese so that’s a good sign. I’m impressed at how many foreigners on TV speak Japanese very well. That wasn’t the case when I was here last. The only foreigners on TV were models – and I don’t think they could speak Japanese.
I think that it is for this reason that in a Twitter exchange (under the #followreader hash tag) earlier this year, Tim Spadling, founder of LibraryThing, described publishers’ current approaches to eBooks as publishers selling their inheritance for a mess of potage.
music making in the form of an online collaborative DAW... All in real time!
I knew some: fuck, fucking, fucked, fucker. Others were strange, all corners and edges: tenure review, distorted data, retracted publications. Mortgage. What now?
My personal favorite is Norm MacDonald (follow him, by the way: @normmacdonald). Him live blogging through his twitter account through the Oscars was one of the funniest things ever.
There are over 200 working pinball machines, some dating back to the 1950's. Each machine has a placard on top that gives the machine's history; the year it was constructed, how many of that model were manufactured, the designer and critical player reaction. You can really lose yourself in this place, especially if you're in a certain age category that will go unmentioned. It's $10 bucks for an hour of open play and worth every penny.
PROS: employs many pratfalls, not afraid to employ brute force when it comes to firing employees, dislikes rabbits with mistletoe
Following on the heels of SIXTY-ONE NAILS, Niall Petersen becomes a new Warder with the responsibility of protecting the High Council of the Seven Fayre Courts, and cleaning up after individual Fayre who go beyond their bounds.
Am I a soldier of the cross,
She’s an honest defector
Life with Kerri hopes all the Moms had a wonderful Mother's Day too!
This strikes me as extremely contrived, artificial, hollow, and quite frankly boring. Nowhere in the natural world do we find a script for our interactions with others. Think about your daily interactions with your family, friends, coworkers, etc. Do you ever get to control them, tell them what they will do in response to something you do? Of course not. They have free will. Similarly, when roleplaying your character, your character has an analogue of his own free will (i.e., your will as expressed through your character, and constrained by, inter alia, believability, the suspension of disbelief, and your character’s inherent character traits).
to make each moment count!
In a face-to-face interaction you can truly listen to your client and understand what he or she really need opposed to any other communication via the phone or email.
By rejecting his teaching,
The best way to start your program is to make a Solid Commitment to yourself.
I never will.”
There was only one hour left to go before the rally was due to finish at 4pm. Which Bersih protester would be crazy enough to defy discipline at such a time when the mood was so happy and harmonious?
SweetSpears
The 6th day of CNY, and I am back to KL after a run around for 5 days… and of course, I have got lots and lots of fun over the CNY!!
Now on a much lighter note, how about some pictures of this morning's excitement? Our county has an annual hot air balloon festival right down the street from us at Lake Shawnee and this morning they took flight. We are in the flight path and turned out to be the landing field for many of them because of the thick air that kept them from gaining altitude. I was giddy as a kid watching them fly overhead and land next door! The first picture is kind of fuzzy, but you get the idea. That Jack in the Box was the cutest thing ever!
Merry Christmas all !!!
Yep, we paid close to 8 bucks for a box of Speical K. Cereal is a real treat here, and what better time to treat yourself than pregnancy. Now if only I could get my hands on some Eggo frozen waffles...
# cd
But, I am not the one in control.
During an interesting afternoon speaking to some young offenders (16-20yr olds) about books one asked if my novel Spider (about joyriding) was real. His expression and the way he asked made it clear that if it was real then that was fine, but he didn't seem to think it would be valid, or worth reading, if it was made up.
3 Memorium 5:33
So I did five three-minute rounds of jump rope on the padded ring floor (my shins are a little sore afterward--uh-oh, hope it's not shin splints), several rounds of shadow boxing, a couple of rounds on the double-end bag, and, awkwardly since I had gloves on, a round on the speed bag (usually you use wrapped hands on the speed bag). I did a little, not-so-forceful heavy-bag training, since I didn't have wraps.
The Right Moment
one more flower's scent
Mike had the Steak House Salad with blue cheese dressing.
Aspartame is an artificial sweetner used in “sugar-free” products such as diet sodas and chewing gum. Since its discovery in 1965, Aspartame caused great controversy regarding its health risks – primarily causing brain tumors – and was denied its application to be sold to the public by the FDA. Searle, the company attempting to market Aspartame then appointed Donald Rumsfeld as CEO in 1977 … and things changed drastically. In a short period of time, Aspartame could be found in over 5,000 products.
Lance Lynn (2-0) 1.50 ERA
Groupthink, a term coined by social psychologist Irving Janis (1972), occurs when a group makes faulty decisions because group pressures lead to a deterioration of “mental efficiency, reality testing, and moral judgment”
As soon as we had a name for it, I wrote to C's teachers. I explained the problems he was having in class (we'd already had his Section 504 meeting that year so there were no accommodations in place for this) and asked that they let him change seats, wear his ear buds, whatever worked for them and him in the classroom. They were all very understanding, though unfortunately nothing we tried really worked and he had a very stressful spring semester as a result.
So what is Nature Poetry? As the flier says, the judges will give this a wide interpretation. That’s up to them, but I’d imagine it won’t have to be just poems about creatures and beings that share the planet, or about ‘environmental concerns’. We are all air and water, everything we eat comes from the earth or the sea, most people know the roughness of a leaf or the heft of a stone can change a mood or express a feeling. I asked a 16 year old, What is nature? and she said, insects and grass: I asked a 32 year old the same question and she said, the sun and the moon and the stars and flowers and fruit and babies. You might just have to write your poems and take a risk.
The door of his wife’s car was open, as was the front door to the house and there was no sign of the dog. Proceeding into the entry, he found an even bigger mess. A lamp had been knocked over, and the throw rug was wadded against one wall.
I can't believe I'm 2 weeks away from my due date. It seems like everyone says the last month or so goes SOOOO slow, but I couldn't disagree more. Maybe it's because it's the end of the school year and I'm super busy with trying to prep for that as well as prep for my LT sub? Either way, I'm very anxious to meet Carson but I also know that I'll miss feeling his kicks all the time. (Sounds dumb but it's such a great feeling!) I went to the doctor for my 38w appointment and she wants to set up an induction! She said my body is "obviously very ready" and since Carson's heart rate has been lower and he has been consistently measuring ahead, she would love to induce me NEXT FRIDAY MAY 18th!!! Every week she acts surprised that he hasn't come yet so I'm kind of hoping he comes before the induction date just because inductions make me nervous.
Now get out there and hit the walkway with your new walker ski glides and remember, BE SAFE.
Ron Paul’s economic policy is flawed to the point where it would cause a greater economic crash than the one in 2008. He and his followers don’t totally understand how US economics work. They think magic somehow drives the Federal Reserve, and somehow without the magic, the economy will win out in the end. “Pure capitalism” is their chant. More like “broken capitalism.”
In her book on Times Square redevelopment, Times Square Roulette, author Lynne Sagalyn described Stuckey's attitude toward deal making, while at the city's Public Development Corporation, "more closely matched the maxim 'the ends justify the means.'"
Well, it's still a landfill. Clutter, clutter, clutter. I had to be home one day to wait for the plumber. I got so much done in just a couple of hours. I need that time. I want that time. But, I can't take that time. (see subtitle "Work".)
more respect for the earth and each other.
Rumors of Water is subtitled thoughts on creativity and writing, which in one way is a fair summary of what you will find in its pages, but in another sells it far, far short. When you open this book what you receive is an invitation to take a journey with L.L. as she home-schools her daughters, “struggling to show them that creativity is theirs for the taking.” (p. 15) In these pages we are given the precious gift of being invited learn with Sara and Sonia, of eavesdropping some of their conversations, of having a ringside seat at some important moments in their lives, of celebrating their triumphs and sharing their disappointments. All in all, this is a very intimate book.
Right! So, we would want a president who is slim, young, has a good leg, is famous and has well-groomed hair. If it’s a woman, she should know better than to wear those boring sarees. Especially when she’s on a beach. That’s all that matters, yes?
I stamped the owl with Memento Tuxedo Black on some light gray paper, and colored it with copic markers. I used E25, E29, E53, for the feathers, and YR12 on the feet and beak and eyes. I also used my glitter pen on the eyes, but it doesn't show in this picture.
Not generally available in the shops and not cheap, but well worth a one-off purchase or subscription.
his journey begins on Sunday
To spend a moment to think of me
2) They sang about who God is.
My card tonight is another free image by
I have seen vegans say you need to read certain books in order to call yourself a vegan. Sorry, wrong! illiterates can be vegan too, as long as they exclude — as far as is possible and practical — all forms of exploitation of, and cruelty to, animals.
"Did you win? Did you win?".
On this particular day, I was so engrossed in the excitement of eating out (I loves a good meal out!) that I forgot about my little crossing quirk. That was, until we came to the edge of a pavement adjacent to a busy road. It was a pedestrian crossing. The button was pressed to summon the little green man. He was taking his time (perhaps he was on lunch). The others grew impatient, waited for a clearing, then crossed without him! The fear kicked in. WHY WOULD THEY DO THAT!?
With a new deck installed, the owners wanted to connect and extend their new outdoor living space further into the back yard and at the same time connect no less than seven different access points to the house and surrounding pathways. The challenge was to solve several problems with the site including a severe slope making maintenance an issue. Poor drainage causing erosion and runoff problems, and a lack of livable space in the back yard made for an existing landscape that wasn’t functional.
I usually clean a LOT too. Like I'll do the whole kitchen- take everything out, scrub twice and then put it all back and same with the bathroom. But instead, I'm too lazy. The sheer thought of it gets me anxious. I had all these plans for things I was going to get done today and I don't want to do anything but lying in bed makes me feel irritated at myself and bored.
And Gideon the obsequious continues to pay the interest - never the principal! - on the original loan at five per cent like the good little Shabbat Goy he is. (You remember how giddy with exultation - "I've arrived!" - was Gideon when he was invited to Nat Rothschild's yacht to socialise with that usurer's creatures, such as, for instance, one of his main Russian-Jewish Mafia/Semya/Mishpucka underbosses Deripaska, and the disgusting Mandelson, who was and remains his main conduit to his minions in the labour 'leadership').
It ought to make you proud.
“Then you are blind, as is the man that you serve.” The white clad marine shook his head. “If you were vigilant, you would have seen this coming.”
so to me...this was a dream!
Desperate times call for desperate measures, you see.
In an unexpected way, perhaps his father was correct, from this perspective: today, you don’t see “Barack Obama” happier than when he’s with the Indonesian President.
Exhibit A: "Presenting A Head With Wings by Anouk Kruithof":
I still can't extend my arm all the way out, though I haven't worn a sling since the first week of my injury, but, after the news in the second week that the cracked ankle bone wasn't healing in a perfectly aligned manner - a millimeter off, the doc said - I did get better news on the ankle today. No more shifting of dem pesky bones. Gonna peel open a Halloween Fun-Size peppermint patty sometime today in celebration - perhaps when I sit out on my porch later tonight and give candy to the spooky things that pass by. Apparently, every NOPD district station will be giving away candy as well...just a couple of days after they had a prescription toss-out event. Check your treats, kids.
I have deliberately specified research buyers as the leaders here. Can the clients help as they did in the early days of the US’s, Europe’s and parts of A-P’s development? Should they insist, for example, that where they have a global deal, the agencies on the roster must provide suitably qualified candidates to service their accounts? If not, in markets where the roster agency does not invest in the staff, the clients should be allowed to choose amongst local or regional operators who do get their people trained. This would give the smaller specialists a motivation to also qualify their staff over and above the usual reasons.
2 large eggs, lightly beaten
By: Sandra Gordon
But it can be intense at times. The kids and I don’t do this lightly. We have a ton of fun, but we put 110% into our days. This time of year is especially difficult, as we’ve been at it for six months and still can’t quite see the end of the tunnel that is summer.
Amy (daughter) is an artist, designer, home stylist, and admirer of vintage and unusual items. She enjoys buying unique items for resale and specializes in cottage, French, Steampunk, and designs with a ‘European’ flair. “The ‘thrill of the hunt’ and shopping for the unusual is my favorite part of the job”, says Amy. She also enjoys painting, repurposing, and altering vintage pieces to be used in the home. Amy’s designs are often inspired by her love of nature. From owning vintage shops, doing specialty art shows, or designing and styling homes, Gloria & Amy have been involved in almost every aspect of the vintage & art worlds. They have been painting, creating, & repurposing in preparation of the Vintage Marketplace and are very excited to offer their unique items at the May show. Visit their blog for updates of what they are preparing for the show http://aroyalnest.blogspot.com
Tim Hart (vocals, electric guitar, acoustic guitar, electric dulcimer, banjo)
The U.S.-led coalition routinely reports each time an American or foreign soldier is killed by an Afghan in uniform.
His aim is neither to depress His holy disciples by words too grievous, being aware, as God, of the great |408 tendency of human reason to weakness, nor again does He permit them by immoderate assurances to fall into a state of backsliding, for this is indeed a disease and a serious one. But forming a mean between these two from a mixture of both, He fitly leads them into a safe path, and works in them a knowledge of the more stable state and of the complete uncertainty of that which is removed from it.
If you want the recipe, just email me! Try these!!
You have unlocked my shattered soul
'Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings.
That's how I feel about hearing live music or going to concerts. Its my favorite thing to do in my spare time. A couple days before the Tim McGraw concert, some friends talked me into going. Plus lawn seats were only $20 ($30 after fees). Who could pass that up?
Freeing the oppressed: One way of paraphrasinging this, which I rather like, is “apostling away free those who are crushed to pieces.” I particularly enjoy this because of the way that it detoxifies apostleship from its association with hierarchical superiority. The assumption of this is so strong in so much contemporary church thinking and cultural forms that continue to associate the restoration of apostleship with expectations of wealth, sumptuous offices and the power to hire and fire without recourse to consultation or justice. Then secondly it is good because it reveals the practical capacity of the incarnation to make the most broken victims of evil transcendence the primary advocates for the good. In so doing it upends the kingdoms of this world.
“We all hate the Allman Brothers,” Lane responds when questioned about what the group draws from. ”Honestly though, all we have in the car when we travel is Pet Sounds and different albums from The Beatles, but mostly Abbey Road.”
This page contains short book reviews by several contributors, while longer reviews continue to appear in each issue of The VVA Veteran. Our goal is to review every newly published book of fiction, non-fiction, and poetry that deals with the Vietnam War or Vietnam veterans.
Did you get that? No man could redeem himself from the wages of sin. But God sent His own Son, Jesus Christ to pay that price. He bought me out of the slave market.
2.) The Adventures of Prince Achmed (Germany, 1926)
Oh yeah, and please excuse the squished boobs...Like I said yesterday, it is an extra large but in KIDS meaning boobless! haha
Newman’s Own Thin & Crispy Pizza $1/1
We did have
My son was born—after a 60-minute labor!—in July 2004. And in the months that followed, my resistance to marriage started to melt away. Yes, both Olli and I thought marriage would be convenient, now that we were parents. But in my eyes at least, it was also true that San Francisco’s season of same-sex weddings had raised the value of marriage. I remembered that couple in white, sitting in the grass; perhaps I hoped marriage would give me the peace it seemed to give them.
I got everyone on my list done, except my parents, the hardest people to buy for ever. Well, my mom's not so hard because we pretty much like the same stuff, but my dad is impossible. (I hope you read this and tell me what you want!)
Here is another practical hint based upon the f/16 Rule: Have you ever attempted to take a picture of the moon only to get a bright, uniformly washed out, disk hanging in dark sky? Let’s test your astronomy knowledge for a moment. The light of the moon comes from ______? If you answered “the sun,” you get a gold star!! Since it is reflecting the sun’s light, it too obeys the f/16 rule. Try setting your camera on a tripod, focusing your longest lens on a full moon, set your camera to manual, set f/16 at the ISO speed of your sensor or film, and fire the shutter using the self timer or a cable release. To play it safe, shoot one at f/11 at the ISO speed too just in case there is some haze in the way. Bet you will get a much better image of our lunar satellite that way! Of course, to minimize camera shake, you can crank up your shutter speed and set your f/stop appropriately now that you understand the rules, right?
Mantous (Chinese steamed buns) are normally shaped in round spiral. Due to my inconsistencies, these mantous have been transformed to triangular instead, which remind me of onigiri (a Japanese rice ball which are normally formed into triangular shapes). Soft and fluffy, they go well with a cupof green tea too! A new food fusion perhaps? :)
//-->Yes, there is a variety of investment options available through EdVest. Upon opening an acount you will have the option to select a particualr type. Then after you have invested money you have the ability to modify your option once per year.
I had been contented with my life so far. In fact, I considered myself blessed to be born in a developed and meritocratic place like Singapore and to be born into a happy and relatively well-to-do family. But she sparked within me a certain envy- envy of her independence, her freedom- an envy that grew and consumed me all at once.
Because Hitch really, really blows.
If you can make one heap of all your winnings
I woke up this morning … and I sat there.
But it’s a day I’ll never forget.
Today's free printable is no different. Zephaniah 3:17 has become a very powerful and meaningful verse of scripture in my life over the past few years.
A little over a year ago, I spoke about change permeating my life and the visceral response it can elicit when I’m faced with it. And while I have grown, learned and benefited from many of these changes, the onset of them always starts out the same: with angst, fear and a feeling of impending loss.
Regardless! I’ve got two weeks left of spring semester, then summer semester starts June 4th, and ends July 6th or so; then I graduate! I’m done! But I feel as if I should be kicking into high gear to transfer to a university for my Bachelors degree. But it’s the end of April, so I’m way late for doing anything, seems like. We will see how things turn out Tuesday when I meet with the pastor. Life is so crazy, I swear!
Paperback: 240 pages
No one at these comic conventions cares who you are, only that you look worse in your manga costume than they do.
Anwaar: Mother, how can you stand there knowing that your child will be killed? How can you bear the thought of forever loosing a child?
The Tramp, who once found the most inventive ways to steal a snack, is now strapped into a chair before a revolving set of dinner plates and metal arms that stuff processed food down his throat. He dangles from a huge hook, like Douglas Fairbanks brandishing his sword, only now it’s an oilcan. He runs from a cop, but stops to punch his timecard. He ends up in a mental hospital.
Dialogue with two people is easy. You don’t need many speaker attributes because they can take turns conversing. And you know who is in conflict. With several people, you have a litany of he said/she saids, dispersed conflicts, and long drawn out conversations. In real life, people talk over each other, which can’t be easily portrayed in a book. (Or even in a movie – in the nineteen seventies they tried for realism in dialogue with two people talking at the same time, and it was very confusing. And annoying.)
So, do we actually need this tier of government, especially given the existence of the Assembly which was only a dream in 1995 when the current local government map was drawn?
The quarterback competition in question was John David Booty, with an injured thumb, versus Mark Sanchez.
Height: 400 pages
I don’t have a favorite show but I recently got into Modern Family and have been loving it!
My largest fear of speaking a language that I can barely command is the two-fold dread of…
I get Annie’s Cheddar Classics because they’re organic and sugar-free. Apart from that, they’re pretty standard cheese-flavored wheat crackers, but handy to have around because kids love them and they’re a little more filling than the other snacks I keep for Jacob.
"Joe?" Annika asks in bewilderment, "Who's he?"
Does this happen often?? And are there ways to better secure and keep an eye on my bank account through PayPal when it is under my account?
about things, but once I get the stuff out it comes together,
I am very, very, very tired tonight but I wanted to put up a little something of what's been going on around the house. I loaded these pics last night but just didn't have the energy to finish.
Before the final hymn
Yes- Strep throat for me.
When I was growing up, baby clothes were just baby clothes, not girl clothes or boy clothes. Babies then looked angelic, grumpy, and naughty, much as they do now, in a cute, genderless way. Peggy Orenstein, author of Cinderella Ate My Daughter: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the New Girlie-Girl Culture, grew up in a different part of world and is a couple of decades my senior, but it does seem like she has similar memories of babies dressed in light-colored unisex clothing.
Not only had Matt and my sister went to a lot of work to invite all the people I love, they provided quite the spread of food! Lindsey, Mom and I'm sure many others worked all day friday and saturday to put this beautiful table together. What a gift!
I didn't get to finish the sentence, however, as I was brought up short by something that told me I had left reality and ended up somewhere else entirely.
Collecting Free Stuff
But what no man has attempted is to discover is the theoretical boundary to infinity of the e-mail queen. It's really a simple exercise when you think about it. Normally after about a month of e-mailing the e-mail queen guys like me just give up. But, my young scientists, what would happen if you just kept e-mailing the e-mail queen. Would we in fact reach infinity? Or would we discover the limit of the e-mail queen or rather the point where we might actually intersect with the e-mail queen!
They're the only people who see a helicopter crash on the NJ Turnpike? Really? You can't pry me out of NYC with a crowbar so I haven't actually ever seen the NJ Turnpike, but I looked up the stats and it seems like there are more than 100,000 cars on the NJ Turnpike daily. If they're not the only people who see it, why are they targets?
No, wait: That's God, me, and Robert Frost.
The Rangers versus Capitals series continues at 12:30 on Saturday.
role of study components of the problem for the Council and external forces that work to join it and work to improve the performance of the Council and the restructuring and activating the institutional work and prepare for a future stage contain all the parties.
Me uncaged
I used this quote with gay abandon (fully attributed of course) last week when I was talking to a group of businesswomen about how working mums can make time for themselves in the melee of work and family life. But the same advice could be directed at writers.
If you're a male white-faced capuchin, your job is to look out for predators and warn the group. Cayenne failed badly. Perhaps that’s why Kathy Lee was so upset with him. He also later stole a grasshopper from her by biting her hand, and now Kathy Lee was really mad, gathering the whole group to threaten and shout at Cayenne. Not a proud moment in his career as an alpha male, but for me it was really nice to see Kathy Lee, now a grandmother - still feisty after all these years.
The demon Lilith has been destroyed and Jace has been freed from her captivity. But when the Shadowhunters arrive to rescue him, they find only blood and broken glass. Not only is the boy Clary loves missing–but so is the boy she hates, Sebastian, the son of her father Valentine: a son determined to succeed where their father failed, and bring the Shadowhunters to their knees.
Having been a journalist for over two decades, I usually find much to laugh about in the depiction of reporters in the movies. Hacks on the silver screen usually go running from one scoop to the next, without ever having to do any of the hard work or put up with the mundane stuff that is always involved in digging out a “story”.
Yes, friends who give bags of fabric (or yarn) are by far the best sorts of people to know.
The boys ran down to the barn and put a bridle on Maud. Muck had long legs and jumped up on Maud’s back. Then he took her over close to the corral so Finn could climb up on the rails and get onto the horse’s back. Urging Maud to a slow gallop, they were off.
My husband was the official photographer...I can't wait to see what his pictures look like.
It means that you’ve got to stay on your toes as a writer. It is SO much easier to take the dark path and succumb to the temptation of Deus ex Machina or the improbably learned skill that just happens to bail the characters out at the last second (Oh, yah, a couple of years ago I took a bomb defusing class. Never thought it would come in handy until now…). This is bad Juju of the highest order. Your readers will spot it, regardless of how you spin the explanation for it and if you get caught, maybe they’ll forgive you. Then again, maybe not.
While this is the global version that Samsung showed off at its unveiling event, an LTE version of the Galaxy S III phone will come to the U.S., but it isn’t slated until December, a full year after the Samsung Galaxy Nexus launched on Verizon.
“What do you want us to do, Gunny?” Tanner rarely took long to get to the point of a matter.
Favorites: “Extracts From Adam’s Diary – Mark Twain (1893) – The Garden of Eden was in Niagara Falls. Adam’s diary reveals how he met Eve and also why he referred to Cain as Kangaroorum Adamiensis. There are also extracts from Eve’s diary about her dealings with the serpent and her efforts to stop Adam from having fun by constantly going over the Falls.
Obey City – Fallin
think about your future you
McLaren gives a pretty clear definition of violence, which Mr. Webster would basically agree with: “force with the intent of inflicting injury, damage, or death.” He then gives what he says are “four primary responses to the question of God’s violence.”
popsicles
Could have done a WAY better job at decorating the joint....
“Fine with me,” I said, snuggling into his side.
The conspiracy continues.
Neotame is used as a substitute for molasses in cattle feed. The product is marketed as “Sweetos” in India, and according to a press release, cattle consume more fodder when mixed with Sweetos—a statement that effectively bursts the myth that artificial sweeteners like neotame are excellent diet aids
Already revealed as judges for this event are: former Baby Blue Sound Crew member and G98.7 FM radio personality Kerry Lee Crawford; FLOW 93.5 FM drive time diva Jeni JJ McKenzie; legendary spoken word artist and writer “Doctor Poetry” Robert Priest; urban soul-pop singer Melanie Durrant; Canadian hip-hop pioneer Maestro and Canada’s “hip-hop ambassador” producer-rapper Kardinal Offishall. The identity of the seventh and final judge will be revealed by Morgan on Friday.
That didn’t make it easier for her, but she had to press on regardless. “A few things. First, I talked to Lizzie today. She told me where she thinks the journal is, up in Gallo’s attic. He’s got like a den or music room up there, and he’s got a closet that she thinks is locked and might have important stuff in it.” She turned her back against the door to face him as he drove. “And I was talking to Gallo online last night.”
The best news about today though was that I looked up what lesson I'll be doing for my observation and it is one of my absolute favorites!! Our story that week will be "If You Give A Pig A Pancake" by Laura Numeroff. The comprehension strategy is for the students to understand the difference between realism and fantasy. Now I know I'm going to find a exciting, engaging, super-fun way that makes me look like an awesome, amazing, creative, and thoughtful teacher! So I sigh a little relief tonight knowing that the actually formal observation will be something I'm comfortable and excited about teaching.
in Orlando is just days away!
Bottled: Rodenbach Vintage 2007
Surely this form will come good and eventually, some day some time, such dominance will be rewarded, in spades? Saturday at Carrow Road was not quite that day however, for once everything we, or should I say Luis Suarez, tried seemed to come off. True we were helped by the home side’s hesitancy on the ball in key areas but for once we made them pay, dearly. What could have been a depressing end of season fixture against a normally decent side, turned into something a of a very welcome cake walk setting us up nicely for Wembley next Saturday.
All these ruddy years, I have wondered why I have not been at events that my friends remember with fondness and I have felt a bit confused, baffled - hurt even. I have berated myself for hating Tupperware parties, for not wanting to have the closeness of having someone to see every day or an event to schedule on a regular once or twice a week basis. I simultaneously love my friends and would do anything for them, but can't move round in a social circle daily, I start to feel naked, or as though I was in a goldfish bowl. Again, I have a clearer view of why I used to drink that bit too much in social situations. Life makes a bit more sense.
bottles- I have used 4" to 7".
Just a little note to let you know about the May stamp of the month. I like to let you know around the the first day of the month, but time has slipped away from me.
2.
Here is our new calendar!!
Are there any petting zoos that allow the petting of these? I don’t want to touch a big one, thank you this book, but I need to cuddle the above. My maternal instincts only go so far as holding a kitty once in awhile, but baby tiger fotos make me want to cuddle something severely.
Here is the inside of the card, will have to say that I will make this card again and it was actually a lot of fun to make :)! The flower on the card is actually a layered flower, not that you can tell by this picture (sheesh), and I used glue dots to attach the flowers together then to the card.
"Outgoing but unpredictable and unstable. Likes things to go her way, otherwise she becomes agitated, indecisive, and fake in her activities."
Consumerism and manipulation go hand in hand in the advertising world, naturally. The job of any advertising agency is to convince people to purchase certain products. They do not just want you to smoke cigarettes; they want you to smoke Lucky Strike cigarettes. “The men and women of the fictional Sterling Cooper advertising agency craft marketing messages that draw people in despite the reality of the product they’re selling” (Dehnart). They sell the idea of smoking, of elegant cocktail parties with elegant dress, beautiful women and intelligent men. That is what their advertisements sell. The world of advertising, when looked at in depth, is heavily criticized. It is essentially in its definition to manipulate common people into purchasing certain products. Mad Men does not hide this, it simply conveys it via methods similar to those seen in advertisements themselves. And, we continue to love it despite its ugliness, because “its universe is so stunningly beautiful, and that softens the impact of the cultural shocks” (Dehnart). We might think, how could someone possibly make the ugly job of selling products, of advertising, look so gorgeous? We hate it until we watch Mad Men. Only then, is it beautiful. It isn’t just advertising, it is profound insight into common products. Now, we think we understand it. We hate it a little bit less now. It is this ironic world in which we look at blatant manipulation while being manipulated. It’s mind blowing.
(my dad and other sisters were going to wait until the birthing process was over ;) )
- In Victoria Australia, only a licensed electrician is allowed to change a lightbulb.
We've enrolled her in an all-girl school, one with a performing arts program. She's already dancing in a school ensemble and the school has been nothing but helpful and positive at the prospect of a homeschooled child in their midst. "She shines." a teacher told me.
Department of Home Science, Sri Satya Sai Institute of Higher Learning, Anantapur 515001, India.
1. Bring the broth, tomatoes, corn, and scallions to a boil in a Dutch oven. Reduce the heat; cover and simmer 10 minutes. Stir in the pasta and return to a boil.
Vinten will be unveiling its eagerly anticipated new Vision Blue 5 pan and tilt head and tripod system. Don’t miss this event! Champagne and hors d’oeuvres will be served.
In the evening we sat at the bar at Lelani’s on the Beach where Johnny and Josh served us delicious mai tai’s. They were much better than at the hotel. For dinner I had the Kalua pig Cuban sandwich and a salad; Tony had the Kobe burger with a salad. Everything was excellent. One person at the table next to us was eating fish tacos, one item I was considering. He said they were delicious.
Right now, this is what I have on tap at home:
David Byrne and Debbie Harry eating some Cornflakes, photographs by Bobby Grossman.
I am so pleased with how they turned and and so are the customer. I have already sold 7 cards. I'll give you some close ups of my favorites.
The bow for the top of this tree is made of a red velvet ribbon embossed with flowers....
My first project: to add a privacy/frosted finish to the upper cabinets.
I wonder if he would also ridicule other minorities? Anti-Christian bigotry is America’s last acceptable prejudice.
10. SHIELD’s headquarters was awesome
We have reached the champagne cocktail portion of the Gentleman's Companion. I will admit that I am quite excited--ah, the joy of sparklers. French 75s (and all the other numbers), Seelbachs, Airmails, Morning Glory Royales, Old Cubans, the list goes on and on. Champagne, or any sparkling wine (when used properly, of course), adds pure magic to a cocktail. Some call it bubbles. Others might say it's the dryness or acidity. They are wrong--champagne is pure fairy dust, aka magic. So when I flipped to the introductory statement for the five ensuing champagne cocktails, I almost did a jig. Almost--for I know that these sparklers are still arriving via Mr. Baker and thus will include some hidden surprises. But in my book a scary champagne cocktail is always more exciting and less risky than a scary absinthe and cream cocktail.
So on Father’s Day he snuck up behind him and gave him a great big bear hug.
After 19 months of denial, propaganda and phony fixes, the political and finance leaders of the European Union are claiming a "comprehensive solution" will be presented by Wednesday, October 26 — or maybe by the G20 meeting on November 3, or maybe on Christmas, when Santa Claus delivers the gift global markets are demanding: a "solution" that actually pencils out and that forces monumental writeoffs of debt and thus equally monumental losses on European banks and bondholders.
Manager of Strategy and Planning for Property Services Sue Larkins says making the Water of Leith a corridor through the Dunedin campus remains a strong element of the Plan, as does developing strategies for accommodating long-term academic and residential growth.
I heard over the speakers that they had set up a coach to take all the travelers to the airport. I got on the coach and got to the airport safe and sound.
They were probably the same people who used to order the new computers for the NHS or the Ministry of Defence.
narrated by Jenna Lamia, Bahni Turpin, Octavia Spencer, Cassandra Campbell
The crow no longer jumps on the mirrors but he stands on the concrete and pecks at the tires, I think he sees his reflection and the lizards and “snakes” do not come down on the ground. Chuck changes the position of the reptiles daily.
For one I need to stop worrying about the minutes.
½ cup butter or margarine
3. Blogging. I put this on my list because it will be a challenge to even do a post/month. So we'll see if my life events of 2012 will help me to keep up with this blog!
The other game was to make a baby out of playdoh. The guests received about 15 minutes to sculpt and then my sister chose the winner. Everyone got really into it and there were quite a few creative people at the shower!
I am sure that any employees of Rangers would be expressing deep disappointment about the position Rangers are in – after all their jobs are on the line.
