Talking to a stranger from out under her hair
Tomorrow I’m going to a giants game at the AT&T park, yeah. I am going with my papa, brother, bros girlfriend, and other family members. Well, I promise I will have more blogs up and book reviews but right now I have to go, peace?:D — DYLAN
In the afternoon the weather warmed up and we went straight to a barbecue at my husband's sister's house.
The seventeenth annual SongFest, entitled “Breaking the Song Barrier,” continues a tradition as one of the premier festival programs of art song in the United States.
If you're interested in finding out more about the Morgans (and the Markoes by default), you may want to read Ron Chernow's House of Morgan. More recently, Jean Strouse has also written a book specifically about J.P. Morgan. Since Morgan died in 1913, there were very few people who knew him who were still alive, but she was able to interview Annette Markoe Schieffelin for the book.
upwards of 70 yr
towards (and I hate this expression) 'finding myself'. I just don't
Placenta Previa Symptoms and Treatment
It turns out Poddubny's story after the NHL is quite sad. He tried to stay in the game, partly for financial reasons but mostly because he could never deal with the game being taken away from him. But after mixed results coaching in the low minor leagues, he returned home to Thunder Bay and has been living in his sister's basement. He lost his marriage and found friendship in the form of the bottle.
a pace is four cubits
5.) Add the broth to the pot, raise the heat to high, and bring the soup to a boil. Then reduce the heat to med and cook at a moderate boil to combine the flavors, 5 minutes. Season with black pepper. To serve, spoon rice into each bowl and top with soup.
Have fun with them! Always good to try something new.
The Pub is at 4187 Plank Rd, Fredericksburg, VA 22407, 540-785-2164.
Rita Dove – Thomas and Beulah
20-something: It’s Friday night, we are going out! What else would we do?
So what's changed in the fifty odd years or so since people started reclaiming the paths of the gods and goddesses? What makes now different from then?
Dropping to my knees, I scoop snow in my hands
And a big help would be if you can send a digital picture
Before I start, I wanna let you guys watch this:
The Sons of the Pioneers is an American cowboy singing group founded in 1933 by Leonard Slye (better known by his later screen name, Roy Rogers), with Tim Spencer and Bob Nolan. They were joined by Hugh Farr (fiddle/bass vocals) in 1934, Karl Farr (guitar) in 1935, and Lloyd Perryman (vocals) in 1936.
I found another instro combo named The Twisters from the early sixties.This same-named Band recorded for Dual Records "Pepermint Twist".But are they the same one?
* Presumably if you're, say, a Marxist Irish republican there's nobody promising 72 pints of Guinness in paradise or anything. Or maybe they're too bright to become what the some have described as a 'not-so-smart bomb'.
And of course as soon as it snows all the electricity goes off for miles around.
I'll be back tomorrow.
Quick end thought: Shakira's new song, "She Wolf" is amazing and motivotional. Give it a listen.
Follow and you will be lead.
If the government is issuing free IDs, fine; but no one should have to get an ID to vote if the government is not paying for the privilege.
And, as a side note, thank you for the very positive response to the beginning of this series. Please let me know what you would like to read! I’m not sure on the length of this series, but for now, I’ll try for Wednesday and Friday posts for a few weeks.
(CNSNews.com) – An analysis based on U.S. Census Bureau data by the Employment Policies Institute (EPI) shows that the average unemployment rate for teens ages 16 to 19 in the District of Columbia was 50.1 percent as of June 2011. This corresponds with data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) showing that for D.C. the annual average unemployment rate for teens in 2010 was 49.8 percent.
Censorship doesn't work. At least not nearly as well as actual parenting does.
Today, 11-30-2010 at around 12pm my father passed away. He left behind his beautiful wife of 42 years, two sons, two daughter-in-laws, 5 grandchildren and more memories than can be imagined.
“What about the delegation?”, the king asked as he turned away from the window.
“I’d sure like to find her there … sitting on top of a stack of ammo cans, manicuring her nails with her Strider” Tanner chuckled as he pictured the scene in his mind.
Only the initiated can understand the Word of God. The critics are always looking for contradictions in the Bible and in Acts 22:9 they think they have one. The Apostle Paul is reviewing the events of his conversion and is speaking of the events on the road to Damascus.
“You wouldn’t believe the shit I’ve found in toilets” he says. I want to lighten the mood and say isn’t that exactly what you would expect to find in a toilet? But “Mike” as his name tag implies does not seem to be in joking mood.
The case is going to court thank goodness! When she tried to get appropriate picture ID so she could vote, she was turned away because she does not have a birth certificate. This will affect many other minorities and has been done deliberately by the Republicans in 17 States to prevent, minorities,students, and the elderly from voting for President OBama as they are the largest groups who vote Democrat.
Do you have a home studio or do you work at Asylum’s studio or somewhere else?
The success of the rebellion hinges on Katniss's willingness to be a pawn, to accept responsibility for countless lives, and to change the course of the future of Panem. To do this, she must put aside her feelings of anger and distrust. She must become the rebels' Mockingjay -- no matter what the personal cost.
And she’ll be mine.
Now normally I wouldn't have a problem with that, since a lot of good films come from this segment of the field. But Over The Top is not your average "out of left field " film. No: this was the result of a summit meeting between two of the biggest money-making camps of the 1980s.
If it is to be, it must be me.
Ischemia is an insufficient supply of oxygenated blood to an organ, usually due to a blocked artery.
Recently I’ve stumbled upon several reviews that all point out a similar problem within fiction. The common line is, “I liked the story, but I couldn’t connect with the characters.” Have you ever had that happen? It’s a problem for both the reader and the writer.
Note. Currently, manufacturers are making applications for their vehicles to be eligible for the grant. Renault, for eample, says it’s confident that its Kangoo ZE will be accepted.
The cow said, "That's kind of a tough life you want me to live for sixty years. How about twenty and I'll give back the other forty?"
You can do so much with it. You can make shadows, using your hand on any object that happens to be handy. You can use stencils (they come with it)! You can draw freehand and let your imagination run wild!
I was doing the pee pee dance, but all was fine.
studioon8thstreet.etsy.com
I mentioned before in my March of 2012 recap that I felt I came closer to understanding the nature of blogging, that it isn’t just about having a consistent output of good material. Contributing through comments is an important step in growing as a blogger here. It’s just as important as being an interesting writer for your audience.
A controlled study in Europe involving 266 patients suffering from Crohn’s disease revealed that psychotherapy is an important element in the treatment of this disease. The researchers found that psychotherapy can improve the therapeutic possibilities of drugs, diet and surgery. Psychotherapy combined with relaxation and removal of stress were considered along with the personality of the patient before the outbreak of the disease. It was suggested that unknown emotional conflicts such as depression, mental lability and anorexia may influence the course of the disease (1).
- Self-pitying - VERY RARE
The rear of the church is a pleasant little refuge from the City streets. Look at the photo closely and notice that there are steps leading down to the South door - this is because the level of the churchyard has risen due to the thousands of burials that have taken place here! There is a plague pit here too, during the Great Plague of London (1665-1666) people were dying at such a rate that there was no time for individual burials and bodies were simply thrown into a pit. A nicer story though is an entry in the burial register in 1586 for a lady known as 'Mother Goose'. She used to knit little boots for her geese so that their feet wouldn't get sore as they were herded to market. Isn't that a lovely story?
But I’ve come up with a plan to go and meet my mum when she is on her lunch break unless something else comes up like going over to Wimborne, though after yesterday I don’t feel like trekking anywhere on a bus. (Yesterday I went from Pokesdown to Poole on the bus with my friend and it took 1 and a half hours. Ugh) So today is one of those blank days where I’m just drifting around without much purpose…I do have some money saved up but I don’t particularly want to spend it today as I’m going out shopping with Georgia tomorrow.
‘It’s no bother.’
Peel and cut banana into medium pieces .
This summer 2012, AUX TV is launching what claims to be Canada’s first-ever tablet-exclusive magazine: AUX Magazine. The ground-breaking music themed magazine offers advertisers the opportunity to reach the key demographic of adults 18-35 with unique full and multipage units as well as integrated opportunities with AUX content.
As technologically inept as I am, I did actually try that a couple times.
As for Elephants, oh yes, we have quite a few between the 2 of us.
I spent Tuesday and Wednesday with the Fort Worth Quilters Guild. The workshop was held at the The Retreat Center at Sunset Ranch. What a great place for classes – built just for quilters with raised cutting stations and all the table tops have special ironing surfaces on them.
While trying to hang the “flip-lopper” anvil around Mitt Romney’s neck, Obama has demonstrated a major flip-flop from his earlier position that marriage is “between and a man and a woman.”
I have a sister-in-law who recently had a baby, so I wanted to make a small gift bag. I thought this sketch would be perfect for a baby theme. Since I had a specific size to work with, I chose to paint a scalloped square directly on my patterned paper. Then, I simply added a cardstock strip, flower and stickers. I love how it turned out.
I went for a walk over the dunes again this morning
B-52′s
6 ) Lockheed Martin HULC Exoskeleton
assigned. She has to guess
Learning to cook and sharing recipes has been wonderful. There are so many foods I’ve come to love and the idea of writing a cookbook is exciting. But that’s not where my motivation lies either. Yes, I love food and I would even say (I have said) that I have a food addiction and often use food for emotional comfort/sabotage. But when I was in the hospital and they didn’t know how to feed me vegan food, I got by on lettuce and chickpeas for days. When I’ve been at events with no vegan options, I’ve eaten pickles or simply waited until I got home to eat. Because it’s NOT about me and my hunger; it’s about the animals.
Last week (Oct 21) was the anniversary of the dedication of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument in Grand Army Plaza - that big Arc de Triomphe-looking thing at the main entrance to Prospect Park.
( I'm still waving Jenny x)
Salt Lake City, UT Sept 25th Taught by Jennie Black
the threads used are my HDT's Flame Lantana and Chocolate Sauce.
Here's a bit of what we have been up to....
15/16 December: They call me once each day while I was entering a meeting or was in one. I tell them a time to call, I never get the call.
Pick five fictional characters you’d love to have over to your house for dinner.
Emshwiller: Oh, before, you mean?
A Christmas Story (24 Hour Movie Marathon) ... TBS ... 8 PM
(above: a view of Park bordered by Atlantic, Washington, Underhill and Dean Street, nearly destroyed Ny last week's Tornado and lightning storm)
So, for the porch makeover, I've checked many things off the list:
…I have so much to say about the lameness of this quote that I will need to save it for another post.
Dikta
3.take a big soup vessel add 1/2 tsp of olive oil to it add vegetable broth,water and basil and italian powder,ginger,garlic powderand allow it to boil.Then add all the vegetables .
I stamped the boxes with a stamp from a set you'll be able to see more of later this month when it becomes available and then decorated with coordinating papers from the Designer Stacks and topped with a flower die cut from the new Blossom Party Die.
A team of seven, on the road in an Econovan, is seeking to steal a pastor from another church. The book describes how these very different people, forced to spend countless hours together, forge a bond that profoundly changes them. It becomes clear that they have things in common and need each other to make a difference in their world.
Usage – The child fondly remembered his halcyon days growing up on the
Birds echo one another,
Have you ever been envious of someone you know that is highly successful in their business, career, or personal life and thought how did they achieve it? I am sure they started with some type of goal setting process that motivated them to reach beyond their limits of endurance and accept only the end result. Sometimes we make the process of goal setting far too complex. Rather than setting ourselves up for that same success we blame it on our personality – we are not motivated or driven enough. I have tried to simplify it for you in 5 steps and relate it back to a personal goal and achievement that I accomplished by using this goal setting process.
In fact, in the passage in his Institutes concerning head coverings, Calvin writes, “If the church requires it, we may not only without any offense allow something to be changed but permit any observances previously in use among us to be abandoned” (qtd. 158). Thus, argues Douglass, Calvin is open to changes in church order concerning indifferent issues.
It's impossible to ignore the impact of ebooks.
Learning went from ABC's and colors to division and past progressive participles in the blink of an eye.
I was on the train the other day when I saw a hottie. We were eye fucking the shit out of each other. I kept glancing up and catching his eye, then coyly looking away. I would love to be approached by a hot guy on a train. It’s such an interesting situation because you are put in such an intimate setting with total strangers. It’s really a great pick up opportunity, and I don’t know why more people don’t take advantage. Unfortunately, the guys that usually approach me on trains are the creepy/ugly/annoying types. The types who don’t get that I don’t want to speak to them.
Before we get to the eye candy, I hit over 100 followers recently, so do intend a giveaway soon, I'm trying to figure out what to offer!
It’s annoying and uncomfortable. And I keep having to tell myself that I only have to put up with this for a couple more weeks.
Regardless, with so much change going on in the publishing world it's hard not to get swept up and feel like you are in a never ending circle and going no where. But the second you step back and pause and look at the big picture, you'll realize there's still tons of opportunities out there for writers now: such as ePubbing or smaller publishing companies that continually keep popping up.
amazement to contemporary poetry and music
Marco Giovanni has shut off his emotions, following a messy divorce. His small daughter and his chain of bakeries are all he needs in his life. The string of nannies are an unfortunate necessity he could well do without. So why does his body have to remember its needs now with the latest and most unsuitable nanny ever?
I’ve studied the engine and now it’s clear to me where all it’s parts are (fuel pump, heat exchanger, filters, etc. This went on through the evening and through a can of WD40!.
Dogfish Head Craft Brewery Palo Santo Marron
At least the bathroom floor was fairly clean.
To conclude, I do want to stress that Making is Connecting is a lovely book, not least because of Gauntlett realistically optimistic approach. Though he’ll happily call ‘rubbish!’ (his 10 things wrong with the media ‘effects’ model is justifiably a classic), he doesn’t wear an ability to be ‘critical’ like it's some sort of pin badge to show membership of the ‘very clever thinkers club’. Academics should be able to say they like things, and I like this book. I’ll end on a positive note, an honest one, and say if you are a maker of any sort, I can wholehearted recommend Making is Connecting. It’ll give you a chance to think about the history and philosophies of crafting cultures. It’ll lift you out of your own maker microculture to help you ponder your wider context. It inspired me to make this post, and others, and to think more about my making. So do read it, even if it does take you a few months to get around to finishing it because you keep putting it down to do something else instead.
As I was writing it, I kept imagining my editor expressing doubts, and even worse, the scathing reviews if anyone read it in its current messy state. It was starting to get longer and longer, more and more out of hand. It wasn't right. "Keep it simple," my agent said. Good advice.
Our sister-in-law, Pam, visited us a couple of weeks ago. She lives in the Sacramento, CA area and is the wife of Dave's brother, Terry, who passed away from cancer in December, 2008, at the young age of 57. One of the places we like to take visitors is for a ride along the Columbia River Gorge, culminating with a stop at Multnomah Falls.
My dear, I know that you are conscious of my love at all times. I am forever your adoring, Monty.
Other churches go to the other extreme and almost never mention giving, which is unfortunate. When people are attending a church, but not involved financially, not only are they robbing God, but they’re robbing themselves as well. God promises to bless those who prioritize generosity in giving.
Twice a presidential candidate, Kucinich is a pacifist who rejects the idea that violence and war is inevitable.
Moreover, if you are someone blessed with footwear covering a wide colour palette you can also wear navy, olive green, or burgundy shoes with a charcoal suit with appropriate shirts to match or indeed clash.
Next year will be better.
the earth in a perpetual cycle of death and rebirth. Unaware that she
Keeping with Collins’ reticence to discuss the history of Panem/the world: One of my favorite elements in the books is Collins’ refusal to spend a lot of time on historical background for what is essentially a post-apocalyptic dystopia. As someone who studies these overlapping genres, I far too often see quite the opposite: a need to over-explain everything about how the world we purportedly used to live in go to this state. Nearly all the best examples of the genre (excepting the classics like We and Brave New World) are reserved about doing too much history. The film keeps with this and uses a brief film-within-a-film at the Reaping to give viewers the basic background of the Games and the political situation, but the catastrophic events that led to the collapse of our civilization are merely hazily sketched.
There are examples of “different” families out there (Coneheads, Meet the Applegates, The Addams Family) and there was always the danger that Haig could have taken the book in that direction. It’s not without its funny bits, some very funny like where Clara learns about Neckbook, but it’s closer in tone to Running on Empty. It’s not a horror novel. It’s a book about being different. And the vampire has become the poster child for that. If you’re looking for something a bit different then it’s worth a look-see.
Molton Oatmeal Lava Cake
drawing water and carrying wood.
An old friend of the blog sends us the following:
The question is: do they have enough energy to seize those opportunities?
I had the pleasure of seeing Rachel Platten live last month and meeting her after her set. She is a sweetheart! The song of hers getting airplay has been 1,000 Ships and the CD version is alright however when you hear the acoustic version it is simply wonderful. You get to enjoy her voice and hear her talent on the piano as well. When an artist can wow you stripped down that is when you know they really have talent. She's got it in spades!
and yet in commotion,
The simple reason is the new job started ‘proper’ about two odd weeks ago, first part of training done, now on to ‘shadowing’ which unfortunately is not as exciting as it sounds as well as dipping the toe into delivering training whilst being supervised.
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty
I am happy, I am content.. I have found my inner peace.
The agreement was negotiated in total secrecy. The state of Alaska was not allowed to participate in the negotiations, nor was the public given any opportunity for comment. This is despite the fact the Alaska Legislature has passed resolutions of opposition – but the State Department doesn’t seem to care.
We are surrounded by so many social networks now days that sometimes we forget to reach out to our workmates, friends, school parents or even our families and make sure that they are OK and let them know that we are there if they need to talk.
A nourishing vitamin-rich, bioactive body lotion made with certified organic botanical extracts, plant derived ingredients and extraordinary essential oil aromas. Absorbs instantly to leave skin comfortably smooth with a healthy glow. Made in small batches with good intentions for good health to help start each day with renewed passion for life. All natural, vegan, no animal testing.
The desire locked inside was not seen by anyone.
Today my husband and I had a discussion involving my mother. Now, just so you know, a lot of our discussions involve my mother.
6x6 Paper Pads with matching Brads $1.00 each
over the edge...
The Star.
3. Hell To Pay
First make your poem the best it can be. When poems don’t work is it usually for the same kind of reasons – examples being: too much telling, not enough showing; inconsistency of metaphors; use of abstract nouns when an image might do; use of archaic ‘poetic’ words. It is probably good advice not to second-guess what the judge might like, and don’t try to imitate the judge’s voice. Yes, I know that’s more than one piece of advice…
As you can see, my assumption was very off course, and as a result ended up in my anxiety and stress.
Which makes me think, maybe it is a boy?!?!
While at first the young men find themselves antsy for some action - and thus kill time calling home, playing video games, and watching porn - they soon get what they came for. The firefights are close and intense, and just in case we didn't believe that, they take us along to join the fight.
Listen to others babies.
I was thinking about the things I do.
Additional Information: 120cm x 70cm x 40cm 47,2” x 27,5” x 15,7”
When the motivating factors of profit and competition are removed… in the past different people have described this type of society in a variety of ways: Communism, Socialism, Anarchism. We just call it common sense.
Christine flicks some green looking goo from off of me chest. "Totally! Me and him are over! It was coming really. We didn't have much in common anyway. Watching soap operas and a bit of company, but that's that. Total idiot with nothing to say when I got to know him! You might sometimes make no sense, but I should have listened to you a few weeks ago Mr Green!"
"Now to Him who is able to do exceedingly, abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that works in us." Ephesians 3:20
Appearing on state TV on Monday night, CNRDRE head Captain Amadou Sanogo indicated that he means to play a role in Mali’s political transition, a role which may be at odds with the role he was expected to take under the auspices of an agreement reached between the junta and the regional body ECOWAS late last week.
raising up hope from a crevasse
Three-Twelve pulled every secret from her mind, explored every dark corner and wielded that as the knife she used to carve up her newest addition. The euphoria of her task hit her like a narcotic, the monster compelling her to slice deeper and harder until nothing remained of the poor shy creature that had once been.
3) What are the 5 things that need to happen between now and the end of this year to make this year the single best year I have ever had in my life!!!! (I had to add 4 more, making it 9!)
Today, we received an invitation to perform at the Indonesia SUPER SHOW, to stand on stage
Alternate: "All is Love" - Where the Wild Things Are
The concept of footing is a metaphor used by Holcomb and Killingsworth to replace the notion of “voice.” They explain footing as a physical characteristic that writing must take on, concluding that “style is never merely produced and sent abroad into the world; it is delivered, shared, negotiated between an author and an audience” (61). They use this idea to explain the the social space-which includes things like social standing, social roles, and social dialects- and physical space a work takes, namely the point of view.
It says a lot that she noticed it, Felts instinctively that its discriminatory and is torn!
2. WWE DIVAS CHAMPIONSHIP: Nikki Bella (Champion) vs. ”The Glamazon” Beth Phoenix (Challenger/Former Champion).
Have a great weekend full of fun things and not laundry.
This item is on loan to you under certain conditions.
The day will end with both the men’s and women’s 400 hurdle finals. After the semis these are more wide open than they appeared at the opening of the meet as some athletes have emerged while some others are not looking as sharp as expected – putting lane assignments in the wspotlight. In the women’s race, lane draw could make a difference as defending champion Melaine Walker (JAM) drew lane eight, and teammate Kaliese Spencer (an early favorite) drew lane two – both off less than stellar semifinal runs. The best of the semis – Lashinda Demus (USA), Zuzana Hejnova (CZE), Natalya Antyukh (RUS) and Vania Stambolova (BUL) will populate lanes three through six. This is going to be a wild one. Lane draw may also determine the outcome of the men’s race, as early favorites L.J. van Zyl (RSA) and Angelo Taylor (USA) will bookend the field in lanes eight and one respectively. Meanwhile those middle lanes will have Javier Culson (PAN), Cornel Fredericks (RSA), Bershawn Jackson (USA) and David Greene (GBR). This will be very interesting. Take note that Taylor’s first ever global medal was Olympic gold in 2000 – out of lane one! Can he repeat that performance in Daegu?
No, those are not your daily Triple Pick lotto numbers. Sadly, they are the age(s) of the guy I went on a date with prior to Thanksgiving. I was under the assumption he was 43. Notsomuch. Recently, I ran across his profile with the following information (now) included.
I’m a big fan of twitter, so I figure this assignment gives me an excuse to play around on twitter. The company I decided to do was Vera Bradley because I’m a big fan of Vera purses. Now, not every tweet was right for my assignment, but there were some that could have an impact on the products. I saw plenty of links on where to get Vera bags for cheap, which would be considered a good tweet. But, I also found negative tweets. There were tweets that compared Vera to a cult and that young girls that purchase Vera Bradley have old lady souls…I can’t see how either of these are positive for the company.
Death brings change, disease and bad luck bring change, America's flawed Messiah promised “change” and that benighted nation is drowning in those changes as I write. For two generations or more Western politicians have promised change, indeed many have brought change, and how many of those changes are we any better for? Count the good ones on your hand and you'll find you still have fingers to spare.
The irony is that BP, taking a page from the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill, avoided its mistakes. BP went out of its way to be as open to questions and to provide as much information as it thought it reasonably could. I have no doubt that BP lawyers immediately advised its management to keep its mouth shut, say as little as possible.
~ Magic in art and the depiction of magical creatures, practices or practitioners
Not gonna overthink this- always ethical.
In the end The Doctor stops the Monk by sabotaging his dimensional control within his TARDIS, marooning him in 1066.
To becoming eighteen,
But suddenly it's December and in Central Australia Summer has just appeared---and with summer the warnings have started.
Remember that Sunday
And... Since the wind was still blowing when he lit the second one, he waited till the wind layed for a minute and it worked!!! Right after a small struggle of finding his way up in the air... of it went! So here’s my photo for Day # 365... flying up in the sky! It was such a cool thing to see and we saw it flying off for a few minutes...
– various punched-out blister packs
Mary Beard is - but, no; let's leave it there. The TV critic drew attention to Beard's appearance. She's not his kind of blonde, or Blonde even. She fails to remind him that he's cast himself as a cock-cunter for professional (and perhaps personal) purposes. Beard is the Beeb's finest jewel right now - as smart as smart can be, learned, humane, empathetic. She animates the past because I suspect she understands the present: she understands how arbitrary are time's divisions. She does not write joke columns for a fading Sunday newspaper; she does not make her readers feel better by mocking a collective third party. She has no need of schtick.
But that’ll hurt it…
Is it quality or just the fact that fell shoes get so much hammer.
P.S. In yesterday’s Globe and Mail Marget Wente argues that the protests are driven by Liberal Arts Students who are angry because their skill sets wont be applicable in the labour force post-graduation. As a Liberal Arts warrior who ended up working at Google I would like to note that the colleagues who worked alongside me not only studied philosophy like me but also psych., sociology, music, poli sci., etc. Google, like many cutting-edge companies, hires based on talent as opposed to knowledge. In other words, you can know a lot about something but if you aren’t capable of breaking down complex problems then you’re usefulness is limited. You can teach knowledge; you can’t teach talent. Liberal Arts degrees serve to cultivate, develop and extract talent. I would therefore suggest that it is Mrs. Wente, and not the protesters, who is short-sighted.
Doyle scowled. “I didn’t say the truth, I said facts. Without facts, there’s no place for a story to develop. There has to be a perfect balance of plausible viability underlying the story so it keeps the reader involved coupled with enough creative leeway for the writer to spin a good yarn. People want to read the sensational, not the mundane. The general reading public buys newspapers because they need to believe the world around them is exciting since their lives are ordinary and uninteresting.”
Few are able to initiate change in the deepest, darkest, most firmly rooted aspects of our being. To do this requires a lot of dedication, ability and energy.
And Uncle Willis is still in second place while I’m on the handshake line?
A new character is introduced by the name of Ryan Huntley. This person is very important. Ryan is Victoria’s attorney for the divorce proceedings. He is also the lawyer who turned down the appeal of David Clarke. Remember this person because Emily certainly does.
PS I've done a new fuller blog of SRMP & NECROBUTCHER dated 25th Jan 2011 more info demo's the lot...............Agz
In fairness, I also felt that way about National Treasure when Nic Cage was tossing the Declaration of Independence around, and shooting up Liberty Hall. It just gives me the willies.
The pain meds finally kicked in and Porter was soundly asleep in my arms. My emotions were so out of whack that at that point the only thing i could do was lay porter in my bed and nap with him.We slept for 3 hours and then my alarm went off to give him more meds.
So, let me start over, I have five baby rabbits for sale and have gotten only a handful of inquiries about them. I will continue to feed them for another month or so and butcher them, or whatever is left over if sales pick up a bit. Not such a bad deal with rabbits you either get cash in hand or you can eat them.
Late night, gone eleven and I’m wandering. I’m looking in windows and peering into shops. I’m looking for something but don’t have a clue as to what it is, or why I’m even out here at all. There’s rain in the air and alcohol on me tongue. My windswept face glows with the fuel of pessimism and bewilderment. I had to get out of the flat, had to escape the walls and polluted air. Air polluted with my own growing scepticism.
Contagion clasp and Tumble Magnet are cards that you can either blink with Ghostly Flicker, Emancipation Angel or Venser to reset / kill creatures. You can even use it aggressively to tap out your opponents annoying creatures and kill them. Venser is an obvious fit for this deck, and I may end up removing another card to add a fourth (yea I surely will).
Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte says it’s okay if she gets disbarred for punching a court sheriff. What worries her more is the rumor that the Nevada State Athletic Commission is suspending her license to fight in Las Vegas.
Because they are taking up space and they are also stopping other people with their right to protest. I personally wish to protest about cuts to the defence budget because there's still a huge amount of work to be done in areas like Armed Forces accommodation and ensuring that troops are properly equipped and paid a decent salary. I also do not agree with cutting numbers of troops and think there should be an increase in infantry numbers.
"We're going to continue focusing on the craft side because the craft side of this industry is where it's at today," Farina said.
Anywho, New Mexico was fun, I climbed a freaking MOUNTAIN, and I'm exhausted. End. Of. Story.
* Vanderbilt University (USA)
Coca-Cola and PepsiCo account for almost 90% of the US soft drink market, according to industry tracker Beverage Digest.
Wind has been living in the basement apartment of Sheila and Dale's for a couple of years now.
Two japanese students came and studied the whole mahabharata from him in sanskrit. They helped my guruji with the techniques and technology of recording his lessons for posterity.
All we really wanted was to be able to afford the extra dough it costs to eat healthier here.
The NCAA’s modern classification into what we now call Division I occurred in 1948, although the hoops tourney started in 1939. The five schools that have been in D-1 since ’48 were all technically eligible to be selected to the NCAAs since that first 1939 tourney. Of course, it was only an 8-team tourney in those years.
As an amusing little side-note, someone in our office has had their mortgage application rejected because it was printed on 80gsm paper rather than 100gsm. If you're not familiar with paper weights (as opposed to paperweights) 80gsm is the sort of paper that EVERYONE uses in their printer. Frankly it's no wonder we continue to live in economic misery.
IDF uncovers explosive devices in northern Jordan Valley Israel threatens to send Lebanon back to the 8th century Three Eritreans Killed Trying to Enter Egypt Hezbullah building new bases in southern Lebanon, eastern Bekaa Observations about Israel’s new unity government Men In White: The Raid on Sabena Flight 571 Western Civilization Faces the Big Test: Citizens! Heal Your Societies or Go Over the Cliff Feiglin’s fault The Middle East Media Sampler 5/8/2012: The Media And Netanyahu’s New Coalition Soccer Dad’s Middle East Media Sampler
the 34th annual sybil ludington 50k on saturday was the 6th time i've run this race over the last 7 years. in 2006 sybil was my very first ultra. except for last year, i managed to make it back every year since. that's despite the fact that each year i repeated swear it will be my last sybil (because of the traffic runners have to compete with over the course). this year it would be my longest run since the mhrrc "recover from the holidays" 50k in january. except for a pair of 30k races last month, i haven't gotten in any decent long runs this training cycle.
You reach out to touch me. But, I stop you because of this pleasurable gift I desire to give you hoping to leave an impression seared on your brain to last you a lifetime—the memory of the moment I brought total satisfaction to your masculinity.
RELEASE DATE: May 11, 2012
in silent
135 Sullivan Street
Are nurse managers doing the best they can when it comes to hiring new staff? I suspect not all would answer in the affirmative. The next question is are all prospective nursing employees portraying their skills and experience accurately? When new nursing staff join any particular area of a hospital they become the focus of attention. A new face, a new name that is essentially unknown amongst the already present staff. Reality dictates that several judgments are being made early in this introduction. For the new nurse that is joining the group there is a lot of trepidation about learning the ropes and fitting in. The biggest hurdle that new nurses have to negotiate is the perceptions that are developed about them by the already present staff.
The film’s screenplay does bring up a lot of questions but mostly it is made just to have us on-the-edge-of-our-seats the whole entire time. Right when you think something is going to happen, director David Slade just pulls the carpet from right underneath us and gives us a scene we weren’t expecting to see next but it’s so tense and suspenseful to the point of where we can’t even sit still and watch this. It keeps on getting more twisty and more twisty as the film goes on and I think Slade did a good job at making it seem like this flick could honestly just go about anywhere and anyplace to where I just gave up predicting what was exactly going to happen next.
Normally it’s a question of being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
We also had these strange “whirly birds” too; they were double bladed helicopters that used to land at LaGuardia along with the planes and jets. I believe they came out of Newark, but I was never quite sure. I know at one time they used to land at the top of the Pan Am building, now the Met Life building in the city. The gigantic “whirly birds” seemed to end their flights over my house around the same time they ended them in the city. One of them had a horrible accident on the top of the Pan Am building in Manhattan, killing some people on the roof and down below on Vanderbilt back in
Finally, another post! Yeah! But it’s also a sad one. Boo hoo. I will just keep it laced with humor to keep from sobbing my eyes out. Again.
V - Vanuatu, Vatican City, Vietnam
New Panini America signee Andrew Luck will go No. 1 overall to the Indianapolis Colts. And by all accounts, Robert Griffin III will go right behind him to the Washington Redskins. It’s what happens after those two blockbuster picks when the guesswork really begins. And that’s where Panini America, the exclusive trading card of the NFL Draft, comes in.
All in all, it was a great weekend workout-wise. It was really fun hanging with new people and getting outside on my bike for the first time this year. I’m looking forward to more blogger runs and more biking!
I went to my second ever concert Monday. My first concert I went to see Young the Giant. They’re a pretty cool group but their concert was a puppet show compared to the show I went to see Monday. I saw A Day to Remember and Rise Against. This was a rock concert. Mosh pits, crowd surfing, headbanging. I got the full experience and I had the time of my life. I crowd surfed for this first time in my life. I crowd surfed three times actually. First time I made it to the front, but lost my shirt in the process, Haha! Second time they dropped me, and the third I kicked some lady in the head. I felt really bad for that.
He always make me happy. I’m not sure why I call him Pepito. But when I saw him, that’s the first thing that came to my mind. Incidentally, my friend had a pet chicky called Pepito too, though I think they are mutually independent events. Yeah, erm.. noticed I used “had”, well, her pet became dinner.
The run started at 5.15 am and by 8.30 am, after gulping a few cans of isotonic drinks and getting a free massage at the Salonpas booth, I was back at home. Surprisingly, I wasn't as tired as I thought and decided to make a quick brunch before sleeping the afternoon away. Ahhh, just the thought of the sound sleep I had that afternoon feels good. There were 2 pieces of threadfin left and I decided to steam them. I know, I should be rewarding myself with something more sinful like char kway teow, KFC or bak chor mee. But I had to clear the fridge before the arrival of a new week, so I settled for a healthier brunch. Dinner was, yes, char kway teow. And Hokkien mee!
Definitely, Socotra is having a hoary past, and it is not just 'persian violets' there!
(Another side note: This is a complete and utter departure from our usual bachelorette parties. Maybe we’re getting old? Or maybe we’re just trying to stay out of trouble? Hmmm..)
Once we were back in the states several of us emailed Wallace, and there were nothing but good reports. He told me in an email, “I was looking for my pastor a man of God but Jesus sent me seven angels.” On the day we first spoke with Wallace he was going to have to get rid of his car that day to pay for his bills. He also told me in the email that God had provided a 2008 Endeavor in perfect condition for him paid in full, just a few days later…
a (1) : the state of being the case : fact (2) : the body of real things, events, and facts : actuality (3) often capitalized : a transcendent fundamental or spiritual reality
In Cool,Cool Mountain, go down into the cottage and go down the slide. Avenue the cottage and annihilate the three goomba and grab their coins. Afterwards you get the coins, go to the bastardize and echo the achieve above. The bread adverse abandoned goes to 255 so that will be you’re top score. It takes time but eventually you will get there.
Me (earnestly): Dude, you’re fucking awesome.
How would you like to win Tweet of You? All you have to do is leave a comment on this post by 9:00 pm Pacific tonight and I'll draw for one of you to win!!! How does that sound? :) The winners will be announced in tomorrow's post.
1. How to Remove Virus From PC Fast?
So keep an open mind (and ear, and body) when you dance. Think not of tango as a procedure that you do time and time again, but be alive in the moment, and recognize the possibilities it offers to you.
These are the possibilities or realities we have to understand if we are to make sense of Said’s position on Israel and his position on ‘Western capitalist states’. This must be an important component of any explanation of Said’s attitude to Israel vis-à-vis Iran, Palestine and possibly all Arab and/or Muslim state. Said could of course have rejected every system or state on the planet and thus his expectation that Israel should be perfect would have made at least some sense. He didn’t out rightly reject all states, even if he did criticise all of them. He preferred and supported particular Islamic or Arabic regimes against the US and the West. Trotskyist groups also argue than no state is ‘a true socialist or communist state’. But they too take sides in wars or non-violent ideological confrontations, as I just said in the case of the SWP supporting Iran against the West (which is just a bad as Bradford Pakistani Muslims preferring Pakistan or Afghanistan to the UK’s system and setup). Said too took sides. He obviously took the sides of the Arab nations against the West. He even supported Saddam Hussein in the Second Gulf War and the Iraqi regime's attempts to nuke Israel in the 1990s.
On with the other news of the week, then.
There seems to be a theme of shadows running through my selection of books. These shadows take many forms – the shadow cast by the candle in Colin McCahon’s ‘A Candle in a Dark Room’ (1940) selected by Dick Frizzell; the shadow of a past love affair that haunts the main character in Fiona Kidman‘s short story The Italian Boy; the shadow of New Zealand’s colonial past in Witi Ihimaera’s The Parihaka Woman; the shadowy figure striding across the cover of Stella Rimington’s Rip Tide, and Emily Perkins’ just-to-be-released novel The Forrests which I only know about through the shadow of book reviews.
Perhaps Jacob had always a passively-aggressive personality from the beginning. His relationship with his Virginia family struck me as being marked by a great deal of passive-aggressive behavior from the start. Jacob seemed determined to be his own man, whether in his enthusiasm for the West, his decision to leave Wheeler or join Jedediah Smith’s expedition over following his brother Nathan to Texas. And yet . . . he never defended himself in the face of their criticism. Instead, he resorted to resentful silence. Why did he constantly fail to defend himself? Was he merely trying to keep the peace? Or did some small part of him fear that his family may have been right about him? It seemed strange than many fans and critics of “INTO THE WEST” seemed to adore Jacob for his seemingly self-assurance and outgoing personality. At the same time, they derided Jethro for being an insecure loser in their eyes. I got the feeling that they were so busy either scorning Jethro or adulating Jacob that they failed to detect the latter’s personal insecurities and darker traits. And Jacob certainly had them by the bucketful.
While I was there I also bought some new shoes. My old ones had holes in the toes, so it was time. And I found some awesome sturdy moccasins on sale! It was like a head-to-toe transformation, basically! I feel like a new woman now. Instead of a frumpy Mom, I feel like a trendy and confident woman. It's amazing what a new hairstyle and some cute shoes will do.
FOREIGN MARKETS
Fr. Andrew was invited to lead the opening prayer at the 2012 Colorado Republican State Assembly and Convention in the Magness Arena at the University of Denver. The moral challenges facing our country are not caused by political affiliation, but rather by attacks on religious freedom. He invites all people of conscience to uphold religious freedom.
This video uses the Economic Freedom of the World index to explain why comprehensive free market reforms (like Australia) generate the best results.
The issue of human dignity
And, we the older generation let them steal from our children
(I told you this was random.)
"You know, I don't understand it," she said one evening while taking inventory in the mirror. "My boobs keep getting smaller while my ass keeps getting bigger."
Q: If a book were to be written about Changmin-ssi, what do you think the first line should be?
I just listen to all kinds of music. I don't prefer classic or pop-rock!!! I just listen to whatever sounds exciting. I prefer all styles.
So, I decided to walk to and from work - 40 minutes each way - which meant getting up earlier and, therefore, getting home later than usual. And once home, I still have my Desperate Housewife duties to attend to as well as walking Moom!
So, it’s International Workers’ Day.
The prettiest is the Queen of the Missions –Santa Barbara. We have probably shot it at least five times. The outside is always available as there is no fence or gate. You can go there early to get sunrise as the sun hits it face on or go for sunset as the sun sinks behind her. The inside is stunningly beautiful.
You Are What You Wear will change the way you look at your wardrobe and yourself. It can kick up your self-esteem and make you happy about your appearance in a way you’ve never thought possible!
Today is April 13, 2012 it has been two years since I got in the vehicle with my GOD mother and survived a semi truck smashing into the passenger door where I was sitting destroying my fragile body. This has been the longest two years I can remember of my entire life. Praise GOD my husband and I are stronger in our bond of marriage and I thank GOD in Jesus Christ name for his blessings, healing and favor.
Ratner called the arena "one of the most important civic buildings built in the city," a very generous use of the word civic ("of or relating to a citizen, a city, citizenship, or community affairs").
Answer: Breasts don’t have eyes.
For the World’s an eye
It's a crazy week over here. Major house works, ill child, so much sorting and planning and deciding.....
My paper was a six column weekly, with a small Roman letter head, my motto, “Speak unto the children of Israel that they go forward,” the names of my candidates at the head of the editorial column and the platform inserted as standing matter. It was quite an insignificant looking sheet, but no sooner did the American eagle catch sight of it, than he swooned and fell off his perch. Democratic roosters straightened out their necks and ran screaming with terror. Whig coons scampered up trees and barked furiously. The world was falling and every one had “heard it, saw it, and felt it.”
Sadly, Ian, Otto and Jeremy were incinerated immediately, and I was rendered unconscious for a week and a half.
He is sometimes worshipped as a god of good luck and prosperity. He is always represented as very stout, with the breast and upper abdomen exposed to view. His face has a widely grinning or laughing expression, and he is also known as the Laughing Buddha. He stands in the first hall of the Buddhist monastery. Because of his constant good nature, he has become the symbol of philosophical contentment.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem.
The papacy's slaughter of Christians continues to this day. Since the papacy is a small country with little military capability, they always beguile other nations to do their fighting for them. Today the United States is their favorite bully. Thus, they are never directly involved, and people do not realize who is behind the wars, the trouble, and the terrorism. Avro Manhattan's book, The Vatican's Holocaust, describes in detail the papacy's continuing slaughter of millions of Christians in the 20th century. At the time of this writing, the complete text of The Vatican's Holocaust is available on the internet for downloading. A link for this book is provided at the bottom of this page.
Exodus 12:25 says, “When you enter the land that the LORD will give you as he promised, observe this ceremony.”
Jorden's teacher provided* us with the special opportunity
By 11 the whole thing was over. I tried to be reasonable at the buffet at lunch (in view of a formal dinner with our Chinese colleagues at 6), but you know how buffets are. A taste of this and a spoonful of that, and your plate is piled high. To compensate, a good walk around was in order.
The sun gradually pulled itself from the horizon, poking its tender head over the trees on the Field of Mars. “At first, I suspected Tiro,” I began, “After all, who knows you better than Tiro himself? But on reflection, it couldn’t have been Tiro; he would never have harmed your works no matter what.”
05. King Of Kings (Feat. Access Immortal)
That is, unless there are secretly aliens amongst us, after all. Whenever you are out and about you do have to wonder… even just reading the news or watching TV you do sometimes wonder if you are the same species, the same human race, as those that you see around with their strange habits, strange dress, strange ideas. Perhaps we are all aliens and this planet is some sort of dumping ground for the cosmic oddities that no species wants to have around – that would explain so much.
Avantika had just learnt driving. She did not have much experience driving on snow. She was terrified at the thought that she would have to drive to office the next day on the ice covered slippery roads. She dialed Bipin’s number. As usual it went on his voice mail. She sighed looking at the phone and hung up without leaving any message. By now she was used to this. Bipin would never pick up her calls. She would call multiple times a day and every time the call would reach his voice mail. She needed someone to talk to. “This sucks. Why am I so pissed off?He does this all the time to me. Why is this bothering me so much now.“
She turns to Jim Ludlow, a local rancher who lives on an Indian Reservation near where the advocates disappeared. Ludlow, a Shoshone Indian horse “whisperer” agrees to try to help Wyndham and they begin a search for answers that may cost them everything the hold dear – it may even cost them their lives.
Therapy? Die laughing GB
The butterfly is a flying flower. __Ponce Denis Écouchard Lebrun
On Saturday, I walked with my Mom and tons of friends from ZFL in the Susan G. Komen Race For the Cure. I would assume that most of you know what it is but just in case, it's an annual 5k and 1 mile race that benefits breast cancer research and education and brings together mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, aunts, uncles, gmas, gpas, daughters, sons, cousins and friends who have been affected by breast cancer and to honor those who have or had it.
We have been talking about having a BBQ dinner down at Wangi falls one day but had never gotten around to it. Well we finally did! We all headed out after work and took a big feed and some beers and sat around and enjoyed the afternoon…. Until the bloody sprinklers came on! Right on dinner time as we are finishing our meal and the massive big pop-up jet sprinklers pointed right over the table and BBQ area start up. So we had to run around like crazy people packing up the food and towels and bits while the kids thought it was great fun to spin the nozzles around and wet all the gear. Hhmmmm.
Do you have any other ideas on how to ‘simply’ celebrate Star Wars Day? Tell us in the comments!
More regulation won’t fix this. (Guess what happens then, the companies go somewhere else and make some other country successful.)
Anyone who knows Anne Tyler's work will understand why I've chosen her and this book. Those of you who don't, you have some wonderful treats in store. She's the best writer about families and their madnesses, sadnesses, wonderfulnesses and dreadfulnesses. She's funny, moving, and brilliant. She's the most human and humane of writers and I do urge you to try her books. I'm mentioning this one b ecause I've just read it and it's fresh in my mind but try also A PATCHWORK PLANET or THE ACCIDENTAL TOURIST or THE AMATEUR MARRIAGE. She's right up there with the greatest of US novelists, but famously publicity-shy, which is why she's not as ubiquitous as some of the Big Male Beasts of US fiction.
Even though there was a great coach and other nice girls,
“It’s already in the contact stuff, though,” Nikolas said.
The ECD asks the chap if he really feels that he is a has-been hack.
Seth just turned 31 this week! He does not want to talk about the fact that he is now IN his 30's, so I will not mention anything about that here! :) Us girls all went and got him McDonald's for breakfast. It is VBS week, and I didn't have any time to make a homemade spread...so a sausage biscuit had to do!
The Hunger Games Discussion Guide
So I hope day #2 goes just as well as day 1 went.
“We know that children thrive when they grow up in safe, stable, nurturing relationships,” said Rosie Allen Ryan, president of the nonprofit Prevent Child Abuse North Carolina. “Unfortunately, this pastor is telling his congregation to harm their children.”
In the case of any of these symptoms, you should test your blood sugar right away and have something to eat. The best choice is a glass of juice or another food item that is considered fast-acting such as a piece of fruit or a piece of candy. Carry something with you at all times and a regular snack too. If you are out and need to eat (say you are stuck in your car during a traffic jam) it is important to have food with you.
William Wilberforce, was troubled by the Khadim’s of his day, and therefore devoted his life to abolishing slavery in the British Empire. Through his efforts, the slave trade was outlawed and an estimated 800,000 slaves were set free. The question is: how did he do it?
So he lies up here with me
Finished with Birthday wishes sentiment.
7) Curriculum. What programs are mastery oriented, which are the bad ones.ones who don't focus that much on mastery. (One moment, where is number six? There is no number six, I just wanted to see you were 'paying attention' ;-) That's your assignment Blossom (not really, Blossom is a fantastic mom and she is back to school, so she has enough on her plate, so I'll pass this to any who wants to tell us what they think. But remember that curriculum or programs are your slaves, and not your MASTER (no pun intended).
“Then in a year you would be recalled here for a time of rest before a new assignment would be found. As for your sister, the priests who have been caring for her will let you know the second she awakes, and obviously immediate transportation would be arranged for you to return here, just as we would for others who’s close relatives still lie in comas.”
OK. This is a hard one for me. I don’t like the song or it’s premise; and I don’t like Carrie Underwood. But I did like this performance. I thought it was one of her best. Randy insisted that Hollie’s singing doesn’t compare with Carrie’s, and Steven argued that on that basis, she shouldn’t have picked that song; but, sorry Randy and Steven, I actually like Hollie’s voice on that song better than Carrie’s. The choice was good, she was able to show dynamics and a real connection to the song. It was not the typical diva power ballad she had been doing. Here was a case where the mentoring made a difference. Stevie, who has just lost her mother, talked about that with Hollie in regard to relating to the song’s message. She said in the post performance sound bite that it was the image of Stevie’s tears that helped her connect.
Anon-nudists next door shower nightly, for which I'm very glad. Less stink on the metro is good for all. Unfortunately they spend an inordinate amount of time drying themselves in front of the window, where I have a front-row seat to the ass-crack show of a lifetime.
there are four wires
8. Who is the biggest role model in your life?
and like of you all fill’d,
The company is apparently taking some time to respond to the urgent questions that have been put and it is believed that there may be further delay over the public holiday.
Lori Lopez
He couldn't find. He looked everywhere. I was starting to get mad and was getting ready to yell at him for hiding something again. When Nathan woke up and heard what was going on. He told Nick "Go look in Mommy and Dad's room." Nick knows that "big" kids aren't allowed in our room, so he was afraid to look in there. Plus, I don't think he really believed Nathan. Nicholas went downstairs looking in the family room and while he was down there, Nathan ran into our room and came running back out with Nick's book. I asked Nathan where he found the book and he said it was under our bed where he (Nathan) hid it.
number of casualty was
My Twisted Valentine Collection
Casey
Instead I just decided that the universe is telling me I am definitely not going to find love (or anything vaguely approximating love) online.
"This will probably kill you, but here's how you should cook it." Alrighty, then.
All worth checking out for something local and different.
The converse problem involves the proliferation of Frankenstein beers that glue borrowings of various styles together to make beers conforming to no style. Your IPAs made with saison yeast and peaches--that sort of thing. We shouldn't declare a new style every time the idea for a new beer crosses a brewer's mind. On the other hand, if everyone makes a black IPA, at a certain point we're just going to have to accept the damn thing.
The prom go-ers could walk by the glass doors where we were, and see the grown ups there, the ones who were comfortable with the little game of glam. The kids, girls especially, looked longingly that the quieter, candle-lit room. People talking to each other! No officious chaperons, and real drinks drunk properly and with pleasure. Grown ups. How very, very much nicer it is to be one. At least sometimes, and for a little while.
I am back in Europe now, and thinking back about my days in New York and all the things that I enjoyed the most over there. With that in mind, I decided to start this list with Chelsea.
+44 (0)800 783 3040 (Freephone)
Mary Mercer – Founder of Mercer’s Hospital
That rug-pulling twist was always going to be hard to beat in the second book in the series, but Duns does his damndest to top it in Song of Treason, which kicks off shortly after the events of Free Agent, in May 1969. Dark, having regained the trust of his SIS colleagues (or so he believes) and now in line to become Deputy Chief, is delivering a eulogy at Templeton's funeral at St. Paul's when he pauses mid-address, unable to continue. Acting Chief John Farraday approaches the lectern to find out what's wrong, and then falls to the ground, blood "gushing from the centre of his shirt". Farraday has been shot and killed, but Dark quickly surmises that the shot was actually meant for he himself.
Chaat Masala : 2tsp
The tilt toward the feminine and dissipative (i.e. “peace, equity and social justice”) is in compensation for past yang excesses. Like the Judaic precursors, for instance the prophet Samuel urging King Saul to slaughter the Amalekites, the Church has had centuries of yang eruptions. Catholic Popes sired multiple children and rode off to battle in resplendent armor (e.g. Julius II). Arnaud Amalric, Cistercian abbot and papal legate, asked by the commander of the crusader army how to deal with the besieged town of Béziers, including its women and children, answered, “Kill them all, the Lord will recognize His own." The year was 1209, but the Cathars of Béziers were French Christians, if fundamentalists. That hurts.
anyway... we walked from the port through a quaint little town to the train station.
I love magazines. I really do. But I realize that magazine exist to sell us stuff. That article in Family Circle about cleaning your kitchen in five minutes is always surrounded by ads for products. Fashion magazines are entirely devoted to making women think that the perfectly good clothes in their closet are out of style. I still like them. Do students understand how much is being sold to them? I'm not sure. This is a nice, short book that covers a lot of different ways this type of media tries to sway readers. This would be a good book to use in a class on media literacy.
Albert E Minns Jr
For today's projects, I've created a set of cards using my favorite of the background patterns - the hexagons!
Pain reliever/fever reducer (every 4 hours)
9 may
Pendragon: Place them with the others, in pile number eight trillion three hundred and seventy two million one hundred and fifty four thousand one hundred twenty one.
And it never bloody slows down.
“Not exactly,” I mocked, “or else you wouldn’t have kept it a secret from me.”
One of Beijing’s most popular New Year destination is also the Temple of Heaven. Here thousand of people gather to see the Royal heaven-worshipping ceremony which is held inside the park. The Temple of Heaven, in Chinese 天坛, pronounced “Tian Tan”, was first built in 1420 and used to be the imperial sacrificial altar during the Ming (1368-1644) and the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911).
It would not be possible for the extractor on a Glock to touch the primer under almost any circumstances; and even if it did, its too broad and blunt to set a primer off.
Because in most cases, they are not good enough and they plateaued many years ago. Which means their dancing is unlikely to get any better, they are certainly not looking to improve, most never ask for feedback, most don't come to practicas. The "young & pretty" have a chance to become dancers I really enjoy dancing with, and by dancing with them I can help them progress in the "right" direction. They ask for feedback, they try to get better, they show up at practicas and they do get better.
We all head across the street to a hotel, where lunch had been prepared in a large room with about 8 dishes of food prepared in the traditional chinese family style. Big tables with food piled on a lazy Susan, and everyone takes their chopsticks and eats from all the dishes. Not very sanitary but it gets the job done.
The rain eased as we got to the end of our line and we walked up to the guesthouse. We were warmly greeted by Alan and the rest of the staff and we soon settled into our old room. After unpacking all the necessary and doing some washing we were ready to pop round the corner to see our friends in the little indian restaurant.
"I feel sorry every time I see Cha fail. When she passes, I'll make a commemorative tablet myself and give it to her," says Park Jung-seok, a traffic police officer.
No, it is the result of social conditioning to pay attention to these things more. Women being more in tune with their emotions could be true in the sense that our environments often remind women they should be good at it and remind men they should be bad at it. That doesn’t mean that men are actually bad at it, but it is society reminding us that “this is how things are, so just accept it.” To wit, when women are taught that men are “hard-wired” to deal with math better than they are, rather than trying to work against this stereotype they simply accept it because how on Earth can they fight their own biology? You know, if women tried thinking too hard, their brains would overheat and they would get hysterical, or something.
Mr Medici runs well,
that’s a razor in his mit;
“Friday marked the second year anniversary of the passage of President Barack Obama’s controversial healthcare law referred to by many as “Obamacare.”
zest of one lemon (you can use the lemon slices for garnish)
Also fellow bloggers are great sources of inspiration. I like to be inspired by crafters whose styles are different from mine. To name a few that I like to visit would be:
I quit my job. I quit a career. I quit because I was more tired than any gal my age. I was tired of tears, I was tired of underperforming, I was tired of doing something my heart wasn’t into, I was tired of losing my creativity, I was tired of sacrifice. I was tired of envy. Envy of those who seemed to have it so easy, as fulltime students whose only care that week was an assignment. I was tired of using my job as an excuse for the way I acted and felt, and yet did nothing about it. And maybe the grass really is greener on the other side but I wouldn’t know until I crossed over. I might even remember who my friends are and what they look like!
The way is up along the road
Last I checked, we still had troops overseas fighting & dying in war zones. Last I checked, we were on a higher alert status due to the anniversary of the death of Osama bin Scumbag. Last I checked we had TERRORISTS in custody at Gitmo that still need to be dealt with who should have been fed to the hogs long ago.
After having followed the first couple of weeks of the trial of terrorist and mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik through the eyes of the Norwegian media the impression I’m left with is that Breivik is the epitome of evil and that his murderous actions in July last year are almost unparalleled in modern history when it comes to sheer horror and calculated evil. Some people in Norway even seem to think that Breivik’s malice is on par with that
There were two aspects that surprised me. First, when I began researching Titanic: Voices from the Disaster I had no idea there was such an active group of amateur historians from around the world involved in the Titanic. I was able to call on this community for invaluable assistance. I also was surprised to learn how many controversies about the ship’s sinking are still being discussed and I tried to hint at some of these in the book.
I have mentioned before how great a cycling trip to Bloemendaal aan Zee via Haarlem is. If you don’t have it in you to ride the whole way, the train is your best option. You can take a train from Amsterdam Ceentral to Zandvoort aan Zee, it takes close to half an hour and costs roughly €9 for a return trip. From here you can walk along the beach to Bloemendaal aan Zee. All along the beaches here are beach bars with deck chairs and day beds for customers. A few ice cold Heinekens with your bare feet in the sand is a day well spent!
And listen for hours to the song in G
How British am I?
The Bible is very clear on this issue: "Do not lie with a man as you would with a woman, for this is a most hateful sin." (Leviticus 18:22)Simple. We can't really claim to be Christians and pretend this is acceptable. Other things too, we are called to show God's love to all, no matter what. "Let your light shine before men, that they may see your good works and praise our Father in heaven." (Matthew 5:16) I saw a comment on a YouTube video the other day which was really powerful, saying how we need to get out there and let our "life songs sing for God", because "we can't just sit back and hope they'll somehow find a way to Jesus" and "if we don't, who else is going to?"
Although it doesn’t have as much popularity as before, you could sell your home in an auction. Auctions help avoid having to spend money on a real estate company. You might also be able to obtain a buyer for your home faster by using this strategy.
It might sound silly
Watched NBC on TV and read texts/emails from NBC or sent texts/emails to NBC
The Design Team have some examples for you, please visit their blogs for more info, links on left hand side :-
Jennifer Hoyle of the Chicago Department of Law estimated that cost to be $30 million.
Release Date: February 6th 2012
I saw that trees look really nice when lit by street lights…I tried to take a photo last night but couldn’t…low light, no tripod, windy….(excuses!)
The point is, Mr. Awesomeness gets tired of replacing the batteries so often and will often lie to Greta about what it will entail to fix her game. Some days he's a better liar than others. Today, he just got real lazy.
2. There is no urgent and immediate situation for GMA to seek medical treatment abroad (as concluded by Health Sec. Enrique Ona)
The index for consumer foods registered a gain of 1.0% (SA), driven by a marked increase in fresh and dry vegetables (+11.5% SA) and fresh fruits (+4.7%), as well as chicken (+8.0%), pork (+3.2%) and turkey (+1.6%). This is the sixth consecutive monthly increase in the consumer foods index, with the index up 7.8% for the 12 months ended November 2011.
Overall though, this chapter is beneficial for one to understand the arguments that are set forth in favor of an A-Millennial understanding of Revelation 20. I personally don’t think it’s a question of orthodoxy. I have amillennarian brothers in Christ. But I will defend the pre-millennial view since I feel it is the biblically correct view. The problem for me is getting an a-millennialist to engage with me on the issues. I just can’t one of them to tell me what they do with the first resurrection in Revelation 20:4-6. This chapter was somewhat helpful, but still left me with questions on how they defend their view.
It’s probably all flat pack home assembly, shopping for new beds and sofas, and two weeks in the Costa fuckin' Del Sol?
i was also going to do red, yellow and blue balloons, but ran out of time.
The kids who initially did well were just the luckiest of a random bunch. So, most likely, their luck is going to be lower next time, and their scores will be less impressive.
We must work unceasingly to lift this nation to a higher destiny, to a new plateau of morality, integrity and honesty in public life. Let us not accept low standards in our politics.
My best friend Loraine introduced me to this band a couple of years back and I still love their music.
2. Relationship? lifelong
Because the burden of proof is on the PTO to establish that applicant’s mark falsely suggests a connection with the particular name or persona, the Board sided with Applicant: "In view of the significant doubt remaining as to whether anyone currently possesses rights in the name 'Maria Callas,' and resolving such doubt in applicant’s favor, we find that the examining attorney has not met her burden in establishing the false suggestion of a connection refusal under Section 2(a)."
Well okay, to give credit to my parents, they were really supportive of my education. I never failed them, though. Unlike ehem some people that I know, I was able to graduate on time, and make milestones on the way too. It may not be as hard hitting as anyone else’s, but it’s worth remembering. I gave my parents bragging rights too.
One of the joys of design practice is that everywhere is different. And one of the joys of Chinese practice is that, as in the old days in the UK, you cannot get protection for the design of just a part of a product, in isolation. We are, as always, grateful to Linda Liu Group in China for permission to reproduce the following article from their recent Newsletter 51.
Then start kneading the dough, dust the surface and hand with flour and knead and stretch for 10 minutes, in few minutes you will see that the dough becomes soft and beautiful.
“Um, yes, it’s my toilet; it seems to be stopped up.” I say
or that the end
The base is a little canvas tag from Canvas Home Basics/Canvas Corp . I dyed it using a few different colors of Color Wash from Ranger. Let it dry (or dry with a heat tool). Sew a little scrap of paper to the tag (this paper is from Bella Blvd). Add a little ruffle trim to the bottom of the tag. Glue a flower or other fabric piece to the bottom right corner- I used a crocheted circle.
To illuminate their teachings, Martin and Moraitis incorporate reincarnation stories from their many students as well as examples of prominent historical figures. Highly readable and informative, this definitive volume answers countless karmic questions for readers from all spiritual traditions.
with the approach it boasts upon
'Yes' for: One would like to drink 2-3 litres water a day (because it is good for the body)
Store in an airtight container in the fridge for up to one week. Serve with sliced veggies, pita chips or on a sandwich.
1. Don’t change the player, change the game. This involves doing something different. If your guy won’t commit, doesn’t want to get married, change what you’re doing. In the movie’s case, the couple had been together seven years, still weren’t engaged, and their apartment looked like a college dorm. She changed the game by redecorating, and eventually moving out. He proposed.
Since we have to be out of the house all day, we're taking the pups to the dog park out in South San Francisco/Daly City. It's called Ft. Funston. Can't wait! Gunner has been, but Lexi hasn't. She's almost a year old now, so it's time. Plus, it's supposed to be 62* tomorrow in SF. 62* in the middle of FEBRUARY? Who knew.
Most recently, he traveled to Germany to oversee enhancements to the affiliate distributor commission processes. In addition, playing an integral role in QVC’s HD launch, Cellucci negotiated terms with one of QVC’s major long-standing distributors.
When she lets go of the edge of her playpen she is so proud she waves her arms in the air, chortling away, and then promptly falls. And we just have to let her do so I suppose. It's the only way she will learn. There was someone who advised me to get a helmet for her, but I can't believe that giving a toddler a helmet would do any good in the long term, either to their posture, their self confidence or their sense of common sense.
Writer : Mike Leigh
It is certainly the case that the pre-Islamic cultures of converted Muslim countries have been ignored and given short shrift. Worse than that, the era preceding Islam is referred to a Jahiliyya or the Age or Ignorance. Hence it is treated as if it did not even exist. It was this mindset that was beyond that destruction of the Buddhas by the Taliban.
Oil- for frying
MS. CAROLYN TRUCKS BECKWITH,
A voice bent down to my ear and whispered my name and I heard tinkling laughter coming from all corners of the room.
In popular movies, a scientist is usually brilliant but troubled. We know that he’s brilliant because we’re told so repeatedly, and we know that he’s troubled because that’s plain to see. He might spend a lot of screen time getting depressed over his lack of creative output and trying to remedy this situation by getting drunk or going out for long walks – anything that will keep him from attempting any actual work. Finally, thanks to divine inspiration, a life-changing event or some other such, he stumbles upon a Great Idea. Now that he’s made his breakthrough, the days and nights go by in a blur as the work flies off his hands, the manuscript pages practically writing themselves. Once it’s all done, the scientist has to snap out of the trance, at which point it’s not uncommon for him to collapse and have a nervous breakdown.
Having said this, it is important that the baby sitter doesn’t take the ‘reasonable leeway’ given to them to carry out their mission and then toss the instructions out and invent their own ‘methods of operation’. This would not be fitting, appropriate or responsible and such action would jeopardize not only the children’s safety but the opportunity to get additional baby-sitting jobs from these parents and the loss of a good ‘letter of recommendation’ should one be desired, in the future, by the baby-sitter.
Crystal Springs Brewing Company Doc's American Porter
Jon Barand for always including me in all things LOST!
Universally referred to as "The Bean," it sits in a prominent position in Millennium Park, and is almost always surrounded by visitors who seem to really enjoy the piece. A giant, shiny, bean-shaped work of sculpture that gleams in the sun, its curved surface reflects the world around it: the dramatic skyline of Michigan Avenue, the sky, and the visitors themselves, who love to pick their images out of the reflected crowd as they approach the sculpture.
Good appetite- walking and sitting up 3 times a
This conflict of interest is enshrined in statute. (That shouldn't be all that surprising: from a certain angle, Social Security looks an awful lot like a government-run Ponzi Scheme.) The PLCB is tasked with both jobs. It would be like tasking the PA Department of Agriculture with selling a ton more PA-produced cheese and meat and butter while also making them responsible for encouraging Pennsylvanians to eat a healthy diet full of green leafies. We don't do that: the PA Dept. of Health is responsible for that kind of diet recommendation. Besides, a healthy diet can include cheese, meat, and butter; it's the amounts that are the issue... just like alcohol consumption.
file under;; true kings of the wild frontier.............
It makes me both sad and, admittedly, a little bitter, to lose that sense of freedom. My reward for making it through all those years of school is that I now get to work year-round, sluggishly carrying on with my routine, day in, day out. The only difference summer makes is that it becomes a bit hotter and a lot more humid.
With the move more into social networking, Singh said Google is trying to push forward the integration ability of its social networking website Google+. Singh said businesses will start using more of a BYOD, or bring your own device, approach when it comes to using mobile devices at work. Peter Coffee of Salesforce.com said he sees the cloud helping users break through with features and capabilities they may not have had before, such as the ability to create a document on one device and view it on another.
but thats not all they're good for, as shown here, they're also good for being used with papercraft.
-Take a lesson from Marvin Gay in Algreen. Say baby, honey and darling a lot. “Come on baby don’t say maybe”. Or just take a pre-existing song and substitute her name in “I’ve been really trying Veronica, trying to hold back this feelings for so long”. Whenever possible rhyme with her name. “Veronica, Harmonica not platonica, honica”. Specify some of her interest and activities in the lyrics. “See daily broadcast, often about tech gadgets, star trek, that should be enough material.” Don’t forget to complement her while expressing just how lame your life would be without her in it. “There was a time when my life felt hollow, but then you walked through the door at Mahalo and straight into my heart. It’s a good stuff.”
I haven't seen the complete exhibit on both floors yet, it is still being set up! But what I have seen is amazing! You will love the variety of subjects, use of color, and expertise that all the artists bring to this beautiful art center. If you live anywhere in the midwest, please put this on your calendar.
‘Pretty pinholes.’
Other Notes: The jaw is pretty much fixed. There are no screws to adjust the amount the skull's mouth is open. The skull is another issue in that there is no way to position it a certain direction - it simply rotates - so expect to come out and find your skellie looking backwards.
The writing style is a hybrid of fiction and non-fiction. Lengthy chapters written in a documentary format as though in a history book are given over to explaining how this world came to be. It takes a while for the story proper to get going and the interludes feel jarring as the story halts for a lengthy exposition. This is the worst of the sins and if you can forgive that then you are in a for a good old-fashioned science ficton adventure yarn for most of the first 3/4 of the book.
“Goodnight,” I whispered, curling under my blanket and buzzing with sensations.
Good bitterness up front, slightly less body than an amber which is what I have come to see as the characteristic that sets reds apart from ambers. Yes, I know they're different colors too, but I'm talking about substantive issues. Part of having a little less body means having a little less follow through in the taste. The malt doesn't help it stick around for long, and it fades quickly to a zippy, slightly bitter aftertaste.
Book 4 was a prequel, and it was as self-contained as a story as can be. It found its characters right in the middle of 1Q84 world which Tengo and Aomame barely escaped from by the end of December of that "shifted" year. The present story unfolded in the first quarter of the year, literally the 1Q of '84, but it contained flashbacks prior to the "descent" into this world.
#20. watching baseball with my dad and nephew
See also
The inside of the home was in disrepair and it was hard to move through the rooms because boxes containing what appeared to be clothes, junk mail and letters formed barriers, Savage said. Eventually, she made her way upstairs and found a room with a small space heater still on.
The core problem is that scientific research was necessary, but not sufficient, to create today’s industrial societies. Cheap abundant energy was also necessary, and was arguably the key factor. In a very real sense, the role of science from the middle years of the nineteenth century on was basically figuring out new ways to use the torrents of energy that came surging out of wells and mines to power history’s most extravagant boom. Lacking all that energy, the technological revolutions of the last few centuries very likely wouldn’t have happened at all; the steam turbine, remember, was known to the Romans, who did nothing with it because all the fuel they knew about was committed to other uses. Since the sources of fuel we’ll have after fossil fuels finish depleting are pretty much the same as the ones the Romans had, and we can also expect plenty of pressing needs for the energy sources that remain, it takes an essentially religious faith in the inevitability of progress to believe that another wave of technological innovation is right around the corner.
Cheers. ~Logan
“Good Lord! What happened here???”
ABV: 6.7%
Well, not completely......I still check in with friend and family blogs so I can stay up to date on their adorable children. I have a few favorite photo/travel/food blogs that I love to drool over the photos (because who doesn't?)
Clients who need stability have to continually adjust to new caregivers — and new caregivers to them.
“Mankind will be saved by beauty.”
I wonder if it’s ever occurred to this über-bureaucrat that it’s not her job to tell private companies who to hire, fire, or promote?
What was the reaction of the people to this testimony unto Jesus Christ? In Acts2:37it says,
Football has lost the greatest striker of all time, Ronaldo da Lima.
All you do is set your browser to search for images of the record covers… start hovering your mouse over the images – that way, the sites hosting said images will be displayed.
I’m trying not to watch shows on TV as they air anymore. We’re down to: Simpsons, Family Guy, American Dad, King Of The Hill, 24, South Park, Drawn Together, and Smallville. Once upon a time, the roster was twice as large. But we’ve avoided taking on any new network shows. Frasier has filled the void nicely as we’ve watched 200 episodes since January.
In a land where football reigns supreme as the number one sport in the country, Scotland has seen a dramatic rise in the number of young people playing minority sport in recent years. One sport that has seen an increase in popularity is ice hockey with many keen to grab a stick and take to the ice.
Jennifer Johnson (1 platinum, 1995)
So what is this Curse I speak so freely of? The barebones, strictly speaking, could be summed up as such: manic depressive with suicidal tendencies, homicidal fantasies and chemical dependencies. But there’s more to it than that. There’s oh-so-much more meat on that skeleton.
PG&E, the Smart Meter Corp. in this video stated that World Health Organization (WHO) has found that RF is safe. This reference to the WHO findings has been used by RF industry to “prove” RF tech is safe. Today WHO reversed its position!
Memories. Treacherous little bastards that they are. This is a tale that starts with an episode of the Simpsons and ends in surprise, disappointment and something else that I haven't thought of yet but will add into the final edit.
I think John let Eben take Faye and now he’s using that to manipulate the circle more. What is the circle to do now? They can’t fight John themselves when he has all the power and I don’t think they can out smart him. He’s been planning this since before they were born. Their only hope was keeping the last crystal from him. John’s plan is perfect. Without Faye they can’t defeat John and they need him and the crystals to get Faye back.
07 - I'd Die For You
them fat. My demons
Iran suspected of trying to scrub Parchin’s nuclear residue Bad (but original) Purim Torah US Department of Defense giving ‘sensitivity training’ on handling the Koran 8-Mar-12: Job security and benefits in the terror organizations: not what they used to be GOP to nominate Netanyahu Overnight music video The Shlomones – Good Groggin’ (video) LATMA’s Purim special featuring ‘Peace Now’s Megilla Evidence Iran is hiding nuclear activities at Parchin And again: ‘Palestinians’ refuse to return to the damn table
“Why don’t you go on home?” Dr. Katie told the owner. “I’ll need to run tests for about four hours. We’ll give you a call when we’re finished.”
Greta Garbo, movie goddess and Seth Moseley’s favorite interview, passed away on Easter Sunday, April 15, 1990 in New York City. She was 85. Seth H. Moseley died Saturday, August 11, 2000 in Torrington, Connecticut. He was 92. Their fateful meeting in the men’s room aboard an ocean liner would forever set the record straight. Garbo never wanted to be alone, only to be left alone. Never to be forgotten.
I can't wait to show you the rest of my Whimsie Doodles projects I have in the making. Thanks for looking!
You can donate a dollar to the cause and help promote decent music, but if that's too much and you still want to enjoy the tunes on your own hard drive, you can find them via this alternative link that Dagobot has provided.
Spoon batter into muffin pan cups lined with paper cupcake liners, filling cups 1/2 full. Bake at 325 degrees for 20 - 25 minutes, or until light golden and the cake springs back when lightly touched. Cool slightly in the pan before removing cupcakes to a wire rack. Cool completely before frosting.
Mary will be speaking about leadership, the conditions which made change necessary, how that change occurred one person and one family at a time, as well as internally within the organization and what the results have been so far. This is a workshop for anyone looking for alternative ways of supporting inclusion as well as those interested in agency change from any vantage, from friends and family, to agency leaders and those in government. Mary is an approachable, realistic, experienced leader with lots to share and this is a rare opportunity to spend time with her.
New Air-conditioned Mario Bros. Wii — Aboriginal Impressions
One evening shortly after their seventh anniversary, Louis and Shelley Silberman had an argument while preparing dinner. Neither recalls what that fight was about. But both remember how, in the middle of it, Ms. Silberman suddenly screamed at her husband: “We are done being married! I want you to move out!”
According to an internal email that was provided to Congress by the Department of Justice and first reported by CBS News’ Sharyl Attkisson, ATF began watching accused smuggler Jean Baptiste Kingery’s AK-47 purchases in 2004. In the 2009 internal ATF email, Obama administration officials admitted they believed Kingery was “trafficking them into Mexico.”
5 point
I left her beyond a fence,
Sent: Monday, April 09, 2012 7:01 PM
 Salander, Lisbeth - Casting Salander, Different in Every Way, The Look of Salander, Mara/Fincher, Irene Nesser, Salander Test Footage
"Yeah, you came in second in the field day race... but there's always next year."
$Free Olay lotion q wyb BW
Dixie momma was a retired breeding brood, we tried so hard to save, but alas, the damage was already done, as she was very unsocial and fear aggressive. Whenever I have to make these decisions, it's not taken lightly. And, I continue to second guess myself always. But the bottom line is it would not be responsible of me to lie and put an aggressive dog back out on the streets for someone to perhaps be hurt. Momma and I had a nice long walk and some treats before hand. I stayed with momma until it was over. She never knew what hit her, thankfully. But I sure did. I carry that with me for a long, long time, and it's extremely painful, because I do not like to think I'm a god. When I got home, with her empty collar and leash in my hand, I couldn't deal with it at first. And finally, I removed her tags, but I will never put her collar on another dog. It was momma's collar, and for now, it's sitting on my mantel, until I can deal with myself and let her go. It won't be today; not yet. I put her tags on the pile of other dog tags I have collected over the years. I have no idea why... perhaps so I never forget them? They all meant something to me, in one form or another, not all of them are gone, thankfully.
Without further ado, random.org picked our winner to be:
How cool is that! It was hard to see with so many people but still cool that I get to see Nora Jones performed at my office!
“An inability to begin or continue writing for reasons other than lack of basic skill or commitment”
Too many things didn’t add up, and Rel could see it as clearly as he could see that the Sherriff wasn’t buying it either. The Wildren made Stable Rods. And why hadn’t they used actual Coercion on Van Raighan? His Witnessing couldn’t be false - that was the point, a reliable record so that human grievances could be brought to Second Realm justice - but could he be lying about it?
I read eternity’s erosive wear.
Mexicasa Salad with Tomato Chili Dressing
As I grow older and older and older, I am more and more and more convinced that our ancient spiritual wisdom and practice is what has protected us in the past and will protect us in the future. I increasingly believe that Swami Vivekananda was right.
Consider your college choices carefully. You choose Alma College at what feels to be the last minute, mainly so you can keep golfing. Consider this, you’re still staring down student loans 10 years after graduation and they aren’t close to being paid off. You could consider a lower-cost option if you wan to alter the course of, well, everything. On second thought, make the expensive choice. Sure, you make some valuable friendships at Alma as a student — but it ends up being the era when you return to work there as an employee that is most memorable. You fall in love — real love, the heart-pounding-in-your-ears, have-to-see-him-now kind of love — that you write about right now. He’s not the first or the last, but he’s the first real one you’ll stumble into. Because of time and circumstance, you will think to squelch the feelings, the emotions and to end the relationship before it gets off the ground. Override your instincts on this one, would you, and just enjoy it for a moment instead of fretting about what people think. It doesn’t last long, so treasure the time with him. It will be a sustaining memory-of-time as you grow older.
"Landscapes exercise a strange power over you.
and dependable.
I do hope you can come and join us.
Actually, they are of the same size. But, we perceive differently because our brain compares its size to its surroundings. The right circle seem smaller because it is surrounded by bigger circles.
MINUSES - Generally an overrated set in my mind. Way too many airbrushed or "look at the sky so we can't see the cap logo" photos. The back coloration makes the stats hard to read.
There is a bias via the auditory thinkers who need social interaction--they learn by hearing-- versus the visual thinker who does not. In the dictionary you come up with: impractical, impracticable, fancied, illusory, chimerical, unrealistic for synonyms of visionary, which I always thought of as a high complement. The antonym is practical ( from earlier practic, from French pratique, via Late Latin from Greek praktikos, from prassein to experience, negotiate, perform) People who think in words do have a bias. Negotiation is key, If one doesn't think within the framework of words and with others, they are defective.
d) If you won a three-million dollar lottery, what would you do with the money? What would you do
And holy SHITBALLS I SO DID IT! And it really wasn't too dramatic! I will not step out and say easy cause that isn't the case, but it definitely still wasn't as hard as my Week 1 Day 1 workout was. Week 2 consists of running 90 sec intervals and walking 120 second intervals for 30 mins.
It seems that during the holidays, Payton and Suki got together to pull off a heist that Suki had masterminded. Well, why don't I just let the pictures speak for themselves.
I could accept that. I could even deal with the fact that I may look exactly like the loser who broke her heart at her high school prom. Have any of you ever have a boss that hated you, and made your work environment a living hell? I had a boss once who had an intense dislike for me. I could never figure it out. I was always early, stayed late, and worked hard. After leaving the job, I found out that I looked exactly like a guy who had run off with the man's wife. I was supposedly a doppelgänger for a man who was lying on a sand-covered beach in the Bahamas with the late Mrs. Boss.
Man do I love these precise medical definitions. Absolutely correct, yet almost comically detached from everyday speech.
It's coming soon!
"Yep. Let's do it."
July 13th Update:
Betty laughed! “All husbands are jealous! My Don also would not have tolerated a lover in bed! To say nothing of Bob, the chicken farm husband. He would certainly have shot the cat! Eugen by comparison is a nice man!”
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, The Infinite Vertices! And happy birthday to anyone celebrating today!
20th Century Fox recently announced that it will be abandoning its marketing drive for upcoming comedy Neighbourhood Watch due to the tragedy.
I remembered this fun DP that I've had in my stash for a looong time...I thought the retro vibe was perfect for this image and couldn't wait to paper piece her dress! As I was cutting it out, I really questioned my choice...the pieces are tiny! The image is colored with pencils and I added some subtle glitter to her headband, belt, and boots. I used some dies from The Cat's Pajamas for the border and the sentiment. I added some (actually LOTS!) of Swarovski flatback crystals to "bling it up" a bit.
Beyond that - well, there hasn't been much beyond work of late. That tends to happen when you work so much. Home has been buried in writing or mindless television and then sleep. That's it.
How do you find time to work on projects?
There a a few alleyways in the CBD that are entirely covered in art, but there are also some area further out that have large clusters. I primarily wandered in Fitzroy and Brunswick. There are some more neighborhoods that I need to check out as well and I am sure to do so in the near future. The images will speak louder than words so instead of a long winded post I will simply post them.
And how funny would it be that the most serious heartfelt letter I write to you, you don’t have to read in jail?
I am afraid the advertising industry has been infiltrated by people who don't really believe in advertising, don't care much for it, and are not very good at it.
I have no misgivings about, or lack of confidence in the cause in which I am engaged, and my courage does not halt or falter. I know how strongly American Civilization now leans on the triumph of the Government and how great a debt we owe to those who went before us through the blood and sufferings of the Revolution. And I am willing—perfectly willing—to lay down all my joys in this life, to help maintain this Government, and to pay that debt . . .
Ok, I'm trying to keep this blog g-rated, but isn't that funny????
they are not my reality
The usual advice is to pursue the former.
Fennel seeds – 1 teaspoon
I've been wanting a digital SLR camera for ages, but I've been hemming and hawing about the price, and whether I'm a 'good enough photographer' and whether the price will go down significantly so I should wait... But Costco had a really good deal on the camera I wanted, and my dad offered to pay a huge chunk if he gets to borrow it sometimes, and I do really want it... So last night my mother, father, and I piled into the car, excitedly poked at the floor model (or at least I did that), and waited anxiously while they dug around in the storeroom to find it (erm, wait a second, that was just me as well...). So, even though I'm not using it until Christmas, and we only opened the box up long enough to make sure everything was there, I now own a brand new Canon EOS Digital Rebel XS with a 18-55mm lens and a 75-300mm lens, and a nice camera bag to keep it all in. So I am VERY happy about that! Even though, having just spent $820, I'm also VERY worried that prices will drop significantly after Christmas... Oh, and yes that's the exact type of camera I got featured below, only mine is in silver. :-)
on the Kindle
KORPIKLAANI Roks Club Saint-Peterburg Russia (19-03-2008)
Whitehorse said when Navajos were forced on the Longest Walk, they were removed from their homeland for four years. The government returned Navajos to only ten percent of their land, and only did so because the government felt the land was worthless. Later, oil, gas, uranium and coal were discovered on Navajoland.
It’s times like this
For the first 12 people who comment on this post,
A shot or four later…. taking the cover and side off to see if I could see what was happening with the switch… )When I hit it, the fans would turn on – but not the CPU. )
” Next station is Janakpuri West.Doors will open on the right.Please mind the gap.”
Two weeks before Xmas.
I saw this the other day on Facebook
Hitting the woman was wrong and a complaint and report should have been made by the Arab for outrage of Muslim sensitivity at most (this is however East Malaysia and NOT a religious place), even while the condescension of Arabs towards their ‘faith based colonies’, was probably the first punch thrown and the self inflicted sanctimony to a right to feel outraged inappropriate. Clash of civilisations happened here.
Our destination on this occassion was Legend Gold and Safari Resort in the Waterberg region of the Limpopo province… wow! Spectular views, fresh air, beautiful sunsets, and the opportunity to get real up-close and personal with nature, and family, away from the hustle and bustle of city life. Which brings me to my picture for the Weekly Photo Challenge… 3 zebras together. On the second day of our break we played golf on the resort’s ‘Signature’ course and were graced with warthogs and zebras grazing in the fairway. On the other days we also encountered the majestic springboks and antelopes, often in herds grazing together.
- I can Wiggle
2 hours before the kids are sleeping!
THE IMAGE:
Fortunately, it was not too late. Prendergast worked with representatives from Service Ontario’s Policy and Regulatory Services Branch to determine that the Land Transfer Office had indeed received and processed an application to transfer the title of the house and to register a $600,000 mortgage against the property. But, crucially, they had not yet certified the transfer. Once RECO informed them of the fraud they halted the transfer
The main character is a cyclist who becomes a wartime sniper, then returns after the war to dispense aid and occasionally retribution. He then becomes a somewhat unwilling post-war nuclear spy, seems to me. Perfect material for a novel indeed, and sure enough, the novel is there, or sections thereof. Only he does not approve of the way his experiences have been embroidered, and cheapened, as his life has been turned from actual to fiction. So we have a pattern of ‘memoir’ then fiction – which switches to fiction then comment via memoir. The voices are distinct. The ‘novel’ sections are a little more 'writerly', as the unseen novelist stretches to make the events seem more exciting, more colourful. The voice of the memoir sections (for want of a better word) is flatter, factual. It is extremely easy to forget that one is, in fact reading a novel with a novel within it...hence the Moebius strip analogy – which probably does not hold water – but what’s wrong with a good jumble of ill-at-ease mixed metaphors when describing ‘Vault’, which does not lend itself to simple description?!
Hey?! Did they do a track called that yet?………..
last night i dreamt that all my plants died. there had been a storm, and it killed every plant on my window sill. most notably, my huge aloe plant was reduced to a puddle of green goo. i mean, i’m having stress dreams about plants. i’m stressed. what else is new.
more runs to lead the game 7-4 at the end of the fourth.
But not too warm, chicks.
Hello, my friends! =) I have two very different projects to share with you today. This first project was a design team challenge for the Inspiration Team from... two months ago. I know! So sorry that I haven't had the chance to share it until now. Hanging head in shame...
I like the ‘parallel’ that is going on between the reel and real worlds. As the James Franco’s character develops new and improved drugs to make the monkey more and more humanly intelligent, the film makers capitalise on new and improved motion capture technology to make the monkey more and more human!
I began my sabbatical on June 16 and a few days later was down in Haiti – my fifth and longest trip yet to that sad and surprising country. Shortly before going, I began a blog that would chronicle the process of researching and writing the book, and invited people around the world to participate in the creative process. I have been posting short written reflections, photos and videos (most under two minutes) ever since.
her to resurface.. to really want to show up to the party ~ ya know?
Back to our South Australian trip. We left Hahndorf for Adelaide where a new adventure awaited us. More about that in a later post. We were driving through the Adelaide Hills looking for the little towns of Gumeracha and Birdwood. After doing a cha cha around the roads and getting lost we eventually found The Big Rocking Horse at Gumeracha. You can climb up stairs inside it to a lookout on its back.
Thought I'd died? Ill weeds grow apace.
So here's to strength, wisdom and serenity!
I'm looking forward to a Spring and without either being pregnant or toting an infant! We've had several showings on our house, but no offers. I'm pretty sure our next step is to take it off the market, refinance for a 15 year note, and then work on paying it off over the next few years. At this point the prospect of being completely debt free sounds incredible. All we lack is our mortgage. Lord willing, we'll be able to do that. Eventually we'd love to be out on an acreage, and build our dream farm-house, but God ultimately knows what we need. Sometimes it's so easy to look to the future and dream, that we forget our place is in the here and now.
hot pink borders painted white - check
firm, enough to stand
That's you, Odelia! :D I'm a bit extra excited, b/c I know she's followed Acrylicana for 4-5 years (crazy).
He had expected to enter into a protracted correspondence, concerned with agreeing and confirming dates, but he instead received a mere four words.
Once again, I got up early to go running. Once again, I did not go.*
"I sell chicken".
So amazing that my body doesn’t know what to do with 80 degrees in March.
Churches are often targets for arson because the buildings are frequently unoccupied and church schedules are very predictable. Security systems in many religious buildings also are often insufficient or absent.
Rushes and reeds must be woven to be useful as a mat. If
Here is a video I tried to capture in my phone
For those who can, get down to Ormand Hall, Belgian Beer Cafe
I began on Friday at the Academia del Tango in Amsterdam. I was advised against this practica by a chance acquaintance (but an experienced dancer), still, I went there, because a friend I hadn´t seen for a while insisted it was really nice and practically like a salon. What can I say, perhaps I ought to have taken the advice; but I really wanted to check out this place. It is perhaps the oldest tango school in Amsterdam and very conveniently situated in the centre. And it wasn´t bad, but, well, it was a practica and it showed on the level of dancing – though it is true that some good dancers started coming in later in the evening. There is, however, one significant drawback to the Academia: it has a linoleum floor! And slippery like hell – it was like dancing on ice! It was not so bad for the slow tangos (though I did put in a lots of circle adornos to enhance my stability..) but the milongas! Some of my dancers found it amusing, you know, there are some fancy moves which are easier to execute on a slippery floor but, frankly, something resembling an ice revue is not my idea of what a milonga should be like. I really found that rather disappointing, because I think that if you decide to open a tango school, with all kinds of tango events, than surely a decent wooden floor ought to be your primary concern..?
The material world like our bodies is really there and we know this by sensing it and its impact on us when we get hurt or, with bodies, when we enjoy each others bodies in love. That is interactive: the chemicals cause the mental and emotional feelings of love and the body interacts with these and acts out the feelings. Our contest with the progressive orthodoxy is reality: what is actually happening, what are the real consequences of their unrealistic philosophy and ideas. We have seen through the contemporary wish-fulfilment imitation of reality, now we have to study what is really going on through collating incidents and news reports to derive a more accurate version of reality, to develop our patriotic view of reality.
on your freckled forearm, remembering skin,
Thanks for reading. Part II coming up.
and found my struggles further bogged me down
I will be sending this to you shortly!
Good gravy, a new PPV 2 weeks from now, why does WWE do this? 2 weeks of buildup does nothing. Even if it is Hell in a Cell.
2. Should I continue my Master Degree after this or double degree in Psychology?
and thus the day went on.
The Guardian’s circulation in the same period was 279,308.
I’ve been really lucky as far as call goes. I take call for my own patients, who are lovely and only call me at night or weekends for true emergencies. I want to be called for those reasons! So everything is awesome, except for vacations. It’s tough to get coverage for vacations that I can pay back, since I’m not on staff at a hospital. (If you’re not on staff, you can’t see patients in a hospital.) I usually get my friend from fellowship to cover me for vacations, but she was busy during my Argentina trip. I didn’t know what to do, so I asked Dr. B, the head of child psychiatry at a nearby hospital. He was really nice. I thanked him profusely and vowed to pay him back some way, but didn’t really mean it. Maybe I could take him and his wife out to dinner or something. But maybe they don’t like me and wouldn’t want to go to dinner. That would be awesome. I was happy and fuzzy until Dr. B e -mailed me to tell me there was something I could do for him. I could give a lecture and participate in a half day adolescent psychiatry program this Friday.
WHY I'M WAITING?
Frederic Huntington said, “It is not scientific doubt, not atheism, not pantheism, not agnosticism that in our day and in this land is likely to quench the light of the gospel. It is proud, sensuous, selfish, luxurious, church-going, hollow-hearted prosperity.”
Hal’s utter glee at sticking to his routines was never more overt than in this episode but I still want to know what Kia-Ora does to him.
Grumble less. Giggle more!'
After more months of routine checking, all ISI stations across the country had reported finding no trace of a Pashtun money changer named Arshad residing in Abbottabad. Furthermore, the Peshawar detachment had learned that Khan had been purchasing prescription drugs during his monthly visits to Peshawar, as Qadir learned from two separate ISI officials involved in the post-bin-Laden-raid investigation. The suspicions of ISI officials were now piqued.
Her book My Sparkling Misfortune has 4.6 stars from 46 reviews:
How about you? What's your idea of a perfect day trip?
The way Sanogo went on to justify the coup was inconsistent and wide-ranging. His initial responses to questions about his troops’ demands indicated that their primary concerns centered around living conditions, pay, and education and job opportunities for their children. When prompted about insecurity in northern Mali, however, he claimed that this issue “occupied 70 percent of their preoccupations.” (During a later interview, Sanogo again had to be reminded about the rebellion after listing the factors that led to the coup.)
i notice more and more hijabers are into photoshoots. i notice that photographers have 'muslimah photoshoot' or sewaktu dengannya. i realise there are contests in facebook yang the grand prize mesti ada 'photoshoot'. and then, the participants mesti ada yang gambar memang dari photoshoot ngan photographer mana entah siap watermark kat picture tu kan. and i notice some proudly call themselves 'model muslimah'.
No, not 200 things you wished you knew about me. (breathe a sigh of relief!) 200 posts on this blog. Probably would have been a lot more had I not started working full time 2 years ago, but oh well. I'm not in it for the numbers. Over the last few weeks I've had so many pictures & posts I've wanted to put here, but I've had to spend my time on other things. Such is life!
He was being quite aggressive in his manner, even if his language and delivery remained quasi-Shakespearean.
When I am back at base I shall track it down and be sending a few emails out with links to the death threats I have received.
“I can’t wait to wash my hair,” said another, smoothing his dark mop. “Man, we fucked up some houses, shit.”
Speaking of which, when is Winter going to arrive in NW Arkansas? It's been in the 50-60's during the day for a while now. This is January, isn't it supposed to be cold? The fact that our past summer was extremely hot and now this has made me wonder if this location is where I belong...I don't mean to complain, it really has been beautiful and mild. But something about it just doesn't feel right. Maybe it's just the memories of the Northern Indiana winters stuck somewhere in the back of my head.
My mind is already on my garden. I'm thinking about what I will be growing, where everything is going to be planted, how will the greenhouse be set up this year etc. I have several things that I am sure will be in the garden, but I always try to plant one or two things I have never grown before. Its not always a success, but its fun! And that's a big part of having a garden, the fun of it!
I painted the wooden letters by Pink Paislee with some Shimmerz Pearlz Blue by You. I chose these colors because it matched very closely to another contrasting color included in the kit. You can see from the picture on the right. That's my little tip: do not do more work than you have to. Leverage the colors chosen by the kit maker :) Here is a close-up of the letters on my layout, such an adorable font.
While we're on the topic of straightener, I should also touch on weaves, and their predecessors, braids. Many Black females, will change their hair/extend their hair length with artificial pieces or hair that's been cut from others. Braids are done by looping a length of the hair to be introduced around the client's hair and just braiding it in. Weaves come in rows of hair. You start with your hair plait flat against your skull, and then you sew or glue in the weave. Also there are pieces you can just clip/pin in.
Lately I have been having pretty bad headaches/migraines. I am used to having headaches pretty much nearly every day due to my TMJ but man it's been way worse. My doc recommended that I try massage therapy to ease some of the tension in my neck/back.
Cap-and-trade — both of them bought into the global warming hoax, bought into the cap-and-trade, top-down control of our energy and manufacturing sector.
My week in Norfolk, VA is coming to an end. Well, it's not really a week... I arrived Monday evening and leave tomorrow, but it's enough. Nothing bad to say, but without a car it's kinda hard to get around!
71. Feeling like I'm doing a good job of getting healthy food into my kids
While the left is surely motivated by hate - I mean, nothing could be more obvious, they want to do nothing but destroy - is it bigotry to question Mormonism? To wonder whether, all things considered, a president who is Mormon might be a problem?
I began squirming with pleasure. The hands continued their gentle kneading of my boobs while the tongue teased my clit. Occasionally the tongue would be flicked into my pussy. “Oh yes!” I cried, “Fuck me with your tongue!”
The one thing I am SO SCARED OF RIGHT NOW is ... in about 3 weeks I am going to have a new baby and I keep having these scarey thoughts of WHAT IF I DONT WANNA HOLD THIS BABY, WHAT IF I MISS MY SWEET LIJAH TOO MUCH, WHAT IF SEEING THIS BABYS HEAD CLOSED AND NO BRAIN SAC ON TOP MAKES ME SAD. AND THE OTHER THOUGHT THAT KEEPS RUNNING WILDLY ACROSS MY MIND IS.... " what if Elijah had lived? then this baby wouldnt be here and I honestly cant say WHAT that makes me feel but I FELL SOMETHING STRONG AND VERY INEXPLICABLE. WHAT IF I GET HURT FEELINGS WITH PEOPLES REACTIONS TO THIS BABY vs. how they reacted to Elijah.
Fellow Revolution Wheels driver Max Utting enjoyed a successful tarmac rallying debut as he drove his Subaru Impreza N12b to 16th overall. Utting, who had never driven his Subaru on tarmac before, ensured that he finished the rally in order to gain as much experience as possible and had indeed been even higher up the leader board until a puncture cost him precious time. This weekend was a massive learning curve! Not only had I never driven the car on tarmac before but I was also using a new notes system! I loved the rally and the notes worked very well so it was a success!
Have you all heard of Pinterest? It is a place to collect and 'pin' all of your favorite photos, articles, recipes and more. Visit my boards here and check out the 'Loaf of Pug' LOL! People are so crazy and creative. XD Each photo you pin can be clicked on to be taken to the original source.
Cecily can’t be bothered with boring things like the steep new tax or the military draft that requires Welshmen to serve in the king’s army overseas. She has her hands full trying to fit in with the town’s privileged elite, and they don’t want company.
State Senator Carl Kruger (right), a recipient of campaign contributions from Bruce Ratner’s brother Michael and his wife Karen Ranucci, saluted Forest City Ratner for building MetroTech. “Today we’re entitled to our piece of the pie,” he said.
Cmdr. William Howard Donovan, 37, Nunda, N.Y.
Jefferson Airplane Somebody to love US
I tenderly tuck him in and close the flimsy curtains that separate us from the rest of the world.
It's mad, really, that I haven't done this before, especially when one of my jobs once as a teacher was helping children to plan their study schedules...
Pet travel agents
I lay awake on my bed
It was strange; at first I would often be conscious of being the only white person in a particular place. I never felt vulnerable, but I certainly felt conspicuous. After a while though, as our faces became familiar and our presence drew less attention, I wouldn't even notice. Yet at the same time, it was vital to retain an awareness of who I was and where I came from. My story may have been running parallel to that of the people I met and became close to, but the truth is that I could never forget I was there by choice and not by birth or history.
*To make candied bacon, lay 6 or 7 slices on a wire rack set over a sheet pan lined with foil. Combine 1/4 cup brown sugar and 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon. Rub over both sides of bacon. Bake at 350 degrees F until deeply caramelized, 30 to 35
In the “Craig Frost” position: Tim Cashion
Dance little blogger, dance.
I'm just a hate filled motherfucker, huh?
Never take anything from anyone that you can’t in some way pay back or pay forward,
There are two sets: one for domestic sewing machine quilters and another one for longarm quilters. The 4 pieces set for domestic machine quilters is meant for marking only. Both sets are identical, except for the 5 piece set for longarm quilters has an additional template A1 cut from ¼” thick acrylic and it is used for stitching on a longarm quilting machine.
If searching for Brother printer ink begins getting frustrating, take into consideration purchasing your next needed printer ink supply in bulk. Or consider trying out less expensive printer ink cartridges that may work equally as well with your printer, or maybe, it may well be time to upgrade to a new modern Brother printer which takes simpler printer ink cartridges even generic printer ink cartridges Always bear in mind to attempt to try buying generic printer ink cartridges because they are the products to avoid wasting money on your printing.
As my son began to plink upon it in the car, I told him, “I have made an important decision. I am going to start saving for my childhood. I want to design a secret garden in my yard and store up a treasure of toys for when I am a child.”
03. Ain't Got No Heart
Excellent digital radio broadcast featuring muscular versions of eight songs from Polly Jean's 2000 release "Stories From the City, Stories From the Sea" plus a couple from 1992's "Rid of Me" and one from 1994's "To Bring You My love. Aussie station Triple-J has an annoying habit of putting loads of station idents in the broadcasts, and where possible these have been removed - there are slight changes in the level of crowd noise where these have been deleted, but where the ident went over the start of "This Wicked Tongue" I have had to leave it in.
Talking about spouses, what story do you hear about Anwar Ibrahim’s lady? None really except a deliberate attempt to scratch at the helms of her modest Baju Melayu. But the wind left the sail even before it hit, so that is a non-issue.
The ones you would be lost without.
There are three rides in the Harry Potter section. We went to the Forbidden Journey first, the ride that goes through Hogwarts Castle. Lucy was too small for this ride, so my Mom took her shopping in Honeyduke’s, the candy store. We walked and walked and walked some more through the castle, snaking our way through the cattle chutes set up for the extra long lines that must form. There were lots of interesting things to see along the way, which probably make the wait more tolerable, but I can’t imagine wanting to go on the ride bad enough to stand in lines that long. You have no idea until you see it the area reserved for lines of people. It went on and on! Anyway, we ran right through it and I ignored all of the signs along the way that said “Those afraid of heights and prone to motion sickness should not go on this ride.” I am both of those things, but I came all that way and I was going to experience it! And let me tell you, it was thrilling beyond anything I’ve ever experienced! However, getting sucked up in a tornado is probably thrilling beyond anything I’ve ever experienced too, but that doesn’t mean I want to try it, which is why I will never, EVER go on that Forbidden Journey ride again! I spent most of the time with my eyes closed, praying I wouldn’t puke while on the ride. I can’t even begin to explain this ride to you. You’re in front of a movie screen, zipping along, then the screen is gone and you’re in a section of the castle with real things flying at you, then you’re back to the movie screen. You’re whipped around, up and over and down. You’re upright, lying sideways, lying on your back, standing on your head. I’m thinking this could be a highly effective form of torture. I was super dizzy when we got off, and I stumbled out into the world, happy to be on solid ground again. The kids all liked the ride, but John said he had his eyes closed most of the time too.Jack wanted to go on again but Maggie and Max both said that even though they liked it, once was enough for them.
Call me ignorant, but I don’t know how long Bioware’s been around. This is significant for one and only one reason: this is the first game of theirs that I actually liked. I wasn’t a big fan of the KOTOR series, though I saw how it could be appealing. When it came to this and Mass Effect, that’s what really won me over. Jade Empire is a fantastic game as it’s not only about martial arts, but also Oriental mythology in general.
This is a follow up on one of our previous postings on the African Movie Academy Awards 2012, where we cross-posted the results of the winning films. We are here highlighting the winning Diaspora Documentary by Branwen Okpako: “The Education of Auma Obama”.
For the next 7 days, High Hopes Stamps is having a dream come true 20% off sale on a great selection of unmounted/cling foam mounted fairytale images.
However, if these friends are jumping out of their skin and can’t stop saying things like, “No, Diablo. This script is really really good. Like I was crying at the end,” and quoting lines back to you and coming up with inspired ideas to make it even better, and inquiring repeatedly in the coming weeks to find out who you’ve sent it to, well then your script is RFG and you should send it out.
Of her soft-foot malady,
I wouldn’t say I’m a saint, but I’m certainly not a devil. I’m just me. I am Niels. 21 years old, musician, sappy ass guy. I treat my family, and my girlfriend like they are the most important people in my life and so they are. They all made me into who I am, and I’m proud of who I am.
I didn't take many photos myself, because I was a little bit preoccupied about looking after all my precious stock. Some of the items we used are very collectable (meaning they have some value) and I personally treat them with the care and scrupulousness of a museum curator since any damage, stains or flaws will reduce their value considerably. I tried to switch off that 'conservationist' voice in my head because it was such a privilege to see them worn and styled so imaginatively. This seemed to work for the duration of the shoot, and I'm so glad I stopped myself from intervening too much!
Reality hit me smack dab aside the head just as soon as I removed my graduation cap, thus supplying a clear and easy target. True, reality had poked his thick callused fingers into the birthday cake of my existence once or twice before–but that was along the edges where intrusions sometimes go unnoticed or are, at least, easier to hide.
”Lord forbid a Baptist or Mormon school,” he added.
Spring break in America means hitting the beaches of Cancun, exploring the coast of Southern Cali or just really venturing to someplace warm and sunny and getting wasted with your friends. While that sounds like a nice little week off from college, it begins to feel routine and overrated. This invent as AfrikaBurn deems the event gives people not just a time to get away from the formalities of society but also a time to create something to bring back from this temporary space and intertwine the aspects into everyday life.
of what I thought I had to cast..
Out of himself Jesus was unable to do anything. Therefore he needed the glory of God to be with him. He needed God’s Spirit to be with him so that he could make the right decisions. Jesus was aware he needed this glory of his Father and had no desire to do what was pleasing to himself? For him it was clear that he wanted only to do what was pleasing to Him who had sent him. (John 5:30). He knew he was the special product from his Father in heaven. The people had to get to know now this prophet given from among Gods people.
when you try to force the meaning of a picture that is all gone
PERSONAL GOALS
8. And here is my favorite application off Google Earth: one of my HeidiSongs Facebook friends that I met at the conference, Debbie Eiss, suggested that Google Earth might be a great tool to find out if kids really live where the parents say they live! Simply type in the address that is listed on the child’s contact information and pull up a picture of the residence. Then ask the child, “Is this your house?” If the child says, “No, that’s my Grandma’s house!” or something along those lines, then you’ll know that an investigation is in order! I LOVE it!!!
I’m sure there are a lot of people out there right now who are sweating as they wait for their pink slips, or their “letter” saying that they are getting axed by the federal government. Well, good news! I will help you guys plan your next venture – your imaginary and/or impractical business! There are so many options out there, you can turn your dreams in to a powerhouse money-making business (nightmare)! You probably have skills and interests that you can already make money from. For example, say you worked as a food inspector. You can become a marmalade maker! Or make unusual yoghurt with sheepmilk or horsemilk! See what I mean? You already pretty much know that no one will inspect your product! Are you excited yet?! How about if you were a department manager, and kept track of vehicle logs and whatnot? You could make candles! Or you could buy a bunch of marginal real estate with a zero-down scheme in order to rent it all out and run around with a phone pasted to your ear, repairing plumbing, broken windows, and furnaces, and end up scaring staff at your local library when you pop in babbling about how you need to log-in as yourself so you can establish your alibi. See what I mean? There are hundreds of thousands of amazing opportunities!!
2. Antena - Seaside Week End (Demo Version)
to Love...
Andries and Deborah's godchild Elna Lubbe, 39, visited Deborah in the hospital on Wednesday morning and said she was very muddled because of the shock.
If the first 2+ weeks of 2010 are any indication... Beer Tap TV is gonna have a kick ass year! Last weekend both Erik and I were out and about on BTTV business. He was darting around the mid-west and I was out in Northern California.
I will try my best to compile all the entries with Dear Cloud’s songs. It might be a very short time to to do this, but I hope I will be able to make it through before the concert on August 20. Or if it is not possible, I will wrap everything nicely in a CD and give it as a congratulatory gift for them on behalf of all of you. I hope I will be able to put the video in their Korean club too.
felony and, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not more than
This seems to be a hopeless situation for one who is blind can not see the truth of the gospel. Saul was blind and there had to be one to lead him. Those who were with him led him into Damascus. Three days later Ananias led him out of blindness. It took him three days of praying to be spiritually ready for both physical and spiritual deliverance.
“You see, conditions like this can’t go on. People can’t live this way, tossed back and forth by political and economic powers. Masses of people shoved this way and that according to the needs of this government or that cartel. There’s going to be resistance, someday. A strong, desperate resistance. Not by big people, powerful people, but by little people. Bus drivers. Grocers. Vidscreen operators. Waiters.” - Philip K. Dick. “Paycheck”
In 1978 an elderly ranch farmer in Colorado purchased a farm with loan from the Federal Land Bank; after he died the property was passed on to his son Roy Schwasinger Jr., who was a retired military general. Soon after a Federal Land Bank officer and Federal Marshall appeared on his property and informed him the bank was foreclosing on his farm and to vacate within 30 days. Without his knowledge, his deceased father signed a stipulation which reverted the property back to the Federal Land Bank in the event of the borrower’s death.
To bring my darling image to life I printed him onto Neenah Crest Solar White, and I used my Copics in the following shades:-
how was i to survive the pattern
vital to some component's functioning. China, which now produces 95% of rare earth elements, continues to take steps to regulate extraction of these vital elements.
Why is Quilting and Patchwork so popular?
I ended up selling it to my soon to be sister in-law and I am hope she enjoys it as much as I did. I am happy I was able to give her a great deal on a fabulous car. But I am still a little sad.
He’s rather taken aback because he can’t place where he knows her from. So he says, ‘Do you know me?’
Quek says incidents like Batang Kali were not necessarily unique at the time. “There are many other cases of injustice during the Emergency. You must understand, this was at a time when the British thought all Chinese were Communists. The Chinese had to prove they were not Communists.
About Scholastic
Largo, from Serses (G.F. Handel)
We also stopped by Fran’s Chocolates and I bought the most outrageously delicious chocolate covered macadamia nuts. They don’t seem to be on the site but they were covered with dark chocolate and some kind of spicy crunchy coating.
Lydia’s penal record, the first port of call for gathering information on her looks like this:
All of that is nonsense!!!
She will also work on developing packaging and pricing designed to deliver significant growth and profitability to the company and fresh experiences to customers.
“Buildings were moving about, twice in the space of 10 minutes,” said Lakshmi Vijayakumar, founder of a suicide hotline in Chennai, the capital of India’s southern Tamil Nadhu state, adding that they’d received an increase in panicked calls.
Sauerbrei A, Gluck B, Jung K, Bittrich H, Wutzler P. Congenital skin lesions caused by intrauterine infection with coxsackie B3. Infection 2000; 28: 326-328.
6. I have entirely too many cookbooks... but every foodie does!
Detective Brianna “Bree” Morris and her partner and ex-lover Steven Kemp are back. This time they are thrown head first into a gruesome homicide that brings forth as many secrets as it does clues.
Penguin turned around in her chair with a big grin and exclaimed, "We're trying to decide if you can have twins!"
At its simplest level, this new translation, extensively annotated to explain the more obscure references, is a welcome opportunity for anyone who has already read Dr. Zhivago to revisit it and experience a richly rewarding fresh take on an epic tale. For those coming to it for the first time it is a chance to read one of the greatest novels of all times.
Today is my Mom’s 74th birthday.
Lower left (Maia's): 1/2 english muffin sandwich; blueberries; grapes; carrot; pickle slices.
Onions (larger than 250g) – unplaced
And prosecuting these great labors,
Pet dander is a common culprit for many allergy symptoms, but for those of us with allergies; it's certainly not always the cause. I blamed my constant stuffiness on my dog's dander for years - only to realize it was actually my apartment that was setting off my sneezes. Looking back I realize the allergens were everywhere - floating in the air, stuck the carpet, or hiding behind every bookshelf - and I wasn't doing a thing about it
“I must first tell you that I am a man in perfect health and that I have never been subject to hallucinations or other abnormal states. Yesterday, I was in my studio, seated at my table working. Suddenly, I heard a metallic, musical sound. In turning around, I noticed a tall man, of a race that I didn’t know, a curious red bonnet on his head, who was standing in the room. I immediately realized that it was a psychical trouble. The man was holding in his hand a sort of tuning-fork composed of two branches, with which he had produced the sound of which I spoke. Between the two branches was a gilded hammer. Immediately, I saw appear on the ground piles of fat white insects which were tearing each other apart in a rustling of wings whose deafening noise was becoming intolerable. I still have this sound in my ears which is upsetting all my nerves. When the hallucination was over, I immediately started to draw the scene with a stick of seria. Then I went out to take some air. In passing before a newspaper kiosque, an impulse that I am unable to explain, given that I don’t like this magazine, prodded me to ask for Simplicissimus. As the salesgirl was giving me the last number, a decision just as inexplicable prodded me to say: ‘No, not this number, the one before, please!’ Back home, in flicking through the magazine, I found to my great stupefaction your story The Game of the Crickets relating, give or take a few details, all that I had just experienced myself one hour beforehand: the man with the red bonnet, the insects that were tearing each other apart, etc. I beg you, dear Sir, to have the kindness, if you can, to explain to me how I should interpret this thing…”
Materials used: MME 6x6 paper pad - Honey Cake; AC Cardstocks; Fiskars Punch - Grass; Papertrey ink Die - Fence; Spellbinders dies - Eyelet Circles; Postage stamps; Parisian Accents and Twisted Metal Tags and Accents; Copic pens - W1; Kaisercrafts Sentiment Stamps.
We thought he would go to Hong Kong, but he decided he would rather come HOME!
In 1812, Beethoven went for hydrotherapy at Teplitz, where he wrote his ardent letter to “The Immortal Beloved.” This letter which was found in a secret draw with the Heiligenstadt Testament, has not stopped the theories and suppositions of researchers and biographers ever since. Numerous women amongst his students and friends have been, in turn, proposed as the recipient of this letter. Unless a new document is discovered (perhaps within the possessions of a private collector) it is likely that the truth about this mysterious woman will remain a secret.
His rendering of Gretel, and the entire novel, is pitch-perfect. The painting captures so many little elements from the book, both literally and stylistically, that it bowled me over the first time I saw it. I *love* the cover.
“You just need to believe,” said Master Oogway.
Tuesday morning found us moving slowly. Our wine and cheese party lasted until 3:30am and we loved every minute. About 12 friends came, many who had never met each other before but you would never have known it! Much laughter and more than a little wine! Peter joined us and we struck out for Passy cemetery near la Tour Eiffel. A beautiful small cemetery with many photo ops. The sun came out and made it more so. A quick trip to Trocadero and the obligatory shots of us and la Tour followed. We walked a few blocks and had lunch and a quick trip through the Yves St. Laurent Foundation exhibit by David Hockney. He has created art by using his touch screen on iPads and iPhones. Amazing. Mary left us about 3 and headed to Montmartre to meet a friend and Peter and I zipped off to the Marais. I did some shopping and we took some photos along the way. At 5 we met photographer Carla Coulson and Jean-Luc Rollier at a nearby cafe. We had a wonderful time getting to know each other and of course talking photography! At 7:30 we met CDP blogger Laurent ( Daily Photo in Paris) and Mary for a nice dinner and a little champagne. Merci Peter. We ended another grand day in Paris at the Hotel de Ville metro. Today we leave our fabulous apt. for a hotel for our last day in Paris. Our flight to Cininnati is looking good. My flight to Bham is iffy. C'est la vie.
Ole Anders Tandberg (stage director)
little Art rests near a large Febreeze unit with a
I’ve been remiss in my bloggerly duties. I should’ve posted this yesterday, but I got wrapped up in other stuff that was more pressing, though not nearly as cool.
So when my boyfriends sister said she loved my pictures and asked if I would take some of her new baby I jumped at the offer.
Before we even got started in the evening, I took a stroll by myself and just started point and shoot without the flash in the total darkness, just for the hell of it and why not?
My daughter and her husband are musicians, traveling to different venues and entertaining various audiences, just as these musicians are doing in this setting. I know these folks do what they do for the joy and pleasure they derive from this activity. But, they do have to live and meet expenses, such as meals, gas, overnight stay. Whatever they receive in these jars might be all they have to continue doing what they are doing.
Owners Michael and Jeffrey Stuffings and brewer Ron Extract have begun brewing in their newly built facility located on 200 acres in rural Austin. They are planning on five different styles initially, including Boxer's Revenge, an oak barrel-aged wild ale, as well as a British-style dark mild, a rye IPA and "Franco-Belgian inspired farmhouse ales."
Whether your poison is Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, or Google Plus, social media is ingrained in our personal lives, including the workplace. Most companies have a policy about employees’ use of social media at work, but they aren’t taking advantage of the social media marketing phenomenon.
Her co-ops are both at newspapers and she gets the chance to write articles for the papers and interview people.
he plays baseball, soccer, tae kwon do and off and on drums and piano… so where in the world would i find ANY extra time to go out onto the streets….. i really started feeling bad a few weeks ago when i seee the homeless still on the streets struggling and in misery and i know that i cant save the world…let alone the homeless in pittsburgh, pa but it bothers me…..
I loved so many things about it. Even though it did take up a lot of my time, it forced me to post every day, even if it was just something short. And after the challenge, it definitely left me relieved that I only had to post Monday, Wednesday and Friday for the rest of the year!
“It’s probably the work of a young man who wanted to tell us how routine the process of data collection was in villages. The private agencies entrusted with the job have no understanding of the job in hand,” fumed Payyavula Keshav, a TDP MLA from Anantapur district.
ROKKER (Austin, TX)
I really do”.
downthetubes: We haven't seen your work in British comics for a long time. What have you been working on?
Hi everyone...I am madly crafting away for tomorrow in Aberdeen having lots of fun with new crafting products...what will I be up to tomorrow?! That is the twenty dollar question but stay with me and I'll share a couple of sneaky peaks.
(c) All Rights Reserved.
Not only could Paramount Pictures boast having released films directed by Ernst Lubitsch, Billy Wilder, Cecil B. DeMille, and Mitchell Leisen, but it could also boast that it released films directed by Sir Alfred Hitchcock at the height of his career. Starting with Rear Window in 1954, Paramount would release To Catch a Thief (1955), The Trouble with Harry (1955), The Man Who Knew Too Much (1956), Vertigo (1958), and Psycho (1960--although it would later be distributed by Universal). These six films are often counted among the best that Hitchcock ever directed.
Draw the Dark by Ilsa J. Bick (2010). Christian’s parents disappeared when he was young, and ever since he has sketched obsessively, trying to remember his mother. But Christian has a nasty habit of drawing the thoughts of the people close to him. When Christian finds himself near an old man whose thoughts contain terrifying secrets, Christian’s drawings threaten to uncover an unsavory chapter in the story of his small town.
Bevin weighs 170.2 lbs (down 5.7 lbs! Earlier in the week I was actually down to 168.9 for a couple days.)
For as long as man has had history to report, there have been hookers. Prostitutes, to say it correctly. If we research the term, we can find a shitload of definitions, but if we sum it up, it's simple: a person does some kind of sexual thing in exchange for money. Put your seatbelts on, this is going to get interesting...
Hi! Have you missed me? I've been gone ages, I know!
Stamps: Four the Holidays
The doctor's orders?
OK, we’re not talking international incidents, but our chickens did provide us with a challenge, caused (as most challenges are) by competing agendas:
down a couple bars with me.”
Stop The Lies has been informed that the renovation work was carried out in February 2009 which cost RM1.5million. It is surprising that the owner would spend so much to renovate the bungalow.
-Possible: If there were no limits on the number of nominees per category, then surely this nomination would happen, but the limited number of spots means that at least some in this category will not make the cut.
Another thing the young Miss Kerri gave me was a love of good stories, this was the first of quite a few we shared over the years. We were both way ahead in our reading, leaving "Are you my mother?' style books behind really quickly.
For the wrap:
Feels so Good
Every band has their secret weapon and Dojo Cuts are blessed with two – the insistent and driving rhythm guitar of Nathan Aust and the startling vocal of singer Roxie Ray. The role of the rhythm guitar in this music cannot be overstated: the unadorned tone of a semi-acoustic through a vintage amp has that percussive chug and chop that links the harmonic with the rhythmic and ties it all together just beautifully.
For the A to Z Blogging Challenge this year, I decided to use it as an incentive for myself to publish – go real life – wowser – some of my fiction. To a possible audience. Who might or might not read it. Yikes.
Time: 8;00 – 9:00 am
The only bummer about having visitors (aside from the extra sheets and towels to wash) is the crushing silence that follows when they’re gone.
@VirtualAstro
These last few days have been a whirlwind. Every day gets better. I feel like now that one infant would be a breeze. Oh yes. But we are making it, bit by bit, breath by breath, hour by hour and sometimes minute by minute. They are starting to recuperate, we are getting well, too (seriously--I haven't been sick in years, but every single baby in the orphanage was sick so it was inevitable), and we are starting to find a little groove.
Finally, here is an activity where the students match lowercase letters to uppercase letters. The kids really liked this because the letters are on butterflies. Because I had to fit so many letters and pictures on the page, this is done on legal size paper (8.5" x 14").
Patient Services Manager
They'd rock for hours in the front porch chair
Washington needs to hear your best ideas about how to clamp down on rogue websites and other criminals who make money off the creative efforts of American artists and rights holders. We should all be committed to working with all interested constituencies to develop new legal tools to protect global intellectual property rights without jeopardizing the openness of the Internet. Our hope is that you will bring enthusiasm and know-how to this important challenge.
I have a check list that has to be fully ticked off before I will concede what this time of year is:
But, in the interest of getting better on time for my birthday, I skipped my broomball game tonight. It was a very hard decision to make but I was threatened by my Manisha and Lizz and told I had to rest.
Ray has enough to deal with when the voice tells him to “ease his pain”. He thought he meant the radical novelist turned social recluse, Terrance Mann (James Earl Jones). He tries to kidnap him to take him to a ball game where he didn’t have the opportunity to do when his father.
We have two wonderful sponsors this week:
Yes, I'm kicking myself over that. No, I don't need your help there.
I recently re-connected with an old friend by way of the Facebooks who i hadn't talked to in well over a decade. Turns out he's been living in jolly olde London, England for the past 5+ years of that time. Who knew? Actually, i did, it's just been a while is all...
Sunday is pumpkin carvin' day and NFL football - go Skins!!! I'm trying 3 new recipes this weekend so the house should smell really yummy - one is a spaghetti sauce that simmers all day and another is a macaroni & cheese in the crockpot (a/k/a heart attack in a crock pot if you saw the ingredients!). I may even have to throw in a Starbucks pumpkin spice latte somewhere in here.
It's just a sprain, but it's bad enough to keep me away from my knitting basket. So all of the WIPs are just sitting forlornly next to the sofa, waiting for me to recover enough to get to work on them again.
At first he's loath to trust the frighteningly disfigured young woman who tried to kill his intellectual idol, the Head Historian, but soon realizes that his survival may depend on her, and he learns that the man he put on a pedestal may be hiding some terrible secrets. These secrets are so long-buried that even the Historian's daughter Katherine doesn't know them—in fact, to her, Thaddeus Valentine is dear old dad, and enables her to live a life of ease in one of the Upper Tiers of the city. Katherine also has her part in the story, however, and the tension builds as she and Tom make their respective shocking discoveries and realize what they must do to save their beloved London.
When they have learned something
That means that someone has to go north or south.
“To impose anything by authority is wrong. The child should not do anything until he comes to the opinion—his own opinion—that it should be done.”5
The girls, and I looked over the recipe, which calls for using raw egg whites (which we try to avoid) and vodka (which we don't have), and opted to go in another direction. But, we did enjoy watching the video of Kathy Gallagher and her daughter turning their flowers into candy. Instead of following their instructions, we washed...
WRITE UP #3: This one was completely ridiculous. They did a write up for almost EVERY SINGLE SERVER because we had all stopped filling out the tip out report sheet. Why? It had long ago been moved from the area where we dropped our check out/money for the house to a random location where we always forgot. The management hadn't been bringing up that this was important or warned that write ups would follow. It came out of nowhere. I began to realize that write ups didn't have much significance.
Also in this series (click on a pictures for details) – Camp Wedding for Kindle will be free at Amazon today:
At Muse in the Marketplace however, this past week in Boston, I learned a thing or two myself! I was on a panel with Mollie Glick of Foundry Media and Katherine Fausset from Curtis Brown. We each talked about an aspect of agenting and it was from Katherine I got a lot of good notes because she talked about short story collections.
In Springfontein camp, 19 to 20 people where crammed into one tent.
Gads its been forever since i last posted here or even looked at any one's blogs. And i am behind at least a month in emails , have year end to do and my office is a mess again.
Paris: Why? What's wrong with the way I dress?
In France, action painting and Abstract Expressionism are called Tachisme (Tachism).Pronunciation: ack·shun payn·ting – from about.com
However, like certain other icons of the silent screen, including Theda Bara and Mary Pickford, Valentino’s individual films are not always as well remembered as they might be. Aside from THE SHEIK (1921), perhaps his most famous role (even though its 1926 sequel, SON OF THE SHEIK, is probably an even better film), Valentino is not known specifically for one “great” film.
top here, and thus I have had to use only a few words
Some of you (who have yet to comment here, but with whom I've had conversations) think athletes are people who play professional football or baseball or basketball. Tennis and golf players DO NOT COUNT, according to these people.
Thanks for taking the time to visit our challenge. We look forward to visiting you all again to see your entries using this colour combination.
Here is our menu this week. For those of you celebrating Christmas next weekend, have a blessed holiday!
1/3 cup pesto
While it is not required to use Our Daily Bread Designs images and sentiments on your creations, we would love to see them if you have them! As a way of recognizing those who do use Our Daily Bread Designs stamps, we will again be choosing 1 to 2 creations to spotlight for our Shining the Light Award. In order to qualify for this award, however, you must use Our Daily Bread stamps and have your submission added to Mr. Linky by Friday, April 27th at 8 a.m. EST. If you upload your creations to Splitcoast Stampers or any other online gallery, please use the keyword ODBDSLC105. When creating your posts on blogs please include a link to our challenge.
If you win you will have the choice of which of these prizes you would prefer. I wanted to leave it up to you exactly what books you want. So imagine, you can buy any book that you want! Here are just some of the great books you could choose:
T is for Tinnitus; bells in our ears!
up on his arm as we
And it's got me missing my Swatch watches too. The ones with the pastel straps. Mine were pink and blue. Some of the girls preferred the white and yellow. But we all agreed that there was no point in wearing them if you didn't wear them two at a time. Man, you were nothin' at my jr. high school if you didn't have at least two Swatch watches!
42 geese a-laying,
For the ganache
He said he was in touch with the president’s close aides when the October 1, 2010 bomb came off, and had no inkling his arrest was being planned.
For a more professional presentation on Islam’s core beliefs, you can check out the informative documentary titled: The Fog is Lifting: Islam in brief.
But I just put them so simple, no customizing at all.
rhonda@magicalmemoriestravel.net
If you are thinking of a career in law, or are currently studying with a view to a career in law….you may wish to read…..
As I would like to think of myself as a creative person, that concept does not make a great deal of sense to me. Dreams have inspired some ideas, but, for the most part, they are quite difficult to recall in specific details. Most of my ideas come from unique associations that I make while I am fully conscious. To put it simply, they generally can be described as This + That + Something Else = I've Never Seen That Before. Ideas are formed by our lives and how our brains work, which is why only a small percentage of people are capable of producing inspired ideas, while the less creative often resort to recycling the familiar. Dreams are not unique to creative people, but the imagination to process and channel concepts and thoughts into art or innovation is.
-energy bar or light carb-filled snack
(one of her not "good" quilts we were actually allowed to use! I kept a couple good ones (like $500 good!!) as well. I love that they were my grandparent's but also the history behind them. Interesting to imagine the person who made them painstakingly by hand so long ago.)
Stamps: Magnolia Bubbling Tilda, AmyR Stamps Magical Wishes sentiment set
Paper and Such - Patriot and Friends stamp set
Trio for Violin, Horn and Piano
Have you ever really just looked around? Taken your time and browsed the grocery store like you're window shopping in a fine department store?
They were the longest and most gentle fingers you have ever seen.
The Pink Elephant Designers
Happy Monday to all.... I hope you had a pleasant and productive weekend!
Come on old friend, let's head for home. As he said this Mae did a double take and pointed at the full length mirror by the door. Kay looked over and her jaw dropped at the sight of the reflection of a very real six foot white rabbit.
“Oh you don’t need to, it knows you, so it knows when to take a photo. That’s why I made it look cute and pretty because it’s like a pet that you can take anywhere!”
There was something about the Mama Bear family tech conference a week ago that creeped me out. I am the father of a 5-year-old boy, and perhaps a third of the people at this conference were trying to build apps for him. All the apps were well-intentioned. All were, at some level, educational.
However, I have been wrong before.
To where we stood.
I accept the anxiety. I trust that one day it will subside.
Subsequent chapters focus on particular themes: conceptions of the state; ideas of anarchy and approaches to action. The rejection of centralised power is a strong theme in anarchist writing, but so too is the state’s hypnotic authority which leads us to adopt roles that militate against individual reflection and conscience. In the state, Fredy Perlman argued, we wear masks; and even if we agree with the decisions that we are charged to take, we are infantalised by Leviathan and the processes which structure daily life.
So You Think is the favourite
3 - Holiday Story Contest. Hosted by the brilliant Susanna Leonard Hill, this holiday contest hits the blogosphere December 19-22. Honestly, I'm most excited about this one! Check out the details here (scroll down past the Thanksgiving Story finalists!).
By the way, if you have a choice, and you should because you’re paying for it, for God’s sake, make a “do not play” list. Unless you really enjoy the Chicken Dance or the Macarena, do yourself that favor. That was one of the best moves we made; that and getting out of the country for a couple weeks after the wedding. Those days…were some of the best days of my life.
But the voice persisted. It takes no more effort than drawing breath.
Providing a microwave
There’s a word for “perilous erotic situations.” Rape.
The past couple of weeks have been chock full of highs and lows.
Most generations are suffering from the “digital-age” syndrome: brevity as the daily conundrum. People are reading vast amounts of information and smaller amounts of well-written prose. Of course, there is good literature found in cyberspace (access to articles, journals, magazines, and newspapers to name a few), and the e-reader is popular.
Well, Alter ego, I am going out tomorrow with my friends. That should make you happy, right? My Alter ego is smiling with his average sized teeth (opposite of my huge horsey teeth).
First, and maybe most important,
The cutest bouncer in Key West helped me find my phone, so the need to hyperventilate was removed and there will be more stories of Key West to follow. I love this place!
Hosanna in the highest!
So for me Christmas is summed up with warm weather, the beach, eating christmas dinner outside, and of course spending time with my parents, sisters, and granny.
It's another Wednesday and I've been pulling paper packs to make some cards. I have a home party to put on in a couple weeks and need to get my ideas together. So, my desk is covered with paper. Hopefully this afternoon I'll get some ideas. And check out the Stamping Ground for more desks! You get to see some fun projects, too!
I have admiration for all those who will be giving their time freely and willingly though...
I thought it would be warmer today
I spoke at length today with the Airforce Wing Commander who flew both of the sorties in the Orion's. He is a very experienced Search & Rescue pilot. He explained to me how they calibrate the radar and perform the search. The radar the Orion's are equipped with is specially integrated to find periscopes, which as you can imagine will be a lot harder to find than a 35 ft steel hull which is a perfect radar reflector.
Good book. Highly recommended.
Odendaal says he and his colleagues were in full police uniform.
Cheers guys!
I've got a feeling scorched almonds are just an Antipodean thing - they're basically roasted whole almonds enrobed in chocolate - so if you can't get them then I suggest making a sandwich with two squares of dark chocolate and an almond, then wrapping the cookie dough around it. It's still good, trust me. If you want to try making your own scorched almonds, check out this recipe.
Features that were a high priority for me seven years ago, aren’t so much now. Kerry's post helped me to realise that I will live without the special features I love. While desirable, they are not essential. Thanks Kerry for the perspective!
Wherever this flag’s flown
I suspended the charm on red ribbon and decided to create a 'You Are Ace' sentiment for this card (especially as the charm features an Ace).
Banaian’s platform calls for fiscal responsibility and a smaller government.
green chillies 3
Anywhoosmo, this last Sunday, we had the Director General of Kenya’s Vision 2030 with us, interviewed by one of our pastors and Jimmy Gathu, to tell us what the entire initiative is about, how it’s going, what its plans are et cetera et cetera et cetera.
Glenn realizes that George Soros is the soulmate he's been corresponding w/by email. #YouveGotMail
Next appointment: January 5th. I still have to get to the Dr. to get the orange drink for my Gestational Diabetes test. Since Joe is off of work tomorrow, I may take a trip over there to get what I need. I’m not looking forward to this test at all.
Apple had a boom quarter on the back of the new iPhone 4S, selling more than 35 million handsets, double that of the year-ago quarter.
I'd packed away baby clothes that would never be worn.........
I am I believe a product of my time, robbed wholly of faith and left clinging to flimsy nothings as life bellows its mighty rage, such rage it is as if I know nothing less, as if life is but a trial and I am to be laid low by it. Ah but what a decade, what a one, what a spectacle indeed, so many tongues here now, so much diversity what room then for me, for mine ,for us, amongst them, those with hostile eyes, arrogant manner and rude movement. It is as if we have not given, as if in the taking of all we have they lost respect for us, now brown eyes radiate odium, faces pinched by bitter wrath and we, huddled against a politically correct wind, stagger under tremendous burden.
NEXT MEETING: Wednesday, Feb. 16, 2011._,_.___
“The battle to feed humanity is over. In the 1970s, the world will undergo famines. Hundreds of millions of people are going to starve to death in spite of any crash programs embarked upon now.”
He held her eye, fell into those bottomless ebony pools and saw the jagged cuts and tears that he had caused. Another lie. He'd never leave her. He'd always stay. It was his penance.
“Ye may think on your cradle,
Any incidents at a high-tension fixture would be a serious setback for the IFA and it's campaign to see 'Football for All'.
when I am able to add some beautiful pieces to our home.
Are you ready?? Here we go then… When you download the first: Marcus Sch. from player (1st, blue download button, a webplayer will open. Just right-click and choose Save as….)
In our writing, is it lucky three? Other numbers are endowed with symbolism, although three does appear to be particularly popular in Western writing. So should we use it in our picture books? Why not, if it works? We probably do it subconsciously. But if we use it too much, will the magic of three wane?
When the sausages are browned on all sides, remove the pan from the oven. Fat from the sausages should have escaped from the little fork pricks, and be sizzling nicely in the bottom of the tin. Pour over the batter mix — there should be a load of hissing and spitting and it is all rather exciting. Put the pan back into the oven and turn the heat up to 200c. Leave space above the tin, as you hope your pud will rise very high (it doesn’t always, but it doesn’t really matter). Cook for about 20 minutes, or until as set and brown as you like it. Remove, cut into pieces and serve. Some people will scrabble for the crunchy edges, other for the more doughy blubbery middle.
2) “True love is like a metal tested in a fire. Fires of adversity surround us daily. Are we to love only when it is merely convenient? Like gold or silver, which very hot fire must heat to purge them of impurities, love must be thrust into the fire from time to time to make it purer, stronger and more resilient. And in the same way, love shines its brightest right out of the flames.”
The President of the Republic declares war, calls for general mobilization and concludes peace agreements after obtaining the approval of the People’s Assembly.
From here what road to take was not sure.
8 drops essential oil(s)
5. Bake for 15 minutes. Then turn over each latke and bake for another 15 minutes or until both sides are browned (you don’t have to add more oil – there will be oil left on the paper).
Well, at least it was enjoyable. Hopefully I can deliver each and every author’s own uniqueness.
(Yeah. I'm the ONLY harpist he knows.)
A great and welcome article by David Adams in the Irish Times discusses the media's large scale rush to blame pastor Terry Jones for the violence carried out by Islamists in the wake of his koran-burning antics, and their reluctance to condemn other horrific acts of violence carried out in the name of the "Religion of Peace".
“Accordingly, as President Fidel Castro bows off the political stage, all of us like the rest of humanity can only but wish him, a well deserved rest, knowing fully well that the Cuban people will continue to derive inspiration from his experiences.
It was good that I hired Melvin. My first few days were pretty rough. On my first day as a sales representative, I had some trouble with my GPS unit. I had bought it second-hand from my Uncle Earl. He said he had gotten it from some fellow who had gotten in a little trouble, didn't need it anymore, and was going away for a long time. I don't like to develop preconceived notions, but I think the guy may have been a mass murderer or a serial killer. Every time I punched in a destination I would end up either at a crime scene with FBI investigators, and miles of yellow tape, or in an isolated national park next to what looked like shallow graves.
Here are my fifty-five words for G-Man's Friday 55. Head on over and see what others had to say this week, and maybe give the F55 a shot yourself.
It's been too long! I've been so busy for the past week or so with moving our of my lovely Art Deco flat and in with P's parents, ready to move into our own place. The good news is we've exchanged and will be damp-proofing within the fortnight; the bad news is our former landlady is being quite mean about returning our deposit. Despite the fact I scrubbed the whole flat from top to bottom she has branded it 'dirty' and me 'a liar'.
I have been working on addressing the Christmas cards and will mail them on Saturday:) I am excited! This is the year to find Lisette's family!
Blizzard! How lucky is it that it’s Sunday. No driving — or so I thought.
I just wanted to post a quick update about the blog. You will have noticed I’ve not posted any new articles since the McLaren launch, meanwhile my work is appearing in other places.
Law #8: An out of date virus scanner is only marginally better than no virus scanner at all
On the way back I read Jesmyn Ward's Salvage the Bones, another book that contemplates skin color, gender, and class. It's a heartbreaking book, and I confess to skimming parts, especially the dog fighting parts. Yikes. But it's compelling, and it makes me realize how fortunate I've been, how damaging poverty is, how tough to escape.
critics say you are crazy and unelectable
Getting Poste Restante letters in random places around the world was magic. One of my best memories is ruffling through boxes and boxes of mail in Kathmandu and miraculously finding three letters, filed wrong, from my boyfriend who was living on a remote island in French Polynesia. The letters were months old, but without the daily bombardment of communication we get today, the words were golden. These letters were tucked inside my travel pack and read over and over.
it comes without warning.
d) The palm tree was the symbol of the land as seen on old Jewish coins… Proverbs 14:34… “Righteousness exalts the nation”…
Me: I don’t think the bridges were there back then
(I didn't have flavoring oil so I used a tablespoon or more of Mint extract)
Bake in the oven for 15 minutes or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean.
Vallen en opstaan, als je het voor de kost mag doen, dan is het een leuke bezigheid! Vraag dat maar aan Sigur Rós. Neem nu de nieuwe song Hoppípolla. Op een dag waren ze wat op de computer aan het spelen met Viõrar vel til loftárasa, een nummer uit Agætis byrjun. En dan…
“Really?” he asked fumbling in his pocket for something. “It must have made a mess.”
I won't go on and bore you with the minutiae of The Diet (just because it consumes my life doesn't mean it should be a main event in yours) but I really am doing well. I've lost (mostly) my craving for sweets and snacks. Today was a little hard because I've had a headache ALL DAY - and that always makes me want to eat because maybe I'll feel better. But I didn't let myself get fooled by that today and stuck to my lean protein, my soy smoothie (blackberry chocolate - a winner!) and a cup of thawed frozen edamame beans with salt and pepper for a snack. Lots of water. For dinner? L is going to have to take me somewhere because we're out of food - well, there is nothing to cook for dinner except canned chili - PTOOIE! I should have gone to the store, but my head was aching... yes,yes, I know I managed to go pants shopping, but that's different. And for the record, I didn't feel well the entire time, so it wasn't all fun and games.
I’ve played around with the idea of writing a book for a while, here’s some ideas:
This is my attempt at the Diva's Weekly Tangle Challenge. This week it's a monotangle of Paradox, suggested by Maria (one of the creators of Zentangle). At first Paradox made me angry because I could never get it to look as awesome as everyone else's tangles. After practicing with it many times, I'm finally getting the hang of it and starting to love it. Reminds me of Betweed, and in some areas, Sanabel.
Create your own life
After I descended the stairs, I walked past a dining area in the back of the restaurant where a man was being interviewed on camera. Directly behind him was a huge TV where the same interview was being broadcast live. Even though I was outside and there were no open windows or doors, I could hear the interviewee saying that the building was once a house. The woman who lived there killed herself. No one would buy the house. So he turned it into the McDonald’s. He never said that the woman was his wife, but somehow, I got that feeling. You know how in dreams you just know stuff? Like transcendentally?
Am I sabotaging myself??? Possibly
I love creamy ales. I love nitro pours. I love the fact that the thing in the beer can that creates this is called a widget. (I say that word too many times a day at work already. Different context.) I love watching the beer swirl around and generate a giant fluffy white head that reminds me more of a latte than a lager. The Wexford pours a light amber, with a thick, off-white nitro head, that leaves mild lacing along the sides of the glass as I sip. The scent is sweet, mild, and maybe a little malty. The first thing I notice isn't taste as much as the overall feeling this beer has. It is slippery and smooth and creamy and feels like dessert. It tastes very mild, almost buttery. I heart it. It makes me want to eat at O'Dowd's, though. Sigh, I will eat a boxty again soon, I am sure.
There’s the final paragraph of Darwin’s Origin, of course–the “tangled bank” image, “There is grandeur in this view of life”, and all that. As good as anything I’ve ever read, but perhaps a bit too lengthy to be considered a “quote”. I’m thinking more of pithy one-liners here.
You know that I love, love, love all of the great bling products that Creative Charms has to offer so it goes without saying that I had to bling up my layout using Creative Charms Vintage Jewels in Steeler logo colors and some Gradient Gem Stickers.
Rose found the words
Sorry for the radio silence, but I just got back from the best vacation ever and I kicked and screamed all the way back to New York.
all eyes were on him as he began briefing the nurses and CNA's on our new admit..........
Frank H. Brennan, 50, New York, N.Y.
* Chinese University Hong Kong (Hong Kong)
Here is what i have discovered so far
Finally, I am making a Happy Birthday Centerpiece for my stepdaughter's 14th birthday at the end of the month. I was planning to add some fresh flowers but I think I really like the sucker flowers. I still think fresh flowers would be really nice. Maybe both. I used Cricut Craftroom Basics, Cupcake Wrappers and a surprise cartridge.
Ally Blake is a bestselling, multi-award winning novelist who has been published in over twenty languages with more than three million books sold around the world. Her fun, fresh, flirty romance novels are published by Harlequin Mills and Boon. When not writing Ally spends her time wrangling her three boisterous toddlers, reading anything and everything, sneaking M&Ms, glued to The West Wing reruns, and barracking til hoarse for the Collingwood Magpies. More at her website www.allyblake.com.
THEY ARE COMING TO AUSTIN!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS WEEKEND!!!!!!!!!!!!! HOLLA! SCOREEEEEEEEEEEEE! THE CROWD GOES WILD! "IT'S FATE" I THINK!
quietly stepping into the room
Last weekend while I was back visiting family, my brother and I went through the park again, accompanied by his wife. We saw a wolf gorging on a freshly killed elk (probably roadkill) just across the river from the road outside of Mammoth. We saw a grizzly only just out of hibernation, and a herd of male mountain sheep who were apparently killing time while waiting for the females to give birth. We were hoping to see newborn buffalo, but they were just starting to appear. The ranger said they’d seen three in the park. We saw one female clearly in labor, but she was going to be a while and we didn’t wait. We even saw a gorgeous black-and-white raptor we couldn’t identify sitting above the river waiting for a fish. The pictures aren’t great because I took them on my cell phone. The animals were that close.
The Shout is essentially a creation of average easy thinking and easy drinking menfolk. For as long as we have had The Shout we have kept it simple and it works best when all the drinkers are having the same thing. This is due to the fact that the pubs in times of yore had as many as ten taps – all serving the same beer – and all the blokes were blissfully content to drink that what came out of the tap. Today the same pub may have sixteen taps dispensing different beers of varying styles from a dozen countries. But The Shout is inbuilt with an automatic default update setting. Beer is beer is beer.
Iced Tea... hot tea... chai tea... green tea...
I stumbled, caught myself against the tabby wall (made of oyster shell and sand mortar), then sucked in a gasp. This is a classic example of not giving your reader enough credit. I travel quite a bit through the south, so I already knew what tabby was, but if I hadn't known, I either would have been able to figure it out or I would have looked it up...LATER. Not while I was in the middle of the action. Unfortunately, this happened quite a bit in places where I definitely did not want to be pulled out of the action. In fact I was pleading with Ms. Jasper at one point to stop distracting me from her rockin' story!
This is what everyone loves about shopping online, they provide the flexibility to make an option and look around for as long as they like. Not stopping here, shipping options are always provided to make sure that the selected options purchased beforehand to reach you in no time, safe and sound. The Office Furniture of today seeks ways to meet your expectation to the very detail. Now that the details are there, don’t hesitate to look around or ask for assistance online. The team is more than happy to make sure that you are provided the best.
Owns or has the rights to the licensed patents.
Forcella in Williamsburg off of Lorimer is a cute. quaint spot. I have to say I may be slightly biased because they started off the experience on the wrong foot with me. I’m not a fan of liars.
Adding to the atmosphere of fear among visitors is the specific demand of Maoists asking the government to ban tourists’ visit to tribal areas as the first step for release of the two Italians. Tour operators admitted they feared the extremists might attack tourists and would not hesitate to kidnap them in case they took them there. “The situation has been so complicated that it has become impossible for tourism to survive in the state, a trade that had been generating handsome income for locals,” said a tour operator. As per official reports, Odisha receives around 60,000 foreign tourists every year, nearly 5,000 of whom visit tribal areas.
Day 5- Your favorite quote
"It is my belief that the course on which this should proceed is by you making a complaint to the Metropolitan Police and finding out whether or not they are prepared to carry out an investigation.
“We saw a 30% rise in sign-ups of our online privacy and security software, Cocoon, after Google recently started combining all the data from users of its products to create a mega-profile on each consumer,” said Irvin.
1) I found an article recently about Boden and its infiltration into the American market. I was really surprised by a couple of points. It turns out that though we (readers of this blog) think Boden is taking over America, in reality, it has BARELY MADE A DENT. They believe that the country is becoming more receptive to Boden's quirky styling and fun prints, etc., so expect that there will continue to be more media presence (like seeing their products in the pages of Marie Claire and Glamour), and expect that products will more often come from the Pittston warehouse instead of the UK (thank goodness for shorter shipping times, an issue for many of you).
In search of the jobs that aren't there.
Elvis drag? Hmmm....
The Hump Bar.
I hope you enjoyed my favourites! Sorry they weren't that exciting!
1/4 cup butter, at room temperature
Sep 2011 - Court of Honor -- all three boys in uniform, with my parents
Now, what SUCKS is this:
1 inch of cinnamon
their cousins, it makes for some great stories and great pictures, so it is what it is. BUT…would I love to get away? Oh yes……far, far away. Even for a little while….or
You wanna buy another drink for the man standing knee deep in thoughts at the bar?
The striking thing about this probe is that it seems, on the face of it, to charge cops for something most people frankly assume cops do anyway: making summonses disappear for friends and family. I don't think anyone is surprised or particularly scandalized by the notion that police officers might get traffic tickets erased as favors for buddies and buddies' wives and kids and neighbors.
You must come and visit because I want to take Mom there.
Praying about this is hard, because I think there is a part of me that is perhaps angry with God for changing my life again. I felt pretty content and satisfied before, so why this? Not every mom should be home, right? Perhaps this mom shouldn't have this role.
Carl has just recently written a straightforward, down to earth and very useful book called The Behaviour Gap. You can buy it here and if you are serious about building long-term wealth, this small investment will give returns many times over.
Almost all the ingredients of one of the first dishes I ever learnt how to make, from a Sardinian flatmate in my university days.
We walked on the seawall around the hilltop to the right of the cove, and were amazed at the big swells coming in from the Atlantic that crashed against the rocks and came very close to drenching Marko as they splashed up and onto the seawall in the exact spot he’d been in a second before.
1 cup of kosher salt (it does have to be kosher)
This phenomenon does not only manifest itself in public, who amongst us, in our own homes, with the windows shut have not noticed guests instinctively lower their voices when expressing a view or mentioning a fact which might displease the zealots at the UAF?. The campaign has been relentless and it has taken over thirty years to reduce a race which once ruled the seas to a state of fear and confusion cowering before a word which they do not fully understand.
Local connectivity and synchronization
He loves us, He calls us to run to Him for forgiveness, He wants to shelter us from the wrath we so righteously deserve. And He is unashamed, unapologetic, unwavering, and unsidestepping when He talks about our sin.
There are times when my husband is very creative and once he sets his mind on an idea, he cannot be stopped until that idea is complete. Last month, he got inspired to design and make a robot out of some robot fabric and ribbon that I had for some baby ribbon blankets I was making.
It is by these motives and thoughts, which we have imagined, that we determine how we will react to their action.
The Mutt is easily the best story: the name comes from the many varieties of fresh hops used to brew it, some of which came off the vines that grow in the parking lot behind the flagship pub. Like Laurelwood, they have gone for a very mild substrate--a standard pale of just 5%. What results is a tasty session, slightly grassy and green. The various hops balance each other out, so there are none of the strong weird flavors, but also nothing that makes you sit up and take notice. (Quite a bit of reserve for the Lucksters--I wonder if they expected a stronger flavor, sort of a "wall of sound' effect. We'll see next year.)
NOTE: Most of the masks sold in Thailand are NOT SUFFICIENT to keep out the PM10, but hey you look cool!
We had a pastry shop in the lobby at the Taj and I still remember the pastries and the breads that were made that year; they were to die for. The best dessert sold there was crème brûlée. I still think he makes the best bl..dy crème brûlée in the world!!
KUALA LUMPUR, Sunday 28 November 2010 (Bernama) — Deputy Prime Minister Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin described the remark by Parti Keadilan Rakyat (PKR) president Datuk Seri Dr Wan Azizah Wan Ismail yesterday as an attempt “to salvage a sinking ship.”
A Dog Named Christmas ... Hallmark Channel ... 4 AM
But then, that's how ignorant Romney is. Smart in business--his own business, if not the healthcare business--an ignoramus in just about everything else. Especially when he opens his mouth and out come the words that hoist him on his own petard.
Bonnie Langford's Mel has been much maligned and called the worst companion of all. Regardless of what you think of Mel (and I quite like her) she fits into this story perfectly, being nice, cute and fun.
Hearts centre-half was a big strapping defender - from Fife, ironically. Craig Levein would, of course, go on to manage Hearts before heading to Leicester City and Dundee United before taking the job of national coach in December 2009. And selecting the son of a Dunfermline goalkeeper from two decades ago for international duty. Sadly, few of Levein’s team mates that day did anything of note in the managerial field. However, for some of the Dunfermline team, it was a different matter.
The gulf between political leaders delivering the medicine and the voters having difficulty in swallowing it has become wider and reached the point where it is proving indigestible.
SPRITE SEASON BEGINS: The first sprites of summer are starting to appear in the skies of North America. The strange thing is, summer is almost three months away. “Sprite season is beginning early this year,” says Thomas Ashcraft, who photographed these specimens on March 30th from his observatory in New Mexico:
What is your public?
Thanks for all your tips and suggestions for styling my bookcase. I will try to remember each one as I continue to pick away at it!
My precious mother-in-law, Barbara went home to Jesus last night. She was truly the strongest woman of faith I have ever known. Her 81 years on this earth truly made it a much more wonderful place. I never heard her utter one negative word or complaint throughout her entire illness.
My mom got this blow up kiddie pool from a friend, and had never opened up before. It looked like a decent size from the picture on the box, but once we started blowing it up we quickly realized that it was more like a baby pool. It may not be as big as pawpaw's pool, but the kids didn't seem to mind one bit!
3:15AM: Still straight to voicemail. Contemplated how I could physically transcend my body into another dimension. Nothing.
*Correction: in the early 2000s eight OUA teams made the play-offs.
In fact the truth about Mandela is so hidden in mythology and misinformation that most know nothing about him prior to Robben island, and those who do tend to exercise a form of self censorship, designed to bolster the myth whilst consigning uncomfortable facts into the mists of history.
What should greet me, but Miranda Cosgrove singing..."All I Want for Christmas Is You". I fell to the floor in the fetal position and wept. Openly. My daughter had the kind grace to change the channel.
My ideal, very simple, weekly 6th Grade Language Arts lesson plan looks something like this:
Xypherous: Noooo! The parrot will never be on the Showcase, now!
Oh, how I long
Our nation needs someone who understands how and when and why the President of the United States should call people, and these two examples clearly indicate that Barack Obama is lacking in judgement and decision making. We need to- and can- replace him in 2012 with someone with better judgement and decision-making skills, someone who understands that the CEO of BP should have been called in two days and that a private citizen who is called a name by a radio show host should not receive a phone call from the President.
First ground our cupcakes with a semi circle. Then glue cupcake bottoms:
A humble man with a contagious smile, the Dalai Lama describes himself as, “A simple Buddhist monk.” Currently 76, he was proclaimed the 14th Dalai Lama at the age of 4 and became Tibet’s leader at 15. In 1959 he made a harrowing escape from Tibet over the treacherous Himalayans as the Chinese made a violent grab for power. He now resides in Dharmsala, India.
In case it's not obvious, v, r refers to verso (=left), recto (=right).
At this point Mam gets really angry so Dearest beats a retreat and goes to do her shopping. When she returns she asks around if anyone knows where she got the sausages from. On old dear tells her that my Mam had gone out the day before. She had caught a bus to Manchester and bought some sausages. She said she had seen
Sam Rockwell carries the film with ease - ranging from the vitality of Sam at his highs to the wretched wasting away of Sam at his lows. Kevin Spacey provides the voice of Gerty, Sam's station computer, and - while we were distracted by the fact that (1) Gerty was "I can't let you leave, Sam!"-ing under HAL's lengthy shadow, and (2) Kevin Spacey lives in London now, right? is this why he's in this British film? just wondering - he is fine. There is no other character of importance. Um, sort of.
This room has probably become my favorite in the whole house. I'm so happy with how it has turned out. The last finishing touches will be replacing the frames on the wall of our kids to be larger to fill the space better and maybe figuring out something to use as a tablescape. For now... I can check this off my list of the house "to-do's".
Sarawak Report can now add to growing questions in Britain about Tony Blair and his former PR advisors’ links with repressive regimes.
I really do get it: the Cycling Chic movement is not about wearing fashionable street clothing while cycling around. It is more about making cycling accessible for anyone to jump onto their bike in ordinary street wear and not invest extra cash for bike clothing.
“Too soon?” he replies, seemingly incensed, although he surely must have expected this. “It's been nearly a year! I been following you around like a bloody puppy and all I ever get is a hand on your tit!”
Everywhere the sub-units must be coupled in reliable ways with one another for the larger-scale object to endure. And here there is little difference between the alliances that must be forged within a car for the larger-scale entity to endure and the sorts of alliances that must be forged within a corporation or an Occupy Wall Street collective where chasms must be bridged between not only people, but technologies, architecture, circumstances, etc (despite the fact that cars are allopoietic objects and corporations and political activist groups are autopoietic objects). And here’s the rub: the sub-units that make up any larger-scale unit themselves have their own virtual proper being or potencies and tendencies. Each of these individual parts “wishes” to go in its own direction. One small part can be dissident, actualizing a very different local manifestation– as in the case of the o-ring on the Space Shuttle –and as a result the entire unit can disintegrate or fly apart into entropy.
I would really recommend Wall & Keogh if you’re looking for something different. It would be a calming start to a busy Dublin day.
And runs with an awkward gait.
The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists believes that women should consider the IUD or implant as ‘first-line’ choices because of their effectiveness and safety.
Matthew 25:40
Peruse the aisles while you smile at the various objects one can sell for $1. There are usually one or two gems that will keep you in stitches long after you leave. Buy items to use on the rest of your date, like plastic glasses and plates for a picnic or snacks to take with you to a movie.
We are groaning in prayer, that the seed planted in each of your hearts will bear fruit and multiply even after the excitement brought by this training will long be gone.
I’ve been through ups and downs emotionally and professionally this year and that is sure to continue as long as I’m breathing, but how I handle these ups and downs is something I’ve been examining lately.
It's a small world! We ran into friends who were having lunch...and they totally didn't mind me taking a shot of their Roast Beef Sandwich and Grilled Cheese! (They are friends who understand food blogging - I got to show them my new camera too! :)
Finally, it will be wasted breath because if the system you think you want to change is also the system that supplies you with a comfortable middle class lifestyle, with all the comforts and conveniences that such a lifestyle supplies, the changes you will push the system to make will pretty reliably be limited to those that will not affect your continued access to the lifestyle, comforts and
Unfortunately, I’ve underestimated the preparation time, so am in a bit of a rush this morning. I don’t see to have the right size baking tray, so make do with a roasting tin and the finished sponge rectangle is very lop-sided.
hidden in front of the world.
“There’s Llama, Dr. Llance; Dr. Llarry; Dr. Llamont; and Dr. LleMoyne.
You have to grow, in my opinion, in order to do this. You can run up against some emotional baggage along the way. That’s ok. Hopefully you will learn to use that as fuel.
Due to unfortunate circumcises I am having to post this challenge early, this will be the last challenge for a little while until I can resolve some technical problems my end. I want to thank the DT for all their hard work this term, they have done a fantastic job.
Then I took a trip to my fav lil beach—Nerja!
Take a look at the pics in the next post to see how pretty it looked (cleaned up!)
“Many consumers don’t know the difference between a pale ale and a lager, or a stout and a porter, let alone what flavors are found in a hefeweizen or Kölsch,” Oyler said. “Education is an important part of the Steamworks culture, so the Cicerone certification program has provided us with a structure to help ensure our servers have top-notch skills, which they can then share with our patrons. We want all expectations to be met when people drink a Steamworks beer.”
Please spare a kind thought for my granny (or a prayer if that's something you do) She's had a bad fall.
Barato - Italian vibe
How do you overcome writer's block? Do you sometimes use prompts as writing exercise? What are some of your favorite prompts?
So I caved and borrowed my wife's "all in one" HP device from hell. These are a great invention. Instead of just doing one thing really well, it does several things crappily. And yes, crappily is now a word.
In addition to buffing your badge, Writer Beware advocates could also let The Write Agenda know they're not going to put up with this kind of childish smear campaign. If you run across these absurd allegations, or others in the same vein, don't let them stand unchallenged. Link to this post, or blog about the truth, or post messages so that those who don't know Writer Beware's reputation as advocates for authors don't have to see just TWA's ridiculous rants.
Playing through to the end, I already knew what to expect in terms of the ending falling flat on its face in the last 10 to 15 minutes of the game. As you play the game, your only hope of defeating the Reapers is an ancient Prothean weapon (though not really Prothean but let’s not get into the complicated explanation of where the weapon really came from) known as the Crucible. Hackett and his team work on the Crucible while Shepard is busy trying to gather an army to fight the Reapers. At some point in the game, Shepard finds out that in order to make the Crucible work a Catalyst is needed to activate it. Several missions later Shepard discovers that the Catalyst is the Citadel itself, the sprawling city the player has come to know since the very first game.
sistertongue
So is it a blessing to have more than one mother...??? I think so. The kids are getting a whole lot of love and of course a whole lot of crazy.
The tree is as old as a star
These companies are loading there foods with toxins and poisons, it has been sprayed with pesticides, insecticides, fungicides, and herbicides. Most of the foods on the shelves of a traditional grocery store have been injected with chemicals. The fertilizers that their farmers use are all poisons and chemicals. The fertilizers get into the roots of the plants and end up inside the fruit, and the fruit itself can't even bare fruit. Most of the fruit now days is made from hybrid seeds that produce fruit that can't even germinate and reproduce its own kind. It can't even sustain its own, how is it going to sustain you in the long run. Bottom line, when you eat the cheaper food that is produced for the masses, it is like eating an apple that has been sprayed with Raid. And no, washing it off doesn't help because it is inside the apple and in the skin. The chemicals and preservatives that the national food companies use are 100's of times more powerful than Raid.
This summer is going to Rock like never before!
Fresh and light with a nod towards Spanish tapas, this simple hors d'oeuvre is perfect with wine and easy to nibble while listening, perhaps, to your favorite author talk about sex and birds.
What have I done to deserve this?
photo shoot, play, work on listings, play soccer, a failed dinner recipe (yes, it ended in the trash), play.
Afterward, the book sat, neglected, in my room.
"Mrs. H said he's usually does not."
the dough is now ready - you can either do the open-faced pineapple tart... or the enclosed type like what i did... If you are doing the enclosed tart, its better to roll the pineapple paste into balls the day before you do your tarts... I did mine on the same day, and it took me about 1.5 hours to roll the pkt of pineapple paste...
See my previous post about the tortillas here. I took the remainder of the chili we had not eaten and made another batch of breakfast burritos and froze them for workdays. I simply replaced the salsa with our homemade green chili.
It’s last Friday’s emergency root canal. That was unfortunate (still VERY tender) for me, but fortunate for you. Why? Well, I’d never even thought about what impact Chronic Kidney Disease might have on dental treatment before. I’ve learned a little bit and I want to share it with you.
A thief comes only to steal and slaughter and destroy;
There’s a reason, though, that myriads of today’s young adults are rejecting Christianity as simplistic. They say that Christianity provides no answers to the questions they have. The Christianity—the gospel—they are familiar with, the gospel we sell them, really doesn’t. It’s a powerless thing full of threats more than promises, full of fear of more than love.
If the last two there need explanation, I am happy to provide it.
Jordan R, Wake B, Hawker J, Boxall E, Fry-Smith A, Chen Y-F, Barton P, Albon E, Burls A. Influenza vaccination of health care workers (HCW) to reduce influenza-related outcomes in high risk patients: A Systematic review of clinical and cost-effectiveness. Department of Public Health and Epidemiology, West Midlands Health Technology Assessment Group, 2004.
I am not saying any of this will be easy, but I really want to give it a try for a couple reasons. First I really want to change the way I look at food and maintaining a healthy diet. I know I need stricter portion controls and I need to put more of the right foods into my body and less of the wrong ones. Second I want to prove to myself that I CAN do this. I am able to do anything I set my mind to so this should be no exception. Finally, I obviously want to lose weight and re-kick start my weight loss.
Trotzdem liebe Zorinka, bitte ich Dich nun sie aus keinerlei pakete zu schicken.
Not willing enough, some would say, a 5° turn from the lie rather than the necessary 180°, but cautious grounds for optimism.
In any case, the entombed drill will presumably outlast the city it sleeps beneath; indeed, if it is ever seen again, it will be a much more geological resurrection. As Alex Trevi of Pruned suggested over email, the machine will be "left there, perhaps forever, and will only surface when NYC rises up in a new mountain range and starts eroding."
Our classic Trish and Ray photo
The trail going up to her had several freshly downed trees blocking the pathway! No doubt from last winters wind storms. We had a few good ones,but than we always do!
Here’s the one to Ephesus, so you don’t have to scroll up a bunch (because I know you’ve forgotten that part already…):
Another particular I’ve to deal with is: there are very few Thai writers working in the Anglosphere, and as far as I’m aware, none at all working in western SFF particularly (apart from maybe Somtow, of whom the less is said the better). Due to this lack, it’s a challenge to be asked “which Thai writer would you recommend?” (often with an implied “so I can fact-check authenticity against this project about Thailand I’ve got”): I very simply am unable to point to many writers. My culture is presented to the western hegemony almost entirely through the eyes of tourists, the eyes of outsiders. This is why I don’t believe that a love of my culture can be expressed by writing about it in your fantasy or SF or whatever–that way lies appropriation; a genuine love can only be expressed by learning my language and translating existing Thai works. As Joyce says, our voices have been silenced, drowned out. More outsiders writing about Thailand? Not the thing we need, and far likelier to contribute to the problem than helping to alleviate it.
Desire to live as a person of the opposite sex
The densely layered followup to their jokey and spare debut was 1989′s Paul’sBoutique, a postmodern hip-hop masterpiece that was largely ignored at its release. Today the Dust Brothers-produced record is considered a seminal album that would hint at the genre-bending direction 1990s pop was heading.
Lengthy feeds
You take all of me now...
I then layered the two sacks on top of each other and used Washi tape to seal up the top openings of the sacks.
Actually, I don't find either theme terribly inspiring, so I'm not sure this is going to be my month for NaBloPoMo. But if I proceed, with 31 days to account for, I'll probably hit on both over the course of the month.
Single.
A: A digital replica edition may be in black and white if the device used to view the edition does not support color. Digital replica editions displayed on devices that do support color should be presented in the same color spectrum as the print edition.
We have waited for you for so long. So many people have thought of you, and prayed for you. Now you are here, I feel beyond blessed. Today, you are 1 week old. Happy 1 week birthday my angel.
We have gotten through some feeding issues, and although still not great, he is eating LOTS of new foods and drinking from a wide mouthed cup!!! Praise God....we are so grateful for that! And he finally LOVES the bath. To say he hated it at first is a gross understatement. Again, very grateful! He splashes like a wild man now.
Step 5: Fill out this Enrollment Notecard, rename it and put it in your folder.
I refuse to buy anything that is bigger than 3-6 months. I honestly wouldn't have even purchased anything that big but a cute outfit was on sale so I got it in the last size they had which was 3-6 M. Everything else I have bought is either newborn or 0-3. My mind cant even go past that. Thinking he will grow bigger than that. I cant even get my mind to go there. It almost feels like an impossible accomplishment. Whenever I tell Ryan this he agrees with me and then says-- well that is all we know.
to the trees and skylights bringing me the sunshine, I cannot think of a better
UPDATED. Attorney Benjamin Wright has pointed out the Liquid Motors case in which a federal judge ordered the FBI to restore service to legitimate users of a website containing allegedly infringing content. Wright's take on the Megaupload raid and discussion of the case here.
and, to the left of this painting, is the entryway, which has the most fantastic chocolate brown and off-white trellis wallpaper that is amazing.
I’m taking off this morning for a week in Boston, or rather Cambridge. The nominal excuse is that I’m giving a lecture in the public lecture series at Harvard’s Museum of Comparative Zoology (now called “The Museum of Natural History,” but I insist on using the name it had when I got my Ph.D. there). If you’re in the area, you’re welcome to come. The topic: “Why evolution is true and why many people still don’t believe it.” The talk is free and at 6 p.m. Wednesday at the Museum. There will be a book signing afterwards.
Now, this conversation may already be getting you feeling a little attacked, because it may feel like I’m telling you that you’re a bad person because your very existence is hurting people and you are a seeping wound on the face of humanity and you should totally hate yourself and junk. Consider whether these hurt feelings, this sense that you are somehow bad and wrong and unwanted for factors you cannot control, and wonder what it would be like to actually feel like this all the time, and not merely when somebody is asking you to consider their feelings.
The next morning, Ron takes Leslie out by the lake and tells her never to half ass two things. You gotta whole ass one thing. Leslie agrees to cut back her work at the parks department to ten hours a week to focus more on her campaign.
Desperate to escape her grief, Quinn slips through the portal that leads to her other life: the life in which she stayed with her exciting but neurotic ex- boyfriend, and is childless. The life in which-as she is amazed to discover-her mother is still very much alive.
You can check this in the public record.
Women’s rights have been a hot topic in the U.S. because of upcoming elections; however, citizens may not know about of the issues involved.
me: Nice way to say it 3 times. It’s time for dinner.
Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until bottoms of cookies just begin to brown lightly. Immediately press 1 milk chocolate candy into top of each cookie.
Panel: *BRAND NEW* Fire-Lite MS-5024UD!
Where: RHS PAC on the Campus of Utley Middle School
Ernest Hemingway was once challenged to write a story in six words. The result: “For sale: baby shoes, never used.” Rumor has it that Hemingway regarded it as his greatest work. Stirred by this masterwork, the editors of BlackBook asked 25 of today’s most renowned writers to offer their own original six-word stories. Some offered more than 10 narratives in less than an hour’s time, while others took weeks to labor over each of their six words. In spite of its economy, the collection delivers the same humor, drama, irony, and suspense found in literature’s lengthier tomes.
This fact is the reason that golfers are told to drop everything and leave the course if they hear thunder or see lightning. They are, after all, holding a lightning rod. If you think about it, the same is true of many gardeners. Hoes, shovels, rakes,…they all have metal handles. Unless, like me you also own wooden handled tools. Still, if you see lightning or hear thunder, drop everything and get inside. Better safe than sorry.
The children love the tree so much. Already they remember the familiar ornaments from years past, unravelling the paper towels I wrapped them in the previous January with delight. Geekygirl is now a very opinionated decorator, and Geekyboy, just shy of four, looks at the tree reverently, and says "it is so beautiful, mummy".
Welcome to day 1 of previews for Tickled Pink Stamps "Lil Christmas" collection. The first one is gorgeous Christina!!! I just LUV her dress and think it would just feel so darn good to wear it. I can't really tell you the last time I looked that good wrapping a present. LOL! Oh ya wait!! ... ya, never.
Recent Activity: New Members 11
Like I said, I’m one of the most impatient people ever. Which is a major flaw. I’m always writing about ‘having faith’ which is a major deal, but you can have all the faith in the world but if you don’t have patience to see how God’s going to take care of something then you’re kind of screwed, just saying.
In this 2001 article David Keen says -
The May Queen gathers blossoms,
The now notorious video of the incident, which has been viewed 1.5 million times online, shows police rounding up Miss Dedrick and fellow protesters in orange netting, before the officer approaches and sprays them in the face. SNIP
The "logic" being that people who smoke, or are tempted to smoke, will be less tempted if the packs are "boring".
The reason many coincidences are unbelievable in a story is because we don’t believe them when they happen to us.
The second issue is that wild animals, such as foxes or feral cats, can attack bin bags at night with great aplomb and to be clear, I use quality bin bags, not them poxy thin ones and spill the fetid contents all over my drive.
You care about us, Your plan is in place
Take the 1st generation Felda settlers, for example. To them, it seems like time is frozen. They have and will always vote BN out of gratitude. They are the hardcore BN supporters.
- ute is short for utility
Though I tend to overindulge.
looking down
It's not always a great approach to writing and revising, though. If I get stuck, I have a really hard time skipping over a scene and coming back to it later. So if I want to take a break from it and work on something else, I usually have to pick something outside of my manuscript. A totally different project. I can also usually work on the query or the synopsis, or outline something new, so it's not all bad, and I get other stuff done that might make my life easier later! But. We all know how frustrating a day or two (or, let's be honest, a week or two sometimes) away from the manuscript can feel. (That is, until you return to it refreshed and realize it was worth it.)
This card will go in a bill-sized envelope. Keeps down the expense of those, but takes more paper than usual, so I don't know if this is a bonus or not!
I can't quite believe the years have gone by so swiftly. She arrived by C section on a cold January day - overdue and breech, her hips stuck firmly in my pelvis so her hips were dislocated. She spent the first six months of her life encased in double nappies and a huge plastic casing to hold her joints in place.
So I present to you...his first time at the cotillion...let's give it up for...Xander's normal belly button! Yay! (Imagine Kermit the Frog here.) If you missed the previous post with the gargantuan outie, read this.
Final verdict
And in teaching my children, I want them growing up with their motivation being their love of God. One suggestion from the Bible Study is to teach them WHY they are being corrected. Instead of just, "Don't hit your brother," give them the reason why we don't hit. And when they learn the reason, they will begin to do things because it's the right thing to do....because they have been taught why it is the right thing.
28. Since July 1, 1999, Scotland has its own parliament, for the first time since 1707.
I definately have a love for shooting infants and kids...but I have shot several families over the years as well...
Bike riding and rowboating in the Bois de Boulogne
As for fonts, well, I’ve always had a little fantasy of inventing (is that the right word even?) my own font. Copperplate Gothic is one of my top faves, but at this point there are so many out there that to pick even a Top 10 would be impossible for me. Since I love to write and doodle, my journals have naturally included little scribbles of words and thoughts in crazy, loopy, sing-songy fonts. (And I’ll be honest – many of these I’ve come across are just my name, Sarah, followed by the last name of whichever dude was flavor of the year at the time. Thank God I’m done with that!)
11. Sophisticated Hula
Winter also offers icy sidewalks, which can be real time-murderers. You have to take those little elf steps! Long strides on ice lead to wipe-outs. Usually half way into the winter you’ll start worrying that, come spring, you might actually have forgotten how big your normal steps are. Don’t fret. You’ll always end up remembering.
$14.99 on amazon- total steal for this book
You drop into the restaurant as you walk by, and approach the chef who is expediting a fairly busy lunch service. He doesn't have time to talk to you right now, but tells you to come back that evening at 4 for a stage. You tell him that you have tickets to a show, but could you come in tomorrow? He asks for a resume. You dont have it with you. When you do show up for your stage, the chef asks you why you want to work in his restaurant; what is it about this place, this food, that turns you on? You stumble through some bullshit answers. He smirks at you. Unpacking your kit you pull out 6 knives, a spatula, tongs, and a handful of spoons. The sous steps in next to you.
The romance, as with any of Simone's work, is wonderful. Carlos and Kiara's chemistry is fresh and witty, but not as sizzling as Alex's and Brittany's. And, speaking of the two, I looked forward to and was satisfied with the glimpses that Simone has provided into Alex's and Brittany's relationship. It was familiar ground, just from a fresh viewpoint. There were also parts which seems to lay the foundation for the third book in the series. I like!
......"hmmm now then, where is my trolley case......'''.
And THAT is our son MATTHEW….that is this little boys FIGHTING spirit. He has been just such an INSPIRATION for our family. He reminds us everyday of how PRECIOUS life is and how MIRACLES happen. We always have said that Matthew must have seen GOD because this little boy is so HAPPY all the time. That is how we explain his beautiful and happy spirit. He has already SEEN such a HEAVEN and that has made him always to have such a BEAUTIFUL smile. RARELY has he been bad tempered or unhappy…when he is, we know that SOMETHING is wrong or he is feeling ill.
- Must be 16 and over
(you will have to resize and maybe rotate them)
Q.: In young adult fiction in particular, it’s important that readers bond with the characters – what do you think is the most important thing to get right when you’re creating a character?
Holley, from the Sweet Pea Stamps DT shares some Fall inspiration:
See you next week for the guided tour blog!
Of course, this 'Lil Twister is a 'lil elusive! I've never seen this template anywhere so where did I go to get it? EBAY of course! All I did was type in "quilt supplies" and VOILA!! There it was! With a pretty little "Buy Me Now" button right beside it! lol The price was right so I hit that button! Now this was Sunday evening... I was supposed to be "watching" the football game but who can watch a stinking football game when your team isn't playing?! I can't!! lol anyways.... like I said, that was Sunday evening and here it is.... Wednesday.... and my 'Lil Twister is in my mailbox!!! Just waiting for me to use it! And use it, I did!!!
Die Hard asks naive but powerful questions: If you have to get from A to B—that is, from the 31st floor to the lobby, or from the 26th floor to the roof—why not blast, carve, shoot, lockpick, and climb your way there, hitchhiking rides atop elevator cars and meandering through the labyrinthine, previously unexposed back-corridors of the built environment?
The best part is, it is led by black Americans who have for generations been the ones screaming loudest of over bearing police, so that the moment they get into power, they prove even worse.
I haven't homebrewed since 1994, when my daughter was born, but I did start making my own mustard about three years ago, and I started making sausage last year. Part of it was an ornery response to Weight Watchers: "I'll make my OWN sausage, dammit!" But it turned out to be pretty damned good. I just went into my first sausage-making frenzy of the winter season (you generally want to make sausage in the cold weather; the colder the working surface, the better, sanitation-wise).
Enjoy.
Et son grand orchestre
It came with cinamon and cider icecream - it was absolutely delicious!
Now, as for early term abortion. While I support individual liberty of the mother, I also have a personal opinion on the topic. The only reasonable excuse for an abortion, the only one that doesn’t show an inordinate amount of callousness and selfishness on the part of the woman, is when the child is the product of rape or incest, the health of the mother is endangered, or the child will suffer from a disorder that will make their life, ultimately, short and painful or long and torturous. The concept of an abortion because birth control failed, or no birth control was used, is simply heinous to my own morals and the ethical and moral codes of many.
its amazing action and production values last year and even bagged a
Anywho…Jaimy Hancroft from DRD is releasing items nonstop. Very ambitiously releasing 30 items in 30 days and i cant seem to keep up lol. However here are 2 recent releases! Hope you like.
So here we were. Me admiring how cute she looked with the big boy gun and her doing the best Sterling Hayden impression she could muster with the tricks I taught her. Shaking my head, I reached for the scotch once more, bad as it was.
Originally Tobe Hooper was slated to direct this film in 3-D but that fell through and O'Bannon took the helm.
I debated the merits of this concept with a friend who, although initially keen, expressed some reservations. “Granted, had he longer hair and a harem of drug-addled hippies in tow, I might have more readily grasped his fascination with Charles Manson,” offered my cohort of her recent ex, “ but I really don’t think California drifter circa 1962 is a look applauded by mainstream employers.”
Jennifer Connelly stars as a young girl who arrives at an eerie Swiss boarding school where the students are being butchered by a vicious serial killer. With the help of a wheelchair-bound scientist (played by Donald Pleasence) she discovers she has special powers (she can psychicly communicate to insects), and uses them to pursue the killer before she becomes the next victim.
and I heard her say
The flaky crust, just like the chocolate brownies, and soft crumbs with chunks of apples and walnuts...
of a man that reaches out
Procrastination is a universal theme in human existence. A recent American study found that over 90% of students procrastinate and just over half have more serious issues with procrastination. The phenomenon is closely linked to akrasia, the ancient observation that people often act against their own better judgement. We’re all familiar with the situation when we know we should be investing our time constructively, but much to our dismay, we find ourselves staring at a blank wall and twiddling our thumbs.
- you will get haircuts and your nails done more often than I do;
I frequently visit Jackson heights partly in the hope of meeting other rare Kashmiris. The place is after all mini South Asia. But in
In the coming weeks, a clearer picture will emerge about the new leaders of government, from the local to the national levels. I hope to find that more young people have taken (and in some parts of the Philippines, wrestled) the reins of leadership away from the dinosaurs of Philippine politics. I hope to see more idealistic, reform-minded, policy-oriented people in the ranks of elected officials. I hope there will be more leaders who want to champion reproductive health and the rights of women. I hope there will be a genuine focus on the grinding, generational poverty that plagues the Philippines, and a sincere desire to lift the standard of education that can break the cycle.
When you no longer recognise the person you’re with,
His explanation is that the super-ego condemns the ego—“displaying particular severity and raging against the ego with the utmost cruelty” and giving it a deep-seated, mysterious feeling of guilt.
#17
I’d be singing in my alley if I could
5.) Send measurements and, if possible a drawing of the room with labeled dimensions. (optional. This will just aid me in your room design)
Suikoden 4 (PS2)
They had a decent amount of savings, but now they are in serious trouble. Dave is trying to get back into work, but his field – property – is even more badly hit in Spain than in Ireland. They have not paid their €2,000 a month mortgage since Amy vanished – and now the bank have warned them they are in real danger of losing their house.
It’s not just little kids I think of teaching anymore but literally every age group. Including adults. I wanted to teach them the Bible and how God wants to live and what He says are good to do or bad to do. To give testimonies when it helps, to write, to draw. To use things I’ve put off to side for so long. My thing then becomes I don’t wanna be a bad teacher I want to be a good one. I wanna show the truth and I don’t want it to be for me. I pray that alot when the subject comes up. Please please please do not let me become prideful and forget who I’d really be doing things for. Still I struggle with picking an area to go into. Okay ministry but what specific direction? What, where, when?
They have accused the provincial Tactical Response Team of randomly beating them up "for nothing".
Dr. Malathi Lakshmikumaran (Director, Lakshmikumaran & Sridharan Attorneys, New Delhi) made a presentation on patent law issues in pharma-biotech in the post-2005 scenario, including various provisions of the Patent Act, 1970 affecting patent protection for biotechnology and voiced the need for clear policy and uniform decision making by the patent offices.
We will get through this. Just a little while longer.
The image is a fuzzy moon,my corner die cut is new, got just before christmas and never had a chance to use, and the ribbon is from Crafty ribbons, sorry not sure about the papers can never remember where they are from especially when i just used up the small bits which were left over.
It is a tale, told by an idiot, full of sound and fury. Signifying nothing.
