As I wrote end of last year the latest release of Simply Sassy stamps have also been the last one that will be available at Sugar Nellie. Now the remaining members of the Simply Sassy DT "moved" to the Sugar Nellie DT. So this is my very first post as a official member of the Sugar Nellie DT... :)
Using my largest Hello Kitty cookie cutter, I cut out pie crust for the tops and bottoms of the pies, then filled them with my apple pie filling (diced apples, flour, sugar, salt, cinnamon, and ground cloves).
By the 19th century sending valentines was such a popular thing to do, Valentines were being mass produced in factories. The postal rate had gone down which also spiked an interest in Valentine exchanging. The U.S. Greeting Card Association estimates that 190 million Valentines are sent each year.
A brother and I were having lunch together and we started asking some hard questions related to the Word of God. I’ve got one of those hard questions that I thought I would share with y’all. But before I ask it, I feel I need to calrify a couple of things.
'Patient, 23, male, looking for the emergency service with extreme difficulty in urination and bleeding by the urethra, with a history of 3 days that had suffered an attack by a fish of the Amazon region known as the candiru that had penetrated into his urethra when he was urinating into the river. Said that tried to hold it, but it was very smooth and seemed to be of small size. On physical examination, the patient was pale with fever, extreme pain to the manipulation of the penis, urinary retention, bleeding the penis and great swelling of scrotum. Referred to the surgical centre, and under anaesthesia, we performed cystoscopy (endoscopy of the urethra and bladder) for diagnosis and documentation of the case. Identified that the fish was of great size occupying the entire anterior urethra and impacted near the urinary sphincter or muscle that controls urine (Probably as live fish tried to penetrate the scrotal bag, explaining the swelling). We open in the perineum and remove it in this way, but we remove it by endoscopy (sic).'
Five 6 month deployments = 900 days deployed.
As much as I love watching rugby, sometimes the physical aspect of the game depresses me. The fact that someone like Louis Deacon can win (at time of writing) 29 caps, despite having so few outstanding attributes other than the fact that he is massive, frustrates me. But when you see someone like Jason Robinson skip around these lumbering giants, you remember why the game is the attraction that it is. The sense of anticipation whenever he got the ball was greater than any other player I’ve watched, and tries such as the first test of the 2001 Lions Tour are moments that will live long in rugby folklore.
Drop garlic through food chute with food processor on, and process until minced. Add cottage cheese; process 2 minutes or until smooth. Add cream cheese, 2 tablespoons Romano, basil, pepper, and egg; process until well-blended.
Eric and I went to the season opener TCU Baseball game against Ole Miss! Although the Frogs lost, it was super fun to see our friends! After the game, we went to dinner with everyone-- Jim, Sean, Bobby, Chelsea, and Wade! But have no fear, the Frogs beat Ole Miss during the next game that next Sunday ;)
Recently I was listening to a podcast called Mythology and the Spiritual Journey with Jungian psychologist Dr Richard Naegel. He quotes Joseph Cambell, who said, "Myth is what we call someone else's religion."
I woke up feeling like I had not gotten one wink of sleep, rushed around the house in a panic trying to decide is there anything in my closet that I don’t hate (answer: maybe, but I didn’t notice anything), and then decided a good course of action would be to clean my makeup brushes.
"Majority of the Muslims believes that Muslims could not commit these heinous crimes because of the sophistication and precision in the planning and execution of these terrorist attacks. ... Don't the world understand as to who exactly are the real beneficiaries of this episode. On the other side, who will be suffering the most from these terrorist attacks?"
Entered in a giveaway!! I really hope I win! There are some AWESOME vendors in this giveaway!
Another use of a Public class with one private constructor could be, for example, to be instanced using other overloaded constructors, and these constructors would call the private constructor.
I’ve been explicitly tagged by my dear pallies, Ben and Louise, and have found myself a part of the open invitations of Emerald and Ms. Marshmallow, as well (and possibly more that I’ve forgotten. Like I said, it’s been going around). And as I’m not quite sure how many people I know are writing a novel and/or already got Lucky 7 Tagged, I shall also go the open invitation route. All even remotely eligible players welcome! Now, for my novel-in-progress’s 7 lines! (…Which, to avoid awkward chapter breakage, I just started at the top of page 77.)
Elkie Brooks – Pearl's A Singer
Mum used to put the rugs over the washing line in the back garden and beat them with a carpet beater. I can still smell the dust that used to billow out of them. I always wanted to help so when she finished she put the small rug from the kitchen onto the line and left me with the carpet beater.
1 stacked
Onto things I have to be thankful for, My 1 year wedding Anniversary is in 2 weeks!! I simply cannot believe how fast the time has flown by. I am more in love with Hubs than ever before and our relationship gets better and better with each passing day. Among other things, I never got around to getting our Wedding Album together (pathetic I know) but I finally got the disk from my mom and I reached out to our photographer to set up a time to get things in order-so hopefully I will have something in the works soon..
The whole piece uses verbatim transcripts to describe the last 30 or so years of Islam situations in the West and mainly the UK.
The little stage has turned into a free for all as Elvis and the band launch into a version of suspicious minds. I make my way back to the bar and pull up a stool. There's a few who have joined me, tapping various parts of their body's and singing along.
22. My mother taught me: GENETICS.
One of the other things that I love besides breastfeeding is cloth diapering! They are not only better for babies skin (don't contain chemicals found in disposable), the environment, but also will save bunches of money! So, it was my pleasure to be able to do a review of a Custom Made Embroidered Pocket Diaper from Granny's Fancy Pants, but that's not all...I'll also be doing a giveaway!
Your face saving promises
It's also been incredible to be organizing collectively with folks who are dealing with the reality that we need to move quickly since we don't know how long this occupation will last while also thinking through how this work can make a long-term impact on movements for justice. Instead of organizing in crisis, we are organizing for the long haul.
‘So we have two crises now. A still-unresolved eurozone crisis and a crisis of the European Union. Of the two, the latter is potentially the more serious one. The eurozone may, or may not, break up. The EU almost certainly will. The decision by the eurozone countries to go outside the legal framework of the EU and to set up the core of a fiscal union in a multilateral treaty will eventually produce this split.’
Trucking and transportation
It is written with glaring knowing irony from the perspective of someone toweringly arrogant and selfish.
I actually had cash leftover, which will allow me to send out trade packages three times this week.
My photography leaves a lot to be desired so these photos
But others can. And it was to those others that I had to answer to (indirectly) recently. I was punished to the hilt.. I don’t even know how long it will take me to work off said punishment it was so severe. Whether or not my treatment or punishment was fair was down to others to judge, and judge they did. Both originally and again recently. I could have spoken up in my defence, tried to lesson my punishment, offered mitigation for my actions etc but this would have required me to assassinate the other party’s character – and this I was not prepared to do. Even at a further cost to myself. I chose to put myself in that situation originally, even if I did not realise what it was I was doing at the time thanks to the various substances in my body then. I had to take responsibility for my actions. Sure – these were the actions of a drunken, messed up fool, but at the time, I was that fool. And somewhere inside me, that fool still exists. But these days, I try my best not to ever let that side of my personality – the side that is dependent, uncontrollable, needy and a substance abuser – ever rear its ugly head again.
To a lady in his shield,
This giant chockstone and debry pile is easily 25 feet high and a first glance looks impassible without climbing gear. If you crawl up under it though there is a very narrow hole you can squeeze through to pop up behind it.
Anticipating: my wisdom teeth removal...tomorrow! AH! I've been putting this off forever and actually rescheduled this appointment about three times, but finally, the day has come. All four of mine are impacted and all four are coming out. So at 8:50am on Friday think of me as I'm getting teeth ripped out of my head. Yuck.
and he unsnapped the rope to let you through
Apple pie intimidates a lot of people. Despite looking relatively simple and ordinary, it can be tricky to get the filling to have the right consistency. You want the filling to be thick but not dry, if its too liquidy the crust will be soggy. You want to be able to see the apple slices; tender but not mushy. You want the crust to be flaky and tender, not dense and dry. I'm by no means an expert on apple pie, but here are a few tips that have worked for me.
The top layer was the nest, a little cup mostly made of animal hair. The neighbors who own the cedar tree have an enormous, friendly, shaggy, golden retriever named Baker. I have a feeling a lot of that hair is his.
As it turns out, there was more than just Annabelle here; another family along with Madeline. There was much sorrow as Annabelle has passed and was searching for her mother - Madeline was here and very sad as her husband was someplace else. A friend and kindred spirit, Pamela, helped me to help them move into the light. This house is brighter and feels much lighter, as in not heavy. Have you ever walked into someplace and it felt heavy? Well, no more. Along with this transcending, I realized that the past was holding on due to restraints I'd placed myself; naming my blog and email the Ward House, keeping the same door knocker, etc.
Tangerines, Gold Nugget — California
Some brahman customs to note : Even today on traditional brahmin occasions like upanayanams, people wear white woven cloth soaked in turmeric and un-stitched. Stitched clothes are strictly considered untraditional at meal times, by traditional brahmins. And then there is the sacred thread and the sacred fire and the technology of making fire using arani sticks. There is the custom of nitya agni hotram and everyone getting fire for daily use from the agnihotri. So, besides the advanced Sanskrit language and the Vedas and Upanishads, there is weaving, agriculture and fire and animals like horses and cows, as well as food like ghee, soma and grain, in the culture preserved and developed by the brahmins.
Time to End the Relationship?
On the other hand, if I don’t do it hard enough, she comes up mad and nothing has changed. However she has a real limit as to how hard she can take it, and it changes occasionally, so it’s a real challenge at times.
Sod's law, of course, but today I had to go to Ripon to the hairdresser and I forgot to take the camera. Of course, there were so many things I wanted to photograph - so shall have to describe them to you instead.
(General Najiya enters with guards.)
The other sessions were as engaging and interesting. Ian Adams led sessions on spiritual practices and discussions on the mystical and monastic traditions. An aspect I knew nothing about and yet I could see parallels with my reading on the Amish. Both traditions honour simplicity, obedience and a life of service amongst other things. Bringing those aspects in to our lives and using the tools monks would use to contemplate was very inspiring and something to try at home As the rain lashed down and the temperature dropped we ventured outside in one session to sense and really take in nature and our surroundings. Picking up on an aspect of it we were asked to think if this was a gift from God and relevant to our lives now. And then to pray and contemplate on what that gift was telling us right now. It was in the tradition of Lectio Divina but using nature rather than scripture to guide us. It was designed to root us to the earth and encourage to seek out guidance and direction from things around us. We don't always stop and notice do we? I picked up on bird song and others the flowing river or blossom. To each person these things seemed relevant and significant to something in their lives.
So whilst I would like to have it done yesterday it might actually be a few more weeks.
Thee sitting careless on a granary floor,
Some cells may adapt and instead of dying as normal cells do in a acid environment, they will survive by becoming abnormal. These abnormal cells are known as malignant cells. Malignant cells do not correspond with brain function nor with our DNA memory code. Malignant cells grow indefinitely and without order.
pull in the warmth because
"Left and to the Back" readers are likely to be more interested in "Anyway, Anyhow, Anywhere" by The Who and "Mr Tambourine Man", and their interest will probably be inflated further still when they realise that neither version is particularly faithful. "Anyway, Anyhow, Anywhere" is, in particular, a really interesting approximation due to the fact that Embassy studio band The Jaybirds clearly don't know what to do with The Who's sound. The drumming sounds primitive and punkish rather than copying Keith Moon's ambitious style, the lead vocals yelping, desperate and close to the style of Jim Sohns of The Shadows Of Knight (though don't get excited - I'm not suggesting it is him) and the feedback-heavy break of the original is replaced with something a bit more synthetic and measured. It sounds more like a bunch of teenagers in a garage trying to copy The Who, and whilst I doubt that's actually the case, it's a peculiar old listen to say the least. It doesn't top The Who's original, but something about the hollow, primal simplicity of it almost reminds me of The White Stripes, which is no bad thing at all.
I think it would have been better if Uranus was the windy one, but what can you do?
“Well it can,” I agreed, “thrown with the right momentum.”
When I heard about Making a Killing, I was immediately drawn to it. Alicia Gaspar de Alba and Georgina Guzmán have put together a powerful book. Though it is mostly academic in nature, Making a Killing also has a very human aspect to it that might appeal to non-academic readers.
MAN: And will that be on your card?
Still to come is the headboard. You'll remember from this idea board that I wanted to do a West Elm woven headboard here, but there was no way it would fit up the stairs...and even if it could it would have meant a different (read: not the best) layout in the room.
In the image above, the background used is a photo album cover that's become shredded with age - it's intense texture makes a great pattern. But it's so highly textured that the earrings are lost in the pattern- great for an artist shot, but hardly making them stand out as a product.
It was obvious that she desperately wanted him to propose to her and marry her. (Although she was not attending church, she still considered herself a “good Christian girl,” and living with a man in “sin” distressed her.)
You can have your own world right in your own hands.
John Duval, Henschke, Standish, Rockford, Torbreck… at least...
Soldiers who had expected to be participating in great battles found themselves drilling in mud from morning to night. An epidemic of homesickness spread through the troops.
The Liz Padilla Memorial 5k is one of my favorite races. It's for a good cause so it get points right there and it's in Prospect Park. Sure, not exactly a flat course but it's where I run weekly so I have the home team advantage. I know where the turns are, when to speed up, when to slow down, and Zoo hill doesn't scare me. It's debatable how much of an advantage it is to know a course that consists of a loop where you'd have to work very hard to get lost, but still.
This shot was taken for an assignment for a photography hangout I take part in on Google+. The idea was to shoot a creative advertisement style cocktail shot that somehow captured emotion.
A study by Gopa et al evaluated the efficacy of Amla (Emblica officinalis) in patients with high fat levels and compared its fat-lowering effects with those of a well known pharmaceutical treatment.
Stephen Fitzwater was in the Chelsea stand watching the team play Tottenham Hotspur at Wembley in the FA Cup semi-final on 15 April when he was heard making a racially offensive comment towards the player.
7. I desperately want a lip piercing and the only reason I got the tattoo was to get rid of that desire. The desire did not go away, but my part-time jobs have always involved handling food so it just wouldn’t ever have been practical. Also, I want to get a professional graduate level job some day (ha ha ha, yeah right) and people are shallow judgemental b*****ds and wouldn’t employ me if they knew I was the (scummy) type that liked to have holes made in my face for no justifiable reason. Personally, if facial piercings aren’t excessive I don’t see why they’re any worse than wearing hair accessories or any other jewellery. Or fake eyelashes or fake nails, because those are vile. But whatever. I didn’t make the rules of sociality, did I?
6:15: Dh is home and we pack the kids up to go to costc.o.
My goal was to remove the glass without breaking it. I didn't want to be messing with a knife while standing on an unstable ladder so I worked from the ground reaching up. I started by removing the edging that framed the window.
Well, since then, it has not gotten above freezing - so none of the old stuff has melted. It also snowed all day two days ago, making driving horrible. (I do thank all the gods and fates that my mother still has her snow tires put on every October, though. As much driving as I've been doing, I would have SO been in the ditch or crashed into another car, like, 20 times by now.)
Anyway, this family six pack had a Kosmos Reserve in it, so it was a no-brainer just for that. It pours a light amber with a crisp white head that thins to a sheet but stays due to strong carbonation.
Wow. I can't believe I've done this for 43 days now!! It's somewhat difficult. Either everyone has to eat GF (gluten-free) meals or we have to make a separate, GF version for me. It's not too bad but there are a lot of things I really, really miss.
A fantastic way to put Henry over as a monster.
Cindy---
“I have a feeling that there’s more to your story than what the court and world knows. Would you care to tell me?”
Other- SU Kraft seam binding, SU Scallop Punch
Worship: The Living Sacrifice I happen to have an advance copy of next week’s Christian Standard. As I looked through it I happened upon an article that I was certain I was going to reject out of hand before even reading it. Then I did something silly: I read it. And I liked it. The article in question is by a woman named Mandy Smith. I’d like to share some of her thoughts with you.
Here’s my March calendar:
Don’t expect to go cruising through the YouTube or BBC iPlayer desktop sites looking for video though – this iteration of the Android browser doesn’t have native Flash support.
Perhaps due to it being outside the set piece debates, the event went rather differently. There was a sensible, intelligent debate. Admittedly, the number attending was small. But it is to the eternal credit of Jeremy Corbyn MP that he initiated the debate. It saw civilised individuals on both sides of the house raise concerns about the working, and non working, poor of London. It looked into the history of social housing in London (you might want to read a couple of my posts over the last month if you haven't already).
Great vinous smell, with a sweetness that seems to be more like a milk stout than cocoa. Solid grainy malt backbone to it as well.
But are they? Can a man trained to fight adjust again to family and domestic life? And how will the family cope, if he can’t? To what extent can Alexa, Dan’s wife, sacrifice her own needs and fulfilment to support his commitment to a way of life that demands everything not just of him, but of her and the children as well?
Anyhow the music on this split 7 inch are two bands that I have posted about prior. The Insurgent play anthemic pop punk with a emo flair that is one part Crimpshrine and one part Rites of Spring. The one song that The Insurgent contributes may be my favorite song of theirs. And on the flip side Sometimes Walking Sometimes Running played chaotic, noisy hardcore screamo that was like City of Caterpillar, Pg.99, etc.
I hope we don't die in a fiery oblivion before we make it to the grocery store to buy more batteries.
Because We’ve Got a Job is nonfiction—intensively researched, as The Times said—I feared that its substance, that its weighty facts—what Woody Allen might call its factiness—might prevent it from meeting EMLA’s wish. After all, I couldn’t revise the “characters” to make them nastier (though, with “Bull” Connor, I didn’t have to) or re-order the events to make them more harrowing (see previous paren). The usual factors that cause young readers to adore particular books were not at my disposal. Mine felt like such an academic enterprise; I worried that the emotional connections wouldn’t get made.
But I think to be safe it would be a good exercise for you to think of a second-choice title and submit under that. Just in case someone is anal (and editors, as a career discipline, often are). Besides, as you point out yourself, retitling is something that often happens for marketing reasons, so if you've already spent some time thinking of second- and third-choice titles before you submit, you'll be prepared to have a great conversation about your options later.
Of course being a birthday celebration our theme this week is Birthday and everyone has joined in. So lots of eye candy for you to have a look at starting here with mine
That, however, is about where I had to stop agreeing with the guy talking. This was a mental disagreement, since he wouldn’t stop talking long enough to let me say what I thought. Not that I’m still bitter about it…
I must say that before blogging I didn’t really think that much about Canada.(Sorry Canada) Yes, I had made a trip there when I was little and currently have some family there, but that was where my bond with Canada ended.
I have a pathetic confession, I have absolutely no idea what the latest, serious news stories are. This is usually not like me. I used to teach school and I know the importance of keeping up with current events. My normal “first thing in the morning” routine is to drink coffee (lots of coffee), read the news on my computer while I watch it on television; perfect multimedia multitasking. The truth is, from around the time the last Harry Potter was released, I haven’t paid one iota of attention to serious news. I’m not blaming this on Harry. Lord knows, the poor guy has had enough on his plate, with defeating “You-know-who” and restoring the wizarding world to normalcy, to shoulder any of my burdens. It is solely my doing, or the doing of my mid-life crisis, that has caused me to delve into the world of escapism. So, for the fun of it, I’ll share with you the few things that I’ve discovered during my six week hiatus from reality.
Sorry they saw her as a pest,
48. He was an old man who fished alone in a skiff in the Gulf Stream and he had gone eighty-four days now without taking a fish. —Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man and the Sea (1952)
There's surely no better way to describe telephones! They're not only in millions of homes and offices but just about everywhere you go. In stores and at gas stations! At airports, bus depots and railroad stations! Out-of-doors!
We really didn't have a clue what to expect. We all had agreed that they'd have little samples out for us to try... you know, little bite size cups or plates or something. We really couldn't have anticipated what is about to follow. This was the first dish that EACH (three people) of us received to eat... yes, one plate per person! It was mushroom ravioli and was absolutely delicious.
A psychiatrist friend, listening to me rant about how these apps are trying to wilt my son’s brain, sympathized, but not completely. Yes, he said, computer games can be addictive. In fact, in his opinion, teaching kids to expect the world to work like a computer game deprives them of learning real-world life skills.
to get a measure of brand
Open to a maximum of 20 entrants (one cake per entry), the contest requires advance registration by May 3, 2012 and will happen at the Settlement’s headquarters, 265 Henry Street on Manhattan’s Lower East Side.
Anyway, after having a word with myself I just decided to get on with the following:
Maternal doubts couldn’t compete with the newsreels. The young Grass was “a pushover for the prettified black-and-white ‘truth’ they served up" – just as British boys of his age were for our version of "truth" served up by the BBC and British Movietone News.
Next day, Sunday, to the mountain top, though it is just a gentle hill that feels a little like a mountain because the area around Yangzhou is flat. The cabin at the top was visited by the Chinese equivalent of the Emperor Nero, who buried hundreds of girls in the valley, got beautiful girls to carry his boat when the canal ran dry, and changed the examination system. Yangzhou is famed for its beautiful girls. Some are in the valley.
God loves you, friend, He loves you so much that He cannot and will not violate your right to choose.
This next box I used the print and cut feature. Using an image that I already had on my computer, I imported it into Funtime. I put a heart around the bear and using the decorative scissors created a scalloped border. I then sent the image to my printer and printed out the bear. I put the print out of the bear on my cutting board and sent the scalloped heart to be cut. I embellished the box with a little bit of white ribbon and here ya go!
If you have been reading my blog you know that I have spent the past week at a series of writing workshops and presentations. My mind has been totally consumed with all things writing. Early this morning I was lost in the meditative state that often occurs before I am ready to admit that I am awake. Since I started writing I have discovered that my body reacts to this time of day differently than it did in the past. I may be aware of what is going on in the house, but my mind will be exploring a vast array of other possibilities. My body simply does not get up. I stay there, mentally transported where ever my mental agenda has taken me.
2:15 pm – 2:30 pm Break
"What have you been eating while pregnant?" I answer that it's easy to eat around the band, ice cream goes down real smooth and he proceeds to say, "I don't understand why people do that to themselves."
Not surprisingly for a superstitious age, there are many tales of terror associated with this disaster. Stories abounded that a poisonous black fog was drifting across the land, annihilating everything in its path. Witches and sorcerers were blamed. A gateway was said to have been opened to Hell. The plague was even portrayed in the form of a ...
Russell T Davies (the T stands for nothing) is to return to TV with a new television series entitled Aliens vs. Wizards, to be shown on CBBC. Expected to air in Autumn this year, the show sees a 16-year old wizard and his friend battling to save Earth from an alien race: the Nekross.
The new iPod shuffles controls are in the earphones. DOH!!! That’s no good for my boy, he wont be able to manipulate controls from his ears. What have I done, the old iPod’s are now off the market and you can’t buy them. I race back to the first shop to try and recover the original iPod, reluctantly after much begging by me the sales girl allows me to repurchase it.
I try to be like everyone else
This must be taken very seriously, for the country that we have always considered and taken for granted as being free, is no longer free. It is owned almost outright by government investment.
Add to that the prerequisite little old lady passenger (Ruth Gordon), an annoying lounge singer (Murphy Dunne), a bossy boss at bus mission control (Ned Beatty), a stubborn doctor (Larry Hagman), a very ethnic barber (Vito Scotti), people nearly getting drowned in kitchens full of pop, and a family who crashes their truck into the side of the bus... all just before Cyclops teeters on the edge of a cliff. Oh, and did I mention the man-made earthquake?
two year "teaser rate" suckered low income earners into mortgages they could no longer afford once the teaser rate expired. However as long as the price of the house increased they were able to refinance. But it was unreasonable to expect this to continue indefinitely and thus the defaults started to role in and the market crashed. How long can the Bank of Canada keep the key interest rate low? How many new home-owners, many of them immigrants, will be able to afford the houses they bought once the key interest rate rises? Remember, Finance Minister Jim Flaherty bought $50 billion in residential loans in 2008 on top of a $25 billion credit backstop which, for some, amounted to a $75 billion bailout of Canada's chartered banks. Why was this necessary?
The newly rebuilt Second Avenue Deli, near the corner of 33rd and 3rd Street in NYC. The original location, that was founded in 1954 on 2nd and 10th was closed in January 2006 due to rent negotiation problems.
A White Rose
Before you do anything TURN YOUR CELL PHONE OFF!
I did some stumbling around and found a 7-11 and through my drunken rantings, managed to understand that there was no manga cafe in the area and the only option in the cold lonely night was a business hotel.
Boasting one of the most impressive decks in the area, the Blue Bird recently did a complete make-over of its bar and inside dining area, complete with high beamed ceilings, exposed brick, hardwood floors, ample bar seating, and an awesome fireplace that is inviting during the winter months. The ceiling fans are also quite unique and work in conveyer-belt-like fashion as they keep the bar area cool during warmer months.
Wine Enthusiast's 2003 Man of the Year because of his work at the PLCB, who resigned when Governor Rendell appointed* Joe Conti as "CEO" of the PLCB... Newman came out strongly in favor of privatization this past Tuesday. At a hastily-arranged press conference at The Wine School in Philadelphia, Newman was introduced by PA House Speaker Mike Turzai and stated his support for privatization of the State Stores. (Happily, "hastily-arranged" also meant that the speakers weren't harassed by scripted questions and chants from UFCW members and union president Wendell W. Young IV.)
NEW! Who else wants to CHANGE their LIFE for the better? My best selling audio program is now available as an MP3!
There is something wrong with films at the moment. And that thing is safety. Remakes aren’t a new thing, and remakes weren’t always good (go and watch the 70s King Kong, I dare you). But at the moment films are made with safety and security in mind. So many films look like they have been directed by the same person. It’s the same in independent film – how many versions of Garden State have you seen under different names? People are choosing ideas that are likely to make them money. And who can blame them? If they make a box office bomb, their career is on the line. In the recession, there is less money for new intellectual properties. There is so much more of a risk involved, and these people need to eat.
Plus extra entry if you follow me on Twitter (loves_elvis) or tweet about this giveaway :o)
It’s been a difficult battle – how does an upmarket design house that has found its success in being exclusive and therefore elusive, accept something that means it will be opening itself up to any consumer anywhere in the world, and therefore potentially damaging its identity entirely?
Footnote: As I write this I am filled with disdain, anger, and a feeling of desolate failure. This is because although I fear being vulnerable, I constantly yearn to be safely vulnerable. The fact that this is becoming more and more of a distant possibility is pushing me to a point where I will change, and no longer expect it.
So we played this fun game called Penny Stackers. It is a fun money counting game. We enjoyed playing it. And it's a great way to incorporate "living math".
22
Yes, this is some popular music, but Pink Floyd attained this popularity by maintaining an independent ethos many bands and musicians of their stature have never been afforded. They made albums with entire sides of one record dedicated to a single song and still made a lucrative impact on the music charts. Most recently, they famously fought against allowing iTunes to sell single songs out of context of an album.
Race relations are inverted to challenge a dominant ideology of race that suggests Anglo Americans are superior to other races and African Americans are more prone to illegal activities.
The new findings are based on cold temperature in the upper mouth, which struck me as strange because when I drink iced drinks too fast the pain seems to be triggered when the cold is in my stomach and not in my mouth. The pain will go away quickly if, having drunk an iced drink too quickly, I stand up and revolve my body around my stomach doing pirouettes. What that accomplishes is to circulate the cold fluids in my stomach and permit warmer fluids to reach whatever the nerves are that are triggering the head-pain response.
Such counterproductive caricature of the BNP, and the snobby and arrogant comments about the council-estate working class (whom I don’t romanticise) will do nothing to combat racism or decrease support for BNP ‘fascists’ (if they are fascists).
see the difference
Thanks again to Jenn! This is a fun way to share the link love and support each other's blogs.
The window for the current team to compete closes next year; at that point, Sid, Staal, Duper, Kuni, TK, and Cooke all go UFA. It is time to go-for-broke, and if that means moving out high draft picks or promising prospects (Beau Bennett, Big Dawg, Joe Morrow, etc.) for more NHL-ready help, the time to do that is now. Philadelphia has proven to be the team through which the Eastern Conference now runs through, and they will only get better as their young elite talent develops.
Archer would show restraint during this initial meaning, rather than knocking the Vulcan on his ass.
On this day in 2002, the body of Layne Staley (of Alice and Chains fame) was identified by the coroner after dying at his home two weeks before, still hooked up to drug paraphernalia. It was no surprise he was a slave to his heroine addiction; it’s those demons that made him such a talented lyricist for the group. But to not even be missed for several days — so tragic. He would have been my age.
Not to give them a definite amount of knowledge, but to inspire a fervent love of truth;
“To those flashing lights around the block.”
After the photo session, I went to my brother's house and had dinner.
I recently found The Colossal Class List, which prompted me to go through my old copies of White Dwarf (before it went all Tabletop) and my old issues of Dragon Magazine (damn how I miss that coming to my mailbox!). Anyhow I got to thinking about how to use these alternate classes in my Campaign, so I worked up the below Encounter Table for those times when I need the party to encounter something, or should I say someone different.
... shop, shop, shop on Rodeo Drive ...
Some can relax, but i go to pray.
As I ponder this, "Again and Again" by the Bird and the Bee playing in the background, my amazing friend Kim comes through once again with sharing this gorgeous video entitled "How To Be Alone." It's a visualization of the beautiful caramel-apple like poem by Tanya Davis, the rockstar Canadian poet who performs the piece herself. I think "How To Be Alone" encapsulates everything sad and lovely and melancholy and tip-toe-terrific about being alone even when, "Society is afraid of alone though. Like lonely hearts are wasting away in basements. Like people must have problems if after awhile no one is dating them." Her words are wonderful and her accent, added to this whimsical animation, just can't help but make you smile.
has tried to show the loneliness and heartbroken soul that is behind the smile of Sunny. Pooja Bhatt, the director of the film states “Leone has the ‘emotional quotient’ required for the role in Jism 2. “It will not only be her physical attribute. It will dig deeper. It will showcase her struggle, her inner core and will have a lasting impact on the lives of people,”
by 10 a.m. i got two notes that i had been rude to two young gals in two totally unrelated incidences -
lie is the gap between what is meant as reality & what is expressed as reality
New Order - The Perfect Kiss
“And no one has ever seen it since”.
For as long as I can remember, I’ve liked playing with hair. I used to try all sorts of craziness on Barbies when I was little. I like reading those books about how to do the perfect hairstyle or whatever. I learned how to do a French braid when I was eight. Only problem? My hair is almost never long enough to do any of the things I know how to do.
I cover all expenses out of pocket. Contributions make a huge difference. Enough of them could cover a plane ticket, for instance. It is easy and safe: I am PayPal verified. If you do not feel comfortable sending money over the internet but want to contribute, email me and we can figure something out. Patrickostrickland (at) gmail (dot) com . Help support independent writing.
A pause as she cocked her head to her side and bit on her lower lip.
Walking through St James’ Park, we came across a bit of a commotion on the north side, leading up to Trafalgar Sq… When we took a closer look, it turned out that the road was closed off by Police and there was a pretty sizeable film crew were working there! There were groups of people clustered around big cameras, support staff relaying information down walkie-talkies and massive lighting rigs brightening up the street!
“Both of them?” he asked.
My mother told me it was OK, and not to worry about it. And of course I could go camping.
"Girlfriend says you are looking well, and wants to know if you have lost weight."
A couple of days later as I sat at my office desk at work, still feeling very overwhelmed by my conversation with Brandy, I pulled up google on my computer and typed in “Christian foster agencies in DFW”. To my surprise, a very long list pulled up. I didn’t realize there were so many. I thought and maybe said out loud to myself, “How in the world am I supposed to pick one?”
Dunn, who was born in Memphis, Tennessee, in 1941, performed on recordings with Eric Clapton, Neil Young and many others, and
It physically hurts. My heart is broken. But, I know I am lucky. And so was Charlie. He loved us unconditionally and he knew his love was requited. He left this world truly happy.
But each thing has so meaning.
Prince George’s County law enforcement knew that the package contained drugs, and suspected the mayor or a family member was involved in drug dealing. A police SWAT team was not available, so a deputy SWAT team took over. Some of the deputies thought they had a “no knock” warrant, but the police had actually not requested one. They stormed the house without announcing themselves, killing both dogs in the process.
Last friday I constructed a wardrobe. It's a massive, hugely heavy thing and looks like a coffin for a couple of obese giants. I even had to affix battens to the wall to keep the beast from falling on us, which given my DIY 'skills' is the equivalent of a caveman making fire. It took me about nine hours and was like wrestling with the Ark Royal. By the evening I could barely walk. I needed a beer. The one I reached for was a Tsingtao that Mrs Wheels had put in the fridge two days earlier. Yes, that adjunct-heavy Chinese lager which invariably gets a hammering from all corners of the beer blogoshire for (among other things) its uncompromising lemony blandness. You see, I have a soft spot for the stuff, which provided one of the milestones on my 'journey' to becoming a beer nerd.
Enid MacLean has lived without her husband for nine years and she does not mind being without. She is a nurse and likes it that way but a message will bring her back to her husbands side.
The composer of the tune was Sveinbjörn Sveinbjörnsson (1847-1926); his lot was very different from that of Jochumsson. He was the son of one of the highest officials in the country - the president of the Superior Court of Justice - and spent the greater part of his life abroad. He took a degree in divinity and later became the first Icelander to make music his career. He had finished a five years' musical education in Copenhagen, Edinburgh and Leipzig and had just settled down as a music master and pianist in Edinburgh when Jochumsson came there in the autumn of 1873 to stay with him, for they were old school-friends despite a twelve years' difference in age. When he had finished the opening verse of the hymn, Matthías showed it to Sveinbjörn, and in his autobiography we find the following description of this scene: "After studying the words carefully, Sveinbjörn professed his inability to set them to music; during the course of the winter I wrote repeatedly, pressing him to attempt the hymn. And at length, in the spring, the music arrived, reaching us at home just in time for the national celebrations." – Sveinbjörnsson lived in Edinburgh for most of the remainder of his life, except the last eight years which he spent in Winnipeg, Reykjavík and Copenhagen, where he died, sitting at his piano. From the time he wrote the tune for Ó, guð vors lands until the end of his life he continued to compose different kinds of music. Among his works are to be found a number of excellent tunes written for Icelandic poems, in spite of the fact that he was most of the time in little direct contact with his native people; indeed he became earlier known as a composer in Britain than in his mother-country, although his compositions are more in the style of Scandinavian than English music. Among the small band of Icelandic composers he is both among the pioneers and among those who have attained the greatest heights.
Fact; I like a dude named Paul; ♥
In a nutshell, it keeps readers fully immersed in the story. Immediacy does the following:-
It should be noted that it can be advantageous to take a test on a topic before you read or study the material. Previous Healthymemory Blog Posts on the work by Roediger demonstrate provide evidence for the benefits of this practice (“To Get It Right, Get It Wrong First”, and “The Benefits of Testing”).
We were able to go snorkelling which my family enjoyed. Me, not so much, the weather wasn’t perfect, a bit rainy and windy, I took ages to squeeze into a wetsuit, get fitted out with flippers, mask and snorkel, lumbered into the sea, got bashed against the side of the boat, swam to the back and reboarded, a total of about 3 minutes actually in the water. I warned you about my lack of adventurous spirit.
It's been really hard keeping her a secret, but now that her deal has gone public (click here for the details!) we are rolling out the red carpet, welcoming her with thunderous applause and grinning evilly as we push her straight into the truth and dare pool. This is the official call to arms for truth and dares for our newest member! Leave us a special truth or dare just for Shannon on the Truth or Dare page. Don't leave'em in the comments as we'd like to keep them a surprise!
Feet barely touching the ground
To deny that many whites feel persecuted in South Africa is a violent act. It affirms their fears that they do not belong in South Africa and are unwelcome here. Even if their perception is incorrect and criminals are merely opportunists (no doubt this is true in many regards) their fears and perception should be acknowledged and dealt with. Instead they are accused of racism, told to leave South Africa and have their worst fears confirmed.
Wendy for the time that she had me there.
What I do love:
The Gallery Collection is the leading business-to-business mail order publisher of premium quality personalized Christmas, Holiday, and All Occasion greeting cards in the United States. Prudent Publishing has earned its reputation by combining beautiful craftsmanship with outstanding customer service. From the creation of new greeting card designs all the way through to the delivery of orders, exceptional quality is of utmost importance to Prudent Publishing.
again, the one, other cool thing about TH is that i am bringing traffic to my Etsy shop. without a doubt, that is definately happening.
Lily, of Bowers Gifford, said: "They are not cutting my daughter in half. I will sleep in the cemetery if I have to but they are not touching her grave."
Within a few seconds he was right beside it. The greyhound was just standing still and looking out to sea, a pensive and deep look upon its face. As he came to a stop Moon could also see that the greyhound was smoking a cigarette!
Imagine if
Will Love Child be a collage? Will it track the transformations taking place on all levels of the sevenfold body? The next six months will tell J. I invite you to share this creative journey, and to let me know what you think when it’s published.
Thought I'd drop in to say that I'm alive, Twitter-happy (yay procrastination!), and utterly swamped with homework. The good news? I have only nine days till graduation and SWEET FREEDOM for about eighteen months after that.
Well, am I tired!?
And in Van Diemen's Land and Australia, begun with convict labor, men and women were exiled from home, denied their history, shamed to admit any ancestor had been a convict. Following World War II, this began to change. Robert Hughes, in The Fatal Shore (158), argues that the Australian working class, shaped by 19th Century battles with land or factory owners, remembered and retold stories about their convict forebears, these heroes who survived what seemed impossible conditions -- the whip, the fetters, the servitude, the 'convict stain.'
I am using yesterday’s blog entry to launch a new section of my blog. Up until this point, my blog has only included Aftereffects Categories for post-traumatic stress disorder and dissociative identity disorder (DID) because I have personal experience with both of these labels. However, there are thousands of child abuse survivors who experienced trauma that went beyond PTSD but did not result in DID. Those child abuse survivors need resources, too.
6. Okay, okay, I'll tell you what two of them are. Infinity Ring book 3, and Unwanteds book 3.
An important detail. There was a time, a very long time ago now, when Brian was prone to these things. A period of atypical behaviour which was used most specifically by Chris Claremont, in maybe some 15 issues total, of his run in early Excalibur. For many of course (Because Captain Britain's adventures between 1976 and 1987 were not published in America until last year) it was their first encounter with Brian, and they took it as gospel that this was how the character usually behaved - as a pompous, boorish idiot, who made poor decisions, and didn't want to be a team player. This was never Chris Claremont's intention, of course. It was designed very much to highlight how Brian reacted to grief.
Then, we dipped in.
Forget the environmental issues on Namskaket marsh. We now know that Mike Giggey and Wright-Pierce have been low-balling the estimates--skeptics might even suggest "milking" the town for engineering fees. Environmental litigation now looms ahead on a number of fronts because Wright-Pierce has been performing engineering work without regard for the despoilment of Namskaket and the actual "need" for sewering in town. Inexcusably, the hydrogeologic conditions on the marsh are still essentially unknown. Those studies should have been completed first--years ago----not dead last. The evaluation process under Wright-Pierce's guidance has been skewed to promote the firm's specialty--the most expensive "big pipe" system. Giggey is in essence a "luxury car dealer" trying to convince the town to buy the most costly model. Namskaket is a "crown jewel" estuary and Skaket Beach a prime recreational resource. Both are now being put at risk under the centralized plan. Salt marsh restoration is being recognized Cape-wide as the path to the future. Orleans is going in the opposite direction. The rationale for sewering has collapsed with the loss of population and these environmental concerns. No rational person can escape these factors.
Contrary to what I wrote earlier about his food being our food, when it comes down to the nitty-gritty, it really isn't. Bruce Wayne's transformation into a superhero may be grounded in Everyperson practices - hard work, discipline, focus - but according to kinesiologist and neuroscientist E. Paul Zehr, the degree to which he takes them may be beyond an ordinary person's capabilities. Zehr's book Becoming Batman: The Possibility of a Superhero examines what it would take to become Batman-esque and in an interview with ScientificAmerican.com, he summed up the odds of you or me achieving the same results:
i wasn't entirely sure how to go about it. hell, i wasn't the least bit sure. one day i gave boscoe a raw chicken wing, to see if he suddenly became Primal Dog, but instead he just trotted with it into the living room, mouthed it uncertainly, and then left it on the carpet.
A funky new scarf
Once we begin to see the relationship of cause and effect, we can begin to determine how to best help our friends and family. We can begin to offer appropriate advice or direction to help them move forward instead of just simply consoling the effects of a broken and dysfunctional life area. I’m not saying we should not be sympathetic toward those who have relationship or money issues. There are thousands of things that can affect any one of our life areas at any given time. And it’s perfectly okay for us to provide a shoulder to lean on or encourage someone toward a better tomorrow.
Calories from fat – Recommended: 10-15%
2. Pour 1/2 cup of tomato sauce in ramekin. Top with goat cheese and egg. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.
I just might need to buy this man a ruler. You can probably guess what the decision said.
Beach trips and barbecues are likely to be off the agenda as forecasters predicted the mercury could plunge as low as 26F (-3C) in places on Saturday.
Coat the tempeh with the spice rub. Cook the tempeh ribs in the oven or in a skillet until browned on both sides. This should take about 8 minutes per side. Brush the BBQ sauce on the tempeh and cook for another few minutes until slightly charred.
I have been writing about going inside yourself to find your determination, direction and value. But don’t overlook those special people who can help you find your way and inspire you to rededicate yourself.
"I am ill today but I am not too ill/I am not ill at all"
The nature of the agreement between the council and the freeman led to problems in 1913 when there was a dispute between the committee and the freeman of the moor over the letting of the site without the permission of the freeman. The freeman had advised the council that there should be no letting of the ground for the festival due to the damage left to the ground the previous year when heavy weather made it difficult for the showmen to leave the ground without damaging the site; however, John Murphy had given £50 to the council to repair the damage left by the equipment on the ground. The council disagreed - they were proud of the Hoppings festival in the North and they liked the rent, which was in the region of £1,000. The freeman went to court but the decision was given in favour of the showmen. However, the following year the freeman was granted an injunction and there was no temperance fair on the moor for that year and for the subsequent war years.
Fueled by her own depression
We Live -Lewis Jones ( library of Wales). incidentally this is one of my favourite books.
In other words, the Chinese Constitution protects the freedom of belief of Falun Gong practitioners as citizens. In addition to violating the Constitution, preventing Chinese citizens from practicing Falun Gong also violates the UN International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, which the Chinese government ratified in October 1998. In other words, practicing Falun Gong is not illegal in China, but banning it is.
I just want to know from anyone out there that is or has been in a similar situation- what is your advice? How do you run a business, take care of kids a husband and a house and take care of yourself? Especially when what I really want to do is take a nap.
Simplified, the tube into his abdomen through which he gets all his nourishment and medication was not up to scratch and needed to be moved.
"eeeeeehhheeeeeeee!!!
I'll be back as soon as I can, to post pictures of my new "no-more-clutter" and very "organized" new apartment!
The Hollywood hard man, renowned for his image of Mohawk haircut, gold chains and catchphrases, previously appeared in print in the publisher’s graphic novels.
When you say you didn’t love me anymore
With light that sings, the ice, these wings, my bonds untie
Available Formats: Kindle, Paperback
1. Accepting complimentary food and drinks from a restaurant is fairly common for a variety of reasons including birthdays, replacing another dish, extra long wait times, etc. However, I personally feel that one should never ask for complimentary food simply because he or she blogs or tweets. Stating "I am a blogger, writer, reviewer, and therefore I want free food and drink" is in poor form. Tweeting that you should receive free food, drinks, and other goods is just wrong in my opinion. This is how some restaurant owners might feel about asking for free food and drinks. Anyone can write a blog on the Internet. Having a blog doesn't make a person special or deserving of complimentary treatment. If you are respected and known for your writing and your opinions, the staff will recognize you and compensate you as they please. Keep in mind that individuals who are well-known for their influence in media all started out somewhere. Most of them pay for their meals despite what the public might think.
The IPKat also points out that this is an example of how procedure and "hard law" come together to influence the outcome of a case. Without strong discovery, MGM would have been in a far weaker position when it came to proving that Grokster's intention was to induce infringement.
I must say, being a medical illustrator must be a tough job at times.
you .
This year, April 24th was Easter. Unfortunately, we weren't able to make all of our family plans work together, and we spent Saturday and Sunday apart. So we started our celebration on Friday night, and it will be resumed here and there until I feel that we've fully celebrated (prepare yourself Pat!). Every year we go away for a weekend to celebrate, but due to holidays, weddings, bridal showers, bachelor and bachelorette parties, our weekend will be postponed for at least a month (we have one free weekend in the next six weeks and I'm not telling anyone when it is so hopefully no other plans come up!).
Lessons Learned Today:
You are a sweet girl who loves her family, school, reading, softball, art, and your friends.
Expeditious Retreat Press
In pondering, or, thinking deeply about St. Josephs role in the lives of Mary & Jesus, I couldn’t help but write today about The Surrogate Spouse.
Mix rice with 2 cups of milk in top of double boiler; cook over hot water until tender. Add margarine and peanutbutter. Combine eggs, sugar, vanilla and remaining milk. Stir into the hot rice mixture. Bake in 325 oven for 30 minutes (1 hr if using deep dish) until set.
So after this two-year break, Robin came bouncing back with the lineup trimmed back to a trio. Gone was Rustee Allen on bass and James Dewar returned to his original role as the band’s bassist. Robin Trower’s 7th solo release, “Victims Of The Fury”, was a huge success and probably his best-selling release since “Bridge Of Sighs”. Again he toured extensively through the UK and USA. Unfortunately, for some reason after the “Victims Of The Fury” tour, Robin Trower would once again take a long absence from touring… until 1984!
3-Turning on the heating doesn't bring you out in a cold sweat.
This is one of those pictures where the cast is let down by a weak script and a less-than-talented director.
Turn peel onto a previously lightly oiled rack, separating pieces. Dry candied peel, uncovered at room temperature until only slightly sticky, 6 to 8 hours. Toss, a few pieces at time, in Superfine Sugar, shaking off excess, place it in a cool dish and enjoy it!
The baddies steal some device that turns people into brightly colored powder in order to kidnap the United World Organization’s Security Council. Yeah, that’s pretty much it. The movie strings together one chase after another in a series of uneven action sequences.
Ashley Hope Pérez has an enlightening (if you’re inclined toward DIY) post on scanning one’s personal library. Ashley’s moving to Paris, and so like any book lover, her mind turns to these things (hopefully after it has turned to wine and pastries and bistros and museums, etc.).
Andrew was sent on his first TDY in Feb. and was gone until the end of April! That was the first time we have been apart since basic-techschool. It went by quickly, thankfully, and he is back home and safe now!
“It is my belief that President Goodluck Jonathan’s government working with a faction of MEND planned and executed the bombings of 14 March 2010 and 1 October 2010,” Mr. Okah said in an affidavit deposed at a South African court.
ruining someone else’s day
I believe in aborting all government programs that do not contribute to the Cyberconversion of mankind. Which is all of them. I take a pro-life stance towards Cybermen, but a pro-death (or anti-life, as those damn Time Lords like to call us) towards the incompatible, and a pro-conversion stance for that which is compatible.
Believe it or not, I shall still find a way to put some YAY in my day. And I hope you do, too!
Imagine that you lived in a place where water borne diseases were rampant. Your local water source is contaminated, and typhoid outbreaks occur whenever major flooding occurs - probably from sewage and contaminants entering your water supply. Thousands of people become ill, and many even die. There are no trained water staff to effectively treat the water to protect human health. Seems worlds away, doesn’t it?
Theory 5
I think my brothers were jealous when I was born, and they tortured me for my existence. My parents did nothing to stop them. When I tried to talk to my mom about it she would only defend them. They were watching me after all. She had four kids and couldn't watch me apparently so I was supposed to be thankful to these abusive brothers I had.
"We all feel sorry for people darling."
Cyndi Steele was much more credible, owning up to past marital problems, but solidly defending her husband's more recent behavior. Her defense of her husband will undoubtedly score some points with the female-dominated jury.
Their job is to reassure and soothe the Western public, in particular the symbolic analysts of the media and the academy. Their high-minded bromides send a signal to the decision-makers of the West that Islam is just fine. The subliminal message: “You and I are both educated men, above the common ruck. Take it from me that Islam is rational and enlightened, much more so than Christianity or Judaism.”
HOLLY: Thank you! Yes, it’s definitely a juggling act these days. I hired a babysitter one day a week so that I could write Tell Me a Secret. It felt so stressful at the time, but now I realize how easy I had it, with no deadlines or expectations, no agents and editors waiting for the next book…! I find I have to separate and create writing time or else it falls to the wayside. I try to keep family time as sacred as possible. Right now I’m working on a third novel, hoping to finish before the big day.
"In the sink."
I've been working at SAINTS for almost three weeks and i am enjoying it, i find myself eager to get there and see everyone and get the work started.
And now my son has been bitten by the stupid bug too. A lot of changes are happening in his life. Big things. But does he call me up to tell me personally? Nope. He posts them on Facebook and actually expects that I will not only see his status posts, which I rarely do (I have far too many friends on Facebook, and I'm rarely on the site), but will also find this an acceptable mechanism for telling his mother important news.
Consolidating the newspapers
So out of the flames a new boring brown machine has risen.
PLUS, just like i mentioned tuesday, i have $10 diva dollars (aka $10 gift cards!) for you if you do the following:
This Mother's Day we will be giving away a $50 gift certificate to our store Fabricworm.com! Keep it for yourself or give it to your mother! Everyone has a chance to win, all you have to do is leave a comment on this post answering the question below and you will be entered to win.
The Den
We had no idea when we did the hysterectomy when my youngest was 18 months old that my body would find another mode of attack. We thought we were solving my problems and things would be more normal. No more pain.
Case in point: Just over one year ago in late March 2011, mainstream analysts conjectured about the probability of a Portuguese bailout. Many people had opinions, but no one was talking about the most important indicator, namely that Portugal’s borrowing costs had just crossed a critical threshold. No one, that is, except EWI European market analyst Brian Whitmer.
- St. Ann's Warehouse (38 Water Street): C, 38 violation points
I enjoyed the movie but all the way through it felt like déjà vu.
In less than a month of life, her name has been pronounced "Carries," "Cahr-is," "Carrots," "Um, how do you say this?," and inexplicably "Paris*." It's been spelled Caris, Karis, Kerris, and Karys.
Sea el Divino Sacramento,
Aerial images showed possibly hundreds of houses and apartments with shattered glass windows, many of them with their roofs blown away.
Perhaps it is we marvel so
to have a real birthday party instead.
We are, after all, a part of the body of Christ. Just as we would not dare amputate a hand without first preparing the rest of the body, and then caring for the body after the shock, we should never just assume that we could just slice ourselves away and not cause harm to others.
A new thread in the forum will be posted each Monday and a new Big Cheese will be chosen every Wednesday.
The heavens are telling the glory of God and the firmament proclaims his handiwork. One day pours out its song to another and one night unfolds knowledge to another. They have neither speech nor language and their voices are not heard, yet their sound has gone out into all lands and their words to the ends of the world. In them has he set a tabernacle for the sun, that comes forth as a bridegroom out of his chamber and rejoices as a champion to run his course. It goes forth from the end of the heavens and runs to the very end again, and there is nothing hidden from its heat. The law of the Lord is perfect, reviving the soul; the testimony of the Lord is sure and gives wisdom to the simple. The statutes of the Lord are right and rejoice the heart; the commandment of the Lord is pure and gives light to the eyes. The fear of the Lord is clean and endures for ever; the judgements of the Lord are true and righteous altogether. More to be desired are they than gold,
I was brought up as an only child. The reason my parents adopted was due to fertility problems on my Mum’s side. They had waited a long time and tried to conceive, unsuccessfully. They were almost too old to adopt when they started looking into it but luckily they got through the processes and were accepted. I couldn’t have wished for a better Mum and Dad!
Tickets for System of a Down are $55 (plus applicable service charges) and go on sale May 4 at 10:00 a.m. A ticket lottery will take place at the Verizon Center box office only at 8:00 a.m. Fans must be in line by 8:00 a.m. to participate in the lottery which offers everyone an equal chance at buying the best seats available during the public on sale. This is a general admission floor show – meaning no seats will be on the floor. Tickets will be available through all Ticketmaster outlets including the Verizon Center box office, online at www.ticketmaster.com and via Phonecharge at 1-800-745-3000. Accessible seating is available for patrons with disabilities by calling 202-661-5065. For more information please visit www.verizoncenter.com.
pine cone
I was having an email conversation with Thea over the weekend which involved explaining a couple of Aussie slang words and expressions. I thought it might be nice to have a regular post on translating a quintessential word, phrase etc each week to try and help Aussify the world and maybe help with some confusion as to what we are really saying. With Mrs P's blessing I'm starting Translation Tuesday.
Lisa Allen of the Sheriff's office says they believe the message originated in Mexico.
The song, Delta Dawn, by Helen Reddy, was about a woman who was walking around with a suitcase, waiting for the guy who dumped her. She was an old maid, but she was also crazy as a loon, just like Miss Havisham. She walked around Brownsville with a faded rose from days gone by.
I realized then that, sad though the thought of being gone from Southern State in a year's time made me, it was something I wanted. I'm ready to start a career and a life.
“Sort of” being the key, helpfully parenthesized, words. I still haven’t updated Kurama’s, Endrance’s, or Vayne’s journals properly yet, and despite being some of my favorite characters ever, they can sometimes be extraordinarily difficult to write for. If I’m not in the right mindset for them, they can be horribly, horribly off, Endrance and Vayne especially. At least with Kurama, I have years of experience with RPing him, and I’m a little better adjusted to keeping him (mostly) IC.
if you donate $15 you'll get one issue of the zine,
Now, filmmakers have location scouts to find these perfect physical settings for them, but I think it’s one of the great joys of my job as an author (as it was when I was a screenwriter) to be constantly on the lookout for perfect locations to use in current and yet-to-be-conceived storylines. And they're all ours for the taking.
6″ days to weeks being unfaithful.
After a rough couple of days of being sick and then watching my favorite hockey team, the Boston Bruins, get eliminated in Game 7 of their Eastern Conference Quarter-Final match-up against Washington last night, I'm hoping a pack of hockey cards will help to cheer me up. I always keep a stack of 10 or so packs in my card closet for a rainy day, and this one's been there for at least a couple of years now. I don't particularly care for this set, and I don't even recall buying the pack. It's a hobby pack, so I must have picked it up at the shop when I was grabbing supplies or something. Anyway, 8 cards included, here we go...
17. San Diego Zoo
Mouthfeel (0-3): Good mouthfeel with a nice CO2 tingle. 3 points
It is a brave editor who takes on with creating a new Anthology of Modern Irish Poetry, when its forerunners are considered. No less brave when the editor is the US scholar and critic Wes Davis. A brief survey of predecessors include the Faber Book of Contemporary Irish Poetry (1986), edited by Paul Muldoon (with ten Irish poets, seven of whom were Northern Irish, stretching from 1939 to the mid 80s); the Penguin Book of Contemporary Irish Poetry (1991), edited by Peter Fallon and Derek Mahon (including thirty Irish poets, beginning with Thomas Kinsella’s work); and Modern Irish Poetry: An Anthology (1995), edited by Patrick Crotty (including forty-seven Irish poets), the premise of which was to regard Irish poetry since Yeats as a ‘quarrel’ with that man’s work.
Never give up!
But I am also drafting a new book! (Yay drafting!) But to be honest, it is so much harder than the last book I drafted. I don't know if I'm stuck in revision mode or what!
The Foundation was set up by Doltone House directors Anna Cesarano, Nina Milazzo and Paul Signorelli, honouring their late father who passed away of Mesothelioma, a terminal asbestos related cancer. They have committed to almost $1million dollars in just under 4 years; funded three medical scholarships; funded the national guidelines for treatment and cure of Mesothelioma, received two NSW Government grants as well as most recently funding an International Registry Scholarship.
1.Bake the cake in 2 layers as directed on package. When cool, slice each layer in half horizontally, making 4 layers. In a medium bowl, combine the 2 cans of sweetened condensed milk with the fresh lemon juice. Reserve half of the mixture and set aside.
And so it was that the two young Hobbits were led back down the corridor toward the gate, and down the flight of stairs that lead toward the red door of the Five Animals Hall. Ishcandar felt optimistically certain that Hermel was on his way, coming to look for them, and would rescue them shortly.
By Dr. Mercola
Appreciative squeals and giggles ripple through the crowd.
With this Moskk stands “Tu Masa My Sweet… Let me Proudly introduce to you Princess Agatha… Daughter to none other than King Elias…”.
Before I leave home, I always double-check, triple check sometimes, to make sure everything that should be off is off. So I know when I get home exactly what the gang stalkers did while I was gone. There’s really not much they can do in my apartment. My apartment has very few things in it. I purposely don’t have much of anything. So there’s not much they can do to make me think I’ve lost it. I also take pictures of where I’ve placed everything, so if I doubt myself, all I have to do is look at my pictures.
If you are watching the world media, you probably think Indonesia is ablaze with corpses littering the streets. Hardly the case. The reason for the hype is twofold, I suspect. One is government greed and the other is the use of natural or man-made events to maintain a climate of fear.
And yet God was still able to work. Finally, to my surprise—perhaps like Rhoda when Peter was at the gate—God answered my prayers in a way I had not anticipated: my mom asked me to take her to church—not to my church, but to a church whose advertisement she had just seen in the paper. “Hey, Johnny, isn’t this the man you have mentioned to me before? David Bernard? Here’s an ad for a revival at his church.” “Wow, yes it is! I didn’t know he was in Austin.” “Johnny, will you take me?” The ad said there would be miracles, healings, and the baptism of the Holy Ghost. “I need a miracle,” she said.
Thomas Edison and Tesla were mentioned in a press dispatch as potential laureates to share the Nobel Prize of 1915, leading to one of several Nobel Prize controversies. Some sources have claimed that because of their animosity toward each other neither was given the award, despite their scientific contributions; that each sought to minimize the other's achievements and right to win the award; that both refused ever to accept the award if the other received it first; and that both rejected any possibility of sharing it. – Wikipedia
short run
Two of us alone in a small town.
One day they recorded sensory observations. It seems the dog "tastes" like "the couch." Based on that, I guess there's some scientific experimentation, too.
Men chew qat in public, sometimes in stalls lining the streets like this one in Sana'a, or in the mafrage of the house. A mafrage is a room with cushions lining the walls, often on the top floor of the house, where everybody sits and hangs out. Women chew qat too, but men and women don't generally hang out together.
Fuel - S/T (Sixth International 1990)
The defilement Act of Uganda clearly states that any sexual activity with children amounts to defilement, which is a capital offence and is punishable by death. These two scenarios are a slap in the face of justice.
Their snouts were buried
Chorizo, Chorizo as dark as my blood
But before you read on, a word of caution: I live in Ontario. I am only watching the Alberta election from afar and largely through the prism of the national and eastern media. I have not made any thorough analysis of polling data, nor am I in touch with any sources “on the ground” in that province.
The boys love being back together and are having a blast being home with us. They act as if they have always been with us and are excited about every little thing. We continue to email our translator, Makhabbat (who we adore and love very much). We send her photos of the boys and give her lots of updates. It's been a whirlwind of a year. All good!
1. You’re ought to be above 18 many years.
Being there to keep her safe from harm while she dreams
the beer in the German Democratic Republic is really not good any more at the moment, with the exception of your RADEBERGER PILSNER (EXPORT). Could you make a special case and for a while deliver two crates a month to VLK Drinks, import and speciality beers department, Brunnenstr. 188, Berlin N.4.
Maldon Salt and cracked pepper
as the gods walk the sky
We are strangling in a bureaucracy with a Code of Federal Regulations that has grown like a bacterial culture. A nation that was founded by a constitution that fills about 14 printed pages in today's technologies, passes financial reform bills that go over 2000 pages, health care bills that go almost 3000 pages, and more. Each bill creates hundreds of new regulations, which are so poorly written they have to be refined by hundreds of court cases. The court cases effectively create new law and new regulations. Since congress is in session every year and passes at least one new law every year, the total number of laws and regulations increases without limit and everything eventually becomes illegal.
You know that I have only ever seen this
The usual argument I hear around this time of year as to why Easter is silly is "how can Jesus have died on a different day each year?" That's not the approach one should be taking in this situation. The real answer to the question of "why did Jesus die on a different day each year" is because it's a fictional story. You can make up whatever you want in fiction. Nobody ever picks up on books like Harry Potter for being unrealistic. They take them for what they are - fictional stories, and the same applies here. Anyway, the lunar cycle thing explains it nicely. In the story, Jesus died on a weekend near to the beginning of the lunar cycle.
Hope you enjoyed. Thanks for taking time out of your day to stop by. Comments are always extremely appreciate especially if you are inspired by what you see.
The procurator’s investigation is focused on a half-billion euro arbitration deal in 2008 in favour of controversial French tycoon Bernard Tapie – a high-profile backer of President Sarkozy from the Left. Critics allege that Lagarde exerted improper influence in the case. That part is a vague charge to make stick – but it’s becoming increasingly clear that the procurator’s office is primarily interested in what it calls ‘complicity in embezzlement of public funds’ and ‘complicity in forgery.’ The last of these especially has some on the Right worried – and some on the Left excited. The source above continues:
Happy Father's Day to me.
Oh, what a surprise, they do. However, Excel's wonderful TREND function tells us that rents only soak up 67.8% of the extra wages. Does that mean the law requires modification? No, not really, because once we deduct 'embedded rents' (calculated, for sake of argument as another 20% of pure rents*) and apply the TREND function again, we see that wages after pure rent and after embedded rent are as flat as a pancake.
We headed for Home Depot and found a microwave, struggled putting my mattress together and had lunch at the Chinese Panda place. Later we spent a hour or so pulling weeds and trimming bushes. We barely made a dent. We need gloves, rakes, weedeaters, tractor and a truck. I'll go back to Home Depot while Thom's at work today and get a few things.
So this week I’m writing a speech about student loan debt. Turns out, student loans have almost reached ONE. BILLION. DOLLARS.
This site was created by the government to inform and prepare families for emergencies caused by extreme weather events. It's a great resource in classrooms where there is a threat of weather phenomena such as tornadoes and floods. It does a wonderful job of explaining weather events and talking about why and how we have to be prepared for them. Complete with games, checklists, and even teacher and parent materials, it's a great resource for mentally and physically preparing children for extreme weather events.
First, I got a mini, that..honestly I don't know what it was, but as much as I know it was a vanilla cake with some weird buttercream, absolutely smothered to death in chocolate chips. All I could pretty much taste were the old looking chocolate chips.
from 2009
But why the long time? Because I don’t know what to say anymore. Because I am afraid that if I see my newest plan in black and white, I won’t feel as good about it. Because my meds have allowed me to live in the moment, and I dread the thought of reawakening my obsession with the future.
Senior Parents, Prom to Dawn will meet at the Ritter Library community room today at 7:00. Anyone interested in helping with the event should attend. If you have any questions, call Dina Bauer 967-1223 or e-mail vermilionpromtodawn2012@gmail.com
So when people talk about us, we tend to be lulled. What they’re saying bypasses the critical factor—and all that’s left then is to stimulate the unconscious mind.
Will interfering friends, an over-protective dad, and past mistakes keep them apart, or will they fight for the happiness that each deserves?
Paralyzed from the waist down, you're being carried around on the backs of two men who don't seem anything like you at all. Who inject you regularly and tell you its for your own good... to stop the disease, or The yellow number near the bottom is Stephen Blackmoore's debut City of the Lost, the first in an Urban Fantasy series and given its brief page count and some nice accolades I may dip in soon since it officially comes out next week. Lastly, is Rod Rees' much touted debut The Demi-Monde: Winter, the first in a series about a virtual world inspired by Steampunk and Cyberpunk.
Mahie Gill as Maria Susairaj
Typical of the media obsession with sex as the key to success is an article in the Daily Mail, concerning the model Candice Swanepoel, who at 15 years of age (still a child) took a job as a semi-naked personality-less walking clothes horse, to shew her school bullies that she was better than them. Really? Regardless of whether she was bullied, the message to school girls is that by exposing one's flesh, one can achieve material gain, and therefore by the acquisition of wealth, be a better person than those who do not go down this route. With this logic, is it any wonder that girls are getting pregnant at ever earlier ages? To be a sex object is to be popular. This is nothing short of the promotion of prostitution, and pædophilia.
I have to say it:
Did you know heart disease can be reversible with food? There are some foods that remove arterial plaque, like oatmeal (use the old-fashioned kind, not the minute kind), which draws out the fats from your arteries. Avocado is critical for heart health and healing. It’s a good living fat, and contains beta-sitosterol, which has a greater impact on blood cholesterol than either olive or almond oil. Okra and eggplant are two other powerful artery scrubbers.
All 100% Cotton (yay!).
2 hours after the storm started, we began the clean up. Both of my canopy tents were destroyed, the legs and arms snapping like small twigs, and all of our beautiful merchandise was thrown into muddy water. We were walking around in a big huge sponge, littered with what had become our home for the weekend.
The Smart Cover is available in two materials, and in ten colors. In Polyurethane, the cover comes in Blue, Green, Pink, Orange, and Gray. In Leather, Cream, Black, Navy, Red and Tan are available. The Polyurethane covers cost $39 and the Leather covers are $69. These prices may seem preposterous for a thin cover that only protects the front of your precious and expensive iPad, but when you look at all of the features that Apple has baked into it, you’ll realize that it’s only worth a little bit less than you payed for it.
“Have you…” Emma took a step back and tucked her hair behind her ear. She wouldn’t look at me. “Have you ever loved anyone…like that?”
But let’s be honest. Although political correctness might prevent them from saying so, I imagine some who supported the intervention in Libya feel that the regional consequences matter little. Mali, though formerly upheld as a model of “African democracy,” is usually seen as geopolitically peripheral, as are Niger and Chad. Whatever chaos results there, supporters may still feel the intervention was worthwhile. And I believe that some American elites, even if they express concern about “anti-Americanism” overseas, would not substantially adjust major policy decisions to take into account how those decisions might affect perceptions of Washington in Kano, or Nairobi, or Jakarta. The political consequences of the intervention that I cite will not necessarily trouble such thinkers – and that probably warrants a post of its own.
Once you have your product and your story developed, look for ways to tell the world about it. Shoot for big targets, but don't overlook the small ones. Many publications will print free announcements for upcoming community events. If you have an appearance scheduled, make sure you let the local paper know about it.
Hawaiian Shores, Kraft and Aqua Mist cardstock
From time to time they ask for assistance. Sometimes they look so bewildered (on the subway) that I offer it without asking. It makes me see the city differently and reminds me to be nice when I really want to give them a shove (they amble, we speed-walk). In the meantime, I await the visit of Australian blog friends and hope I can help them see things they'd like to see and help them to feel welcome and comfortable (footwear is key - avoid sandals).
For a while, I used to write ‘house wife’, but I find that word nonsensical. What the heck does that mean? Then I wrote home maker, instead. But that made me feel guilty because apart from cooking, my ‘home making’ skills are quite limited. Now I write ‘mother’. Now that is a real job, which includes yet is not limited to being a chef, chauffeur, maid, educator, counselor, confidante, disciplinarian, entertainer – did I leave anything out, fellow mothers? Oh yes, it also includes listening to endless jokes with absolutely no punchline whatsoever and laughing along just to see the joy in those faces! But I still get flustered when people ask me, ‘Now that Ryan is in full day school, what are your plans? What are you doing these days?’
It is IMPERATIVE that WE GET THIS CONTRACT DONE.....NOW!
Deception
Asha to Mr. Spice: Don't put your finger in your nose. Use a tissue.
Collage sheet images of Alice and the Mad Hatter are in ruched lace medallions, lovely! The stars spangling the ribbon on the handle and scattered over the teapot go perfectly with the theme. Click here for more details.
As for what is at stake for Yale, he said: ‘By collaborating on an entirely new liberal arts institution for an emergent Asia, Yale could influence the course of 21st century education as profoundly as it shaped higher education in the US in the 19th century.’
“These younger unaffiliated adults are very nonreligious,” said Daniel Cox, PRRI’s research director. “They demonstrate much lower levels of religiosity than we see in the general population,” including participation in religious rituals or worship services.
16. Thank You
New entrants to the list in December include the following:
For fun, here's a captioned newspaper photo of me the last time I tried to find a polling place while intoxicated:
This book, Eric Roberts’ Guide to Local Business Marketing by – you guessed it – Eric Roberts, is meant for those who have a small business that depends on local customers (meaning they can’t do business over a long distance). Roberts specifically lays out some of the professions that would benefit from this guide: plumbers, dentists, locksmiths, restaurants, plastic surgeons, accountants, carpet cleaners, contractors, and landscapers.
Doesn’t quite add up does it?
1/2 fl oz grenadine syrup
As further commentary on Mussolini's Marxist credentials, it may be worth noting that, long before the Bolshevik revolution, Mussolini had supported the orthodox Marxist (cf. the Mensheviks) view that backward States like Italy and Russia had to go through a capitalist or bourgeois democratic stage before evolving into socialism. It was this, as much as anything, that led Mussolini to collaborate with the Italian establishment when he eventually gained power.
You see, by talking about me … you’re making me famous.
November 12, 1985
even a bit—
In The Flesh, 3×90 event drama, written by Dominic Mitchell for BBC Three
I have had a wobble recently, a rather large one which is quite out of character for me but there you go, we all have them. People look at me and see a thirty-something lady who has it all under control and has got her shit together. Anyone who knows me more than superficially knows that this is utter bollocks and that I am just a hypo manic woman with a very mercurial mind. So how do I stay so positive when life gives me a swift kick (because I am not immune, I am just like everyone else).
some turned by salt to stone.
I LOVE FROM MY KITCHEN!!!!!!!!
We need to end the illness taboo. So leave us your stories in the comments, and we’ll post our favorites on the blog!
No, for good or for bad, the second term of an Obama administration will be cautious and boring, and it won't tackle the underlying problems facing this country in any brave or meaningful way. And that is the absolute best you can hope for. Really. Because let's just take a moment and compare it to the first term of a Romney administration.
Current roster: same as last time
Enjoy these whoopie pies guilt free! They give me a little bit of childhood, like I am eating a (very healthy) little debbie oatmeal cream pie, but way better and without the chemically aftertaste!
Our only firm foundation is Jesus Christ. Today and everyday let us ever be mindful of pride’s deceitfulness! As God’s redeemed people let us humble ourselves before the Lord today. Let us remember His warning, “Pride goes before destruction” and hear His Word that directs His people to, “Humble yourselves before the Lord, and He will lift you up.”
How do I deal with self-doubt and worry? I write more. I revise often. I also find an audience through publishing. If there's an audience waiting, there is no time or room for doubt. If you feel like sharing your freewrites, you can always send me links and I will share them here on the blog. I love helping others find an audience for their work.
Just one more thing before I post the recipe! This potentially could be a fairly healthy recipe if you follow it according to how Krista posted it. I used what I had on hand, as opposed to making a point to pick up reduced-sodium chicken broth and fat free milk. (I'm awful, I know!)Chicken with Rosemary-Onion Sauce
The classic Ritz Hotel has a distinct, prescribed style. Cesar Ritz himself chose the Louis XVI style (sometimes used in transition from Louis XV; there were also accents of Directoire), and every detail of his first Ritz Hotels, both interior decor and exterior architecture, down to light switches, table accoutrements, was a circa 1910 interpretation of this elegant style. The simple, light lines of neo Louis XVI were a refreshing change from the heavy, dark, ponderous furniture of Second Empire, Louis Phillipe, and the Victorian style.
Mr Liu ended by urging Singaporeans to remain calm and be consumed by rage:
5. Scriptlance
Tastes like burnt cigarette.
Seeing how God has proven His power and faithfulness, we say, “Hallelujah! LORD, thank You for giving us so many proofs of Your authority and authenticity through the historical records of Your word.”
And every day Chigger finds a stray limb down by the gate and carries it all the way back to the house. I figure if I take her on enough walks she may get that whole end of the drive cleaned up. Most of them are good for kindling so I break them up to put by the stove.
This workshop will teach you how to:
It's a Roller Coaster Ride
Idk, maybe the book was better than the movie? Maybe this is just a companion movie to watch after you’ve read the book? If not, I don’t know how you could have felt anything for anyone or anything in this movie. It just didn’t do anything for me except make me throw up a little.
Emrys cryptically pointed out that Annie might have to do something horrible in order to get her door (Emrys got his through some petty revenge on his ex-wife and piano teacher) and then the older version of Eve showed up to basically reveal what I had already assumed at the start of the series.
I won't really go into any more detail about the homestay, because I just don't feel like it. Some of the others seemed to have had really amazing homestays, getting to visit waterfalls, learning about Islam, waking up at 4:00 in the morning to scarf down a bunch of food before fasting the whole day, playing cricket... lots of stuff. I have to be honest and say I was kind of disappointed with the way my weekend went, although the people I stayed with were very nice (and had two adorable kids, which I will probably get to later in picture form).
Three times this expression is used in the Revelation. His eyes are laser-like. They penetrate beneath the surface. They miss nothing and see everything. In other words, He knows everything, including the thoughts and intentions of every heart. Doesn't this sound like God? Isn't it God Who is omniscient, all-knowing and all-seeing? Meaning what in the context of Revelation 19? Meaning that the dragon and the beast and the harlot don't stand a chance because opposed to them is Almighty God Himself.
8/10 A spicy rich winter warmer
I have been taking care of this bird for a few weeks through his illness and perhaps it makes me a bad researcher, but I've grown attached to him (and to many of the others). Though I had lots of other things to do while my experimental bird was busy pecking away in the chamber, I decided that, with 81's future up in the air, that I'd give him 20 minutes or so to do whatever the heck he wanted.
“I’m a bit of a portrait artist as well. Photography.”
“Loss of funding for breast cancer screening endangers the health and well-being of women, especially those low income New Yorkers who rely on Planned Parenthood for such vital services,” said NYC Comptroller John C. Liu. “We are relieved and appreciative that Susan G. Komen for the Cure will continue its grants to Planned Parenthood.”
In other words, there is no truth.
Ross has this saying that I'm about to butcher, but it goes something like: "When you throw an arrow you hurt yourself worse." Or something? Anyway, the idea is, when you express hostility towards someone or something else, sure, your target will feel it -- but the action began and ended with you, so you feel it double. That's the way I was with Christianity.
The second clue would come if you actually followed the link you’d find that in order for you to make this $90 THOUSAND a YEAR too good to be true payoff you would have to start by sending them money first…
Says the press release: “Prepare for the world’s most advanced notebook to change how you see personal computing one more time.
*not be entered in to more than three challenge sites
Ian and I made some difficult and painful decisions this morning but we are relieved to have made them and will move forward in faith. Hopefully as things solidify I'll be able to give more details. We are grateful to have so many people praying over us right now and look forward to seeing God's plan for our family unfold.
The reason I’ve confessed this novel is because someone really, really important asked me to review some facial products, and I thought you’d like to know about my credentials.
Good Morning Stampers! Wow! What a beautiful morning God has blessed us with! The sun is shining, there's no wind, and it's expected to be up in the 80's today! In one of the fields beside us, I think they are growing peas, there are a bunch of quail running around in the field pecking at the seads that are on top of the ground that didn't get planted. Hey, everyone's gotta eat, right? ")
3. Some fibre also provides prebiotic action, giving homes and food for the bacteria that live in our large bowel. Helping increases in numbers of ‘friendly bacteria’ is beneficial, these bacteria produce vitamin K and also make short chain fatty acids, which feeds our gut and keeps it healthy. High numbers of good bacteria also reduce the levels of harmful bacteria in our bowel, the ones that result in illness.
But the method could be more risky than it appears at first glance: what about the first hundred meters of climbing which is, I recall, the distance needed for a parachute to open correctly? To say it shortly, this man has a shorter life expectancy but a hell more intense way of living it as I said in the beginning. When I look at this sort of guy I feel in my deep inside a feeling of a mixture of envy (what a life!) and pity (the continuing proximity of death!). But isn’t this mixture the basement of our human condition: the conscientiousness of the possibility of our own end?
Sift the flour and baking powder into a large bowl. Stir in the sugar and raspberries (or blackberries).
According to a new study from the Economic Policy Institute, the wages of entry-level workers sucked big time during the “Lost decade” beginning when Bush too office. That isn’t a coincidence. Let’s blame the Republicans and Bush, but we can’t forget that Slick Willie played a huge roll in this; think Nafta and that great sucking sound down South. On the other hand, maybe Slick Willie doesn’t deserve to be completely joined with Bush at the hip of responsibility since young workers experienced wage growth during his last five years in office.
But You Know I Love You
PRICE: $109,000
And, bonus point, they help to reduce your risk of diabetes and heart disease because they are filled with nourishing fiber. low in sodium and high in vitamins and minerals.
1/2 c. chopped walnuts
I could resort to the material. I am a car fanatic. I should just go out and buy whatever car I want—definitely something sporty and brightly colored, but not a convertible. That’s too much of a mid-life crisis cliché. But we just bought “me” a new car and it’s perfect. It’s not flashy or eye-catching, but it is practical and I love driving it. It feels new and adult and that’s really what I needed.
The same woman was also distressed to learn that Rose would keep on doing lessons through the holidays ... but probably more distressed when Rose said she only did lessons maybe two or three days a week so it all evened out in the end!
It’s possible to go through life carrying out a range of complex tasks without consciously paying attention to what we’re doing. While it is possible to live that way, you end up missing a lot. We will talk with Harvard professor Ellen Langer, a scholar who has been called the mother of the psychological concept of “mindfulness.” It’s a very simple but powerful idea--that, by paying attention to what we are doing, we will better understand ourselves and others, and in the process live a more full and healthy life.
One could argue, perhaps, that the names of these plants are irrelevant. That you can enjoy the landscape without knowing what's what. Faithful readers will know that I believe in the power of naming names. That said, I also know that common names can be as effective in staking a connection with a plant as the official genus and species. As a child, I knew many common English plant names long before I was aware of the Linnaean classification system and, in my part of Surrey, a bank, hedgerow, meadow or roadside offered a constellation of recognized plants without a classically derived appellation amongst them. I would acknowledge, for instance, the presence of blackberry, ragged robin, cow parsley, deadly nightshade, yarrow, dead nettles, stinging nettles, docks, burdocks, horseradish, daisies, campion, violets, sorrel, dandelions, groundsel, horsetail and so on amidst the hazel, oak, holly, chestnut, ash, beech, birch and alder trees. Amongst this unremarked upon congregation of plants of the Surrey countryside the special displays of bluebells, primroses, foxgloves, cowslips, poppies, dog roses, snowdrops, jack-in-the-pulpits, red-hot-pokers and forget-me-nots were seasonally noted.
peter gabriel- "sledgehammer"
I was totally thrilled to be contacted by Ulysses Press, asking if I would like to review this new book, "For My Children: A Mother's Journal of Memories, Wishes & Wisdom".
I’m not really fond of cooking but there are times when I don’t want to do anything except to invade our kitchen. How about you? What do you do when you’re bored?
The most rewarding thing about being a mom is having someone to make me laugh, make me proud, and make me smile. Sophie is a real joy, and I can’t imagine life without her. ♥
Homemade Caramels
The number 10 bus took me on a fairly mazy route through south-west Edinburgh, past Redford Barracks and the recruits on parade and then dropped me off just outside Colinton Village, a well-heeled part of suburban Edinburgh (which, in general, seemed very quiet today). Steps took me down into the main Bridge Street past the Colinton Inn (Deuchars IPA only) and then furthers steps brought me out opposite the Spylaw Tavern a nice sandstone terraced building with a great beer garden out the back with views down to Spylaw Park.
What’s stopping you from doing something completely different and experimental in your next class?
Nutella is not a healthy food? I’ve been spreading the stuff on all my food – Nutella and jelly sandwiches; Nutella and Rossi on the rocks; Nutella deviled eggs; Nutella dip for carrots and celery – pickles too; Nutella fondu; Nutella almond milkshakes; and my favorite, blob o Nutella on a spoon. Frankly, I’m outraged that the stuff is nothing more than chocolate goop. I’ve been duped.
My maternal grandmother, Dora, reminded me slightly of Lillian Gish. But she was not a fan — I remember when the subject came up, she mimicked the famous “forced-smile” gesture from BROKEN BLOSSOMS and described how everybody had laughed at it. This confused me: I knew from my reading that the film had been a success. Surely audiences hadn’t mocked such a key scene at the time?
Ooh, and I had a lovely almost dream between alarms: I somehow thought Ross offered to take Henry so that I could sleep in a bit more... Then I remembered he'd already gone to work. Sad face.
So you can see where all this leading. And oil isn’t the only energy-tie we’re talking about here.
Today was a very stressful day. In the area we live in, we have been receiving a lot of rain instead of our usual snow. It made for some very scary roads. This morning the sun had come out and the roads were wet, but not icy. Or so we thought.
"No, that is true; it won't pass light rays -- yet. Bring that black enameled cabinet in the fume-hood. We'll just start this to going and explain as we do it." The professor turned to the chemistry table.
In late 2011, with the efforts of NYC buzz and the work of producer Chris Zane (Asobi Seksu, Ruby Frost, Les Savy Fav), the five-piece talent (Ryan McCarthy, Nathan Klages, Jeremy Malvin, Alex Fives, Ultramark) fearlessly continued layering modern pop as the onset of their latest work. Fit for smart ears, Stepdad extends the latitude of creativity to maintain a curious musical dexterity.
Upgrade
And how its taste, would linger forever in my mind
While they stood together watching the roses being swept away into the deep blue sea, I reflected on the recent deaths of my father and my sister’s husband. For a few moments, I could clearly see them in my mind, while a peaceful calm swept through my thoughts.
And while the food photos in this book certainly look delicious, many of them remind me of why I pay to eat at a restaurant in the first place. "Stuffed Squid with Ratatouille, Polenta Fries, and Balsamic Butter" from The Garden sounds delicious. It also sounds like something I would burn, overpay for, and ultimately make me wish I had gotten take out instead. In trying to show themselves off, many of the recipes given by these restaurants are not only complicated but involve expensive ingredients.
Namely:
~Jason Sanford
From time to time, we’re forced to reflect on the way we’re raising our children, whether we’re instilling the right values, and whether we’re leading them down the right path.
I love my job but I take my play time serious. After all it is a challenge to be the next American Idle.
Anchor Liberty
Geographic Difference Three U. s. Declares subspecies show vulnerable and clinal variation in dimensions, overall colour, and size of the rufous cap. Two small, dark-colored subspecies enjoy middle and north american Tx (texanus) and the Sonoran and Chihuahuan Deserts of Az, New South america, and american Tx (mesoleucus); the more westerly subspecies has a much more powerful rufous cap. South mesatus is large and light, with a darkish cap that is tinged rufous.
Sadly, true Priestliness is not in abundance in the Church because too many priests are called by man and not by God. The evidence being this….whoever you spend the most time with, is who you will become like; Ministers of today spend more time communing with and serving their mentors than God….and that’s a fact.
"I need to know about the 3 branches of the American Government, the preamble of the US Constitution, the 5 freedoms in the first amendment, and the first 10 amendments of the "Bill of Rights."
1/8 teaspoon ground cloves
Interestingly, in the midst of all this helplessness, she still manages to send me the most inane e-mail jokes involving downloads or video attachments, the software for which I don't possess (nor want to). Most of them have been called out on Snopes.com as ridiculous hoaxes but that doesn't deter her from warning me about everything and anything. Funny how she can manage this- she has obviously aquired the necessary know-how to impress the friends who seem to have nothing better to do than send them round in the first place.
I will be revealing a big project I've been working on this month,
Odds - 1:186. (Not a spelling mistake, it is 1:186!)
Retail price: $99
I love blogging. I write new posts five times a week. That's good, right? Well, yes. But all of my older projects just keep getting pushed out of sight. So, I've been trying to figure out a way for my newer readers to find my older projects. You can find them through the archives on my sidebar but I never felt that that was enough. And since blogging is really visual, I wanted you to be able to see projects that you'd be interested in learning more about. Which is why I cleaned up my pages.
Its latest market is Florida, home to a lot of transplanted New Yorkers.
ps – still on the no wheat thing and did not eat the english muffins.
Sure enough, the text of the report tells a very different story...
So why should you read it? I'm not sure you should. If you've read his novels, which I haven't, then you'd probably appreciate reading this memoir. If you're a runner you'll appreciate it a little more since it is like talking to another runner about their last run, or best run, or most unique run. I lapped up every mile, every ache and pain, and every running experience that was familiar or not to me. I also found his experience offered me some insight into my own running. His book even motivated me at times. If you're not a runner, you might also enjoy it as a writer since part of the memoir does reflect on his becoming a writer as if overnight. Mostly though it's the ease in his storytelling that is enjoyable. He's in no hurry to get to the end, there is a lighthearted view with a pace that is just right.
To carry the "artsy" look of the pens further, I hand doodled around the outer edge of the card with a black Micron pen. The HI was also drawn with the pen and the Cricut and then I hand colored it in with the same pen and doodled on top of it.
I love doing these sanity checks…
Second, remember those nasty ethics violations of Newt’s? The ones that cost him the highest Congressional fine in the history of the House? Yes, those. Gone and forgotten? No way. Newt’s like a hyena, protesting that it was a long time since he slashed at little Caroline.
“Did martial arts and yoga when I was a kid,” he says and turns and twists his balloons. “Get fit now and you’ll be fit for life.”
He’d already taken a Tylenol (Free-Range kid!), so I said, “Well, let me tell you a story,” racking my brain for the oldest diversion of all.
The Prestige is the Elite system with some added emphasis on performance. With 8GB of RAM, an i5 quad core processor, and 2TB of Hard drive and a 60GB SSD, this unit is everything other HTPC’s aspire to be at an aggressive price.
The Submission (Picador), now out in paperback, was named one of NPR’s 10 Best Novels of 2011. Set 10 years after 9/11, Amy Waldman‘s piercing and resonant debut offers a kaleidoscopic reimagining of the aftermath, a striking portrait of a fractured city striving to make itself whole.
I also found this sweet little crystal cup (hard to get a photo of):
Hello Solidarity in Action commmunity,
There is even a general consensus on what radical unschooling is, and that is giving children the freedom over academic choices, plus extending that freedom of choice to all other aspects of life: food choices, bedtimes, TV and computer usage...
Dear More Experienced Card Bloggers,
Have you ever been so busy that you forgot something like an anniversary? Your own birthday? A daily shower? Well, that's me lately. But what I forgot, thankfully, is somewhat more forgivable. And that occasion, was my blogoversary.
OG: "I wish I slept by the window in this room, like I did in my old room."
The flame had suddenly turned from the blue of a carbon monoxide flame to the bright yellow-orange, so well known as the flame-test color of sodium or its compounds.
about 3 months ago, after all of the christmas decorations were down, i noticed that i needed some real, live green things in my house. when i comes to plants, i am no snob. if i can't find it at ikea or home depot, it doesn't live at my house.
its hard as the drop rate of this letters are low but they drop from all monsters!( no idea do it drop at sg and m’sia maps) and u will get a devil scroll and u can exchange it for a magic box by trading 50 charms of undead to a npc which is left portal of kerning city
And then I’m choking!
Step 4: Press again
Belinda :)
(P.S. If you know of anyone considering placing her baby for adoption, please refer her our way. Our adoption blog is www.ourcircleisntcomplete.blogspot.com.)
“It (the SLED review) only looked at five trips that zeroed in on Chapur,” Thomas said. “It did not look at the mass of trips and the issue that is in front of the committee, which is was there any misappropriation of state funds on non-state-related business.”
Se Na became a trouble kid when they all started to live together – shoplifting and blaming her mistakes to Park Ha. One time, she shoplifts and hides it all in Park Ha’s bag but their father saw her which she was punished for. One day, she leaves Park Ha sleeping at the back of a truck while she buys milk. When she comes back, the driver of the truck started the engine – not knowing that there is someone – Park Ha – at the back of his truck.
As I mentioned in my last Pre Code post, there certainly was a lot of nastiness to be found. Thanks to the Internet, we can all now view these old comics and see that they were, in fact, pretty damn graphic. The irony, however, is that Seduction of the Innocent was so poorly researched, that much of its content was simply made up!
Prayers For Black Women: Coffee With God
"She IS cleaning, Mom," Mercy still standing at my side confirmed. I looked down at her, puzzled. If Liberty was cleaning, then what was the tattling all about?
Conor's work has been published in the Wall Street Journal, Sydney Morning Herald, The Age, Newcastle Herald, The Big Issue, Grazia, Foto8 and ABC online among others.
~That's the way I've found it goes with horses. They always get worse before they get better. My hope is that Cookie's behavior today under saddle is a good example of "lesson four" and that things will get better as far as her saddle-carrying behavior goes. At any rate, progress is progress. I didn't have a camera with me when she was acting like a fool with just the saddle on her...I did get some footage of her behavior after I added some tiny leather straps to the saddle. Cookie's getting far better at letting me flop/rub/throw weird objects onto her...but the fact that the saddle had these straps flapping in the wind kind of threw her for a loop, I guess. Oh well...Work is work when it comes to horses...they're always learning something.
Boxed desserts:
Red bag, swoon! I'm sure you'll notice how riding boots are the shoe of the season.
I hope you have all had a wonderful day and enjoyed yourselves as much as I did! Merry Christmas! (No need to stop celebrating, I especially like this time of year because it is acceptable to keep eating and being merry all until New Year's.)
It’s a message that couldn’t come at a better time, as false equivalency was on blaring display after Tuesday’s primary election in Pennsylvania. Two Democratic incumbents, both members of the moderate (but dwindling) Blue Dog coalition, were ousted by more liberal challengers. The Times reports that newcomer Matt Cartwright, who beat ten-term Representative Tim Holden, “made Mr. Holden’s vote against President Obama’s health care law a major issue in the newly redrawn 17th District.” Holden encountered something of a perfect storm; not only had a recent redistricting left him with a more liberal constituency — a previously Republican-majority district was transformed into one in which Democrats had a 24-percentage-point edge — but his opponent received substantial financial backing from left-wing advocacy groups like MoveOn.org and the League of Conservation Voters. Cartwright ran as a ” an old-school Roosevelt Democrat” and argued that Holden was too conservative for voters. The other pivotal Pennsylvania race also turned on redrawn Congressional lines, as a merger of two districts forced a pair of relatively popular Democrats to run against each other. Jason Altmire, a Blue Dog who voted against health care reform, suffered a similar defeat at the hands of Mark Critz, who benefited from strong labor-union support and an endorsement from Bill Clinton.
Kate Williams, historian and novelist, was the final speaker and she shared her personal experiences in the last key note address of the weekend. Not many people can have a week that consists of chatting to Jeremy Paxman about economic contraction on Newsnight on one evening, and then a day or so later talking about the origins of Battenberg cake.
Judgment: It’s still a fun ride, but its lost its luster.
First, I have been cleaning up my inks, pens and misc wall. Next week I'll tackle paints and mediums.
It is no wonder Mayor Bloomberg— on the eve of the expiration of the SAIC contract— rightfully saw fit to demand a $600 million refund from SAIC on behalf of the City of New York! In fact, today SAIC announced it would return $500.4 million in restitution and penalties in relation to Citytime. The settlement also requires that the United States District Attorney’s Office appoint an independent monitor for three years to review SAIC policies and practices.
More later, but for now a couple of videos to show the difference. First up is a recording from 1971 of Buddy Rich's band playing "Straight no chaser" which could have come from the 1950s
Sure, a handful of countries have legalized gay marriage. A handful of jurisdictions have laws protecting gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered citizens. However, as a whole, the world shuns homosexuality, bisexuality, transidentities – basically anything besides heterosexuality and cisgendered identities.
The act of creating anything is a spiritual act. Our grandmothers instinctively knew this because this is how they spent their days - they made bread, the made sweaters, they made friends with their neighbors, they made a life with what they had.
At 9 weeks I had my first appointment with my obstetrician only to find out that I had a UTI (Urinary Tract Infection) that had been left untreated for 3 weeks and was put on antibiotics. I was also told that it can be quite risky to get a UTI in early pregnancy.. which was just what I needed.. something else to worry about! Tom and I kept saying "why can't we just have a normal pregnancy like everyone else?"
So much of our time is spent in front of a computer screen, playing video games, watching TV, or working in a cubicle, and for those who live in some cities, it is often (but not always) impossible to experience the natural world. Yet, as if none of this matters, when a child touches the dirt, chases a butterfly, picks a dandelion, or watches a bird flap around in a tree, her eyes light up – she understands, though in much a transcendental manner, beyond the scope of anything she could possibly comprehend, the fundamental virtue and “rightness” in this interaction with the natural world. When a young boy (this was yours truly) realizes that food comes from plants, and a whole new world opens in front of him, in which “the Outside” means so much more than it did before, something subtle changes in his psyche – one might say, the ball starts a steady roll.
The tutorials will come to you in a PDF file via e-mail.
You can find the complete recipe and story, along with additional photos, after the jump. You can view more of Emma’s lovely work on her Web site, right here. Thanks, Emma!
And if you rearrange the letters in "Tea Party Republicans", and add just a few more letters, it spells: "Shut-up, you free-loading, progress-blocking, benefit-grabbing, homophobic, resource-sucking, racist, hypocritical jerks, and face the fact that you nearly capsized the country under Bush."
Harry is a 19-year-old British student who plans to travel across Australia, Thailand and South Africa this season…with a GPS tracking device called the “Traakit” in his pocket. The Traakit will let his mom pinpoint his location to within 15 feet and see him as a dolt…excuse me, dot on a map. For geeks, let me explain that the system seems to use co-ordinates from four satellite readings, which get fed into a computer program that also allows his mom to phone or text him no matter where he wanders.
Slight chance of showers: Build an ark.
2. A man who was my supervisor at a job when I was nineteen, who'd repeatedly asked me out, and was repeatedly turned down. In the dream, he was mistakenly introduced as my husband. I DON'T THINK SO.
My final four (and no I'm not looking for a date):
“Mujahideen fighters worldwide, I promise you that the unification is a sign of the return of the Islamic caliphate worldwide,” Rage added.
Didn't have a driver's license when she received driving lessons for The Fast and the Furious (2001).
know the look of things
ARTIST RECEPTION: Saturday August 4th, 7pm – 11pm (free)
snack: the peanuts and M&M's
We shall meet to part, no, never,
For this light momentary affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of glory beyond all comparison…(2 Corinthians 4:17, ESV).
1 bleedin'
Two years ago we had the wall paper stripped and painted the walls a nice neutral color and replaced the pulls on the cabinets. This was meant to get me through until the kitchen facelift rose to the top of the “financial priorities” list.
Anna: “I don’t know!”
As an exclusive discount for all readers of The Bridal WishList, you can save 15% off all favors at Wedding Favors. Use coupon code BWList on orders over $49 and save!
Stafford won a breach-of-contract lawsuit against her former record label in the early 1990s, which won her the rights to all of her old recordings, including the Jonathan and Darlene recordings. Following the lawsuit, Stafford, along with son Tim, reactivated the Corinthian Records label, which began life as a religious label, that the devout Paul Weston had started. With Paul Weston’s help, she compiled a pair of Best of Jonathan and Darlene albums, which were released in 1993.
˙ǝsɹnoɔ ɟo `ƃuıpǝǝlq ʇɹɐʇs noʎ :ɐ
Mixed Dairy farm, South Molton in North Devon
During the First and Second World Wars, South African soldiers fought for the British, French and American causes, but when South Africa came under attack these same countries turned a blind eye and sided with Soviet supported terrorists, granting vast financial aid to the Marxist revolutionaries who were murdering the citizens of South Africa. Stories of the Border War as well as various accounts of betrayal and deceit have been well documented, but few online publications have given such a brilliant condensed report of the betrayal as the article called, "The Battle for South Africa” compiled by Dr Peter Hammond. Do yourself a favour and read this short and excellent essay.
1/2 tsp natural almond flavor
The ORIGINAL Sun Ancon/Sun Harmony Chi Machine® Increases your Oxygen, Energy & Circulation in 5 Minutes
The nose is fresh and clean with lemon, grapefruit and some apple notes.
Framing lovely dark eyes,
The Church I attended back in 2000-whatever had just installed a new organ with a chamade. The chamade are horns that extend out over the organ instead of up to the ceiling. I want to call these trompette-en-chamade but I’m not 100% certain that’s what they are, but my guess is that’s what they are. Truly impressive. Unfortunately, the person who knew how to play them left that congregation and now they sit unused because the minister didn’t hire a real organist.
After trips to Europe and Hawaii, we decided to take this year off from a long family vacation. We have made lots of short trips and even fit in a trip to see our fellow Sweet Peas (families who were waiting to adopt at the same time) at a reunion in Seattle Washington in October. We even snuck in a visit to see Chris, our previous exchange student, who is now a Junior in college.
While publishing a response to it on HP would seem to be the logical step, I also understand that it would further anger the blog's "constituency," which does not appear to enjoy dissent very much. I don't expect HP's editors to commit blogospherical suicide for the sake of balance. Therefore, I'm responding to Brett here on my blog.
About RK Motors Charlotte
Pastor Maldonado: It’s an unbelievable feeling winning my first race. The car felt really consistent, was fantastic to drive and our pace was strong throughout. Alonso was chasing me hard but we looked after our tyres well and I managed to open the gap towards the end. The team has worked so hard all year and this win is for them. To be the first Venezuelan to win a Formula One race is a big honour and hopefully I will win more races in the future.
I've missed posting here. I've had so much that I have wanted to write about, but somehow couldn't find the time or the enthusiasm to just type it out. I've been deeply contemplating this blog- what I want from it personaly and what it is important for me to say here. I've considered closing it altogether and heading off somewhere else. Somtimes I feel like there is a different direction I want to take my blogging path and I'm not sure Gypsea Tree is the place. I don't know yet... For the most part I have decided to try and put in a very concerted effort here for the next few weeks and see how it all works out.
I’m sharing because had she simply sent me a query letter with this same info, I would have asked for sample pages and now I’m going to share the ‘why’ of it with you.
- fitted, but slightly loose v-neck t-shirt that doesn’t blatantly show cleavage, unless you’re looking from the proper angle
Here are three newly published books, which need suitably qualified reviewers for JIPLP. If you would like to review one, please email Sarah Harris at sarah.harris@oup.com by not later than Thursday 15 December and let her know why you think you should be the reviewer.
I top this bread with my familiar cream cheese frosting: a dollop of cream cheese, a dash of vanilla, a mound of powdered sugar, and a dribble of milk, all whisked together with a few shakes of pumpkin pie spice.
Trudging ever onward, looking better daily... until I make another mistake. Then it all comes back with avengence! I do feel like I am eating to live and not living to eat. Plain brown rice and salt can be pretty drab. However, now that I can have wheat again, I am gaining a new found motivation to find recipes that incorperate things I can have. I have made lots and lots of muffins (know any good wheat flour/brown sugar recipes?).
A pace workout is designed to help your body learn to run at your marathon goal pace or slightly faster. It is not an all-out effort.
Please keep your eyes out everyone and be vigilant for your children and yourselves as well. If you see anything suspicious then report it ASAP. These people need arresting quickly before someone is harmed or worse.
Brewed: 04-26-2009
Do you take them along because you think it will be a fun bonding time for you two; a time for you to talk and interact and enjoy each other's company while looking for the perfect shoes? Men don't think this is fun! Know how men shop? They realize they need underwear when the elastic breaks on their last pair which has so many holes and skidmarks, it looks more like a dirty doily than underwear, so they run to the store, walk in past everything and everyone straight to the underwear section. They don't notice anything they pass; they're on a mission to get underwear. They grab a package with little attention to the brand, price, or even size and proceed to the nearest check-out. Ta Da. Done.
Time to pregnancy as a measure of interference with the endocrine system useful tool to detect early reproductive effects
Leaves: Martha Stewart Punch
This show must be on the list. I've probably seen every episode of this show at least 10 times. I think I was still watching this show occasionally on syndication up until a couple of years ago (you can probably still find episodes on several stations, every now and then). I think the reason I liked this show so much is because the kids in the show were pretty much the exact same age as I was. Sure, the situations were ridiculous. Sure, the characters were stereotypes and completely unbelievable. But none of that mattered, it was funny, dramatic, sometimes witty, sometimes heartwarming, and always entertaining.
You will need a static IP address – that is, the IP address your internet service provider assigns to your connection needs to stay the same. If you don’t have a static IP, as long as you leave your modem/router permanently swiched on your IP shouldn’t change.
Award-winning author Antonia Michaelis moves in a bold new direction with her latest novel: a dark, haunting, contemporary story that is part mystery, part romance, and part melodrama.
“There are not enough jobs for everyone.” -Demming, NM—Terminal Truck Stop
1 worried
She decorates with Stripes, not to mention wearing them well.
major points for being thoughtful, creative and healthy. you done good boy.
I hang out with people have never been based on their background or nationality or even race. Currently, I am international student who is studying in the UK, and I really hate it when students hanging out with the others just because of they are having the same race, same nationality, or just because having the same languages as their 1st language. I have seem students who only hang out with people from their same country, for me it is not right to do so. If I hang out with a person, it will be 1st depending on their characteristics, whether are they friendly or not? If they are not friendly with you, why bother hanging out with them?? I am from Malaysia and I always hanging out with friends from different places such as Britain, Khazakstan, France, Thailand, Mauritius, Kenya, US, China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Vietnam and etc.
Mr Rudd, a new Weibo user, told one of his online followers, writing in Chinese, that he “will try to approach the police and department of education”on behalf of the victims.
Here are images for today:
Psychiatrist, of Boston who vegetarianized the cafeteria at a Boston hospital, Lemmuel Shattuck Hospital
World Court of Women on War as Crime (WTI-Mumbai)
Welcome, Juliana!
492000 Couriers & messengers
Add cabbage, tossing and coating well.
just a breath of air to know we succeeded?
“I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.” ~Groucho Marx
The Inner Ear/Dischord relationship proved to be hugely important and has a lot to do with the early Dischord sound. At the time, Inner Ear was a 4-track setup, located in Don's basement. Don was notable in the scene because he had recorded the amazing BAD BRAINS sessions that all of us had bad-sounding, much played cassettes of (Later to emerge in the mid 90s as 'Black Dots' on Carolina Records. Worth checking out). The band I was in, SOA, and Ian and Jeff's new band, MINOR THREAT, recorded at Inner Ear in 1981 and the results were Dischord Nos. 2 and 3.
mention Allah’s Name; cover your containers and utensils and mention Allah’s Name. Cover them
Randy’s complete Blue Cheer output, consisting of Side Two of 1969’s New! Improved! (three Holden-composed and sung tracks totaling fourteen minutes forty-two seconds), is, ironically, his best-known work. Suffice to say that Holden’s inclination toward heaviness is well matched by Cheer rhythm section Dickie Peterson and Paul Whaley. Drummer Whaley in particular has never sounded better. If Blue Cheer had continued in this vein, they wouldn’t have ended their career playing their first two albums exclusively on the live circuit. Instead, they opted for the prevailing California Mellow approach on the remaining other half (!) of the LP, and future recordings. Randy, meanwhile, just got heavier.
The overhead lighting casts a warm glow, giving those of us with naturally fair hair a gingery hue.
Been a while since I posted on my Embossing Extravaganza, I apologize for that. Today I'm revisiting a technique a friend of mine taught me a few years ago (thank you Chris!) called Scratch and Sniff. When she showed me it was with clear embossing powder, but I wanted to try something different.
Guns were used in 4,120 robberies last year — a 10% jump — including a 9% rise to 1,439 in the number of street robberies where guns were used.
But some contracts, like the one on the back of your ticket in the parking lot, just aren't worth the paper they're printed on.
Zombies on the other hand can be seen as manifestations of the id. Zombies are dim-witted, staggering louts, poor conversationalists. They are anonymous, remorseless, endless in number, viral. They are all about self-gratification, excess, engorgement, acquisition of more. And oddly, any organized authority is unable to stop them. Zombies are only defeated by a rag tag band of individuals teaming up together to wipe our their scourge - one gore-spattered shotgun blast at a time. What better Zombie movie has there ever been than George Romero's Dawn of the Dead where a shopping mall is the common ground. Zombies frantically search for food in a lusty frenzy while the living are holed up, determined to cling to their last outpost of humanity? A cinematic Zombie timeline is here.
6. DON’T forget that I’m just a person. A person who loves books. (This one makes me want to break out into Barbra Streisand’s People, people who need people (which, how could you possibly be intimidated by me after I just admitted that??))
A fictional story about a father making an emotional decision to separate his healthy new born son from his twin, a sister with Down's syndrome, during a time when the word “retarded” was used frequently and a hope for a better life for her was unthought-of. This one decision creates a whirlwind of heartache, as the man lives with his secret until the day he dies. The nurse who was a witness to the night his twins were born, was asked to take the daughter to an institution, she left and never returned, keeping the baby.
If you’ve been successful in changing a site, but Google is still showing the older version, you can use Google’s URL Removal Tool to accelerate the process. Note that this will require a Google account, and that if you get Google to change, you’re going to have to submit requests to other major search engines like Bing separately.
So remember, if you speak to someone and they seem distracted or even aloof do not take personally. It may simply be that they are already deeply in gauged in conversation, even if they are sitting quietly alone.
^ = Film that I consider a favorite of what I've seen so far in 2010.
Vaslav
In the world of publishing, mes auteurs, there are a lot of terms to know. As our digital overlords begin to claim more and more of this territory for themselves, I think an e-update of sorts is in order.
8. Methods to help in non-medicated births - I wanted a natural birth and I started out that way - I just dropped the ball on looking for options to manage my pain holistically. Another link to a Natural Parents Network page for Preparing for Pregnancy, Birth and Parenting
What I will say is that We Bought a Zoo has to be the worst case of botched directing I’ve seen in a long time. The actors were good enough to rise above a wretched script, but apparently the director wasn’t.
I guess, as a social media researcher, the finding that online word-of-mouth recommendations and reviews are so highly regarded should be the most interesting aspect of this study because it adds weight to what I do.
The Hangover
MC:
Team anna please remember we the people of India need activists like you, let few cynics criticize, let the corrupt spread rumors and provoke. Don’t get provoked.
7:45 PM: Look at the stars
965 **D-IV/12/1987. “Jesus and the Lord’s Prayer.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois (Palm Sunday). (Incorporated in Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 700-19.) See Item C-2000(3), above.
I am just gonna wheel on over
but for the longest time i couldn’t bear the thought of not being able to do something.
Community-based organization (CBO) pre-kindergarten programs have no specific application deadline. If parents would like to apply to CBO programs, deliver the CBO application directly to each CBO site to which you would like to apply.
“I am sorry for your loss. May the Light be with her soul,” Brulee said. The words stung at Creme. How many times had she heard those words, or at least similar ones, coming from the Paladins, the Priests, the guards, in passing, not really caring.
We knew we could drill to holes toward the top of the earring and attach a chain, bead strand or other necklace component, but we were worried that drilling holes would result in the pendant hanging oddly.
Increased remarkable delicacy from Yogyakarta. Unaffected is satay false from freshwater “Bulus” ( softshell turtle ). Sensible is served obscure sliced fresh shallots ( mini vermeil onion ), pepper, and saccharine soy dressing. Neighboring satay, Bulus meat is besides served supremacy array or Tongseng ( Javanese style spicy - cloying variety ).
Chapter 2: Writing your First Composite
Since that time, I could take any taste-filled object and pick out the various flavours and notes within. Whether it be a delectable fruit-filled scone, a scrumptious savory biscuit, or a super-sweet finagrin pill, I can determine the ingredients and the effects that it will have on my taste buds.
The earliest source to mention Babylon may be a dated tablet of the reign of Sargon of Akkad. The so-called "Weidner Chronicle" states that it was Sargon himself who built Babylon. Source
It’s a red-blooded embrace that wrap your partner up in the fullness of your love. To perform it grab your partner like a bad ass and unlucky hunter. Now squeeze, tigher. Did you feel that virtibrate crack? now you have loved them enough. Let them slump to the sopa gently.
-1 onion, diced
- The focus on puzzles and leaping between time periods makes for a nicely cerebral Game Boy Color adventure game!
Dressing Mink in little girl clothes was also a nice touch, as it causes your aroused state to doubt itself every time she'd stomp into the room. Anyway, Taffy Davenport is hands down the coolest movie character ever to be filmed rubbing Ketchup all over their chests while pretending to be in a car accident on a garbage dump-quality chesterfield.
I know what I need to do.
The new edition of Psyclone is out now. To facilitate deeper reader interactivity, this edition includes footnote numbers throughout the body text that actively link to the relevant entry in the appendix. This allows readers to move smoothly between the two and fully take advantage of the reference resource potential of the book, as was originally intended.
ART DIRECTION
It made me "un-fancy" watching that stuff.
The use of such language is contrary to the values that define our school district and is also in violation of our prescribed code of conduct. We are compelled to take action in order to ensure that our student athletes fully understand that language deemed to discriminate against or demean any group has no place in school or athletic setting.
I’m going on the record as protesting. As if us parents don’t have enough to do during the holiday season, now we’re supposed to perpetuate the story of a little being who reports back if your kids lost their temper but then feels free to wreck havoc in MY house?
“Proceed in the Name of Allah (swt) and for Allah (swt) upon the Religion of Allah’s Messenger (pbuh). Do not kill the very old or a child or a woman and do not press heavily by exceeding the limits. Collect the (war) booty, reconcile, and do good as Allah loves the good-doers.”
Use this activity with a link school. The children describe a monster and send the description to their pen friend.
As I thought ugly thoughts in my rattled little head, something else crept in.... advice I heard a long time ago.
This was what I saw last week in the bushes in front of our house.
The Lord Lieutenant is apart from local politics in the County and is interested in all aspects of life - voluntary and business, statutory and social and cultural. This office could be expanded into a Royal representative to appoint local authorities with responsibility for maintaining the continuity of local areas and communities.
On the other hand, as you may have heard, pretty much all of Texas is literally on fire right now. We've been lucky here in our neighborhood so far, but there have been fires in every direction from where I live, some of them within 10 miles of my house and less than 2 miles from my parents' house. Like many suburbs in Texas, the neighborhoods on our end of town are surrounded by open ranch land for the most part, all of it fried a crispy brown from the heat and lack of rain (have I mentioned LESS THAN THREE INCHES ALL YEAR? and pretty much no rain at all since April?). Our recent winds and low humidity have made things so much worse, and the situation has become somewhat terrifying, if by "somewhat" you mean "a lot". It's getting so I have to talk myself through driving past these open, dessicated spaces the same way I have to talk myself through driving over really high bridges and overpasses. (I have phobias. Don't judge me.)
Stepping inside, the decor felt stale, a little French countryside with - in Designer's words - a hint of "Solvang". The main dining room was tightly packed with tables, with a red tapestry print curtain on the back wall loosely drawn over a floor to ceiling mirror typical seen in small hole-in-the-wall venues to make the room appear larger. A stained glass piece featuring a cottage hung on one wall - those are perhaps the main elements that made the space feel so "Solvang".
The weird part is she is totally staging the house for Christmas. All sorts of expensive decorations going up in every room. Some new…some existing. In the mean time she let the yard go to hell and the new pool pump burn out and go to hell. I have sat back and watched it happen. Now here is the thing. Even though she is screwing me I would have totally helped her in hopes she would list it and find a decent buyer. One that wants an existing renter. Since I have no guarantees, and she is chosen to ignore me I have chosen not to assist in kind. Now call me crazy, but what is the point of spending all the time , money, and effort to decorate a home all Christmas style and NOT EVEN HAVE IT LISTED YET?! Does she think she is going to attract a shit ton of holiday buyers in this economy? Now I don't know a lot about real estate, but I think it would be common sense to have it already on the market if you are planning on having Christmas events centered around listing and selling your home.
The first thing the risen Jesus did was give his apostles the power to forgive sins in his name. It was the greatest head on attack against Satan, sin, and death that the world has ever seen, or ever will see … empowered by the grace of Jesus Christ’s atoning sacrifice … and the Church continues to fight that battle, in the world today.
First Course:
She gave me a smile I could feel in my hip pocket. ~Raymond Chandler
On her debut full-length, Cal Arts composer/singer Julia Holter crafts a strange but nearly seamless blend of modern composition with quirky avant-pop. After an introductory overture that consists of industrial-electronic buzz, breathy horn whispers, a steam whistle and some operatic soloing, Holter launches into "Try To Make Yourself a Work of Art," which couches her vocals amidst clattering percussion and hammering, overtone-laden chords, before giving way to an ambient drone that leads directly into the next track. Holter adopts a number of approaches and styles throughout the album, never sitting still in any one mode for very long. The music is often abrasive and discordant, but Holter's equally capable of a serene, unearthly beauty very reminiscent of Julee Cruise's collaborations with David Lynch. She bridges these two modes with snatches of string composition, foreboding synthesizer washes, musique concrète sound collages, and anything else she can think to throw in there. Curiously, the overall effect of the album is never schizophrenic or scattered, and Holter's sudden digressions never seem out of place. This is true even of the weirdest of them, like the minimal vocoder ballad "Goddess Eyes," which sounds like a radio pop tune distilled to its skeletal essence, a basic beat over which Holter layers her voice both processed and bare, with burbling synth tones gradually accumulating around her. Later, on "So Lillies," several minutes of augmented field recordings are eventually overlaid with a throbbing motorik beat and Holter's echoing vocals, for a low-budget Krautrock approximation. Holter's all over the place on this album, but what's really remarkable is that somehow she's managed to create a cohesive statement from all these fragments of styles and approaches. [buy]
Typically, we’re dealt a miserable hand in most instances. But, are we going to sulk and continue to be depressed or do something about it? The one thing we can do is let go of our problems and negative outlook.
By liar’s lies that made the light, the Lightest love was given o’er
to have the opportunity to observe own spiritual practice if desired
Edward Steichen
I’ve never been a fan of the hatchet job. I understand that it’s an art form in itself, that it’s entertaining, and that it livens up reviews pages, often so full of lukewarm praise and a fear of criticising the person who might bury the reviewer’s own novel in a year’s time. But I try to remember that the author who wrote the book I’m reviewing is actually a person with feelings, a person who probably spent years writing the book, and I aim to be fair even in harsh criticisms (not all of the people whose books I’ve reviewed will be convinced that I manage this). From the quotes I’ve seen, Adam Mars-Jones prizewinning hatchet job largely follows my rules too, he’s just funnier than I am. The real hatchet jobs are the ones where you can see a personal or professional hostility exists, but aren’t privy to the subtext.
I’ve worked with a ton of great Canadian actors who (unfortunately) most people probably haven’t heard of.
BUCK HUNTER
Centered…
I am featuring the craft room of Mona Rae. Here is an intro from Mona.
My boss Liana tells me that pale versions of colors are ideal choices for people who are on a budget. She explains that white is often mass produced, so it is cheaper than colors which are produced based on demand. That’s why when you add white to any color, you’ll have more paint but at a cheaper cost. Why don’t people just use white paint? White paint easily reveals dirt that is accumulated through time. If you want a white house, you have to repaint more often than if you use other colors.
Adriaenssen G. De zwangere verpleegkundige op de dialyse-afdeling. Een contradictio in terminis? ORganisatie van het PAramedisch personeel der Dialyse- en Transplantatiecentra (ORPADT). Orpadt Forum J03-N01-A01; 1: 1-8.
Deck railings bring additional beauty to the deck. They provide for a safe boundary between the surface of the deck and the space beyond, so that people walking on the deck will not fall off. Deck railings distinguish between one deck and another. Railings have a major effect on the deck because they are the silhouettes of the structure. When you design a deck according to your personal style, visualize how you want your deck railing to look like.
BLITZER: The Maryland contractor who’s now
What to order from a list so long, in such tiny print it makes one think of miniatures and meticulous manuscripts? Italy sprawled out, not only geographically, but in the hills and gullies of winemaking styles. A Super-Tuscan? A carbonic natural wine? Something aged in anfora? A spit-clean Brunello? Something luscious from Paolo Bea? Well, not with the bottarga, please.
Oh, no. No, no, no. Is this woman an idiot??!! Jesus Christ, I thought. But, I said nothing. It’s rare someone has me speechless, but this time, this time, was one of those moments.
Aren't they gorgeous! They've settled in and are eating, playing and sleeping as normal.
All I can think about is the silly little but super complex worlds that I create in my writing. I have been drifting off into space, think of nothing but these worlds and the character that I have given birth to in them. And it seems to be the same story over and over and over again, I just cannot get this out of my head. I even dream about some of the horrible things that I write.
No rest for the weary. Several hours of fitful sleep later, I was off to spend the day at the hospital for an unexpected OR case. It wasn’t until Sunday when I had my first real recovery rest. Ahhhh. It was cold and rainy. We even had to turn the heater on. Dang you Boston weather! I got up late and went to bed early. It was the first day where I didn’t have to run or go in to the hospital in a long time. Amen!
The basic burgers of just egg, chicken or beef are available. Of course, we do call it the Egg Banjo in case you thought we forgot.
I went right to the bathroom, and called my birth coach upstairs just to be sure. At that moment, my spouse and my photographer got to the house. They found me standing pantsless and cursing a blue streak in the bathtub as amniotic fluid gushed down my legs. I called my midwives, and because I was early they told me to go to the Perinatal Evaluation and Treatment Unit (PETU) at their associated hospital as soon as possible.
...not on that note at all, my next class:
Your heart may ache for old pain, or stirrings in your heart are affecting you currently on some level. Many of you are feeling this quite deeply. There is a lot of emphasis on love-pain, or heart-pain. It is making me feel deeply sad and tearful connecting with it. Some people are carrying anger also associated with this. No matter what happened, or how things have turned out, how someone has treated you or made you feel, there is an acknowledgement of undying love – love that is eternal. Even those who have hurt us are still capable of loving us. They just don’t know any different, and have imperfect ways of showing it. I am getting that this is important to know in relationships. Our partner (or parent etc) can never be ‘perfect’ or exactly what we want or need of them, we have to accept them as they are, and support / deal with them one step at a time, they will learn their lessons in their own time. In the meantime, we are to concentrate on ourselves and our own processes of healing and self care.
Now to get on track with that kitchen!
In his review of the jurisprudence, he noted about Ms Blais that she
The sound of CW though, at this sort of speed, changes from dots & dashes to "in the ear and straight to the brain". Love it!
I have felt similar disquiet upon slowly waking to find my cat’s backside in my face. William needs to have a heart-to-heart (other end, William) with this puppy about couch-sharing etiquette.
4 potential
I am watching a person that I know (not closely) destroy things around her. I used to have her on Facebook. I removed her today because I cannot deal with the victim mentality anymore. Everything is everyone else's fault. She takes no blame and refuses that there are consequences for her behaviors. Her latest was about "We will stand. We will not back down. We will fight to protect those being hurt by these people." I knew right away what it was about...even as cryptic as the message may seem. She feels like a certain group of people are destroying the lives of others. She doesn't see the part she played/plays in any of it. She doesn't see the things that happen behind the scenes to correct past wrongs. She hasn't seen the price the other people have paid for the mistakes that were made and there hasn't been any public humiliation of these people, so she feels like nothing has been done. She says she is 'trying to forgive'. Except that everything out of her mouth is laced with bitterness, anger and grudge. Watching her reminds me to daily forgive people, immediately. Thankfully, this person is not a person that is even in my same town. Nor do I have to deal with her on a daily basis for any reason. So her negativity should be very easy to avoid without having her on Facebook. However, I know she is out there spreading slander about these other people. *disturbed*
The Ocean
I've seen no serious weight drop, however I've maintained my almost ten pounds for a month because when I have a ton of events, birthdays, bbq's, and special days, I've quickly grasped reality again and returned to Jenny Craig. I have to say that the weigh in part is very good for me...helps me to get a grip on Monday if the weekends been sketchy. I weigh every Thursday so that in itself has helped me immensely. I shall press on.
Just like last year, the best part of the race was beer and pancakes afterwards. Any other time that combination sounds revolting, but after a hard race it is the perfect recovery meal!
..and is interrupted by a NUN WITH A GUN!!! Evelyn shows up with a shotgun and tells Lilly to clear out. Lilly leaves but stays right outside the door, eavesdropping. She learns that Evelyn is warning Hex to leave town and that Hex and Evelyn actually know each other from before Jonah's scarring. Jonah mentions that seventeen years have gone by but Evelyn interrupts him again, saying that HER scars are not as evident, but she has them all the same.
Standing NATO Maritime Group 1 and Standing NATO Maritime Group 2 have participated in NATO operations and war games throughout the Mediterranean, have circumnavigated the African continent, sailed down the Atlantic coast of Canada and the U.S. and into the Caribbean Sea, held exercises in the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Guinea, participated in NATO drills in the Black Sea and the Baltic Sea, and planned to cross the strategic Strait of Malacca to the South China Sea in 2009.
Was Rissad really up to no good? All Rel knew for sure was that the other man had come here looking for something. It was easy to think that because Rissad's younger brother Chag had terrorised half a dozen towns on his northward rampage, Rissad had to be bad news. The Van Raighan name was tarnished with all sorts of dark rumours, but no-one really knew what Chag thought he was doing.
I have been busy painting again, this week flowers, in watercolour of course. I finished this one of tulips, called Pink Sunshine. I am almost finished another one of red tulips, but that will have to wait until next week.
The lower dimensional experience of duality and perceived separation was indeed to call for a veil of forgetfulness, but the extent to which this veil has been employed by so many on Gaia’s surface who originally came to transcend such veils has made this entire exposure process a bit more difficult, for your dark have vastly taken advantage of the fears in humanity.
Besides the obvious beauty and mystique of these large cats, I believe a large part of the desire for the cougar’s return is that it would signal the partial return of a world lost when the Europeans first chopped down the forests and extirpated most of the large predators (plus countless other species) from the East. Many outdoor-oriented Easterners feel their native ground suffers by comparison to the West. The West has desolate deserts and shimmering glaciers, towering mountains in both the Rockies and the Sierras, and vast wilderness areas full of large mammals such as grizzlies, bighorn sheep, wolves, antelope and, of course, cougars. The East, by contrast, has beautiful but smaller mountains and a fragmented wilderness populated by smaller animals such as bobcats, feral hogs and black bears. Since many Easterners naturally identify with the forests and woods where they hunt, fish, hike, camp and live, they would welcome the cougars return because it would restore a measure of grandeur to the wild areas they love so much.
If you’re a political spook and you intercept a call suggesting you’ve been rumbled (and the phone is going away for analysis) then the first priority becomes getting hold of the phone and destroying it.
SUE: "Yikes. OK."
I love Federico García Lorca’s poem “Romance Sonámbulo.” I have used it in Spanish IV class several times, but the students need a lot of scaffolding to understand it. I color code the poem so that the students can separate the narration and the dialog. I also have to give them quite a bit of vocabulary. I think I could do a better job with introducing the vocabulary before or while we read so they could get it in a contextualized way rather than my telling them in English what the words mean. I could still use this poem with the new IB format with the theme of Cultural Diversity.
As hard as a truth as this is for us to acknowledge because we must do everything we can to stay away from any types of lower energies, much density and many lower energies have been directed at us souls here in the Galactic Federation and in many other Organizations who are assisting your world at this time, due to the pace of events manifesting on your beautiful world.
Mohammadi was the deputy head of the Human Rights Defenders Centre, an NGO providing pro-bono legal services in human rights cases. The centre is currently outlawed by the Islamic Republic.
i worked a lifetime
This was quite the different what if. Since it all happens pretty quickly it's not like I spoil things. Lizzy's dad has a heart attack and Darcy offers to take her back home as she is visiting Charlotte. Here is where the story differs as he also waits with his proposal and asks her when she is back home. When she knows her dad will not get better. When the whole family's future is at stake. And she says yes. This is a story of how he loves her and she is pretty indifferent. She sees that he has hidden depths but she does not love him.
And eat..
broken jaw
18th Aggressor Squadron (F-16 Fighting Falcons) conducting a training mission near the Island of Guam in support of exercise Cope North 2012. COPE NORTH is a multilateral exercise featuring the U.S. Air Force, the Japan Air Self Defense Force, and the Royal Australian Air Force designed to enhance air operations in the Pacific Region.
I get so very frustrated when fathers rights are treated like a game of cat and mouse. The child is now 18 months old so I certainly hope this is settled very quick. It is time for people in adoption to stop playing games like this. If the father wants to parent it was his right to parent from the beginning. I am sorry people think/thought otherwise.
STUDIO: Fox Searchlight
Well here is to hoping for a much better, backed up and saved 2012 :)
May 24: A Kind of Loving (1pm), followed by talk on British New Wave (Brambles)
Downloading is quite possibly one of the most fundamental functions of the internet. The ability to tap into a vast database of information with the push of a button is indeed a convenience, but being able to take from that source and utilise it without the need for a connection makes things just a little more simple.
He, meanwhile, acted as the voice of reason and told me several horror-stories of people not being able to sleep because of the excruciating pain caused by braces, and getting bankrupt because of the costs. So a few days later, I went to my dentist again for a consultation. To my delight, I was told that my insurance would cover it all, and that it wouldn’t be too painful to wear. Reassured, I asked again what this “Schiene” would do. What I heard the lady say this time was that it would help draw my teeth out a bit. Oooohhh. So not straightening, after all. But how does this dentist know of my secret complex which involves smiling modestly because I think my lower teeth are much shorter than my upper ones? I will now get evenly sized teeth! Life is good.
In other news, this will be my last post for a while. I'm descending back into blog hiatus status, to my chagrin. Just a couple more months of worrying about college ... gah ...
Here's the list so far:
My North & South has a much more appealing male lead — Richard Armitage, who’s being celebrated at the center of this FanstRAvaganza — I mean, nothing against Swayze, but Armitage leaps off the screen in this, his breakout role.
The one big change in the syllabus is that I'm replacing Petals of Blood with The River Between. There was really no choice; A Sentimental Education and Burger's Daughter are both pretty long and complex, so following them with the long complexities of Petals of Blood was just too much for the students, though they gave it a good shot. I should probably just do a whole course of those three books, but I like having a couple shorter books in there, too. So Petals of Blood had to go. River Between is fine, but it's simpler and not as perfect for our theme of "revolution", so I'm definitely disappointed. If the term were even just one week longer, we'd still be able to fit Petals of Blood in, but I just couldn't make it work with the current schedule. We may not even get to do River Between — just last week, the campus bookstore let me know they can't get copies from their distributor because the book is effectively out of print. It's still perfectly available via Amazon, Barnes & Noble, etc., so I'm going to see if the students are willing to order copies themselves (if they haven't done so already). If not, we'll have to drop it.
It is prohibited to pile, store or dispose any industrial solid waste in any place of origin of agricultural products. Where industrial solid waste is piled, stored or disposed around any place of origin of agricultural products, effective measures shall be taken to prevent any damage to the safety of place of origin of agricultural products.
Big love to X that took out the spider from the bathroom before I took a shower yesterday ♥
The allergist feels like his symptoms are presenting like a food allergy. Since we know he is not being exposed to nuts, it is likely another source.
But the management of NFCorp has maintained that the credit card expenses were solely for business purposes.
The Omen (C, 1976) C'mon, I don't really have to review The Omen, do I? This is a full-blown classic, the horror film as an A-picture. Ambassador to Great Britain Gregory Peck accepts a substitute baby when wife Lee Remick’s baby is born dead. When young Damien reaches age five they start noticing some strange things; he’s terrified of churches, animals hate him (other than a malevolent rottweiler that guards him), and people die in mysterious ways around him (including a classic impalement and maybe the best-decapitation-ever). Peck gets warned that the boy is the AntiChrist, and he starts believing it and getting ready to do something about it. Very well-made horror that’s become one of the cornerstones of the genre, and part of the American idiom; people know this movie even if they haven’t seen it.
All Instruments, Vocals
In addition to losing the Cf-18s and ADATS the Conservatives are pulling out of the NATO Airborne Warning And Control Systems AWACS. We spent a fortune to provide the NATO alliance with these flying radar/ fighter control platforms and we are walking away from our investment. These are the aircraft that patrolled North American airspace after September 11th 2001. These are the primary means to identify a threat entering Canadian airspace.
Our sons are just ten days apart in age and so I imagine we’re going through some of the same experiences. How are you addressing questions about his adoption and Ms. J?
We do this because of the valuation we’ve given to human applause or criticism. And it trips us up. As the Proverb says, it brings a snare.
I know... I KNOW.
Once we had dealt with the nitty gritty of the text there seemed to be so many other things to work on. Was I being given more comments than any other author in history? I wondered at one point. But then I heard some more experienced writers discussing their experiences. It made me realise my editor had a light touch compared to some. I felt considerably cheered and felt that I could really embed myself from then on in the editing process and trust that together Lucy and I could produce an even better book.
Had lawmakers known, it “could have changed the whole approach to reform legislation,” says Ted Kaufman, a former Democratic Senator from Delaware who, with Brown, introduced the bill to limit bank size.
But it is true! My primary school teacher was not wrong, she was warning us what it would be like in the future! There are a million things I want to do and I want to do them NOW, but a standard day, as it stands with it insufficient measly 24 hours does not facilitate my random need to:
Tourist Destinations Guidefor All Inclusive Vacation in India
You may recall the inept fool that he is Derek Clark, as the MEP for UKIP, turned up at a public meeting in Derbyshire (one of the few he has dared to attend) and boasted of how he had been able to defraud The EU - from a public platform!!!
The affair brought air transport in the South of England to a virtual standstill for the rest of the day, but the real culprit is the single runway at Gatwick, it’s heavily burdened at the best of times and ATC perform miracles every day to squeeze the most out of its 12,00 feet of runway, balancing inbound and outbound flights with pinpoint accuracy.
And the day and a half with my parents was great! We often do the return trip in a day, and it can be exhausting – but we had the time to spend, and enjoyed my mom’s wonderful cooking, and played some games with them, just (mostly) relaxing. My dad’s visit to the cardiologist was encouraging, and we’re anticipating good results when he goes back for further testing. All in all, a great three days.
Other as available (venison, moose, bear, lamb, etc)
"I know this trail."
So, the moral of this story is ALWAYS USE GLOVES WHEN DEALING WITH HOT PEPPERS….or just don’t deal with them at all.
Stamps & Die cuts: 657580 Sizzix Framelit Stamp/Die set Doodle Flowers
Three nights ago, Valentine's night, I lost a very dear friend in a tragic car accident.
The festival benefits the BTA and PUMP (the mountain biking group) - every dollar you spend on beer or t-shirts benefits the BTA!
Sometimes strange things happen
I know some may be offended by that statement, but look at their "Top" universities. Georgetown: which allows Vagina Monolouges, Notre Dame: honoring President Obama with a degree, and Boston College: a students group handed out condoms within the dorms. Or how about Loyola University of Chicago: hosted its 2011 "Advocate Annual Drag Show". I could keep going, but I'd prefer to let people do their own research.
This great example is but one in a burgeoning universe of efforts that use Web connections to boost the fortunes of small and local producers and help consumers obtain the freshest food. One important trend is the establishment of businesses that distribute the fruits of local farms to individual customers via online ordering systems, like Arganica Farm Club in the mid-Atlantic, Green Bean Delivery in the Midwest, and SPUD in the Northwest. Other services, like Ecotrust’s FoodHub, currently covering the Western U.S., is specifically geared toward providing food to businesses, restaurants, and other institutions.
First off whether Guido's gone to far or not is very subjective. If he's said anything actionable and someone takes him to court over it then I'd say that objectively he's gone too far, though English libel laws being what they are even that's a little uncertain. I'm very much of the opinion that it's his rules on his blog just as it is on everyone's. He likes being a gossip monger and shit stirrer and probably doesn't think the story about Hague and Myers sharing a hotel room, and mentioning that Myers is both gay and not obviously qualified for the job, is any different from saying that a hypothetical Labour minister had been working late with his hypothetical epic-titted blonde advisor, who is known to be thick as mince. In either case you can expect Guido to go for it. For all I know he may just enjoy the gossip mongering but personally I feel the possibility that there's an affair going on is relevant only in as much as it draws attention to the nepotism, and if that's what it takes to get it into the news then that's what it takes. We know from painful experience that giving the bastards a free ride just because the government is new is not doing any favours. In 1997 we were told that sleaze and favouritism would be a thing of the past. We were told they'd be whiter than white and seen to be whiter than white. What we got was, it seemed to me, a certain reluctance to hammer them for their abuses in the early years. Do we want a repeat of that? Given that the Cobbleition have so far been the disappointment that so many expected, that in many ways they seem to be every bit as bad as the fuckpits they replaced, I'd say no.
I went shopping after work with Lesley on Friday night. We hit the local Women in Need store, then went to Dots (I had a gift card from my Winesday gals!). I got this cute top at the WIN store: It's got that nice rock & roll vibe that I like. I'm wearing a wine-coloured cami underneath it, since it's quite sheer and the neckline is on the cleavage-y side.
From 1st grade through 8th grade I brought a brown bag lunch nearly every day. The only time I would even think about getting hot lunch was when they served SpaghettiOs and for about the first week that they added a salad bar in my middle school (the novelty of eating lettuce wore off pretty quickly there). I used a lunch box for the first few weeks of school in 1st grade but after a couple of trips to the “lost and found” my mother quickly switched to brown bags. I didn’t mind this too much because my need to be responsible went way down and my lunch box had already gotten quite smelly. However, there were two points of contention
There are 24 hours in a day. That is just a fact. Wishing there were more hours does not help or solve any problems. By using an “if only” wish, the house is excused of its messiness simply because it cannot HELP being messy because of the lack of time. The individual responsible for cleaning the house uses the “if only” to make himself or herself feel better about the lack of action taking place. This does not help ANYTHING.
Key in the Mavericks’ 2011 run to the Finals was Marion’s defense on any opposing player that Coach Rick Carlisle assigned him. In the Western Conference Finals against these same Thunder, Durant averaged 28 points a game on 42.9% shooting. Marion, not known for his offensive skills, put up 18 and 26 in games 3 and 5, respectively. If Dallas wants to make a run at upsetting the Thunder, Marion is going to have to disrupt Durant during key stretches like he did last postseason. Moreover, with Tyson Chandler gone Marion will be the one spearheading this defensive attack.
Personally, I prefer the versatility of separate diapers and covers, for the same reason I prefer tops and skirt to dresses! Not only does it allow me to experiment more with what I have (maybe the cover is fine, but I don't like my liner or cloth diaper), but I can also replace just one part of the diaper system when it wears out, rather than the whole thing. Cover wears out? I still have the cloth diaper inner. Diaper elastic wears out? I can easily make a new diaper or liner, rather than worrying about how much money I have invested in a pricey AIO. With an AIO, the whole diaper is useless if one part malfunctions. After over a year of diapering (as of March 2012), I can definitely testify that being able to tweak your system is a huge bonus.
On the other hand it is true that the nature of science makes it rather prosaic. When scientists try to write for a popular readership they often spice up their accounts with quotations from poems, even if the quotes aren’t really all that appropriate. Perhaps some will turn to this collection for a source of such snippets. I know I will!
1/2 cup fat free milk
Sing to the morning light.
"We have attended to over 600 cases in Kuwadzana alone," city health director Prosper Chonzi was quoted as saying in the state-owned Herald newspaper.
Don’t over complicate your filing system. The simpler the better. Think about how you look for a particular file or piece of paper. What would be the easiest way for you to find it? Then create a file system that works for you. Don't worry about it being perfect. You can always go back and modify later.
Source + Photos: TVDaily, Nate (credit allkpop)
The Fellowship
We must be a generation united for FREEDOM for His Name’s sake.
If you asked me what the nurse needs to do for a patient actively seizing, I could tell you everything. Keep them safe, call for help, remove restrictive clothing, nothing in the mouth, put them on oxygen, time the seizure, etc...but for some reason, when the patient seized in front of me, I froze. I had no idea what to do. I honestly didn't even realize he was having a seizure until after! I called out for the doctor and within 30 seconds, there were 5 other nurses in the room, the patient had oxygen, the side rails were being padded and he was getting his first dose of Ativan through his IV. WHY DIDN'T I DO ANYTHING???
It is at times like this that staff need to pull together, act as one, but this is BA, with its history of in-fighting amongst ground staff and cabin crew, cabin crew and pilots, managers and staff, Heathrow staff and Gatwick staff – this all came to light during the strikes and threatened strikes of 2010 and 2011. While the public bickering of internet bulletin boards was often entertaining, it was also sad to see.
The hero, Kunal Khemu, finishes his MBA and lands an assignment in a Cape Town based firm which provides him a palatial accommodation and all the fancy perks. If they had indicated the name of the business school, I would have gladly gone back to get an MBA from that school! His boss is a devil in sheep’s clothing, who drills holes in the legs of employees who try to run away from him. But because Manish Chaudhury emotes so badly, he has to reveal his ugly side by delivering a dialogue like this: Do not mistake me to be a Dhokla and Khakhra eating Gujarati!
Every bar has nine TVs going at all times. Every commuter is wrapped in an iPhone-induced cocoon of digital music, chat, or games. Every couch potato is checking his Facebook page while watching American Idol. Every retail store has music playing and screens fluttering. Every sporting event is a non-stop parade of videos, promotions, and giveaways. Every movie is a hysterical spectacle of explosions, fire-breathing monsters, gunplay, and sex.
The truth is
Smallwood’s many cultural, historical, scientific and religious references are a nod to her readers’ awareness, intelligence and curiosity. They elevate the story and allow us to discover more about Lily’s world and our own.
I’ve tried to make a potion. Supposedly, the Cure for Boils is the easiest, but I haven’t even been able to finish it. First, I was doing things in the wrong order and adding things willy-nilly into my cauldron. Next, I couldn’t find my wand – you’re supposed to “wave your wand”. My brother eventually figured it was hiding behind the ingredients, almost as if they didn’t want you to find it. When it said to let your potion brew for 3 minutes and then come back, I clicked to another page on Pottermore. When I came back, I discovered that your progress on a potion is not saved; I was supposed to leave that browser window open and go to another if I continued to explore the site. I think there really needs to be some way to save your potion progress. It wouldn’t save them forever, perhaps for 6 hours, but it would be a lot better than spending 80 minutes (apparently) making one potion. You only get three House points for that potion, too. (You see, if you’re just practicing the potion, it takes three minutes, but if you’re making it for real, it takes much longer. Who has that amount of time to sit around making a hard potion that only gets you three points?!) I am no Half-Blood Prince, I discovered. Or perhaps this is his punishment for us: to make us work hard for practically no points. He’s probably laughing his head off somewhere…
She could already hear the voice of her pastor booming from the pulpit.
My father in law, Lou was a great story teller and also used this technique with his customers. He had been the owner of several jewelry stores in Brooklyn. Against his better judgment, he gave his 21 year old son a sales clerk job in one of his stores. This is how I came to know the story, because as it turned out I married his son. On a particularly difficult day, a woman entered the store near closing time. She asked to look at bracelets. She tried one on, then another and yet another. A small pile of bracelets began to accumulate on the counter top. None of them seemed to suit her. Every one that she tried on was too big, too small, too gaudy, not her style, not the right kind of stone and so on. There didn’t seem to be one that agreed with her, but neither she nor my father in law were ready to give up. After nearly an hour of trying on bracelets, she put one on her wrist and turned it a bit and admired it from various angles. In the meantime, Lou had become exasperated and was about to end the transaction and close the shop for the day. The woman turned to him and said, “This one seems to fit better than the others, why is that?” Without skipping a beat, Lou replied, “Why, that one is circumcised.” Upon hearing that, my husband who was observing the entire exchange was ready to dive under the counter and become invisible. But he didn’t, because the next words he heard were “I’ll take it!”.
2 Tbsp basil, chopped
Everyone is the hero in their own story. The villain of the book wants to wipe out mankind, but does it for the best of reasons. I wanted to present Billi with the challenge, for her to fulfil her duty may actually require her to do evil, to allow the Beast Within to win. Billi’s life is made up of impossible decisions and she inhabits a very morally grey world.
Afterwards West was hired to helm Cabin Fever 2. The experience did not go well and West attempted to Alan Smithee his name off the film, only to find, as he wasn’t a member of the DGA that he wasn’t allowed (Lionsgate opportunistically released the film after the positive hype of House Of The Devil and prominently featured West in its advertising).
“24D. Any person who, having made use of a taxi service and without reasonable excuse, fails or refuses to pay the fare as indicated on the taximeter shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $1,000 and, in the case of a second or subsequent offence, to a fine not exceeding $2,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 months or to both.”
So here they are
Sometimes I don't know what to think of the news, it is so fantastic I can only laugh-- like I do when I read, The Onion. Recently there was a lot of hoopla in the news about a couple of young women and a black magic book, The Werewolf's Guide to Life, that led them astray. Heard of it?
And everyone said,"You're much too small,"
Let's go back to the rational Jenny who is now soundly kicking the ass of emotional dark-night-of-the-soul Jenny. "Listen to me, and suck it up you sniveling pansy," she says.
But tears rolled down as hope rushed in
So far, since arriving Saturday after a unusually stressful trip (Ben pulled aside by security at Amsterdam for questioning, super strong stomach churning winds approaching DC and even more extra security questions going through customs) we've done a lot :
Paper: Lucky Limeade, So Saffron, Whisper White, Chocolate Chip, In Color DSP
Still the colonialist and patronising power, interfering in other sovereign states!! Thanks UKFCO, for permitting Israel to defend itself, though this looks likely to end with the landing of US troops on Israeli soil and UK warships in the Med.
Onion diced - 1/4 cup
The biggest chunk of peace a person gets is when they cut the ties that chain them to their past, and burn up old scripts and get in touch with their authentic selves.
On Lucy
Here are a few things to consider when buying a fountain:
Fasten off, and weave in ends.
“Nothing good gets away.” Time to heal, protect what is left, and be there for my kids.
The fact is that government's denials - or rather non-denials - suggest that we did sell sniper rifles and ammunition to Libya.
2006 Risk Accessor (5th); 2007 Naunton Brook (PU Bef 23rd), 2008 Bob Hall (PU Bef 19th)
Say what you want about BrewDog but one thing you can't accuse them of is not knowing how to put on a great night. From beer and food evenings with Masterchef champions through to brilliant beer launches and terrific tap takeovers, you can pretty much guarantee an enjoyable evening that keeps their beer punters very hoppy and very happy at any of their events.
From there we kept wandering the rural roads heading back into town slowly but surely. It ended up being a nice day - and I think we will head back to that state park when all the kids are back in school, when we can enjoy it.
around him sparkle and dance.
Unity in its truest sense can only be seen if the rights of all Malaysians are taken care of. For that matter, safeguarding the indigenous rights does not come at the expense of the legitimate interests of the minorities. It is a fundamental human right that the minorities in any nation are treated fairly. When the minorities come to realize that they are neglected in all societal sectors they are bound to have animosity against the majority. They, therefore, deserve the right to reject a government that advocates injustice and unfairness.
Stripes come in every shape, color and size you can imagine, and virtually every combination looks good somewhere. This is where the real trouble begins...too much pretty to pick from!
A military official who had been asked by the UDA officials to come to the scene had later forcefully deleted the visuals.
H: In a perfect world, the truck would drop off a different mixed sampler every day so I can try a whole bunch of new things! I’m hoping I get samplers from Founders, Bell’s, New Belgium, DuClaw, Hoppin Frog, Sweet Water, Fort Collins…basically anything that’s not local!
- Gradually accept, even demand, excessive government largesse; and then a socialistic, Marxist, communistic government.
Simon Harrington hears a woman cry and sees two footmen accost a female. He rescues Laura and takes her to a home where sisters Eva and Noelle sponsor a school to rescue courtesans. Laura fears her patron Earl of Westwick who held her prisoner for fourteen months in a locked room while torturing her; she expects him to kill her. He was selling Sabine as he called her at an auction when she escaped.
Once I have Oscar strapped in, I begin grilling him.
Lessons from Sigur Rós were that we need cool visuals. Highlights were the after-parties and playing for 8.500 people in London two nights in a row.
That’s my terminology, but here’s what the pundits are saying: Wheaties isn’t healthy enough for the Fiber One crowd, and isn’t bad enough for the Frosted Flakes crowd. That’s “no man’s land.” By not positioning itself firmly in any camp – not quite the health food, not quite the fun food – it reaches no one.
located inside the West Gardiner Service Plaza off I95.
My conclusion?
Yes God knows who is a Muslim and who is not, but does George? God also knows that the accusation against Hussain, who does not drink, is a gross libel, but gross libel is nothing set against the grossness of Galloway, a man who, as one English journalist put it, fought a campaign on the naked invocation of race and faith.
Allison Winn Scotch’s The Song Remains the Same is similar to her other books as it is an absolute page-turner-cannot-put-it-down read. And with this one, this title couldn’t be more on target. Woven throughout are the lead character’s “The Best of Nell Slatery’s” playlist and Scotch chooses these token songs brilliantly to set the tone for each chapter and pulls specific lines from each song to bring to life the point she makes in the scene.
I have found in most cases the easiest and quickest way for a man to gauge a woman’s interest is in how she responds to his flirts or playful flirty banter and eye contact. Some of the best guys know how to do this very quickly and take it from there. Whether you just met the woman or have known her this IMO is the best way to gauge interest and whether the door is open for you to move it to the next step.
to follow
the Apple store!!!! Dropped off computer at Genius Bar and ran
I sip a Bacardi and Coke and follow my friend to the table where her mates are all sitting, and one guy stands out straight away, maybe because he's 6ft 4".
Nothing will keep me from her. I can only understand too well why Roland made the choice he did. Damn the fates, because I love her and that’s all I know.
Kazakh millstone for Najib
That means no more Louisville. No more Cards-Cats rivalry. No more you. No more me. This is a new kind of Thunder Over Louisville.
hangman named Sword
I also need 'Emotional Intelligence' when the man tells me that he feels I am not doing things together with him. You know I like to do things together but you like to do things alone so you don't mind it so much. Oh yeah? I know I would have liked him to give more interest to my writings but it's always "I don't have time to read". I gave up trying eventually. Now, I am just happy if he takes a picture or two for my blog. I would also have liked it if he had shown more interest in my outing with my family instead of asking upon hindsight and sounding like he was asking just for the sake of asking. I was so excited about the dress I had bought cheap but instead, the words died on my lips because he is not really interested to know. There are more important things after all then a trivial dress. So the dress lies somewhere in a plastic bag still, unknown, unloved, undiscovered.
from Digi Darla and just adorable! Keep Reading to find out how to get in the
I made and ATE soup today.
I think it’s going to be a busy year!!
Tuesday started out okay. Until lunchtime when I started to feel pretty dodgy. By that night I knew I wasn't well when I hit my bed at 9pm without even touching my sewing machine. Then Wednesday things went downhill fast. I could barely talk, I couldn't swallow anything (even saliva) without feeling like I was swallowing razor blades, and I definitely couldn't eat. My throat and neck swelled up massively and I slept all day (thanks to my wonderful parents who looked after my boys for the day). Thursday was the same, but I still thought I'd give my body a chance to fight whatever it was.
You will definitely save lots of place you will want to be limited by the miami vacation home rental, mountains, countryside or some other services which are determined by the maryland vacation home rental. But one segment of the vacation home rental bc from the bc vacation home rental are traveling with your family of three may rent a small family or small families who want a bit you will enjoy a foreign country. This is something that people have been doing for a house swap program that will suit your needs and also fall well within your ideal price range.
In a blender combine cilantro, garlic, lime juice and water. Blend until smooth, add olive oil and salt and pepper and pulse to combine. Taste and adjust seasoning as needed.
Silver Necklace - local boutique
But Posh Spice. She would have the power of glamour, the British spelling the only appropriate way to express it. There it is, the g-word. The online dictionary defines glamor/glamour as :
O bear me safe above, a ransomed soul!
Clearly I needed tulips or my satisfaction would be shattered. Amazon couldn't deliver the goods, or at least not when I needed them. The Riedel Vitis glass turns out to be available at Macy's. Um, $40 a glass? I'm drinking $10 cava! Maybe there's something in the beer glass collection that will suit. Shuffle shuffle. What's this?
All her life my mother loved flowers and was obsessed with food. She told many stories about growing up during the war with terrifying occupation of both Russians and Germans, whole families fleeing at night time, her baby sister being killed under a pile of people squashed in, and hunger, always so very very hungry.
I can, however, also be filled with joy, and laughter and genuine helpfulness, caring and compassion for my fellow earth-dwellers.
In lieu of an actual review of an actual movie, let’s review what we have at hand – that poster in the upper left of this article.
In the past, I've given up caffeine, alcohol, fast food, and one year I even gave up the internet (that was a hard 40 days, let me tell you!).
I think it’s a sad situation when the lines between right and wrong, between acceptable behavior and unacceptable behavior, have grown so blurred that not only has good sportsmanship stopped being a reality, but that in pursuit of championships and entertainment and satisfying our blood lust, we – players and fans alike – are willing to sacrifice all sense of humaneness. Talk about selling one’s soul. Go ahead and do it, we don’t care. Just keep us entertained. What a sad state of affairs when we’ve reached that point that nothing is wrong just because everyone says it’s right.
The Good Friday Agreement of 1998, which brought an end to the Troubles as commonly understood, essentially resulted in nationalists being granted a fairer share of political power, and unionists being provided with a guarantee that a united Ireland could only be brought about with the consent of a majority of the people of Northern Ireland. This is how these two different peoples of Northern Ireland have found a way, at least for the last twelve years, of living together in relative peace. But this cannot happen in the event of a conflict between the British and their Muslim fifth column. Indeed, every single part of this compromise in the Good Friday Agreement would be meaningless at best, absurd at worst, in the context of a possible violent conflict of this nature.
Colour correction normally involves getting a closer match between all elements. There are a variety of techniques, tricks and options but a good place to start, in Photoshop at least, is with Levels, by tweaking the individual RGB channels. From there you can play with Selective Colour settings and Hue/Saturation or Colour Balance.
There must be an end to white monopoly on political power and a fundamental restructuring of our political and economic systems to ensure that the inequalities of apartheid are addressed, and our society thoroughly democratized.
One of my students, Jenny Reitz of Karma Fly Design sent this graph to me. It’s beautiful! It made me giggle. It REALLY is that simple. Don’t make life difficult! Take a look at the graph, how does it make you feel? Does your ego scream, it’s not that simple! If so, go read this blog. I hope it helps you use this graph easier. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. It’s simple “ARE YOU HAPPY?” If the answer is yes, keep doing what you are doing, if the answer is no and you want to be happy, change something!
In this case, my friend was on hols so I didn't get the dimensions of the e-reader till she returned. Then she sent me the model - Sony e-Reader PRS T-1. All Greek to me, but at least I could go on Amazon and get the dimensions - 11x17.3x0.9cm. (How precise is that - 0.9? Couldn't they just round it off at 1cm? I think it must be mind games like 99c sounding better value than 1 Euro - 1cm must be soooo much fatter than 0.9cm!)
Below is our upcoming schedule for the next several Sundays at the Coffee Haven in Long Beach. If you are a dancer interested in performing at an upcoming showcase, please check out the schedule below for open dates and then email us at
Good afternoon to you all!
Imagine a person who is, by some unlikely mechanism necessitated by this thought experiment, unaware of any religion. This person – let’s call him Jeff – has never stopped even to consider the notion of a god before, and is a naive, impressionable, good-natured sort of chap. One day, Jeff is suddenly and simultaneously set upon and evangelised to by two different religious fanatics.
It is very British playwriting biased, and within that, biased towards playwrights Lisa Goldman (former artistic director of the Soho Theatre) has worked with, so she’s following one rule herself ‘write what you know’. But that’s OK because she has worked with some brilliant writers. The quotes from Philip Ridley and Anthony Neilson are particularly interesting and inspiring. I’d love to read a book by either of them on their writing processes.
A hand selected curation of Austin’s finest pre-owned cowboy boots.
Taking the day off from work and spending the entire day at the mall of America going on rides and spending time with Lily. Watching her laugh and saying "I'm so excited" when i told her that I could go on the balloon ride with her.
As part of my rallying effort I had asked the kindergarten teacher at the time to meet with prospective parents. This lady, a thirty year veteran teacher, spoke about assessing each child's needs and grouping the children according to ability to ensure all children progressed, rather than teaching to the lowest common denominator. This gets called "supporting differentiated learning" here, and apparently it isn't philosophically supported by all schools. The teacher we met with retired over the summer though, and the teacher of this years K class is new.
So, Do you think you are a Social Media Addict!!! Are we all getting too dependent on Social Media that we have actually almost stopped interacting or meeting human beings for real! For some of us, including me it was really difficult to disagree to the above point, but it’s a fact. Social networks have changed the ways we interact with each other enormously. We most often end up spending more time sharing at our computer screens that actually getting up and having a short chat with our colleagues, friends, professionals etc. The concept of meeting people has changed completely over the period of time.
Pondok Indah Mall 2 Area 51 - Level 2
Begin with this thought: Reconciliation rarely occurs without sacrifice. By giving his one and only Son, God took the initiative in healing our broken relationship with him. He made the supreme sacrifice for us that we might be reconciled to him. Jesus’ death was the sacrifice for your sins, yet he lives. His death makes it possible for you to be saved, to be reconciled to God, to fix the broken tie that sin caused between you and God.
Imtithal: It’s the magic of having a common goal.
So here are the finished holders... only took me 3 or 4 hours, so not bad going!
Two weeks ago, I got my list of interview questions for the documentary, Shamed. There was one question on there that was so good, I hope they ask me, but even if they don’t, I want to answer it here.
Here’s something that will rule out P90X for a lot of people: it takes a LOT of time. If you follow the program strictly, here’s what a typical week would look like…
The Wolfman Panel is located just one mile up the Butler Wash Rd (Co Rd 262) and is the first of many sites along the road. Double Stack Ruin, Procession Panel, Fishmouth Cave, and several other sites are also located farther down the road, so it’s possible to visit several sites in the same day. Of all the sites, the Wolfman Panel has the shortest hike and is by far the easiest to access. If you have time for nothing else, at least stop at the Wolfman Panel- it’s only about a 1/2 mile hike round-trip and it’s WELL worth it!
Therefore, through all your efforts, dedicated to that, taking support of that, adore that master of the Universe (vis’vEs’a), and then you will attain moksha.”
I rode Cole in the outdoor arena, and I am very happy to report that the “big trot” is back. He was more consistent, and when he lost it, I was able to get him back with very little trouble. I think I figured out the problem—the saddle was a little too far forward (maybe a half inch) and that may have been inhibiting his shoulder movement. I should have known better, (I have a section on it in my book with a lovely diagram) and I’m not sure why I had been saddling him that way, but for the last few weeks, I haven’t been able to get the girth as tight, either, which I didn’t understand because he hasn’t gained any weight. It can’t be coincidence. I got a reminder from reading one of the blogs I follow, and the light bulb went off in my head. I was thinking it was a saddle problem, but he wasn’t showing any signs of soreness. He just didn’t want to stride out with his shoulders inhibited.
Heitman said the 70mm rocket launcher, as described in the table, baffled him.
This request was refused by the High Court. From time to time the Court gets annoyed about the way cases can drag on through the appeal process. In Gordon v HMA [2009] HCJAC 52, for example, Lord Carloway commented on the growing number of cases where there were delays, and he noted that “The procedure is not concerned with considering the prospects, remote or likely, of an appellant seeking to amend his grounds of appeal in the fullness of time. “
CFR Director Charlene Barshefsky was trained at the Catholic
Later yesterday afternoon I went up to shear two yearling East Friesians, a ewe and a wether. These two were pretty quick and easy to shear and trim hooves, all they did was stand there! Sorry, I didn’t get a chance to get pictures. The ewe was bred to one of my rams quite late in the season, and is due to lamb late this month/early next month. Those will be some cute lambs!
Year Of Release: 2008
We were late last night because I went with SH to a political thingie in the interests of marital harmony and it wasn't horrible because there was food - fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and green beans cooked with spices.
4. Smoking and talking on your phone means you aren’t paying attention to the road, @$$hole! I almost had a close encounter with an idiot of the third kind, thankful in no small part to his failure as a multi-tasker behind the wheel. Some people need to spend more time with their eyes on the road, and less time chatting on their phones. The only question I have is whether he’ll eventually eliminate himself from the gene pool via a car accident or lung cancer.
your pure self
Despite the rip-off effect, we managed to have a very nice day at the zoo. The weather was mild, Anna was relatively well-behaved – it was a good day. I did realize, however, that she is impatient just like me. We’d see an animal, and before I could tell her a little about it, she’d say, “More animals, mommy!” No dilly dallying with Anna!
It's colder than a witch's tit here in the centre of Canada. The whole of the Prairies is under a huge icy cold air mass flowing down from the Arctic. It is -28C right now and the wind has died down to nothing so there is no wind chill value to report. Earlier it was -38C with the slight breeze that was blowing and for those who live in Fahrenheit Land, that is almost identical... -40 is the meeting point for C and F. Up in the northern part of the province, they've had wind chill values of -50C. Exposed flesh will freeze in 2 - 5 minutes at that temperature. Just so you men know, you don't pee outside in that kind of weather!
This FERI item on the RIOC Board's September Agenda will certainly be a good opportunity for the newly elected Roosevelt Island resident Board Directors to chart a fresh, new and independent course by rejecting FERI's request for site control of Southpoint Park and come up with a plan to explore new ideas for the future of Southpoint Park. Will they do that?
Both of these families blessed my family in ways they will never know. And though I don't have alot to give them in return I pray that God blesses them 10x the amount that they have blessed me and my family with.
being a dodger fan, this is one of the tougher multi-player rookie cards to pick up, especially in the upper midwest. thanks doug camilli for making it difficult.
�I believe that publicity does help a lot, contrary to what the government says.�
At the centre is Mr Costello, the former Treasurer hailed as an economic mentor by Opposition Leader Tony Abbott in his Budget reply address last night.
"You can be in power for as long as you live, and if you funnel state money into your hospital plan, that can be anything up to 120 years. It's so awesome."
Not convinced? Here’s another example: My beloved Buffalo Bills beat the New England Patriots in week 3 of this past season. That win snapped a fifteen-game losing streak to the Patriots that goes back to the opening week of the 2003 season. I remember thinking after the game was won, “This must be what it felt like in 1980”. What I mean is, Buffalo broke a similar streak (twenty games, 0-for-the seventies) against the Dolphins in week one of the 1980 season. The fans in attendance at the game stormed the field, ripped down the goalposts, and passed them up to owner Ralph Wilson’s box. I wasn’t around in 1980 to have seen it first-hand. I remember reading about it as a kid, but I didn’t feel the angst of that streak (the 0-for-the seventies) or the joy of breaking it, but I felt all of the emotions possible in breaking the Patriot streak because I lived it as a fan.
But wait! Three peacocks, hopefully on break from a wedding (you know, that awkward pause between ceremony and reception where guests wish they'd brought a book and the bridal party dash madly between four locations) arrive.
Late evening walk in the cane fields with GG on our first day...waiting with HUGE anticipation for the arrival of the Atlanta crew:
"First of all, the most dangerous nuclear plants in Japan are Hamaoka Nuclear Power Plant in Shizuoka prefecture, and Kashiwazaki Nuclear Power Plant in Niigata prefecture. If there is an earthquake, both of them will cause a serious accident like that of Fukushima. This can happen anytime, and it is absolutely crazy not to stop it.”
First, the banks and other financial institutions in Germany and France have large exposures to Greek government debt, both directly and through the credit that they have extended to Greek and other eurozone banks. Postponing a default gives the French and German financial institutions time to build up their capital, reduce their exposure to Greek banks by not renewing credit when loans come due, and sell Greek bonds to the European Central Bank.
7. Mad-cap car chases.
- J.Corrigan
The process of designing a full line of hardware has been so much fun, mostly because I am working with such a great group of people at Helser. For those of you who don’t know Helser Brothers is a family owned company run by two wacky brothers who love what they do and it is evident in their work, their exemplary customer service and the quality of everyone else who works with them. I’ve been working closely with their team to develop a classically inspired, modern and fresh collection that has something for everyone.
15. He already knew Taemin ‘SHINee’ before becoming a trainee in SMTown.
also remember my post about sweet olga? well the family that was going to rescue her
“An attention to the judgment of other nations is important to every government for two reasons: the one is, that, independently of the merits of any particular plan or measure, it is desirable, on various accounts, that it should appear to other nations as the offspring of a wise and honorable policy; the second is, that in doubtful cases, particularly where the national councils may be warped by some strong passion or momentary interest, the presumed or known opinion of the impartial world may be the best guide that can be followed. What has not America lost by her want of character with foreign nations; and how many errors and follies would she not have avoided, if the justice and propriety of her measures had, in every instance, been previously tried by the light in which they would probably appear to the unbiased part of mankind?
Keep the fabric folded in half and roll it around the knot several time to make the center of your rose. Apply a dot of hot glue to your fabric when the "center" is to your liking...
It's a far out psychedelic space rock epic. The first two tracks are really great jams not unlike those of Brainticket or Can, with longing vocals that don't make much sense and all kinds of heavy loose grooves gliding along. The second side is mostly a more mellow track, with spacey drawn-out guitar sketches and ending with a build of drums and bass. It's a really nice example of the more spaced-out side of progressive rock, created with as much energy as anything. - Matthew Foster
To begin, bake your cookies.
But LLC has a new party trick that draws attention by the masses, and it’s got nothing to do with her petite physique. It has to do with her knee walking.
EMAIL: olubolaadeleye@yahoo.com.
To be clear, this initiative is not about “dumb custom” – i.e., the “custom that is not customized.” For example, taking a book, ripping off the cover, putting in the faculty syllabus (maybe), and putting a new cover on with the school and faculty member names on it would be considered "dumb custom." Our focus is on “smart custom” – i.e., custom aggregated content that is aligned or matched to student learning outcomes. Smart custom is created in partnership with faculty and linked to course descriptions, syllabi, and accreditation targets for student learning outcomes. It is in recognition that one of the biggest complaints of students is that the faculty member does not use large portions of the course materials required, and also considers where course materials are headed in the future with increasingly custom course material offerings.
537 D-III/14/1963. “A Footnote to Thucydides: On Traveling in Greece Today.” Chicago Council on Foreign Relations, Chicago, Illinois.
Letting go of all I've held onto
After watching the first two rounds the battle between Bolt and Gay seems to be leaning the way of Usain Bolt. Bolt has been starting very well, while Gay has not had a decent start yet. Asafa Powell, Daniel Bailey, and Michael Rodgers have emerged as the front runners for bronze. Gay still seems to be the main threat to Bolt, but he must start better to have a shot as Bolt seems to be in Beijing shape at this point.
Fourth, because of something C.S. Lewis once said when asked about the writing of the Narnia books. He was asked by an interviewer if he had sat down with the intent of writing Christian allegory. Rather taken aback by the question, Lewis insisted that it had not been his intent at all. Instead, he said that he simply sat down to write a story that had been in his mind for some time. He had long had the mental image of a faun standing near a lamppost. The story was in him and he had to write to get it out. So how then did the Christian imagery become so prominent and fundamental to the story? Well, Lewis said, we write from the imaginative resources we have been accumulating over the course of our lives. What you write reflects who you’ve been and who you are, in other words. So it is with our lives. We live out of the habits, thoughts, patterns and beliefs which we have accumulated over the course of our lives. Lewis and Tolkien offer us wise counsel as to what those habits, thoughts, patterns and beliefs ought to be. So over the next six weeks, we’re going to study them and their stories.
Banquet Stacking Chairs and more. Buy Direct - We "Chair" for you!
It's all pretty self-evident. These are themed around feedback and improvement, one of the areas worth looking at. There's not much can be done with two, but the fundamental laws deck is already up to 17 cards and this set should be built up over time as well.
And because the creatives behind this show aren’t the only ones who understood what a crazy rockstar A.J. was:
The show itself was very good. The character that played Mary Poppins did a wonderful job and there were some really talented actors, singers and tappers on stage. I still have to say that I actually prefer theatre over musicals. However, as per my typical self at the moment, I had tears welling up when Mary Poppins decided to leave the family….. Sook!
With Lugar's defeat, it's to be expected that we'd see a lot of this coming from former "moderates" and Villagers. The idea here is that the Republicans are destroying themselves by being too extreme. And maybe that will be the case.
"This show is about people who are metaphorically lost in their lives, who get on an airplane, and crash on an island, and become physically lost on the planet Earth. And once they are able to metaphorically find themselves in their lives again, they will be able to physically find themselves in the world again. When you look at the entire show, that's what it will look like. That's what it's always been about."
with his own thoughts.
Bunch the deserts together,
Great news: ‘Palestinians’ ‘secure’ Joseph’s tomb from Breslav Hasidim Предпуримские горки The IDF Salutes All the Women of the IDF- International Women’s Day by idfnadesk КОВБОИ В КИПАХ #Palestinian stabbed #IDF soldier near Yatta, S of Hebron. Soldier shot back, injured assailant & killed accomplice. Investigation ongoing The Fourth Best President™ in American History ~ Barack Obama ~ Compare and Contrast Latma’s Purim special Brig. Gen. Nitzan Alon appointed as new GOC Central Command Sweeping Khalidi under the rug? Video: Latma Presents “Peace Now’s Megillah” Jewish veterans’ headstones targeted in Florida cemetery Slick video for Shimon Peres Facebook launch Video: Obama Claimed To Have Israel’s Back–Then Backed Off
I am a family photo and no recognition
As I've become more acclimated to blogging both here and on my personal card designing blog, I've been truly amazed at the deep connections forged and the friendships sealed through the bond of Christ's love. One of the most powerful passages in all of Scripture to me is Christ's prayer for His disciples that comprises the entirety of John 17. What makes this prayer so powerful is that Jesus utters the petition only moments before his arrest and ensuing death.
"Best Mummy in the World, Ever!"
You see, the Acte de Base states an AGM or EGM has to be called by registered letter. Oh yes. So on receipt of the email convocation, Ms B knocked on syndic's door to say they would not attend, as the meeting had not been convened according to the rules.
That's always my favorite part about watching vlogs....trying to see if the person's voice matches their looks. Ha.
This brought the meeting to a standstill while everyone stared at me.
So there you have it: such a series of events. The students handled it with aplomb, and I was able to adapt and do things slightly different for fourth period. Still, since it was the last period of the day, they acted a little more like they were hepped up on goofballs than third period students.
I don't know why but sometimes recipes surprise me.
7. 2 Inch Favor Tags
ME: “How did he poison you?”
Police testimony in early court documents shows that Justin Patterson pushed him against a table and chairs. In a recent interview and in other documents, Mr. Neesmith said he took a “whipping” that caused bleeding and cuts. He showed a reporter repairs to two holes in the wall that he said came from the struggle.
Oh and one funny fact, Dostoevsky wrote the Gambler in Baden after he gambled away all his money and some say, his shirt, in the Casino!
Saturday, after the strangeness of the weather subsided (my expensive Gap umbrella was twisted so badly by a windgust it would neither open nor close...it looked like a strange vampire bat with a stick up its ass) we went to the Residenz, the main palace of the Bavarian rulers. It was a great palace, huge but somehow manageable, and it had a Schatzkammer (treasure house) that rivaled that of the British Crown Jewels. Holy crap what bling! After that we hit the Hofbrauhaus.
The script greets you, tells you the day and what you have to do that day. Like lots of Etsy sellers, i've made a schedule to come up with all the things to do. For example, on monday i have to update the blog, on tuesday i've to surf Etsy, and so on. This tool tells me exactly what i have to do. But i didn't want to loose my Google home page (i've always something to search!), so i've added a Google form ^^
-AUDIO: The Dark Side Of The Moon, Original stereo mix (1973) mastered in high resolution audio at 96 kHz/24-bit
All in that quest for curly hair.
We’re such dummies that it wasn’t until a few weeks ago that we realized we had Jewelry TV, after our editor Lillian tipped us off.
And you must always mind the fence that surrounds the village. The fence that protects the village from the Forest of Hands and Teeth.
I hope you all have had a wonderful weekend :)
But soon it will be Friday, and your housemate will be back from holiday.
I started out from Lincoln and drove west to Lexington, Nebraska. From there, I dropped south on highway 283 to try to get ahead of a developing storm to my west. By "get ahead", I mean that I wanted to get to an east-west road option somewhere on the south side of the storm before the storm over ran it. Doing this meant punching rather close to the core of the storm; it was a good three solid minutes of driving through dime and nickel sized hail. When I popped out of the hail, I saw this:
FAMILY GUY follows the adventures of endearingly ignorant dad Peter Griffin and his hilariously odd family of middle-class New Englanders – wife Lois, daughter Meg, son Chris, baby Stewie and dog Brian – in Quahog, Rhode Island. The animated series, which features the voice talents of Seth MacFarlane, Alex Borstein, Seth Green and Mila Kunis, is a 20th Century Fox Television production. Seth MacFarlane is creator/executive producer. Mark Hentemann and Steve Callaghan serve as executive producers/showrunners, while Chris Sheridan, Danny Smith, Alec Sulkin and Wellesley Wild are executive producers. Become a fan of FAMILY GUY on Facebook and follow the series on Twitter at @familyguyonfox.
The searching is worth it if you are a fan of Historical Romance Fiction written with an intelligent voice. This series is way more than just your average bodice ripper. Anne has carefully and meticuosly researched life in the time of Louis XIV and his court and life in general. One can also find movies made in France during the 1960's that are nicely done for that time.
In other words… does this relationship between Thrall and Aggra feel forced? Yes. To a degree, it does. It came on very suddenly, like many other changes to the World of Warcraft universe with the advent of the Cataclysm. It seems as though the Blizzard story team said “we need more story, and we need it now!” In comes Garrosh Hellscream, the death of Cairne, political upheaval in the Horde, Sylvanas inching toward becoming the new Lich King (Queen?), the Council of the Three Hammers, more Varian Wrynn hijinks, and so on, so forth.
The bike, the buffalo and me, in that order.
MEDIUM TERM: DOW/NAZ confirmed downtrends, SPX/NDX have not
Little by little it is all coming together. The new house is beautiful. I think it is happy to finally have owners. Can you see the smile? I have all of the utilities scheduled to be swapped over and even have my daughter signed up for the after school program this fall. I didn't want to miss out on that one. It is usually full before the end of the school year. I can't even sign her up for the new school until we have our signed contract, but I'm not too worried about that. What are they going to do, tell me no?
Every single article relating to the Tottenham riots written but this little worm John Burns, attempts to play down the true ethnic nature of the "disturbances." He describes Mark Duggan - the armed ghetto dweller who was killed by London cops, who used to be kindly, quaint and unarmed but now carry weapons because of the presence of the Mark Duggans Burns defends - as an oppressed youth needlessly gunned down by racist white cops. It is unbelievable, the lies that shamelessly come out of this disgusting rag.
A. James Clark
Babe Ruth - U.S. All-Stars
THE YANKEES WIN! THHHHUUUUUUHHHHH YANKEES WIN!
The country’s renowned and modern malls are also earning themselves accolades.
Just a few weeks ago, Mr Livingstone wrote: ‘The people of our capital city deserve top-quality care and demand our healthcare should not be broken up, sold off or be privatised by the back door.’
Enjoy Life Chocolate Chips (or any super dark chocolate chips, really)
I have to admit–lately I have been lax in my creative life and whether it’s a reflection of my inner state or the other way around I can’t say definitively–a chicken and egg scenario! Thinking about it today though, I feel again that steady inner pull to create space in my life for creativity. In a very apropos manner, a good friend of mine forwarded me a “Weekly Action Alert” from MissRepresentation.org this week with the title “Get Healthy: Give Yourself a Break” and I must say. I love it! I’m going to give this a go! Here is the prompt:
Wouldn’t you know it, she wouldn’t show it.
I suppose we have long has special status here in the UK, fortunate enough to chuck whatever we wanted away into seemingly endless holes in the ground, rarely recycling and rarely setting fire to it. The terrible environmental impact of this laissez-faire attitude has put all of this to an end, we need to find new solutions and as we do so, our very British attitude to waste rises it's nimbyish head.
As a supplement to a previous post about false eyelashes, I'd like to point you all in the direction of Tricia Sawyer who does a really amazing tutorial on how to apply a full fan of false eyelashes. She aslo has some other really helpful tutorials on applying eye makeup, foundation, and powder on her website. You can also subscribe to her video podcast and get your dose of "Trix of the Trade" delivered right into your itunes. New segments are released relatively regularly.
Dress-Guess
inside” biblical stories? How do you understand and envision the events in our
You have variety of suits based on designs, colors, brands, sizes, materials etc. When it comes to makes you have 2 button suits, 3 button suits, 4 button suits, 5 button suits, Slim suit, Tuxedos, Zoot suits, vested suits,Seersucker suits, pinstriped suits etc. When it comes to materials used for developed, suits are usually made of wool to suit cold weather conditions.
It seems to be “have a go at CAMRA weekend”, but I couldn’t pass up on this article from The Publican in which beer writer Pete Brown criticises the organisation’s naïve and muddle-headed policy of opposing alcohol advertising of “international brands”. Now Pete by his own admission is a bit of a Socialist, so can’t be accused of just being a lackey of the evil multi-national capitalists. He writes:
The kid was an outcast for the whole month of October.
fold over, tear out the page if you have to.
I hear many law firms argue that the LSA will not affect them as they perceive the only interest by new market entrants such as Cooperative Legal Services and Tescolaw who are perceived only to be contemplating low level work at the bottom end of the market. It is the small High Street firms which will be affected, they argue, and comfort themselves that their firm will be immune from such new competition. In many cases this is a dangerous fallacy. Informal surveys at many firms reveal that contrary to partner perception, high level partner intensive work is the icing on the revenue cake and not the cake itself. Some estimates are that as much as 70% of the work of most general firms remains either bread and butter work or is work that can be done by relatively inexperienced staff, albeit under supervision and in accordance with sophisticated systems and matter management processes. Large firms are finding this truth out the hard way when their global clients increasingly challenge high charging structures for routine work which could be done in low cost centres at 20% of the cost of a junior lawyer at a London law firm. Probate practitioners are fast discovering. The challenge here is therefore not just from non-traditional legal service providers following deregulation, but from innovative law firms, some based outside the UK, and from the growth of internet-based DIY legal services.
Adrien – He did not plate the dish like Whitney’s at all, which gave Joe a fit. He took everything off the pate and put it on another plate in the correct places. He didn’t seem impressed with the taste either.
When Lady Penelope Annand's trusted servant goes missing, she is determined to get to the bottom of the matter. Even if that means hiring a thief-taker to track down her maid's whereabouts. But when the darkly smoldering Pierce Howe takes charge of the situation, Penelope finds herself growing more attracted to him by the second--even if she's infuriated by his high-handed manner. She doesn't trust any man--not after the way her first husband wronged her--so why is she so quick to believe in a thief-taker?
Whenever using some type of computer software. The software line will not be able to explain all this thoroughly and that will certainly permit every person to obtain a complete bunch of computer software. The software line will not cost much and may aid businesses find exactly what needed. Before deciding on an authentic supplier, invest time to research prices and check on these kinds of lenses to achieve 0.9 m to 78.2 m in the nec multisync lcd 1510v and electronic devices take glossy theme, the nec multisync lcd 1525m driver of service delivery across their entire customer base. With this information, customer care operators can accurately diagnose user problems and improve both network and device performance.
“Well that’s good,” I say, feeling sympathetic. I also wonder why it seems my boss is more worried about it than his words said. I begin to think maybe he fears it being passed down through his family. My brain working overtime with my mouth trying to catch up, I ask, “Is it genital?”
02 - Strawberries
The somewhat cramped environment of the Archives Office of 1996 meant the work with the photographs had to be performed in the Basement Library stack where Donald was surrounded by a great many theological tomes. The two narrow tables with their uneven tops and the restricted space did not hinder the forward movement of the project. Not daunted by the overwhelming number of partially sorted and undocumented images – photographs, slides, glass plates, film strips, movies and negatives –he began to slowly put in place a more ordered regime.
agreeable to the touch and to the sight, and above all, more adequate to the role the figure has to play in the struggle?
I will be the first to admit that I can be annoyingly, stubbornly independent with an unshakable need to do things (like, you know, everything) on my own. In part, this is because I come from a large, loud, dysfunctional family– the kind that occasionally sends you running for silence in the form of a shack deep in the woods. That being said, though, this last year taught me there are scenarios in which having another living, breathing creature of the human variety sharing quarters with you would not suck.
Abigail, 3: "Mommy, I had a dream about two princesses. One was a good princess and she was kind and pretty and I loved her. The other was a bad princess and she was married to Hitler. I don't like Hitler."
It should be a lot of fun. So without further delay here is my first “Thirty Watch List”.
#2 The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit has ruled that U.S. government agents can legally sneak onto your property in the middle of the night, place a secret GPS device on the bottom of your car and keep track of you everywhere that you go.
Specifically, “I am worthy”. “I am not worthy” has been holding me back. I am not good enough, I will be found out, I will be laughed at, I will be judged, where is it me doing the judging, and in anticipation, and far more harshly than other people would.
Every now and again I have to write something that isn't merely a stringing together of copy points with artful conjunctions and transitions.
It's (only) been a month since my last entry.
Hood and rain cover included
I can’t bear to be alone;
Fascinated with sequences, periodicity and numbers, the Maya must have adored Venus. Not only does she disappear and reappear with amazing regularity, her luminescence is also measurable, on some clear nights actually capable of casting a shadow. They noticed that Venus travels faster round the sun than Earth, orbiting 2.6 times to Earth’s 1.6 orbits. Venus orbits the Sun 13 times in 8 years, passing between Earth and Sun 5 times until they return to that meeting point in the synodic cycle (synod = meeting place). Point of closest ‘meeting’ is called ‘inferior conjunction’, taken as the start of the cycle.
Here are some observations from the three members of the selection committee about interviews in general:
More laws, more power, more intrusion, more tax money wasted enforcing the whims of control freaks. Westerners have allowed the anti-sex crowd to make them so afraid of mere images that they’ve given governments vast censorship powers. And when such power is handed over to an uncontrolled entity whose chief goals are to grow and consume (more money and more power), this sort of mishap is inevitable:
Chaste – easily corrupted. Honest – liar.
Actually, yes. I had.
I suppose it’s a problem that sums up Western navies quite well; a series of antiquated institutions engaged in a futile search for function and relevence in a (mostly) post-imperialist world where sea power becomes less relevant with each passing year. But I guess if you have to serve on a giant magnet for Chinese missiles you might as well die stylish.
This was one of the first Christmas songs that I learned to play on the piano when I was in kindergarten or first grade. It was already my favorite Christmas carol at that time, but now it will always hold a special place in my heart. As a little girl, I was absolutely obsessed with the nativity, Baby Jesus in particular. We could not pass a nativity scene without me having to stop and stare at it for the longest time.
As you know I have been operating the BAPMAF music archives since 1990 which was partly opened at my Bokoor House to the public in 1996 and more fully in 2007. However, devastation struck in the middle of the night of 26th Oct, 2011 in the form of a flood. This occurred over many parts of Accra due to more and more people building in or blocking water ways - so that rivers could no longer easily run into the sea. In our particular Taifa-Ofankor area this was compounded by the construction of a 3 mile section of the Kumasi highway (from Achimota to Ofankor) without adequate gutters - and also saw-millers who have been dumping sawdust in rivers and wetlands.
As drag is created largely at the wing tips, I would not be surprised to see tapered flaps that flatten out at the wing tip and retain some downforce in the centre section. Teams may use the Pod for housing the actuators, although Mercedes succeeded with actuators hidden in the endplates. Having the pod above the wing clears the harder working lower surface, thus we will probably not see many support struts obstructing the wing.
Meanwhile, those who are not blessed to have the finances to afford this expensive piece of Smartphone were lucky enough to find cheaper brands in the market. For that matter, mobile phone accessories of various kinds (e.g. Bling mobile phone covers, leather phone case, mobile phone case slips, LCD (Liquid Crystal Display covers and etc.) can be found in department stores and online stores.
I make mistakes and I'm still learning! I might often become someone that I don't like and have to change at times?!
Breakfast: Egg sandwich & hashbrowns
In a pressure cooker, heat up the oil over medium and cook the chopped onion until translucent, 3 or 4 minutes. Add the lentils and chicken broth, stir. Place the lid on the pressure cooker, turn the heat to high. When the pressure cooker has reached full pressure, turn the heat to medium and cook for 5 minutes. Remove the pressure cooker from the heat and let it rest for 5 minutes to finish cooking. Carefully let out the remaining pressure.
Cook to soft ball stage of 240 degrees. Remove from heat. Add peanut butter, butter and extract.
Goal 1) To teach our children who God is. If we accomplish nothing else, I pray that we do this well – biblically and faithfully.
Now the true problem: he has fired up the youth, but despite all the talk to the contrary this is not who you court to win the presidency. They have no money. They don't get registered to vote. They don't vote when they are registered. For all of the "change" in the 60s and the nostalgia of how politically connected everyone was, the last time I looked Eugene McCarthy and George McGovern did not occupy the White House; instead it was Richard Nixon. If this is Obama's sole crowd he has no chance to win, no matter how much enthusiasm is generated.
I decided to reproduce an excerpt of the liner notes written by Dean Ween:
“Let’s get out of here,” Peterson said and the four moved on. Peterson and Tom both careful not to step too close to Craig’s body while Violet was only careful not to get bodily fluids on her shoes and Laurel walked by without noticing. Behind them all the sounds of moaning continued.
It’s not like my bosses are giving me shit about my work, not me in particular at least. But it’s my guilt that’s killing me. I feel like i’m disappointing them. The more they don’t scold or punish me, the more my guilt does those things for me.
Earrings: Vintage Shop in Granada
Fell through never ending
All rock & roll is based on shock value and when punk appeared it really did up the ante: Most people remember the moment punk went overground in Britain in late 1976, when the SEX PISTOLS made their famous appearance on the Tonight programme with Bill Grundy. "The Filth and the fury" was suddenly everywhere... The tabloids pounced upon the movement and overnight, you couldn't move for spiky haired urchins giving it plenty. However, punk had been gestating for some years previously, in the pub rock scene in Britain and the garage band scene in America.
# Separate Opinions
Doris Roberts ... Mrs. Merkle / Mrs. Miracle
In this write 365 project, I’ve done a lot of good things and I’ve done some things I wasn’t happy about or proud of. For “yesterday’s” post I’ll talk of the good things, and for today’s post I’ll talk of the bad ones.
Lately I've been so homesick. Maybe it's the fact that we've been living here for about 5 months now. Maybe it's because I've never been away from my family for Christmas, but it feels more than that.
Me “Ready?”
So there you have it. Madrid, Week 2. I woke up at 7:00 this morning and rode to Central Park to run that 5 mile hill run. I never do that. This training cycle is going to have a lot of firsts and I'm excited for it.
A 1920's child’s chain driven Alfa Romeo P2 pedal car, with spring suspension and rubber wheels, 150cm long
That is not what I meant at all. If I did mean that, I wouldn't, for example, have spent all day yesterday in the London Metropolitan Archives reading through letters sent between brewers Flower & Sons and their lawyers regarding their taking over the lease of the George Inn, Southwark - something that will surely take only a line or two in my new book, but which I took a thousand words of notes on, because I want to make sure I get it absolutely right.
Kiel was much more comfortable with this Santa. I'm not sure if it was because he was with big brother, or because he was wearing his new boots that he was refusing to take off.
1 m'my
Hmm, some of their other games look tempting too….
Here is the snowman made out of plastic pumpkins covered in white fabric. She is in the living room this year.
Ah and now the last card of this Team set starting Pitcher Jordan Zimmermann. Jordan was on the mound for the 2012 season's first loss to the Cubs. The team made a valiant effort and tried to come back in the 9th, but they were always behind this game. Oh well at least the Nats took the series before losing 4-3 on Sunday. Jordan went 7 innings (I'm glad our starters are going deep into the game now) allowed 2 runs on 6 hits and struck out 4 gives him a 1.29 ERA.
This first one is intended to be a bookmark since I'll be packaging it up with a little paperback book for my assistant - wanted to say an extra thank you to her for working on a big project for me. She loves to read and she loves snowmen... need I say more?
By the third day, I learned another lesson: Doggie Earmuffs. Having foreigners (from the big city) in their backyard tends to scare your pets. I ended up serenading them in an attempt to muffle the sounds from under the house, so they wouldn’t go crazy. Instead, I did.
Last Tuesday was my local ANG guild meeting. We had a stash exchange. This is what I brought home. What a blast this was! I have already started the little fleur de lys pincushion. Click on any of the pictures to see better.
all goners welcome, bottles in hand.
Offhand, I don’t recall a member of Congress in my lifetime saying anything so grotesquely at odds with American ideals about ethnic relations and for that matter basic human rights. Will the Anti-Defamation League denounce Walsh? Will the American Jewish Congress? Will AIPAC have anything to say about the congressman whose strongly pro-Israel views its newsletter approvingly highlighted? If not, why not?
Tom Yum Soup with Prawns
But what in the heck is bamboo pith you ask? I had to do some detective work too - it's 竹笙, a type of mushroom with a porous veil that hangs down from the cap. It's also known as "Long Net Stinkhorn", but the cooked version at least doesn't smell bad or tate bitter as its name may imply, it's used in savory dishes but has a lovely subtle sweetness - Bamboo Pith is a more appetizing name. Once cooked it shrinks and the net becomes tighter, but still semi-see through - the look and texture reminds me of fish maw (an expensive Chinese delicacy: the air bladder or swim bladder of a fish, which sounds unappetizing but has an exquisite light and soft spongy unique texture and very subtle, not fishy, taste) - so this is sort of the more affordable alternative.
Arcanine is based on more of a dog, but when I first saw it, it reminded me more of a lion (because of the mane), or a tiger (because of its colouring and stripes).
There is scant sympathy for Senor Garcia in this newspaper a sidebar article on page 3 mentioned that the former chief executive rolled up to his burgled house in a BMW 750 Li worth $165,000 (or S/. 500,000).
Some great dialogue was generated from that post, and Eye left a comment asking for my take on this belief that the “best place for a woman to pray is in her home.”
We watched until William and Kate went back to sign the register, and then we had to go to work and school, respectively.
There is then the problem when it doesn’t stick that you then have the sudden shock of going back to normal again. To go from no-one recognising you to absolutely everyone recognising you, back to no-one recognising you has got to generate income for counsellors. I know I’d be messed up if that happened.
As a result of being around so many big words be has a pretty impressive vocabulary for someone his age.
Makes me want to have a friend over for tea & cupcakes just looking at it!!
Chloe was a little bland for my liking – she only truly started to appeal to me as a character in the last fifty pages or so. I am looking forward to reading the next book in this series as I did really start to care about what happened to her but for the most part she was a little irritating. What I did like about Chloe was her interest in film and the way that when life got a little too difficult or scary, she’d imagine how she’d have her actors play the scene if it was a scene she was directing. I found that an adorable way of having the heroine face her fears and put herself into situations she didn’t want to be in and at the same time retain her timid persona.
I must be doing something right. For those of you who don't know, I finally got a job in Idaho Falls. I am so ready. I have never been so excited to move over 100 miles in my life. I have never been so excited to MOVE in my entire life. OK on to the good stuff. The details. (I am sick of repeating myself on what is going on so if you would like to know...please continue reading.)
Ah, yes, where was I? Languages…
‘Plus four’ comes from the British military in India who had the regulation length of their shorts ‘four inches below the kneecap’.
The father of Chiweshe was called Nyamhangara. The father of Nyamhangara was called Nyakudya and Nyakudya was the son of Chief Nyashanu of Buhera. Their mutupo was Shava and their chidawo was Museyamwa.
Last day of March, and I’ve missed Christmas and New Year’s in this blog too.. I know.
For when foreigners are in trouble, then the Military's part, is to clean up all the troubles that the politicians start.
Although the U.S. has not had an FMD outbreak since 1929, it is endemic in many parts of the world. In 2000 and 2001 a Pan-Asian strain caused outbreaks in Korea, Japan, Russia, Mongolia, South Africa, the United Kingdom, France, and the Netherlands. Source: LLNL
Avocados–cause upset stomach, vomiting, and pancreatitis
I'm saying "yes" to second slices of cake. "Yes" to skinny jeans (until those second slices of cake catch up with me). And "yes" to black bean chili -- a recipe I've been wanting to make ever since I saw Esi rave about it on her blog, Dishing Up Delights nearly a year ago.
As for me, I am back to losing weight and getting healthy. I am already 13 lbs below my pregnancy weight. I had found that since having the baby some of my stomach troubles have resurfaced and I have had to return to a vegetarian diet. I feel so much better and have so much more energy since doing that! I am contented with my rural life and with the fact that this was my last baby. I am loving my life, my family, and my house (although I will love the house more, once I finish getting it all organized!).
they saw me bringing her over and all i heard was 'no mom! she'll mess everything up!' they were playing with teeny tiny playmobil, and yes, sometimes while maggie thinks she is just playing she is actually destroying everything her sisters have worked so hard to set up.
He wore armour of ancient design, with a plumed helm that nearly brushed the ceiling. He held a sword outstretched, though the blade lay shattered in the sand. The other hand was held palm out with three fingers extended – the sign for peace amongst Sharia’s people. The horizontal planes of the Hero of Peace were caked with centuries of drifting sand.
Either way you look at it–being a Loser or being with a Loser (or both!)–you lose. Sure, we’d love to see the psychopaths land in jail for the financial fraud, statutory rape, professional violations, prostitution, drug dealing, date rape, and other illegal and immoral acts they commit. But keep in mind that psychopaths and their supporters DO get justice even if they don’t get punished legally for their crimes and immoral acts. Why? Because they lead the kinds of lives that any normal and healthy person would consider a punishment in itself: their reality is a nightmare.
Try searching for a vibrant camisole in jersey cotton, a great fabric for total comfort, or floral nightshirts that have a really snug fit around the body, providing added support while you sleep. Or what about a lacy nursing nightie made from a stretchy viscose or elastane material?
I remember just a few things.
*No, avocados aren't local, but if you're in the south they're close to local, and even cheaper than they are up here in the PacNW. Try and choose Mexican avocados for the fewest border crossings.
The Musical Box (from Nursery Cryme)
Many days? I'm so NOT a writer it's not even funny. I may as well take a hammer to my laptop, destroy it because I am not even attempting because I'm so damn positive I'll fail. I have 90% finished stories, books, essays, that are effectively dead, because I killed them by never sending them in. That makes it hard to hear words coming out of my mouth in public, as I will do tonight at Bluestockings and did Saturday at ASJA. Talking about writing is a surefire way to induce guilt when you're not writing but are supposed to sound "smart" or "successful" or anything you're supposed to project but don't believe yourself to be in that moment. Don't get me wrong--I work hard...sometimes. When I want it bad enough. When I'm excited enough. When I can shut out everyone and everything else. And those times are rejuvenating and make me a believer in myself as a writer again, but when those times are less and less frequent, when I don't sit my ass in a chair and stay the course when it's not easy, when I don't want to be there? That's a flighty hot mess right there, and makes me visualize failure more than I ever could success. It's like warring factions, the part of me that wants to "make it" (whatever that means, though I have a few goals) and the part of me that, apparently, doesn't. I'll hear myself saying, to strangers or friends, "I have this idea for..." and then balk at the emptiness of those words I've said in about a 10:1 ratio of actually doing anything about them. Lurking beneath them is a certainty that someone else--anyone else--will do it better, smarter, faster, so why bother?
After watching more turtles we found some very patient butterflies (Lorquin’s Admirals) and got more great photos.
terror to inflict
Because of this, voters in these counties are going to see the first competitive congressional race in their lifetime. They will see hours, upon hours of annoying ads filled with hyperbole, logical fallacies, and straight up lies funded by people living nowhere near their district.
-If you plan on eating the greens (which are good if you like bitter greens; similar to beet greens), choose evenly-colored leaves, make sure you wash each leaf thoroughly, look for and remove any bad spots, and remove the stems.
Shirlee @ The Easily Influenced Stitcher
This was a major candidate for my Top Ten. It has one of the great slow builds and then guitar solo frenzy. Three guitarists in Skynyrd’s case, I think. A few people suggested it – I was only too happy to oblige!
I do, but 'my library' was scattered all about in different areas.
Waking up at 6am today was like a treat after waking up at 4am and 5am this weekend for training. I honestly expected not to be able to move this morning because this weekend we completed 4 Body Pump classes, a technique Boot Camp, and the Body Pump challenge (in which I probably lifted more weight than I ever have before!). Yet, my body is not any more sore than usual! I still plan on taking the day off from weight lifting and cardio, and I plan on attending a yoga class this evening. I am expecting it to be very relaxing.
She holds her baby and shushes her and rocks her, she tries to diaper her
The city of Chicago and all that it has to offer from shopping to
Had to make more of these....
Happy folding!
I am thankful for summer! So often the school year flies by with these dear ones swirling around me. There is so much to be done! But now there is time to process. Now we get to cover in love and bear each other's burdens.
Important Considerations When Purchasing Liability Protection
I toss and turn
Although anyone who is brave enough to overcome their reluctance and actually enter is already a winner in my eyes.
Please forgive me for posting some photos and running, but my right hand is still giving me trouble, and I find that I can't really type too long before it starts to ache. So here are some more photos from the Cross Estate Gardens, near my home in New Jersey. Enjoy!
Your ICE plan doesn't have to be something written down, unless that's what works for you. Take a minute and identify the closest ER or Urgent Care Clinic (make a note of their business hours...) to your home. Think about what's involved in getting out of the house quickly if you needed to, and start streamlining that process. You may never need to deploy (one of my new favorite words!), but if you do, having a grip on it will be a good feeling.
e) I can play mind games
into the honkeytonks of rhyme,
And, as I always say, taste is personal and who are we to criticize what people like or don't - I'm going to remember "De gestibus non est disputandum" from her article - and snobbery does not equal good taste. What's "good taste" anyways?
You were six months old and full of fun, with the blink of an eye, you were suddenly one.
When drained hollow by aspirations of life,
Disprove it for Yourself
Zenith TV didn’t happen….
I think this is part of the reason.......
...And I've never been able to get a clear explanation of the difference out of anyone, a source of endless frustration. My friends just seem to 'know', and assume that the difference must be clear to anyone with eyes in their head.
We stayed in Idaho Falls on Friday night at Mark & Carrie’s house. Then we all drove the rest of the way to the cabin in Island Park. Lissie, Alex and Brigham squeezed into our car and we had a good time on the drive up to Island Park.
If you’ve always been a fearful person, or if there’s just one or two things that leave you anxious, this book is for you!
"Ellington '66" is another example of how the change in popular music toward an all rock & roll format found jazz musicians attempting crossover material with varying degrees of success. While much of the music here is standard American Popular Song à la "Satin Doll" and "Red Roses for a Blue Lady," other tracks such as the Beatles' "I Want to Hold Your Hand" are clearly attempts at reaching a younger record-buying audience.
"It was beautiful."
Hurtful words you let me know
Thoughts are always associated with some physical substrate, which in the past were limited to electro-chemical reactions within a nervous system. Without the physical substrate there were no thoughts. With the creation of writing thoughts could be symbolically stored but it still required a physical substrate, usually called a mind within a brain, to process them and to become conscious of them. Now with computers reaching higher capacities they are capable of associating many things together that were previously thought of as requiring a human brain. It is all quite mechanistic but then at the root of human thought it is also quite mechanistic. The digital-bit computers will soon be, perhaps some already are, working by something closer to analog probabilities that have Gaussian like associations, or possibly have variable charge levels that must be surpassed in a period of time before they react. A leaky bucket decision process and not just a yes or no that digital computers use to compute. That seems to be how brains work. Biological brains are quite slow in detail but because of myriads of stored memory modules they process some complex things en masse very quickly. Once the proper arrangement of computer chip processors are created they may be able to do mental functions at near the speed of light.
As well as the obvious examples like sensory overload and sensitivities to specific stimuli (light, pressure, temperature, particular tastes or textures, etc.), this category would include a huge number of other sensory issues which, if not currently part of the diagnostic criteria for autism, are consistently associated with autism: synaesthesia, prosopagnosia ("faceblindness"), deficits or differences in proprioception (which leads to many of the issues with physical coordination which exist in the overlap between dyspraxia and autism), and [others?]. Some autistic people have argued that all of "autism" is ultimately due to sensory processing issues (for example, that the difficulties autistic people have with nonverbal communication actually result from atypical auditory and visual processing making perception and interpretation of it difficult, rather than from a difference in the communication-related parts of the brain per se), but to me that theory seems overly reductive, and there's also the issue that there are some autistic people who don't report sensory processing difficulties: however, while i'm not entirely convinced that every aspect of autism is sensory in nature, i do think it's a major and difficult-to-deny part of it.
We, the Papertrey PALs, in order to form the most perfect papercrafted project, and (more importantly), to be supportive to each other, understand the following mission:
if she did.
Clearly, the app isn’t working properly. Everyone knows that cake and snacks and other people’s left-over mashed potato don’t count. Nor do cold sausages that you find in the fridge. And wine definitely doesn’t have any calories.
You can see by the landscape that we have been planning this for a long time. Everything was just starting to grow in when I took these before pictures. Now everything is already on its way out for the season.
c) Make sure the grates are clean and brushed with oil before the peaches go on, this keeps them from sticking.
The NL East could become the toughest division in baseball with the Marlins spending spree. Division power Philadelphia could be losing Jimmy Rollins at shortstop, but still has a strong rotation anchored by Roy Halladay and has other pieces like Ryan Howard, Chase Utley and Hunter Pence.
Add to that the complete silence of God. It was like He left. Took off. Took one look at me and realized I was not worth His investment and went to look for someone else. Someone more worthy of His time and affection. And on the way out the door, He left the door open to the Enemy. It was like He said, “have at her.” And the Enemy wasted no time.
I also want to point out that scarves can serve as great belts, which is important to remember as you seek to increase the variety of colors and patterns in your collection. I don't wear scarves as belts terribly often myself, but if you want to see a couple of examples, click here and here.
Spake fox of mortal mould.
Damn women drivers....
Then I said: You know what, though. I shouldn't even be talking about this right now. It's coming out like you should be changing something and that's not what I mean. It's just me. I'm having trouble adjusting.
The tongue swells in your cheek,
Her first book, Rae of Hope - from the Chronicles of Kerrigan - is available Nov 15, 2001 by Mitchell Morris Publishing. It is contracted as a four book series and available in print and ebook through Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Kobo, Smashwords and other online sites.
All too often, inexperienced writers tiptoe through their novels, letting major events — fistfights, gunplay, murders, betrayals — take place off-page. It’s much easier to let characters emote afterward than for the writer to take the time and trouble to tackle the action scene. I know I have passed on opportunities to create such scenes, thinking the characters’ reactions all-important, but I forgot one thing: readers need to experience the drama.
Since this is the first Beer Week in Cincinnati, I thought I should get in on the fun. This weekend I'll be participating in the Hoperatives 5B: Believers in Better Beer, Bites and Blogging Conference leading up to the final night of the Cincinnati Beer Fest.
“Your wife just gave birth
And then on to basement number two where John has his workshop and keeps all his secret formulas! Joe was standing off to the side with a pencil and paper taking notes as John was so kindly sharing information. In front of him are a couple of works in progress.
“All my lovers asked me why they couldn’t replace Mary, but it’s simply impossible. The only friend I’ve got is Mary and I don’t want anybody else. To me, she was my common-law wife. To me, it was a marriage. We believe in each other, that’s enough for me.”
I did. And I really tried to be normal! I did all the things I thought you were supposed to do, and still I felt out-of-place and unhappy. How do all the people around me manage this, I thought? What am I doing wrong?
Note that this example also shows clearly how in this culture we tend to divide up single events in terms of what we have already decided their physical object membership to be.
I couldn't sleep. I couldn't eat. I cried for days, if not weeks and months. I'm not sure how I managed to put one foot in front of the other and keep going for my own sake, as well as our little boys, ages five and two.
This is not a knock on the festival organizers. Fest Director Mary Doub and her stalwart crew put their hearts and souls into making everything work. And to an astonishing degree everything does work. But consider this: some 15,000 people attend the festival each year, and I believe the majority of these folks are camping on site. This means you’ve got a small town that appears in the middle of a hay field, makes whoopee and vanishes, all in the span of four days. Now add to this a music program that runs for fourteen hours a day on multiple stages. For many attendees, however, the formal musical program takes a backseat to the campsite jamming, which goes on ‘round the clock in certain quarters.
1) Maps, cameras and casual dress... Oh my!
that's been chocked with oil, it "is" beautiful. It's the strange twist in the tale. And I try to take all these things that are happening today, and take them to
For example, we've seen Wallace Spearmon dabble in the 400 and run 45.22 with several very creditable relay legs in the 44 sec range over the past few seasons. High school super sprinter Xavier Carter(10.38, 20.69, 45.44), has continued to do well in all three sprints as a pro with 10.00, 19.63, 44.53 bests, and certainly could become even more competitive in the 400 given focus. For proof, look no further than current #1 Lashawn Merritt who was a triple threat sprinter in high school himself (10.47,20.77,45.25) who has focused on the longer sprints with 19.98, 43.75 results to date!
