They are singing faith has the power to move mountains.
Because my Manor is in the country and set about 1895 to 1905, I decided the house has plumbing in the kitchen and a bathroom in the attic floor. For lighting they used candles because gas pipes for lighting only reached the rural areas later on. The house had Central heating (Furnace in the basement and heat grates in the rooms) which used coal, but because the the house is in the country and it was so readily available, all the fireplaces in the house are wood burning.
I've been trying to resist posting today's Perfect Picture Book for a while because it is out of print. But it is one of my all time favorite books ever, and since I got notification this week that one of my books is going out of print, I thought this would be a nice time to celebrate books that don't always get as much recognition as one might hope. This is a story my parents read to me, and that I read to my kids. It was always a favorite in our house. I hope you'll be able to find a copy at your local library, or get a used one through some channel or other. It's really wonderful!
Today I have another version of a card using the Holly Jolly Christmas stamp in the current mini. I really like creating the frame with the nestabilities so each card uses some form of the frame. On this card I cut a piece of DSP 4 " x 5.25" then used the die to cut the frame out (which I used in another card) then I took the outside edge that was left and framed the front of the card, the DSP in the wood prints is awesome for this technique. I also added some snowmen from the Jolly Jingle Bit's stamp set and lots of glitter! I will post version 3 over the weekend. Thanks for stopping by!
I asked Katherine if that sort of subject would do for a non-fairy tale reader and she said, yes. So . . .
I joined Weight Watchers again. My new phone is an Android, and has all these cool apps for WW, like this scanner that can scan any food item, and it will tell you how many points it is, and you can add it to your food tracker. Last winter when I went on it I lost tons of weight, but that also had to do with using heroin everyday. Nearly everyday. I did go sick once in a while due to the high cost of heroin here in Green Bay.
You know, even though there are people in my life who are deserving of the "You made my life hell" badge -- like my tyrannical stepfather or my biological father who divorced my mom when I was a baby and went back to his home country of Jamaica never to be heard from again -- the fact remains that no one has worked harder for that honor than myself.
“The six and a half hours of audio I had proved that my son wasn’t hitting the teacher because there was something wrong with him — he was lashing out because he was being mocked, mistreated and humiliated,” Chaifetz writes on his website, No More Teacher/Bully. “His outbursts were his way of expressing that he was being emotionally hurt at school.”
I Love New York For Him was a runaway hit with the men in my office. They have tested fragrances for me in the past. But never have they bickered over who would keep the lab bottle. One co-worker offered me $25. I laughed the offer off. He proceeded to stare me down in a bullying way. The opening notes are ginger, juniper berry and grapefruit zest. It is a bright green. Peppy and full of energy. The middle notes are a lavender(soapy), geranium, patchouli (rooty) and leather. The drydown is a cloud of sandalwood, labdanum, musk and amber.
The recipe (if you can call it a recipe) is very simple. Start by sauteing some diced onions in olive oil and then add in 3 cups of raw spinach. I let it wilt just a little and then cracked two eggs into the pan and topped the whole thing with a diced tomato. Then it went straight into the oven for about 7 minutes at 350 degrees.
We did ask about him, and the word they used to describe him is "active."
I do...sort of, but I don't go nuts
4. Fabric must be new and unwashed and must come from a smoke free environment.
This time, gaining back some weight actually helped me to learn more about what motivates this addiction. Before saying Goodbye to him, all I had figured out was that I have an oral fixation that’s satisfied through chewing. I found that gum can really help here (even as I write this I’m chewing gum). When that wasn’t enough, I’d coped by texting him or writing him an email. But what I realized when that wasn’t an option, is that I have a very existential hunger that drives me to food, and drove me to him so frequently. It’s the same hunger that motivated me to start this blog, that pushes me to find work that’s meaningful, that drives my insatiable need for deep conversations. It’s like the greed for life that Logan recognized in me, and in himself.
LIST OF WINNERS
Make sure chicken pieces are dry (very important). Season liberally with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Dredge in a thin coating of flour and place skin side up on a lightly oiled baking sheet. Put in the fridge for at least 1 hour, but up to overnight, so that flour coating sets.
The auto industry bailout plan fashioned by President Obama comes with strings attached for crash test dummies, who have enjoyed a high standard of living that gradually declined as U.S. auto makers’ saw their share of the world market for cars gradually shrink. “I used to have my plastic polished with Fantastik spray-on every week,” says Chloe, Nils’ wife as she dandles daughter Caitlin on her knee. “I’ve cut back to once a month–we’ve all got to sacrifice.”
Like a young adult on
My cubs are growing and my new house design has an Art Room so this may change in the future. Earlier this year I discovered Photo shop and have been able to manage my urges to create (though I would rather using mixed media’s instead of the computer) AND keep my house clean. Unfortunately I know so little about how to get the look I want from photoshop (it took ages to figure out how resize an image) and so tutorials like this are heaven sent. I love to create.
Would you like it with a mouse?
Firstly, managerialism is not exclusive to UCD or to universities generally. It had infected and depressed many other industries before it arrived quite late in education. Secondly, Tom links managerialism to business and argues that business approaches have no place in university management. Now, the latter may be true but the former does not support it.
Take a chill pill! Decide if the situation really warrants you freaking out and if the answer is no, take a few deep breaths. Find outlets to de-stress such as yoga, writing in a journal, or listening to soothing music. Find what works for you and do it consistently. Whatever the issue, I’m pretty sure the world is not going to end and is it really worth your heart?
To which I calmly replied, "WHAT??! I don't have time for this! We don't have time! How did this happen? Why wasn't this prevented?! Look at this house! It's a disaster! Aaaaargh!!!!"
Here are the specifics, originally listed in the initial post, according to the Museum:
My first thoughs on viewing my photos of Place du Tertre were
Praise, at the end of Winter
So it’s clear that you have an ice cream addiction when you have a bucket list item to eat ice cream from the Dole Pineapple Plantation, not actually visit the Dole Pineapple Plantation. While I really enjoyed the ice cream, the visit was a lot more fun.
she has the concept of stay, but needs a refresher
This is the story of the heroes of our collective past. What is incredibly moving is that so many of these heroes have gone unsung for so long.
Sarina and I spent about 10 minutes debating which dress looked most like Sleeping Beauty's, and which color tutu was the prettiest, before making our final selections and heading to the register. Just as we got on line, I saw the worker and the little girl making their way up the middle aisle to meet up with the girl's mother, who had been checking out.
Staff- Many if not most of the UN and international agency staff- national and expatriate- in Port-au-Prince at the time of the earthquake have been affected. Some have been killed. Many have lost homes, or loved ones, or both. Many will be unable to assist in relief operations. Key roles lie unfilled. The same is true of transportation companies, service providers, and government departments overseeing infrastructure and logistics. New staff are flying in to fill some of these gaps, but they are less familiar with the Haitian context and will not make decisions as smoothly or as quickly as their local counterparts may have.
The asylum seekers told the BBC they had hired the MV Alicia in Jakarta, and they had fled northern Sri Lanka at the end of the war, during which time they had been trapped between the government’s forces and Tamil Tiger fighters.
I look forward to every Saturday morning now because it's CSA box day. I enjoy the drive to Bee Heaven Farm almost as much as I enjoy getting the box. I always drool over all those houses with enormous plots that I will never own. But I digress.
A sunny day
me unable to comprehend how this came
one billion naira due to the agency by the commercial department of
It partially has something to do with how other people view the situation. I left WoW, started playing SWTOR, and if I go back to WoW, it must be because TOR failed in some way. Even the slightest hint of talking about coming back to WoW spurs old guildmates’ chuckles about how BAD The Old Republic must be. But it’s not. Each game fulfills a certain need of mine. I enjoy them both in different ways. It drives me nuts to hear people talk like that. It reminds me of the ‘old days’ when – one moment, gotta get my old man hat and rocking chair out… there we go. – when we used to argue and battle about SEGA vs. Nintendo. You could only like one. You had to throw your hat in with one or other. Which was completely STUPID. And worse, continues to happen to this day with Sony/Microsoft/Nintendo or MMOs like Rift/TOR/WoW.
Once the brakes are in, all that’s left are front mech, saddle, rack and luggage and we’re ready to roll.
I think Stoke will end the year in the top 10, which would assure their highest finish since they were promoted.
Schrader SM, Kesner JS. 1993. Mechanisms of Male Reproductive Toxicology. Chapter 1. Occupational and Environmental Reproductive Hazards: A Guide for Clinicians. Paul M (Ed.) Williams and Wilkins, Baltimore, MD, 1993: 3-17.
1 fresh
For instance, I love the question on page 30, "What are some of the things you have learned from your children?"
Greg toyed with his beer. “You’re confused? What about me? I thought she wanted to get married—she’s been hinting at it for months, so I finally decided to ask her. Know what she said?”
While I can be a traditional, draw-within-the-lines kind-of-guy, I can and do appreciate the occasional modern art masterpiece (translation: big and ugly) or atonal musical composition when the mood strikes. My taste in art has no discernable name or standard, but I like what I like. Not an original statement, but a truthful one.
This sequence of events leaves only the Christmas Tree Fairy ready to accept that David Cameron was unbiased in the way Murdoch’s BSkyB bid was treated. And as for an email emanating from Hunt’s office saying that the goal was to arrive at ‘game over’ for opponents of the bid….how else is one to interpret that other than Jeremy Hunt acting as a glorifed rent boy for the Murdochs?
What can I do, do, do, do
They are donating 5 $5.00 gift certificates and 5 2x2 pink ribbon die cuts for your cuttlebug/bigshoot!
Meanwhile, in Sibu and Kuching, the rally tomorrow will be held at the Central Market and in the Kuching Waterfront area.
With this newly acquired strength, she offers herself to others in “Leopard Frog.” Once again, she structures the poem around possibility with a series of “What ifs”: “What if you should find me/ on a windy day, my body curled/ around a red oak trunk, my head/ at rest on granite, my hands in prayer.” She encourages the “you” to notice what she looks like, to feel her cheek, to reach her hand inside her pocket and not to be afraid: “do not pull back, but pull within yourself/ and listen.” Listening to Patricia Lee Lewis has its benefits:
03. Prelude to Le Cube
The Hilton Bandung has challenged the way hotels are designed and experienced in the Asian urban context. The building stands out, capturing the city’s present state of development, but its usage of glass and stone-covered walls resonates with the city’s heritage and therefore engages emotionally with its largely Indonesian guests. The building does not compete with the predominantly Art Deco-styled buildings in the area influenced by Bandung’s Dutch colonial past but complements and reinforces the tradition of glamorous travel with which Bandung has historically been associated.
The Capitals opened their 2012 season at the historic Smithtown Grounds in Long Island this past Saturday against the Brooklyn Atlantics Base Ball Club, where they dropped a pair of matches to the defending Mid-Atlantic champs. Afterwards, it was back to their carriages for the trip into Brooklyn.
The Hunger Games (in English) trilogy and Calvin Klein One perfume from my boyfriend,
P’raps when a crane is passing by?”
A strange happiness with you.
I think some people actually took this as a joke on my FB, but what I had to deal with was much more serious. Especially, since I couldn't find anyone to give me a ride to Downtown Disney and had to take yet another taxi to the tire center. On top of that, rolling the tire on the side of the road, was becoming a little dangerous.
Psalm 139 -
The first time you use Amazon MP3, they do ask you to download the downloader. Once you’ve downloaded that, you can begin to start buying songs, and it’s really easy to use.
(Also note that the BMI is featuring a beer-tasting event with Hugh Sisson of Heavy Seas Beer on December 7th. See the BMI website for details.)
Launch date – Thursday 22nd March
Thanks friends!
2) Taking care of your decoden items:
Summary from publisher's website: Carlos Fuentes isn't happy about leaving Mexico to start the "new" life his older brother, Alex, has planned for him. Carlos liked his freedom; living life on the edge - just like Alex did.
It brings me immense satisfaction whenever the cake came out nice and fluffy...or that loaf of bread turn out a perfect square when I slide open the lid of the pullman tin. Not forgetting the excitement when I unmold a chiffon cake; and the overwhelming stress of having to swipe the palette knife over and over and over again to make the frosting appear as smooth as possible on a birthday cake. I guess the most rewarding part of the whole process is the great pleasure it brings when I see my loved ones wolfing down my 'labour of love'.
Cost: $80 per person in advance; $100 per person at the door
When I have seen by Time’s fell hand defac’d
more twine ...
Forgiveness is so far away
ON EQUIPMENT:
"I kept having problems with three or four sheep jumping the fence at the same time and it made them hard to count!"
Let's see: On a distant island somewhere (it's in Europe, never mind) a paunchy voodoo priest (James Sampson) chanting in a pastel-bright cave is shot by trigger-happy scientists who are there to help save the islanders with their research...which doesn't make a damn bit of sense. But before he does, he imparts a spell which possesses his wife (or girlfriend, or common law partner or backup dancer or something) with glowing pink beams that send her underground then spits her back out as an ugly toothed, drooling zombie - or maybe more of a demon, since it looks for everything like she was more possessed than zombified, but hey, I'm no tubby voodoo priest, either. So they try and shoot her too but she handily (and messily) kills them for the most part, but a few manage to escape her, only to be hunted down by OTHER zombies in black pajamas until a man and woman and their little 3 or 4 year-old daughter escape...well, except for the mom and dad. Yeah, just like any good John Hughes movie, the kid is smart and escapes, the adults are stupid and get eaten by zombies.
It's odd and wonderful, this image of musicians at work, not only because this technology is so distant now. It's a photo of the musicians but it's also a photo of a process, the process of making a record, then a recent technology and industry. It's odd because it's relatively informal, in an age when photographs tended to be a formal record. You'd expect musicians to want to be seen in suits and bow ties on the bandstand. Here, instead, they seem proud to be seen at work in the recording studio, tieless, shirt sleeves rolled up, but looking clean and neat nevertheless, trousers neatly pressed, the gloss of brilliantined hair clearly visible.
The center’s founders are ambitious. They purchased a 44,000 square foot East Side school and went to work with a vengeance restoring it.
Never have we had the prospect of an Olympic champion and World champion meeting in these circumstances - both being double champions and both young and fit and in what appears to be their prime! Berlin could give us a double treat. In the meantime, as long as we get this type of performance from them both along the way, this is going to be one entertaining summer.
Now that very day two of them were going to a village seven miles from Jerusalem called Emmaus, and they were conversing about all the things that had occurred. And it happened that while they were conversing and debating, Jesus himself drew near and walked with them, but their eyes were prevented from recognizing him.
Party bag
Thinking about my English bike (notes on my Love Affair here) and if I would have any luck riding it on the streets of Ho Chi Minh. My guess is that anyone who has been there would think I was dreaming....
And this marks my virgin experience with blogging. I’ve never really liked the idea of blogging. Maybe it’s the lack of privacy- the feeling of how everyone else is peeking over your shoulders- or the unshakeable feeling that every blog is just a performance, a show- I mean, one can’t exactly post one’s innermost secrets or thoughts online right? And what’s the point of blogging when one can’t be true to one’s feelings? For me, blogging, or writing in general, is therapeutic- a way for me to reflect, to understand myself better. Hence, my lack of infatuation with blogging when everyone else was so into it.
Thomas Harris, Sen. John Whipple, jr.
At one point all of the blogger delegates - 400 of us - sat in the main auditorium and were told to get our phones out, right now, and tweet about our day. Most already had their phones or iPads out anyway, and were beavering away. I don't have a smartphone. I was very aware that what I did have in my handbag were two battered paperbacks from a second-hand bookshop. The night before I had arrived late to my hotel because I had stopped off at the BFI to watch a black and white film. It is a quite a strange experience, being told you are one of the driving forces of a cyber revolution when you're actually a bit of a Luddite.
Soon, no doubt, if it be your pleasure
Moon sped forth across the beach to the greyhound.
And to think, I started college as a THEATER major.
“They must be evacuated, obviously,” I said, annoyed. I don’t like being rushed into any decision, especially one as important as this.
The Parish Church of St Andrew is one of the four ancient parish churches of Newcastle. The present building was begun in the 12th Century, and the last addition to it, apart from the vestries, was the main porch in 1726.
Let’s ignore for a minute that neither Golden Flax nor Almond is prescribed in the recipe provided by this particular bible verse. Let’s also ignore that this is not being purchased in a storage jar, and that it is not bread that they are selling…
Why is it that the comedians like Stewart seem to be the only ones to get it right, and then actually say it.
I am going to be totally exhausted by Sunday night, but in a good way. I hope everyone else is having a pleasant holiday weekend, no matter how you choose to celebrate it.
Steam some sweet potato. Leave the skin on, it's full of nutrients. Just give them a good scrub. Cook extra, you'll use them during the week in salads. Your small, elongated logs should take ~20minutes to steam through nicely. They'll be just like in Thailand at Baan Dada. Nature's candy. They're unbelievably good, no embellishments required.
Jan Blawat - How to make a pineapple cheesecake, Sacramento Mountain Lions and American gun laws.
I’m especially wary of taking career advice from most adults. I’ll listen to my parents most times ( since they have a vested interest in my success) and some select few whose opinions I really trust, but other than that, I might as well be deaf.
It will be interesting to watch this beer in years to come. The unpredictability of the chilis will produce something a little different each time. I look forward to sitting down to each new batch, never knowning what will happen when I tip the glass toward my waiting tongue.
Which leads me to think...am I just over-reacting? There is snow in the forecast for this weekend and my garden is already starting to shoot! Yesterday we had a high of 51 with blue sunny skies, gorgeous! I woke to a frost this morning with temps of 34...how ever will my plants cope from such extremes?
I completed each exercise 3 times and I was thrilled when that timer beeped for the last time. After it beeped I had a brief moment where I wondered how I was going to get off the floor because I didn't want to have to crunch up to get up because I knew it was going to hurt.
Well, it's count down to the week-end and though it's only been a three day work week for me, I can't wait to see FRIDAY! I think the hardest week of the year is the first week of the year. Typically people are worried about resolutions, not eating certain things, coming back from vacation, if they used all their benefits for the fiscal year. . . The list could just go on and on. For my family and friends we are usually beginning a consecration, so on January 1st, we are worried about making sure we get all our favorite terrible foods in before we start the fast. January 2nd-4th, we worry if we can make it on water for the first three days of the fast. No matter what it is you stress about, week one of January is always somewhat stressful.
looking at you?
The media (Corporate Media) for far too long have not informed the people well and kept us pretty much in the “unknown” for a reason. I am sure we will hear the media reporting the protesters are young people, lazy and don’t want to work, or they are hippies, or their arresting them because they are trouble makers. Don’t believe it! Don’t be fooled!
Almost a year ago in a piece called There's Madness To The Madness, while having a great time kicking the shit out of Pepsi for their disastrous Refresh nonsense, I made one of my rare predictions...
Cosmetics: Love – Wingtip Liner, La Malvada Mujer – Tintable Eyebrows, Body Co – Ivy – Dramatic Lipstick (new!)
I did notice a couple of questions in the comments for how to make an altered book on the Graphic 45 blog.
It reminds me that it's not so bad,
From Panajachel: Lungi, Christine, Madi, Kristen, Cali, Larissa, Kelly, Alan, and Kenneth, and special thanks to Pana Super and La Palapa for their kind donations of food and beverage.
This a video made from supporters of this cause:
Bryan shifted in the chair, “No, I walked over here. I work at the Water Tower for a consultants firm. I just left and decided to leave my car so I could enjoy a few libations. Mind if I tag along with you two in the taxi?”
A breath of resignation escapes your lips as you realize the end is nigh, as it clicks in your head that there is nothing you can do to change the way these things played out, the way you lived your life. Embrace it; make love to it. Take the locusts and the cancers and make them your new mistresses. Welcome the Plague Year. In 2003 they formed from the ashes of Joshua Fit For Battle and Neil Perry, and they were amongst the first bands to make me fall in love with the genre of skramz; the first to make me understand that the soundtrack in my head existed somewhere physically. The fury that comes with that sense of teenage angst, the slow sounds of doom that came with your first existential breakdown, the serenity that came with the realization that it would happen anyway, and all you could do was accept.
- Yer uncle brought us some nice weed over.
Taylor is working his tail off for 18 hours days. 6 days a week. I'm so proud of him for achieving his goals and loving the jobs that he has.
zest of 2 oranges
held aloft by Souls mate in Salvation;
This was an odd museum show – proof comic book pages hung on the wall, sometimes too high to see, sometimes too low to be comfortable. I lingered in this show. I went back. I went back again. Ware’s understanding of how a person sees is extraordinary. You move through his narratives, always finding the next point and next step without quite understanding how you arrived there visually. If I would have had this small show adjacent to Rauschenberg’s Combines, the visual satisfaction probably would have been too much to bear.
Every month we'll read a book as a group. Then answer a few (say...3-5?!) questions so that we're comparing the books on the same set of merits.
One of the Oh-Dark Thirty mornings.
into the post of frost,
Four actors create nine characters whose lives intersect in seemingly random incidents throughout “Speaking in Tongues.” This intriguing trilogy of interwoven stories unveils a lonely marriage, a missing person, indiscretion and betrayal. On an isolated road, a leading psychiatrist disappears. As a detective works to piece together what happened, he delivers a puzzle of relationships in crisis. People are not who they seem to be. This highly charged thriller is a painfully honest and wickedly funny drama about making mistakes and living with the consequences.
In spite of everything we left with smiles on our faces...especially GenRose! Sue Ellen's daughter (I think it was her daughter) came running out to catch us as were leaving and said her brother liked Gen and wanted her cell phone number! Mel said not today, maybe in the next couple of years and waved good bye.
When we realise this we realise the critical value of good parenting. The more love, encouragement and affirmation a child gets in his or her formative years, the less help they’ll need in later years.
Just across the street, out of the weather, a blank page for him to fill.
Wow, sewing up a storm over here, and pretending to be a pro! So, one of my last nursery projects (yes, ONE of the last...) was this laundry basket.
You wanna see something?
Papers : Minerva 5th Avenue 12"X12", 5th Avenue 6"X6" paper pad - All by Melissa Frances
Tris was a total spazz. She would make a decision one chapter then change her mind in the next. She would leap to new stages of development within the space of a paragraph instead of a convincing build up. That was the core problem with her character: lack of conviction. If her motivations had actually been explained, her Messiah complex might have been believable, but she was useless expect for making trouble. Always doing something inevitably stupid before thinking it through...and everyone got it -- even random Erudite kids -- except her.
One of the best recordings and performances from Tour Of The Americas 1975. Absolutely excellent show Mike Millard is the taper of this one.
John 11:5-6 Jesus loved Martha and her sister and Lazarus. Yet when he heard that Lazarus was sick, he stayed where he was two more days.
What do you mean by 'what exactly are you trying to say'? Which paragraph or sentence do you not understand and want me to explain.
i'd say the incredible shrinking yard, but our yard is about an acre. as we get deep into the dog days of summer, everything is lush, very green and beautiful.
b. Large predatory insects native to Kaol
I can't explain why all the pubs, and the town itself are quiet. It's 4pm on a Sunday afternoon at the back-end of October. But I believe a pint is worth what I charge for it. Otherwise I wouldn't charge it. Profit for sanity, Turnover for vanity and all that. I agree price is a factor, but there is a lot more going into the marketing mix.
The Cervejaria is in the refectory of an old monastery, and is known for two things: its steaks, and the brilliant azulejos that decorate its walls. We were intrigued by the azulejos, which feature quite a few topless women, leading to the question of why that décor would be used in a monastery. (We learned later that they were installed after the monastery had already been converted to a brewery, which took a lot of the fun out of it. Dang.)
go off
But why are some of them crying ??
I rest my case...
The airstrike came as the U.S. and Yemen cooperate in a battle against al-Qaida in southern Yemen.
I’m going with one-and-a-half out of five for Tezz…awfully boring for a film that promises speed and thrills……Read Full Reivew
I came by to check that it still there and had not been secreted away to another location. Yup. Still there.
(I’m not done yet– but it’s a good start!)
STEVEN: I suspect I would have a better career if I would write faster and I'm trying, but it's not absolutely necessary to be the fast writer. Between Gravity's Rainbow and Vineland Thomas Pynchon had a short story collection but Gravity was published in 1973 and Vineland was 17 years later, to the month. A Feast For Crows by George RR Martin was out in 2005 and its sequel is out just now.
14. It’s ok to be afraid, but it’s not ok to let fear stop you from doing what you love
talking and laughing and making merry.
cream,raspberry,?lavender,grape,lemon and teal (bottom row L-R)
Sometimes, we just have to surrender to our plans
Maybe there are more important issues in this election: the economy and jobs, for example, but Republicans have made their comeback on value issues—taking back the country and all. If that is what they created, the monster will not ask their permission to turn on them, which seems to be happening.
What happened, in fact, was the classic college prank of the "Upper Decker." The act, which is described as 'doing one's business in the upper tank of the toilet instead of in the bowl,' is one of the worst pranks imaginable. When the next poor unsuspecting person flushes the toilet, thing get bad in a hurry. The Prince, and several other members of his party, was observed laughing as they left Hemlock Winery.
12. Who Is It - Björk, Choir, Mark Bell & Me
Make a loaf, make muffins, make mini muffins, whatever you want! I now have a stash of these muffins in my freezer, along with the ever growing stash of bananas. I’m not complaining!
Nov 15 Glasgow Barrowlands Glasgow
I've used some white and kraft cardstock at the main base for the LO, then added in lots of Hambly transparencies. Here are some close-up's:
In the first faint dawn of speech.
Life throws us many curve balls; some we see coming and we do not swing at. Some we don’t see coming and find ourselves looking back as the ball passes to see nothing but the catcher smiling. That would be me, looking back at one ugly catcher. To answer your questions though…
They both took about two bites and then dug their heels in..."we're not eating this". I remained calm. I reasoned with them. I "indulged" them by listening to their tale of woe. But finally, I told them, if you don't eat it now you will eat it the next time you tell my "I'm hungry".
"The Vintage Hatbox"..~~
There are actually close to 70 different Belgian breweries
It is always a truly peculiar situation. The tension residing in the interstices between the one and the other. The stark juxtaposition between percept and affect. The grinding in between. The antagonism we reference above is resultant of one being thrown amongst the detritus of society. Those forgotten. That’s how it begins. A violence that confronts the somnambulist as they are awakened from their complacent, passive, acceptance of the world about. The attempt to striate the miasma, to diffuse the smell, to relegate and delineate roles and responsibility, has created a zone of possibility where finally . . . finally, the representative becomes expressive. This I believe was the goal and intent of a Ms. Zoe Strauss. An utterance that could finally be discerned from the constructed milieu of an art world, of a home, of a people. One that resounded “don’t forget us”.
I don't think I've ever put aside an entire day to write. It would scare me. I would end up cleaning the fridge and washing the windows instead. Over the past eight years, I've written four published books, one soon-to-be published novel, three unpublishable romance novels, and the opening chapters of a children's book. These were my 'side projects', written in and around and between countless mortgage-paying magazine articles and the fulltime, then part-time, then full-time, then part-time care of my two children.
This week we are in Cuba. I have never been there but it is on my list, want to dance Salsa there. The music from Buena Vista Social Club is popular in our house. On looking at photos from Cuba while researching it seemed that advertising by painting on walls was popular so that is my theme. My music man is a stamp from Urban Snap Shots and he is stamped in black Stazon onto glossy card that was stamped prior to that with music from Happen Stamps which was embossed with clear embossing powder. I used a brick stamp from Hobby Art to create my background wall. The distressing is with DI Pumice Stone, Vintage Photo and Walnut Stain.
Uggy in The Artist
now a little piece of magic. this is the stuff that dreams are made of (found via the one and only .la douleur exquise.)
When Mr. Man started counting the plates I was flinging upon the table for lunch, it became apparent it was a numbers kind of day. There’s nothing wrong with those; there are many good reasons to count things, and many things to count. As we were finishing lunch, Bugaboo chimed in, “It must nap time for Mr. Man and Baby Guy. They’re cranky, and the clock says it’s after twelve.”
According to Glas Yavnosti, writing about one of the failed investigations regarding the fate of around 300 abducted Kosovo Serbs who were taken to northern Albania, Del Pontae says that the kidnapped young men were not beaten and were well fed. There was an improvised surgery room in one of the houses, where young Serbs had their internal organs removed to be shipped over the Tirana airport "Mother Theresa" abroad, where the organs of the healthy young Serbs were sold.
We can see the upper ball joint (UBJ) that links the upright to the wishbone is created with a clevis bolted the upright. The wishbones outer end holds the spherical bearing. Shims between the clevis and the upright adjust the static camber. The lower ball joint (LBJ) is a fixed mounting and is not adjustable. We can see in the case of the Caterham that the lower end of the pushrod is mounted to the wishbone and the not upright. It joins near the spherical bearing in order to keep the bending load in the wishbone end to a minimum.
'Sometimes you can hear the hill humming,’ Arabella said, ‘if you listen carefully.’
Recently, the school had a second hand sale on uniforms. I felt like I struck gold by finding the oldest shirts in the school. To me, that means, the Softest and that is excellent for my kid! He is 5 years old, and he wants to wear size 12 shirts. They are big and don’t cling to him. Also, discovering the Gap undershirts has been a miracle in our lives. My friend Diane has a red head boy (I believe red heads are more sensitive) and they recommended the Gap undershirts.
What is a spiritual doula?
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to use every excuse in the book as to why I do not walk a self agreement based on self respect and self dignity but just continue to fall back into past patterns of abuse.
Arcade Fire
I will be the first to admit that I was shocked, intrigued, and, yes even excited to see both John Cena and Brock Lesnar bloodied and beaten at the end of their Extreme Rules match. But does blood an excellent Extreme Rules Match make? In this girls opinion, absolutely not. For my money, Sheamus versus Daniel Bryan and CM Punk versus Chris Jericho tied for the match of the night. (The reason I scored them a tie is because of how different the matches were.) Sheamus and Daniel Bryan put on a thrilling 2-out-of-3 falls match. Both men went into the match with a plan, and both men told a great story through their actions in the ring. Chris Jericho and Punk beat the bloody hell out of each and incorporated an interesting wrestling match to boot. They incorporated all of the story elements of their feud into an exciting and non-stop fight, that gave us the best moment of the night when Punk jumped off of the top rope onto and through Jericho and the Spanish Announce Table.
Okay, so bottom line....we're caught up on Revenge, and we're feeling no pain...and it's way too late to participate in Friday Night Sew In. Whatever...it was a good night nonetheless.
Preheat the broiler. Wash asparagus and snap off bottoms of stems. Arrange asparagus on baking sheet in a single layer. Lightly drizzle with olive oil and season to taste with salt and pepper.
This Sunday I'll be going to Bead Fest here in the Philadelphia area. I usually come home with bags of freshwater pearls, crystals, some fine stone beads and some interesting findings. Should be fun.
my copy, of course, is without the signature. i'm not sure why they issued non-signed versions as the card is clearly meant to be signed.
Charlotte Leslie - Les Filles C'est Fait Pour Faire L'Amour
Post baby I’m back in my size 8s, but I have a new relationship with food. I eat because I enjoy eating, and I exercise because it’s my time, and feel I have a good balance. I can even take a bite of a bar of chocolate and put it in my handbag without worrying about having to finish the lot.
Love is in the air as Chris, Emma, Michael and Will steep themselves in French romance as The Time Team assemble to see the Tenth Doctor fall for Madame de Pompadour in the 2006 episode The Girl in the Fireplace - but what will the team make of this dangerous liaison?
The Chinese have a term for it. It’s called “killing with a borrowed knife” and involves having another nation do its dirty work. “It is true that North Korea is the front man delivering the missiles to terrorist countries,” wrote Triplett, “But behind North Korea, the Chinese are enriching themselves by selling parts, service, production tools, training, and the development of future models.”
The supper which revives, and enkindles love.
This news might have made me cry tears of joy … I said might.
While the chances of something bizarre like this ever happening again are about a gazillion to one, be safe my lovelies and watch out for those crazy kamikaze rats just waiting to wreak havoc on the world!
suite of minute rooms…A narrow door appeared in front of me…. In the middle of the bedroom, on the floor, was a coffin about to be closed. There was for me a flash of light in the brief glimpse of the pale, beautiful, noble, solemn face of death, on the point of vanishing forever.”
T-Minus 7 minutes and counting.
And then....
Every Tuesday over at Bugaboo they release new images and this week it's Poppi Penguin, isn't he cute! I would have to say that penguins, snowmen, and snowflakes are my favorite Christmas images.
If a parent wants the type of detailed "how many f*cks?" "is there kissing with tongue" "is it blasphemous" type of review, fine. Great! I even think CommonSenseMedia is a great resource for us readers who don't count the number of times a kid talks back to an adult, but have patrons who want to know. CommonSenseMedia does NOT say "don't read this book" or "this book is evil"; rather, they give a detailed analysis of the factors they think set off alarm bells for adults who monitor the reading choices of their children.
A picture, in this case, is worth a whole lot less than a thousand words, because the picture is a video, and a video can be edited so that the aggressor appears like the innocent victim.
I love my son so very dearly.
I would like to express to you:
8. Speaking of the porch, it's very common to find porch furniture here - wicker chairs and tables, maybe a quirky hatstand or a wooden bench. It's so wonderfully foreign to me. The most you'd get in a London front garden would be an empty can of Special Brew someone had tossed over on their way back from the party outside the public urinal. The only thing I can't understand is why I've never, ever seen someone sitting out on their porch on their beautifully arranged porch furniture, having a gas and singing some blues (oh no, that's more Kentucky...).
I don't know if I know all the copic colors because my hard-disk with al my pictures and the list what's on a card is crashed.
La Plata Peak (14,336'). Pow-hike to the summit from Highway 82 of 1:23:55. Mixed in a fair bit of running (about 25min worth) on the way down in 1:02. Had the mountain almost entirely to myself the whole way and made it down just before the sun really set and it got dark.
You can make a journal for anything that you want and it is a good method of counseling for anyone that is going through something in his or her life that is difficult.
Ramsey noted that her eyes widened as she verbally assaulted him. He sensed the fear that had begun to edge her demeanor, brought to the surface by the knowledge of who and what he was. For a moment, he stared into fascinatingly beautiful deep emerald eyes contrasted against pale skin and soft light-colored red hair. What he caught a glimpse of within sent lust rushing over him instantly. Earlier in the evening, he’d not given much conscious thought to the woman other than she was Giselle’s aunt, and a royal pain in the arse. But obviously his body had a mind of its own because he now wanted her fiercely, the power over his libido became hard to tamp down.
This course is applicable to Mauser 91, 92, 93, 94, 96 & 98s, Enfield 1914/17, Springfield ‘03s, Arisakas and more! The AGI How-To Rebarrel & Blueprint Military Bolt Action Rifles is available at www.americangunsmith.com for only $79.95 (Product ID# 328DVD).
I’m bleeding
Summertime we went berry picking. We would walk in a little path to the upper end of the island. Blackberries would be the first to get ripe. We got lots of them to keep Mother going, making cakes and puddings. After that it would be raspberries, red currants, and blueberries, enough to keep us busy all summer. Mother would go to the marshes to pick bakeapples and bottle them. They were delicious for desserts, lasting all through the winter. When I got older, I joined up with a crowd and we would row over to the main shore to pick bakeapples. We would be gone all day, especially if they were plentiful. We would light a fire and boil the kettle on the beach and sit down for a big feed of smoked salmon and homemade bread. Some people on the island had smokehouses and smoked salmon all summer long. We enjoyed our trip and our feeds, making sure we got home before dark. I remember the first trip I had away from home. My mother took us up to Glovertown on the steamer. It was at night and as we were coming up the bay a little bird flew down in the cabin. That caused quite a bit of excitement. Mail was carried by the steamer, both in Newfoundland and Labrador. To send a letter to someone on the Labrador, it had to be addressed to the person, name the schooner, in care of Labrador Afloat. If they chanced to connect with the steamer, they got their mail, but if not, they would be gone all summer without a word from home. If there were a death at home the steamer would raise a black flag. If there were a telegram for anyone on our island, a flag would be raised on a pole at Fair Island. Someone would go up in boat to get the message. Often it wasn't for the person who went for the message, but there was much co-operation among the people. The mail boat brought our mail and we loved to see it coming in the harbour. To get the train we would go by passenger boat to Gambo to connect with it. My first trip on the train was when I was about twelve years old. My mother went to Fair Island with me where we met with Caleb Ackerman who was going through on the train. I was going to Glovertown, so she put me in his care. All my teenage years I spent away from home. The first summer I spent at Traytown with Uncle John and Aunt Florence Littlejohn. Aunt Florence's family were all grown so she wrote Mother and asked her to let me come and spend the summer with her. The following summer I came back to Traytown to work with the Kean family. When I was fifteen, I went to Glovertown to work with Aunt Jane Holloway. She had four sons at home, but was unable to work. She was a dear lady and each day would manage to get downstairs and sit in her chair. She showed me what to do. I would wash, cook, and clean for them. People were so limited in those days, with no jobs and very little money. I remember I got five dollars and bought myself a nice grey coat. I was so pleased with it, and later got enough to buy a pair of white sneakers. Aunt Jane taught me how to card and spin sheep's wool. I knitted socks for the boys. That benefited me much in years to come. The next time I left home it was with my parents. They moved up to Lockyer's Bay to cut logs. I spent one night with them. The next day I went to Hare Bay and got a job with Percy and Nellie Wells who owned a business and took boarders. I earned five dollars a month. I stayed for six months and went home in the spring. Transportation from Hare Bay wasn't easy. I knew the Matthews brothers were at Trinity building their schooner and would be going to the island on the weekend. I decided to go Trinity and go home with them. There I met Walter Matthews, who became my boyfriend and later my husband. Later that spring I made up my mind to do something I never thought I could do, because I didn't like being on the water. I was always seasick.
Wulff M, Högberg U, Stenlund H. Occupational and environmental risks of spontaneous abortions around a smelter. Am J Ind Med 2002; 41: 131-138.
Only Apple-registered developers may attend WWDC, but the entry bar is low: Programmers pay only $99 for a year’s membership to the Cupertino, Calif. company’s developer program, and there are no other eligibility requirements.
"What are 'show-ers' and 'grow-ers'?"
That spring a wonderful thing happen. The old woman's tea bushes grew lush and tender leaves. The tea was so frangrant and lovely that all the villages wanted to share in her tea. She gladly gave them cuttings and seed. So all the tea bushes in Dragon Well were eventually planted from those bushes. The tea became famous through-out the land and instead of being called "Old wife's Tea" it coined a new name called "The Ancestor of Tea".
I thought now would be a great time to share pictures from the 1stdibs opening reception at the New York Design Center in February. Karina was so nervous the first time she went to Manhattan to set up her booth she had a panic attack before boarding her flight back to New Orleans. Of course, I made sure I was at the airport to pick her up (in sweats, sneakers, no makeup, who cares?) to circumvent a reoccurrence, but I had to use subterfuge because like all strong people she said she'd 'be fine'. I looked her flight up online and just showed up. I went to the Garment District to research fabric wholesalers and when I returned two hours later Karina was gorgeously turned out in a little black dress and super high heels.
Has this always been around, this lottery?
The book mentions five top skills that help kids succeed at school as researched by Dr Stephen Elliott of Vanderbilt University. They are:
And the most depressing thing about all this is that it isn't going to get any better for you over there. Because helping the little people isn't the priority of your unelected government.
Last year injuries put that streak to rest and also took a heavy toll on the Giants' season. This year has been no different. Shaun O'Hara is still a question heading into Sunday's game with Minnesota due to a bum foot that won't let up. David Diehl however should be back in action this week. His practices went well and he seems like a go to return from a partially torn hamstring.
One could conclude that the women shifted into an innate knowing of their value and worthiness as being something that is internal and eternal, rather than external and fleeting. Now let’s take a look at the findings for the men, as they also experienced a profound shift in their values.
3) A friend in Toronto, a former newspaper colleague, sent me to someone highly regarded there. She demanded 15,000 words and then blew me off after reading them with one sentence. Dick.
of thy everlasting love.
Yes, we are the sheep in this metaphor. We are not rational actors, rational consumers, or rational voters… despite how we like to think about ourselves. We are still, when it comes to our behavior, ninety-five percent animal. Some significant portion of that ninety-five percent is caring, nurturing, compassionate, and ultra-social mammal, which gives some comfort. But the main point emerging out of contemporary psychological research, is that the language-based, cognitive, stream of consciousness, narrative-production aspects of the self with which most of us internally identify are only a small part of our total self. More importantly, none of these aspects are actually in charge, despite our internal perception that this is the case. Just as a small case in point00.: why is it so easy to have moments of cognitive or intellectual revelation (a-ha moments, if you prefer), and so difficult to turn these moments into lasting changes in behavior, thought, or lifestyle? The answer, according to the data, is because those changes have to be ‘trained’ into our other systems in order to become our new defaults. Will alone is not sufficient, because will alone is not in charge.
However, AOL successfully rebutted the PTO's case. It submitted a "snapshot of NEXIS printouts" for the period 15-30 June 2004, as to which the Board concluded that "the majority of the articles refer to applicant."
Jetty, Jetty, Jetty. First of all, you are colorblind! With that said, Real Men can rock pink in their worlds if they want to. Most neighbors appreciate that we scoop the poop and do not judge you by your scoop bag color; they like you because of who you are. When we walk with our pack and someone needs a bag, they always know you will share yours. Pride in who you are, thoughtfulness and sharing far outweigh the small issue of scoop bag colors, wouldn’t you say my boy? Wow Mom, never thought of it that way, thanks. Bring on the fuchsia!
5/6 Slice has cheese and olives
What are some ways you have trimmed costs on your wedding?
I know what's flowing into rivers besides water.
And meanwhile, true anorexia nervosa continues to be misunderstood and stereotyped. Recovery programs focusing on “inner beauty” and “defeating size 0″ may work on the diet-gone-wrong set, but for the women who spend years living with the disorder, shuffling from one treatment facility to the other, or succumbing to the complications of starvation, affirmations and body-positive campaigns do precious little.
The episode, rumoured to be called ‘The Gunslingers’ (like a possible sequel to the 1966 serial?), is currently filming the Wild West-set locations shooting in Spain, where many western cowboy films have also been shot. It has been confirmed in the latest Doctor Who Magazine #445 that it is the third episode of the series and has been written by Toby Whithouse (creator/writer of Being Human, and writer of Doctor Who ‘School Reunion’, ‘Vampires In Venice’ & ‘The God Complex’).
After 2014, cash deficits are expected to grow rapidly as the
And, in honor of her birthday, and N.M.D., and also in honor of my 'rita loving friend, Deb, I enjoyed a margarita tonight. Yes, just A margarita. It would have been two, but DH beat me to the leftovers in the pitcher.
with Mama keeping the curious chickens at bay.
Several years back, I pastored a college gathering in a coffee shop. It wasn’t the shiniest of gatherings, and from the outside I must have looked like a bumbling idiot trying to learn how to shepherd students just a few years younger than I was through some crucial seasons.
Coriander, finely chopped - 2 tbsp. Optional
Before Before:
Would probably be good with two pumps of vanilla syrup as a sweetener.
“Yes. At least a couple times a week. I haven’t actually seen her sleep walk, but I know she does. In the morning we wake up and there’s sand in the bed. Sometimes the sheets are damp. Our cottage is right by the sea. I’m afraid she’ll drown in her sleep, doctor.”
p.s. if you are interested in commissioning a canvas painting, please email me at kristen.fountain@gmail.com. Shipping is available.
For those of you who haven't seen Clip It Up products before, they are FABULOUS! I "stole" a Clip It Up Jumbo for myself about a year ago and I love it. I use it to store my stickers and rub-ons for papercrafting, but I may have to grab myself another to use for fabric too. You can decorate and alter your Clip-It-Up products to match your craft rooms, or suit your needs. Here's one that is beautifully decorated with My Mind's Eye products (by a guest designer on the Clip-It-Up blog).
Where is Comfort and Joy Found?
We like horses here - even the dogs - horses smell good....
WHACK!
Fake EXO-K and EXO-M autographed albums sold on EBay
(Also FB is a tremendous waste of time and I don’t like to piddle around that much. Capricorn, you know.)
And of course I couldn't forget my own lovely mother (pictured above with her first child, my older sister Daryllyn) on this most perfect weekend. My mom is a legend. She's mothered 9 (and is actually still mothering...2 are still under her wing at home) creative, strong, spirited, and dare I say somewhat challenging (OK, I'm owning up to that one) children and she did it with creativity, humor and fun. My mother is all about fun. And I swear, it's a big thing that has kept my family close. We just LOVE to be together so much because we have SO MUCH FUN and love to LAUGH! My mom's a California girl all the way too. She grew up in South Pasadena (where we recently moved from) and even though she's been in Colorado for many many years, she just can't shake her laid back California ways and she NEVER wears anything but sandals. I think there was a short period in the 80's when she would wear boots in the winter, but that didn't last and to this day she still wears sandal wedges in the winter. After living in gorgeous Cali for three years, I can relate to how hard it is to put socks back on when you've been going without them for long.
Sighing, I reached for the nasty bag of Old El Paso tortillas I'd kept in reserve. They were coming off the bench.
14. Trampoline
Your hand can't touch me anymore
Never, ever, mess with a mama in labor.
In RPGs, this is often represented as some extra skills or a bump in versatility. Sometimes it shows up as a variety of bland special edges that give humans mild statistical advantages over their buddies. In general, this one always bothers me because it’s based off of the principle that humans don’t like to lose and adapt themselves so they don’t. This, however, is fairly common with all successful lifeforms, since you don’t survive in the big, bad world without some ability to Outlast/Outplay/Outwit.
Ah, yes, my soul delighteth in the the scriptures.
561730 Landscaping services
Stand in a long line in the rain
We don't sleep alone. We sleep next to our significant other, if we're lucky. But most often there's a chorus of "Mooooom!" through the night and we bounce from bed, to bed, to bed. I hafta tell ya, the last time I bounced beds like this I may have qualified as a slut. Just sayin'.
“The garden is like a friendly oasis. There’s nothing really like it,” Hildur says, and Sigga and Gabríela agree. “We have to remember, that a lively city centre isn’t all about fancy buildings or shops stuffed with fashionable things. We can find that elsewhere. Those who travel to new countries look for a centre with a soul. That’s what Sirkus and everything surrounding it is all about. If we talk about city planning, people need to think whether they want to have this kind of culture or not. And this doesn’t only apply to Sirkus, but to all sorts of places facing demolition and reconstruction” Gabríela says.
1-26-11
In stories Imperfection is actually the new perfection. The smudge of imperfection in characters adds an unexplainable and undefinable appeal to the characters. Most popular characters are loaded with imperfection. I personally feel that’s where their attraction lies.
Love & Monsters
naughty part is..i supposed to work on my monthly stithcy list..
And you know what else? Howard Patrick Simpson is in the U.S. with his new family. And he is in school (and is described as a little rascal :). He is well loved and he has his own family, for the rest of his days, however long those maybe.
But, accomplishing is not the position I’m called to play at the moment.
Most of all I feel Danish. Denmark is where I live, where my friends live and I know my city far better than any other cities, and I love it here.
When I'm working away from home, it's easy to forget all that. It's easy to walk in the front door and see
By the end of the fourth season, Bruce Willis wanted to turn to a career in films, while Cybill Shepherd had recently given birth to twins. Neither wanted to continue the series into a fifth season.
As soon as I get in the bath I had seen and felt it… a stream of bubbly whitish energy coming into my solar plexus from above, and a stream of goldenish energy coming into the same place from below. I was instantly bearing witness, with all the feelings inside of what is happening on earth.
He explained that they hadn’t meant us any harm, they were just curious about us. He went on to reveal how one of the people they had been studying had suddenly died. They had never seen something die before, unlike us their bodies continually rejuvenate their cells, diseases, aging, death were as alien to them as the images he passed through my mind were to me. He went on to explain how they had been resurrecting our dead in hopes of understanding what it truly meant to die. None of them realized that the radiation they were exposing the corpses to during their revitalization process would have the effect it did on our bio-chemistry. He tried to explain in terms I could grasp that they had been using a medical device designed to speed up cellular growth and heal injuries to revitalize our dead. The radiation he explained, acted like a charger energizing a dead battery as it were. Our cells however were too fragile to handle the process, and as the bodies continued to break down it released the radiation. When the radiation came into contact with our living matter it overloaded our cells destroying them while simultaneously trying to restore them in effect locking the person exposed in a perpetual death state.
The spirit of knowledge and the fear of the LORD.
With the popularity of ebooks increasing almost exponentially, so does the number of online outlets where they can be purchased and downloaded.
In June of 2011, I started working again for the first time since having Brooke. Prior to that, I was tutoring a student-- very short hours (think 1-2 hours a week). When I started working, my mom had just retired and I transitioned myself by working about 5-6 hours a week. Then I took another job, working about 10 hours a week. I started my new job in the beginning of January and am up to about 17 hours a week, which translates to approximately 20 hours a week including travel time.
(NaturalNews) Ever since Beyonce Knowles was associated with the Lemon Detox diet, there has been a surge of interest in this particular program. Also known as the Master Cleanse, this detox diet has been around for almost 50 years and has seen variations on its recipe and program. It’s effectivity in breaking down built up toxins in the body while contributing to short term weight loss has made it a popular option for a spring detox.
Stir the custard well then freeze in ice cream machine. It will be soft but ready to eat. Or, freeze at least 2 hours for firmer ice cream.
Independents are extremely disgusted with both parties, giving the Republicans a 69% disapproval rating and the Democrats a 66% one.
During his arrest authorities recovered over $1 million in cash that was stored either at the house or in a storage locker. They also recovered two weapons, including a service revolver which they believe Konias used to allegedly shoot Michael Haines.
I'm a Big Blue Giants Fan but there's no doubt the "Roaring Jets" own the BUZZ right now. That's cool with me. No insecurities here. I've heard it said this is a Jets town now. Uh...no. They may own the day but this is still a Giants Town; no knock on the Jets. But they've taken major strides under Woody Johnson that were not taken under Leon Hess.
Each week the team will vote on a TOP Lollipop CARD and that designer will
Have a happy leap day!
Hey hey, meet me in the middle of the night
They will call in sick…or take additional personal days…just to deal with their stress…
Sample Size: 12oz. dark brown bottle
Mint for garnish (optional)
Little known facts about shag carpet and bubble juice.
the slightest trace
Mum said eat, whether you're hungry or not.
Savannah owes True Crime Short with photographs an enormous debt of gratitude for his remarkable restoration of historic houses. A brilliant and intensely interesting, charismatic figure, he brought a style and sophistication to the city that it did not have before. Rich and famous people, like Jacqueline Onassis and Rockefellers, made special trips to bargain for his extraordinary antique treasures. However, he was also a smooth predator, whose crimes could have put him behind bars long before he shot his lover.
Thanks you guys for stopping by. Make sure you stop back by tomorrow for a very special treat. You won't want to miss.
–JSB
Happy freaking Monday to you!
So Thursday is my day off, and so I decided that I'd go shopping since the shops are open late today and my boyfriend was also working so, it made sense to keep myself busy.
I do not respond kindly to being thrown to the sidelines.He,of all, should know.
The website; See's Candies has a fantastic program to help you raise money. No matter how large or small your cause, the company has everything to suit your needs. Not sure where to start? Don't worry, there is a dedicated team to assist with all of your questions.
Anders Breivik had absolutely nothing to do with me other than it being a conspiracy against me so that I would be their fall guy for the day after which suited his English ‘mentor’ and his associates agenda against me. Breivik was their willing pawn that does not even know me.
Kaon ta!
1. Q TV
Call them what you will Tramps, Bums, Hobo’s, The Homeless, they intrigue me. If I see one of them exhibiting particularly strange behaviour I am fascinated and usually can’t put them out of my mind for at least a day or two until something else catches my eye and my attention. They always leave me with more questions than answers…
Send Out To Partner By: April 19th!
I’m not here to present some sort of economic case as to the existence or otherwise of austerity, of a time when financial reality forces us to adopt – from necessity – that plainness and simplicity of style. The truth is that austerity for most of us is a fact but the austerity isn’t being driven by cuts in public spending – there are, in aggregate, precious few of those cuts. No, the circumstances forcing us to live an austere life are coming from the private sector and from the manner in which governments have responded to the unresponsiveness of the private economy.
Recently I heard of several people say, ‘How can you believe in the Bible? It’s an ancient book that is not relevant for today.’ These thoughts were shared by “Christians” who made a conscience decision to only believe portions of the Bible. So, my question is really simple…Is the Bible entirely true or partially wrong?
I couldn’t even make it through an entire party in my own house in them. But, they make my legs look like pencils. I heart them while sitting.
Thanks for stopping by Today! Enjoy reading the following hybrid tut from Lori!
First major change: I am a .com! Woohoo! I am still trying to figure out how to get everything together and to make the address stay .com and not .blogspot.com, but now if you type in girllovesglam.com, you will end up here!
Tate remained our Good Will Ambassador .
Here’s why I suspect the writers are not native English speakers. When it comes to things romantic, “pick up” means “to make casual acquaintance with, usually in anticipation of sexual relations.” That is not what happened when Brad Paisley picked out his wife:
In other words, our employees are afraid to speak up.
within the builder's budget.
I emailed her giving her a couple of alternate nights so she would be more likely to find one that suited her only to get an email back to say thanks for the thought but that she would be busy until after Christmas. It was then that I seriously started to wonder about her concept of friendship - and reluctantly concluded that convenience - her convenience - formed a large component of it.
Whether the description is disgraceful and derogatory depends on how the politician is perceived to be using his/her shrewdness in attaining the success of his/her political agenda.
I drift back to the guys and we exchange email-addresses. They are also willing to sign model-releases. They ask question, we ask questions… There’s laughter and joy.
“NY Blockbusters” feat. Swave Sevah, Superstar Billy Gram
Alright, I'm off for break. No internet for two whole weeks! How exciting is that? I was hoping for peace and relaxation, but my weeks are quickly being filled up with running here and running there? Did I mention that I'm tired of being the one to go to people? No? Well, we'll save that gripe for another day. =)
Doors at 9:00pm/$15.00/21+
Ask for advice - It is surprising how people love to share their insider knowledge of bargains, so by asking the right question at the right time you could well land a sweet deal. Be alert for opportunists, but don’t be shy about relying on the kindness of strangers.
Dominance= a superior energy which specifically arises from conflict
110g of butter, softened (1/2 cup)
Back before every video game was “World of Warcraft” or “Call of Duty”, there used to be a diverse field of games to play in all different genres. Real time strategy (or RTS) games used to be very popular. In these games you have a top-down, 3/4 view of a map, and using your mouse you issue orders to build bases, train troops, build tanks and planes and attack another force. These days, the only one left is “Starcraft 2″; but since I’m not Korean, I don’t enjoy it much. The series that really pioneered the genre was the Command and Conquer games. You might know “CNC” as that weird game where you shoot a bear out of a cannon, but back in the 90s it used to mean something.
I filled a container about ¾ of the way with potting soil. You can add as much soil as you’d like.
During World War II (1939-1945), the USSR was attacked by Germany. Joseph Stalin, the leader of the USSR, appealed to the people to defend “Mother Russia”. Seeking help, the country became a major ally of the United States.
The other day, Mom took some Kong peanut butter (a gross concoction made strictly for dogs to put in their Kong toys) and spread it on a dog biscuit for our dog Meka. This was an extra special treat for Meka, but when my mom placed it in her mouth, Meka quickly scarfed it down and looked up for more. My mom remarked, "Geez Meka, savor it!"
I’ve heard of emotions being referred to as seeds
The walk is boring, so I want to play music while I'm walking and maybe I won't notice the pain quite so much. I would like to surf blogs and have patterns accessible while I'm on the bus and on break at work. Texting is moot issue as I refuse to learn how to text. Text me and you will not get a response. Do I get an Ipad and just pay as I go for the tracphone? I'll use about 300 - 400 minutes a month. What? Any ideas as to what I should look for? Talk to me.
Bethlehem – Ma’an – Seven oxygen machines donated to the Palestinain Authority by a Norwegian development agency were seized by Israeli officials en route to hospitals in the West Bank and Gaza, the Ramallah-based health ministry said.
Monday was bad in epic proportion. The dashing of dreams, refers to that. But I will get to later in a different post. Because, as bad as it was…it was a trip to Disneyland in comparison to yesterday. Today? Well…see for yourself.
E is for Elephant - and Nellie the elephant (showing my age here aren't I!) was the cause of the trouble, she went AWOL for a few weeks, and then wouldn't work the way I wanted. The tag is actually mostly grey and blue, with the Indian script stamp in the background stamped in grey, then blue ink sponged through a glimmermist mask before adding the elephant, stamped on black card with flitterglu and gilded then painted with H2Os.
This is a good question and one I’ve been asked quite a few times! Let’s set the record straight first… ‘Punters’, we DJs see everything and I mean EVERYTHING! You cannot hide it, we will see it no matter how hard you try! I’ve seen all sorts of funny sights in my time behind the decks, too many to recall! I think the most memorable however is when a guy handed me a 20 pound note during my set, when I asked him why, he simply replied ‘Thanks for playing good music’ I was in shock, but wasn’t complaining by any means! If everyone at every gig I played at did that, I’d be a millionaire for sure haha!
all around above me happened, like unwrapping
While he was writing, I fished my mind for more small talk to keep the flow going. I had to think fast.
Nisbet ITC, Karch NJ. Chemical Hazards to Human Reproduction. New Jersey, Noyes Data Corporation, 1983.
We chatted about establishing core values, establishing our own worth and charging appropriately, learning from those who have done it before us and enjoying our successes. Great stuff and as we say on the podcast "Food for thought".
When North Korea launches its intercontinental ballistic missile called the Taepodong, Japan and/or the United States should shoot it down. News reports suggest it could occur as early as 6 PM, April 11.
of loneliness and wants
I just wanted to let everyone know that we were affected by the floods in Tennessee. We were very lucky however and all that was affected was our phone and Internet service. I am using my phone to do this post but I can not post pictures from here. As soon as I get Internet back there will be a post about the flood with pictures.
bare, sun-kissed legs and heels
Maybe at every 100km interval, a customs point with helipads, airstrips, hotels or series or individual homes perhaps, military outpost base and warehouse-port facility, could also be placed. This way the limits of China’s territory will be very clearly marked. China can afford to do this. Since China has 20,000k worth of coast, this would mean 2000 projects or private luxury homes, much like or fashioned in the manner (excepting that there will be ocean around the tower instead) of :
Senator Bob Carr echoed an offer from his New Zealand counterpart, Murray McCully, to lift travel bans for civilians who take on government roles at present held by military personnel.
Unless your university is really just around the corner from your home town, it’s very unlikely that the guy who served you a skinny cappuccino this morning was the same guy who used to walk your neighbour’s grandmother’s dog. By all means, chase after every person who happens to remind you of someone back home, you might get a friend or a restraining order out of it.
Turn dough out onto wax paper and then wrap with plastic and put it in the fridge for about 2 hours or more.
Race: Cat
How can this be?
So, all being well, Trullo Solari guests will be treated to fresh goats’ milk and cheese this summer. And in case that’s not to your taste, we’re sure that you’ll enjoy the goat’s milk and olive oil soap. Either way, if you want to stop by and say hi to them, hopefully they’ll be brave enough to say ciao back.
Well, from one fake to another: There's no lesson at the end of all this ridiculous struggle. I'm not here to stamp a meaning onto your life. That's your gig. On your best days you almost manage it, even though you know you'll eventually lose. In fact the knowledge that you will lose is part of what makes you interesting. Hey, it's something.
Your input on the attached poll is appreciated – Thank you.
Here’s a peek at the translated text from Bangkok. Who knew?
So how would you go from chair to 5k in a mere a few weeks period? How will you get yourself started a 5k program if you’ve by no means trained before given that your level of fitness is really low, and if you possibly even overweight? Well, it’s not too hard, the simple truth is, because it just takes easing to the 5k exercise program in order that you raise your level of training and endurance little by little and with virtually no strain on the body. One thing you have to keep in mind if you’ve never ever done any training before is your targets have to be reasonable.
For Andre. He’s not their man.
Based on the experience of the two children stranded at school last Monday, it would appear that only children who already speak the language are allowed to “explore the cultures and customs” of those exotic folk.
Mr Ibrahim, in an attempt to encourage outdated qualities like honesty, good governance, a willingness to bugger off when you've had your turn as president and showing a commendable restraint when it comes to getting your goons to smash your political enemy's head in with a machete, hands out £3m a year to the African political leader who best demonstrates these qualities. It's a wonderful gesture on Mr Ibrahim's part even if it does show him as something of a misty eyed optimist. Anyone who encourages good governance on the continent of Africa has my vote but very few do. Corporates like to pretend that they support transparency and above board dealing but they are the first to slip a large bribe into the right political hands. Just consider some of the blue chip names who are "alleged" to have persuaded our own politicians to buy this jet or that submarine. Small wonder that none of our senior politicians in the ruling party seem keen to open up the debate on the arms deal. It might spoil things for the next lot.
I had to delve deeper and then I realised I had a fear of running incorrectly.
Frozen At The Moment of Death
Be one of the lucky winners to receive a free template from Creations by ARl Each AR Designer will give away one of the new templates, so you'll have plenty of chances to win! To participate, click on the links below and leave a comment! That's it!
I love traveling. I want to see the fjords in Norway and go deep sea diving in Australia. I want to go to New Zealand and climb mountains and go hiking in Hawaii. Ever since seeing The Truman Show I have wanted to go to Fiji. I want to eat my way through Europe and Asia. I want to live on a boat and experience traveling like a gypsy.
And this one group I’m thinking about specifically was spell-bound. He had, and continues to have a great wisdom to share. I wish we were studying his poems more and more in regular lit classes and not just in Chicano studies classes. This poet will go down in history as one of the best poets, period. Not Chicano or Indio or Brown or Pinto, but POET, punto final.
So what does the fact that the middle class is shrinking at a very rapid pace at this point say about how well our economy is working?
I have cast on for Tinder in the meanwhile. I just couldn't face a 4ply knit at the moment so this fits the bill. I am crazy about the bright pink. It is more fuschia and less neon in real life, but it certainly is bright nevertheless. The yarn is Tivoli Celtic Aran 100% wool. It is a bit rough on the hands but should soften on washing.
Today's painting is just for you...
Let's get to the winner of last week's blog candy, shall we? Here's our winner of the Elegant Cakes cartridge...
Learning and unlearning
Danny McBride (actor- The Foot Fist Way)
Johnny "Guitar" Watson's first lp in glorious mono. Some nice tracks but bit of a disappointment if you're expecting something wild like I was.
I am so grateful to the North Melbourne Legal Service for the invaluable work they did with me. The representation, advocacy and support I received throughout the process have been incredibly powerful in returning me to a life I can call my own and a life that involves a productive and useful contribution to the community. Since going to court, I have returned to study, I have recommenced professional work, I have moved out of the family home and returned to living independently – all of these things seemed possible once more, I felt strong enough to undertake them, after receiving my day in court.
1x tsp ginger root, chopped
I am 34 weeks today, pregnancy wise. This pregnancy hasn't been bad at all - I haven't gotten "big" and can't imagine that ladies that are big - and how they feel. I mentioned to K on the way into the store last night "Why do people even get pregnant!?" I'm beginning to feel a bit of the aches and pains of it all.........just wanting to slow down. It's crazy that in 3 weeks I could safely give birth at home. (chances are I'll be late...being my first and all) but when we were doing the math yesterday I was like "HOLY SHIT!" :) I cannot wait to meet this little one......... a snuggle up for a good while getting to know each other earth-side........ sure has been fun getting to know them inside! :)
By adopting the summer-long The Five, Shine places the spot virtually on a short hold for something–or, someone. In the author’s opinion, that someone may well be America Live anchor Megyn Kelly who is still on maternity leave. When she returns in a month or so, Shine will finally have the obvious slot for his still “rising star.”
Peeved: Here, eat your dinner.
Note on Bordeaux’s New Courthouse (from a Feb 2009 Journal of the AIA (American Institure of Architects) here). Courthouse architecture as an outward manifestation of societal values (justice in society, the process of justice, absolute equality and absolute accessibility of justice). French Law follows Napoleonic Law which traces direct precedents back into Roman Imperial Summaries (including those of the emperor Julian).
Just before he gave up the Premiership in 1955 Mr. Churchill told Spectator owner and editor Ian Gilmour that immigration "is the most important subject facing this country, but I cannot get any of my ministers to take any notice". (12)
I also received a call from a man who would become my mentor for the next two years. His name was Wayne Kendall, to whom this book is dedicated, and he told me that I wasn’t going nuts. While this was comforting to hear, it didn’t stop the unwanted thoughts!
We headed back along the Rickmansworth Road towards Northwood, noting signs to the Northwood HQ of NATO, which used to be known as 'Eastlant' during the cold war. I had a friend who was convinced that there would be a nuclear war (he had a bootleg copy of the 1965 BBC film which was not shown for years, War Game) and he moved his family to Northwood to be sure of being wiped out in the first strike. Hard to picture that level of fear nowadays.
How To Save A Life by Sara Zarr
I've never known hunger - real hunger - in this way. I can't fathom the fear of oppression when the soul longs to fulfill its very purpose of worship. Yes, I've never experienced the yearning so deep that would make me choose between physical safety and spiritual fulfillment. I. have. no. idea.
The lovely Tessa from Down That Little Lane is taking a break from Pinterest Party while she gets her new website up and running and has graciously allowed me to take it over.
You see, in May, the state of Indiana passed a law forbidding the transfer of any taxpayer dollars to organizations that perform Baby-Killings (abortions).
I’m not saying Obama is innocent of being influenced by lobbyists, or even accepting a bribe. We simply don’t know. But the fact that in 208 years, Newt Gingrich was the first member of the House of Representatives to have a fine levied against him. Again, that’s not to say that he is the only person to ever do this, but he apparently did it very obviously.
I hope you enjoy it as much as we enjoyed making it:
No investigation has occurred to date despite clear evidence that election laws were violated, Court orders ignored, and that the possibility for future repeat incidents of similar or even greater serious impact persist.
The best part aside from the great food and wicked DJ was scoring a whole L&B Spumoni Gardens Sicilian pie that I and a couple of other lucky people joyfully schlepped around the rest of the event. I topped my box with a small plate of he salted honey pie and a Liddabits caramel apple and headed back to Harlem doling out a bite to an inquisitive student en route back to Queens.
presents itself. I count my treasure haul
“Nah.. ” She responded. “I ain’t got no tickets.. I just stand here and get people’s attention. I’m just the worm on the hook“.
of natural causes
But what if your product is something unnecessary or of dubious value? That’s when you, in the language of marketing, create a need. You tie your product to the satisfaction of some other drive, and then convince people that only your product will get the job done. Jewelry, for instance, is hardly a necessity. One might see it as an investment, but most of it isn’t high enough quality for that, and there are far better ways to make your money earn more of itself. So how do you sell those pretty baubles? By convincing women that wearing them makes them more attractive to men, and by convincing men that buying jewelry for their female mates is how you demonstrate love. Voila, a bazillion-dollar industry in shiny rocks. The same is true for literally millions of other products, from fashion to toothpaste (yes, toothpaste!)
07/15 - Cleveland, OH Blossom Music Center
In addition to all the rough treatment at home, it seems that Jesse was always sick.
Looks like the weather is getting nicer! Yay!! Not quite flipflop weather yet, but we are getting nearer and I just can't wait! I loooove my flipflops!
In the absence of answers, speculation is bubbling in the blogosphere that Wasilla’s policy of billing rape victims may have something to do with Ms. Palin’s extreme opposition to abortion, even in cases of rape. Sexual-assault victims are typically offered an emergency contraception pill, which some people in the anti-choice camp wrongly equate with abortion.
Sooo...I'm just gonna jump back in here, not missing a beat, and kind of ignore that year long hiatus that I took! ;-) Last year was crazy. And good. And sad. BUT, it's 2012. It's a new beginning of sorts, and I seriously *love* fresh starts!
Cana (f)
Are you ready for our first I Am Roses Color Challenge? It’s happening right now. Here’s your chance to win some of the fabulous flowers that our Design Team uses. Head on over to the
I hope you enjoyed the photos, and would like to invite you also over to our blog for Cantanopy Photography at http://blog.cantanopy.com and also subscribe. I will try to post new photos every day which will be anything from what we have material off, mostly detail shots and model shots. And please, like it too…
I mentioned last update about the laundry getting ripped to pieces..Well here’s what it looked like in progress;
Visit all 50 states
She suggested they include some photo memories of Scott as well as the
“I voted for the Republicans. They gave us the vote”
MAY GOD GRANT ME: the power to accept that I am not God and I can not solve all my problems myself. I am powerless.
Reading:
Taking things one moment at a time and feeling pretty content with that because it allows me to live with hope for a better moment, despite my emotional and physical discomforts of this moment.
toasted flatbread
Sealed solid doors
Romans 8:14-15 (NLT)
5. Paper - specify paper. Sometimes here I'll give a couple options and my printer knows to pick the one that is easier to get or most cost-friendly.
"Has the American Psychiatric Association (APA) Lost It’s Collective Mind? Have the “36,000 Physician Leaders in mental health” ignored history? After all, decades of autism research show self-injurious behavior is a hallmark trait of severe autism.
Click here for more information about computer workshops and the city’s other recreation opportunities for seniors.
and other delights that you WILL be smitten with! "
On distinct occasions, I noticed straight factual inaccuracies. For example, both Campbell Brown and Lou Dobbs consistently asked why Russia was refusing to agree to international demands for a cease fire, when in fact Russia had convened the UN Security Council for just such a ceasefire last week, only to be rebuffed by the United States. As an AP story from August 9th, and quoted in Mark Ames’s excellent article for The Nation, put it:
On to the Seusstabular Freebie! I was super excited when I saw that Kristen from KPM Doodles made some Dr. Seuss clip art and I had to make something for all my favorite bloggy friends. I am planning on doing these activities during our reading time on March 2nd and rotating them through each table. (I have six tables) I hope some of you can use them!
I’m not a neuroscientist, but I’ve always been fascinated by things like expert systems, heuristics, and emergent properties in complex systems. Occasionally I’ll paint something with a clear neuro theme because it’s the clearest and most concise approach to my fascination with all of those “complexity” driven subjects. I have created ink drawings like “Biology of an Idea”, colored drawings like “Orbits of Joy”, and “Learning Circuit” (from left to right, below) and paintings like “Dendritic Echoes” and “Neural Network”.
Beervana indeed.
So all I have to do now is decide how I’m going to get my blue plaque.
We would like to put 10,000 copies in the homes of families throughout the UK over the next three years. To do this, we must raise £3,500 now in order to print that quantity of booklets.
The information above was sent to by Vanity Trove.
1 supporting
You always think when you love someone madly that you'll have a funny inexplicable feeling in your gut when something's happened to them, no matter how minor. Well, I didn't. Maybe I have a lazy sixth sense, or maybe it was haywire during my third pregnancy.
One thing about the Civil War that can be confusing to the uninitiated is the nomenclature having a Northern and a Southern version. The battle that took place today's date 150 years ago near Manassas, Virginia is called the Battle of Bull Run in those histories written from a northern point of view, but has always been called Manassas, or First Manassas, from a southern point of view.
Well. I liked the results, I really did, but something was bothering me about it. I guess since one blue wall wasn't really m﻿y initial vision, I was having a hard time with it flowing with the rest of my plans. Our neutral walls were now looking really yellow and it was beginning to look very kindergarten classroom-ish, with our one blue wall, yellow-y looking other walls, and our bright red filing console on the other end of the room.
Tuneup Media Review – Taking a Closer Look at the Tuneup Media Application
- Preheat the oven to 350°F (180°C).
Mamma, whose house that?
Let’s face facts here; the man was an asshole, fashioned after the many conservative assholes who are currently residing in our media. He was a racist, misogynistic, homophobic elitist bastard, who gleefully attacked the character of anybody who didn’t share his hateful, narrow minded views. He was the model of today’s Republican as featured in our present day media.
Being the owner of a vent for for a game you don't play anymore has both its benefits and and its drawbacks. Its good because you still get to be involved with guild decisions and discussions regardless of it you play or not. Its bad because you get to be involved with guild decisions and discussions regardless of it you play or not. Now being there former guild master, I still get pulled into a lot of stuff, mainly because I'm still good friends with almost all of my former officers along with the fact that Rove is running the guild. I guess they like to acknowledge that I did, for lack of a better term, come back and save the guild before it collapsed. Now the first guild leader has returned from her little "super extended vacation" which in turn means that they can now access the old website and update it to use for future events and recruitment.
As I am writing this post, I am on the email part of the day. The rest of the day is laid out with a list that was written the night before and checked again this morning. With the morning routine behind me, I feel ready to tackle the day - I like to leave scripture printed out around the house to be a reminder to "pray without ceasing" and to "rejoice always".
and I am so overwhelmed.
Effect - one hundred potion effects. Includes all the classics, plus a bunch more from which you can improvise.
My Grandmother Bognanno. She was an amazing woman, sooo many great memories of her!
All the reviews I read of this place said that a celebrity sighting would be a given, and sure enough, we saw Emma Stone and Freida Pinto, not together, although they did chat. I've actually had a big week of celebrity sightings... including Elizabeth Banks the day after the Met Gala, hiding behind dark glasses. I'm assuming I'm not the only one who put her on the Worst Dressed List. But the most major sighting of my week: Hoda Kotb in Central Park. Seriously, if I hadn't been in a hurry, I would have tackled her and forced her to call Kathie Lee to go day-drinking with me, because would there be anyone more fun to day-drink with than Kathie Lee and Hoda?
CORRY
The owners say they hope to start paella demonstrations on the first Saturday of the month, starting in January next year. Their plan is to teach people how to make a proper paella, and provide free tastings along the way.
This is the only story I've written that I needed to do some historical research for, and I loved visiting the museums and chatting to the people at Twinwoods Airfield, home of the annual Glenn Miller Festival, where I found out about Mosquitoes and Spitfires and Blenheim planes. I never realized how cold it was inside a World War II plane, or how cramped, or how vital homing pigeons were, until then.
Two dumb criminals had to leave half their loot behind because their car was too small.
She had an expectation, and she held on to that expectation even when it seemed
I hope you get to live as abundantly, as wholeheartedly, and as generously in spirit as John did, so that you too can be as beloved as he truly was.
That said, even he — and the author I spoke with — agree that SOPA and PIPA are over the top. The legislation, as written, is likely to cause more problems than it solves. This does not mean that piracy isn't a real problem, however — it is a problem, and one that could affect our livelihoods. Let us hope that with the additional attention on the issue of piracy, people won’t be satisfied simply with defeating these two bad pieces of legislation: they will work to find better ways to protect intellectual property. Let’s make the criminals work harder to steal an author’s work, without compromising intellectual freedom.
For its latest endeavor, the Wasilewski Trio has made one of its most significant statements thus far. It’s a tribute to this band’s longevity and familial fortitude. Each knows where the other is going and each leads and follows in equal measure. It is one of the more musical piano trios currently operating, serving up a bevy of interesting originals and unusual covers, in a style that is all its own.
Party of Nigeria and served
Option #3: Yellow. Before I painted the main floor, I thought I was so over yellow. But in the past few months, I've been craving touches of yellow for my kitchen. Like a yellow Le Creuset teakettle. I don't currently have any yellow.
Here’s where Gossip Girl screwed up. Serena van der Woodsen, Golden Girl of the Upper East Side, is at best implied to be a kinda so-so student. If she ever had extracurriculars beyond partying and sleeping around, it was never made clear. Yet somehow, she got into both Yale and Brown. On top of that, she got into Yale when Blair Waldorf, a Straight A student with numerous extracurriculars and even charitable activities under her belt, did not get into Yale, where she had wanted to go all her life. Wait, what?
so sure...be angry. be hurt. be fucking pissed off if the situation warrants it. but, then -- if for no one else, but yourself -- open your heart.
Or, maybe I've become a magical gardener. Yeah -- I'll go with that. I'm magical.
T is currently bench-warming for a bit, but who’s next in line for your perfect match? Ask us questions or tell us your set-up stories in the comments! (click here)
Many of you may recall that I am addicted to fresh herbs--their scent, their flavor, their texture, their beauty--as well as to their planting. I grub about in dirt the way a toddler plays in a sandbox, and with equal joy. It is primal, this urge; it truly does reconnect me to my planet. Reassuring to know that despite our many efforts at destruction--deliberate or not--she continues, spinning rapidly on her axis, revolving slowly around her Sun, submitting coyly to the antics of her changeling Moon. And that it is possible to hold her within the palm of my hand.
23. I should probably rename the file - Burn upon my death!
The Homestead Act was signed into law in 1862. The new law required homesteaders to file an application, improve the land and file for deed of title. Any U.S. citizen who had never borne arms against the U.S. Government could file an application and lay claim to 160 acres of surveyed Government land.
531320 Offices of real estate appraisers
He laughs, "The night could be better" OH my God...... he is actually moving towards me.
Raspberry white chocolate,
1 year since the devastating and catastrophic earthquake and tsunami. above, photo i made while the earth was shaking and after i turned on the tv. it took me a while, many thoughts and images flashing through my head. decided to go see the plum blossoms bloom yesterday and share my moments of life breathing in the fresh fragrance of blooming plum.
Lloyd Cole & The Commotions Rattlesnakes UK
That’s when she willingly spilled her guts.
Workout: 60 minutes elliptical + 20 min abs + 20 min arms you know...the same ol injury routine...
the area on Thursday for an
I made sure to give you a good view of both the front and the back. The print is ongoing and completely wraps around the entirety of the bag, covering the bottom as well. Even more vibrant in person, these colors really pop! I LOVE it :) The slightly textured material has a nice glossy sheen to it, which further adds to the "showy" personality of this bag. The leather, on the other hand, is completely smooth and matte. Its color will patina with time/use.
The Carletonville SAPS’s Detective Sergeant Dennis Zuma is investigating this case, and urgently requires the assistance of the public. If anyone has any information which could possibly lead to the arrest of the suspects who raped and robbed this woman and her daughter, they need to call Sgt Zuma at 083 458 9383 or 018 787 9300.
AAM: All right, then. The transformation of your light and love work. Many of you have felt that you have been at the battering ram trying to break through for a very long time. What you are going to feel is that that is done, that this is literally fluid and spreading, more smoothly, more rapidly; that those resistances that you met — and they have all come from other human beings; understand that — are gone.
That's all for today's post; I need to get back to work.
"Well," she said, reading from her screen, "it says here he died of dehydration and malnutrition."
One rarely hears it admitted publicly, but there it is. This is why maximum immigration enforcement is the private prison industry's wet dream, perhaps the only potential market on the horizon that could replace lost demand for prison beds if the drug war were ever to end (a possibility disclosed to investors in corporate filings as a serious risk to their long-term financial health). "Mass incarceration" is exactly what happens from criminalizing immigration status.
is actually in New Jersey where she faces New York harbor.
Sunday 12 - 5pm (Thanksgiving - Christmas only)"
Lina is forced to join the Sea Lions after upsetting her step sister Sky(Holland Roden). While trying out she impresses Avery’s brother Evan Whitbourne(Cody Longo) and the Sea Lions. This leads to her being voted as captain of the squad. She invites her girls Gloria and Trey to give her a hand in transforming the Sea Lions into a dream team.
to school every morning.
Laurie Shutt MacKeigan
white cabinets!
O is for osteo, bones that don't grow!?
3 green onions, chopped
What was my April fools joke?
"It is not enough for the hero to triumph, he must change the world." -- Blake Snyder, SAVE THE CAT
All I want is just one moment more
I pay the Council a sum of money every year for a green bin and the chance to have this emptied every week, providing I put it out on the pavement by 7 am on collection day.
I've always been a fan, but I've become much more so in recent years. I thought Aerial was amazing, and I'm still getting used to 50 Words For Snow. That said, there was a time when Lionheart or The Kick Inside were never off my turntable, and I comfortably own everything she's ever released in this country and beyond, some of it I've paid a small fortune for too. But of course, that's what you do when it's Kate. You have to get what you can when you can. She's inventive, creative, never boring, always surprising. The fact she doesn't court publicity makes her all the more fascinating.
Here’s a last unconventional example. Special sales, when they work, can be either complimentary or crucial to a book’s success. Without a publisher’s vested effort or creativity in pitching these outlets, I’ve incorporated special sales possibilities into my book campaigns. Just as I want authors and publishers to think beyond book reviews, I want us all to think beyond readings. Most publishers will tell you a reading at B&N just ain’t happening. So where can authors sell and read from their books, or at least, toast to the celebratory moment of publication? I’ve booked events that you’d never think had anything to do with publishing, and in some instances, no apparent connection to the book at all. This is really more training in partnerships than in publishing. If there's no author precedent for events, which there often isn’t, I still press on for the open door, asking and listening to recent branding initiatives they're proud of, asking about their revenue model, their audience, even their partners. There's usually a way to submit an author into the running. I’ve booked 5 authors for events in the past year where they’ve sold their books, and not a single event has disappointed, (compared to all those ill-attended readings I remember cheerleading dismayed authors through back in corporate publishing!) The best of scenarios I've found, was an event sponsor which not only bought 200 pre-orders of my author's book, but chipped in 10% of sales for the evening to a charity of her choice. I remember she was most excited that they comp-ed her the dress.
For sale.
B4 - Hinter Den Dingen
(Fareda stands up. Anwaar stops writing.)
“If you are an adult and you are around a child under the age of one, get vaccinated,”says Snyderman.
The next morning, we got up and went diving with Kath. Again, we were the only guests, so we had her to ourselves. We told her about my inability to see a manta ray – Anna has seen 3 this year, but I’m always looking the wrong way and have never seen one. So she changed our plans on the spot (she’s the boss, so she can do that – not many dive trips are run by the decision-maker) and we headed for a dive site she knew we’d see some mantas.
The more I thought about having the food sent over, the funnier it seemed.
I like the cooking game. I want to stay in it...for a long time. Beyond that, I want to be there for my family....and moreover, I dont want to die before my time. I'm going to push, no matter what...but not without at least attempting to take care of myself. I'm a cook for life...but I refuse to become a sterotype of one. Fuck that. This is far too important.
I scan the cul-de-sac, looking for any sign of movement but it’s all quiet. The mock-tudor houses stand in a row and our bay window offers a good view. I notice movement on the porch next door. It would be a foolish burglar trying to gain entry at the front. Reaching for my glasses, I see more clearly. There’s naked woman slumped on the doormat. Her tapered legs stretch to the step and her skin’s all pearly in the moonlight.
After doing my research, I acquired a few highly recommended lenses. I love them all and can't pick a favorite...but if I had to, I'd pick my 50 mm and 60 mm. Both are great for close-ups, or macro photography.
the store has just about everything you could possibly want for the home...furniture, art, light fixtures,
Mike Hampton was acquired via free agency from the Mets before the 2001 season. Hampton was yet another high dollar free agent pitching acquisition that failed to live up to expectations, although like the others he still had his good moments in Colorado, mostly with his bat. In his 2 seasons in Colorado, Hampton had a record of 21-28 with a 5.75 ERA and 196 strikeouts. Following the 2002 season, Hampton was traded to Florida in a multi-player deal for Preston Wilson and others.
Chris Clement: I am a minister with Summerland Grove Pagan Church. Part of my duties include teaching parts of our training system which we refer to as the realm system after the typically recognized 5 elements. The first three, while they do not teach a specific path, last about a year each and will teach everything one needs to have a solid foundation and a dynamic spirituality. Our fourth realm is our minister training and lasts a minimum of two years. The last realm is basically OJT for those ordained as ministers. Over the years we have been refining our training system with the eventual goal of getting our training program accredited so that we might offer bachelors of divinity.
And since he was the police he made himself up
Once you have decided how you want to construct your over-all tree form and design and have secured it to a base, you will want to gather your bills for folding and tying. Start by folding the bill in half and fold that portion back and forth like an accordion fold, flipping the bill over to the opposite side with each fold completed. Crease a few times so that the fold is crisp. A popsicle stick would work wonders here for rubbing the fold sharp. Then you may open up the bill and tie around the center portion of the bill, being gentle to squeeze the middle section together to form a butterfly- like shape. Keep creating the folded bills and continue to add them to the branches and before you know it the TREE has grown! The leaves (folded bills) are placed in random areas but, be sure to have them displayed in a somewhat balanced design as to not allow the tree to topple over. Add additional theme objects to complete the over-all feel you desire.
IT was nothing new for #2 though.
Of the remainder 21 were American, some of whom may, of course, have been freed slaves, but there is certainly no evidence of this and given that the Battle of Trafalgar took place 60 years before the American Civil War, in all likelihood, the American contingent, the largest single non British group, were of European, predominantly British origin, that is to say in line with the 1805 US demographic. A further 37 were Europeans made up of 7 Dutch, 6 Swedes, 4 Italians, 4 Maltese, 3 Norwegians, 3 Germans, 2 Swiss, 2 Portuguese, 2 Danes and 1 Russian.
Plus, we get invited to a trash burning party tonight. Cruisers are great!
Rose's little brother was poorly Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday this week so Me has been picking Rose up from school and taking her home each night.
These records don’t need much introduction other than at some point in time, they made my heavy rotation.
Satsy given first guitar by father. Between now and 1983 would learn to tune.
10) Sharing a testimony with the church about God's grace and providence.
Below is an eye witness report on this historic panel written by conservative journalist Alice Widener - a highly regarded authority on the U.S. left of the day. The report appeared in Widener's USA Magazine, September 16, 1966 page 28 and 29.
The palace’s jewel, however, is the Cappella dei Magi (The Chapel of the Magi) on the upper floor. Benozzo Gozzoli was the artist who frescoed the chapel’s wall with the magnificent image of the cavalcade of the Magi.
You might have seen the update over here regarding Braska’s strep infection. And Kinlee’s subsequent fever. It’s good times, let me tell ya.
Which brings us back to the beginning of the movie. Why should Thor lead? He is not worthy. The film itself has declared it so. But the touch of the political isn’t in the movie to condemn the notion of dynasties—we have that problem in our country, too—but to maneuver Thor into growing up into a decent man.
03/26/2012
Happy stitching,
Happy New Year and welcome to our first challenge in 2012!
“Wait here till we have your cell ready,” the officer said. “It should be soon.”
Add the crab meat, crab claws, cilantro, and scallions.
The seeds of Edwards’ political (and personal) destruction were sewn during the four years in between his presidential bids. At some point during that time, Edwards started to believe all the positive press about himself and began to view himself as above and beyond traditional moral conventions.
the searching penetrating chords
Then, the practice done, each child climbed down the steps of the stage and filed into the back room to wait for the actual program. Except for this one singing boy.
What you waiting for? Go out and get a copy!
If you're at a buffet, fill up on salad and fruit first, and then lean protein (shrimp, fish, baked/grilled chicken) before making your way over to the pasta station. Think of carbs as a desert, not the main dish. You're eating fruits and veggies for dinner, but you get a few bites of pasta as a desert. I gaurantee you'll eat considerably less of the bad stuff if you make an effort to fill up on good stuff first.
Apologies for my absence here, folks. I am completely immersed in group fitness silly season: quarterly launch week is here! Learning choreography for 3 formats, organizing launches, decorating my clubs, and trying to be everywhere at once!
He was …an ordinary man who became an extraordinary president…
After this the word of the L-rd came to Abram in a vision. He said, 'Do not be afraid, Abram; I am your shield. Your reward will be great.'
Sunbutter Pancakes
Strengths: Hubbard's Ripple is wildly popular, so I picked this up at a Book Look to make my mermaid fans happy.
Pillars burn 17 hours an inch without dripping or tunneling.
Being an indie author/filmmaker, I “follow” a network of other indie authors. Following for me involves not only reading and/or viewing their works, but also supporting them in whatever way is needed. (Even if it’s to bitch and vent about the benefits of being called an indie vs. a self-published author). Yes, we “indies” are a tight-knit, vociferous group. We have found it almost impossible to enter the “mainstream” world of publishing, so we simply created a publishing world of our own. This doesn’t negate the fact that we all hope in our heart of hearts to become, if not famous, well-known enough (whatever ENOUGH is for any given indie). This will let us know that our works are being shared and discussed by more than ourselves; that the possibility exists for us to create, maintain and grow a following of fans; that perhaps (fingers crossed) one day we might even (hope against hope) be able to eke out a decent living. That is why when people outside or our “network” review our works, we try to make sure and review, well, the review-er.
The Victorian Women of Beer are Mountain Goat Brewery’s Jayne Lewis, Sam Fuss from True South, Bridge Road Brewers’ Nardia McGrath, Karen Golding from Red Hill Brewery and Hargreaves Hills’ Beth Williams. Each will introduce their beer and possibly be able to hang around afterwards for a little bit of Q & A.
Riddle Answer: A yardstick.
The point is... no. There are so many points here that I don't even know where to start. Were you bullied intensely as a child, so you think this kind of thing is normal and acceptable? Weren't you raised right? Weren't you ever told "If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all?" Have you really become so callous from our society that you don't think there's anything wrong with making someone feel worse than dirt?
3. Liars Beware
“They do that, eh?” Harold said with what passed for a sly grin.
One NTU Business School undergraduate Kenneth Teng, who lives in Pasir Ris, said he plans to stay over at a friend’s place during his exam period.
when others share their PASSION.
react_women: fine. Told she trys to protect June (elderly owner with Alzheimer).
"Ah the young sales team good good good." He proclaims in his prince Charles-esque nasally voice
PAXMAN: Come on!
We know it was a very busy week for most of you so a HUGE THANK YOU to everyone for joining in with our game of BINGO ! :-)
Sheldon/Jake: Sheldon is treating suicidal jail inmate Elise (played by Enid Graham) who, in addition to asphyxiating her own two children, is pregnant. It’s a sticky situation as Jake was her fertility doctor that helped get her pregnant all three times. Elise’s husband Kurt (played by Maury Sterlin) is livid that Sheldon is involved, afraid he’ll help her to go free. Kurt threatens to sue if that happens. Elise opens up to Sheldon about her frantic beliefs that she was a bad mother and her children were in pain, so she left them in their car seats in the garage, with the car engine running. Sheldon believe that she had severe post-partum psychosis and wants to help her. Elise picks that moment to have an eclamptic seizure and has to be taken to the hospital where Addison induces labor. Elise gives birth, Jake reminds Kurt that the baby needs a fresh start, so Kurt allows her to hold the baby. The whole story is Andrea Yates, 10 years later. Although it was dramatically told, it really felt like a bit of filler, as I had no desire to give the mother or the father much thought… However…. It does lead to Addison and Jake sharing a kiss (more later) and to Sheldon leaving town to go see his ex-wife. Presumably we’ll learn why Sheldon had to see her next week.
November 7 - Joe Frazier, pro boxer, 67
Customers in the construction industry are increasingly demanding green building design, and water conservation is one of the key factors in green certification. Dow Corning offers products that can contribute to green building design and certification, since our products are within the permissible VOC (volatile organic content) range. We are committed to bring value to the waterproofing space and our global expertise and technologies to India. We are already working with many companies and consultants in the country.
The other women and I checked on the almost-victim, she was OK, no harm done, just a bit shaken. But it got me to thinking... could've been me. Why wasn't it?
I personally expected that when I entered the middle of my life, I would start to mourn my youthful physical self and that, even though I had thought long and hard about the dangers of the beauty myth, I would feel a sense of existential loss of self when my appearance began to change.
The Arabs in Israel have far, far more rights and liberties than non-Muslims in any Muslim or Islamic state. In Pakistan, Egypt, Somalia, etc. Muslims are killing non-Muslims on a massive scale. And yet you dare point the finger at Israel? You hypocrite.
4 TB of confectioners sugar
Blair's limited moves in the direction of privatizing both schools (the city academies) and health-care (the increasing "farming-out" of NHS patients to other providers) are however at least in the right direction as far as conservatives are concerned. And to move a party that was once the party of unilateral nuclear disarmament to being the party of Iraq intervention and a pro-U.S. foreign policy generally was a quite astounding Rightwards shunt to that party. But that is what Blair did to the British Labour Party (not without opposition, of course). Contemporary British Conservatives are ineffectual largely because Blair has stolen their clothes.
proved many times over by the myriads of testimonies emanating all over the
"It’s a great honor to be awarded two Michelin stars in our first year…” he said. “It’s particularly satisfying after the rather hostile reception we had on opening and this is a real career high for me."
On the whole, Big Finish has something of a 'Trad' tendency, attempting to recreate the feel of televised Doctor Who, rather than push the boundaries of the Who panorama. We get an awful lot of very old fashioned Dr. Who stories with monsters and returning characters. Big Finish have done a few experimental stories like this peculiar piece.
Happy customers are the heart of our business.
Popular French painter Toulouse-Lautrec is the subject of an illustrated talk in Chatham later this month (April).
I saw the skills transferring to my own business when I was made redundant. What I also had to do was transfer the skills I used in all my jobs and refit them making them fit for purpose as a carer and constantly remind myself how far I have come. As we gather new experiences to deal with the tasks at hand we are equiped with additional skills for the next challenge that will come.
Hello everyone! Jose here and I just felt like sharing a blog for the husbands out there especially the young guys who are married like myself or even engaged and are looking for advice for there future marriage. I would like to write about how men are to love in a marriage. Disclaimer: I am in no way, shape, or form a marriage expert and have much to learn. Still, I would like to write about something that has been on my heart.
* threaten to leave
Current rise if the generator is additionally modulated by another audio wave, whose modulation
missing the names to 2 songs any ideas people and of course
Here is my take on the photo. I really loved the colors and lines so I tried to incorporate them both into the card, but still keep it CAS. I couldn't really tell if that was a dark gray or a dark taupe brown so I went with gray. Hope you enjoy! Can't wait to get home later and sit down to check out what everyone else has done.
So my plan....
Now on to not as serious matters! I haven’t biked since last blog posting. The combination of rain, work, and lack of sleep have kept me off my bike, but I have plans to go tomorrow and give myself a decent workout. I’m thinking I might have to take my bike to a shop and get it “fitted” do me, as I don’t know what my posture should be like, or what things can and/or need to be adjusted. My hands have been going numb when I sleep since I started biking, so I bought a pair of biking gloves. I’m hoping that helps with it. I also need to do some research about maintaining and doing minor repairs on the bike when I’m on the road. I don’t even know how to fix a flat tire, and I have no clue how to learn such things (any fellow biking bloggers, feel free to leave some tips. haha)
Now back to practicing maze-drawing… I've a long way to go.
Christainanity: Obsession
and force yourself to act normal,
If God can put up with us and show us loving-kindness, which is always there and that we don’t deserve, how much more should be show loving-kindness to each other whether we are deserving or not.
Level 5: MP Cost: 22, Damage: 235%, Number of Attacks: 4, 15% to inflict darkness on the enemy and lower it’s accuracy by 5% for 50 seconds. The last attack is critical.
Mon Père Noël secret de l'échange organisé par Chookyblue n'est autre que... Vicki !!!!!
I believe it is highly possible this maybe our last Summer to really get things set and prepared. We may make it to Winter but after that we maybe on our own and practice time maybe over.
Following the dismal failure of the initial project, Moe embarked on one of the most famous and clandestine ANC projects in 1988. It was code-named "Vula", and this time it was Chippy's turn to take the big stage.
This was a great race for an inaugural event and I would definitely consider doing it again if it coincided with visiting family in Southern CA. The only thing I was irked by was that we had to pay to park for the expo and pay to park for race day- I think they should just up the price of registration to include the parking so it’s not an issue. Running out of cups didn’t bother me at all, I thought it was pretty funny, and I always run with hydration so no problem there. Good course, neat bib, great shirt, really awesome medal.
But not a word from Najib or his team. Such a public roasting, and yet Utusan, Star and all its media organs carried not a word on the matter.
The Chinese consulate-general in Sydney also posted a travel warning on its website and warned its citizens to avoid unnecessary travel after dark. A Foreign Ministry spokesman said that China was very concerned about the incident and urged Australia to improve its public security.
Mar 30, 1891:
I just thought I'd take a small, one-post detour into wine territory since I found myself attending the Pittsburgh Wine Festival recently. Now normally when I go to a gathering where adult beverages are served, I'm usually looking for a cold beer or a colder Martini. But I'm amenable to the occasional glass of wine, so when the opportunity came up, I took it.
Oh my goodness. Great question. My brain seems to be stuck on Oprah. Not sure why since I'm not sure how interesting her diary would be - "Worked. Worked more." - but maybe it would give me an insight into how she stays so completely awesome and inspirational.
"They wanted this because they didn't wanna be associated with those that come to our country illegally. This has been part of our troop for almost 10 years," said Ryan Antczak, another assistant scoutmaster for Troop 11, to Latino Rebels.
The first thing to consider (so not coincidentally it falls first in a book proposal) is the potential markets for your book. Obviously the primary market for your book is whatever age range you wrote it for. But there are lots of secondary markets for children's books. The other more obvious ones are:
I attempt to help with homework.
“Tony,” the doctor began, “I’m afraid your mother is suffering from a heroin addiction. This drug is harming her significantly, and she will likely die if she keeps using heroin. Now, do you know how she is getting the stuff?”
Suexxx
Paul Byrne was the manager who created the singing group – The Steps, in 1997. He achieved this along with writers Barry Upton and Steve Crosby. Lisa Scott-Lee, Faye Tozer, Lee Latchford-Evans, Ian “H” Watkins and Claire Richards are the main band members.
Felt ehh. My left hip piriformis stuff was still bothering me a bit, and my left calf/shin and knee felt stiff/sore mid run.
Told that Mr Methane auditioned on screen for Britain’s Got Talent, but did not get through, Howard said: “Oh I would let him through. In a minute, I’d let him through.”
Always looking for new places to sell, I came across a new online auction site. Take the auction bidding element like ebay, combining it with a live auction but do it online and you have a virtual auction site known as Tophatter Auction. On Tophatter you create an avatar figure to represent yourself in their virtual auction room. There is only a smidge of room for customizing your avatar but I guess something is better than nothing!
seriously?! all i could think about when she dumped him (in the middle of a war, no less) was that she was such a rotten b. then, she halfway tries to seduce him, and then he sells his father's entire coin collection and donates it just so her husband will live. the husband that she fell in love with while they were still together...
YES a man typically does the pursuing and most women are very fond of this masculine trait. But a man has to know and be creative about what things he will do to show her his interest and to try to get her that will not put him in an awkward or negative light and will not make her feel awkward or uncomfortable.
My name is Miranda, and I’m a social addict. Get used to it.
Okay, head still throbbing a bit, so I’ll sign off. Must remember to cue up Six Sentence Sunday before I crash into bed.
How do you roll peanut butter into logs? You don’t. So instead, I patted down the dough with tons of flour, and shaped it carefully by hand. I even got a few half rolls in there. But when it came time to transfer to a cookie sheet, it wouldn’t budge without breaking. In the end, it took three spatulas, a balancing act, and a little reconstructive surgery, but it worked.
The relationship between mental health and crime, as with that between the brain and crime, is one that is both complex and controversial. The media has, unfortunately, often represented this link in a negative way, leading to the perception that people committing certain types of offences are all mentally ill. This is, of course, far from the case. Yes, some individuals with mental health problems do commit serious crime, there is no doubt about that. But far more people who suffer with these conditions don’t, and pose no danger to other people at all. The misperceptions and misunderstandings that surround the links here do, I believe, really need to be tackled so as to reduce the stereotyping that is so often their result.
Personally, I liked the directors' vision for the whole film, and came away with a slightly better sense of the person behind that steely persona we all saw on the tv.
Mother: Abiah Folger -
Having said all this, however, I would happily be in the same organisation as the people who wrote that statement. Clearly, we envision the same form of society down the road, and want to organise non-hierarchically to get there. We should be in the same organisation, a new International. And so should the comrades in Solidarity Federation, the Anarchist Federation, the IWW, Liberty & Solidarity, The Commune, and all the non-aligned libertarian communists out there. So long as we agree on communism and non-hierarchical organising, why should we be organisationally separated by tactical nuances? Surely, together we are stronger?
She passed today! Her eyes are fully developed! Baby N had his appointment today too. We had fun in the waiting room:) I m glad I don't have to watch her eyes being probed with metal instruments anymore. Baby Kevin was a big boy in the waiting room...thanks to Ashley and a sticker book.
Chances are that it is not worldly things such as how charming everyone may have thought her to be, or how beautiful everyone thought her to be. These things fade with time. In addition, the outward trappings of life, such as charm and beauty are soon gone. Time fades them all too quickly. Women who focus on these aspects soon find themselves forgotten or tossed aside.
Have fun! I would love to see what you create!
A school in Massachusetts removed the word “God” from the Lee Greenwood song “God Bless the USA.” The principal made the decision. Eventually it was decided the song would not be used in the school’s talent show, in an attempt to quiet some of the controversy.
In other ways, this blog is about all children and their rights. It's about every child's right to be treated as a full human being. It's not condemning mothers who use things like corporal punishment. Instead it's pointing out the logical problems with it and the justifications for it, and explaining what I do differently.
Oh, Sarah. SMG. The big Mich-Gell. Mrs. Freddie Prinze. We had such high hopes. Not just you – effortless, glorious, Buffy you – but two of you. As twins. It sounded amazing. High camp, yes, soapy, yes, overly convoluted, yes, but still… it was SARAH-MICHELLE-THE-FUCK GELLAR.
about so many things.
I was not exactly looking forward to The Last September. My track record with the rest of the Irish films I was assigned last summer wasn’t the greatest, and the Netflix reviews (yeah, this was a while ago!) were mostly along the lines of “great cast, boring movie”. But it was on the list and it had Maggie Smith in it, so I put it on one evening just to get it out of the way. And then I was absolutely enthralled. I love it when that happens.
Yet somehow I got sucked into just that.
It's called Google.
It's criminal how good the stories have been so far. Criminally insane.
Michael Cimarusti (Providence)
Russ: “Can I say that I could not have asked for or imagined a better companion and conversationalist than this gentleman.” (more applause)
Their once was a girl who was oblivious to young teen love. She didn’t pay much mind to boyfriends and enjoyed having the company of just friends. But one day a guy approached her and tried to grasp and maintain the attention of her pretty eyes. He introduced himself as Gerson and she as Emily. Starting off with a truthful relationship, 3 months later Gerson leaves Emily to go to Florida for a few months. He selfishly promised to return to be with her, however many months went by. So, Emily who opened up her heart was left with the question – “why me?”
This is one case where, when I first read this book, it wasn't a favorite. I probably would have given it a 3 at most b/c it just bugged me that the bunny wanted to run away. That said, I've gained a whole new appreciation for this sweet story as a multi-purpose lesson platform--AND sweet story. I piggybacked this lesson onto a previous lesson where I shared Goodnight Moon (also by the Brown and Hurd team) and Goodnight Goon (by Michael Rex). The Runaway Bunny was originally copyrighted in 1942, a full 5 years before Goodnight Moon's date of 1947. Some of what made it fun to piggyback these books was pointing out that Hurd used some images/ideas from Runaway Bunny in Goodnight Moon--and by using a document camera, it's easy to lay the two books out side by side to show that the Mama Bunny Fisherman image was duplicated as a black and white painting in the Goodnight Moon bedroom and that both books included a cow jumping over the moon. Other similarities? Both books used the black and white to color then back to black and white color pattern and in both books the bunny was wearing blue striped pajamas.
When the oatmeal looks like this, turn off the heat and stir in up to a tablespoon of butter to finish. Honestly, sometimes I forget to add the butter (like this morning) and the oatmeal is still wonderful, so just leave it out if you're worried about the extra fat. But it does add a nice richness.
The book moves quickly. Maybe the series did well because female P.I.’s were scarce in the paperback originals world. If you’re going to have a long wait somewhere and don’t want to get into anything you have to think about, a Honey West book may be good time passer. There’s a lot of absurdity as revelations come one after the other. Despite the violence etc. it’s a light series made for the airport/bus station book rack.
but you don't understand
He couldn't see any.
Do you get what I’m saying?
here are some pics of "Amigo".These are some pictures from "Hello"So, honestly that's only half of the pictures on each of the albums. It's crazy because those are some of the individual pictures, there a more as a group and of course more individual. They include the lyrics (but they are on Korean which I cannot read) and as well as a "thank you section" for each member.
I was speaking with a friend and one her deals is that she becomes too attached-I have a difficult time forming attachments. I just don’t ask ‘those’ questions, nor do I offer answers to ‘those’ questions. Believe me; as much as I love talking about myself you would be surprised at the amount of superficial information I give. The amount of times I randomly hear, “I didn’t know that about you” well of course you didn’t because we don’t actually talk.
*Read at least one book per month.
I honestly didn’t know if I would post again, but I figured why not? Anyway, not much going on in the library world. We’re about to shift to summer hours and I honestly can’t wait to have Saturdays off…I will miss my money though.
On the subject - Established in 1719, and now under the watchful eye of the increasingly persuasive Greene King, this brand is likely to become more widely known now than ever before. After nearly three hundred years - that's not before time.
Feelings of worthlessness
What will it cost you to make each car – labour, raw materials etc? These are the variable costs as they will increase with every car you make. Again, you might get some help from the interviewer with estimating a rough figure. You’ve already come up with an estimate of the volume you’re likely to sell so you can work out “the fixed + the variable costs”.
reason why priests are illustrated bald-headed with no eyebrows or
he held up a stick
Last week, a large chunk of North America (including P.E.I.) was in the middle of a heat wave the likes of which we have never seen. And that’s not just a figure of speech. According to Dr. Jeff Master of the Weather Channel, “There have never been so many temperature records broken for spring warmth in a one-week period.” Dr. Masters published a statistical analysis in which he concluded “It is highly unlikely the warmth of the current ‘Summer in March’ heat wave could have occurred unless the climate was warming.”
From the Flower of Nature
"i carry this sign, because i want the mamas and the daddies to see that i understand that they're in a moment of crisis and that they see no other way. My prayer is that they will see this sign and soften and have mercy on the little one inside."
But she also knew that each of us may have a different path. My brother had different challenges. When he was 3 my mother was told he would likely never learn to read. Well, she knew differently and worked with him and his educational support staff and he not only did he graduate from High School, but he went on to a 2 yr college on a partial scholarship. If my mother had not had faith in him, not worked hard with his support staff, and not set the bar high enough for him that he had something to strive for, none of that would have happened.
One of my favorite tracks on the CD, “Holloway Park,” immediately brings to mind techno/new wave acts like Missing Persons. Actually, it seems like little pieces of the album have been plucked right out of the 80s and placed into the 11 tracks on “Fatty Gets A Stylist.” In addition to the previously mentioned Gary Numan touches on “The Plane Went Down,” the ballad “Let Me Fade” has elements of classic Howard Jones and Kate Bush while “Better in Spain” evokes Roxy Music.
The BCG, as it is known, is a tough hike due to the many rocks and uneven terrain—but to get to get to Ranger Falls, you have to go that way.
a strangled butterfly
Cardio: I went to the local high school track to calibrate my Nike + software. Since I know the track is 400 meter/.25 miles, I was able to run 1 lap and then adjust the distance the Nike + tracked to the .25 miles. I ran 1 lap with the old calibration and then another 1 to calibrate. This once again showed how off my chip was. It said I ran .21 miles, when it was really .25. The first run was .21 and was a 7:24(actual time 1:34) pace and when I calibrated the 2nd run it turned out to be .25 at a 6:08 pace(actual town 1:32). While the first time was 2 seconds longer, this is still obviously a HUGE difference!!!
969. Spicy Beans & Local Gala Apple @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 1:04 p.m.
It's not what I originally intended, but sometimes happy accidents are the best ones!
That incredible summer fair signaled America’s arrival as a new, muscular world power. Millions came that summer for their first look at the miraculous X-rays, infant incubators and experience the marvels of electrification, which would soon sweep across the nation.
Just call me Bo-Peep.
"Purple Haze" by Jimi Hendrix
As 800,000 Jews were once expelled from Arab countries, so are Christians being forced from lands they've inhabited for centuries.
“Michael”, i cried, “why did you have to go and leave us?”
a folk culture in which music is intertwined with the prosaic
These great and beautiful artists lived it as they played it: all of them knew the price of a loaf of bread and most had times in their lives when they couldn’t scrape it together. They had credentials, in other words, and I respect those as much as the next man, possibly more.
The input volume you see there in the green is coming from the "kick" channel.
The cuisine is continental, but more importantly, the beer list resembles the likes we have seen on better part of the continent, too. Food may be king here, but it is seldom to see such a well-chosen list of 32 beers in this country, including 4 Nøgne Ø's, 2 Atna beers and 9 suberb Belgians. The Norwegian macro beer establishment is represented by Aass, another good choice in my opinion. In terms of selection this place ranks third in the beer desert of Oslo, but when you add beer knowledge and service it may well be a contender for the gold medal.
* Keep them refrigerated if at all you have any left over.I had none :-)
The idea of banning words and phrases crops up repeatedly. While certainly it’s worthwhile to draw attention to clichés, vogue words and otherwise potentially troublesome expressions, I don’t think banning them is a sensible solution. At the very least, it inculcates a proscriptive and censorial attitude, which is unconstructive. And what happens when a word you need is a word you’ve banned?
pepper and onions, salt, pepper, and oregano. Picture #3: 6 beets
Coming to consoles on May 1, we’re going back to the early 2000s with the Mt. Eddie DLC Pack for the arcadey snowboarding title, SSX. The DLC will actually encompass two packs, one being the retro mountain itself complete with nine drops for racing and tricking alike. The second pack will be a “classic characters” pack taken from Tricky and SSX3 each with a unique snowboard and alternative colorways for their outfits. Not only that, the first pack will also contain 3 classic music tracks. Unfortunately, no word on the music or characters coming quite yet.
I love you so so so so much
Take the time to straighten and manipulate the branches. These trees get crammed into boxes and look anything but natural if you don't help them out a little. But don't straighten the branches too much because real trees have their flaws. You're not trying to achieve perfection, just a more "natural" look. Although this step is kind of a pain, it's actually a decorating benefit to have wired branches that you can twist and turn into whatever direction you need.
So take a moment, and your dreams,
I told you last month that I'm not doing NaNo, and I'm not. I still stick with my decision to focus on revising my current project, but as I see the NaNo camaraderie and drama (i.e. "I didn't get my wordcount in because my dog died!") on Twitter and Facebook, I'm feeling a little left out. I want to post wordcounts, or participate in a 1K in an hour sprint, or go to a NaNo writer's retreat.
2) Counting the Cost I have learned, however, that when you take these numbers and put them within context and place, these numbers actually tell a story.
What have I learned from the experience? Mainly I've learned how to tell when not to write. In the first few days of the marathon, there was a really hot spell and during the early afternoon (which is usually when I finish getting up in the 'morning') it was just too hot for me to concentrate. There were also a couple of days where I was just too agitated about something or too interested in something else to concentrate on writing, and for the first time I was able to spot that in time to stop trying to write before I got frustrated.
projects that feature anything and everything
The colors and textures. The intricacy of every detail. The seemingly laid backed-ness of the designers. The models lined up in their leather coats.
Dream, home, 5:33 am
Detail:
More Facts
The Maya who settled in Chichén (Spanish for ‘the mouth of the well’), around 550AD, are credited with an advanced and brilliant knowledge of astronomy, The most famous structure which is believed to have been built before 800 AD, is the Temple of Kulkulkan, renamed ‘El Castillo’ by the Spanish. This seventy-eight hundred foot tall pyramid, is actually a solar calendar with which the Maya worked out exactly when to plant their crops. There are ninety-one steps on each side, and another step up to the roof altar, and every day, the shadows fall upon a different step.
I just sprayed them once they were up. It works! I also use it for bedding… sheets, duvet cover, bed skirts. It’s great for traveling too! Just pour into a small spray bottle, and it can tag along in your luggage. My friend says that I could probably make my own using fabric softener and water. She might be right, but I haven’t attempted it yet. Until then, this is definitely one of my favorite things.
We realize that many people don't have blogs, but instead participate in our challenges using on-line galleries. We love that you are helping us spread the word about Squigglefly! However, many of the galleries require passwords and not all of us at Squigglefy belong to every gallery or group. To help us make sure we don't miss your artwork, we are asking that if you do use an online gallery that you leave us a comment on the challenge post. That way we'll be sure to have a member of the Squigglefly team who is a member of that gallery (SCS, CDAC, PCP, etc) can validate your entry.
How was your weekend? Mine was...well...I guess exhausting is the nicest way to put it. You see, our family was supposed to go out of town this weekend to celebrate my grandmother's 80th birthday. Towards the end of last week the baby had several rough nights in a row. He woke up pretty bad on Friday morning so we made the game-time decision that my husband would stay home with the baby.
I finished five triangles and nine rectangles, thinking okay this will go smoothly. Then...it said repeat 3 more times. Twenty seven more rectangles and some triangles as well. Okay, I had some road trips planned. It would give me something to do in the car. And, how many more episodes of "The Tudors" are left? Well, those little rectangles, even though they are only 22 stitches across and 22 rows each, take a little bit of time.
Go to the sacred places of the earth to pray for peace, and have respect for the Earth which gives us our food, clothing, and shelter. We need to reactivate the energy of these sacred places. That is our work.”
29 THE average urban Briton is caught on camera 300 times a day. With 10 per cent of the world's 30 million CCTV cameras, we are the most watched nation in the world.
We stopped at IHOP for a pancake dinner which my boys love so it was a win win situation.
“Tell ya what, someday there will be a chain of stores named in my honor. And they will have beer there. I will give you a bottle of Ale on Lees from 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010.”
#3 List your 5 all-time most beautiful/sexiest female actresses.
You will also discover they tend to obsess over ‘old school’ TV, GAMES, FILMS, CAMERAS, thinking that their ‘appriciation’ makes them a superior human breed but sadly makes them look like self absorbed cocks. In fact most hipsters tend to be unaware of what decade they are living and enjoy regression rather than progression.
Arendt’s major concern in her essay “The Crisis in Education” (1954) was that our much-vaunted school system, at all levels, was “helpless before the individual child,” that we were in danger of forsaking the “obligation that the existence of children – human beings in the process of becoming — entails for every human society…One cannot educate without at the same time teaching,” she wrote, but “an education without learning is empty.” The ultimate iteration of freedom as action — in Hannah Arendt’s hopeful words — would be only through education to inspire and encourage “care for a world that can survive us, and remain a place fit to live in, for those who come after us.”
the only innu,s I dislike are innuendos …
Meanwhile the oracle continues to mystically provide clues to what may happen in the future. I know how unbelievable that sounds but it is what it is. The skeptics are right to question the merits of such technological seersaying but the web bot keeps coming up with new reasons to make believers out of these skeptics.
Shareology’s favorite accessories store has just moved to a new location near 494 and Lyndale. Next time you’re at Best Buy, head east in the center to Our Little Secret; it’s just around the corner from the mattress store.
(Also could someone stop me looking at asos?!)
So let it be
1/4 c fresh lemon juice
Also on offer is a chance to play detective and solve the clues in a mock crime scene, test your speed against the police speed gun, become the subject of a ‘Wanted’ poster and visit the many stands which include a display of weapons from the firearms school, information on drugs awareness, crime prevention, special constables and competitions.
Sherri Wheatley
nothing
Jeff Peterson had been on the verge of a breakdown when he had approached Moody a few weeks before. His wife and daughter were emotionally detached and Jeff was feeling more and more of the strain of their apathy toward each other.
Like right now: Halloween. I personally do not like Halloween. But will there be a bowl of sugar, er candy, to pass out to the little sweeties who knock on the door on Halloween night. You betcha. Halloween decorations on the front porch. That is enough celebration for that holiday.
Next Stop Jay Street Boro Hall.
The night didn’t end until 11:45. We’d gotten gelato because our tongues hurt from all the talking and they kindly walked me back to my apartment. It was an amazing night.
Guarding that holy shrine was the Despot! "Always me" he moaned as opened up his coffers to call in the Irish Legion. Smythe seems to also have appeared, with British funds? And a local Jeddak sent a small mobile force of gaurdsmen.
"Benefactor" turns out to be married (not to her), a Democrat and in a low level elected office in the area.
Take yourself out to a cafe to write. It’s good for your writing and good for small businesses in your neighborhood too. This review has been cross posted on Yelp, where you can read all The Sexy Grammarian’s cafe reviews as well as reviews clients have written about our services.
As it is. No. Not at all.
Sækkestolen er fyldt med bittesmå krøyerkugler, så den kan let blive trykket i facon.
Cheesecake has been something I’ve always wanted to attempt. I remember, before we even had an oven (we finally bought a functional oven, along with building a new house, just a year ago), I would put together cream cheese, whipped cream and canned blueberries on a pie plate and call it cheesecake. I didn’t know better.
11. I went to bed too soon and got up to ____?
i needed a cigarette, a joint, a loaded crack pipe or even a rusty, dripping, syringe full of gasoline or family dog piss. i was a mess. i was speaking-yelling-rude-foreign things with a tongue that i didn’t recognize and i was screaming my dreams out onto a cold tile floor.
There’s nothing wrong with that,
Blend all ingredients until smooth.
I never liked it when someone told me I was like my mom. But, I am. My temperament comes from mom’s French-Canadian roots, emotional. I’m an emotion filled leader and I’m emotional. I work at being emotionally steady.
So that’s what? Two from college, and my most recent niece, and then add in two other nieces, and I’ve got five, count ‘em: five! That’s right. I’ve sponsored five young women in their Confirmation. With each one, the task is just as great, and the responsibility weighs just as heavily. One might think I’d be used to it by now, but no. You see, each one of these young women has entrusted to me a sacred duty, to help guide them on their way to heaven. It can make life difficult (for all of us) at times, when the situation warrants me saying something that is not necessarily what anyone wants to hear. But, I’ve had to listen to my own sponsor before when I’ve needed reminders of how I’m supposed to behave, and I’m grateful she is there to help me. With each one, I’m more humbled than before that yet another person has seen in me something I don’t see myself that has caused them to ask me to participate in their lives in a very real way. Humbled is the only word for it (unless you think dumbfounded works; there’s that too).
Salaam Rugby distinguishes itself in its greater focus on the difficulties these sports pioneers face when engaging in the scrum of gender politics in modern Iran, where obstacles are placed in front of them to discourage their non-conformist efforts. For example, the only field time the women are allotted is in the middle of the summer days, the hottest time of the day, made even hotter since women in Iran are required to be covered head to toe to wrist, even when playing sports. The best fields and best times on those fields are reserved for men. Yet when they get a chance to play, the rugby pitch can still offer a place for sanctuary from the society that limits their actions off the pitch. (Although I haven't seen Laura Green's short Lady Razorbacks, the brief summary in the program for the San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival suggests that this short about Pacific Islander American women rugby players in East Palo Alto also highlights sport as a sanctuary for women.)
04 Stop the Killing Now
flowers and leaves and branches overspill
It is available for other consoles too and if like us you love board games then you should really consider this, it takes out all the arguing about banking and cashing up and houses and lets you get on with the game. A massive hit in our home it has been hehe!
I'm not really a huge fan of simply reposting other people's blogs (at least not without my own clever, helpful commentary) and I am also not a huge fan of the Fugly Blog. But - I am becoming a pretty big fan of Dressage Curmudgeon and I really enjoyed her guest post on Fugly.
Until next week…
Second in command at Cobra, Baroness knew who was boss and was only too happy to stomp her point through with her black leather stilettos. Insubordination? You bet your ass, there's just no way a private's privates could be at ease around her.
It all came to a head in the finale as Roo had to face the ghosts of boyfriends past. She had to let go of them in order to be happy with Charlie. She’d been haunted by her past sexual encounters for too long. It’s a metaphor, right? Meanwhile Zach, having been confronted with his imminent death has chosen to embrace life. It took dying for him to truly learn how to live. As subtle as Laid likes to think it is, it’s about as subtle as The Bucket List.
Eight Worts carry Art out of the canyon to a huge keg-like
So close you can almost taste it
Sunday morning served as a somewhat unexpected, but crucial and rewarding start to the week. The Cornell team knew that it was headed to the St. Bernard Parish to lend its hands to the St. Bernard Project, but I’m not entirely sure that the team was aware of the gravity of the troubles still facing the region, almost 5 years after Hurricane Katrina. The St. Bernard Project is a non-profit organization that was started in March 2006 to help rebuild houses in the local neighborhood that were affected by the hurricane. Since then, the group has rebuilt over 260 homes, and has served as a source of inspiration, hope, and service to the community. The project employees are quick to point out that there are still approximately 9,000 or so homes that remain unlivable. We spent the first portion of the morning listening to the organization’s co-founders, Zach Rosenburg and Liz McCartney, speak to the experiences and mission of the group, and then we headed out to sand and mud drywall at a working site. I’d be remiss if I didn’t give a shout-out to Danny Hest and Henry Parry-Okeden for their pretty keen mudding skills; both led the way during an enjoyable and productive morning.
And the flashing of their fingers in the Blue Men’s stream.
Meet other people with similar goals. One of the most important aspects of a successful life is interacting with people who have goals that are similar to ours. This creates a support network that allows you to thrive.
Next week is down to real business as we hone the set for the upcoming Summer tour. You know we haven't had a tea break for two weeks! That's how hard Magic Ship rock for you. Yes, you.
(1) Of the "seven questions" presented in the en banc order (and the 50,000 sub-parts), the court was not able to address each of these questions individually. The perception was that the first three questions were the main focus of the court's attention.
DW: Now these black helicopters were like Apaches with weapons on them?
"Get 'em in the eyes, get 'em RIGHT in the eyes!"
Nelly - 37
Fireman or Policeman
“If you can, can you bring me to the side? I want to look at the water!”
Pink undershirt
History may be repeating itself where the left is concerned. But it's doubtful they'll duck anything this time around. Union thugs have none of the romantic air of campus rebels, and the beards and filthy tee-shirts of the anarchists lost their shock value long ago. They will get little in the way of protection from a media that's on the verge of collapse. But even more compelling is the fact that their opposition is no longer a corrupt establishment, but a movement representing Americans as a whole. Conservatives today are no longer the staid, isolated remnant of mid-century, but a tougher, blunter group that comes from a much wider slice of American life. Confront them with people who attack women and threaten children, and it's easy to surmise who's going to end up on deck. A violent left is a dying left. If I were on that side of the fence, I would worry.
So my thinking is that conventions and conferences are most certainly worth the time and the money -- if you choose what works best for you. For example, I doubt there's much overlap between NoirCon and Malice Domestic.
Writers are Also Composers/Directors
I started with the Naan first, since it had to rise for 45 minutes, and soon after that I was in a whirlwind of sauteing onions, rolling dough, and measuring out spices. All the while, my kitten, Jack, slept on the floor close by, wrapped tightly in my orange scarf. He and the scarf have developed quite a bond recently. I think it belongs to him now. If you try this recipe, plan for it to get a little crazy in the kitchen, or just plan better than I did.
whipped in from Vietnam
So why is Zion growing? Because we are one of the rare church communities (OK, I’m shamelessly prejudiced) that embraces change. For example, when three new members came to me and said that they wanted to start a coffee hour following church (Zion hasn’t had one for decades), the response of every long-term member that I talked about it with was “oh good! What a great idea!” Many churches would distrust a new member making such a big change. Zion members just line up for the cookies.
“Nuff said.
You despise
I thought about editing this article for grammar and punctuation, but I decided not to. This is what people are seeing when they find it on the internet, and so I present it to you in that way. It’s long, and it’s fascinating, and I think you will not be sorry if you are able to find the time to read it.
And lastly, shopping at the chain stores that are doing these ads means that the price you’re paying has to cover all of those marketing expenses. I don’t know what kind of margins the jewelry stores get, but I wonder how they compare to the independent jewelers.
Then rejoice in His name, above all, powerful true, then weep or shout for God has revived you,
It’s the people buying the weapons who are the fools for being and letting themselves be played like that..
According to the weather man it's going to hot, quite hot; so I dare say a trip to our favourite hide away beach will be high on the wish list.
See my splits for my 3 marathon distances above (or here for more detail). I’m really chuffed with the Glasgow to Greenock run… and the best bit is… the it’s the next day and I’m not even all that sore. I just have that reassuring hint of delayed onset muscle soreness in pain in my quads and that’s about it!!
imperceptibly annihilating
But a friend and fellow novelist, Adam Ford, got me thinking yesterday about the physics of it. And here it is in perspective.
These ideas are nothing to worry about though because Sustein writes that they would only be put into practice under “imaginable conditions”. Whatever those could possibly be.
Briggs wrote scads of books, among them THE PERSONNEL OF FAIRYLAND and the four-volume DICTIONARY OF BRITISH FOLKTALES IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE. She’s supremely comfortable with her material. She doesn’t attempt linguistic fireworks—who needs to, when children’s livers are washing ashore?—but she writes with an endearing, understated wryness. She tells the story, for example, of a young man who, when dancing with a Scandinavian elf-woman, notices that she is blessed with a tail. “But he did not betray her. He said, ‘Pretty maid, you are losing your garter.’ His tact was rewarded by good luck all his life.”
Of course I am!
I am from the wild ginger, trillium floor'd woods, the cat-tails and pussy-willow banks where water flows cool and clear.
I had seen a Youtube Video of a tent card awhile back by Splitcoaststampers that I wanted to try and I decided that this was a good time to give it a shot:
Other than that, nothing much to report. PB is still carting my ass around, poor guy. Girls are doing great. Brooklyn has been cleared to enroll in preschool in the fall to address some of the speech and cognitive delays, which is fantastic. Working on finding a preschool for Lily, too - she really wants to go and I think that some structure would be good for her.
I often wonder why I find it so much easier to spill my deepest, darkest, scariest secrets and fears over the Internet than in real life. Part of me knows that it’s a little safer this way – I can delete words, phrases, whole conversations as if they never happened. I can literally edit my thoughts. But it’s not really that much safer. My friends and I have been attacked for sharing our thoughts, for daring to fight for our freedom, our future, our treatment. Two friends have gone underground – no longer posting as themselves, but as anonymous, vague beings.
All the faltering and stammering of the main man actor and so...But at least, Oguri was really cool there xD
The Brick 26 Challenge is designed for all levels of athletes, from the walker to the ultra-athlete and will challenge participants with a variety of obstacle courses along the route. The event will include a one mile Honor Walk; a 10k course in which “competitive” participants carry 26 pounds of bricks in a backpack; and 4 military represented boot-camps.
I don't know how to call that but I curled it inwards? haha
The disappointment did not end here.
Ever since 3rd grade and my first Judy Blume book!
Me: DOESN'T THIS SOUND FREAKY? AREN'T YOU SCARED OF ME?
what a surprise to see this through our
So for a little over 18 km I was able to meet all of my personal goals. I did end up flying away from the gaggle and almost dirted, but a low save over my planned landing zone (the light patch you see near the bottom right of the picture) got me back up high enough to make it to the next little valley. 18 km isn't a really long flight in paragliding (especially in a competition) so I was sure that my wallet was going to be a little lighter back at HQ. But while waiting on the side of the road for the retrieve bus I was passed by 3 vans full of paragliders, and as they passed I saw 2 of my team mates. That made the wait a LOT more tolerable, hee hee. It turns out a lot of people got foiled by the shade and my flight was good enough that I ended up having the 2nd highest score out of the (10) women that day, a personal best for me!
Just to give you a glimpse into the storyline, Rowan was widowed a year ago and has decided to turn her three storey Georgian house in London, into three seperate apartments. This not only gives her something to focus on, but is a way of earning an income and making new friends. As with any story, things don't go smoothly. She causes an accident, someone's sending her unpleasant cryptic notes, her best friend is suffering form an obsessive compulsive disorder and she finds out shocking news about her late-husband. Did she ever really know him? Rowan also feels ashamed and guilty because she's falling in love with James, one of her tenants, after only a year as a widow.
7Let us be glad and rejoice, and give honour to him: for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready.
to 306 inclusive they speak in turn. V. Gutterdsammerung, III. i: the
The legend of the Mandylion is also given a reworking by de Wesselow. That cloth looted in 1204 was, he proposes, also the Mandylion. Its landscape format, he suggests with the aid of diagrams, was the result of it being the top fold of a bigger cloth – what we know as the Turin Shroud.
I do have TWO children, after all…
Eastern Australia is still having storms and floods.
You'll actually have to follow another link, but it's worth it. I promise it's safe for work. Grab a tissue. The song alone makes me cry. It's particularly appropriate because Bunny had to come out a week early, rather than in his own time. Kelly did such an amazing job. Every image is perfect.
Yates asks. The man says yes, handing his hat to the colonel, then removing his wig and handing that over as well. In the hat, wig and cloak, stooped over and contorting his face, Colonel Yates looks exactly like the other man -- except for the absence of those spiky teeth, which he conceals by raising the collar of the cloak.
assorted underworlds in which I’ve domiciled
Add tomato paste and enough water to meet the top of the beans
That's three right ?
Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru
Hang a few dozen of your hooligan and jihadist scum from the lamp posts and they'll get the point rather quickly.
Sentiments: computer generated
Oh yes, but first I snuck upstairs to take a peek at the current state of their love nest, to see how far they had come along on their "homework", which was to prime and paint the trim and doors white. I was smiling, trim was down!
I am quick to jump on the Anthony Bourdain bandwagon. He has provided some of the most scathing (and unfortunately, most accurate) criticism of the Food Network in recent years. Of the network itself, he wrote for the the New York Times about the state of food from 2000 to 2010, “But 2007 was also the year that Food Network canceled ‘Emeril Live,’ and stopped ordering episodes of ‘Molto Mario,’ a calculated break with the idea of the celebrity chef as a seasoned professional and a move toward an entirely new definition: a personality with a sauté pan.”
The media and fans were quick to judge whether it was an indirect hint to say Drake would be leaving YMCMB. Cash Money boss Birdman even denied such report was true and even tweeted a post written by an anonymous person which read: ”Some blog sites are starting to spread this rumor just for attention. The rumor states that Drizzy has fired managers Gee Roberson, Al Branch, Kyambo Joshua and Bryant Cortez of Hip Hop Since 1978.”
One of my favourite activities.
John increased his speed and passed the bus, hoping for no sign of the Cadillac. He tried to focus on only the lane ahead and didn’t want to see that other car even if it happened to be right next to him. Once the bus was out of his sight, he eased off the gas a little and stuck to the right lane. He occasionally checked back at Charlotte, who hadn’t moved except for slight shifts from the rocking of the vehicle as it changed lanes and speeds.
You want BIG results and you want them now!
Mr. Brain
So as far as I can tell, there are two types of zombies:-
This is an excellent article by MP Tony Pua
1-- I couldn't get them to sit still long enough to trace a descent image. 2-- once I got it small enough to fit inside the frame I was afraid I'd loose the detail of the image to the saw blade, and 3--I'd already cut the frame out so enlarging it wasn't an option.
Says, “daddy please come play with me for awhile”
Gearbox
Ten days and nights, with sleepless eye,
Seeing all the fans giving us support so sincerely, I’m really happy :p
Daddy opened the curtains to let the sunlight in and Joshua and Owen woke up.
Woody Allen, Midnight in Paris
29. Favorite food?
When picking music to write to, I don't look for music that suits the mood of what I'm writing. I pick the music I most want to listen to at the time. Why? Because that makes me more reluctant to turn it off to, for example, watch frivolous videos on YouTube.
This can also be a great way to advertise your work. Moo do all sorts of other printing too.
His choice for breakfast this morning? “Give me Mexican comfort food,” he says. “Chilaquiles. Cooked in tomatillo sauce with a side of nopales and strong cup of Oaxacan coffee with a cinammon stick dipped in it.”
I am a born and raised resident of Brooklyn as I often state, I grew up blocks away from Franklin and three weeks ago as I walked through the area on a tree lined street, I was jumped by several guys.
Let’s face it, when we write romance we want our characters to have normal lives…or as normal as they can have. We want our readers to feel a connection with our heroine and hero. And to do that they have to have characteristics and traits and occupations just like most every normal person.
from the narrow winding stairs
1/2 basket of raspberries
‘And anytime you feel the pain, Hey Jude, refrain, don’t carry the world upon your shoulders’
Snatched from their cups by the wild south-westerly
this too shall pass. this too shall pass. this too shall pass.
If you are looking for a simple card that does not take long to make for the holiday this is technique works well. This technique was demonstrated by Jennifer McGuire for the Holiday Card Boot Camp 2011. I decided not to emboss the card as she did but used paper by Little Yellow Bicycle. Using a Spellbinder die I cut a circle through the DP and card stock. A tree was stamped using My Mind's Eye "Lost and Found Christmas Stamps". Happy Holiday is from the same set and stamped on a cream by Bazzil. The tree is attached to the stamped strip which is then attached to the card. Hero Arts gems were used on the tree and stamped strip. A small star brad was attached to the top of the tree. A very simple card. Hope you enjoy.
Do you and I understand each other a little better now?
Here is your very own image to click and save to your computer. Print it out, and have fun coloring, even if you can't come visit me!
Krusovice Imperial 12° Czech Republic, Bohemian Pilsener, 5%
They weren't clever.
And, my brother even came in from Boston. I think it may have been - a year and a half? Close to two? - since I saw him. He didn't bring my three nephews, of course, circumstances as it were, but it was still excellent to talk to him for a while.
Miriam was born in Venezuela, and moved to Boston as a child. She graduated Boston University with a BA in Romance Languages and Psychology, and received an MA in Experimental Psychology from the University of Virginia. She worked in hospital administration and research funding before joining the team of Creative Output, a a multinational software company as Vice President of Finance & Administration.
Company counters that it is simply lining up best mix of assets to serve customers
Luckily, Todd had his cell phone. I met them at the edge of the path. As Todd put the bikes in the back of the van, I tried to calm Sam down.
This is my second card for today. The dgi is by Krista Smith and is available at Saturated Canary. She's such a bright, fun character. I colored this with Copics. The papers are from my stash.
The weather may have been throwing its worst at us this week, but we don't mind, a pair of boots, a hat and we are still game to get out and about.
To encourage their dreams.
“You can talk about your Rocky Neds or that old Chainsaw bloke
Midnight on April 25th.
So remember--everyday in America either through our taxes we all pay for things we don;t use, and may never use. I am quite sure I will never be on welfare, but my taxes pay for it. I pay into Social Security, yet I am being told it will not be there for me to collect when I retire. Any insurance plan any of us pay for includes things we won;t use--I don;t plan on having a prostate exam and I for sure am not on anti depressants, I am never having children, yet I pay as part of premium for others maternity care. Stop complaining that in a very round about way you are paying to keep the women in your life healthy!
Seeing my son again was also fantastic and I don't have words to describe how wonderful it was to put him to bed and read a book with him (which is what we always use to do) and have him do the actual reading! Meant so much.
By Gary Andrew Poole / Las Vegas / TIME / Friday, Feb. 24, 2012
Meh. Back to work now -_-"
December 25, 2011 Sunday
bribe her to get her picture. I think they turned out so cute!
Durement en halt si recleimet sa culpe,
Do you just cry?
Barbara read this poem, Mummy of a Lady Named Jemutesonekh by Thomas James as an example of a combination of research and suggestion to produce an intriguing piece of writing.
-The Excessive Incentive Zoning Problem, In sensitive areas ensure that incentives have a cap. The converse issue is that ‘as of right’ FAR should not be set so high that incentives never kick in.
Cliff Martinez wins Best Score for an Action/Adventure/Thriller Film for Nicolas Winding Refn’s DRIVE. Best Score for a Comedy Film is given to THE RUM DIARY by Christopher Young. Michael Giacchino wins his 11th career award for JJ Abrams’ SUPER 8 in the Best Score for a Fantasy/Science Fiction/Horror Film category. Turkish composer Pinar Toprak wins Best Score for a Documentary Film for her score to THE WIND GODS.
13. Dawn Of An Era
Very few people knew what was going on, and I apologize to all of my wonderful friends, but we made a decision early on to keep all of the details private until we had answers. So private that my own mother, who I tell everything to, was just recently informed. To read about how it all went down you can go here!
In the dark, again.
Cook the pasta in heavily salted water according to the package directions. While the pasta is cooking start the sprouts.
Cowboy Jess and its sequel, Cowboy Jess Saddles Up, fit neatly between these two strands. Short books, aimed at a slightly younger age-group than the full length novels, and packed with what the children's book world calls 'boy appeal', they revisit the American west of Stop The Train in stories of almost mythic simplicity. The Wild West backdrop is sketched in convincingly, and the landscapes are wonderful, but historical accuracy isn't an issue here: this is the legendary West of John Ford movies and schoolyard games of cowboys and injuns: Cowboy Jess himself might as well be Theseus, or King Arthur. He is discovered on page one as a baby, curled up asleep in a coonskin hat between the wheel tracks where a wagon train has passed. His upbringing by the kindly folks of a newly-founded frontier town is dealt with briskly in the first few pages, and pretty soon he's old enough to sign on as a cowboy at the local ranch. The problems which face him are quickly overcome by bravery, good nature and quick thinking, and in the course of the first book he captures a horse thief, saves the stage-coach from bandits and befriends a Lakota girl, Sweet Rain.
They're having an open house this weekend and free yoga classes - a great opportunity to check out a new local business run by terrific people.
Oren Lyons, Faithkeeper of the Turtle Clan of the Onondaga Nation, and a Chief of the Onondaga Nation Council of Chiefs
05-16 Sydney, Australia – Hordern Pavilion
"From Sappho to Judy Chicago, from the late Egyptian era to Audrey Flack, this anthology of fine art reproductions and literary excerpts proclaims the strength and majesty of the feminine experience. The images and messages remind women of their spiritual heritage, their innate wisdom, the integrity of the female body and its rites of passage, and the growing global community of women who celebrate the return of a female deity." -- product descriptionEvery Last One ~ by Anna Quindlen, 2010
Which CL Financial companies listed Sam Lord’s Castle as an asset?
I grew up in Sea Point, a gorgeous suburb of Cape Town, one of the most beautiful cities in the world, in Apartheid South Africa. My entire community was white: my friends, my family, my teachers, and my neighborhood. Black and Brown people were those who served us. The closest person of color I knew as a child and teenager was Myrtle Cupido, the domestic worker in our home. The Black children I saw in my neighborhood wore tattered clothes, often had no shoes and called me “Baas” master, as did their parents. A brutal system of institutionalized racism divided us into Whites and Blacks, us and them, the privileged and the oppressed.
Live your life just like a purloined letter.
Despite this new evidence, Christine insists she’s a victim and Boyd sticks by her side. They maintain that Kevin forced her, off-camera, to pretend to like what was happening at risk of her life. And the high-end lawyer they’re able to afford actually seems to do a good job making this argument to the jury. Even still, he faces a lot of difficulty when Kevin accuses Christine of having had sex with yet another man from another delivery company.
- In International Falls, Minnesota, USA, it is against the law for a dog to chase a cat up a telegraph pole and dog owners can be fined for this.
falling down so we can crunch them
reach me
I would like to introduce you to one of my newest sponsors, Winterberry Cottage. It's a wonderful Etsy shop filled with all kinds of images printed on vintage dictionary pages (and other vintage books--even sheet music). If you're looking for a unique wall display, this is your one-stop shop. Best of all, it's extremely reasonably priced, in case you decide to do a large grouping.
ROYAL STAMP
The pieces I have selected are recent works. As you can see I use a lot of color (often unexpected combinations) and like to create small focal points within and surrounding each main piece. Each work has many stories for myself and also for the viewer. Most times our stories will be different – other times they remain just the same. We can make them up as we go and change them as often as we like. That is why I am so drawn to this type of work. The beauty is so deep, deeper than the eye can see.
I reach back to you
But for banks, it’s the opposite. Banks keep our money and pay US interest, instead of us paying them interest. A transaction at an equal cost to both businesses is a completely different animal. For a creditor, $6 in transaction fees opens them up to making business on you paying the interest on what you just bought. For a bank, $2.52 in transaction fees means they make no extra money. (They may save a miniscule amount of interest, but there’s no profit.)
This week's post marks the beginning of Tuesday Poem's third year. Zireaux is today's editor on the hub; welcome the ways in which he pushes the boundaries of what constitutes poetry. . . Zireaux has chosen a 'clip' - a conversation - between Australian TV favourites, Kath and Kim. He writes '. . . Ideas are not what poetry is about. Poetry is spoken music (some might say written music, but I'm less convinced of this, unless we equate
Centre-left PASOK which is founded in 1974 currently holds more seats in parliament than any other party.
The boys were taken to the Crisis Center, a kind of holding tank, for kids in the foster care system. That weekend, I talked to my boss and dear friend, Deb, who also does foster care (who is the closest person to Mother Teresa/sainthood that I know). I told her I was thinking about bringing the boys home. She didn't say I should, or I shouldn't. She just said, "Well you know I will be there if you decide to do it."
1 t black pepper
One-note Johnnies proliferate,
Tweet for Princes! To celebrate the publication of The Hero's Guide to Saving Your Kingdom by Christopher Healy, Walden Pond Press is giving away an e-reader of the winner's choice AND a selection of Princes Liam, Gustav, Frederic, and Duncan's favorite e-books! The winner may select
“Who’s Kym Humphries?” asked my husband.
We pass a child on the corner he knows
People also ask us if we will ever become a political party and the answer to that is, we don’t seek to become a political party, we support political parties who will deal with the threat of Islamism, our aim and focus is to put pressure on whatever government is in power to deal effectively with this cancer. For far too long this government has ignored its people, now its people demand to be heard in this bastion of democracy. Freedom of speech shall prevail, we will be supporting Geert Wilders on his visit to our country to show his film fitna after our government turned him away on the first attempt. Our government holds its people in contempt and we will not tolerate this any longer. Good governance is achieved by listening to the people and working for the people.
“It’s the main theme of all our films,” Jaoui says: “Can people change?” The answer? “Rarely, with difficulty, but yes,” she replies.
“But Peter and John answered and said unto them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye.”
To a bird in hot water, life is quite fowl
Off its foundation,
The question rests on balance: do you want your child socialized to the larger society or primarily to their peer group?
Put down the gun! I meant your words, those precious words you have slaved over for your novel.
Rue Oberkampf is what is known in French as a rue commercant ie: a street packed with grocers, bakers, butchers, patisseries, fishmongers, cheese shops, chocolatiers. It’s super convenient, with every delicious French foodstuff you can imagine at your feet – and makes for a colourful neighbourhood packed with all sorts of interesting characters. Not least among whom is Charlie – the local fishmonger.
Condition: Brand New- 10/10
Who else loves this time of year? Big gardening or landscaping plans in your future? Anyone else have a bucket system like this that they heart like crazy?
It’s hard to conjure up some new profound way of commenting on this issue — I’m so tired of it being an issue at all, and I suppose I’m lucky, because I see the truth so clearly. All I know is I want my friends to be good people, and when my friends fall in love, I want them to fall in love with other good people. How can you go wrong with two people in love? If a Good boy loves a good girl, good. If a good boy loves another good boy, good. And if a good girl loves the goodness in good boys and good girls, then all you have is more goodness, and goodness has nothing to do with sexual orientation. A person who loves is a righteous person, and if someone has the ability and desire to show love to another — to someone willing to receive it, then for goodness’ sake, let them do it. Hate has no place in the equation; there is no function for it to perform. Love is love, and there will never be too much.
My second resolution is an easy one. Im going to drink more...............
Once again, thanks for all your entries and congratulations to the winners!
“That, actually, might just work,” said Hermel tapping his chin with one finger. Lanna stared at him with her mouth open, and rolled her eyes.
....i am just getting back from a solo trip to amsterdam for work, so still recovering from that (what a beautiful city!) .....but definitely make one of these beer desserts for a grown up party....the cupcakes were good, but i have to say the blondies may be one of my favorite desserts to date!..thanks for stopping by and hope everyone has a super great week!
It’s harder to get there now, but I don’t know why they want to prevent us from going there as it is beautiful and even has an own chat channel. Hopefully they will fully develop the zone and put it to use in the game as they first intended.
1. Call me Ishmael. —Herman Melville, Moby-Dick (1851)
Up and down front. Broke out the Microspikes this morning for the first time this season as the trail has largely become frozen slush and packed snow. Quick descent, but the disappearing/consolidating snow means I might have to go back to hiking the downhills. Massage with Jeff Staron afterwards.
Standing at around 30cm in diameter and containing a staggering 40 slices of cheese, the burger poses a gut-busting challenge for even the hungriest of customers.
Here are a few pictures from the party:
About 6 months later, Cole write and draws a story called "War Over Iceland!," in which a comically nutty Nazi commander uses Doc Wackey's crazy invention, the "atom-reversing machine," to turn people into candy. He then licks the frozen, candied humans and delights in their taste. Cole plays it more for laughs than horror, but his story shows he beginning to sense the evil horror in the world. The Nazi's invasion of Iceland, of course, echos the real life invasion into Poland.
I just scored major books from the Barnes and Noble
Only time will tell how this proposed purchase unfolds. PETA would like for the bank to donate the premises, but are willing to pay a nominal sum. My worries for the neighborhood are based on some awareness of the groups overall philosophy. They don't even believe in killing vermin, to the extent they at times seem squeamish about the prospect of killing even head or body lice. I hope no one ever clues them in to the fact that microscopic bacteria and viruses are life-forms and thus technically "animals", but I'm sure its only a matter of time before they start picketing hospitals and doctor's offices.
This is one of those albums that creates its own little sound world, and a lot of its appeal has to do with qualities like texture and atmosphere. These are terms so overused in music writing that they’ve nearly lost their meaning, but here they’re important. Take for example the very tactile percussion of “Alphabet Song”. Snares and cymbals click-click-click like someone with long, fake fingernails tapping on a car window. Or go back to “Brains”, which does an excellent job of building tension and transferring energy with those outward-spinning guitars. For a while they kind of chime in place, but then right before the chorus hits, they step down an octave and there’s an exhale. The mood changes and takes you along with it.
to wonder at
of fulfillment.
Make a commitment to Jesus. You can’t follow Jesus halfheartedly; He asks you to either walk away from Him or commit to Him completely. Pray to begin an eternal relationship with Jesus by repenting of your sin and accepting His sacrifice for it on the cross. Make your relationship with Jesus your top priority in life. Devote more time and energy to growing closer to Jesus than you do to any other pursuit.
3. Combine 1 cup of flour with salt. Then add the bowl of wet ingredients to the dry. Add 1/2 cup at a time
Lord Falconer, of course, is perfectly free to set up an ad hoc committee to take evidence and make recommendations to Parliament. It is a free country and he has every right to try and influence public policy.
SHORT FICTION
The consequences of an EMP attack on the automobile and trucking infrastructures would differ for the first day or so and in the longer term. An EMP attack will certainly immediately disable a portion of the 130 million cars and 90 million trucks in operation in the United States. Vehicles disabled while operating on the road can be expected to cause accidents. With modern traffic patterns, even a very small number of disabled vehicles or accidents can cause debilitating traffic jams. Moreover, failure of electronically based traffic control signals will exacerbate traffic congestion in metropolitan areas.
Finally, I bought pink Camay, a favorite of my mum-in-law, who always seemed to have a bar with the Cameo lady in her soap dish. Lo and behold. No irritation. I felt like this was a message from her, from beyond, that she was taking care of me, looking out for me, post surgery from wherever her spirit flies. I was a year recovering and that is how long I used the Camay before I noticed I could tolerate other soaps.
On the planet Dulkis the Doctor defended the planet's pacifist population from the dreadful Dominators and their robot Quarks. In a departure from reality, the Doctor, Jamie and Zoe met a cadre of unlikely characters in the Land of Fiction.
Now…every good organization has goals and aspirations…
See for part 1 the previous post.
Further on there were more cows and a similar farmer, but this time he had the legendary ‘Big Dog’. Unlike the sheep and cattle dogs that we are used to, that are all bundles of energy and apply themselves to the task of moving livestock. These Portuguese dogs are there to guard against wolves and other dogs. Luckily, they appear to be as calm about touring cyclists as the rest of the dogs here.
The answer lies in the fact that this morally reprehensible, but lucrative trade in human flesh, stands to make crime syndicates, sex traffickers and corrupt officials millions of rands and underscores the point that legalised prostitution has nothing to do with the human rights of women and children - and all to do with the money it will generate for these human parasites.
You can download this cutting file here The instructions are below. Please remember, I love to share but I ask you link back to my blog here and please don't share this on other websites, sale it, or claim it as your own cutting file. After all of this serious stuff I want to add...ENJOY and HAVE FUN with it.
What is a First Impression?
Ultimately, the people of Malaysia – both living in the country and overseas – must step forward and show the world that a regime change was what they wanted. This then will be the final death knell and disgrace for UMNO – an end that it is unlikely to ever be able to recover from.
Technique: Dry Embossing, 2 Step Stampin'
I want you to cancel the idea that you are basically a good person, or that God saw something in you that could really be useful, or that He finally got you to start acting the way you ought to act so that He could save you. NO! Salvation – redemption – regeneration – justification – is of the LORD!
Greer continued to moan, his eyes wheeling about unfocused. Jacobs relief was short lived, something was wrong. Jacobs began checking Greer’s vitals. His color was off, his pupils were pinpricks, the whites grayish. Jacob try to get Greer to acknowledge him, but the man remained unresponsive. He just laid there rocking his head back and forth his jaw muscles opening and closing. Sometimes he would moan, sometimes it looked like he was silently screaming. Jacobs took his wrist between his fingers, frowning he pressed his finger tips against his carotid artery. He pulled his hand away like it was on fire, and quickly crabbed walked away in fear. He had no pulse, Jacobs watched him more fully now and realized that the yawning motions Greer was making with his mouth resembled a fish gasping for air. Panicked he scrambled to his feet and fled the apartment. He didn’t stop until he was on the sidewalk. He pressed his palms against his thighs and leaned forward gasping for breath. He should be doing something. What, what did he do? His stomach threatened to up heave.
Verbal masturbation, if you will.
Through Space, he expressed some embarrassment about the now obvious inaccuracy of his imagination: specifically he pointed out that the "starship" (the sphere) couldn't contain enough fuel to have such a huge
Game 2 of the OKC/Mav’s series just ended. In another nail bitter, right down to the wire finish, the Thunder came out with the win…again. The first one on a last second basket from the one and only Kevin Durant, the second win due in large part to foul shots by (who else?) Durant.
Carriers that are interested in the contracts see them as income products that advisors and clients can use for “time segmentation or bucketing,” he says. That refers to setting up buck-ets of money that make payouts over varying durations, such as years one to five, six to 10 and 11 to 20 of the client’s income plan.
I am sorry to say I have no clue.
Tuesday/Wednesday 6am – 6pm
One night I wandered into a group gathered in a college dorm and heard regular people sincerely telling how Jesus had changed their lives. Later the group joined hands in a large circle, pulled me in, and began to talk to Jesus one after the other.
Suspended cuffs at my wrists just a little tight
Mary Hooper is a very popular writer for children and young adults. Mary's brilliant historical novels, At the House of the Magician, By Royal Command, At the Sign of the Sugared Plum, Petals in the Ashes and The Extraordinary Life and Times of Eliza Rose have a huge fan base, as do her contemporary novels for teenagers. Mary is very much in demand for her events at literary festivals and schools. She lives in England.
She is tossed in a conflict between the two strong factions within Atlanta when her guardian dies. The Masters of the Dead, necromancers who can control vampires, and the Pack, a paramilitary clan of shapechangers, blame each other for a series of bizarre killings. I enjoyed Ilona Andrews take on vampire lore. Her vampires were not the traditional sexy, glamorous creatures, but grotesque, disgusting, misshapen creatures. This allowed to develop a world of her own which was not usual.
(He was touching the furniture and the paper and blowing his virus across the room.)
Be still and listen. Observe and interpret. Abolish, diminish, expel fear and embrace love. There is no need to second guess, trust and you will always do the right thing. Support is abundant, just ask because it can come to you from many angles.
I had really wanted to have it outside, but it was quite hot and we'd had a busy day - so on the porch seemed a good compromise (and fans were available!)
AMAA 2011 PRIZE FOR BEST FILM
We haven't gone to Honeyman in years. i think the last time we went was on a campout with the single's Ward before we got married. That was the night that Brian and his buddies got lost on the dunes with only an LED light to lead them back to HWY 101 while I sat back at the campground wondering where the heck they could have gone.
The following Friday, at work, I was grabbing a tea bag out of a box when a little figure tumbled into view. This is one of those tea boxes that sometimes includes little porcelain figures. This particular tea box was given to me by a coworker maybe a year ago and I never noticed that a figure was enclosed. I picked it up. It was a little brown cat. Upon closer examination of the tea box, I saw that there were a total of ten possible figures that could be enclosed. Of those ten, two were cats–the other being a figure of two kittens. So that is a 20 percent chance of getting a cat, and a 10 percent change of getting the solitary cat. I don’t know what the odds are of my co-worker not finding the figure herself or me not finding it earlier. Make of it what you will, but I took that as a very good sign. Also, the mirror I ordered from Gargoyles came in on Tuesday, and I plan to present it to La Sirene this weekend, along with a pipe that I have for Legba. I will give the little cat to Puck. I also will be setting up a Ghede shrine soon, simply because I am fond of them.
I heard the story about a guy who joined a Tibetan monastery. For three years he was given a probation period where he was not to speak a word until the end of year when he was reviewed and was allowed only two words. The first year at the end he said, “Bed hard.” At end of the second year he said, “Food cold.” At the end of the third year he’s about had it. He comes in and says, “I quit!”
But back to Whitman’s America. What a robust, finely drawn contemplation! What a blessing he made:
The conference registration fee is payable directly to the A & E Conference and it is in addition to the hotel costs.
How many times have we heard that allowing the massive and intrusive BHAFC development in our Gap will put Lancing on the map? Unfortunately it will, but for the wrong reasons! Have any of the Parish and District councillors really thought things through?
So instead of slipping into a tryptophan coma, I spent the evening scouring sale ads and planning out my course of action.
Hugging the rock wall, we followed the path back to the top as quickly as that path would allow. By this time, we could feel our skin starting to tingle from the electrically charged air. Once we were safely ensconced in the car, we sat in silence and watched as, all across the distant mesa, deep pink lightning flashed again and again and again, against the darkening sky.
The cats kept a careful eye on the work. This was both a scary and funny point in the project. Having your house opened up to the elements for several days left me feeling very vulnerable. At the same time, people would walk by and ask "Do you live in there?" to which I would look at them like they were crazy and ask "Yeah, why?"
Its something that has to be done.
Dr Sen has been recognized with international awards for his work with tribals in the Chattisgarh area. He has been praised for his commitment to promoting public health and human rights in one of India’s most impoverished areas.
Alone are my salvation,
I don’t think I can properly talk about this so long as I don’t go into each tier of championship. For the WWE, you have the top tier (WWE, World Heavyweight), you have the secondary tier (United States, Intercontinental), the divisional/brand exclusive tier (Divas, Tag) and the discontinued tier (European, Hardcore, Light Heavyweight, Cruiserweight, etc.) and you may be surprised to find out* that the discontinued tier was the best defined championship branding.
Keen observers will notice that the modest slit on the back of his subject's off-white dress would reveal the back of one of her knees with each womanly step. Turning into a sort of back of the knee peepshow for anybody lucky enough to be walking behind her, Jake drinks in each sway of her hips like he were a booze-starved alcoholic.
Salty uncontrollable tears
And this is what I came up with:
Well ... I'm going to stop blogging so I can go and work on Mandy's Miracle!
Everyone knew the Giants were going to do something for their defense. They can’t leave them hanging. Kuhn is originally from Germany and still has a lot to learn about the game. The Giants already have tackles which will make Kuhn have to fight for a starting spot on the team. It does not seem likely he will get it, but he does provide depth and a big body willing to work.
I haven't done anything in a purple. I am actually not a purple person. You know some of you have told me you are red people. Well purple just doesn't do it for me.
In addition to putting emphasis on strong IPR protection (which has been sought more by EU than by the CA negotiators), the agreement also contains provisions specifically meeting the needs of CA countries. The text thus reflects the compromise reached between EU and CA negotiators.
Then I sponged the edges of the white CS with Early Espresso ink and attached it to a rectangle of Marina Mist CS and attached 2 brown metal SU! brads. While I used Cherry Cobbler CS for the card base, I added a second layer with some SU! DSP from their FrostWood Lodge collection after mounting some Early Espresso quilted ribbon across it. I also cut out a white shimmer paper snowflake and added a light blue snowflake brad to tie it all together. (The white shimmer paper is from Doodlebug Designs and I have NO IDEA where I got the blue snowflake brad! Sorry!!!
And your purple shows your path;
Paul: That’s right, Timothy. Thinking and asking questions are the only ways you will ever understand what I want to communicate in my letters. Either you will do it poorly, or you will do it well. So do not be a child in your thinking. Be a babe in evil, but in thinking be mature (1 Corinthians 14:20). As the Master said, ‘wise as serpents and innocent as doves’ (Matthew 10:16).
La Revista Della Televisione con Vinny Vedecci
2) The Divinity of Christ. Oprah claims that she is a Christian, but only in the sense that Jesus was a great teacher who came to show us how to do things to bring us that inner transformation. Jesus didn’t really leave room for such a bogus stance. He claimed to be God. He called himself “I AM” (the name God gave to the Israelites as God’s unique name), he referred to himself as the Son of Man (a divine image from Daniel), and he kept claiming that he and the Father were one. In C.S. Lewis’s famous “trilemma” from Mere Christianity, Lewis states that Jesus’s teachings make him one of three things: a liar, a lunatic, or Lord. Either he knew the things he said were false and was lying, he didn’t know the teachings were false and was therefore a lunatic, or the teachings were true and he is therefore Lord. There is no room for Jesus to just be a “great teacher.”
Most Christians who study Bible prophecy agree that the first 69 weeks of this prophecy was fulfilled over a several-hundred year period with a call to rebuild Jerusalem in the 20th year of Artaxerxes Longimanus’s reign (Nehemiah Ch. 2:1-5) and the death and ascension of Christ. Therefore, Gabriel did not mean 70 literal weeks where each week is 7 days in length. The Hebrew translation of the word “week” in Daniel is shâbûa‛, which actually means “seven”. Therefore we can also refer to Daniel’s prophecy as “the 70 sevens”.
Solution: The Cheese Stands Alone
Some will ask for souvenir
I'll be transferring it to secondary carbonation this afternoon. I should have performed this yesterday, but was a little tired from working (on a Sunday), damnit!
2012 Chevy Camaro
CLEAR VELLUM ENVELOPES: Paper and More
“That’s an office cubicle. Believe it or not, people actually liked working in those.”
On Sunday, April 14, Titanic wireless operators Jack Phillips and Harold Bride received six ice warnings from surrounding vessels. Five of these were received by Captain Smith, who did not seem overly concerned. As night fell, he ordered an iceberg watch, and, after attending a dinner held in his honor by the Wideners, he retired to his cabin at 9:30 PM, after checking in with 2nd Officer Lightoller. Both men remarked on how calm the sea was, and Lightoller pointed out that if the earlier breeze had persisted icebergs would be easier to see, as the water would be lapping against their bases.
Blush - KORRES 'Orange'
Chris and I painted a bathroom one night this weekend. It's the only room we've never painted since we moved here five years ago!!! My sister, mom and I painted the girls' room last week. I should say, we painted it back to how it was two years ago... exactly the same way. We girls like pink in the Green household! :)
a-sailin' sailin'
This is not a diet and I am not fat. This is a complete lifestyle overhaul. I recently turned 25 and have decided that since my life hasn’t gone as planned it’s time to step it up. For the past 6 years I have taken a backseat in navigating my life and it’s completely blown up in my face. It’s time for me to take the wheel and take control. From now on I’m doing what I want to do and what’s good for me. I’m not second best and I deserve so much more from myself. I’m out to prove that I can take care of myself and put my needs and wants first. The first step to that is taking care of my physical and mental health.
So, I’m a fighter, which is a decent quality. And I’ve got this really great YES team. I find these two things are very necessary components when going after the truly and ridiculously difficult artistic pursuits I’m after. Forget artistic pursuits, these are some of the necessary qualities to cut through the bullsh*t of life in its entirety.
This is Allan Borne adding another blog into the world. This is practically my first blog, so my first few posts might be clumsy. Hope I can find some way to take care of that. My topics are practically anything and everything under the sun, particularly those things that make you pause and want to take a second glance at. Some of them you might even relate to, some you might laugh at or make you think deep. In any case, I just hope that whatever I write here would help us find some meaning in a world of facts.
5) The thoughtful gift - nothing beats a gift with that person in mind, purchasing your loved one’s favourite DVD, CD or book will mean more to them than giving them an expensive, complicated appliance (that they’ll probably never use!). Or how about enlarging and framing a favourite photograph of the two of you. It’s all about the care and thought behind the gift!
You know what that means? Correctamundo! It means they must really, really love press releases… and they definitely want to receive yours.
Let's start the outboard motor-oh!
The mixture was tipped BACK into the mixing bowl and the sugar added. Still determined to Do It Right I cleaned the remnants of unsugary mixture out in lashings of hot water (even used my rubber gloves).......dried it, rebuttered, relined and tipped the mixture once again into the cake tin. By this time I was feeling less charitably inclined towards the state of Grown Upineness.
an album! It's simple, it's fun and most
Also, flights out of Portland that connect to other, larger airports tend to leave early in the morning. Really early! In this instance, oh-dark-hundred translates to 5:30 a.m. Yesterday we left Tosca at the vet, where she will be boarded for the duration. Those of us who pay her bill think of it as the cat spa. I suspect, however, that she thinks of as her jail. They don’t spoil her to the degree that we do. Tosca taken care of, we headed south via a last-minute stop at LL Beans to Portland. Many of the motels around the airport offer a park-and-sleep package for less cost that we would pay to park at the airport for the two plus weeks of our trip. So we answered the Clarion motel’s call, ate an early supper, and each took a melatonin pill, which is supposed to induce sleep. It worked — we were both asleep before 7:30 p.m. — but whether that was the melatonin or all the activity surrounding getting us out of the office and away from Rotary paperwork and on the road for two weeks I cannot say.
Electrical Unit
I love her characters, Abby and Aiden are my favorites. I love how Aiden can simply charm you and I love how prickly Abby is and how she picks at Finn. The relationships are endearing, and you love these characters.
So I was sitting at my dining room table, eating supper, watching the killer tornado pass through Tuscaloosa via a television signal. I can’t say that I’ve ever experienced anything like that in my lifetime. I was sitting at my table watching a tornado kill people and destroy millions of dollars in property.
If you want to leave a legacy behind, or make a difference in the world, you had better start now. We only have one shot here on earth, and in the game of life, there are no re-dos and no second chances. Yes, we will make mistakes and we will make them quite often, but this is the real deal. When people look back on your life after you pass away, no one will remember how big your flatscreen T.V. was, how many features your new car had, or how extravagent your house was. All of those “things” will be insignificant because people will only remember you for what you leave behind (and no, not the materialistic things you pass on to others).
Being the literary genius that I am, I get on a regular occasion at least two people every three or four years asking me if I have written my novel yet. So due to this unprecedented public demand, I have decided to give the followers of this blog something back as a thank you for all the support and love I have received from you all since I started it.
This conversation did not go well.
Not only are they both adorable, loving and sweet towards me and E, but they really like people in general and other dogs. We really won the pet lottery when it comes to pups with personality. You'll often find us walking the streets of Kenmore and Fenway and they've developed a fan base. Sometimes when we're walking, people we don't even know will come up and say hello to them by name.
(Book 14, 2012)
Feel free to use one decimal point in the process. (1.0 up to 5.0, with 2.5 being the absolute in between of sanity and insanity.)
You can also brush it with more olive oil when it has finished cooking to give it a nice shine. Leave to cool on a wire rack. If you can bear to wait, that is…
And children are reading, are reflecting their interest in story and story-making (ShoutAbout! online creative writing magazine very recently launched by CWISL – Children’s Writers and Illustrators in South London, has had a steady building of young visitors to the site and submission of new work by them.) And that’s one initiative among many providing evidence that kids are interested in story, in creativity, in story-making – a powerful route to literacy, and reading.
I LOVE the title of the latest post...Your Children Want YOU. So True.
2 – It seems, for now, you can send emails from either site, but you should probably stick to sending them from the new one.
Measure all of the ingredients into a microwave-safe bowl and stir just until combined. Microwave on high for 1-2 minutes, or until desired consistency. Top with more pecans and dried cranberries, if desired. Serve immediately.
“Why don’t we go over to my place. I’ll introduce you to some good music.” Carmen said with a pinch of smug punk pride.
The group didn’t address the audience too much, and save for a striking arrangement of incandescent light bulbs set up at each mic, no bells and whistles adorned the performance. It’s all about the music with Blonde Redhead, something much appreciated by the sold-out house. Mid-set, one audience member waited for the perfect moment of silence to cry out, “You guys know you’re legends, right!” Usually fan gushing leaves me queasy, but in this case I found myself in enthusiastic in agreement. Über-fan’s outburst was met with a slow-creeping sheepish grin from Kazu before the group continued to impress the house, closing out the set with fire-paced rocker “23.” They returned to quell the still-ravenous audience with a three-song encore. Simone shined with his penetrating drumming on the decade-old tune “Melody of Certain Three,” followed by one of the band’s most pleasantly poppy tunes, “Silently” from 23. Finally, slowing things down just as they started, the band took their final bow of the evening with “Penny Sparkle.”
I just wanted a tank of gas. That’s all.
PROGRESS TOWARD NFC-EMV
Just recently, Cole was spending the weekend at our house and needed a haircut. We got out the trimmers, the little stool, a bath towel, and a clothes pin. Once he was settled and ready to go, Papaw turned on the clippers. Hair began to fall on the towel that was draped over Cole’s little body, with a few wispy pieces tickling his face along the way. He started to get antsy, so I grabbed my iPhone for a much-needed distraction. Knowing that our grandson loves to watch himself on videos, I quickly flipped the switch and began to catch his little antics as he sat there squirming. Mimi got an idea and asked Cole to sing his ABCs … then to count. This ploy was a great success as his busy little mind was diverted away from having to sit still and instead to enjoy singing and performing for the video camera. Needless to say, he has pulled up this clip and sang along with himself many times. You also can click below and sing and count along with Cole.
I really do not understand the inconsistency shown by the UK government with regard to the illegal demonstrations and arson which are regretably currently a feature of life in Egypt.
All in all a very interesting beer. And very good. Seems to be a bit more of a stout than a porter though.
Gwen Buchanan I would say my artistic style is experimental, primitive, intuitive, and instinctual.
again £7937
I know this isn't an original idea- but almost all the lists I found had holiday activities included, and I wanted one that was just for winter. So, here you go. Simply click on the image below and save it to your computer to print. It looks great up to an 8x10, but I printed mine as a 5x7 to fit on the clipboard.
Very original villages are situated on the Iza, forming a true open air museum. Unique in the world is the Merry Cemetery in Sapanta village. The idea belonged craftsman Stan Patras and dates from 1935. Crosses engraved and colored by Stan Patras and his apprentices caricature presents both good habits and the bad of the dead visited every year by tens of thousands of tourists, Sapanta cemetery over the years has become a center of Ethnography and Folklore, held a group of villagers who maintain ancestral traditions.
We are rational and calm beings. We strive to avoid the tangled emotions of humanity, preferring the role of passionless observers. To be sure, there is an element of discomfort in Shadowing a dead subject before burial or cremation. Without the mercy of prompt disposal rites, the Kyrian must sometimes Reflect, should the Dimensions be touching at the time, decay in itself until the release brought by fire or earth, or the peaceful surrender to water. We do not mind water. It is the quietest end; fittingly circular.
Character Who Should DIAF This Week
Forrest Gump (1994)
Then send it. You might want to send it Priority Mail, which includes an envelope and isn't very expensive. I'd suggest paying the few extra cents to add on "tracking" so you will know for sure when your document is received.
Left my man standing with an egg moustache
I feel like saying 'yo', so here I go; Yo! How are you doing today? I'm exhausted and I feel like it's Thursday... How can a day feel like a specific day?
The electronic signs failed miserably to deliver any pertinent and useful information. Was it just stupid and tired me, no way, there was a plethora of dazed and confused passengers criss-crossing the terminals just like me in search of salvation, or else they would settle for a trip home.
And now onto what I have been working on (besides my collage piece)...
Bake in preheated 350 degree (F) oven and bake for 8-10 minutes. (mine took about 11 minutes)
The government is planning to implement this programme with virtually no preparation for anyone. People will be "paid" to have strangers in their house - that, it seems, is sufficient preparation. Nobody appears to have given any thought to the potential for conflict, the legal responsibilities or whether this is actually safe.
The DH is already home and his surgery went fine. The surgeon said the mass was starting to invade the brain and was very vascular. Because of the invasion, the surgeon could not take much of the brain tissue without risk of causing some injury. He got what he could but now DH will have to have an MRI in three months. If it looks like it is starting to grow back then he will have a few radiation treatments and that should be it. The mass was not cancerous but when they grow they cause pressure on the brain that creats unwanted side affects.
These also can be used to make sandwiches, or filled with a filling of your choice, rolled and covered in a sauce then baked as a casserole.
resolved to rout
The Barnes & Noble reader is just told that this book is for ages 12 and up according to CommonSenseMedia. (For the record? I've given it to my 9 year old niece, who will read it if and when she gets through all the Warrior books). If the parent clicks "more" they will get the reasons for the 12 plus rating. Barnes & Noble gives the publisher age range (ironically, ages 9 to 12, which I agree with). If the parent reads to Editorial Reviews (but why should they, when they aren't highlighted as CommonSenseMedia does?), they get a variety of ages: ten and up from Publishers Weekly; grades 5 to 8 from School Library Journal; ages ten to fourteen from Kirkus.
But there’s no standard out there by which all teachers must measure up. A quick survey in class last week among the fellows found schools where the expectations ranged from strict and inflexible to almost lackadaisical in their approach. Every question on a homework assignment might be checked for accuracy or just skimmed to see whether it was completed. Missing work might be a zero — or not count at all toward the class grade.
If you have imagined the scene, I regret I am now going to make it even more difficult for you, because I want you to imagine that this little boy is your own child, and that you were forced to watch him die. Worse than that, you did not just watch him die, you saw him roughly manhandled and mocked as the rope was placed round his neck, and as you watched, his boyish pride crumbled and you heard the child you had loved and nurtured cry out in terror and pain, whilst he called to you, his protector, for the help which you could not give. Then you saw him die, but die slowly, struggling, choking and gasping at the end of a rope, whilst his killers laughed at his pain, and at your distress. And, as you watched this scene from Hell, your only comfort was the knowledge that soon you too would be dispatched, albeit in an even more terrible manner.
Sometimes I forget who I am. I forget that I learn quickly and hate it when people talk loudly in the morning. I forget that I forget to go to bed. I forget that I love reading about history and looking at art. Sometimes, when I’ve been insanely stressed for weeks at a time, it’s because I have forgotten to remember what I like.
And now for the much-anticipated results: my scan looked good! My thyroglobulin level was 1.1 (0 = no evidence of cancer), but since it's headed in the right direction and the radiation takes a full six months to work we are hoping that in three months from now it will be 0! It is such a relief to at last have some good news. My doctor was shocked by how good the results were this soon, and I honestly believe that my focus on diet and healing has a lot to do with the impressive amount of cancer fighting that has occurred in my body.
And sometimes--maybe more often than we'd like to admit--those ideas go bad.
2 1/2 cups all purpose flour
The zealots apparently believe that if they just give enough money to their well-connected friends who are involved with “renewable energy” that the industry will somehow take off. If they just ban enough of our cheap, abundant resources, then people will be forced to use “renewable energy,” and if they switch us all to electric cars — oh wait, the electricity for our electric cars is produced by coal-fired or gas-fired plants. Well, they’ll force us all onto light rail and high-speed trains — oh wait… You will notice if you are paying close attention that the term “renewable energy” has dropped from favor, and been replaced by “clean energy”— the “renewable” bit only worked when we were running out of fossil fuels. Now that they are truly plentiful, they have to come up with another tactic. Just imagine if we eliminated coal and eliminated natural gas! Basic, elementary common sense and logic fail. Besides that, remember than wind and solar require 24/7 backup from regular coal or gas-fired power plants. How is this possibly supposed to work? Are they zealots, dimwits or useful idiots?
The other thing that black racists do when a white gets suckerpunched and attacked by other racist, cowardly blacks is say, “He deserved it.”
Carrot - 2 cups diced
“We met at a Canadian music festival we were both playing at,” Martina explains “…and then we screwed.”“And then I left my girlfriend.” states Dan.
Australia’s lone presence in the feature documentary strand at Raindance 2011 is Phoebe Hart’s deeply personal hour-long doc Orchids – My Intersex Adventure, a road-trip of self-discovery in which Hart questions her own family and seeks answers as to how others confronted their own intersexuality. Following its sellout premiere at the Brisbane International Film Festival in 2010, the film has toured festivals in Australasia and North America and will make its European debut at Raindance on October 8.
To give you some perspective, you need to know where the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center are. As you can tell from the Google satellite map below, the convention centre is surrounded by mostly empty grey space. It is in the middle of an industrial area with some hotels.
i'm back... and so very happy to say that i survived the 12 hour drives to and from NY! i must admit it was a bit uncomfortable at times, being 34 weeks pregnant and all, but i'm so glad that i got to spend the holiday with my family. next time i see my brother and sister, i'll be a momma! such a surreal thing to think about, but so so very exciting too. it really is the home stretch now!
Fourth, handle your antique arm chair gently. Because it’s an antique, chances are, no replacement parts are available. If an inlay gets loose, keep it in a safe place until somebody, an expert on fixing antique furniture, comes. Do not attempt to do the reworking yourself if you have no idea how. With antique furniture, ‘winging it’ will not cut it.
It's been a absolute continued time aback I've acquaint regularly, and for the three or four of you who analysis regularly, I'm sorry. A lot of accepting in my claimed action has fabricated it difficult to apply on non-essentials. It has been difficult abundant award time to absorb with my wife and friends. I accept blogs already written, it's just a bulk of award the time and appetite to type, edit, and column them. My Beatles Bedrock Bandage analysis is continued overdue. But I do accept some acceptable news… and no, it has annihilation to do with extenuative money on my car insurance.
Now some six months later the Haynes Red Bull Racing F1 Car Owners Workshop Manual (RB6 2010) has been published. As its rare a Technical F1 book is published, not least one with insight into such a current car, I’ve decided to review the book in detail.
The layoffs don’t become effective Oct. 1, 2011, but the Office of Employee Wellness has created a site on the Internet, as well as the Intranet, to provide staff with information about layoff plans, resources, services, seminars and an explanation of and answers to frequently asked questions about the SROA process. The site will be updated routinely throughout the layoff process.
Then, in a snap, he looks like dinner
protected by shelter,
What a simple, yet unbelievable, idea! Ornaments came pouring in from across the country, state and town. Each person attached a personal note to each ornament honoring Molly and their friendship. The evening before Molly’s birthday, as soon as she left for the evening, the tree went up and a group of us got together to trim the tree. As soon as Molly returned home, her group of girlfriends (and some spouses) descended upon her to surprise her for her birthday. At midnight, the corks were popping, and we toasted our dear friend and wished her the happiest of birthdays!!
There are feminists who argue that pornography is not always oppressive, but maybe a mechanism for women to explore their sexuality Yet that argument does not account for how the pornographic industry (and media in this example) is ultimately socially and economically exploitative for women. Individual women may be making conscious and free decisions within the industry, and that's fine. Kudos to them for making radical interventions.
As I mentioned, baby #5, Talitha, is scheduled to make her appearance in 7 days. We had a few hours of contractions just a couple days ago, so we’ll see if she holds out that long. A few weeks ago, we spent several days deep cleaning the house – knocking down cobwebs, moving all the furniture, wiping the walls, dusting everything. It was wonderful. I’m always amazed at how a good cleaning can make a house sparkle. And now it’s all ready to be decorated for Christmas. Thankfully, I had the forethought to get all that cleaning done before time to decorate with a new baby in tow.
49 40 29.53 N, 36 17 31.29
and I also had a great run with my GARMIN!!
Add the Xagave to a pan and start stirring it under medium heat. Nonstick pan works best here for the contents to slide on to a plate without sticking. Once the Xagave starts bubbling, add the cardamom powder and salt and mix well. Then add the peanuts slowly and keep stirring continuously under low flame to prevent clump formation. The mixture will thicken gradually. Pour the contents over a plate smeared with oil or ghee and spread it evenly and let it cool. Once cooled, cut the chicks into small pieces and enjoy.
I say, ‘Hey, how about this. We stick all the scumbags on an island, say Inishbofin, all the paedophiles and bankers and Real IRA fuckers.’
I came away from the evening with a tingle of anticipation for the future. The way forward with ereaders still exists in the minds of boffins but it’s going to be developed and soon and I’ve no idea in what way. How exciting is that!
You get the point.
Ok so what makes these muffins better than average you ask? I think the secret to these muffins really is in the greek yogurt. Not only does it add protein and calcium to the muffins, but it makes them super moist and really taste like bananas. There is nothing worse than a banana muffin where you can barely taste the banana. Also, using canola oil rather than vegetable oil helps add heart healthy fat and tastes exactly the same. See the link below for more about the health benefits of canola oil. If you wanted to make them a little healthier you could also add 2 tbsp. of ground flaxseed. I usually do this, but totally forgot when making this recipe because I was so excited to see how the greek yogurt would work. Also, if you have never tried whole wheat pastry flour you are missing out. It has all the health benefits of whole wheat flour, but since it is made from “soft” wheat it bakes up very light and fluffy. Hope you enjoy this recipe and happy baking!
Just so you know, I only had gargantuous tortillas to use, so these proportions may not look the same as yours.
DO NOT select anything in the boxes to the left, labelled Before or After. These need to be left at 0pt. (I've explained why in last week's post - I'll Put That Bit There ... Part 2)
Shenaz Wahid
DAVID #2: This is ridiculous.
And have you heard that Belles `n Whistles stamps are now sparkling clear! Designed by artist Elisabeth Bell, they are the finest of sparkling clear, genuine photopolymer stamps around, made in the U.S.! Ready to use with an acrylic block, stamping couldn't be any simpler! These sparkling clear stamps allow for effortless placement on craft projects, easy clean up and compact storage too! Stamping clearly has never been so sweet! You are sure to love your new sparkling clear Belles `n Whistles stamps!
Noteworthy: Wondering if this guy all of a sudden forgot how to pitch...7 starts in he has an ERA near 6! and a WHIP over 1.5....I imagine there's some Dodger fans out there happy about that...
Based near Dorchester in Dorset, Kay Birchenhough, 64, bred Giles Cross and races him with two friends, Canada resident Jane Addison, 72, and Sally Weld, 70, from Dorset. Mrs Birchenhough and husband Tony used to be in the agricultural industry, supplying machinery to most of Dorset’s farmers, and now have 60 acres for two broodmares and their youngstock. Horsepower of various sorts has been a family motif; during the 1970s Tony drove the Le Mans 24-Hour race eight times, winning the class for two-litre sports cars on three occasions. Mrs Birchenhough’s first horse was Crumpet Delite, who graduated from point-to-points to join Jenny Pitman, for whom he won at Listed level. Giles Cross will be Mrs Birchenhough’s first Grand National runner but there are Aintree connections. A part-owner of the 1969 Grand National winner Highland Wedding was John Addison, father of Jane Addison, and both Giles Cross and Highland Wedding won the same maiden point- to-point at the Portman meeting early in their careers. Jane Addison will be flying in from Canada for the race but Sally Weld, after back surgery, will be watching from a Dorchester hospital bed. John Smith’s Grand National record: no previous runners.
w - wishes
* When you drive at night, you are almost too occupied with finding glowing eyes on the road side.
Music by Harry Woods
Mini Hugs to you all! :) x
CHiRP interns are expected to spend an average of 10 hours/week depending on scheduling of assignments with the SMarT Leader. The hours may be distributed over a period of two days (either two weekdays, or one weekday and one day on the weekend). The position is volunteer and therefore, unpaid, although university credit can be arranged. The minimum time commitment for each intern is 3 months (due to training requirements and consistency).
And I will always remember that day. It was a treasure.
5. In a separate bowl, quickly whip the egg whites until light, soft peaks.
That is why God’s fearsomeness is not a contradiction of his love. Instead, it is a wonderful expression of his love because it motivates us to know him more.
Austin – Charlotte
Today is the 4th, so I will list days 1-4:
I reviewed Death of a Superhero and Rubberneck for Slant Magazine, wrote a bit about Cut in a recent blog post, and will try to say something about The Fourth Dimension and Jackpot in an upcoming post. So watch this space, as the young kids say...
Alice Cooper Poison US
What will I add to my life? What will I let go of?
She said: "That was weird. What was it about?"
I toadily frog-got to share this watercoloured creation with you - hee hee :)
When you focus (and you are enjoying what you're doing), you slip into a place that professional athletes call "the zone." That's the place where the hoop seems lower, and you're making baskets.
There’s a certain prestige in being in the top 25. It’s a desirable place for wooing advertisers, or at least, it has been in the past.
Meet the people who I was with..
Well, I'm not sure why I bought this. I had never seen it before, and the notion of "Beck" and "dark" seemed so contrary that I was just plain intrigued.
for every second distant spent
Tonight is the night for bigger beers, I guess. Plus, this is a new(ish) arrival at my Spec's, so I had to get it.
