Level 3: Damage: +3%, Critical Rate: +3%.
Between organising functions and work, I packed one or two suitcases and a few personal things. In the meantime lots and lots of text messages between us also kept me busy.
But it‘s sad to say good-bye.
I love reading your comments, please take a minute and let me know what you think. Don't forget to leave a way for me to get in touch with you as I will be giving a gift away as well. I will be combining all the comments from yesterday and today to randomly pick a winner. Your next stop is the very talented Carol.
Sorry for my absence! We are all moved and mostly settled into our new house. Still some boxes to unpack, as well as decorating left to do, but we are comfortable. It's been a great change for our family. The kids can go out and play without having to worry about traffic. Plus, there are three girls Hailey's age just down the street. Chris and I are loving having a newer home and enjoying the small things that come along with it! Never once have we thought we made the wrong decison.
Most of all you are loved. You are so loved. You sometimes don't feel it. You sometimes feel that nobody loves you but you are indeed very loved. How can someone as incredible as you not be loved. It's not because of who you are or what you have or your job or friends or the way you dress. You are loved because you are just awesomesauce and potato chips!
I want to thank everyone who drops by my blog and takes the time to leave me comments.
The motherless child was weary and weak
Adokshiny seem to be somewhat of a conundrum. I was ‘reliably’informed they were from Korea. But someone else then told me they were Malaysian with a Korean vocalist. Today I was further informed, by a Malaysian, that this was not so, and the growler was in fact Malaysian too.
nose and all, safe
Saturation : +2
*) Forward plans to dig up portions of an historic London cemetery to make space for a "multi-faith" graveyard.
I put the sweet gifts on the dining room table. See that beautiful table runner? It was my Christmas gift from #1. She first saw the idea in a magazine and then again on pinterest. She said it took quite awhile to find all the doilies, who'd a thought? Some are new, but most of them are quite old, I love them all. She embroidered the little heart in the 1st pic.
“Maybe someone stole it and buried it there and then drowned in the pond!”
So here I am - confused by all the options, forcing myself to remember the mobile is for BABY and not for ME and that no degree of cuteness will even remotely matter if I have a screaming child to deal with.
Then I felt frustrated as women often do when they read about the seemingly perfect woman presented in Proverbs 31. She was the June Cleaver of Solomon’s time, so it seems. For a moment, seeing her as a first lady made her seem even more out of reach. However, another thought hit me. Every woman is a first lady to the Lord. He created us in his image—“male and female, he created them,” as it says in Genesis 1. Nothing can separate us from his love. An Almighty God knit us together in our mother’s womb. His love is immeasurable. Our value comes from Him. And because he loves us, he has made us first ladies to others—to a husband, children, parents, neighbors, coworkers, bosses, employees, and so on. We are first ladies of influence to the people God has placed in our lives.
Lost in Italy by Stacey Joy Netzel
The new show – reportedly called The Kumars at No 42B – sees the family forced by the recession to share a flat in Hounslow, west London.
We have struggled with Braden and his grades this year. He is a brainiac in math but he was really struggling the first half of the year. He was slacking on assignments and making poor grades. His phone was taken multiple times, brought me to tears and caused a meeting with the principal. I am happy to report that he decided all on his own this past 9 weeks that he was going to get his work done...and he did! He did not miss one assignment and this was all on his own. I am so proud that he made a needed adjustment and took responsibility for his grades.
I found myself surrounded by poverty while in Israel. I didn't have to look for it; it was just there. I saw the settlements and the half-built houses without windows. I saw the dirt, the garbage, the people walking along the side of the road without shoes hoping to sell enough fruit to take care of their families. I saw the outskirts of cities like Tel Aviv and Jerusalem where no one can afford to pay rent and must share cramped apartments. I saw the Bedouin communities where families live in makeshift shelters consisting entirely of sheets of tin.
Despite what the media reports, nothing has changed. God is still God. He is still on His throne and has everything under control. There is nothing too difficult for Him. “Behold, I am the Lord, the God of all flesh. Is there anything too hard for me?” (Jer. 32:27).
It's so nice to be able to blog again. Last Thursday morning we lost power. We had 13" of snow, then rain came and froze on the snow breaking limbs off trees and power lines came down. We have a generator built into our house, so we were pretty comfortable during the power outage, even though the world around us was not normal. We got power Monday evening, but still no internet. It's amazing how much I have enjoyed the world of blogging, pinterest, ravelry, etc. They are another way of socializing. So here I am back at it again.
It proposes these tax increases:
Simon and Neil Cotton in I Capture the Castle (Dodie Smith)
Thanks so much for stopping by. I hope you'll come back soon.
So my verdict on the pattern.
I have a question as to do we now see frequent terrorist attacks going on in Islamabad, Lahore, Karachi, Peshawar, Quetta and other cities? No we don’t but surely once in a while but not regular as before.
Makin' Music Open House
Enjoy your stay!
“Young children have been found at these sites, handling the birds. Children have been found actively gambling,” Gilbert said.
Upon leaving the courthouse, he was ill at ease. It didn’t seem right. It wasn’t what he expected marriage to be. Lucynell assured him it was a real marriage in the eyes of the law. So he and his innocent, uncomprehending and trusting bride make off down the road to begin their budget honeymoon. He stops at a little luncheonette where his wife falls asleep in a booth. Paying for her meal and explaining to the boy behind the counter that she was a hitchhiker, the heartless Mr. Shiftlet dives off.
But then months and months and months went by, and nothing.
Art or Idiocy? is representin’ down in Miami with a special correspondent. So expect a report when she returns. Photos, fun, revelry. It should be good.
This past couple of years I have worked with my own Hungry Ghost energy. I’m not a person who craves so much as I am a person who shares. But food has always been my weakness – I love cooking and love eating good, wholesome food. I love it so much in fact that I have a hard time stopping before I’m filled to the brim. And so I’ve been cleaning up my act; getting my body in shape. As I approach sixty, I want the best quality of life possible. If I have an excess of flesh, that indicates to me that my system is overloaded; toxic. Time then, to listen deeply to the fragile house of my spirit and get on board with its agenda rather than simply that of my desire. The body has its own profound sagacity, if I can but attune to it.
Today, though, I was a little more motivated. I wrote 14 pages and hit the 75% mark! I still haven’t had my big battle scene, and I think my script will be more like 120 pages because of that. I just wrote the scene where my characters select their weapons, and it reminds me of a cross between The Underland Chronicles/Percy Jackson/Harry Potter. I even had one of my characters say, ”Well, where do you think J.K. Rowling got that idea? She took it from us!”. I’m sure that made you happy, Mom.
The plot. Well. At it’s core it’s just two old dudes having a tiff and by the end of it you just kinda want Otacon to cart Snake into a retirement home and be done with it. I kind of get why Snake was made in to this old geezer, to give the game a sense of finality as it is said to be the last MGS, but at the same time, I kind of don’t. Couldn’t they just roll with FOXDIE and use that as the reason why Snake doesn’t have long to live? Or was Ocelot too old for a younger Snake to beat the living crap out of? And why did the bosses have to be these fucking gorgeous women? I’m not really complaining, but I had to shake my head at the second stage of the fight: they just saunter up to you and try to hug you. And you’re supposed to, what, blast them with an auto shotgun? Right. Or you can just run away, a very hilarious concept, from the stunning women wearing skin-tight high-tech bodysuits that show off their mesmerizing curves and wait for the fight to teleport to a white room where if you take your camera out, these babes start posing for you. Then stuff your friend’s Ps3 hard drive with risqué photos for three minutes and you insta win. I honestly thought the Cobra Unit, which was just about the only thing that I felt was bad about MGS3, was kind of shit but the Beauty and Beast Corps take the cake.
Edison did play around with perfecting the light bulb, but the credit for that really goes to Heinrich Goebel. Goebel had it working in 1854 – and he actually tried to sell it to Edison who refused and dismissed it as an impractical triviality – unlike Edison’s face vacuum which was going to be huge. Seriously, you can look that up. Goebel wound up dying as everyone does eventually, and when his widow was flat broke and desperate along came the generous Edison that that bought the light bulb for a fraction of what it was worth. It was an easier option than fixing his own model that either fizzled out or blew up on moist tries.
The agent came for me during a geography lesson. She entered the room and nodded at my fifth-grade teacher, who stood frowning at a map of Europe. What would needle me later was the realization that this had all been prearranged. My capture had been scheduled to go down at exactly 2:30 on a Thursday afternoon. The agent would be wearing a dung-colored blazer over a red knit turtleneck, her heels sensibly low in case the suspect should attempt a quick getaway.
This home makes me want to pick up and move to Alabama! I think the best way to get inspired when creating your dream home is to collect images of homes that inspire you. A great tool to use for this is Pinterest, join today and check out all of my pin boards! I am always excited to hear about what inspires you about design, feel free to leave comments or send a quick email anytime, I look forward to hearing from you!
This report is the result of Canadean’s extensive market and company research covering the Germany foodservice industry. It provides detailed analysis of both historic and forecast industry values at channel level, analysis of the leading companies in the foodservice industry, and Germany’s business environment and landscape. The report tries to put the performance of the foodservice industry into perspective in one of Europe’s strongest performing economies.
26So he kept them safe from the children of Israel, and did not let them be put to death.
It's getting late and this post has gotten long. So I won't say much about this 1994 masterpiece by Iran's foremost director Abbas Kiarostami, working at the peak of his powers. I will say I'm so thankful that the PFA provided an opportunity for me to finally catch up with it, as such opportunities are few and far between in this country without resorting to quasi-legal methods. Why? It has something to do with Muriel's Wedding of all movies, at least according to Jonathan Rosenbaum's book Movie Wars.
speaking of . . .
Helicopter pilots who flew Brig. Gen. John W. Donaldson had alleged that the general gunned down civilian Vietnamese almost for sport.
On a brighter note, i promise another beauty post tmr~~~but today just let me be a geek, and enjoy the blood and gore zombie films/games has to offer
Waste carbon dioxide is first separated from steam and then dissolved in water, forming carbonic acid. The solution is then pumped 550 yards underground into a basalt formation, where the acidity leaches elements like calcium and magnesium from the surrounding rocks. Over time, the solution flows through the basalt formation and these elements recombine to form minerals like limestone.
The result was “shrilk,” a moldable, biodegradable substance derived from shrimp shells and silk that is as strong as some aluminum alloys but only half their weight.
That my friends, is what a random recap blog post looks like. Lamesauce, but it had to be done! Back to the funny on the morrow!
Folks from the village began to crowd around, drawn by his screams, and frightened by the enigmatic smile of the giant with a ruined hand.
Yes, said Pinsky, as long as Brennan’s dates were correct.
Generica's title screen is generic. Cue surprise?
Until next time...enjoy your day!!!
I've been in the ethnic minority in two or three cities where I lived for a number of years. That can be educational. I get along with anyone who is halfway congenial.
Fair enough, calling an object ‘plastic’ when it can display elastic characteristics can be quite confusing. But this is one example of where the crossover from one lingo to another (from physics to english) comes with some ambiguity. Another example is the word ‘weight’. What we mean by ‘weight’ in physics is different from its common, every day meaning. In physics, ‘weight’ is a force whereas in our daily parlance it has to do with the amount of stuff or mass. What we mean by ‘plastic’ in physics is not necessarily those every day objects we usually refer to as plastics. Plastic, in physics, is about the property of a material as opposed to what type of material it is. That is, if we consider a metal ruler, a ceramic vase and a wooden chair then they are all made up of different types of materials: metal, ceramic and wood. But they also share a common property. They all have a certain amount of ‘plasticity’. Now, if we consider the opposite of this ‘plastic’ characteristic, then we can associate a certain amount of ‘elasticity’ to these different objects. Typically, if something is nearer the 1 in our scale, we’ll refer to it as ‘elastic’ rather than to ‘not-very-plastic’. We could have devised a ‘stretchiness’ scale and define 1 as being completely not stretchy or plastic and 0 as completely elastic. This would not change the fact that some stuff are more plastic than others and that not everything we call ‘plastic’ in everyday life are truly plastic. For now, we’ll stick to the scale where 1 means completely elastic such that no matter how much you stretch it, it comes back to its original state. It simply cannot be deformed. no matter what. And on our scale, 0 means it is completely plastic such that it remains deformed even if the deformation is incredibly small.
Had a flat tire this morning, some guys pointed it out to me downtown Delcambre just as I noticed it. They stopped and pumped up the tire for me with a 12 volt pump from WalMart. Got to get one of those things. It worked really well, and I didn’t have to get sweaty and dirty changing a tire. WalMart may have something I want after all.
Rating: (4) (2)
of course you are not finished
Now, in the interests of keeping this blog family friendly, I will say that sixteen is kind of young to be going to bars. And in the interests of 'keeping it real' and appearing to be 'down with the kids', I will add that of course we were ALL sneaking off to bars at the age of 16, trying out our fake IDs. Ah, those were the days...
As soon as I’d completed the third draft I sent it off to celebrated children’s agent Veronique Baxter of David Higham Associates. Veronique is a big noise in the children’s publishing world, representing huge figures like Michael Morpurgo and Geraldine McCaughrean. She was not my agent at the time but, incredibly, got back to me in less than a week saying she had read the book at breakneck speed and had loved it. Offering immediate representation, she pitched Witchfinder to Oxford University Press. We were lucky here because it fell into the hands of the new Senior Commissioning Editor at OUP, Jasmine Richards. Like Veronique, Jasmine loved the book and wanted to publish in March 2010. Even more surprisingly, off the back of this one book she commissioned the other volumes in the trilogy. From conception to publication it was about 14 months, I guess – pretty fast work in the publishing world!
After work on Thursday, Junkii and I, along with four members of our crew, headed up to the neighbouring Chelsea Pub for a yummy dinner before making our way to the spa to scout out the situation. Suffice it to say that we foresee more lounge soireés in our immediate future!
But even I have a breaking point. And about a month ago I found it (those same regular readers will understand I meant to write this nearer the time). As you know, much earlier this year I feverishly completed my application to work as a volunteer next summer, and gabbled my way through an interview. No news yet, no. And no, I'm not worried. I imagine they're deliberating over which one of a number of powerful, high-profile roles they're going to award me. But now, my faith is wavering. Because about a month ago I saw the volunteers' uniforms.
Recycling Drive
Bottom shelf: Cutters, candle, fabric glue (because I didn't feel like putting it with the rest of my sewing stuff), my Crop-a-Dile, markers, create (which I have plans to fancify) and another piece made by Wendy!
The PACE Trials have recently been published and demonstrate clearly what is wrong with the present way that vested interests have manipulated the establishment view about myalgic encephalomyelitis (ME/CFS) and forced tens of thousands of patients and their families to live in a continual state where no proper research is sanctioned, good science is denied and where pointless and biased studies are funded by a system which denies human rights.
We enjoyed spending time with our older son, and with friends who also live in Canberra. One of my favourite coffee roasters has a shop not far from the festival, so of course a visit there was part of the trip and some beans have come home with us.
And if you did, and weren't around to watch this team play in 1962, I have a feeling we all got a taste of what those days were like. Back in '62, they played like this all the time. These days, they just play like that occasionally. Tonight, they played like that all night long. So now on the heals of Fred Wilpon's sentiments becoming known to the public, he's made it impossible to view them as lovable losers (as if we ever did) ever. - Not with the dollars dropped into this money pit. These days, instead of rallying behind the Lovable Losers of yore, way before the days when The Saul B. Katz Dilemma regime took over, now we just have a Schmuck and a $h!tte team to laugh at. Even though the situation with the Mets has gotten far from funny.
there will be times when it feels as if the world has closed in
Ruth (with mother Carrie) and Alice Milmine:
I hate to admit this but I've been having a major problem being single. I find it difficult to cook for one, when I open a bottle of wine I (most of the time) drink the whole thing (usually not the best of ideas but sometimes not the worse), and when I come home and want to talk to someone... well, I can't. On the other hand, I've been having a great time with my friends and even the occasional alone time is quite comforting.
I am of the opinion that the “altar call” or “confession of faith,” or similar invitations were not mentioned with great frequency because the Endeavorers were frequently already Christians, had already made their profession of faith in the church, and in fact were already part of the body of Christ. The Christian Endeavor pledge and program were designed to keep young Christians fired up in the church, keep them giving confessions of Christ, keep them supporting their church, and keep them serving their Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ. That is not to say, however, the Christian Endeavor did not make acceptance of Christ a ready opportunity.
Clash! The fierce pounding at the door awoke me from a dream of chariots at the Circus Maximus exploding along the well-trodden, scorching sand... I splashed a little water onto my face to fully waken me from the dream, before, dressed only in my tunica belted at the waist, I hurried to the atrium to see who my nearly-blind door slave had let in this time. Praying that my wife had not been disturbed, I saw a man, lacking a toga (probably a slave), a grey band on his finger (confirmed slave), looking agitated and in a definite hurry.
Entries will be accepted till vacant slots are available.
I read up on every plant that I buy before and after I purchase it so that I may mother it with the proper care.
Lee and Ditko's Amazing Spider-Man focused on a hyper-kinetic depiction of the frenzy and constant bafflement of adolescence. Forty years later, McKeever and Miyazawa reworked much of the same material, adding the character of Mary Jane Watson to the Spider-Man haunted Midtown High School while emphasising the claustrophobia and charm, longing and loneliness of teenage suburban life. Where Peter Parker's super-powers allowed him to regularly escape his hometown for Manhattan Island, Mary Jane's existence is one in which the supposedly remarkable is only seen as from the other end of the telescope. Occasionally Spider-Man is glimpsed leaping over the neighbourhood's rooftops, an inexplicable presence intruding into a life of coffee shops, classrooms and Saturday jobs. In that, he's a symbol of all the romance and danger which Mary Jane's day-to-day life can't possibly deliver, just as the initially ghostly presence of the socially-peripheral, perpetually-bullied Peter Parker suggests the possibility of the remarkable hiding in the plain sight of the mundane. Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane is a beautifully restrained and heartfelt evocation of the life of an uncertain young woman on the cusp of adulthood. Just as Lee and Ditko did, McKeever and Miyazawa put the figure of the superhero to use in the service of a story that's concerned with profoundly human, essentially typical experiences. It's a measure of how unimaginative Marvel can often be that there's never been a whisper in recent years of a television adaptation of the series. How better to reach out beyond the Rump?
Set aside 3/4 cup of the salted caramel sauce for the cheesecake bars. The remainder can be refrigerated for up to 1 month.
Caleb - "You got a point there. . ."
Level 2: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 6%.
For Project 3 I have provided you with 5 exciting projects to choose from. We will again choose 2 projects.
LINE a 8" square cake pan with parchment paper so you have approx 2" overhang on all sides
- Pause and erase
Well, lots has happened since I was last here in Blogland.
The Boys Tennis Team had an excellent weekend finish 3rd out of 11 teams. #1 singles Chaz Hansen won all four rounds to win the most prized possession, First Singles Champion!! After beating several schools MVP, he squared off with the returning 1st singles champion from Avon Lake. After being splitting the first two sets and being down 0-3; Chaz won the next 6 games to win the title. The 2nd Doubles Team of Tim Neihart and Eddie Adkins took 2nd place loosing in the championship match. Freshman Shane Spencer and Senior Adam White knocked off a very good Lake Ridge Academy Team to win third place for the team. #2 singles Conner Sexton and #3 singles Colin Pawlowski also won their first round matches and back-draw matches that helped the entire team gain enough points to take 3rd place in a very competitive tennis tournament. All the boys represented Vermilion well and had many teams taking notice of their talents. Congratulations boys!!!
I guess I feel kinship with this music, in its failure and beauty. It was never popular, it never will be, but exists somewhere in this universe and that alone gives me hope. It keeps me balanced on the precipice and pushes me in places I would not normally go... but I'm glad I went.
The sentiment is a stamp from LOTV and the little wooden butterfly I got on a recent trip to Hamburg.
We started off with a furry ball attached to a string which we bought from a pet store. You can just as easily make your own. As a kitten, Leia loved following this around.
The Superhero eats candy in outerspace.
I go over to my friend's house and start playing around with acid based dyes. You basically fill the biggest pot known to man with water, heat the water up. Put the yarn in and make sure it's soaking in there. Mix some of the powder dye and pour it in the pot. Stir things around. Mix together some citric acid. Dump citric in the big pot. Stir things around. Repeat last 4 steps until its the color you want.
A suspected reformulation leaves two elements of Patou's Sublime seeming 'as if the two boulders had been replaced with papier-mache rocks of the sort that stagehands push around during operatic scene changes'. The reduced and cheapened Cabochard reminds him of once seeing Peter O'Toole on the Tube: 'ravaged by years of abuse, gaunt, bleary-eyed, prematurely aged, heartbreaking'. And only Turin has ever made me fall about laughing at a perfume counter: of Clean Provence, he merely observes: 'I lived in Provence for eight years and mercifully never encountered this extraordinary accord of cheap gin-and-tonic and wet concrete.'
Passive Defensive Measures
Mishima, Yukio. Confessions of a Mask. New York: New Directions Publishing, 1958.
Where does vulnerability enter the picture? When we name the problem we have to be ready to discover the role we’ve played in creating it or in allowing it to continue. It may feel good and right to point out where we were wronged or let down but this is actually destructive behaviour if the conversation ends there. In my experience, bringing a sense of curiosity into play at this point helps team members gain perspective and think creatively about solutions. This includes coaching the team toward verbalizing what they could have done differently to prevent the problem in the first place. In the absence of strong leadership, a group can easily confuse free speech (tearing down) with effective problem solving (building up).
It’s easy enough to purify clear water. The solar water disinfection method, or SODIS, calls for leaving a transparent plastic bottle of clear water out in the sun for six hours. That allows heat and ultraviolet radiation to wipe out most pathogens that cause diarrhea, a malady that kills 4,000 children a day in Africa.
We have something non vegetarian every day and when Ro was with his previous company he used to take lunch whenever possible (read, whenever there was leftover from dinner). The occasional one time, he took something vegetarian and apparently his colleague asked him if everything was fine at home. Ro asked him why he thought so, and this person replies that Ro always had non veg for lunch and since he didn't have any that day, he assumed something was wrong at home. That kinda made me sit back and wonder why we never had vegetarian food at home. So for the next few days after that I struggled, really struggled, to manage with just vegetarian food. Quite difficult I must say when you don't eat Indian food every day. Spinach, mushroom and pasta was consumed in abundance but we soon got bored of that. That's when Quorn came to our rescue.
Reconciliation/Refugee/Resettlement Projects,
Even though the winter has been very mild this year, that doesn't mean there are any blooms yet. There are a few hellebore buds, but they are not wildflowers. It was almost 70 today, so I enjoyed taking foliage and seed photos after work.
What if you wanted to clean up your act and go legit, wouldn’t one consider their past? Well that would be why Tera is no stranger to using aliases. The average person would have run away from that school with great swiftness. Of course, some of you may be able to understand her point as well. Cleaning up ones act is not an easy task. But even when you think that noone noticed you, it is possible that someone did. The humiliation of it all is being watched by a child. If there is such a thing as Child Pornography, this teacher probably wishes there was a law against Children watching adult Porn.
Myra @ Gr8dame's Place
At 89 x 141mm overall size, the notebook is a little smaller than A6.
case of course packs) and only with respect to a narrow repertoire that is
What, that my leg is too long?
Arcadia, California (population 56,364): La Palma City Manager Dominic Lazzaretto will become Arcadia’s next administrative chief pending City Council approval next week, according to the Pasadena Star-News. Lazzaretto, who is replacing Arcadia’s City Manager Don Penman, is expected to start on March 26. He has worked with the city of La Palma in Orange County for nine years, including six years as city manager. Lazzaretto, a Glendale resident chosen from a field of over 80 applicants, will have a base salary of $199,650 annually. Lazzaretto is also knowledgeable about public safety issues. His brother, Charles, was a Glendale police officer killed in the line of duty in 2007. La Palma was twice listed among the “Top 100 Small Cities in the United States” by Money Magazine during his tenure, according to city officials. Penman officially retired in November after nearly 14 years with the city, including four years as the city’s top administrator. He has been working as a contractor in recent months.
For the study where meditation produced effects at the genetic level, see: J. A. Dusek, H. H. Otu, A. L. Wohnhueter, M. Bhasin, L. F. Zerbini, M. G., Joseph, H. Benson, and T. A. Liberman, ‘Genomic Counter-Stress Changes Induced by the Relaxation Response’, PLoS ONE, 2008, 3(7), e2576, 1-8.Link to article.
I'm really not expecting it to do much, but I figured it most likely won't hurt me so I should just give it a shot.
h) Osborne House, Sandringham, Balmoral
orchids- Longwood Gardens
It says the council can no longer afford to house tenants on its waiting list in private accommodation as the gap between market rents and the local housing allowance has become too great.
Pictures by Ellsworth Young
A new party The British Freedom Party was formed because of Griffin's behaviour on November 5th 2010 and within 24 hours their treasurer and backer had resigned and within a week another founding member had resigned alleging threatening and abusive emails sent out by a senior member and former BNP associate of Griffin. The Electoral Commission are now investigating this split. It is now two factions both calling themselves BFP!
We will still send out an email to all of campus letting you know what is going on when there are known network problems, but we understand that most people are very busy and constant email messages can be very disruptive. For that reason we will publish status updates and other non-emergent information here so that it is available for those interested. Please feel free to comment on anything posted here and we will try to respond a quickly as time permits.
3) Alice in Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass by Lewis Caroll
It was a very long night and the radio was going for much of the time. John and Renee on sv Scarlett had a boat drag down on them, and it hit their dinghy and their wind steering. That boat had no engine, had lost their anchor and dinghy and were adrift. Renee had to call Darwin Harbor to send out a rescue boat, and then they re-anchored Scarlett. The winds continued to blow between 25 and 30 knots until around 4 o’clock. I don’t think that anyone got much sleep that night.
I edited my poem Angry Black Dog. This is as part of The Great Big Poetry Project.
I remember that when I did this with the boys we did a really big model, covering our table. It was a good model, maashAllah, but they tired a bit of drawing out such a big plan, so I scaled things down for Ia!
There were bands, food, lines (there are always lines), but in general the crowd seemed like a happy one, with beer geeks from all over sharing in the wealth that had descended upon the brewery once again.
I'm sure you're wondering exactly how the combination of an onion tart and bloggers could be so legen...(wait for it)...dary!
Nor mark the waxing wheat,
In Jamie’s view and the view of the Historical Society of Glen Lyon:
OMG…the “no-coffee” girl is coming …………………………………………………………………………………………………………..
“I've never been explicitly excluded because I was a male. Criticism based on my gender only prompted me to write about being a SAHD and to make connections and build community with other like-minded parents.”
This movie had insane potential and it really makes me sad to say that it doesn’t live up to it. However, don’t mistake that for a warning to stay away at all costs. Many of the mainstream reviewers who took a crack at the movie seemed to have a hard time with the backstory, deriding it as preposterous and juvenile. First of all, this is based on a comic book – not Shakespeare. There’s supposed to be an element of wonder to it. At times, Green Lantern achieves that. Unfortunately, not as much as it should have.
The four of us manage to score one of the last available tables on a Friday night, although it does require a disconcerting series of verbal negotiations and compliance with the gate-keeping waitress before we're allowed through (You're here to have dinner aren't you, not just snacks? Because some people just take a table and order snacks and no food. We'll need the table back at 7.45pm. And you're eating dinner, right? And you'll be having at least two courses? -- Yes, yes, we understand and we will, we reassure her with a smile).
If you are an ESL teacher in Korea, you can volunteer as an English tutor. There are several charter schools in Seoul specifically designed for North Korea defectors. Most notable among them is the Yeomyung School, whose graduates led the protest in front of the Chinese embassy in Seoul. You can volunteer at these schools as English tutors for those who escaped from North Korea.
If the barrels are not empty
She added that there needs to be greater accountability and raised the following questions to the relevant authorities:
I printed off an exercise regime from the TM website which encourages a series of exercises incorporating running, squats, press-ups, chin-ups and dips. Only for a lot of the sets, it asks that I use a rock or weights to make it more interesting. I’m going to go the Rocky route and find a suitable boulder just as soon as I get the hang of things.
Because of the radio show, Hae Sung finally found her own path. She’s now determined to pursue it with much vigor and enthusiasm. JB happily welcomed her back in Kirin, like a true friend. The rest of Kirin natives celebrated her return as well. To make up for the lost time, Hae Sung started practicing. JB saw how hard she’s working so it was sweet of him to treat her out for the effort she’s been putting in. I may have a bias heart to say that I don’t see this as something romantic. I clearly see JB’s intention of wanting to help Hae Sung and I love that Hae Sung is not putting any meaning to it. So why would I??
It baffles me. The two space after the period rule was created long ago in the age of typewriters, so that one could actually tell that there was a space between the period and the proceeding word. However, in this "new" digital age of computers, I think we've moved past the point of necessity; similar to the electoral college for presidential elections (I had to throw at least something about politics in there). The problem is that the majority of people, even working people, even professional working people, have simply not received the memo that the time of the two spaces after the period is over. I no longer have to count my words when turning in an assignment at the office, and I'm not trying my damnest to make my work assignment five pages by adding two spaces after a period and not only double spacing, but using the largest font I can find to expand the text to another page. If anything, our modern society, especially in professional settings, is about brevity* and keeping this tight and concise.
Levi's jeans, Vintage jacket, shirt, and Doc Martens
My friend Rachel and I have a blog where we sell things that we've crocheted to earn money for orphans - Handiwork for Lilly. I haven't really posted about it a lot here, but I'm also very busy over there posting!
The current speculative turn in architecture writing is thus both unsurprising and highly appropriate to its subject matter—something worth bearing in mind by anyone hoping to find a larger audience for architectural critique.
During the Chipmunks' benefit concert in Paris, France, David Seville (Jason Lee) is badly injured after a falling billboard sends him flying across the stage into electric devices.
Professor Robin Touquet, consultant in emergency medicine at St Mary's Hospital, Paddington, says: 'At 40 per cent pure ethanol, vodka in the eye would create inflammation and thrombosis - clotting of the blood vessels - such that very little alcohol would be absorbed. Unlike the stomach, the eye does not have a gastro-intestinal lining to protect it and aid absorption.
I love eggs and in my house we eat them on a regular basis. For a long time, eggs have gotten a bad rap as being full of fat and cholesterol, well think again. There is a reason that they are called “The Incredible, Edible Egg”! Check out the link below for just a few of the health benefits of eggs for you and your whole family.
no longer able to contain my yearning for you I
To me, it’s watching family and loyal pets having fun and being happy.
It's always seemed a strange cover to me. That window's far too close to the floor. Why's there no furniture? And why does that house have twenty foot high bright yellow walls? But who cares about that? What matters is that Fantastic Four #2 gives us all the Skrulls we could ever need, in the first FF tale I ever read.
Last week, after obedience class, I returned home with Bayley in the car at llama feeding time. We drove straight down to the barn, leaving Mayzie in the house. Bayley initially didn’t want to get out of the car because Mayzie wasn’t along, and this is a team effort. I left the car door open and went about my work. A few minutes later I looked around to see if Bayley had gotten out of the car. Scanning around, I spied her lying by the gate right in Mayzie’s spot. I imagine she was thinking that guarding that gate was an important job, and since Mayzie wasn’t there to do it, she would have to step up to the task. Oh, to spend a day in my dog’s head.
The first scene in the book is done.
NosetoTailatHome.com
And I only feel like moving forward.
I fell head over heels in love with the characters in this book. They felt like people I would know, people who would be my neighbors, or people I could spend the day with. There’s something so moving and raw about the YA contemporary genre—there is no evil society to overthrow, no ancient curses to break, just real life personal demons to overcome. I think what I loved most about this story was the personal growth and the overcoming of everyday problems that we all face.
If teachers were to take an enthusiastic interest in what language is about, each teacher would have fairly serious problems to resolve. For instance, you can’t identify bullshit the way you identify phonemes. That is why I have called crap-detecting an art. Although subjects like semantics, rhetoric, or logic seem to provide techniques for crap-detecting, we are not dealing here, for the most part, with a technical problem.
Many people have the misconception that dinner should be the biggest meal. The truth is that if you eat a large meal before bed, you are going to gain weight. Although the body does burn calories while resting, it does not burn nearly as many while you are awake and moving.
Gulen fled to the United States from his native Turkey in 1998 to avoid prosecution on charges that he was attempting to undermine Turkey’s secular government with the objective of establishing an Islamic government.
"Now what do we do with Pellitory of the Wall?" I hear you ask. Well actually pretty much the same as you would with stingy nettles. The taste is similar too. Just use the leaves and young shoots and boil them for a side veg, add them too soups or risottos or any other way you'd use green veg for. A Torta di Verdura, vegetable tart would be nice too I reckon. It has a mild flavour, but it doesn't fall apart too quickly when cooked.
. . . always reminds me that there is so much beauty in the world.
But there are even more formidable objections to the postulate of a World Ensemble of which Dawkins is apparently unaware. First, there’s no independent evidence that a World Ensemble exists, much less one that is randomly ordered and infinite. Recall that Borde, Guth, and Vilenkin proved that any universe in a state of overall cosmic expansion cannot be infinite in the past. Their theorem applies to the multiverse, too. Therefore, since the multiverse’s past is finite, only a finite number of other worlds may have been generated by now, so there’s no guarantee that a finely-tuned world will have appeared in the ensemble. By contrast we do have independent evidence for the existence of a Cosmic Designer, namely, the other arguments for God’s existence which we have been discussing. Thus, theism is, all else being equal, the better explanation.
Oak Hill Liquor
my encores blowing faded floral curtains wide
A few weeks ago, Ava, a Filipino blog reader wondered what elk was after I mentioned we were going to have elk for our Christmas meal.
It makes me happy to share all of my DIY projects and ideas with my readers. I've been getting back such great responses. I have many more projects to share and I can't wait to start ROOM REVEALS! Until my next post...
We walked through Victoria Square the rest of the way and I spotted more of those studied celebrity doubles – the twat taking the prize most modeling himself on David Guetta so good that while going along, carrying a load of records over his shoulder, he got mobbed by a bunch of popsters looking smile-android Bieber's mobile no.. The popsters, though, on inspecting his bag of records, discovered they were no more than a bunch of cardboard squares, but not before 'Guetta' got their numbers off them promising to 'pass them on to Justin.' I wondered how many of these celeb-a-likes going around were the attention starved, starry-eyed celebrity-aspiring, and how many were possessed of murkier intentions – their resemblance to the authentically famed being the
The movie is still a product of its time. Between Bobby’s ‘golly gee’s’ and the notable lack of locked doors (even at night), The Day the Earth Stood Still almost demands parody. But you can’t laugh at it without feeling a little bitter. If we question Helen’s choice to let Rennie’s ‘Mr. Carpenter’ watch Bobby for the day, despite having only just met him, isn’t it because we’d feel unsafe doing that today? And, had we the option of living in a world where ‘child molester’ wasn’t a default assumption, wouldn’t we choose it, assuming our trust was justified? No one would rather live in the 1950s than today—except, maybe a few white males—but it wasn’t hell for everyone who had to. Not in this film, anyway.
12) 5 bowls of water
I could do an entire interview on this!!!! But for now, let me give a one-word answer: BELIEVE. You have to believe. In yourself. Your story. Your dreams. Your vision. Everything.If you don’t believe, no one else will. But if YOU believe, that’s when magic happens. Who was your favorite character in the whole story? And why?
The animals were pretty active. The polar bears and wolves were actually running around.
-We started when she was about 5 weeks old and about 9.5 pounds.
Executive producer(s): Russell T Davies, Julie Gardner
Each lunch is broken down into an 'entree', 'plat' and 'dessert' -- of course. A recent week's dining at the school included such entrées as "salade aux croutons", avocado with vinaigrette and "tarte aux poireaux". For their main course, the little darlings feasted on "filet de lieu au court bouillon", "sauté de porc a la moutarde" and "pavé de saumon a l'oseille". And for dessert, it was a choice between "flan patissier", "compote pomme-fraise" and that grand French classic "ile flottante". And of course, because this is France, there is a different cheese each day including "camembert", "tome blanche" and "Saint Paulin".
While we all make mistakes, nowhere is the propensity toward human error more obvious than in the history of biblical interpretation. For 2,000 years, Christians have read the Bible convinced they will discover the certainty and authority of infallible truth within its pages. Yet on a host of issues, the consensus of opinion about how the Bible should be understood has changed.
Online relationship has turn out to be one of the vital sought after companies of at the moment, the only drawback is that there are too many alternative services to choose from. Truthfully, there are actually a entire bunch of courting services that are on the web at the moment and to search out the proper one for you; it might be somewhat overwhelming and confusing. This is why you actually need to take the time to search out the correct service for you as a consequence of there are many and you might not be using the appropriate one for you. If you are a newcomer to online courting then you definately is likely to be a little bit uncertain which people you need to be choosing.
Idolatry is taking something that is not real and making it to be reverenced and worshiped. To worship something is to give it power of influence over your life. We have to be careful we are not putting this stumbling block in our innocent children’s path with Santa Clause. We are not teaching them that Santa is the rewarder of Good and evil- that he is the one we must please. Which leads to the next area of making the word of God of no effect-
But I digress. If we weren’t so dependent on the status quo, many of us could find fulfillment and be satisfied with our lives. I don’t want to look back when I am 70 and feel like I did not live so much of my life. I don’t want to feel like I spent the vast majority of it doing things I despised or resented and that my life was never my own. No regrets man! LIVE life. In the words of Edna Mode, “I never look back darling, it distracts from the now.”
My electric blanket
"Black is back-Her Majesty's favorite spy is off to Scotland in this new adventure to ensure the Queen doesn't end up getting killed. When Queen Victoria attends a séance, the spirit of her departed husband, Prince Albert, insists she spend Christmas at their Scottish home in Balmoral. Prime Minister Disraeli suspects the Scottish nationalists plan to assassinate the Queen-and sends the ever resourceful India and the handsome British spy, French, to the Scottish highlands. French will take the high road, looking for a traitor among the guests-and India will take the low road, disguised as a servant in case an assassin is hiding among the household staff. India is certain that someone at Balmoral is determined to make this Her Majesty's last Christmas..."
Cesar Ritz had particular requirements and directives with regards to service, amenities, decor, hygiene, and cuisine. He started humbly, born in the mountains of Switzerland, and through hard work, luck, fortuitous circumstances, perseverance, superb taste, and a knack for seeing excellence in others to help him, created hotels that became synonymous with luxury. The classic Ritz Hotel, unadulterated by ever expanding modern chains, still exists in Paris, London, and Madrid. The Ritz style is present in great hotels in cities around the globe. It can be seen in the Four Seasons in Hamburg, the Plaza Athenee in Paris, the Villa D'Este in Italy, the St. Regis in New York, and many others illustrious and historic hotels.
In addition to the Sohebele pride male, the Sohebele pride had three young male lions born into the pride in August 2006. These males were constantly chased around by the new males looking to take over the pride and miraculously survived all of the attacks on the pride, and following the loss of all four pride lionesses, found themselves as the only remaining Sohebele lions and moved out of the area, effectively ending the reign of the Sohebele pride.
Here is my layout of Luke with his new boogie board at the beach 2 years ago:
1-2 garlic cloves finely chopped
Flu of some sort, Dr has put them on antibiotics. Wee cherubs.
“I am excited about the prospect of the app because it will give women another tool to report harassment,” Ferreras said. “I hope that it will help collect data on the amount of harassment that occurs in the city and bring awareness on an issue that is so often ignored by law enforcement.”
I went to Catholic school back in the days of real priests and nuns as teachers. Since most of them were not necessarily educated to be teachers, they relied very heavily on teaching reading, writing and religion. The whole school attended Mass every morning, and twice on holy days. I think I can still recite the entire thing in Latin! Which actually turned out very useful to me, as Latin is the root of all Romance languages, and my love of reading and writing is with me to this day.
You might say that Mr Miller could not argue that, for one purpose newco is Rangers, but for another it is not, but that seems the logical approach (even if inherently illogical) to take. It is akin to an accused pleading that they have an alibi, failing which self-defence!
A former prison chief said that prison labour was an ‘expected part of furniture production’.
We have found that practice is helpful for both children and adults in learning how to persist and get help when you need it. Here is one you can do with your child.
Felicity didn’t know what she’d been expecting. She hadn’t really thought through to what it would be like to actually be on the clouds; during all the action it took to get here her thoughts had been occupied elsewhere. So when she put her foot down onto the uneven and bumpy surface of the cloud, she was still somewhat surprised when it held her weight. It wasn’t like solid cement by any means- it was a little squishy and her feet entered the cloud-mass a little way, like soft sand- but she could walk easily enough. It felt a bit damp and a tiny bit sticky, but when she lifted her foot the wisps would only follow it briefly, before gently wafting back down into the cloud.
What shall we say then? Are we to continue in sin that grace may abound? By no means! How can we who died to sin still live in it? Do you not know that all of us who have been baptized into Christ Jesus were baptized into his death? (Romans 6:1-3)
‘One Thing’ by One Direction remains at NUMBER 1 in Chile for another week.
Even more worthless than most Zimbabwean dollars, that is – for these carried dates, showing they expired last June.
Comparing analog to the new meters, she added, “In the collective memory of TURN, we have not seen similar incidents with analog meters.”
The sky, the trees outside that second floor window is the same sky the same trees that inspired my first words-
“Go count this.” Sal grabbed her arm and pulled her close. “Carefully.”
That Saturday is when I ran into even more old friends from the past! One girl whom I called my "DDR best friend," Butterfly, was there and I pretty much talked her friggin ears off, haha! Because I generally have been stuck inside my home with not much to do, I've been missing this sort of socialization. It felt like a mix of being at a sports stadium rooting for your team, having dinner with old friends, and just hanging out with people you like! I had so much fun that night, I figured I'd go the final day just to see things through.
Landen Meadows is a neighborhood of single family homes built primarily in the 1990′s. Charlotte NC’s Landen Meadows neighborhood is located in the Ballantyne area of South Charlotte NC between Ardrey Kell Rd and Rea Rd, minutes from the Blakeney shopping center. The Landen Meadows neighborhood features a community pool, playground and tennis courts.
So with this mind I have created a scene that represents a young lady's reflection to her past years and innocence. The stylish young lady is the present and the child is the innocent past.
I've posted several times about the Rosary over the last few years. I love the Rosary, even though at times I've found it intimidating and difficult. Lately, though, St. Louis Marie de Montfort has been helping me out quite a bit. I posted his suggestions HERE. They really work--I use them myself!
towards
I recently returned from vacation to, thankfully, only a smallish pile of mail. In that pile was a copy of Fresh Home Ideas magazine that I’ve been receiving quarterly thanks to my dear friend Alicia, who undoubtedly is responsible for the mystery subscription.
Nothing is more exciting or beautiful, as the birth of a child.
For the trifle:
-When Beau checked on Gaines tonight, he found him with no pants or diaper on. Just a little white hiney sticking up. I'd like to say this is the first time but its becoming a regular occurrence when he's not in zip up pajamas.
What’s your one favourite food in the city where you live or have lived?
167. - - Chocolate Tasting of Truffles from Ambrosius - - @ Home w/ Rafer & Beth (Phoenixville, PA) 10:14 p.m.
and then there are the movies which are so perfect in every way that they feel like they were made exactly for you.
Well me and the boys have managed some breakfast and a drink this morning so that's a great improvement, fingers crossed we'll be fully recovered soon. the only advantage to being to unwell so far is that Zac was erm, shall we say very ill on his dummy and hasn't asked for a new one and oh I lost 11.5lbs in three days!
There are of course a few negatives involved with using sulfur with the first being that it does have a distinct odor to it and many view that odor as an unpleasant one. The truth of the matter is that sulfur is included as an ingredient in those infamous "stink bombs" noted for their stench of rotting eggs. Another potential problem to be concerned about is skin discoloration. It is the cleaning out of pores that is the main way that sulfur actually works. This is vital because most problems begin with oil, dirt or dead skin cells causing the pores to block and keep infection trapped inside them. White blood cells then build up as the body starts to fight the infection. This is how the infamous puss is created. Prevention of the pores being blocked will stop over 90% of the pimples from ever forming.
6. Beat It on Down the Line - 3:30
Haste the Day – 5:00 p.m.- Xtreme Wheels
I am obsessed with this series, but I just finished Black Heart (the 3rd book in the series) so now I don't think I can properly review R.G. without mingling it with BH. But just know, that it was a great sequel!
“At the grass-roots level,” Pukey said. “We don’t need some bureaucrat in the State House to tell us how to spend local tax dollars.”
A descendant of Atlantis, Sabine Tobias needs the map to decipher an ancient prophecy. What she doesn't need are the sparks flying between her and Max. He's too devilishly charming to be trusted: The fate of her people is at stake as well as her heart. Yet a ruthless killer also covets the map. Now Max and Sabine must race to decode the prophecy's riddle before this criminal fulfills his deadly mission.
For the next time we visit the ballot box, let’s demand some well-in-advance straight answers from our running candidates because it’s evident that we can’t rely on some of them to keep their story straight (hey, some might mistake it for integrity).
Jonathan Cohn points out that the Republican plan has a track record, and that it's not especially encouraging. He argues that Ryancare would effectively eliminate health insurance for elders and summons the 1959 congressional testimony of retired autoworker John Barclay:
(It is interesting to note that he too felt uncomfortable when he read the blatant untruths published on the opening screen.)
If you haven’t connected with your power animal or totem, then now is the time, during this great shift in consciousness we’re experiencing. Whether it’s through picture form or statue, you need to have the representation of that animal around you.
A very obscure and rare release by this four member American indie outfit hailing from Illinois. The music was recorded via 4-Track, so it has a great independent feel and of course a low production value to complement the DIY flavor. Four tracks of melancholic guitar indie new wave. Out of print private pressing via Uncalled Four Music.
Sponge Bob has never been allowed in our house. It started out as a gut feeling. The show was annoying, felt chaotic, and sometimes inappropriate. My kids would ask to watch it and I'd just say, "No, mom doesn't really like Sponge Bob." That would be the end of the discussion. We'd watch Dora or Bear in the Big Blue House instead.
You try to tell young people things. No really, I know you won't listen, but if I knew this then, I think by 60 you stop that.
When I manage such moments amidst the many things I desire to do, I know I have achieved something really important. In silence and idleness, I have re-balanced, centred, allowed creativity to breathe, and re-connected to that bigger something, that Oneness thing we all talk about. Without even trying.
Will they be able to put aside their differences and fun each other again? Will love spring from tackle and bait or will both be hurt again?
”I’m pretty sure it has been because that’s what Tamils are saying here,” he said. ”If you can make it to Vancouver, it’s not a stretch to cross the Tasman. These people are desperate.”
83. The Real Numbers-Welcome To The Numberhood (Self-Released)
Mary Paper Doll Set
The Vinny Jones method of collecting debts, from the film “Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels”
I don’t want to bore anyone with a catalogue of pints drunk, cocktails swallowed and our lingering hope we’d find a nice man with an interesting stash of uppers, downers, acid or mescaline. But this is York 2011 and not LA in the 1970’s so I think we were on a hiding to nothing.
Plugged-In Parenting comes at a time when parents find themselves between a rock and a hard place. They want to protect their children from the increasingly violent and sexualized content of movies, TV, the Internet, and music as well as cyberbullying and obsessive cell phone texting. But they fear that simply “laying down the law” will alienate their kids. Can parents stay connected to the media while staying connected to God and to each other? This book makes a powerful case for teaching kids media discernment, but doesn’t stop there. It shows how to use teachable moments, evidence from research and pop culture, Scripture, questions, parental example, and a written family entertainment constitution to uphold biblical standards without damaging the parent-child relationship.
First bring your thread to the front. Make a loop with your thread to the right and in a clockwise direction.
Ooops BIG piccy lol !
Oooohh, now it makes sense. Her children are so embarrassed that they want to flee to another country. Well, can't blame them there.
quite accidental”. One reviewer wrote, “If there is anything worse than an Angry Young Man it’s an Angry Young Woman.” Other misguided critics found it unbelievable and “about as convincing as some dream fantasy watched through a distorting mirror”. The young author knew “as much about adult behaviour as she does about elephants”. Delaney was offered a reading list: Shaw, Ibsen, O’Casey, Anouilh and Williams.
While the political leaders haggle over cabinet posts in a political stalemate, ordinary Zimbabweans are either fleeing across the borders for food, or are resorting to desperate means at home to find a few morsels to eat.
plus i actually listened to your boring, dull presentation,
Analysts say Spanish companies are becoming more competitive as they slash their staff levels and find more success in negotiating advantageous wage deals with unions.
Nelson, a veteran of the U.S. armed services (Okinawa campaign), flag-waving ex-governor of Wisconsin (Sen. Joe McCarthy’s home state, but also the home of Aldo Leopold and birthplace of John Muir), was working to raise America’s consciousness and conscience about environmental issues.
Now, how does that affect me as a woman and a mother? My faith in God truly affects every part of my life. Surely my faith had an impact on my decision to have children, particularly on the decision to start our family while Jared was still in graduate school and there were plenty of financial reasons to wait. Even now, I catch myself for a moment dreaming of how different our financial situation would be if I had stayed in the work force for five more years until Jared's practice was up and running-- but I wouldn't trade those five years for all the money in the world. We knew that it was the right time and that the Lord didn't want us to postpone our family for selfish reasons or to rely on our own strength. Surely I have been able to see the Lord's hand more clearly in my life because we needed Him more to provide for our needs at times.
A gorgeous gallery!
Attributes: Agility-d8, Smarts-d6 (A), Spirit-d6, Strength-d10, Vigor-d6
This means:
Appearance: Light straw-colored slightly opaque brew with a bit of carbonation and a loosely knit head of off-white foam built from medium to small bubbles.
We've had a real mix bag of weather in the last few weeks - almost springlike days, some very wet ones and a couple of decent frosts too. The borders in the garden are starting to spring to life and I snapped this first snowdrop the other day - its since been joined by a few friends;
Brazil, like China, has seen energy consumption soar with industrialization and household consumption of energy increase with rising living standards, at least in some urban areas.
I like some of the picks the Dolphins made, but Ryan Tannehill was both unnecessary and stupid. Matt Moore is a better QB right now than Tannehill ever will be in my opinion. This team is still in need of tons of help.
Some Frequently Asked Questions About Stockpiling
But there is another balance within the global military that is coming to understand that the more open the system the less likely conflict is to occur; that secrecy is the old pattern, and it is of old third dimension, it is of old human belief systems, and it does not work.
Unfortunately, I still have to deal with certain aspects that I hate when travelling. Namely, muppets who don't understand where they're going, security staff who only want to body-search 'attractive people' - not the fat fuckers who could easily hide a bomb, and families of retards whose sole intention is to impose their infestation of children on other people.
Are we weak and heavy laden, cumbered with a load of care?
Wanting desperately to put an end to her nightmares, Mac decides to investigate Amy’s murder herself. She discovers secrets lurking in the shadows of Hemlock, secrets about Amy’s boyfriend, Jason, her good pal Kyle, and especially her late best friend. Mac is thrown into a maelstrom of violence and betrayal that puts her life at risk.
And then he said he didn’t want to be married to me anymore. And I officially hit rock bottom.
But the herd of voters is ready to stamped, and it won't be to the centre that they run.
4. Windows to the Universe - This award-winning site from the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research provides a user-friendly education system for anyone who is interested in learning more about earth and space sciences.
DON BLUTH (Rock-a-Doodle)
I think you are also eager to know about Vote God. Instead of copying and pasting the Frequently Asked Questions about Vote God, I would point to you the primary source. Please visit http://www.votegod.net.
iv) everytime a public mass transport facility is installed – highway, bus interchange, MRT, airport (those near enough to hear noise or be affected by pollution)
It seems that all I do these days is contemplate.
I was excited to be joined by my good friend Ed Blagrove for this next viewing in my epic Doctor Who pilgrimage. We we're both pleased to see that this was the great Robert Holmes first script for Doctor Who. Holmes would go on to write what are considered to be some of the very best episodes or Doctor Who ever including: The Talons of Weng Chiang, The Cave of Androzani, and the Time Warrior to name but a few. I explained to Ed that The Krotons was actually a last minute replacement for an abandoned gender swap satire called The Amazons and later The Prison in Space by writer Dick Sharples, which has recently be remounted in audio form as part of the Big Finish Lost Stories range.
"One of his earliest fully developed American works is the W. H. Kriser house of 1929 known as Knollwood. Shutze developed this house from his study of Chatham in Stratford County, Virginia (1765). He translated the orginal stucco house into a brick Georgian mass with a one-story portico that spans the curving arrival drive."
sooooooo cuuuuuuuute! (even I sometimes think little kids are cute. But only when they're dolled up in a funny way like this one)
Hey everybody – happy Friday!
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to believe in the idea of self-interest where my whole life I lived only being concerned about myself and my experiences in this world never realizing the interconnectedness of all life and thus the consequences that my self-interested living has on everyone else
Stephanie from dcmegieawayblog
It totally ruined the song, I'll say that for sure.
Well…..we ALL like to have good news when we go to the Doctor!!!!
Brooklyn’s Light Asylum are Shannon Funchess and Bruno Coviello. They make electro-tinged goth wave music with an attitude. Their self-titled debut is an industrial bombastic affair filled with epic-laden tracks supported by Funchess’ powerhouse vocals. Live, Funchess’ cyber leather get-up is sure to captivate you as much as her vocals would. In other words, prepare to get your senses challenged with Light Asylum.
7) Use a conversational voice
To celebrate the New Year and keeping with the saldi/sales spirit, my novel, THE REBIRTH OF MRS. TRACEY HIGGINS is now .99 (USD) on Amazon.com. TROMTH is currently a Hot New Best Seller!
Weaknesses: Lacks pass rush moves and gets a lot of his sacks from hustle more thn anything else. Doesn’t have strength and burst to get of blockers.
The Grudge 2 does one thing differently from the original: the scares. Other than this, though, it is a very similar plot with similar problems (inconsequential story, slow pacing). Sarah Michelle Gellar is dubbed as one of the stars, but much like Cabin Fever 2 putting Ryder Strong on the cover, this is false advertising as she is in the movie for nothing more than an extended cameo. There is no denying, as a horror movie, this is a step up from the first film, but everything else about it is just as disappointing. Needless to say, I am not looking forward to the DTV (Direct to Video) Grudge 3 that we are watching tonight.
So this is the latest glimpse of MomImpact's world HQ, artfully arranged.
If the liberals, politicians from establishment parties or "so called" journalists from the controlled media would like to leave any comments to explain why this evil bastard should not be hanged by the neck until he is dead, please do and we will publish them. Perhaps they could call on Jennifer's parents to forgive their daughter's killer.
Well, this is it for right now. Thanks so much for stopping by I will be back on Saturday when the Challenge Team over at Our Daily Bread Designs will have another awesome challenge for you, make sure you come back to see what we have come up with....you won't be disappointed!!
Let the brave venture on alone
My inspiration to finish running a 5K came from a man holding a cardboard sign.
We used crass words, yes; it's pretty par for the course for me and especially for the feminist blogs. I admit that I hesitated about posting the words "fuck you," I didn't want it to sound mean. But on review, I assumed it would be taken in the crass, flip, somewhat humorous way it was meant. This is, after all, the internet, and if there's one thing internet feminists know how to do, it's swear.
Monday morning my Jersey friend came back to the city to see me one last time before I left. A quick walk and a purchase of an I heart NY tee and I was off to the airport.
How could it be? Easy. Again, none of these are magisterial. As I’ve demonstrated, the opinion of Frs. Jacquier and Le Seur isn’t magisterial. Marini’s work wasn’t either. An address by the president of the Pontifical Academy of Science isn’t magisterial. What Bob needs is a magisterial source and that is precisely what he is unable to produce. 300 years is just a good round number. It’s actually longer than that. The last magisterial act that had anything to do with positively enforcing the seventeenth century discipline against promoting Copernicanism was Alexander VII’s Index of Forbidden Books in 1664. That was 347 years ago. Since then the official magisterial acts have been to incrementally remove that discipline against Copernicanism and to promote the dissemination of non-geocentric views throughout the Church.
Archaeologists working the caves have uncovered a wealth of evidence from the limestone layers that date this location as one of the oldest in South Africa. The Makapan Valley has now been declared a World Heritage Site to protect this important archaeological evidence.
Guess where I am right now. I’m at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport in Texas. We’re waiting to be boarded on the airplane. It’s been a while since I updated this blog. In the past week and a half, we’ve been to Rockport, San Antonio, Austin, Dallas, Tulsa, Oklahoma and back to Dallas. Lots of driving. Our kids did great.
In my bra and panties, I raced down to my locker, and sheer adrenaline opened my locker combo. I was half-panicked--laughing to myself at how funny this whole thing was, and scared to death that someone would come around the corner any second. Luck was on my side that day. There would be no witnesses to my "I-Love-Lucy" shenanagins that day.
I worked with him for a year before I left Amsterdam for Scotland. I did try to talk to him about his photographing of children but it was one thing he would not talk about. Whenever I tried, a door closed. I felt he had long ago decided to be who he was whatever the consequences and was prepared to brook no discussion. He continued to photograph and his reputation continued to grow. I left him two goldfish and promised to come back and visit.
4/23/2012 Ross Stores, Inc. 59410 Assistant Store Manager Internship Intern All, Bus/Econ
On the picture is the Furesø Framboise- a Belgian wit with raspberries. In my opinion, a great little beer, with harmonious raspberry flavours. Not overpowering, just subtle raspberry flavours like only Belgians do it.
In a large bowl, mix the milk, egg, sugar and the salt until combined.
Bringing me to the euphemism involving my life. I like to liken my dinner to school. Why? It’s sustainability (well, ahem, WILL be eventually). Work, is chocolate frosting. And even though I like my dinner and love chocolate frosting, and I love school and have a general fondness for work, this won’t work if I switch roles.
What if this cheater was destroying other lives/marriages all while keeping his/her own spouse in the dark?
I'll pin my faith, my all in Him,
Jaikob was obsessed with "moos" (camels)
On a side note, My favorite quote is...
As soon as Jack was old enough to leave school empty handed of any qualifications, he promptly enlisted into the army. That was the first of many mistakes that he would come to make in his adult life. He became a Gulf War veteran and contracted the syndrome that plagued some of the squaddies who had come back alive from Operation Desert Storm. But on his return Jack was still being bullied by his superior, a large meat-headed shit known to his privates as Corporal Bastard. The usual idiotic shenanigans of heads held down the toilet and flushed were de rigueur and it went on because the officers still turned a blind eye to that sort of entertainment.
Darkmoon Dancing Bear – 180 Darkmoon Tokens
In many children with amblyopia, only one eye has a focusing problem or weak muscles. In order to force the affected eye to work, the doctor will cover the strong eye with a patch for most of the day for at least several weeks. Sometimes, this treatment requires as long as a year.
I collect pigs, ornement type not real ones, lol...So when i came across this piggy topper, of course i had to have it..lol.. She is a Digital delight image and you can get her here. Well to pretty to be a boy..lol..
What are you reading right now?
I could...and pieced it together in about 4 spots.
There are many families who visit there each year. There are many people who visit from different states and countries. But our tradition is all our own. For one thing, though we plan the evening we're going to visit well in advance of a weather forecast, it is often the coldest night of our entire stay. This year, the temperatures were quite mild for December, but the night we went? Cold and in the 40's. And after viewing the big tree and the state tree and watching the trains for a while, there's usually ice cream. You really can't go wrong with a traditional night out that involves ice cream, can you?
Over the past few days I’ve given passengers the background of the ship (all in first person, of course, from Tessa’s point of view). I’ve shared information about the staterooms, and I’ve tantalized folks with menus from the various dining rooms. I’ve also provided activities for the children. (Side note: I’ve opened this group to homeschool families, and many children have already boarded. With that in mind, I put together a full document of activities that families can use to teach their kiddos about the Titanic. I encouraged other participants to add to the activities list, so the document has grown a lot!)
“Car keys?” – Check!
gone.
Please Please Me
Quick side note: I am waiting until PayPal verifies the account before I can accept donations. Kudos to The Angry Lurker for his as-of-yet-unregistered donation!
Heading to Cincinnatti today for the fourth...in town for a convention this week...more on this in a minute. Anyway, thinking back on those fourth of July's past. I remember it was cool to blow things up. Back in the 1900's we had these things called M80's. Little sticks of dynamite that could overturn a Tonka Truck and take a Barbie's arm clean off (yes...I did that). We also had real fire crackers...don't find them much any more...now we're stuck with smoke bombs and sparklers and those come covered with warnings. Also remember flags flying everywhere. I like the American flag...reminds me of how blessed I am to have been born and to live in the USA. While we're at it, i remember countless 4th hotdogs (is there anything more American) which just seem to taste better on this day...there was an occasional parade, and swimming (or hoses in the back yard for us more ghetto inclined - I actually prefer running through the sprinkler). Of course, the day ended in some park in Indy watching fireworks with about 4,000 strangers and patriotic music. I don't think we have another day when Americans seem more unified...even had some homeless guys wish me "happy fourth of July" on my run this morning.
2010, and had run only four times when he went under the hammer at Doncaster sales that April to settle an account, being knocked down to Kristian Strangeway, now head of the syndicate in whose name he now runs, for £15,000. He had advertised his ability the day before he went through the ring with a third place at Wetherby in another novices’ contest and confirmed his promise three weeks later at Sedgefield with a runner-up spot on his handicap debut. His first victory came over an extended three miles at Wetherby in May, a course and distance success repeated in June. He had the pace to win over two miles on the Flat at Carlisle in July last year and showed his aptitude over extreme distances when he took a three-and-a-half mile handicap chase at Haydock in November. He is the first of his modest maternal family in four generations to shine on a racecourse; his dam All Things Nice failed to win either under Rules or in point-to-points, his grand-dam Penny’s Affair won a point-to- point, his great-grand-dam Tuppeny Fair was unraced and her dam Tenpenny failed to score on the Flat or over jumps. His unfashionable sire Sovereign Water was giver few opportunities and Neptune Equester, bred by Gloucestershire point-to-point enthusiast Jo Daniell, is one of his best performers, now rated higher than Supreme Charm, fifth in the Grand National ten years ago. Race Record: Starts: 25; Wins: 5; 2nd: 3; 3rd: 3; Win & Place Prize Money: £57,747
Rent a Motorcycle And Tour Through Europe In The Summer
For the past many weeks, the Saturday Scream Queens profile of "Resident Evil"-star Sienna Guillory has been sporting the picture immediately below. Although I think that looks like Sienna Guillory, I have been misleading literally tens of thousands of Googlers.
Looking around the loft, he notices that she’s a photographer. She tells him that she worked for him before, taking his photo for Double X magazine. Young Ho assumes that she must be super busy; from taking photos to writing the column. Does she even have time to eat? Tan Ya confesses that she’s not Sofia but luckily it’s not that important to him. She tells him her real name as he’s only known her by Sofia. Young Ho squirms from the heat of the therapy and she cautions him to stay still. Viewing him in a different light, Tan Ya acknowledges that Young Ho can be quite sexy. He doesn’t care. What’s the use of looking sexy when he can’t *ahem* get it up? Lol. Men only care about one thing. She slaps him saying that the problem is all in his head and he needs to work on his confidence if he wants to fix the other issue. He wonders if moxa therapy will really work and she prescribes him to do this once a week for his circulation. 100,000 won (approx. $100) for each time he comes. He’s all in as he wants to see this therapy through.
SM performance director Beat Burger collaborated to create the choreogrpahy for EXO‘s debut single ‘MAMA‘.
Sorry I've been away from the blogging world for a couple of weeks. There has been a bit going on again here at Casa Bliss and I've felt like my blogging Mojo was not quite here.
November 2003 – July 2004 (Contract Work)
- He has worked with a fabric designer and produced scarves.
3. Nothing beats an old black & white movie and a margarita pizza.
In a medium bowl, toss the pepitas with olive oil and use our hands to coat well. Season with chili powder, red cayenne pepper, cumin and sea salt. Use your hands to coat each seed. Taste for seasoning and adjust as needed. Bake for 5 minutes. Watch carefully to avoid burning the seeds. Let cool.
Hi everyone!! It's time for the May Our Daily Bread Designs Scrapbook Challenge!! May is usually a busy month with college graduations, school winding down for the summer, and many school year activities having their closing ceremonies and award programs. A lot of times we may feel that we're running in circles. So for May, we decided to challenge you to a sketch challenge with a "twist". Your challenge for May is to create a layout of any size using Our Daily Bread Designs stamps and the sketch below.
Finally, Pere Ubu tried to sell out. Pere. Ubu. The band whose only constant was an ex-critic who used to call himself Crocus Behemoth and who looks like an Oliver Hardy after five weeks of severe cognitive dissonance... tried to sell out. They moved to Fontana Records and put out three or four pop albums. THEY MADE VIDEOS. They thought, what do succesful pop musicians do in 1987? They make videos. Which is how David Thomas (the living, not-as-famous one) ended up windmilling his bulk across the eyeballs of an America that was, uh, not ready for it. Not even the people who watched "120 Minutes" were ready for it. Every time the video for "Waiting for Mary" came on, five minutes later there would be a spike in calls to emergency respondants as people assumed that their pot had been tainted with meth. Oh, and that video? It's recently been removed from Youtube... none dare call it conspiracy, or even revisionism.
I am pleased you are here and look forward to working with you to complete Method 1 and get you going on Method 2!
But the method I think works best, is to do what people like Taylor Swift and Avril Lavigne have done, which is to get insanely famous and then writing a hit single about what they missed out on.
Prepopped bags:
What you get: 1 x Table 2 x Wall Art
Rogers, E. M. (2003). Diffusion of innovations (5th ed.). New York: Free Press.
BALDWINSVILLE, NY — A Nova Scotia brewery that has been around for 191 years finally has entered the United States, via New York.
Approval will be granted towards the end of the year (2006) on the site bounded by Chapel Hill, Manchester Road and The River Colne, providing agreement can be reached on how much developers will pay towards the cost of road improvements around the site.
And it's not your mother, there's no guilt trip involved.
TOTAL 11,872
i'd been mentioning it for quite some time so he surprised me with it. i know it doesn't sound glamorous, but im excited to make baird's baby food from scratch. much healthier and much cheaper!
Once I'd been asked to leave the DM agency I went stalking around London with this fucking razor sharp axe to grind. Here I was being rejected by the very industry that I thought I was doing a major favour by joining in the first place. I had, however, discovered recruitment consultants, headhunters. I love advertising recruitment consultants, you can have as many of them as you like, you don't have to pay them a brass penny and they will hunt down work for you like a pack of slavering bloodhounds because they are desperate, just desperate for their cut. This is purely cultural - if you compare this system with the one actors have, where they have one agent with whom they maintain an exclusive contract, you can quickly see the advantage of a market that works in your favour. Actors, being predominantly left-wing, have never worked this out. But nice union chaps, well done on that.
It was a beast. On a positive note, it had a sweet, gritty texture; lemony, floral notes; and was chockablock with ingredients like coconut shavings.
I’m face-to-face with your beautiful throbbing stiffness—flicking the tip with my taut tongue. How does that feel, Baby?
For me, the questioning of the education system--something so close to the hearts of so many people, something almost universally heralded as an amazing achievement for a democratic country, and the best way to Get An Education--and the realization that it was not only not the best option, but something truly horrible to inflict on the vast majority of youth, really startled me, and led me to start questioning all the other rarely examined or thought about aspects of society.
1. Navel oranges, .49/lb. at Sprouts and Sun Harvest (through 3/30/11)
“There was some one thing that was too great for God to show us when he walked upon our earth; and I have sometimes fancied that it was his mirth.”
6. V.
The best argument that your most ardent supporters/defenders in our community can muster is that you are acting out of political expediency and that you have done more than any other President has ever done for our community; let us take a closer look at those claims. The former argument serves as an apt explanation of why most people use the term “politician” as a slur. The latter argument is easily dismissed by the progress of history and that is due to the real world sacrifices of activists, people of moral conviction, and elected officials like Governor Cuomo who have honestly served our community, the people of New York, our Nation and World consciousness.
The colours were the thing, really; green of the baths, red of Asher’s hair, white uniforms and ceilings and snow, orange, blue… the scarred and peeling walls sometimes recalling those beautiful Armenian and Azerbaijani arthouse films – “Colour of Pomegranates”, for example. The bits I remembered from 1970 were the Tube journey with the life-size nude-ish cutout of Asher and the shock ending; won’t spoil it, in case it comes out on DVD.
we can feel the melancholy.
Once the fondant is done, coat it with crisco and tightly wrap it in cellophane, twice. Then put it is a ziplock bag and squeeze the extra air out. Fondant can sit at room temp for a few days like this.
"Uh, be a goat who butts everybody except Mercy."
Two alien spaceships crash into each other, (yes, you heard me, alien spaceships) and some manner of spacey type generator thing from one of the ships falls into the Bermuda Triangle (yup, that’s alien spaceships and the Bermuda Triangle). Said super spacey device is, it turns out, powered by magic space crystals,(space crystals, people!) which strangely enough have a devastating effect on the local sharks making them go all extra mental and kill crazed that. Mental, crystal crazed sharks attack then proceed to attack an underwater research lab, cleverly and systematically cutting out the power and oxygen because, naturally, space crystals make them smarter than your average shark. Fortunately for humanity, the Navy sends specialists to rescue the scientists trapped inside, however, little do they know there is already a covert black-ops team within the lab that have their own nefarious agenda. So essentially all Steven Spielberg’s early films sliced up and shaken around in the wacky pot until they congeal into one giant ball of craziness; Heck yeah, Nu Image!
Republicanism is a British obsession. An independent Wales will have no royal family! Republicanism is not a Welsh Nationalist issue!
I’d quote Ralph Waldo emerson..
Changeling by Phillipa Gregory (Chapter Sampler)
But it can also be read like this…
He, however, refused to draw parallels between Nano car manufactured by Tata Motors and the 500-euro house by Tata Steel, saying that the market segments are different.
God bless the people who really know what love and sacrifice is, not the selfish people of the world.
As I have nothing else to vent, share, or tell you about, I will close for now and come back with the big prom share later today or tomorrow. See ya.
“NO! Quiet!
This morning it was a public service ad on the back of a bus: "Don't shake your baby!" And, you know, feed it and like that. Or if you shake your baby and forget feeding time, at least have a good talk while you're shaking and forgetting. It's never too early to start developing good parenting skills.
To read a wide-ranging exchange between five scholars on current events in Mali (Isaie Dougnon of U. of Bamako, Bruce Hall of Duke, Baz Le Cocq of U. of Ghent, Greg Mann of Columbia, and me), see the transcript on the African Arguments website.
9. I really would rather like a banjo, and I'm not quite sure why.
The photos don't do much justice to this, but I actually got compliments from random strangers on this outfit. Well, okay, just the waitresses at one of our local restaurants who sees us frequently. Hubby thinks she has a crush on me. I'll still take the compliments.
Let’s take a look at what Nvidia has brought to the table this time around.
Having wild weekends
1 cup good mayonnaise, approximately
Perhaps Malcolm mentioned 5046 South Greenwood Avenue, in conversation or in writing? To Stanley Ann, perhaps?
26.Grown Ups-Surprise Party
Let me just tell you now. I usually roll through the pages on Etsy fairly quickly. If I see something I like I usually don't realize it until I'm on the next page and then I have to go back, but this bracelet stopped me dead in my tracks. I've never seen something quite this stunning before. This bracelet could make any outfit go from ordinary to amazing. Please take the time to go click on the link and look at the stunning pictures of the bride wearing this bracelet. If I had $95 and I didn't already have a gift of a bracelet to wear on my wedding day I would have picked this hands down. This is breathtaking.
Luke: Oh, father. sighs Well, I guess that means more Samoas for me.
If I had a dime for every time I heard that MLSP and iLead System are “too complicated”, well it would be a lot of dimes.
My Stryker don’t stop for nothing in its path.
Here’s a long-shot of part of her library:Check out that conastoga wagon thing with the electric cord and plug coming from it. What the hell is that? A crazy lamp? A plug-in Wagon Train playset? Price doesn’t ask her.
Domino's Pizza in France (coincidentally run by an Aussie friend of mine) is the biggest pizza chain in the country. It saw sales rise by 12 percent last year.
Then, with personalities that are consistent, honest, and courteous, we must engage and comment both faithfully and consistently. Remember that, by and large, and regardless of what your interlocutor says, you are engaging with a culture that is composed of spiritual infants. And so in our comments we will rarely move beyond the milk of our faith. But what that means is that we must know that milk inside and out. You must be able to articulate the basic essentials of the Christian faith repeatedly and clearly. Learn your creeds. Know your scriptures. Remember that because qualifications and experience are irrelevant, consistency is our best weapon. Never tire of the basics. And remember, as well, that you are writing as much for other people who read what you say as you are for the individual with whom you are having your particular conversation.
It was then I realized that we were somehow living vicariously through one another, and that for our relationship to survive, my secret could never be revealed.
But that’s not the case. Access to family doctors and specialists remains inadequate in much of the country. Common shared infrastructure, such as roads, bridges and sewers, is crumbling and requires every dollar Canadian taxpayers can afford. And businesses aren’t investing enough in productive R&D.
“She’s your toy ladies and gents – go enjoy her”
Electrical Upgrade
He was about my height (5'10") and wore a short sleeve plaid button up. His smile was the most endearing thing I'd seen all week.
1/2 cup mayonnaise
Heat a medium- large skillet over low heat. Add olive oil and garlic chips. Throw in 2 chicken breasts, salting and peppering each side, turning every 3 minutes or so. You want a golden brown sear on each side, with garlic chips sticking to the chicken. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to boil with 1 tsp. of salt added.
all that was left was taking time to cut some fresh flowers from the garden.
When it comes down to it. Between paying bills, boozing, reading, eating food, the never ending journey between Leeds and Wetherby, writing this blog, drinking copious coffees…I feel that that this is all my life amounts to currently. It’s so boring. I might as well just work all the time or go back to acid adventures?
Anyway, it's Cannibal Corpse-- it's death metal at its best.
I fly home today to be with my family for the holidays and I can't wait. I would like to wish everyone a very merry Christmas and a wonderful New Year!
Door Decorating Contest
Bry and I hardly ever celebrated Valentine's day before children. Sure, there were a few nice dinners here or there, the occasional card or candy or cupcake, but nothing really over the top.
1 entrance
I had a hunch something wasn’t quite right when I heard the dull thud on the roof of the car, as I accelerated down the freeway, heading to the airport to pick up my mum.
-A grain of wheat has a “vision” of reproducing itself and many more grains of wheat (birth). The grain dies in the ground (death). A harvest springs up out of the very process of “death” in the ground (fulfillment).
The uniforms, he predicts after a peek, will be better.
The more recently published CDC studies (ADDMN, 2007a, b) highlighted by Autism Speaks feature children born in 1992 and 1994. Again, virtually all would have been diagnosable as autistic by 10 years ago, and prevalence in this population was reported as ~1 in 150.
The steak was delicious, the frites were sinfully good and the BN just kept flowing. Not even the sight of a few ample-bellied, red-faced, extra-large human heart-attacks at nearby tables was enough to put us off our feast. We were in the throes of a BN bacchanalia - what's a few hardened arteries between friends?
Giovanni Tiso / The Canto of Ulysses / 84
ideas and more we hope you'll enjoy each and
I have a lovely little competition for you on this fine morn.
In Ditched someone gets a “punk tinkerbell” tattoo. If you had a crazy night what tattoo would you be afraid to wake up with?
Et aspergatur aqua benedicta.
Today it was 91 degrees! Where is winter? I want to dress in humongous plaid coats and black boots and walk around thinking about snow and boys. BUT NO! nooooo , it's summer still apparently. And I have to leave my windows wide open at night, looking out onto the beachwood hills, pitch black, the tiniest noises scaring the living daylights out of me. If anyone would have a coyote jump into their room at 4am it would be me.
Travelling through the forests and jungles of Vietnam is amazingly like watching the films I so loved in my youth. You almost expect hueys to come panelling over the horizon and hard bitten GI's to start shouting shit about DANANG and LV'S!
Now it's worth stating at this point that there are lots of worthwhile things in this world that are not scientifically testable. Your Volgi summed this up in a neat little package, while discussing Rousseau huffing intellectuals:
"That's too bad Christine. You deserve so much". Is all I manage?
Eagle Ford shale in South Texas, 300 wells in the Permian Basin in West Texas and up to 30 wells in North Texas’ Barnett shale. “Everyone is going to have to cast aside the old thoughts and the old assumptions of domestic fossil fuels being in short supply,” he said. “That’s simply not the case anymore.”
I present to you our completed, never touching it ever again for as long as I live, island:
The Board found AOL's evidence "impressive," because it "shows not only a significant amount of proper trademark use but also trademark recognition by customers, publishers, and third parties." The Board concluded that the record lacked "clear evidence" that the relevant public primarily uses or understands INSTANT MESSENGER to refer to the genus of the services.
Perhaps your husband has already shut down and closed himself off from you. Maybe you’ve unknowingly trod his tender heart.
Gala Apple, Raw Almonds, Sundrops - July 20
Iván Meade - What is your design process?
I’m thankful for the following; therefore, they’re fab:
Welcome to Sports Yolk! An interactive blog that focuses on everything happening
1 hayyei
We live in a word of duality and opposites. We can see from nature, that what goes up also comes down; that if there is night, there is also day; hot counters cold; that which opens can also close; that which resists can also flow. Why then are people so surprised to find that those in the limelight have darker sides just as we do? Why do we hold such high hopes for people to only have light and be without dark?
At age 9, Priscilla, an adorable yet precocious little girl, tells her single-father, Jesse,: “I am going to become a rapper and fulfill your dreams of succeeding in the music business.” Moved by Priscilla’s passion and impressed with her natural talent and undeniable charisma, he begins to teach “P-Star” all he knows about rapping.
A Bend in the Road (2001)
The great power that God worked in Christ when He raised Him from the dead is the same creative power of God that worked in you to make you alive when you were dead in your trespasses and sins. The moment you made Jesus Christ the Lord of your life, that same power was exercised on your dead, unregenerate spirit, causing it to be reborn in the likeness of God Himself. Any man who is in Christ Jesus is a new creation: old things have passed away, all things are new, and all things are of God
4 tbsp castor sugar
It would be better if we could be more specific about the things we hate. Clearly we hate having to clean up after a toileting accident for example. Make it clear though, it's about US, the parents, not the children.
Love is not dependent upon fame, social status, financial wealth or others’ opinions of you. Love is not crusading for your beliefs or proselytizing. Love does not require understanding mystical spiritual teachings or karmic components of experiencing or the continuum that encompasses all time and space simultaneously or the laws of the universe.
Then I put them in pint jars and water bath them for a half hour.
Daydreaming is often categorized as “fantasizing”. The main difference between the two words is that a daydream has the “possibility” of becoming real, while the word “fantasy” has been designated the energy of “not real”.
Another way is to confer to others a range of possible thoughts or motives, and to be intentional when we treat them as if their motives are the noblest ones.
Luthuli, 34, is the breadwinner for his two children and fiancée. He has worked for Transnet as an electrical fitter for the past seven years.
The whole place has been so cleverly converted, it really is squeezed into a tiny place and over-looked by terraced houses and an office block. But the relaxed vibe, friendliness and charm - I loved the 'boudoir' equipped with straighteners and hairdryers - and the little details such as the swimming caps with funny messages written on them, will definitely see me return as much as my pennies will allow!
However extravagant, also shy,
You can access the relocating basic services customer service information from the www.USpromodeals.com Relocating page. You may find for basic services by city or address. We suggest inputting your whole address in the address field, as many utilities and telecom services are available in one location of a city, but not another. When in doubt, call the contact line and speak to a customer service representative about the utilities and telecom services to assure that the service will meet your needs.
from solar panels to Radio Flyer Wagons went to China, Mexico, and other countries where child labor at 50¢ per hour for 12 hours a day, 7 days a week, can create products for minimum corporate expense. It will be extremely difficult to bring jobs back, but without changing the law so that tax breaks go to those who remain in America to carry out manufacturing and not to those who rob us of jobs and send the production overseas.
I had to be very careful around my children for a long time. I don't know how many times a day that I would go and lock myself in my bathroom and cry. I didn't wank my boys to see me crying all of the time. There were many times that I just couldn't hold it back, and they still would see me crying. Doing the dishes, laundry, driving in the car, etc.
like to write in the first person so that my narrator’s (and readers’) perception of another character can evolve. It’s happened to us all. The first impression of someone can be absolutely wrong. I have dear friends who I didn’t click with immediately and made fast friends only to discover that our connection wasn’t sustainable.
Not the worst I have ever seen from an author solutions service, certainly far from the best. Their example suggests a retail price above average for a paperback. This is in line with print on demand technology and the relayed mark-ups from the provider/service.
THANKS FOR STICKING IT OUT WITH ME.
Pink reminds us of the promise,
At 40p a unit, the two packs would have to cost a minimum of £37.30.
A vicar who helped carry out nearly 250 sham marriages, pocketing £30,000 in proceeds, was called ‘disgraceful’ and ‘greedy’ by a judge yesterday. The Rev Brian Shipsides, 56, was jailed for four and a half years for arranging bogus ceremonies for African nationals to marry European citizens so they could stay in Britain (cont)
Parking sticker acquired at the offsite staging area and we are ready to go!
She didn’t know much about the trip — until recently — and didn’t know much about her father, only that he was an athletic young man and that people thought highly of him.
“Americais becoming an increasingly multicultural society. The At Home with Diversity certification is an excellent way to help provide more homeownership opportunities to people who might otherwise be closed out of the market,” said Burch. “Realtors build communities one house at a time, and my goal is to help home buyers of all backgrounds achieve the American dream of homeownership.”
A couple of weeks ago, I had to be in Stratford on Avon for a meeting, and it occurred to me to contact potter and blogger Matt Grimmit, who lives in Evesham, not too many miles further on.
And again, I know he will, in time...But because that time is not now, it stings a little.
If уоu should nеed expedited hard drive data recovery services, a dedicated technician wіll be assigned to repair уour drive. The technician will work оn thе drive untіl thе data recovery is complete, аnd аs commonly noted thiѕ process of wіll normallу cut yоu turnaround time in half.
Published May 1…”The Lola Quartet is a work that pays homage to literary noir, is concerned with jazz, Django Reinhardt, economic collapse, love, Florida’s exotic wildlife problem, crushing tropical heat, the leavening of the contemporary world, compulsive gambling, and the unreliability of memory.
As Cape Coral – Fort Myers goes, so goes the real estate market? Southwest Florida, in particular the twin cities of Cape Coral and Fort Myers home markets, was the first to boom in the early 2000’s, the first to bust in the mid 2000’s and now in the twenty-teens the first to climb back into a recovering, healthy market. We’ve said it a thousand times and will say it again: all real estate is local. What is happening in Las Vegas, Seattle, or Destin is far different from the price points, inventory, and selling trends here in Southwest Florida.
During her final third-hour weather forecast, Maria concluded her segment with a “Today’s Severe Threat” map (with the effected area looking eerily like an erect phallus).* As she tossed back to the F&FW co-hosts, Juliet Huddy giggled and Clayton suggestively remarked, “That graphic” before adding after a pregnant pause “Loch Ness, or Loch Ness monster.” Joining in the fun, Dave racily jested, “Or something!” Embarrassed, Maria chuckled and shook her head: with a twinkle in her eye, she put her left hand on her hip and arched her left eyebrow at the naughty lads.
There are only a few days to go for you to participate in the survey from which the third Taylor Wessing Global Intellectual Property Index (GIPI3) will be compiled. For those readers who are not familiar with this extremely useful piece of research, the Taylor Wessing GIPI3 team explains:
So you can finally be proud
· Marc Geiger, head of music, William Morris Endeavor
The Almighty God will raise you up.
4. shopping
“You constantly need to move forward and be able to expand your business. It’s what the shareholders demand.”
However, Cinderella has a beautiful gift. Her words stay in peoples minds and make them re-think their actions. (remember Ep.1 when she says something to YG and changes his working style with one finger flip?)
AND - the secretary's name is Miss Chicken, so you know she's probably not long for this world:
*David Shannon
are filled with images of her sitting at her
84-85 Sentinel (guard) DRAGON 89
»Scene 1 – Carly and Spencer just arrived home«
Cadbury eggs!
From the hot, sandy beaches to the crumbled, torn-up sidewalks, experiencing SE Asia is a challenge to even the healthiest feet! The concrete in Bangkok goes on forever. But in Malaysia, it’s a miracle to walk down any sidewalk without falling in a hole or tripping on an uneven sidewalk. Penang is simply the worst – I could never look up when walking in Penang – I always had to look at the sidewalk! The holes and loose bricks and uneven walkways were a constant threat! And the feel of icy cold water everywhere during Songkran in Chiang Mai – wow! The winner though, hands down, is the feeling of motion here. The ferries, trains, buses and minivans are not for the faint of heart! Dramamine is my friend!!
BWCMZ Blog (bwcmzblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
....this is my number one time-suck right now. I watch endless episodes of NCIS on CLOO or USA. It was so intense for a while that when my bedroom TV was disconnected while we were renovating the bedroom (yes, I know, completed photos to come), I had some serious withdrawal from not being able to watch it before heading to bed.
So I saw the new Clash of the Titans this weekend. This was a movie I was actually looking forward to. Unlike many genre fans, I do not get upset at the prospect of Hollywood remakes. I could care less honestly... whatever they wanna do works for me. I don't have to go see it if it looks shit... and a lot of them do.
Click their names (and winner's name) to go directly to their sweet creations.
Pose me a query, pass me a prompt ... throw me a frickin meme, here, people? 'Cuz I got nothin'.
1 cup green beans, chopped
70 Belgian breweries represented at the fest.
It is very possible for you to take a set of PLR articles and come up with an ebook, for which you can credit yourself as the author.
Adorned with butterflies & bling.
Maybe you could say she took the lemons life gave her and made lemonade!
I used to grab the evening newspaper in the local shop in Walkinstown on the way home from work during the 1980’s. The shop would always be packed with kids buying gobstoppers—huge balls of hard-coated chewing gum. The shopkeeper, Michael, insisted placing the five or ten gobstoppers they got for their few pence into a small brown paper bag. The kids just wanted to pay their money, grab the gobstoppers and head off into the summer sunshine outside. Michael would insist that each kid waited until he put the gobstoppers in a brown bag from a large plastic container he kept on a high shelf. If any kid protested about the delay, he would always say:
it's actually printed/stitched onto the back of an old
Anderson Valley Winter Solstice (California), a spiced winter warmer with warming vanilla notes. Pair with pumpkin pie.
Of all Italian dishes the one that has gained maximum fans is the pasta especially macaroni. While pasta by itself is not as unhealthy as is generally touted, a lot depends on the variety used and how it is cooked. If one uses pasta made of refined flour or even durum wheat the nutritional value is naturally lowest in the former case and comparatively better in the latter. Cooking the pasta swathed in layers of cheese and served with preserved sauce obviously is as high in fat as it is in taste and ends up being junk. There are healthier options of whole wheat pasta or multi-grain pasta available in most shops these days. I buy Ogran's buckwheat pasta and find that the end product is better in flavour as well as taste as compared to durum wheat pasta but then I resorted to the substitution quite early, so I could be biased here! Today's dish however is made of lasagne sheets from barilla (made of durum wheat and semolina) as I have still not been able to find multi-grain lasagne sheets in my area.
2099.***E-IX/27/2001. On limiting the duration of the proposed security measures. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-20.)
A grand ideal, overarching theme, or noble philosophy that represents a coherent paradigm within which individuals as well as societies can shape and adapt to unfolding circumstances — yet offers a way to expose flaws of competing or adversary systems. Such a unifying vision should be so compelling that it acts as a catalyst or beacon around which to evolve those qualities that permit a collective entity or organic whole to improve its stature in the scheme of things.
Well, these three did not turn out quite like I had hoped. The stones are called Sonora Sunrise jasper and I knew their colors were a little too fantastic to be natural. They are dyed and I just found out that they change color with heat. Dern it!
The lengths parents will go to in order to attempt to right the wrongs, and make the bad better for their children.........
my clumsy shyness grew less; alone
I write because I love to write. I’ve written since I could first string two sentences together. I love to craft a good story, I love to try and make that story the best I can – I enjoy the challenge, I thrive on using my intellect and exercising my creativity. I’ve realized that while it would be deeply cool to be published, and that it would bring a whole lot of new experiences and new learnings (and what is life without new learnings – it’s how we grow), I also know it won’t kill me if I’m not published. Sure, I would love my stories to go into the world – and I believe if they are meant to, they will. I accept that if my getting published is meant to be, it will be. If it doesn’t happen, it wasn’t meant to, and while I am trying, it’s a helluva ride and I love it. As Master Oogway says, there are no accidents; in other words, everything is as it should be in this moment – even if it doesn’t seem to make much sense.
But it does pose this question, have you ever placed restrictions on your partner while you've been pregnant? I'm not about to go outside and tell him to get his butt back inside, but I'd kinda like too! What have you requested your partner change/miss out on while you are/were pregnant?
Your eyes are deep as the Devon springs,
Like the excellent Pale Ale Cascade I had earlier this year, anticipation was high.
So, here is Sunday's card ....
Elizabeth tightened her grip on the reins. As if they weren’t late enough already! (consider removing the exclamation mark) She had to get to the Tower, they didn’t even know if Will had reached London alive. All innkeepers had looked blank when she described him, can you rephrase? When she described him to innkeepers all they did was look at her blankly, although she saw two of them watching her afterwards with an expression of pity although two watched her closely, eyes full of pity.
With that said, I signed up for an Etsy shop workshop this weekend for tips and tricks to make my shop work. I also have a couple backlogged webinars I need to view which I'm going to aim to get around to this weekend. There's also an upcoming marketing workshop next weekend and debating on that. Maybe I'm getting a little too ahead of myself? Quite possible.
James Sometimes UK
The KDA’s Craft membership is available to licensed Kentucky distillers that maintain an inventory of less than 25,000 barrels of distilled beverage spirits, according to KDA President Eric Gregory. “Craft distilleries bring a unique perspective on issues that affect our industry because they’re small businesses,” Gregory said. “Yet they’re an important part of our growth, and we’re thrilled that many are choosing Kentucky, the authentic home for Bourbon, to launch their business.”
Taste the rain on my lips
- Malvern Snow Peas
I actually take better care of my running shoes then any of my other shoes too - only wear them for the work outs, unlace the shoes, box them up afterwards. Its kinda odd my obsession with them.
They then looked for evidence of what was causing this change. Specifically, they looked for a chemical effect called methylation, which is known to act as a “gene switch”.
Scalloped capital. A development of the block or cushion capital in which the single lunette on each face is elaborated into one or more truncated cones.
Zabriskie certainly is reverent of its setting - the Los Angeles parts reminded me of nothing so much as Ed Ruscha's early work, and are some of the most realistic depictions of L.A. city streets I've ever seen. The desert scenes are absolutely gorgeous, and if you're lucky, like I was, you'll see them on the big screen. Zabriskie is also reverent of its subject, the hippie/countercultre movement, even if it stands somewhat at a distance from it. I've seen a ton of films from and on the sixties, and I've got to say that Zabriskie just feels right - whether Antonioni is letting the camera move slowly around a campus revolutionary meeting or capturing a desert love-in, the atmosphere is tangible. A good thing, too, since the script is nothing to speak of (possibly because no less than 5 writers had a part in it), and the performances aren't any better.
I must have looked a bit shocked because Sonshine shot upstairs and returned in his jeans and sweatshirt.
DOGHOUSE BOOKS invite you to the launch of "The Angels' Share" by Barbara Smith to be launched by Enda Coyle-Greene, poet. Venue: The Basement Gallery, Dundalk Town Council, Crowe Street, Dundalk, Co. Louth. Time: 6pm. Admission: free. All are welcome.
5. Mix until you have a nice pliable ball of dough.
We wanted to say we climbed El Cap.
While driving, he got a call, saying that the Young Mens activity that he thought was at night, was actually at 1pm. Sigh. It was almost noon now. There wasn't time for both. SO, we headed to Big Lots to buy a gift for Joe's friends b-day party, picked up some Burgers from Burger King, and headed back home.
Now, this evening may go one of three ways. It all depends on external variables. But I’ll be leaving it all to chance. I wonder how it’ll turn out.
The only reason why the rss-vhp- bajrangdal- shivsena stopped bothering Muslims is because many Muslim groups & youth are associated underworld,etc with the help of Pakistan Army & ISI began retaliating with bombs.
We thanked him for his support. We can be two-faced, when it serves us, I guess. But, man, that left a bad taste in my mouth. I'm glad I don't make my living as a lobbyist.
I just lost my job, my rent has gone up $100 each month and now have other "surprises" coming at me after my divorce. My loss is your gain! I paid $65 for the threads, material and shipping for the items needed for Mary Praying. I am asking $50 or best offer, including shipping. It's still in the original packaging from 123 Stitch.
Baseball: Mariners
I've got another NAS sketch for you! I changed this sketch a little by adding another photo and flipping the main elements from the left to the right side.
I think it is a good idea to subscribe to such a newsletter. Just go to a Marriage and Relationship website that you think is good and subscribe to their daily newsletter if they have one. It will serve as a good daily reminder on how you should act and react as a wife.
That is definitely not a sign of blight, but it does speak to either another disease or to nutrient deficiencies. Whoever said that tomatoes are the easiest garden plant to grow was an idiot.
…. hypothetical past situations?
Yeh it has finally come to pass - what on earth is she on about I hear you ask? Well my lovely blogging friends I now have a craft room!!!! Which means I can now join in with What's On Your Workdesk Wednesday - I have looked at some fine desks and have been jealous for too long. So here it is .................
Eighth Category: “Human Nature.” The fact that this book was written in the early 80’s didn’t allow Adler to be familiar with the term multiculturalism, but he was shooting down the stupidity of that dumb idea long before it took hold. Human beings are human beings and their nature does not change by race, culture, time, or upbringing and this means that rights are the same and inalienable for everyone, they do not change for any other group. Also, he tears apart those ideas of PETA in raising animals to the value of humans.
Mix all the Above ingredients and Fry in the Oil and Drain them in the tissue Paper and keep it aside.
Much of the weekend was spent completing the final red pencil edit of the physical manuscript of the last draft of the screenplay for “Q” before beginning to input the pages into my Final Draft software, a process that commenced this afternoon.
There are so many yummy recipes that I want to try. There is the Pomegranate Brisket (which sounds intriguing and a new twist to the boring, old meat dish), Strawberry Glazed Chicken (perfect for the summer as fruit comes into season), Moroccan Chicken, Mint and Honey Baked Salmon (definitely trying as I like salmon and I have tried it with brown sugar and sour cream with lemon pepper). Of course not on the same piece of salmon.
Leaving was just another issue. We couldn't even find the stairs for a couple minutes, because people were sitting on them like they were seats. We crawled over all these angry Koreans so we could get out of the stadium, and then we just all stood there and laughed about it together. It was so wild! I'm pretty used to the crowds here but this was just overkill. I couldn't believe it. We ended up heading to grab some food and just hang out and talk. It was still a fun adventure to look back on, even if it was extremely frustrating at the time. I know next time to go about 2 hours early or so in order to get an actual seat....just another lesson learned in Korea.
Christmas brought good news for GOP presidential contender Mitt Romney, who is holding on to his double digit lead in the critical early primary state of New Hampshire.
The president's prestige also affects him more immediately, because he often wants things directly from members of the public, whether votes for himself and his allies or private actions that further his policies (for example, union members' cooperation with Truman's seizure of the steel mills).
As adults, Pat and Scott are still both obsessed with aviation, with Scott designing an aircraft which the two of them build on the cheap, helped by Peggy – who encourages and works with them despite her memories of her father’s death. A businessman backs the two young men to build their aircraft commercially, but, when the First World War breaks out, Pat (MacMurray) impulsively runs off to France to join the Lafayette Flying Corps. His character is clearly modelled on Wellman, as he becomes famed for his exploits, just as flying ace “Wild Bill” was in real life. Scott (Milland) and Peggy (Campbell) both later serve too, Scott as a fellow-pilot and Peggy as an ambulance driver.
03. Let Me Go (DISGUSTITRON remix)
They get back on the helicopter, but just land again on an even smaller cliff. EXTREMEMEMEMEME.
3:4 – I hadn’t really thought about the Levitical significance of wearing camel’s hear, but it is the basis for Theophylact’s interpretation of these passages.
If I sold 100 copies of two books through YouWriteOn I’d earn £168.10, but by selling 100 copies each of two self-published books I’d earn £308.25. In this instance, self-publishing is a better option by a very nice margin of £140.15.
* The Vanishing of Katharina Linden by Helen Grant
AC: Eh - no comment.
reconsider
Undoubtedly, those who are treated at places like Artress’ hospital in Karatu and the Tanzania Christian Clinic feel a deep sense of gratitude for the treatment and for their return to health. But what a lasting sense of gratitude must come from learning how to prevent further illness and infection. In a place where the patient-to-doctor ratio is a staggering 60,000 to 1, the odds are that a person isn’t going to see a doctor in his/her lifetime. But maybe a neighbor has and maybe that neighbor knows what to do for a skin infection or maybe that neighbor teaches how to wrap a wound to prevent infection. The ripple effects may be small but frequent. In a place where $1.50 can save a life, a little bit of knowledge can save many lives. That’s something for which to be grateful.
A recent Q&A on cover letters stayed near the top of the “most popular” list at the New York Times site for nearly a week. It’s certainly a timely article, with many people (including journalists) on the job market. And yes, those letters still matter in the age of the e-mailed résumé.
1. The impression it made was flat as opposed to that discernible kiss or deep deboss into the paper. My first exposure to a lino block print looked like it may as well have been screenprinted.
It's not been quite a month since my last entry, but close. A lot has gone on since my last post, my mom is now in Rehab/LTC (long term care) here in Alabama. She was moved the Monday after Easter. On Easter I got a call from my stepdad that she had passed her swallow test. That was AMAZING news, as just the day before she failed. While it's still a long road to go down, this is so very positive. They are still working on this at the LTC/Rehab place and plan to do a swallow test today and hopefully get her on a diet of food, not liquid food thru the tube as currently. I pray she passes, not only because I want her to regain functions, but because I think it will help her move forward on healing. I know her body has to be weak, it's been over a month since she had a real meal and she's been complaining of headaches nonstop.
Fulton was way ahead of his time on this one, and the the concept was "a popular subject of ridicule, both in social circles and in the press," according to an 1898 Eagle article recalling the weapon's history.
Becky Thorn has been keeping a secret for more than seven years. A secret that, if found out, could destroy her. So before she gets too ensconced in London society, she accepts a position as a governess for a reclusive Viscount and his wife, far away from the ton.
Here are some fun tidbits for writers who feel stuck even before they start…
For Saul, his spiritual blindness resulted in physical blindness for so we see in Acts 22:11.
Visitor numbers have been up and consequently so have sales. I'm so interested in what sells. Artists and galleries have long wondered whether what sells is as random as the spin of the roulette wheel, or perhaps there is a general trend that the art-loving community is favouring.
Form your lips and please speak the Words with me- "Gut It".
What got me thinking about this all was my day today. Spring has sprung and so I am working on getting the garden in. Today I pulled weeds and planted some flowers and some vegetables.
Due to all the chicken drumsticks I ate at Jay’s birthday party this weekend…. I got to thinking about moral vegetarianism … Not eating stuff because it has to be killed and suffer. And it all goes back to me thinking: At least they don’t comprehend the hell they are in until they got killed. Because it sucks to be raised to be slaughtered.
The dedication I possess is only a fraction of hers and I still have a long way to go. The thing that troubles me is that I could never really thank her for whatever she had done for me, may be due to my ignorance then. Neither did she expect me to do so, nor was I mature enough that time to express it. May be there was a communication gap.
The film begins as Atilla Tanner (Franco) sits at the bedside of Eugenie, who promises to relate her story on condition that Tanner kills her on completion. Tanner, an author who aims to write a biography on the Franval's, agrees and sits back to hear every sordid detail of their life and crimes.
15. Antena - Camino Del Sol
you can easy join them
As a homemaker, keeps everything in order.
I was a bit shocked to look at my all time statistics and find out a post with no comments made it to the top ten posts. It must be the magic word "giveaway". I wonder, would it work the same way if I wrote, say, "dead giveaway"? Because that's what the title of that post is, in relation to its "popularity".
(NB: the below figures relate to criminal suspects for substantive offences – therefore, it does NOT include, s136 Mental Health Act; breach of the peace; court warrants; etc..)
Name of the dish
Our very kind sponsors are ~
The best of East meets West, this design demonstrates the successful combination of minimalist principles seen in traditional Japanese design with the contemporary Australian lifestyle of a typical modern Australian family. The result is simple clean lines paired with warm earthy tones; rich wood finishes married to organic elements and cabinetry artfully arranged to create a balanced, harmoniousand functional kitchen highly sought after by the client.
Beeswax Lip Balm 4.25g
Noteworthy: Will likely get another year of playing time with the rebuilding Astros.
The big blowhard Arnold Schwarzenneger, who as Republican governor of California became a lap-dog for the far left Democrats, is now opining on what's wrong with the Republican Party. According to this blowhard, who quickly sold out every Republican principle as soon as he got to Sacramento, the GOP is "rigidly ideological" and more wedded to dogma than finding solutions to problems. Or so he says in the Los Angeles Times column "GOP, take down that small tent."
Technically, these are street shoes. But I'm taking my teacher, Daniela Arcuri's advice, wearing shoes that fit and do the job well, regardless of the label inside. (Her exact words were, "I don't care if they come from Payless, if they fit well, support you, and slide easily, they work for tango."
And best of all, you’re doing it in the name of the kids. Who’s gonna argue with that?
marketing ideas.
Opalotypes - also known as opal types or milk glass positives - were introduced by Joseph Glover and John Bold of Liverpool, who patented their invention in 1857, but a number of methods of preparation were in common use by the mid-1860s (Towler, 1866; Waldack, 1865). They were made by applying photosensitised emulsion to the surface of an opal glass substrate, usually with a gelatine binder layer. The plate was then exposed to the negative either by contact printing or by use of a specially designed copying camera, and the image developed. The surface of the print was often colour-tinted by hand, and they were often cased in the same way that daguerreotypes and collodion positive portraits (ambrotypes) had been previously. Whitman et al (2007) describe opalotypes being produced until the 1940s, although the process was never very popular, perhaps due to the relatively high cost.
£ s d
At the port light they slow
prepare meringue by whisking egg whites at high speed until it turns foamy
On the subject - Windsor & Eton Brewery have an ambition to have their beers take a place among the most recognised sights in their illustrious town. In my opinion, they are setting their targets far too low, because their beers are just far too good.
Note: For security reasons, we will record your IP-address, the date and time. Deliberate wrong inputs are criminally pursued and indicated.
One of the other 'must see' touristy things in Damascus is Azem Palace. It was built in 1750 for the Ottoman ruler of Damascus called Asad Pasha al Azem.
Once, he would smile. He would laugh. He would take on an optimistic attitude, and face life without worries, but…it doesn’t last long.
Anti-War Stance - He is right. We are ruining our reputation around the world. We must change our foreign policy.
*Kielbasa
Following Gotkowitz’s recent admonition, the best way to analyze the relationship between race (in its various, historically-specific forms), criminal acts, the state, and the Archive is to look at the work that race does in context. And, what work does race do in the jail census?
Have fun every day
When Susan and her husband, Alex, find the perfect Brooklyn apartment for a great price on Craigslist, they don't set their hopes too high. But the place exceeds their expectations - it even has an extra room where Susan can paint. They manage to charm the landlady with the help of their toddler, Emma, and the apartment is theirs.
4. Bring along your laptop or any other work you have to do. Two birds with one stone! Not only are you present for attendance, you get the job done as well.
But it's early days. For now, let's content ourselves with bashing the BBC.
Kyra looked at Mairi. You want to tell them why?
Sister (to the waitress) “Eto na ba yung potato salad nyo?”
The reality is, as can be clearly seen from the numerous Youtube videos of Bersih 2.0, the #bersihstories tag on Twitter and various blog and Facebook postings, it was a peaceful march of Malaysians who cared enough to risk their health and liberty.
Brillat-Savarin: A luscious triple-cream Brie with a truffle from France was devoured with much smacking of the lips.
Nikki’s initial title victory over then-champion Beth Phoenix last week on RAW was an actual wrestling match, one where Beth was defeated with the dreaded roll-up but still managed to carry Nikki through a decent match that ended…wait for it…logically.
a yes? What was the
Western Massachusetts
As I write, the sun is setting over Surrey. It feels good to mention this as it has been a while since we have seen the sun. Isn't it amazing what a difference those warm rays of sunshine can make in your day? Today, it made me stop and think of our remaining time in England. It is hard to believe that we are now counting down...ten weeks to moving day. I have decided to take extra care each day, to really look closely at my surroundings and capture it the best I can.
Yawning...and the baby has now found a piece of paper to entertain her. Energy level seems to be high. Go to sleep my little one. Go to sleep my little baby. That is a song, right?
“In a time of confusion, a fearful world requires men of honor and courage to step forward: heroes whose mettle has been tested and whose skills have been honed. From around the world they step forward. The best of the best. And take up the mantle of The Corps! An ever-ready team devoted to protecting every person, every country; our world”
He is saying that the kingdom of God is not characterised by equality. Furthermore, if we relate to God with a mindset of being equal with one another or approach the kingdom of God with a democratic mindset, Bevere says we cannot connect with God. What is the alternative of being democratic that Bevere is insinuating? Dictatorship? Thou-shalt-not-question-me?
Whiskers got stuck up a tree involving late night dramatic rescue.
Second topic. I’m not a huge Oprah fan and shy away from anyone that is self-serving. But she has this series with Anthony Robbins that I have been watching about identifying and changing your story.
This week's lovely sponsors are Whimsy Stamps and Kenny K Downloads
Peter Schiff: Just to have more gold. Germany should get rid of its dollar reserves and other currency reserves. That would be a much better way to go.
According to handlers John Griffiths and Ben Hughes, Phil weighs 15 pounds and thrives on dog food and ice cream in his climate-controlled home at the Punxsutawney Library.
I decided to start with the kitchen pantry. We actually have a relatively large pantry which makes us really lucky. The huge challenge to it was making it work for us.... and here is the final product:
From this verse, we also learn that if you don’t know the Lord Jesus Christ, you do not know God, the Father. All too many are trying to be Christians and through religious efforts deny the person, and deity of the Lord Jesus Christ. This was the Jews downfall, and for that reason they crucified Him. This continues to be their downfall to this day
Teach your sons and daughters modesty and teach them to respect manhood and womanhood. Teach your children sexual purity, proper dating standards, temple marriage, missionary service, and the importance of accepting and magnifying Church callings.
Make the glaze by bringing the sugar and water to a boil until the mixture reaches 112C - I got a candy thermometer to ensure success this time around. Start beating the egg white shortly before the sugar hits 112 (beat on low speed for maybe 1 minute). Let the syrup cool briefly, like 20-30 seconds or when the needle on the thermometer starts to drop. Slowly add it to the egg while you continue to beat it (no one wants to be defeated). It shouldn't take more than 30 seconds to combine them and get a nice shiny white glaze - like thin marshmallow fluff. Use a pastry brush to immediately brush the sandwiches with the glaze - this is super tricky and I found it impossible to get all of the sides covered, but work fast and at least spread a thin layer on top. Let them drip and dry (which takes about 2-3 hours) on a cooling rack.
A unique hostage situation is about to turn ugly unless author Ben Haskins can use his gift of words to befriend his captor.
I have several complaints though. A lot of the time while reading the story, I only felt like I was "reading" words, not really being placed within the setting. Ever had that feeling? Sometimes, I felt like I couldn't connect in with the story, or I didn't feel like I was in the setting of the book. Does that make sense?
I had a bad week at school (when is spring break????) and I was looking at my gross purse with cracks in the leather and threads coming off it and I decided enough was enough! Retail therapy here I come!
Despite condemnations by numerous human rights groups of the Saudi-led invasion and subsequent violations, Washington has remained a staunch supporter of the Al Khalifa regime, with President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton describing it as a “key ally”. The US Navy Fifth Fleet is based in Bahrain.
Each bedroom had its own bathroom, so whenever people needed to use the toilet, they had to go through my room to make it to the pisser. This made it difficult to court inebriated women to my sanctuary for private all-night make out sessions. At first, it didn't seem like that bad of an idea. I figured people would know that it was my room, and respect my property.
The journey is never easy. And sometimes I think there’s really no destination. It’s just a constant quest for discovering who you are and where you should be in life. And yes, love is PART of that. But it’s more than love too. YOU are the biggest part of how this question is answered and I’ve always thought that way.
Nicholas: reach (shows reaching arms)
A few days later I receive a letter in the mail from a guess who?? The collection agency. I call the number again. This time an equally unfriendly woman takes my call. She can't find anything either. I said, Listen, clearly there is something to this claim and we are not hanging up until we figure it out. I was probably more pathetic then forceful, but she did agree to look deeper. To her amazement there was a default notice under my name from Amazon.com. They were looking for their $20 that I told them I owed them that they refused to believe.
In the past, I liked to think that I only needed God and his help when things in my life looked grim. That couldn’t have been farther from the truth. Not only was I letting myself believe that I had control of my life and that happiness was completely dependent on me, but I was cheating myself out of true joy that comes with trusting the Lord and walking with Him daily.
My 19yr old daughter cringes at my new idiotflashback blog. There are a lot of music videos on there of bands and singers that I forced her to listen to in the car every day. She thought she had escaped the torture of 70′s and 80′s music. She called it torture, I called it “enrichment and enlightenment”.
So I’m still thinking about my Grandma which leads me to write about being a Grandma.
Since Satan convinced Eve to pluck the forbidden fruit from the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil, men and women have fought over positions of authority. This does not mean women can’t or shouldn’t supervise men. But it does mean conflict is guaranteed.
Anime can be applied.
Reuben James (DD-245) was laid down 2 April 1919 by New York Shipbuilding Corp., Camden, N.J.; launched 4 October 1919; sponsored by Miss Helen Strauss; and commissioned 24 September 1920, Comdr. Gordon W. Haines in command.
Ave is now four, almost five, and has changed quite-a-bit. She is pure joy (most of the time) and brings to this family only what Ave could. Herself!
New warrior job? And it’s based on an NPC?! Sweet! I really want a Gaga job… Or an Erik job… But this is also good. The skills look cool, and I hope it’ll get released on this weekend.
What do we, as the LGBT community, need to do to be more supportive?
You may wonder at the small group of kids in the first photo. Our kindergarten is the smallest grade in our (small) school district. And then several kids from one class have moved away during the year, leaving one teacher with a class of just 10 (!!!) kids. Four of them apparently were sick or already on vacation yesterday! The other class is small too, with just 12 kids. This is a scary omen when you think of staffing in the years to come.
“And give me a goddamn break!” I fumed. “Jesus!” I just about shouted, but I quickly calmed myself down. “Since we’re on the subject of job searching. . .have you found a job yet?”
for we ourselves forgive everyone in debt to us,
It’s hard to draw any real conclusions from Australia’s tour of the West Indies, particuarly the batting.
Meanwhile back to Cous Cous
Sierra Nevada Bigfoot
This has been a week at work. On Monday, I was in an "acute room" at one hospital-- instead of going to the bedside to the patient to do the dialysis, the patients are brought to us. In this particular hospital, two nurses work at once, two patients each. And in this particular hospital, we have a Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) that the hospital provides, to help us with everything.
I’ve sat and struggled, trying to find just the right information to link to, or just the right thing to say I read today, that will somehow raise my “Worthiness” as I write a few words about this man who left us far too soon. But there are no stories to share from the internet, that tell the story as strongly as the feelings I have, so for me it’s just this simple:
Despite living in this area for years, I got lost in the classmate’s neighborhood. I had plenty of time, but pictures and chatter were probably out of the question (hence all photos in this post are courtesy of Colea’s husband and Carolina Running Company). After a few missed turns and some crazy yard sale traffic jams, I got out and on the road to the race site, which was the Clemson Rural Education Center- located here in Florence, but an extension of Clemson University.
Hope that doesn't ever end
G O D: The best band in the world.
Malts: Pale, crystal, brewers' caramel, and torrefied wheat.
Anyway, in the lead up to the launch of The Critics’ Choice this Friday it was decided to count down the Top 12 beers and give away the perfect dozen to some lucky bugger who did nothing more special than to click on a button on a Farcebook page. Two lucky buggers, in fact, each day for twelve days. How good is this craft beer caper, really?!
THEY are my heart!
A few years ago, I realized that I hadn't seen the cactus orchid out on Mrs. M.'s porch for some time. And then it occurred to me that I hadn't seen Mrs. M. herself out in her garden for probably a summer or two.
"Several varieties of hops are here grown; but the best, and that which is cultivated to the greatest extent, is the whitebine grape-hop, which was first raised from a single cutting about fifty years about by Peckham Williams, Esq. of Badshot Place, near Farnham, who whould never suffer any other sort to be grown on his plantation, which is still kept up by that alone."
The only thing I would improve about the Giraffe, is how top-heavy he is. He can't sit up very well, because of his shape and falls forward on his face. Thankfully, its not an issue for us because "DD" just loves to carry him around with her and snuggle.
Peanut butter is an American favorite, we make sandwiches with it, cookies with it, pie with it… we make it into sauces, and toppings. It’s a comfort food. I remember very vividly my Dad making sandwiches for us when we were kids. Using the moist Holsum white bread and generously applying about a 1 inch thick layer of peanut butter on it; it was so thick and sticky, but we still looked forward to that special Dad delicacy!
They wheeled in a metal crib, a little smaller than the one we have at home. The bathroom seemed large enough until we attempted to shove the crib inside. There was no way. We happen to have a child who is extremely picky about his sleeping circumstances and sleeping in the same vicinity as us just was out of the question. In typical fashion, I demanded Hank make it work. After much yelling/laughing and slamming, the crib fit inside by lifting it on top of the toilet, closing the door (with you still inside the bathroom), standing on top of the sink, opening the door the max 4 inches, lifting the crib back down from the toilet, and magically squeezing through the tiny door crack all while still standing on top of the sink.
Life is managing the power of choice.
HALO has a good story line, its just very slow. Like molasses in winter slow. I was expecting so much from this book by all the reviews I have read and I mean, HAVE YOU SEEN THE COVER?! It is FANTASTIC! The book just seemed to drag on and on uneventfully. While Alexandra does have a great tone throughout the book, Bethany just wasn't the best character. I kept finding myself smacking the book and groaning, "omg...are you REALLY that stupid?!" I highly doubt I will read the rest of this series.
Hope your Friday is wonderful~
I’ve attended live sporting events of all kinds. Baseball, Football, Basketball, Hockey, Boxing, Kickboxing and of course Mixed Martial Arts. All I know is that when an MMA promotion gets it right, magic happens that you simply will not find anywhere else.
Then, we walked through Central Market heading to Jalan Tun Perak via HSBC building. As we arrived at the junction at HSBC, few dozens of policemen already cordonned off the area.
-Margaret Mead
2. It didn’t stop Churchill! Some of the things you’ve been grappling with are pretty deep. And I know that I don’t know at all what it is like. But I do know someone else who has been there and my aunt is one of the most magical and wonderful people you will meet. You have been so brave, and I feel really honoured that you have shared with me about both bipolar and food. I know you don’t think so but from the outside, I really think you have come so far already.
01. Gymnopédie No. 1, lent et douloureux - Hakon Austbo / 3:40
The town was getting ready to tear it down
I am open and flexible with my opinions, philosophies, and beliefs.
“Thanks for the thought, Bob, but you know, we always seem stuck on the one topic. Let's give it a rest.”
These are the Sophomore awardees:
I've seen a few writer friends on Facebook recently promoting their own books as potential Christmas presents. This makes me feel uneasy, though I'm not really sure why. It's quite likely that some of these books would indeed make very good Christmas presents, and are probably very good books, and I wouldn't have thought of buying them otherwise. So why not? But I won't be buying any of them, nor will I be plugging my own books at Christmas.
My first novel, tentatively titled Black Holes & Labyrinths, explores the way that yearning and grief rearrange people’s lives. The story is told from the viewpoints of four 30-something characters in tangled relationships who struggle to find happiness and meaning in a world full of uncertainty and turmoil. The novel takes place in Washington, D.C. during the stressful period following the sniper attacks and the lead-up to the Iraq war in 2002-2003.
My super social media stalking skills, which I somewhat gained from my journalism classes in college, were put to good use here. Sure, it took a few tries to get into the research groove, but after a while looking through various social networks for a personal email was like cracking a code, and I had a sense of accomplishment when I was successful.
Dunno About everyone else, but with the poularisation of Twilight I'm starting to get pretty darn p'd off. Now, I'm hardly claiming to be the first Twilight reader ever to walk the Earth, but I started reading the books before the world went Edward and Jacob insane and loved them - now, though... Everywhere you turn there's a shrieking fangirl! It's beginning to set my teeth on edge...
Tell them a great storm triggered an avalanche that hollowed me.
The longer the shelf life of the food that you eat, the shorter your shelf life will be. If it came out of the ground and rots, it is good for you!
Q12: 20mph zones – why not in accident blackspots instead of all over the place in roads that have never had an accident?
I actually made a muslin for McCall's 5857 but abandoned it because the pattern had issues. First, the pattern I have is a 14 through 18 and the 14th was too big. Second, the waistband is a long straight piece of fabric folded in half. This is no good because most people are not bricks and they have some curves around the waist. Not having a contoured, C shape waistband means there is a big gap at the center back. I have had this issue with another Butterick pattern. I don't know why they can't just draft a proper waistband.
I have always been a purpose driven person. I have needed a guiding sense of something larger than myself that I am a part of to make me feel right with the world and myself. In this current place in my journey, I have struggled with the feeling that I am floundering, with a sense of lostness, of a life that has lost its purpose. This domestic life that I am living feels too small, too insignificant, not important enough. I have felt like my life does not matter.
“Hail Mary” – Tupac Shakur
Another affordable, lovely product from Organic Indulgence that I'd recommend!
I can hear some of you shuddering. It's okay. I understand. Completely. While I like the meat that a pig's foot produces, I have a bit of trouble with my gag reflex when I see a whole pig's foot. Why? It all stems from a hot, crowded concert hall in New Orleans a few years ago. It was a Sunday afternoon, and I was a little hungover (okay, a LOT hungover), and we were all packed into this hall like sardines (come to think of it, quite a few people actually smelled like sardines, but I digress). As the different bands and music groups took their turn on the stage, people moved around to get a better view. I ended up standing next to a couple who were probably in their late 50s/early 60s. The woman had a giant purse, out of which she took two ziploc bags -- one for her, one for him. Each one had something in it that I couldn't really make out until they each opened their bags and I smelled a pickled substance. Then, they inched out the food product little by little and began gnawing on it.
Getting stuck in there’s a long list of hits, and not many misses to my ear. The honour roll reads Down, Rapunzel, Won’t Listen When, People Don’t Know, Bali Party, Air Guitar, and The Paul The Dan.
Huggins said Selsor made a conscious choice when he entered the convenience store where her father worked and repeatedly shot him with a .22-caliber pistol on Sept. 15, 1975. Prosecutors say Chandler suffered eight bullet wounds.
Mazze RI. Fertility, reproduction, and postnatal survival in mice chronically exposed to isoflurane. Anesthesiology 1985; 63: 663-667.
And now, for the lists.
But ultimately, composition is key to any picture I think, be it horizontally or vertically.
Following are excerpts from three of my current readings:
What do you think? Are you gaga over paper, especially vintage papers? Maybe you're a new card stock kind of a girl? Do you have some fun paper Christmas creations you have made? Feel free to share your link in the comments section :)
Many people around him have witnessed God’s unbelievable goodness because of what he has endured, and through it, his faith has been strengthened ten-fold. He’s been able to witness to people who might otherwise never have heard the good news of Jesus Christ. And I think that’s what God had in mind all along. By the way, his doctors have found that the tumor has shrunk dramatically, and in another month or so, he will be reevaluated. Don’t tell me miracles don’t happen.
That said, with the right leads with the right kind of chemistry (could Nathan Fillion get out of Castle for this?) and really strong writing, this sounds like an interesting concept. And of course I'll give anything from Bad Robot the benefit of the doubt.
I COULD DO ALL THAT AND MORE. AND THERE WOULD BE NO END. BUT THERE HAS TO BE.
Whatever the cause of the problem, the dish still tasted good. Both Mrblocko and Blockette LOVED it. They even enjoyed the leftovers. Me? Well I had a hard time getting over the fact that it didn't turn out how it was supposed to. I think that was clouding my judgement.
And … this is something that keeps me always wondering … if you go to a post office to mail a letter, that incurs a certain fee. If you ask for express delivery, that will AS A MATTER OF COURSE cost more.
For more Friends with Flair
“Privately-owned housing starts in March were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 654,000. This is 5.8 percent (±15.6%)* below the revised February estimate of 694,000, but is 10.3 percent (±14.6%)* above the March 2011 rate of 593,000. Single-family housing starts in March were at a rate of 462,000; this is 0.2 percent (±12.6%)* below the revised February figure of 463,000. The March rate for units in buildings with five units or more was 178,000.”
But now we are left with the Clue board, Jack's room, his toys, his clothes. There is certainly no rush to get rid of anything because that part of the house sits empty now, and we don't need the space. I am just so angry that the things that meant so much to our little boy are just that...things. Things to be dealt with at some point. Things that mean nothing without our boy here to enjoy them.
This is, of course, all assuming it comes out all in one consistent flow. Sometimes it’s like a lawn sprinkler.
Okay, you guys. So I've organized WriteOnCon for two years now. When I was asked to help with a real, live conference, I thought How much harder can it be?
(By Maddie)
I love it, love it, love it.
The Power of a Praying Wife by Stormie O'Martian
Soooo....that's it for now.
The Twist: use a monochromatic color scheme in the design of your card. Monochromatic is using various shades of one color or just one color.
(Did mum tell you to send that?)
Team Dynamics – What Does It Mean and How Can It Be Achieved
When we help our children, they in turn help others. I truly believe in seeing our children as whole, perfect people in all of their desires. I assume positive intent from my children and they feel this. I am never the wall between them and what they want in life. They know that we will always help them obtain their desires, and they in turn help me in so many ways!
Conservatory Design Ideas and Considerations
“Build a team and win an iPad".” So that is not a direct quote from, “Avalla, LLC Offers iPad Team-Building Incentive” but it is a good, succinct summary. The article discusses how Avalla, LLC responded to a shift in how business is done and what their sales team really wanted and began a campaign to build their teams.
Usually articles of such nature make me chuckle, a face off between a Yale professor and an academician – cum – entrepreneur – cum – world judo champ is right up my alley, so naturally I ventured into these articles, to my grave disappointment there was not an iota of humour in either of them. I was flabbergasted by the crassness of both the authors.
I think, most importantly however, is actually the last point:
Hope you are all well and have joined in our new Sketch Challenge, you can scrowl down for the details.
Apparently, QVC has not acknowledged that Lee, who often appeared on-air with her mom, has passed away.
Just a reminder, you need to mail me brenda@ibas.co.uk with the two words you have made with the letters collected from the blogs above before noon GMT on 30th April.
It will touch Americans harder and deeper than anything else we’ve seen since the Great Depression.
They had some interesting art equipment there...not the sort of thing you would expect you to last a lifetime, but I bought myself a pretty decent paintbrush. It's called a 'Taklon Liner' and it has really long, thin bristles which are great for doing fine curly flourishing lines. Once I got the hang of it I just couldn't stop, and began painting everything in sight with some white gesso I found at the back of my art cupboard. I will have to work out how to fix the paint on somehow, perhaps some spray varnish will do the trick...otherwise the whole lot will just scrape off.
By 7:55 we were all in school dressed in whites and waiting for the 8am exam. 22 minutes to answer 100 multiple choice questions later I was out. To an extent I surprised myself with the knowledge that I had accrued over the series of lectures but not excessively hopeful of achieving the 60% pass mark. If you do not like wine there is a barrier to totally understanding it. Still, I had given it my best shot and went off to the Dining room for a cup of coffee finding other students who took less time than me already in residence.
and this was a Croque Monsieur that a friend had. It looked so good I ordered one to take home for lunch. Oh I'm so glad I did! In case you are curious what this is made of here are the details Pain de mie (Pullman bread), sauce bechamel, ham and Swiss cheese. Ummm......
Her premise, in the article and in the book, is that women need to stop being so picky before it’s too late and their chances to mate shrink. Essentially: If someone — a dating coach, a married couple, anybody — had told her when she was 29 that ruling a guy out because he ate his toe jam was too much to ask, she would have found other things to like about him. No hair, so what? Is he intelligent?
Some time later, that was changed to “deceptively drinkable”, which is a bit more politically correct but still conveys essentially the same message, and the following legend appeared on the back of the bottles:
Xavier is manipulated into using his mind powers by Stryker, using his telepathy to target the minds of mutants and cause a cerebral hemorrhage. After rescuing Storm and Cyclops, the rest of the X-Men try to intervene during a large rally Stryker is holding. Cyclops makes an impassioned plea, stating that mutants are not monsters but that they are just as human as anyone else. Cyclops even points out that their abilities may be given to them by God.
Today my father in law came over to our house for lunch. He originally wanted to go out to eat couscous and lamb in a restaurant he had heard of, but when he tried to make a reservation it was closed.
Introducing the ultimate PLR articles pack, this massive PLR articles pack includes more than 400,000 PLR articles, all included with full private label right license. This massive PLR articles pack is categorized in more than 950 folders on different niche topics, from marketing articles to topics like health & fitness,pets,marketing,medical, fashion,travel, finance, birthdays, herbs and many many more.
The thing I was MOST sad about missing at the event is Michael Cimarusti's (Providence) leaf-wrapped scallops. (I also missed Ludo Bites! :( They ran out when I got there and I didn't get a chance to go back) I had originally planned to hit Providence FIRST, but got distracted with all the whip-lash-inducing offerings around the room. By the time we made our way to Providence, they had completely run out of scallops, but had started serving dessert - which was an amazing skewer of Compressed Pineapple whose density contrasted nicely with the levity of the Pineapple Curry Pectin Fruit. Heaven on a stick!
Maybe it is because I am getting older, paying more attention, becoming more aware that I find myself longing for the USA of old. The one that I innocently believed was always right, always kind, always benevolent. Mostly these days I'm dumbfounded by politicians, with war, with my fellow citizens claiming rights over each other's lives and loves~ using religion (or the lack of it) to rant from a soapbox about who is right or wrong. It's disheartening, disorienting, disgusting.
“Will you look at that dirt on the back of your neck?”
And since death is something we cannot ever experience, because it is simply the cessation of life, it is fear of death that is the problem, but fear of death simply makes life less pleasant, and so, we need to learn not to worry beyond the present, which is where our happiness lies. If we chase unstable pleasures, we will suffer in the present and future. The best life is the one with the least “unnecessary desires.” The teacher of hedonism in fact taught that the hedonistic life reaches its appogee in asceticism and self-denial. Learn to limit unnecessary desires, live in very modest circumstances, and every moment of experience will be joy.
Apple- In most cases, two different apple cultivars are needed to ensure adequate pollination. Alternatively, a crabapple tree may be used to pollinate an apple tree.
10:20 p.m. Check email. Why isn’t there any email from SH? Is he dead? Oh crap if he’s dead you have no way to tell his local bar friends Sheila Paul John and Justin about the funeral because all you know about them is that they are named Sheila Paul John and Justin and SH’s cellphone which has all their numbers was probably destroyed in the car accident that killed him and does SH want to be buried or cremated you don’t know you don’t even know what the account number is or where it’s stored for the cable which you would cancel because you don’t watch enough tv to make it worthwhile and do how do you ship a body back from Boston to Milwaukee if he wants to be cremated should you just do it there but then what if there is a problem getting the ashes through security because you sure aren’t going to check those and what is the etiquette regarding throwing a funeral and who stays where do you have to let people stay at your house no you don’t want to be hostess in this situation and you don’t want to have to find everyone a hotel either can’t they do it themselves not to mention you sure don’t want to be picking people up at the airport so they are just going to have to get cars and there’s nobody here to bring casseroles because I don’t have any friends here except for a very few Todd Andrea Jennifer and I suppose Pastor Gail would come over because she would be doing the funeral but I don’t think the pastor brings a casserole what are you going to feed everyone oh to heck with it they can take care of themselves it’s not like there’s no food to be found in Milwaukee I really hope he’s not dead because that would totally suck.
On the streets of Rome, Cesare’s younger brother, Juan, gets into an altercation with a man who insults his family’s Spanish roots (get used to those insults, they fly fast and thick). Juan’s a hothead, and the insults soon become swordplay. It’s all very Montague vs. Capulet. Cesare soon arrives on the scene and intervenes, impressively, breaking up the fight and apologizing on his brother’s behalf before hustling Juan back to the house and scolding him for being such a pain in the ass.
I had a lot of trouble getting a photo of this one that didn't look washed out or too shiny. I finally settled for a shiny one. This painting in the series I'm doing represents Maine. The pinecone and tassels is our state flower. I've yet to think of pinecones as flowers. They often remind me of removing pitch from our kids hands when they were little. Crisco usually did the trick!
For the past few weeks dinner has been a solitary affair, and Thursday evening was especially nice because I was able to enjoy my meal on the patio.
Who'll want to read it? This is a great, quick read, full of fast-paced action and drama. It is slightly over the top, but in a good way, and I found myself grinning quite a lot. Phryne Fisher is outrageous, and FUN!
As the name says, the book is divided into five sections talking about five different principals: Identifying friends, Making friends, Crows and Owls, Loss of gains, Ill considered action. According to known history, Vishnu Sharma had used these tales to teach common principles to children of a King. The stories are extremely simple and are interwoven together. You will find characters of one story telling another story to each other and it goes on like that. The author has used specific animal behaviour and instincts to provide insights on various principles. These stories have been translated, adapted and retold in almost all cultures around the world and are known in different forms. But the main idea still remains the same. Learn from animal behaviour and use that to make your life better.
I hope Philly's still in the hunt, and I hope our local governments are smart enough to be helping things along.
William Hurt (Kiss of the Spider Woman)
terms
“Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved”. (Romans 10:13)
How do you teach them? It is done by example. It is done by instruction and quite often by discipline. There has to be some kind of constraint, be it punishment, direction, or correction. When that child lies, whom is he obeying? Let’s look further into John 8:44. “Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He…abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own; for he is a liar, and the father of it.”
“Right,” his friend replies, voice choked, pulling back. He turns away, hiding his face. Mesdan catches a glimpse of Thaneen’s reddening cheeks before the boy stalks off and leans against a tree. Mesdan takes a calming breath, lets his heartbeat return to normal, and forces his attention back to his work.
If the idea Be a Person scares you, you’ll need to do some organizational transformation before social media is right for you.
Each month one artist from the Moses Botkin Challenge chooses a subject for the group to paint. This month the Challenge was "Blue". Just BLUE and we could paint what ever struck our fancy. I chose a gorgeous view of the ocean along the Malibu coastline. Visiting Malibu reawakens my love of the sea. I doubt one could tire of its beauty. Looking out to sea made for, "A Painting Day".
Where can I find a Sam?
Last year, in my first year of eligibility, I joined a not-so-exclusive club that also includes such famed and classic dignitaries as Errol Flynn, Maureen O'Hara, Joseph Cotten, Peter Lorre, Mirna Loy, Kim Novak, Edward G. Robinson and Marilyn Monroe. Like them, I too was not nominated for a damn thing. They for an Oscar, me for a LAMMY. Oh well, I thought to myself, what great company to be in. Seriously though, I really did not expect to receive any nominations, but I wasn't without hope. This year though, is going to be my year. I am hoping for at least two nominations - Best Movie Reviewer is my best and most desired hope, and/or maybe Most Prolific or the Brainiac Award. Whatever the case, I still do not expect to actually win. The awards themselves tend to go to the more established members of the LAMB, but still, as they are prone to say, the nomination is the real prize. Granted, such a response is probably bullshit - of course it is better to win than to just get nominated - but really, I am hoping for, but not expecting anything more than a nomination or three. But nominated or not, a fun part of the proceedings is putting together an FYC ad for the whole shebang. Below is mine. Appropriately, considering the title of my site, it involves the lovely Jean Seberg in Jean-Luc Godard's classic Breathless.
4.Curry Leaves : 4 or 5
The penguins kept watching the wall and chasing the light (I didn't realize I was doing it). I couldn't figure out why the 2 penguins were looking at the wall like that.
Maybe because I know he’s single. It has nothing to do with the fact that you could bounce a quarter or five off of that sexy belly of his. Would I lie?
Rachel Fenton / A Poem. and a Note about the Barnsley dialect / 77
It is on this basis that I am contacting you for assistance, if you will be interested, claim documents will been processed and sent to you. The documents with which the fund is deposited will be amended to reflect you as the beneficiary so that you will be eligible to collect the fund as his business associate.
Somedays I hate being a girl. Well, about once a month, to be more specific. LOL! I haven't actually started yet, but OH MY the hormones are running rampant. Either I'm weepy or I'm not very nice when I'm hormonal. Sigh. Captain Americacalled yesterday evening, I we ended up getting into a little tiff. He was tired from a SUPER long day of training, and I was hormonal (need I say more), and it wasn't a good combo.
Your dark have of course, tried to install their own puppet dictators and perceived leaders of the people in nearly each and every country that has come to be on your world, and the building up of many countries have been because such countries were given the choice and made the decisions to align with the cabals and the agendas of the cabals in exchange for the funds to build up their countries.
Sweet messenger of love – and the year 2012 – Betty-Bob dolphin from The Power of Silent Wisdom 10 inspired me when I was thinking about the next full moon animal blessing (and thanking). I find it very important to also thank these fellow lightworkers who silently and patiently work among us humans.
CeNsoriNg
Give a method to reduce the noise.
Heather Draper – Well I might have to say Bespoke, the store, really....It is my baby and I love how it has blossomed and continues to grow into an entity all its own.
The Western media tells us that DPRK government is ruthlessly oppressive, and yet the Korean people’s reaction seriously contradicts this image. What is it about Democratic Korea and its leaders that cause its people, even those far away from the eyes of government authorities, to mourn like this?
I started the bedroom revamp about a month ago. I have no idea how TV decorates in a day because that's not me. Decorating evolves and just improves with age. This is another reason to pick up what you love whenever you thrift. Stockpiling ensures you have the right stock.
It’s not an exaggeration to say that we actually scare ourselves away from becoming healthy. We imagine the tasks to be so daunting that we give up without even trying. But actually, we can make small steps towards becoming healthy. These small steps can represent small triumphs that can encourage us to take further steps towards becoming healthier.
As we awaited the fruit's descent we reflected on the end of 2011 and the uncertainty that the future year would bring.
I hope you've enjoyed Marie Coolidge-Rask's spooky little Halloween campfire story. Have a safe and happily creepy Halloween Weekend, everyone.
We are sponsored by SRM Stickers and they provided a beautiful
He established his own interior design business in Vancouver and eventually moved his office to Victoria. Bruce was a creative and energetic entrepreneur. His ideas and designs were especially popular with executive home owners and small business, and had been published in trade magazines over time.
So what’s in all those super secret containers? Stuff! Its how I keep things organized for operations.
7 minutes.
Baroness Tonge has been a one-woman running sore within the Liberal Democrat Party, poisoning relations with the Jewish community with her persistently distasteful and incendiary comments about Israel. Finally she is gone, effectively sacked after refusing to withdraw her statement during an event at Middlesex University that Israel "will not last forever". Now there is reason to believe that wound can begin to heal.
Possible Akido( martial arts class)
Apathy.
SOURCE…. : Radio
The nominations for the 2012 MTV Movie Awards have been released!
He is currently planning to paint a long scroll of scenes of old Chongqing.
find in the words
The article profiled an author who entered many contests. After 11 years of entering, she finally won. The biggest carrot to her wasn’t the prize money but the publication of her stories. Poets & Writers says that in the past decade, the number of prizes that include publication has risen 50%. Running contests keeps a great number of small, independent presses in business. Independent publishers are important because they will often take on a novice writer whose manuscript shows promise – something a large New York publisher will rarely do. As writers, we want the species of independent presses to survive.
If people walk away from an entire hour with us and do not feel the presence of God, they leave with nothing. A church. Any church. Sends it’s people away without the presence of God. Are we stupid? Do we not get it? How are we missing this huge issue? How can we sleep at night knowing we’re sending God’s children away empty? It makes me sick. It makes me angry.
Our hope is to be have the downstairs painted by the end of next week and to have the house on the market by the end of the month… not sure if we will do it, but we will try.
Harris denied to police that he had committed any killings, but he obviously had been present at many of them, and thus an accomplice, and Clark Howard concluded from interviews with various Zebra killers and inspectors, and police reports, that Harris had murdered John Bambic. Harris also sought and got immunity, and new identities for himself, his girlfriend, and her child.
I don’t watch the Biggest Loser too much anymore. It’s great to see so many people lose so much weight, but it’s just more of the same. One of the things that I’ve grown tired of is the role that the trainers tend to take on. The personal heart-to-heart talks (in front of millions of people) peppered throughout the show end up with the trainers counseling the contestants. They are in great physical condition, but in a way, that actually makes them less qualified to offer advice in these instances.
Now what’s left of the shell of 100 Monkeys? Two less than enthusiastic, burnt out friends and two guys from god knows where wrapped up in a pink, pathetic excuse for a band. So the real casualty is this: those five men lost people that were like family. They lost their friendships, their bonds. And they are NOT to blame.
Not to mention all of the regular stuff we have going on. Tannah is back to piano and Willow to ballet in the next couple of weeks. Home ed groups and birthday parties for friends and family. And no house move in complete without a trip to Ikea.
I'm sure they thought I was going to arm wrestle the demons of my own father's cancer..........
They say the narrow road is unsuitable for heavy traffic use and claim a Gypsy site in the area could potentially impact on life in the village.
Sam (“Sammy”) picked me up at LaGuardia and we instantly were dealing with the chaos known as NYC traffic. As many times as I’ve visited NYC I’ve never understood how people (other than experienced Taxi-cab drivers maybe) actually dealt with the simple task of driving. God bless them – they seem well-versed in the lines of personal communication, mostly those of horn-honking and shouting displeasure the instant traffic slows.
depth of the cut
All in the pleasant open air,
Yes, it sounds a bit vampiry but it is actually a clever play with words in Swedish. Mixing the words of The vascular system and running competition it becomes an interesting homonym. In Swedish it is Blodomloppet.
Made it possible for men
After greeting a group of cyclists with a hearty "Good morning!" while my heart monitor beeped rapidly, I admitted inwardly that I had become that person--the one whose cheeriness agitates others. For me, that person, the one whose enjoyment of arduous long distance events never faltered, was a well-groomed gentleman named Steve Rojek. In recent years, this decorated equestrian has represented the U.S. in international endurance racing. I first encountered Mr. Rojek competing in competitive trail rides around central Vermont in my adolescence. He had a reputation for remaining so upbeat during rainstorms, fatigue, bee stings, and other trail maladies that it irritated the rest of us mortals. Primarily, his bionic good nature highlighted the fact that the rest of us were...well, not very good natured after mile 20. Our spirits sagged, our energy failed, and our smiles turned to crabby exchanges, leaving us just plain puzzled by guys like Mr. Rojek. I've used the plural "guys" there, but I should clarify that there was only one rider as invincible as Mr. Steve Rojek.
may Thy children cry to Thee concerning any that have fallen aside into
Levels of CLAs are much higher in ruminants that are fed primarily grass/pasture based rather than grain based diet. However, the highest levels of CLAs are found in kangaroo meat. Eggs and certain kinds of mushrooms also have CLAs however in lesser quantities than the meat/milk of ruminants.
Recently though when sighting Bob downtown, even he seemed on the verge of change as he emerged from the aftermath of a somewhat tedious winter. Oft times he would stand on the corner just looking, as if to decide which direction he should go. Even the cold weather doesn’t change much for Bob, as he huddles up in his warm coat and goes about his daily business. I sometimes wonder how he dealt with Bob Barker departing “The Price is Right” program, a big part of Bobs daily routine.
By deciding that anybody can say anything they like as long as everybody is detached and polite, you have created a situation favorable to people who are casually bigoted and don’t see a problem, because those people are going to have the easiest time having a detached and polite discussion. Why? Because this conversation is already about someone else’s pain. Remember what I said earlier about “the privilege of politeness.” By institutionalizing the Tone Argument, you have made it harder for the people feeling the pain to participate in a discussion than for the people causing it.
Tick tick tick tick on the watch now,
A) I could get what I want! My tastes often do not follow that of what is on, and my meager budget limits what I can afford to basically whatever the masses are feeling at the moment.
El Almejal “Ecolodge”
The two generals clinked their glasses together and then sat in silence for a few moments savoring the brandy-like liquor.
This link is for the entire shop because I couldn't decide on just one to link. She makes beautiful flowers and custom flower/bouquets of paper for you! These are stunning and they will last forever instead of dropping a lot of cash on overpriced flowers just because its Valentines Day. Not that I'm saying I'm going to say no if my darling comes home with a bouquet of the red gerber daisies I've been asking for, but I certainly would not be disappointed with these either! Gorgeous!
34. Tom'ws Radio Weston
The mild, not so much. Ted used a tiny amount of peated malt, but a tiny amount's enough--it imparted a smoky, slightly sour note. Cwrw was creamy and soft--Sally called it "milky" and wondered if there was lactose ("no," said Ted)--and clearly low-alcohol. This is where I think Ted has his biggest hurdle. Craft beer drinkers have become accustomed to that sharp, anesthetizing tingle on their tongue. The difference between a mild and a stronger beer is the difference between apple juice and hard cider. To absent that quality from a beer is, I'm afraid, to move into a radical philosophical space that questions the nature of the drink. At least for most people. The mild had all kinds of flavors going on--but no amount of appreciating can will the flavor of alcohol into being. Can people put aside their expectations and appreciate the flavors that are in a beer rather than focusing on the ones that aren't? That's the big question.
Eep! Five days and counting! Saturday just won’t get here quick enough. My feeling towards this weekend’s mini reminds me of my birthday as a child. I’m absolutely full of anticipation and excitement. Truthfully, I don’t feel nervous in the least. Just anxious to get going. When I started training in late January, I didn’t think I would be so eager to run the Derby City Mini Marathon. In January, I was just hoping to finish the thing mostly running. Now, I know I’ll run in, albeit slowly, and am shooting for a 2:45 finish time. Proud slow runner, here. I could have spent the last few months sitting on the couch everyday. Instead, I ran. And, believe it or not, got faster. And will continue to get faster.
I’m aware this character is in the graphic novels, but I’m going to try to avoid spoilers to find out who this is and where from. Really, I thought this was a great episode, which moved things along to a new context and setting for the next season. The farmhouse is gone, they are without food, and most of their useful items. The zombie fighting was well done, and the makeup was up to it’s usual high standard. If I had some concerns it would be with how accurate everyone suddenly seems to be with their shooting, and where is all of the ammo coming from? Hershel seemed to have a lot of ammo in that shotgun until they needed him to reload, putting him in danger, only for Rick to save him. I shall look forward to next season.
When you're done making your ball, weave the ends in with a wool needle. I used an old pair of tights to felt my dryer balls. I put a ball into one of the feet, tied it with a scrap of acrylic yarn then added the next ball. I made five in one sitting before my hand started hurting and I gave in and chucked them in the wash. I put them on a 2hr, 60 degree wash with the nappies and then put them in the dryer on full heat for 1hr.
The situation is ridiculous. A foreign imam says that women must be mistreated, and the only complaint comes from Platform for Catalonia. I say something as logical as that natives must come first and the mainstream media don’t stop insulting me and calling me xenophobic, racist, undemocratic and other nonsense. This is further evidence that many have lost their common sense.
(1881 – 1959)
“It’s all gone wrong, Snake,” Vern wailed. “It’s all gone wrong!”
1. Sigur Ros - "Gobbledigook"
I will accomplish the things I set out to!
USA
that passes through my life,
I make it back to his room where he has swiftly hurled himself under his covers and my water bottle is clenched tight in his arms. He’s not even drinking out of it! I snatch it up and head back to my bed. He screams. I start to question my methods, if you can even call them that. He’s achy. His throat probably hurts. He’s cold. He just wants to cuddle. What is WRONG with me?
active ingredient of anticancer drug Nexavar belonging to the class of tyrosine kinase inhibitors and has been granted Indian Patent No. 215758. There had been no pre-grant oppositions filed against Nexavar patent application and grant of patent was published on March 28, 2008 whereas one year window period for post-grant opposition ended on March 28, 2009. Sorafenib received marketing
Authors have to remember that although Egmont is an editorially-led publishing house, the editors still have to attend an acquisitions meeting where he or she will have to convince the sales, marketing and finance teams to buy the book. These departments would think about whether the book could become a bestseller or be a prize winner. An important thing to market your book well is a good hook. You need to find a one-line bullet point to describe your book (e.g. the ‘xxx meets xxx’ scenario).
Never give up on trying to get published, while at the same time writing new things and recognising that some books may be 'learning experiences' that will never see the light of day. Don't be too critical when writing your first draft - in fact don't be critical at all - let your imagination go. You can reshape, rewrite and edit later, when you've got something to work with.
What are you going to do to celebrate National Punctuation Day? Please share your ideas.
The story is also sort of the downside of finding Atlantis. Poe writes such great dark fairytales. (I’m sorry if anyone hates me for that statement. I’m not jesting about Poe writing fairytales, but I am suggesting that he wrote with ‘morals’ in mind, cleverly disguised as horror).
In silence.
That's the title of my latest layout using another one of Let's Scrap sketches! This one looks nice and easy but it did take me some time :) You know how I labour over the placement of brads and buttons...well this one has hand gathered grosgrain ribbon (CTMH), felt machine stitched onto the LO and strategically placed embellies, do-dads and what-nots...tee hee
but. put ourselves in their shoes and we’re stumped.
Well, you can search for more details of abovementioned hotels on Internet as Jungle Paradise Retreat in Jim Corbett National Park, Hotel Anand in Corbett Park, Hotel Rainbow Inn in Corbett, Hotel Corbett Kingdom and more.
13.) An Ebony Article Moved Me To Run For Office - NOT EXACTLY, Ebony has yet
67. Heathers (Winona Ryder)
Borderline personality disorder is treatable. Promising therapies have been developed and tested specifically for borderline personality disorder, including dialectical behavior therapy and schema therapy.
Are you familiar with Occam’s Razor? It’s the premise with the least contingencies, the least clarifications, the simplest premise is usually correct.
The bus driver told them the bus was full to capacity, slammed the door and took off. I looked around and there was maybe ten people on the bus. I guess looking like your already for a long nap, is just too weird for a Suntran bus driver.
I remember giving birth to my daughter on the night of April 6, 2000. Just the night before I had written the following letter to her:
What I’m looking forward to: Christmas at my mom’s house and a nice, relaxing NYE at our house with the in-laws.
Mearls: We're trying to keep the list of conditions slim and make it apply to things that are obvious changes in the world. For instance, right now invisible and ethereal are on the list of conditions. We also added intoxicated. Basically, what are things that when they happen to you
I literally had to slap my left hand with my right hand because she kept putting these into my mouth.
Yogi Akal is an accomplished and sought-after numerologist, counsellor, relationship expert, Sikh minister, healer and consultant. Yogi Akal offers one-on-one teaching, counselling and consulting sessions, numerology assessments and private therapy sessions, Yogi can help you to achieve optimal health, balance, wellness and success in your personal and professional life.
update: I found out it is Google+ that crashing both FireFox and Chrome. Have to leave Google+ alone for now.
It gave us some time to breathe. Some time to get our heads sorted.
So...I'll leave you with a few words and many, many thank yous for all the support...means the world to me.
If you want the hard truth... I think it means we're spoiled. Rotten. Yes, we are a bunch of coddled two-year-olds, with chocolate cake crumbs on our cheeks, having a melt down in the parking lot because we got a puppy when we really wanted a pony.
A voice on the starboard shouted "Ahoy!"
We also keep the family computer in this room. Next to the computer desk is a book shelf. All of the bookshelves in my house are turned around to keep the baby from dumping out the books.
Is it based on the economy? . . . yeah partially . . .
4. On non-stick skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Fry egg, turning over briefly when the bottom is set (keep yolk runny)
What tips do you wish you had when you started blogging?
Food: **** Service: *** Ambience: ***
Later on as people informed him about the local history of the area and prevoius reports he began his own research into the background.
I have a large collection of stencils, most of them Dreamweaver, and I'm lucky enough to be on the Dreamweaver Design Team. One of my other hobbies is card making (here's that blog), so I've traditionally used stencils with papercrafts. Now that I have this delightful NEW obsession (lol), I'm rediscovering the joys of stencilling on other surfaces!
* Cuttlebug embossing folder: Swiss Dots
The Christmas Spirit: While the snow keeps saying 'hello' and then disappearing abruptly, my neighbourhood is surrounded with lights (though it's no Candy Cane Lane from New Girl - something that I need to marathon with my sister when we meet up again). My Christmas cards are all sent out and there's just those little things that keep popping up - like not minding the Christmas decorations and music when you're out shopping at a surprisingly quiet time in the mall, or using manipulatives in our math class to make a Christmas tree.
Let Me come and heal
The battle begins and goes against us, behold through the smoke
I heard her have Ken say to
The EPO is strict on lack of unity, and lack of unity is often found on biotech cases. This is now more problematic given that the EPO has imposed stricter deadlines for filing divisional applications. When lack of unity is found Examiners will tend to split the claimed subject matter into different inventions along the lines of the sequences that can be used in the invention. Sometimes each sequence is deemed a separate invention, leading to a large number of inventions being identified. This is unfortunate as there are often other ways to define the inventions that lead to a lower number of total inventions. However given the present practice of the EPO, if the invention relates to multiple sequences then the most important sequence should be listed first (either in the claims or in the description).
The other day I watched a segment on Good Morning, America about the Shroud of Turin. I found it very interesting how much debate and study has gone into this piece of cloth that may or may not have been the burial cloth of Jesus, as if somehow whatever scientists might discover about this cloth would solve the mystery of the ages.
COURT RECESSES
Venessa Ann De La Rosa, was born in Ft. Lewis, Washington and now resides in Atlanta, GA. Having a father in the military afforded her the opportunity to travel all over the US and abroad with her parents. As a young teen she grew up watching her father perform in the theater. She, too, caught the performing bug and began acting and modeling in high school. It was when Venessa participated in the Miss Teen San Antonio pageant that her dream of becoming a successful model grew into a passion. Her unique onstage presence led to an invitation to be a presenter at the Texas Tejano Music awards where she shared the same stage with the late singer Selena. After graduating high school, Venessa decided to follow her father's footsteps and entered into the US Army where she served four years. After serving her term, she entered into corporate America, working for OfficeMax and then relocating to Atlanta to work for the Home Depot Corporate. In 2007 she decided to return to the modeling industry after being inspired by the ANTM season that featured Toccara Jones. Toccara's resilience and positive affirmation of plus size women inspired Venessa to continue to pursue her modeling career.
To welcome some of the now grizzled veterans back?
This salad was a hit on Christmas day. The Bosc pear with the Goat Cheese and simple, simple lemon viniagrette, tossed lightly with mixed greens was the perfect way to start our large family gathering.
Me: "How do you afford your cigarettes?"
“A type of curve that shows the growth of a variable in terms of another variable, often expressed as units of time.
I agree that these are all great cities for book lovers. I love the Strand and I love City Lights. I have to go to the Strand every time I go to New York City (as I've mentioned here before) and as a devout follower of Kerouac I am happy to say that I have made the "counter-culture pilgrimage" to City Lights.
In fact I think Boxing day should be renamed boxset day. This makes me a little cross with myself too because really I love the idea of getting all wrapped up in thermals and chic winter hats and going to the races to top up on festive er cheer (alcohol) and have a gamble out in the open, bracing air on the 26th of December and then perhaps collapsing for boxset day, or what you will, on the 27th- but I'm back to work on the Wednesday and so for me boxing day will be about pots (and pots) of tea, Nancy Mitford, a murder mystery and rose and violet creams. Right now, hugging my venti latte and drinking the fifth resolve of the week it's all I long for.
I carry usually an Iphone or a small camera and just take snapshots of anything that speaks to me, especially colors. When traveling, my eyes are constantly roaming and scanning the scene.
never told you any of it, words
“Five years, since I was 18. How old are you?”
So! We decided to plan a less expensive family vacation this summer in the midwest, but to scratch our Europe itch, Alex and I are taking a quick trip to Amsterdam this weekend! We're going for just four days, while Toby stays home with his beloved babysitters (since a weekend trip to Europe—with long flights + jetlag—would be no fun for a two-year-old). I'm so excited to visit Amsterdam: I've always wanted to see the cool houseboats and even cooler bikers. Also, one of my best friends from college—Penny—is living there right now, and we can't wait to see her.
Mr. Tango Collins (taken aback, but not completely deterred): I'll ask you again in a bit - and I expect you to say yes, because you are just playing hard to get to make me want to dance with you even more.
Holding to that declaration has not been easy. For the two friends, persecution is simply the cost of sharing the gospel with their community. Beatings, the loss of jobs and threatened jail time are to be expected.
But before we recount how upward of 3,000 members of this once 40,000-strong community - almost ten percent - have hitherto been exterminated, we explain who the Boers are and provide a brief, action-packed, history of Boer, Briton and Bantu. Americans will want to hear this! Decades of emasculation - legal and cultural - have created a hunger among American men, especially, for heroic, historic narrative. The story of the South African settlers, circa 1652, is every bit as epic as that of the American settlers. Despite their comparable foibles and frailties, the last haven’t been blackened by historians as much as the first.
Even if lower fuel and energy prices keep us from falling over the cliff for now this last step down has weakened the economy once again and placed it in a very precarious position. We are like a domino set up at the mercy of any new blackswan event and the prospect of a very volatile Summer still in front of us.
Friend: (giving the LOOK) Wow… that’s… uh… interesting.
The longer he stayed in power, the more Colour Sergeant Bombay found it necessary to give himself ever more colourful titles. Lord of All Flora and Fauna. Scourge of the British Empire. Celestial Guardian of the Sun, Moon, and Stars. Sole Discoverer of the Grand Unified Theorem. Patriarch of the United States of Africa. Chief Commander of the Order of the Sahara Desert and the Atlantic Ocean. Father of the Internet. Official signs of heroism and power haunt Bombay through his war years, when he learns that his greatest powers are symbolic: the mythic savagery and animality of the African soldiers is a powerful weapon against the Japanese. As a reward for the effects of this mythic power, Bombay is given a medal. He protests that "he had taken his action not because of bravery but out of fear, and deserved no honour." His Lieutenant is amused that Bombay is naive to his own power and naive to the ways of patriotic awards. An award is a type of propaganda. An award is as much about the award giver as the award receiver. Bombay is a smart man, perhaps even a certain sort of genius. He learns his lessons well.
A few lines,
We had an EASTER CARD CHALLENGE and these ladies made such beautiful cards with Robyn's images. The ladies were given a choice of using either "BARBARA BUNNY" or "CHICKIE" for their card.
I hope that two days from now I’m going WOW that was an awesome meet. And I’m sure that athletes like Bolt and Sally Pearson in addition to the events I highlighted will provide us with some outstanding moments. But the Diamond League group needs to go back to the drawing board, because this is supposed to be the showcase portion of our season, and so far two years in the only difference between the Diamond League and the old Golden League is the name – as the promises made have yet to be delivered.
4. The reality of the lamp at the door is that there is one light that is seen outside and inside. This is vivrita. It takes the vision round and round. This process does justice to the reality of light, revealing that it’s not two lights. The two appear, in the same way as a snake appears in the string.
the magic of the robin’s nest, as we
22. Suzy & Los Quattro-Hank (B Core)
Yes, that's me! I love to garden, craft, and read with my kids. My kids just adore getting mail AND books. To combine the two, now that would be amazing! I blog here at The Educators' Spin On it with my BFF Kim!
Sanderson M, Williams MA, Malone KE, et al. Perinatal factors and risk of breast cancer. Epidemiology 1996; 7: 34-37.
Should I hire an Attorney?
Much is placed on Zell as he has to leave Shyla in the care of a man who wants her given back to the vampires, and go into a portion of Hell that has already claimed one of his friends.
A public hearing held by the Landmarks Preservation Commission on the designation of part of Prospect Heights as a historic district is mostly a love-fest, but mention of the Ward Bakery demolition and AY briefly unsettles the mood.
It is crucial that the lawmakers in Washington, D.C., understand that the economy is a wholly owned subsidiary of the environment.
Publish Date: March 4, 2012
was ment to be "FREE' American Bald Eagle's soaring in the land of NCTC,
setting out, those evenings gleaming
Daniel is called “highly esteemed” by God which i always thought was cool. What makes it really amazing is that it happens three times!
“I’m sorry”
The boys and I stared at Brian, stunned into silence.
"PAUL!" I screamed.
We had a great day. I love hanging out with my sister. She is one of my favourite people in the whole world. I absolutely adore her. And she absolutely adores my son so the three of us always have great times together.
Nor is the anti-statist right, such as the Tea Party, free from the same paradox. Its dominant leaders, such as Michele Bachmann, detest the governmental establishment and (unlike the left) could not care less about equality, social justice or social projects. However, they still want an assertive foreign policy and big army which will be able to wage wars around the world. Thus, Bachmann had criticized President Obama for his “exaggerated” defense cuts. An army fitting a super-power, alas, costs enormous amounts of money and requires a big, convoluted bureaucracy. So Bachmann, too, preaches for a small government, but would like to consume the fruits of a big one. Just like Noam Chomsky and Dai Jinhua, she is beating her milking cow. It is no mere chance, as Reihan Salam notes in Foreign Affairs, that republican presidents such as George W. Bush actually expanded the government though promising otherwise. In the US political scene, it seems, only libertarians like Ron Paul genuinely and consistently follow the vision of a small state. But in order to do so, one has to abandon dreams of justice, sweeping reforms or military prowess. And that proves extremely difficult for most politicians, and voters.
I love making easel cards, they are one of my favourite types of cards to make. So I was really pleased when the Birthday Sundaes challenge this week was to make an easel card - perfect!
Disclosure: I checked out the audiobook from my public library and purchased a copy of the book from Barnes and Noble. This is my honest review!
It doesn’t matter if you are in America or Europe or the moon…working out is a pain. I worked out yesterday for the first time in a long time in the comfort of my own apartment in Germany. Thank you, Jillian Michael’s 30 Day Shred. It kills me when she says at the end, “You are well on your way…to being…shredded.” That doesn’t make me want to do it again. I will though, I will.
1 collectively
Me? I'm off to hospital today too-1st of 3 appts. This is my usual these days.
Business and Career
This contest is open until September 30, 2011 with the winner announced on October 1!
Today i am going to share a traditional recipe with you all.Simply speaking, chokha, as they call it in Bihar, is a rustic dish of veggies cooked and coarsely mashed, topped with fresh flavourings like green chillies and garlic, and a drizzle of mustard oil. It can be eaten hot or cold.Mainly Chokha of eggplant and potato use to serve as side with Litti,Very simlar to Baati in Rajasthan in India but littis are stuffed Baatis.It is easy and quick to make and it has distinguish flavor of its own.So try it with Litti ,baati or just as a part of your meal as side and give me your Feedback.......
The aesthetics of this phone are not bad, it looks like a Motorola SLVR. I actually have the L9 and love it for the camera and high res screen. The F3 on the other hand does not have a camera and only has a monochrome screen. While using the phones most onlookers would not be able to tell the difference.
But that's about it. A poor showing indeed for December.
Today, a jury convicted Jesse James Hollywood of first degree murder and kidnapping.
The first thing that should be addressed is the romance element. Take a look at the cover. It looks like a romance novel. Two faces so close they could actually kiss. Let me tell you, the cover is completely misleading. There is virtually no romance in the novel, that doesn’t mean future books in the series won’t have it, it means that Across the Universe isn’t the place to find it. If you are looking for extreme romance, lovely dovey kisses, you won’t find it here.
but still, if I don't do the organizing now
Faced with such a torrent of sincerity, I had no choice but to apologize, yet so great was my shame, I couldn't even open my mouth. I turned and reluctantly headed toward the door.
James E. Hayden, 47, Westford, Mass.
Activists also must recognize that only one thing, historically, has led to large-scale rebellion: the deaths of a great number of people. Rebellion has never been instigated by the destruction of nature (although the taking of land has been a contributing factor in some popular movements). This is a reflection of human chauvinism, that we only get upset when bad things happen to us. For example, this is one of the reasons why the debate over genetic engineering is finally starting to gain some prominence: it involves a threat to people. (The history of the twentieth century included a number of significant victories against government repression, but far fewer against environmental destruction.)
“But I want to be clear: you moved your goods to market on the roads the rest of us paid for.” – Between fuel taxes, license fees, tolls and various taxes on transportation related activities, the roads budget is smaller than the total tax take.
Collin Kelley:
Your card is gorgeous
I love Eckhart Tolle, and I’m presently listening to his Stillness Speaks CDs when I’m in my car. He has a very interesting take on life, suffering, and pain. If you Google Eckhart Tolle quotes, you’ll find that he has a great deal of information to help inspire and ground us. Here are just a few quotes that I’d like to share with you:
She was described as ‘a great ambassador for Scottish fashion’ and invited back for future years.
Then finish colouring your image as desired.
Enrique doesn’t hide how excited he is working again with J.lo. They first work together when they recorded the track Mouth 2 Mouth. ###batch natano
You would think the weirdness would make you have some sympathy towards this person, which you do at first until you realize it’s a ploy. They are just trying to draw you into this trap of security…like an anaconda.
It was not easy. Over the weekend I would find myself thinking of those ten days that Sam and Red will be away in Isabela . Though the group had coordinated with the Mayor and his constituents, I still am worried , mostly with Red’s condition because his speech is still delayed. Sadly I cannot even visit them because of money reasons and the demands of my work. Tears in my eyes dwelled knowing that I was having a hard time letting go of my son and my friend was right.
And this pork chop. It’s a bit peculiar as well. What is up with this Dijon mustard glaze?
She fucking opened the box and tried to take some of the beauty for herself! Did she learn nothing about Pandora, never open a box that has anything to do with gods, it leads to only pain and suffering! So guess what happens to her? There was actually no beauty inside that box, but instead an infernal sleep that overcomes her. Poor Psyche would have remained in a Sleeping Beauty like coma forever, but her prince charming was about to make the save.
He was one of the residents I truly enjoyed interacting with on the days I worked.
As for the Terrie Williams Agency, somehow the Times missed the juicy quote in the New York Observer in which BUILD's James Caldwell claimed he didn't know who was paying for the agency's services.
“And does he have a name?”
I then wanted to try making the same design with 3 mm bicones to see how it'd look. A tiny bit too small it seems: you get more of a gap between crystal and twin bead, exposing the thread in a less than pleasing way.
Fatigue is characterized by, but not limited to, the following:
During tonight’s session, we prayed.
1. Bid money must be paid through PayPal.
“Notice also that Bersih supporters were protecting the injured policeman and taking him to safety. Citizens were protecting the police , alright.. question is was the police doing their duty to protect the citizens, or were they inflicting injury on purpose ?”
Come bring your good friends too
TCI: Yeah, I was reading about that. Obviously, that was part of the original idea: we’ll create these five EPs and at the end we’ll compile the best or all of them. Was the idea of creating the LP series part of idea to be grand, so the simple fan can just purchase the compilation?
My husband's parents were visiting this weekend for the occasion. They took our daughters out for the afternoon while I decorated.
I do plan in advance... without an outline of the story I find it's very easy to wander off at a tangent! This is not only indulgent for me but potentially either boring or confusing for the reader. However I don't like to pin everything down. It's no fun to write if you know exactly what's going to happen. I create a basic structure - a few bullet points about the plot - then fill in the rest as I write.
But I admitted to her when she told me that I completely understand why she’s doing in, and that I think it’s the right thing for her to do. If nothing else, I’m sure she’ll regret it if she doesn’t give it a try.
Hayden Payne - The New Stone Age
As a way to manage your health, herbs and spices are a fantastic way to increase the medicinal value of your food. They can also have the role of flavor boosters. So for instance, instead of adding an exaggerated amount of salt in your food to enhance the taste, you can liberally season them with herbs and spices. Below are some herbs and spices you may have been enjoying with no idea as to their value:
The credits roll, and we assume that the rest of the film will be a Mystery of the Wax Museum-style piece about a mad sculptor.
Before you hear anything I’ve written for a correspondent or anchor to say, I must obtain written approval of every syllable from at least five people: our executive producer, a lawyer with our legal department, a representative from standards & practices, the producer of the story, and the show’s anchor.
Waray Art Revolution (W.A.R.) 2012 Event Schedule
According to Crosby Noricks, ‘PR Couture’ incorprates social media into their business, because social media acts as an additional channel to share PR Couture articles, build relationships and identify news. And through this social media activity, she wants to achieve a goal “to drive traffic back to PR Couture (Website), to build brand awareness, build relationships and find out things to write about. I don’t have measurable goals but twitter and Facebook are the second biggest traffic drivers to the site. I have a goal on Pinterest to reach 3,000 followers by the end of March.” Crosby, a founder of ‘PR Couture’, has been aware of the importance of social media, and she completely support the company’s social media campaign.
While That's Cooking (this is the key part...multitasking!):
McLaren is the second most successful constructor in the history of the Spanish Grand Prix, the most recent of its eight wins coming in 2005. Jenson has one victory in the race, in 2009, while Lewis Hamilton achieved a best result of second last year.
below and there’s a short sample from it to listen to there too:
What the hell was up with the “Rolling around smelling the sheets in the crime scene” bit at the end of episode 4? Seriously, what the fuck?
Although, truth be told, the storyline is a complete and utter mess too. The main problem is that the characters in this game have a habit of doing things for no particular reason, even though those things go against the personality they've been shown to have or against the ideals that they seem to uphold. It's kinda hard to go into details without spoiling the storyline for people, but there were numerous occasions in this game were I basically said to myself, "Lolwut?" One such occasion - an occasion that is unlikely to spoil anything for people who may want to play this game after reading this review - comes during the scene were Emmett is turned to the cause of the rebellion. I felt that the scene took a character who seemed rather happy in his support for the Republic's government, happy in the job that he had and generally happy with his life and made him flip-flop over to the side of the rebellion far too quickly and with far too few reasons. If fact, this scene is the least of the game's worries, as several other scenes are much worse. The ending scene and the scene that occurs before the aforementioned shooting scene are definitely candidates for the "Most Ridiculous Character Flip-Flop In An Amateur Game" award. The game's plot is basically a series of faulty justifications for Emmett being forced through another set of difficult circumstances (and broken minigames). I didn't enjoy it at all.
Stacey - 71
Meanwhile, we’re in Election mode for the next thirty-three days. Elections on 21 August. And may God have mercy on our souls.
Overall, the third movement brings the symphony an appropriately light, celebratory ending. It nicely contrasts with both the solemnity of the first movement and the emotional fervency of the second. But the mysterious concluding sonority creates a slightly unsettling final sensation after all the partying:
Wealth: 5, Fancy Hat (+1 Romance), Monocle (+1 Haggle), Hunting Horn (+1 Command)
“His favourite horror film was Witchfinder General,” according to Mandy. “He liked and admired Vincent Price immensely, and knew him and his wife when he was younger. I dislike horror films, but he did persuade me to go to a showing of The Old Dark House put on by the Gothique Film Society, which we both loved. Since he died I have watched Stigmata and loved it and I am sure he would have too. I know, I know; its anti-Roman Catholic, but entertaining. I know this was his taste in horror.”
7. Babe I'm Gonna Leave You
Today I remember her, today is her day,
So my question to parents of school children who doubt unschooling is: How will you make sure your kids learn the right things?
I recently showed one of my prized Great Blue photos to a duck hunting pal and to my horror he tore at my heart with his quick cutting comment, "That is one hell of an ugly bird!"
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
You can see that my paints have been buried under a myriad of things. And these pictures don't even do justice to the height of the piles on this little table! I don't dare show you the whole area or you'll be calling "Hoarders" for sure!
So, the lapsed Catholic in me is chuckling as I find myself, for the second time in as many months, reviewing a book that outwardly appears to be religious in nature. The first was Beatitude by Larry Closs which, as you can see from the title, would require some explanation. Rest assured, dear reader, the book had nothing to do with the eight blessings found within the bible. I promise you.
A living being, faced with something unlikeable or untenable, will make a choice about dealing with it. If a sudden flame pops up when I’m grilling, I jump back. The meat on the grill just sits and burns. So much simpler and easier. So much more peaceful. A group of people going someplace, such as a long line to get into a show or event, has to decide to keep moving, or else work their way off the line. A group of objects just gets sorted and swept. Any of them that hit the floor do so by pure accident.
8: Sweet Darling
The next challenge took us south on foot to look for a metro bus, which would save time and leather. We assumed that the all-day Metro passes would work on the metro busses, and thankfully the first driver waived us on when we showed him our train passes.
Then I go home and think my dinner of cold organic pasta and IKEA elderflower juicebox is a legit fancy meal. ohhh my life...
I am really enjoying this book and can't wait to see how it all ends. I still have quite a few chapters left and I know it could go any which way....which makes it a great book. I can't predict how it will turn out. If you like historic novels or romance novels I suggest you read this one, I promise you wont be disappointed.
why does the new blogger platform not understand paragraph breaks and smoosh my paragraphs into one lump sum. it no understand spaces. and where the heck is the spell check? I can't be expected to spell words on my own! well, never mind i guess. 'YOUR MOM MADE MEATLOAF EVEN THOUGH I DON'T EAT MEAT--I DUG YOU SO MUCH--I TOOK SOME FOR THE TEAM'!!!
Shirley MacLaine (Madame Sousatzka)
in this 3 bedroom 1 bath rental house that we call home.
But ignoring the servant’s identity, his mission’s quite clear: to find Isaac a wife from his extended clan. In light of this bit of information, the way he goes about his task’s a bit unusual: he doesn’t actually appeal to Abraham’s clansmen, but rather sits at the well and picks a girl more or less arbitrarily, hoping to find the divine hand in randomness. There’s more justification in this practice than might seem to be the case: the presumption that the result of casting of lots indicates the divine will is repeated elsewhere in the Bible, so it’s established as a means of enlisting God’s help, and also, Eliezer’s criterion isn’t completely blind, since his test involves an act of charity (and of significant labor) on the part of the prospective bride, and thus it’s a little better than a purely random selection. He seems to realize it’s a risk though, because he hedges his hopes (24:21) and only relaxes (24:26) after verifying that she’s of the right family. Apropos of that family: we got a little bit of background at the end of Chapter 22 that I didn’t focus on, but Rebecca is Abraham’s brother Nahor’s granddaughter, which makes her Isaac’s first cousin once removed, I think.
This cake wasn't in my original schedule of cake making, but it was all well worth spending all the times and effort to make it for that very special joyous moment. It didn't take me too long to decide what cake I wanted to make for her. After a few questions of what she likes and doesn't like, I decided to make something with chocolate (yes, two chocolate cake in a row, during summer time! very unusual), more specifically a chocolate and hazelnut cake.
I’m Listening to: Heart of My Own by Basia Bulat. Oh my goodness. Her voice is so plaintive. It almost aches with emotions. With lyrics like this how can you not enjoy this song. I think I may purchase the whole CD. This was a free download via Starbucks. Definitely worth listening.
Which brings me back to my comment about the "roller coaster". We know the Bible says we will have difficulties in this life. We will all face challenges, and go through trials. That is a part of life this side of Heaven. Just be aware that when we are facing tough circumstances, that's when we're most vulnerable. We must be alert to not allow the devil to use the above tools to attack our minds and emotions.
He no longer comes as a serpent we see with our eyes. In fact, he often comes in our thoughts disquised in the first person. We actually think that it's our OWN thoughts, instead of recognizing where they truly come from. It looks like this "I'm not as talented as that person", "I don't read the Bible enough", "I don't have any friends", "I'm always going to struggle with this problem", "You're never going to succeed". "Good things always happen to other people"...on & on it goes In these moments, you have to practice 2 Cor. 10:5 "...take captive every thought to make it obedient to Christ."
The coolest moment for me though was camel pose, second set. Instead of facing the front mirror she had us face the back wall to start. In the full expression, we ended up looking at our own posture in the front mirror... upside down with our smiling happy faces. It was incredible!!! Such an exhilarating moment for me. I looked at myself in the posture and just thought wow, look at my body! It's amazing! Beautiful, strong, powerful. Not the kind of thoughts I think about myself without yoga! But I gained so much respect for myself in that moment. I realized that in spite of its flaws or pain or whatever else, my body is powerful and capable and full of potential. Anyway, it was a really cool moment for me and a great
The committee tells us that in accepting, as we do in some cases, the withdrawal of life-support treatment to allow a person to die, we are already practising euthanasia; therefore, legalizing euthanasia is just a small step forward. But these are false and misleading analogies in support of a false and misleading line of argument. It’s legalizing euthanasia through confusion. There is a radical difference between killing a person and allowing them to die of natural causes.
This post is LONG overdue but as I was going through old posts I realized I never showed you this completed project. If you don't remember what I'm talking about, you can catch up with part 1, part 2, and part 3 and read the progress.
The only traces of the houses remain in the form of piles of stone neatly arranged into circles, with a deep hole in the centre for storage or later use as a tomb, a flat stone for making bread and a narrow rocky tunnel for rearing guinea pigs.
Riding on transit, I can see that I’m not the only one who thinks so. eReaders like the Kindle, the Sony eReader and the Kobo (which was a Canadian company, and has just been bought by a Japanese firm), can be seen everywhere. They are not nearly as big as the iPad or other the new Samsung Galaxy and their eInk technology is great for reading. For me, the main appeal was that the Kobo is very light, and really beats lugging a hardcover around with you. The eInk technology of my Kobo Wifi was also a lot like reading a real book, and didn’t tire the eyes like an LCD screen.
PLEASE REMEMBER......
There are going to be four books all together in the Rebel Angels sequence and Bloodstone, the second, is just out. many female bloggers have waited, hearts a-flutter, for the return of Seth and tend to fall into rather overheated descriptions of his appeal so I am going to be restrained.
“He’s a shame to his nation,” Mama snapped. Julien stared. Then they heard the shift in the announcer’s voice and turned sharply to the radio.
My Blog Spark is offering to give away another $25 gift card to one of my subscribers. This is an extremely short giveaway. The first one to comment will be the winner. This will be available for 2 hours and if there are no comments I will pick a winner using random.org.
Department of Foreign Affairs
how I go about tidying out a cupboard/space.
4. We had band day today, it was pretty much watching the movie drumline live at our kids future high school. The most memorable part wasn’t a song or an instrument though it was a moment. I feel blessed to have witnessed an interaction between two students that made me remember what was important, and I took pride in being able to share such a teachable moment with my kids. 756 some 5th graders from our county were filing into a stadium, we were one of the first schools seated in the bleachers so I was perusing those students coming in. Two boys caught my eye, they were walking so close, in fact they were hooked arm in arm, their smiles so distracting I didn’t even realize that the one student was blind. I was absolutely mesmerized at how “caring, loving, and proud” his partner who was literally guiding him up the bleachers was. It looked like he had been given the specialist task of the day, and in my heart it really was. I got my kids attention and told them to look on, take notice what they saw, and remember how every day you chose to be the difference one remembers in anothers life. My teammate who was previously teacher of the year and is an astounding science teacher witnessed the moment and my reaction and a few minutes later pulled me aside and said you know what, our really good at that, recognizing that stuff, and sharing it with the kids. They would’ve never realized. Though “numbers” might not show it sometimes, today I felt like the most successful teacher ever.
give them
stretching through lifetimes
I cannot understand him.
The sweet malts are in excellent form, but there's a shade more bitterness in this recipe, resulting in an overall experience which feels a shade more mindful of balance and flavour-contrast than many of the other 'big malt' ales.
Every year New Year's Eve rolls around and I feel like I should be making resolutions for the new year. I should be turning new leaves and lining up goals. It's what you do. But every year my brain rejects such activities. It looks around and says "I don't see anything new about it. It's exactly like the past weeks and no different from the coming weeks." And so and resolutions I had been contemplating easily dissolve into mush simply because I can't keep them in my head.
MUFE #49 - crease and above
This is the online portfolio of Nicole Nussbaum, a Graphic Design/Interactive Media student at Northeastern University. I am currently working at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute as a Graphic Design Co-op. I am also available for freelance/contract work.
12:39 left in the 2nd Quarter. UH stalls out like an old El Camino. UCLA 7, UH 10
2010.09.06 Pakistan Kohat 21 40 Women and children are most of the two dozen victims in a powerful suicide blast on their residential compound.
Three days into our tour and the warm sun of South America is already shining in my heart. Since Pete and I have no desire to plan anything I'm excited to see where life takes us. In a day or two we'll head north towards Santa Marta, but as it's a twenty-four hour bus ride we've decided to break it up into a few days and stop where we feel like it. Until then, safe travels wherever you are. I'll keep you posted.
All Without Fear!
This is the view from my room (although this was taken in the stairwell). We have neighbors!
✈ Was the "Island" a real island that just happened to have magical properties?
leg
After a day in Toronto, what about six days in New York City, for the Virtual Worlds Conference and Expo. Once again, this conference lived up to its billing to bring together the top minds and leaders in the virtual world field. Keynotes by Sibley Verbeck, CEO Electric Sheep, and Reuben Steiger Millions of Us, topped off two full days of sessions about marketing, new virtual worlds, and legal issues surrounding bringing your brand into virtual worlds. Another great conference, and key for catching up with our strategic partners like Christopher Keesey, Ohio University, Bill May from State, and Fleep Toque from U Cincinnati who captured a pic of Ken using his blackberry on the couch. So, if it was a two day conference, why were you there for six? Give us a break, it’s New York!
The threat of bad weather kept us close to home this weekend, but lucky for me there was an Estate Sale close by. Do you ever feel that you would have liked the person who's stuff you are looking through? I did at this sale. She was a quilter, and a needle worker. I was able to buy this "cutter" for a song. I had to wash it as soon as I walked in the door. Maybe they had animals, but it made me sneeze. There are only a handful of squares that are not frayed to shreds. Still, I thought it was so well done, well loved
Cam Ward: I just have not heard of any such bribe or conversation. The first I read about it was in the newspaper. Maybe she did have the conversation but it is not something I heard.
Smoking is a Civil Liberty, just as the choice to NOT smoke is a Civil Liberty as well.
The bicep lies in front of the upper arm. You know when men pose with their arm up at 90 degrees, they are (trying) to show off their biceps.
Some symptoms….
My eating was pretty balanced with healthy foods and some indulgence as well.
The goal is to build layers and depth. Sponge a layer of white glaze over the entire surface and then feather it with your brush. Step back and look at the area. If you want it darker do the previous steps again. Next you will start to add more specific sharper veins.
File bankruptcy
I couldn't be arsed driving the 35 minutes into Christchurch to get a gluten free Pizza for her from Hell Pizza, soooooo ....
I’ve travelled a pile before. I don’t say that lightly, I’m know I’m lucky. But it has always been to places where there was a known face at the other end, (though never standing behind the arrivals barrier ready to call out my name, I’m secretly waiting for my Love Actually moment, it will happen one day!), where I more or less knew how I was going to get there and where I was going to stay. While I wait for Sciences Po to give the final verdict on my exchange application, I feel utterly helpless in the ability to put any real plans in place, much less, seriously consider making any commitment or investigation into the various great opportunities for share house/apartments that are currently being advertised via the uni’s facebook site…
Why, I didn't even complain - much - when you rearranged the entire store to meet a nationally standardized layout. I simply wandered about, lost, until I was familiar with the new product placements. Now I can once again shop in my sleep, blindfolded, should the need arise.
Paneer - 1/2 cup
~ Laurence Sterne, Tristram Shandy
The key to being able to attract what you want in life is to develop the belief that you really do deserve whatever it is that you are after. So, if it is the love of a woman that you want, then you need to believe that you do deserve her affections. It may be hard to feel that way if you are not used to getting the kind of outcome that you want most of the time, but it is something that you need to be able to believe in.
Teaching your child to become Wendy Williams
The suspiciously-timed recent Imam revelations – first, the Saudi cleric suggesting followers of Islam could make penance for atonement by purchasing freedom for slaves in Mauritania; second, the Imam Sheikh Dedew in Mauritania saying slavery doesn’t exist in the country – have had the desired effect, and are creating a rift in the opposition with claims of racism etc being bandied about. This is strongly reminiscent of the “Touche Pas” racism schism I saw being manufactured out of thin air exactly one year ago. Sad part is, people will fall for it again despite themselves.
Pres A Vi - 6:30
To cut a long story short, Hitler worked on some menial jobs for a while and then he joined the German Army. It was in 1919, when a 32-year-old Hitler discovered that he has the gift of gab. Hitler’ audience often comprised rowdy thugs, but they gave him the confidence to launch the National Socialist German Workers or NAZI Party in 1920. In 1932, the NAZI party was democratically elected as the largest party, and in 1933, Hitler gained complete control of the party.
And those two girls picked up on every bit of his discontent and yearning.
Attorney Hue Henry, who was also a member of the theater group and knew all the victims well, worked with Bruce and said his colleague was private about her personal life and didn't say much about Zinkhan.
A: They might not want to admit it, but when I was there, my goodness, people were saying, "Are we really snake-bit? Are we really cursed?" Doubts and talks like that came about. Everybody just tried to brush it to one side and remain positive, but it was hard to escape because everybody was talking about it. It's hard to argue when it keeps happening year after year after year.
from the fear of being humiliated,
The archive in the digital age is a complex topic approachable from multiple angles and involving “numerous issues that the general academic community often fails to understand or address, even though they bear significant implications for the future of scholarship” (Cavanagh). Focusing on economics and sustainability, this post is the first of several entries devoted to issues surrounding archival transformations in the digital era. The discussions arising from these posts also serve as preparation for the “Digital Humanities and the Archives” roundtable that will take place on Friday, March 22nd, at the upcoming ASECS 2012 conference in San Antonio, Texas.
Economics is grounded in theory and models, and economists are mildly obsessed by equations, graphs and demand curves. However, the economy has many variables, including, to economists’ great annoyance, irrational beings. In order to ensure that models and theories are robust, they must be tested. A preferred test method is empirical analysis, which examines whether economic policies supported by theory are also supported by evidence.
One of my surprise favourites has been the fish 'torta' sandwich, the grilled fish fillets sweet and slightly smoky, dressed with the cabbage, coriander and stripes of creamy mayonnaise.
We love Onions so much and they’re a great crop to keep over the Winter months that we over-planned the amount we need. What is a crop that you always over-plant because you love it?
In order to keep up with wire products demand, a wire drawing facility was built in 1980 within 3 miles of the main Franklin Park plant. This plant draws wire for threaded rod, u-bolts, eyebolts and various other wire forms, including special products requested by customers. All the wire drawing/forming is done here using exclusively USA made steel.
So here is my kitchen-to-be. It has a good work triangle--I love the u-shape and the bay window.
When you really try hard at something it is truly amazing what you can accomplish. Take this sketch. OK, it looks simple, but I spent hours searching deep within myself for the meaning of me. I stripped away flesh, bone, hair and everything recognisable to reveal just my essence. This is how I see myself. A moon head on sticks balancing precariously in blissful ignorance of the fragility of my situation.
How did you end up in Atlanta?
Like a big plastic pool
How to deal? Join an author's forum, for sure. The only people who can truly understand how crushing the blow was on that full rejection are your fellow writers, and they're willing to listen, because they know they'll need your shoulder next week. I highly recommend AgentQuery Connect and Query Tracker as professional and positive places to find others like yourself.
I managed to get this when Amazon was offering it on Subscribe and Save and have still been able to have it shipped that way. I'm sure next month they'll not do it anymore and then I'll be sad. I love that it uses several different proteins(Pea, Hemp, Rice with Chia Seed) and has lots of greens as well as 10 essential amino acids. Plus, the taste is delicious!!
The clean city.
My next reply was from MaheDrysdale the 5 time world champion and Olympic bronze medalist in 2008 in my old event the single sculls says that superstitious routines can only be a hinderance as if they do not happen the way you wanted them to it only serves to hinder your performance mentally if you do not do them the same way every time.
Yes, even I can be swept up in the lameness of corny, bell bottom clad, buffoon haired pinups from a by-gone era. I’m female. It’s what happens. Fortunately, the guys backed it up with several strong pop singles, of which “Saturday Night” is my favourite. I’ve always been a sucker for several lame pop music conventions- la-la-la choruses, and chants among them.
Protecting income and assets from French taxes has never been easy, but has become particularly challenging over the last 18 months, during which period one observer counted 700 changes in tax rules!
After we moved up, J let me know that their family was taking a trip to Flathead Lake for 4th of July and had extra room in their rental house and we were welcome to join them. Josh can't really be taking time off work yet, but there was no reason we couldn't make a weekend of it, so we headed on up! Saturday morning, we watched this doe and her fawn from the deckand then we took the short drive up to Glacier National Park. Since we expect to be visiting quite a few National Parks in the near future, we went ahead and got an Annual Parks Pass. The annual pass will get us into most of the sites run by the National Parks Service and using it 2 or 3 times (depending on the location) will pay it off.
May we all remember the Silent Pain that many women walk in everyday. The empty cradles or infant graves that they deal with each day. Our world doesn't allow us to walk through life without thorns, and yet we have a Savior that wore the thorns so that we will be perfect, lacking in nothing.
2. My music, my bands. The people I would give anything to see live. To just shake there hand and thank them for making this music that has gotten me through it all, because no matter what happens, no matter what changes in my life their music is always there for me. Just to stand in a swaying crowd with other adoring fans just like me, singing the words right back at them would be the best feeling in the world. I feel the exact same way as Charlie I really do hope they are happy and they feel it’s enough.
like summer
I feel as if I often repeat myself. I've said all the things I could say that I have felt and ever felt. Everyday is a new day, and I'm OK with having good days as they are more often now then they once were. There is still a push of guilt when I have a succession of good days, but I try not to beat myself up over it. I have some projects I plan to start again. I started the memory box idea, but now have decided to make some adjustments to the legacy left by Savanna. I don't want to share too much as I plan to have an 'unveiling' soon. As I've stayed away from this place due to the extremely busy schedule and the fear of repetition there is one thing I have realized. I love this space. I love what it represents. I love what it says. I love where it has taken me. I love the people that I have 'met.' With that being said.. I will be taking a bit of a hiatus. Although it seems that I already have, there has been an underlaying pressure when I think about blogging. So, to relieve myself of that pressure, I will be taking a leave of absence. I don't know how long, but I know for certain it's not forever. And who knows, taking that pressure off of myself, I may find here back again before you know it.
Mamma. Don’t sing.
And while we're playing make believe, this would be my outdoor grilling area/kitchen and that would be me of course.
Buddy was a baby in an orphanage who stowed away in Santa’s sack and ended up at the North Pole. Later, as an adult human who happened to be raised by elves, Santa allows him to go to New York City to find his birth father, Walter Hobbs. Hobbs, on Santa’s naughty list for being a heartless jerk, had no idea that Buddy was even born. Buddy, meanwhile, experiences the delights of New York City (and human culture) as only an elf can. When Walter’s relationship with Buddy interferes with his job, he is forced to reevaluate his priorities.
Our refrigerator is covered with pictures. At the beginning of this school year I even found colored magnetic clips to showcase each of our children's artwork. A glimpse of our life's new meme Virtual Refrigerator will be a way for my blogging friends to share art and view creative new ideas to try each Thursday. It will be easy to join, and when you link up please grab the code for the Virtual Refrigerator widget and share it in your sidebar or within the post that you link up. Be sure to link to your specific post and not just the blog url. And be sure to keep this family friendly.
"Yes!"
Shortly after the visit of Mr Urbanisme to our house, I decided to take matters in hand and hold a meeting. At this point there was still some confusion as our paperwork stated the ground floor neighbour was the syndic, but nobody else's did. He just happened to be doing the syndic's role as he was the first to buy. Either way, someone was going to have to get things rolling and of course, that person was me.
Although this season's dineLA is over, the good news is that all of the dishes above are still available (though at higher prices from the regular menu), with many, many other exciting options on offer.
God has called Latter-day Saint women to prepare his children for the challenges of the last days. In order to fulfill this calling, we must be both learners and teachers of eternal truths. We must study the scriptures that we might arm our children with knowledge of Jesus Christ and his gospel. We must guard our homes against any intrusion of evil. We must seek the guidance of the Holy Spirit. We must make our homes holy places in which to stand. Sisters, we must faithfully fulfill here the sacred trust we willingly accepted there. Mary F. Foulger, “Motherhood and the Family”, Ensign, Nov. 1980, 105
It's a balancing act, without a doubt- full time job, making art, marketing the art, etc.- but it's something I have to keep trying to work out as best I can. We may not be able to adjust time, but we can adjust our thinking. It really is, ultimately, all in how we look at it.
His rebuilt, old shed has been made into a potting shed by replacing the north-facing walls with windows from the tip shop and half of the roof is glass too. This is my kind of potting shed and I am green with envy..... but I have a plan!
I thought after day one and a few tinkles it was going to just continue to get better and better, but Lauren seemed to regress on Day 2 & 3.
…The whole idea of celibacy made sense to my mind: conserve the vital essence and transmute “lower desires” into higher “spiritual perceptions”; do not waste or dissipate the sex energy as it is a strain and hindrance in cultivating the spirit.
It’s hard to believe that two decades have passed since the beating of Rodney King and the verdict that resulted in the most violent episode of social unrest in U.S. history, which unfolded before our eyes. Maybe I should qualify that to say in modern times, because there are many instances of unrest and riots that, in my opinion, were worst.
The Man of the House goes to this same conference every year and this is the first time we have taken advantage of its location.
We had our new beginnings a few weeks ago and I thought I'd post a few things that we did. We got the theme idea from the blog Go Forward with Faith. Our girls loved it!
François Couture
But, I got my heart broken and my illusions shattered, and now I am in the middle of a process that is taking me places I never thought I would go. I am being truthful with myself and others and I am finding that the levels of self-everythings are rising. I am finding that without the man I want and love, I am able to be happy. I find without the job, I am even happier. My worth and value are not tied to any person except myself, my worth and value is not measured by where I work or how much I make. It is tied to me and what I do to make each day as productive for me as possible. My esteem and respect do not come from others and their validation or approval….it comes from me making the best choices/decisions for me and being able to hold my head up high once I make those decisions. My esteem and respect come from me knowing when to bow out, let go and doing what I need to do to move on. All of my rising self-everythings levels rise when I make the right choice/decisions versus the best ones and do what needs to be done to embrace and utilize the changes being wrought.
Smile, what’s the use of crying?
It is no surprise, then, that Al Qaeda’s first major attack on the US was partly planned from the UK. After the actual attack, the claim of responsibility also came from the UK – from London. To plan all this carnage, which was part of this new Global Jihad, Osama bin Laden set up a ‘media information office’ which he named the Advisory and Reformation Committee.
It might be me, pedaling furiously up Topanga Canyon Blvd., trying to escape my mundane surroundings, those dismal markers of materialism defined by Best Buy, Crate and Barrel and Nordstrom.
Mr Sheridan asked the witness if, after they had arrested Clive Goodman, the police had asked him to whom he was responsible. DCS Williams replied that Mr Goodman had “refused to answer any questions.”
“Of course not! I got the idea from Oprah’s Ultimate Favorite Things 2010.”
Before I get into the recipe, I would like to say that these cookies made me excited for several reasons…1. They really did look and taste how I wanted them to, 2. They are quick and easy. If you’ve read my blog you know I am all about sprouting/soaking my flours, which let’s be realistic, sometimes you don’t have time for all that and you just need a cookie ASAP!! 3. This recipe is Gluten-free (so I can make it for my friends who have to be Gluten-free), it’s grain-free so there’s no overload on carbs, and it can be GAPS-diet friendly.
Kennedy did put out a lot of money, but he was assassinated. As you know, the public space program just disappeared in the 1970s when that funding ran out, and just stopped completely. President Sukarno was hounded from office.
I’ve been waiting to give an update on my current Pulitzer novel, Honey in the Horn, until there was something worthy of remark. I’m closing in on the half-way point, and I guess it’s time to remark upon the unremarkable.
Lap trays for the car in anticipation of needing to get takeout while on the road… We don’t leave dogs in the car, especially in the summer… In the desert…
He subsequently went on to serve as a Counselor in the North America Division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MINREX). Martinez Borbonet arrived in Nicaragua last November, two weeks after a landslide victory propelled longtime Havana-ally Daniel Ortega into a controversial third term. The appointment of Martinez Borbonet as ambassador reflects the increasingly close ties between the two nations. Previously, Rene Ceballo Prats had led the Embassy as chargé d’affaires since 2009.
I finished the first draft in October, put it on the shelf for two months to let it breathe and have been editing for the last month. Editing that consists of rewriting the entire second half, complete with changing the ending. I have spent so much time with my characters I'm kind of at the point where I don't give a shit what happens to them.
Your homework
Urban Decay Naked Palette Eye Shadow in Buck
Puree the steamed pumpkin (or mash very well) and add to bowl, stirring to combine. Add the next 9 (dry) ingredients. Mix well. Add the walnuts (or your nut of choice).
Shindig on the Green
3 formed
3 Tablespoons milk or water
