Forgive me for not finding fresh content and kindly bear with me as I try to get the tempo…will be back to regular schedule of blogging soonest enough.
I’d love to hear stories about how poker players out there broke through the “beginner blues” and upped their game. Please, feel free to comment with any advice you might have, and I’ll start collecting some interesting hands to post here and reason my way through.
In the end, however, there is one respect in which His Holiness was NOT a centrist -- his stand in favour of individual rights versus the power of the Communist State. So in that respect he was very much a conservative, and a great one. And there seems little doubt that his respect for the individual lay at the instinctive heart of his thinking -- as two wonderful stories (here and here) from his early life strongly suggest. It is a great tribute to the church that it found such a holy man to lead it for so long and it is a great tribute to conservatism that a man of such integrity and genuine righteousness is called conservative. If any man deserves the title of "compassionate conservative" it is undoubtedly John Paul II.
Get the picture? Do I need to spell it out for you? I don't think I will. When we got out to the rig and started changing clothes, he showed us his injury. It was close to the top of "it" and had required 27 stitches to close.
“We have destroyed and killed them and the last statistics affirm that 1,200 soldiers of the enemy were killed. We have also confiscated great amounts of military equipment, trucks, weapons and ammunition,” he told reporters.
Greek - I request you leave you go my fall of blow
For the record, I am not an economist and did not inherit the arithmetic gene from my late father, a CPA. Instead I have made my way with whatever skills I have as a writer. Suffice to say, I am still working to pay the rent. My interest in the economy is personal.
I’m just glad Zoey’s back to eating. Thanks for your prayers. A special shout-out to Funkykarmamagic. Pluma is beautiful. So glad she took time out of her busy day to purr-yer for Zoey. On top of everyone’s purr-yers, Zoey got kisses to the forehead from her mommy. Zoey is loved and I think she knows it. I was told when she returned from the vet she flaunted herself in front of Tigger and nearly paid dearly. Tigger is very very jealous when it comes to their mommy. I guess he smelled her on Zoey and went berserk. His uncharitable behavior toward the in-valid earned him an extended stay outside. Which I’m sure he didn’t mind.
pular plate proteico and private room comes for Saturdays. In the bay region it should be proven the absolutely “siri casquinha”, a lightly spicy cream, served as antipasto, has like base delicious pulp of a small called crab “siri”. But the most traditional and good plate in the kitchen bahiana is the “peixe moqueca”. kind of a soup of white fish, dry shrimps, vegetables, coconut milk and dendé oil, a typical palm of the area. It is served as accompaniment to a fish plate to the parilla. The Brazilian dinner begins and it often finishes with a glass “caipirinha”, cocktail to base gave cachaca (distilled of cane of sugar), lemon and sugar.
So I took up scuba diving - is that close enough?
He looks serious, "You had me seriously worried.Don't do that again"
Tasmanian, and sly, which has never been
(And that illustrates the “inappropriate” nature of the stewardship).
Thank you very much - your performance was fascinating!
In a separate statement it was argued that state law bars release of a certified birth certificate to anyone who does not have a tangible interest. - Which, of course, ignores the fact that Barry has a tangible interest in his own certificate, and, as president could demand its publication at any stage, if it exists, that way we would not have to rely on a document stating that another document exists, together with some scans of some 1961, birth announcements in which the print announcing little Barry's arrival is just a tad clearer than anything else on the page. (when people start producing "supporting evidence" whilst withholding the main evidence, you know they are hiding something)
I have always wanted to commit myself to a martial art discipline. There were just too many excuses and obstacles that prevented me not to. After trying Aikido way back in college, I decided not to pursue any art that would take years to master and would require youth and great flexibility.
But not too long ago, something clicked. Yes, I am retired, which should mean I can do anything I want. Not happening. However, everything I’m doing is something I want to do. Something I’ve chosen to do. Something that makes me feel fulfilled and happy. Something I’ve been waiting for retirement to be able to do.
He is fused into Nature. Nature always appear as ‘Sa-amba-siva’ to me! My dad’s injection of Lord Shiva’s tattvam turned me into his Bhakta. On every visit to my native, I first visit my Lord’s temple – the feeling I get on seeing at the lingam is unexplainable. I feel assured! I stare at that lingam affectionately thinking who can else give THIS MUCH THIS MUCH THIS MUCH assurance being ‘in the position of God!’ Just as a practice only I visit Ganapathi mandir in that temple premises being hurry to see my great-father, Lord Shiva. I preferred ‘Hara hara hara mahadeva, shambho shankara’ to ‘Aum bhoorbhuvah suvaha’. I preferred “Naagendra haaraaya thrilochanaaya!” to “Saraswathee Namasthubhyam!” I never looked at him as an entity to be feared.
During the first of the monthly gatherings, all night only five people came. For about four hours, there were only two of us at what was then the only BURN furnace in the UK. At the time, that was pretty discouraging. Now, however, I’m grateful that I can remember the journey and put these firstfruits into context. Sometimes, the joy of the offering is greater for the waiting and the pressing in. And it won’t stop there, either – they’re ‘first’ fruits. There’s more to come.
Rogues Farmstead pilot brewery sent some unfinished ESB that was all wort.
Add your link...
Thanks to my mom handing hers down to me, I am now the proud owner of a Nook Color. I am very excited to have downloaded a bunch of free books and have also started a wish list of things I want to read. I was a hardcore resister of the e-reader movement but have to admit that I like it. I like that I can carry multiple books in one easy device. And if there is a book I really love, I can go buy the paper version to keep.
Gregory: awesome
Guinsoo: Something about blinding darts. I think he’s talking about Teemo.
"While this court has not attempted to define with exactness the liberty thus guaranteed, the term has received much consideration and some of the included things have been definitely stated. Without doubt, it denotes not merely freedom from bodily restraint but also the right of the individual to contract, to engage in any of the common occupations of life, to acquire useful knowledge, to marry, establish a home and bring up children, to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, and generally to enjoy those privileges long recognized at common law as essential to the orderly pursuit of happiness by free men."
It’s made me feel better already.
Frustrated, the man answered,"Put that son of a bitch on the phone, I'm lost and i need directions!..
The association of a beer brand with the Raise a Glass appeal this year has raised the issue of binge drinking and its place in Australian culture on Anzac Day. (The Australian, April 2009)
I think these radishes would make an ideal side dish for roasted chicken, but you could serve them with almost anything: fish, pork, probably even a fried egg.
But instead, I am just going to suggest you read it. It wont take you very long and will definitely put a smile on even the sternest of faces!
when they're high
Win one of these amazing prizes simply by following this blog or liking my Facebook page and leaving a comment below. Please visit each of our sponsors’ websites to learn more about their products and decide which one you’d like to win. While you’re at their site, like their page or follow their blog to show our gratitude for their donation to this fun blogfest. You can enter on as many different blogs as you like, a list of the participating blogs is featured at the end of this post.
Eventually he reached up; suddenly shaking uncontrollably. Moving his hand around the counter, he
And what does SOE have to say on the subject so far? Well, Smed doesn’t get out there and bare his soul for us like Brad. All they have is:
And yet, when I think about the event that marked the end of my youth, I can come to only one conclusion: that there is no truth.
Baffling news from New Zealand: a male barrister has been held in contempt of court after appearing before the judge in ladieswear. I should have thought that cross-dressing was one of the main attractions of the profession. Admittedly, this particular gentleman preferred a Little Bo Peep costume to the traditional black gown and ram’s arse wig, but who are judges to complain when many of them wear nappies as a form of recreation? Give a man a gavel and the power goes to his head.
So there you have it. The next evolution of the podcast. Bigger, better, and uncut.
The pleasure is when you give a stranger a lift.
Also known as “rocket”, arugula is native to the Mediterranean. Though it has been grown since Roman times and well recognized as an aphrodisiac, before the 1990s it was most commonly harvested wild and was cultivated on a large scale or researched scientifically. It grows well in dry climates, and its leaves, flowers, young seed pods and mature seeds are all edible (though we will only receive the leaves).
Andrew Anthony Abate, 37, Melville, N.Y.
the good news is that i found my little travel journal. such a tiny little thing, it slipped between the seat which housed my cameras and equipment during the drive. as i said, i've been reading "the happiness project" in bits and pieces over the year as i've struggled lately with the true meaning of happiness - is it joy, is it constant, is it contentment, what is this elusive bird. and unhappiness...can you be both at the same time? happy and unhappy that is....
the same courthouse. I'll probably add more to
All of which is no introduction whatsoever to Grace O'Malley's challenge over at Imaginary Garden with Real Toads - to write a tanaga.
Then we grandstand and protest, threaten to take the law into our own hands, connive, corrupt and conspire to bring countries to their knees should our voices not be heard. . . and we do so, petty men and women of so-called power, while outside our banquet halls, citizens lie broken, desolate and desperate.
The week had passed and Abbey found herself spending more time with her illustrator than in her hotel room. She spent hours at Sloan’s penthouse working on their book under Robert’s suspicious eye. They attended meetings with the editors at Panda to finalize production of their book. He took her to his favorite museums and restaurants, many whose dress code did not fit the wardrobe Abbey packed from Iowa. It never seemed to be a problem – Sloan always seemed to have the perfect dress for the evening on hand.
“After debris was removed from the site, several unfavorable conditions were uncovered, including structurally unstable paths and walls that will require extensive technical revision,” said a spokesman for the Parks Department in an e-mail on Wednesday.
the first moulding I took off? was around the ceiling, to get those disgusting tiles off of my coveted beadboard ceilings...All of the original moulding to this house is 1x4 Jack Pine...the stuff I took off the ceiling? it is newer, probably from the 50's..when they installed the drywall...it was so brittle, it cracked and broke too and most of it was beyond saving...the trim in the living room is original, it had never been taken off, there wasn't one scrap of paint or wall paper behind it...
I've learned to expect odd behavior from Jew-haters.
I should begin by saying that gaining recognition through these awards is a great achievement and should definitely be celebrated.
The arrangement of this book is also clever, promoting the analysis of Article 40 (Control of Anticompetitive practices in contractual licences) ahead of the main course, as it were, of Article 39 (protection of undisclosed information itself) since the contract is the most effective means of (i) disclosing undisclosed information while still keeping control of it or (ii) restricting the ability of another to compete -- depending on your bias. The IPKat hopes that, when the next edition of this book is published, the author won't feel obliged to be quite so polite and objective, though, and that he will allow himself the luxury of a little rant about the need to persuade people that TRIPs and the Paris Convention actually exist on the same planet and that you don't have to choose one in preference over the other if you can make them pull together.
Blogger burnout happens to me when I’m feeling stressed and overwhelmed. So what do I do? I procrastinate. I let things pile up even more…and then I feel even more burnt out and stressed!
Maybe someday it will come to a town near you.....
On a similar note, my little ones in their outfit of the week:
Hello beauties! I am totally in love with vintage clothes and shoes at the moment! I am planning some purchases on Etsy and here are some of my favourites!!!
so many good topics we've discussed at comicsuk forum
Don’t look now American League, but the Texas Rangers may have found a bonafide ace. The two time defending American League Champions have been more known for their bats during their recent run. The offseason saw them lose left handed starter and workhorse CJ Wilson. They not only lost him, but lost him to division rival LA Angels. The theory was that the Rangers were now weakened and the Angels already stout rotation was reinforced. Besides, the Rangers only added a pitcher without any MLB experience to replace Wilson. He’ll have to learn the MLB and the transition wouldn’t be easy for him. Think again.
1. Anna and the French Kiss by Stephanie Perkins
The following numbers are purely for this exercise, but suppose that for each customer you bring on board, you hypothetically earn 50 new dollars per week. That’s the increased revenue, and it’s good on the face of it. However, suppose you’re spending $20 a week in gas and food in order to drum up this new business of yours. Already nearly half your new revenue from that first customer gets eaten up in costs. So, there’s an area that you’ve identified as in need of inspection: How can you reduce the amount of time you spend driving as part of your lead-generation activities?
In full sunlight.
When he comes throbbin’ his ol’ sweet song.
1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon cocoa powder
The bathroom? Confusing! Leanne told me it was confusing when she went (she had to have someone tell her where the door was). She told me you have to push where you can see the door outline. So when I had to go to the bathroom I thought,” Psh, I thought, I got this!” Wrong friendo!
"Somewhere in the middle of the history of our struggle, after the formation of the Union of South Africa in 1910, all of us realised the need for unity and when the ANC was formed the call was loud and clear that we must work together.
I'm super stoked about all of this.
And as if Riley’s job isn’t awkward enough as is (rumor has it that The Client List has angered “real life” massage therapists for giving masseuses a bad name), the obvious sexual tension between Riley and her brother-in-law (played by Colin Egglesfield) is really awkward, even for TV.
I lost, yes lost my best friend to cancer.. Her time was 41 years. A short 41 years. I say this because none of us, not even her saw her time coming. It was a sad day, month, year, from the first day to her last breath, time took her. I’m so angry and bitter with time for not allowing me more time.. I know God gave us more time than what the doctor’s did and I am grateful for that, but being from this “give me more” culture, I selfishly cried for more time..
so long as you rise
On the bus ride back to the hotel I learned what to say to a Muslim when they sneeze: alḥamdu lillah (الحمد لله)
Observing the counter-protest was CAIR-NY Civil Rights Manager, Cyrus McGoldrick. He happens to be a convert to Islam; grew up Roman Catholic. After taking a few pictures, he just stood and watched. I spoke to him briefly. He puts on quite a friendly face and he's a Hip Hop / Poet, not just the CAIR- NY mucky-muck. During our chat he reminded me that he, too, is an American and mentioned he was very uncomfortable with what some of our signs said.
The gatekeeper role is the practice of having someone held responsible for the resources required for production of the release. In Apache projects this responsibility is somewhat modified in that the RM typically has committer status on the project (quite often part of the PMC), has a signed PGP key for the project, and access granted to production support systems. The actual systems used to produce a release candidate are often the personal property of the RM, so proper documentation of how to build the release environment must be maintained in order to not create a magic build machine. Pictured to the right is the Apache Karaf build and release infrastructure. When not in use I keep the machines physically disconnected from the internet, no development or testing use is permitted on these machines (I have other resources available for those purposes). There is an excellent article on the measures some RMs go to in regards to protecting their PGP keys here. I rely on a secure physical location in a remote part of Newfoundland, up to date security patches, and disconnection from the internet when not in use, as my peace of mind from having the release system I use becoming exploited.
Kemialliset Ystavat, UlakkopaloLaptop folk collage. As progressive as it gets.
Me: Ummm seriously?
After their ad appeared on “GCB” those 154 advertisers would have heard from many of you through our “take action” links. After receiving those emails from you and others offended by their sponsorship of Christian bigotry, 112 advertisers – 73% – did not return to advertise again.
Mujah claimed that he had suffered shame, damages and was traumatised as a result of the illegal arrest and detention.
Teamwork and leadership are important to any workplace and it’s important to Hunt as well. He’s trying to get a team together for a “friendly” game of softball against Seattle Presbyterian, a team which works like a well-oiled machine, something that SGMW can only hope for.
Shop on line!
Meantime, I need to perk myself up and get excited about the upcoming 75th anniversary of the Golden Gate Bridge! There are all kinds of things going on and I invite you to participate. The Golden Gate Bridge represents to me, the audacity, energy and sheer genius of the San Franciscan. I think I have been here long enough to consider myself a San Franciscan. It is an honor to be introducing the Bridge to so many people. I look forward to talking about it and sharing my enthusiasm. And leaving this crummy melancholy behind.
We have published four features for Cruising World now with a new June article on the shelf with our Cape Horn article. Check it out. We continue to do our science along the way and are all busy working hard on the mission of this great Around the Americas expedition.
Mario Balotelli returns for Manchester City after serving his three-match suspension for the red he picked against Arsenal. But it’s very unlikely that he will start the game as Mancini is expected to stick with his inform Argentine front pair of Sergio Aguero and former United player Carlos Tevez. Micah Richards is set to fit for the game after missing last week’s 2-0 win over Wolves with a hamstring problem. Boss Roberto Mancini has a big decision to make in his midfield, with the improved form of Samir Nasri of late or the more defensive solidity of two holding players against their rivals United a key decision.
See, Sabine isn't just an ordinary girl. She's a mara, the living personification of a nightmare. She can read people's fears—and craft them into nightmares while her victims sleep. Feeding from human fear is how she survives.
Looking Back On 2011 by Annette J Dunlea
Secondly I didn’t say anywhere that “this book is written by me”, “I got its copyrights” or “I own this book” but in-fact neither change a word of your book given you a credit of writing this impressive & great book (see first page, writer name).
Solomon was the richest man in the Bible – maybe of all time. He was the Bill Gates of his day. However, no one can buy his way into Heaven or out of eternity. Somebody once said that if money can’t buy happiness, at least it will allow you to afford your favorite kind of misery. Money can be a valuable tool. You can’t eat cash, but you can buy food with it. You can’t keep warm with it, but you can buy fuel with it. This quote once appeared in the Wall St. Journal: “Money is a universal passport to everywhere except Heaven; and a universal provider of everything except happiness.”
(Please note: This challenge is only open to Australian residents with an Australian delivery address - sorry we do not ship Internationally.)
Hi Everyone and welcome to the Disney Blog Hop! I am so excited to be a part of this hop again! I love Disney and since we just got back from a trip to Disney in August I figure it's about time I started to scrapbook some of these 300 photos I took! I hope you have arrived here today from Jenny at Jenny's Place, if not and you want to start at the beginning, please go back to Shawn at Crafty Chics.
998 D-XI/19(A)/1987. “Censorship and Discipline.” Lindenwood College, St. Charles, Missouri.
A few more trees on other streets have gone, too, and apparently there are plans for even more. One, I noticed, only got severely trimmed, perhaps in deference to a very large bird's nest near its top. Species-ism, if you ask me.
I'm working on a new oil painting, started yesterday. I feel like this one is making headway with my palette for the first time. I have been floundering around with the palette problems since I went back to painting with oils, but I seem to have gotten into a rhythm with this new painting. I don't know whether it is just a matter of time working on technique and color mixing or just getting back into the oil medium and settling in. One thing is that I have mostly left the cadmium yellows out of this painting, saving them for accents. I tend to do better with the ochre and earth colors which are my winter palette and this is a painting from a reference photo I took at Merritt Island Wildlife Preserve in January.
This morning, I woke up dreading them. I was dreading the day, the students, and the workload. It was at this moment that I started thinking about the first times I was taught in my life, to deal with challenging or dreadful situations and particularly challenges with my own attitude.
One of their flagship beers, named after a type of quartz found only around the Morgan Hill area. Just a great combination of flavors, as it's a little roasty, a little nutty, with a slight apricot fruity note, and a nice earthy hop finish. The whole is much greater than the sum of its parts as it all adds up to something unique and memorable. Winner of the 1995 California Beer Festival Gold Medal; 1996 Great American Beer Festival Silver Medal.
Overall, a good start to the series. My boys have already told me that "The Secret War" is 'even better!" than "The Accidental Hero" so I'm itching to continue on with this series. I would recommend this book to anyone who is a fan of comic books, Rick Riordan's 'Percy Jackson' series, Rowling's 'Harry Potter", superheros -- or anyone with a great imagination.
bird-heartedly fragile but beautiful,
One question the OB that called me back tonight asked was whether or not I had a fever. I didn't know at the time but I just took my temperature and, though it is higher than normal for me, I don't think it is high for pregnancy. It was 98.something (high, though I can't remember exactly.) Non-pregnant, I am 97.8, so I would expect to be nearly two degrees higher while pregnant. Since the number was not even close to 100, I figure I am not running a fever.
Pandemonium broke out in the tree. Birds of all kinds were shrieking at the hawk. Flying into his face and trying to get him to leave. Squirrels were running up fairly close and trying to lure the hawk away. Maybe there were nests in that area. I walked outside with my camera and tried to get a picture.
this post will be about 3 flea markets that are held once a month and 1 that you can catch every sunday..
My limbs, my veins dilate, my theme is clear at last,
Whether the team of misfits that Ballmer is assembling proves to be the Bad News Bears or just bad, his strategic investments in the past few years will be studied in business schools.
I just believe things tend to work some ways for a reason, who knows if he had lived he may have turned into a major drug dealer, killer or thief, if not already. I think of it as a retroactive or preventative justice. Bottom line is I believe you do bad things and sooner or later you pay the price.
Are better than a Hallelujah sometimes
Crystals: Zva Creative
Cleo: A princess raised in luxury must embark on a rough and treacherous journey into enemy territory in search of a magic long thought extinct.
Of Mice and Men
Philosophy Classic Fudge Cake Shower Gel
1 fingertips
I’m guessing the answer to these questions is “no”. Until straight America stops obsessing about the sex lives of their LGBT neighbors, the playing field is unequal. The equality I want is the right to live my life honestly, openly, and safely. I don’t want to talk to you about my sex life. I don’t particularly want you thinking about it, frankly. And I don’t want to talk about yours, either.
A life tormented, unable to ask why.
Well since its been six months or so since I posted, I thought it was time to do a little catching up. You see, I write all these fun post in my head about the happenings of our family, but as a mother of three, sitting down to compose them is a little difficult. I see doing this as me time and I don't really allow myself too much of that because when I'm doing something I want to do, the things I need to do aren't getting done. Oh well. I do need to update and since I currently have four stitches in my left index finger and a broken left second toe, I can allow myself this time. But I digress.. heheh
Women worked in different occupations to the men except in a few cases where they broke through that is known today as the ‘concrete ceiling’ in that women shared the same occupations and did the same work as their male counterparts, such as ‘Mountain Watch’ (Presey Beck 44 years) and ‘Driver of small gang (Maryann Arnote 55 years). But the majority of women 59/117 or 53% worked in the Cane field. Nine women worked in the nursing and caring community of practice such as the three midwives, Dinah (50 years), Frankly Cilisby (50 years), and Patience (35 years) (See footnote for further information about Patience). These women were all categorised as ‘African-Caribbean’ and supported the plantations breeding programme. The nursing practitioners also included Field Nurse (Betsey Matthews), Sick Nurse (Abba, 55 years), Kate Connor (45 years), Nurse for the Young (Zabell Beneba 50 years), Caring for children (Eve Jefferson) and Attending Young (Jenny Stewart, 28 years).
In sum, Hitchcock lovers, moviegoers in need of a thrill, and Monty Python fans who are perhaps seeking to understand the comedy troupe’s inspired use of the Scottish highlands as a backdrop should watch this movie.
That was 6 years ago.
A man who wants me to be his wife
It's really been a funny kinda day and I am ever so sorry for being late with my post. Not sure whether I have been coming or going but I am finally sitting down.
For a month we'd loaf around the apartment depressed and thinking of heroin. We'd score obly very occasionally and not really enjoy it when we did. Then when we were paid we'd find an extra ounce of resolve, knock back a double dose of methadone and instead of going out to score we'd go out shopping. We'd buy shirts, shoes, belts, socks, scarves, skirts, CD's, DVD's, new music, magazines. We'd reload, reculturalize, and rebuild relations with our landlord, our bank manager, the in-laws, and the outlaws. We'd take all the used needles to the exchange dump and leave without taking any freebies. Soon we'd be back in the cafés, back doing weekly shopping, in and out of changing rooms, and arriving home with all manner of gadgets and accessories for the apartment. And then one day, on a whim, walking around in our new clothes with bags from Zara, H&M and Mango, I'd duck into a pharmacy and return smiling.
I hope everyone has a lovely weekend. Take care.
“What do you mean, without war? My God, we’ve-“
A girl in my social network has a very fun blog about dating and her life with boys, she offers advice and funny videos and tells all, holding nothing back but names.
Please leave a direct link to your creation with Mr Linky below
The book contains many photos of literary tattoos accompanied by a note from the person who owns the ink explaining what it is, why they got it and what it means to them personally. The explanations vary from interesting and sincere to silly and pretentious
Directions: okay brace yourself this is the hard part. Put all the ingredients in the blender and blend until smooth. Whoo did you make it? That was hard. I have to say I didn’t add the honey and cinnamon until afterward. It was just easier that way to add a little at a time then mix and taste. I guess I should also mention that this only makes a small portion. Only about a small bowlful. For me that is plenty since I’ve had little to no appetite. But if you’re a normal person, you may need to consider doubling the recipe. I also should warn you that this isn’t going to taste like a rich creamy mousse. The tofu flavor does stand out a bit. So if you don’t like tofu, then you may not want to try this recipe.
1970s Liza Peta dress (jumble sale), 1970s Peter Bettley hat, scarf and leopard print faux fur jacket (flea market), bangles and beads (charity shop), boots (Ebay)
At that meeting I put forward comments and proposals for development and electioneering. The Chair of the meeting requested that I stayed behind to meet a fellow nationalist who knew about the potential for Downham ward, in south Lewisham. I met the bus driver and he said to me ‘Right, if you’re that keen are you free to leaflet Downham, tomorrow?’ Over the next four weeks, the two of us leafleted every single house in Downham! I wasn’t even a member! But right from the start, I showed the commitment and hands-on perspective that I would lead from.
This I my first time using an ulta polish and I am thrilled with this color.
Whole Food Meal Plans - Whole Food Meal Plans is an extension of our blog Natural Health at Home. For over a decade we have studied natural health, nutrition and holistic living. After many requests from friends and family for recipes and ideas to incorporate more natural living practices into everyday life, we started the blog to share what we know. Whole Food Meal Plans was born out of that inspiration and the desire to help families eat a healthy dinner, simply. The meal plans are based on years of whole food nutrition study integrated with the timeless wisdom of the traditional food movement. Although the plans are inspired by traditional foods, we consider them to be "Traditional Foods Lite" -- focusing on real, unprocessed foods that are easy to make and that can fit into a busy life. Plus, we think lingering at the table with your family is just as important as making food from scratch -- so we wanted to help people do that without spending too much time in the kitchen.
Have you ever been in a occasion and go out involving custom business cards? You can follow-up afterward through including an electric one out of e-mail.
Where the difficulty comes in is when you have a story, such as a young adult coming of age novel, that is set in Average Town, USA because the characters aren't the type to travel the world, or can't even if they want to (and maybe that's part of their internal conflict). Everything they experience is local.
(It's called retirement, the best x-it strategy ever!)
The Draco Foundation is dedicated to the protection and promotion of democracy and natural justice in New Zealand and among its many activities operates Council Watch and the National Residents Association Database. Further information can be found at www.civilsociety.org.nz (via ODT)
Most Canadians hadn’t heard of Melanie Fiona before she won a Grammy last month; indeed, many Canadians still haven’t heard of this Toronto singer. But in her not-so-secret life, she’s been signed to a record deal by the man who discovered the Wu-Tang Clan, was once in a band with Drake, is signed to Jay-Z’s management company, opened for Kanye West in Europe, wrote songs for Rihanna, and duetted with Cee-Lo Green, John Legend and the Roots. Now her second album is packed with
Tom and Hester's daughter, Wren, longs to escape the peace of static Anchorage. She craves the dangerous adventures her parents once had - and a charming submarine pirate is ready to take her to sea. But the mysterious object that she steals for him ignites a conflict that will tear the whole world apart. The third instalment of Reeve's critically acclaimed Mortal Engines quartet continues the breathtaking adventure saga.
These circular sentiment stamps have been created and designed by the totally talented Krafty Girl, Nicole Aspinall!! They are made especially to fit in your 1 3/8ths and 1 ¾ inch punches, for quick and easy cutting!!! This month we are releasing the Everyday Trinkets set which covers Birthday, Thank You, Friendship and Just Because!!! There are EIGHT trinkets in each set with four of each size and they come as both positive and negative images, so you can use your black or brown ink with the positive stamps and use your coloured inks with the negative ones!!
Susie Davidson is a journalist, author, poet and filmmaker who writes regularly for the Jewish Advocate, the Jewish Journal, the Jewish Daily Forward and other media, and has contributed to the Boston Sunday Globe and the Boston Herald. She has written “I Refused to Die: Stories of Boston-Area Holocaust Survivors and Soldiers who Liberated the Concentration Camps of World War II” (2005); “Jewish Life in Postwar Germany” (2006); “Selected Poetry of Susie D” (2006); and edited a collection of remarks made by former German Consul to New England Wolfgang K. Vorwerk at area Holocaust community events (2008) (All Ibbetson Street Press, Somerville). She is the Coordinator of the Boston chapter of The Coalition on the Environment and Jewish Life, an active board member in the Alliance for a Healthy Tomorrow and the Jewish Alliance for Law and Social Action, and coordinates the Brookline Library Authors' Collaborative. She organized and hosts “OccuPoetry,” the ongoing poetry reading series at Occupy Boston.
As she poured the “remaining oil” … remember the seemingly ‘nothing’ that she had? She ended up filling all the jars and not having enough jars to contain this abundance.
Now onto my card, I have created this card for Herazz Scrapbooking , they are an online store in my area and I also teach classes for them. My papers are from Prima Reflection 6x6 paper pack
"I know how busy you've been. It's OK," Jenny said without looking at him.
The system of Calvinism adheres to a very high view of scripture and seeks to derive its theological formulations based solely on God’s word. It focuses on God’s sovereignty, stating that God is able and willing by virtue of his omniscience, omnipresence, and omnipotence, to do whatever He desires with His creation. It also maintains that within the Bible are the following teachings: That God, by His sovereign grace predestines people into salvation; that Jesus died only for those predestined; that God regenerates the individual where he is then able and wants to choose God; and that it is impossible for those who are redeemed to lose their salvation.
However, New Labour did once cut (close?) links with the MCB... Only to retie those links later. Why? There is a mountain of evidence that tells us that the MCB is not a ‘moderate’ organisation. Sure, it is not as Islamist as the Muslim Association of Britain, whose leader, Azzam Tammini, simply adores the death-cult Hamas. That is because we now have this:
The problem is, she's not a good enough alien.
the stretched curve of smiles, instead waited
Because we don't know how YouWriteOn will define the "printing costs" it mentions in its contract we don’t yet know what share of the revenue will be used as a basis for royalty calculations; and we don't know where YouWriteOn will set its retail prices. This makes it impossible to provide an exact breakdown: but I can make some rough comparisons.
4 explain
Today there is an underlying fear of homosexuality and what constitutes ‘normal’ sexual behaviour has been narrowly and rigidly defined.
Over the last few days, the death of Whitney Houston has been a frequent topic of discussion.
What would you have done?
I created my three shades of green using Stampin Up ink pads Old Olive, Pear Pizzazz and Certainly Celery. I cut a square of about 9cm and then used the emboss resist technique with WOW Clear Embossing Powder. I knew roughly how big I wanted the panels, so cut them to suit. Using a retired Stampin Up sentiment set I stamped in the darkest shade, Old Olive. The swirl is a new purchase for me - Cheery Lyn Tropical Flourish I got here
2- TBA
About the babies...
THE ONE WHO CALLS YOU IS FAITHFUL
So when the dimension was given as circumference, in centimeters, I didn't really pay attention. I just "assumed" that it was going to be on the slightly larger 4" (10cm) styrofoam base, kinda like this one I bought in Japan:
I think the middle picture showing the blanket in close-up gives you the truest idea of what the colours look like together, but I wanted to include this picture of the corner to give everyone a closer look at the edging.
Come and go to the classroom on your own schedule, and, as always, enjoy lifetime access to all class materials! Class begins May 7-18!
So what is this about? Straight for their website:
Row 22: Purl
But I can’t pretend that my interest in style is only a functional one. I’d be lying if I didn’t also say that I’m interested in style cause I quite like it. The fact that a sense of style also has benefits for one’s self esteem is icing on the cake.
No workout today ran around all day long!
“Excellence in Preaching” will be launched at Wycliffe Hall Oxford at 5pm on Thursday 17th November, but if you can’t wait it is available online in England now! (see http://www.ivpbooks.com/9781844745197 the book will be published in the USA at the end of the yearhttp://www.amazon.com/Excellence-Preaching-Studying-Leading-Preachers/dp/0830838155)
"I have learned how to be content with whatever I have. I know how to live on almost nothing or with everything. I have learned the secret of living in every situation, whether it is with a full stomach or empty, with plenty or little."
Cousins came to visit! This is Thomas. He's got some serious curls in his hair too! We had fun joking about all the curls in this family now!
It’s not the custom in Ireland to wear green ties, hats or other green clothes on St. Patrick's Day. A sprig of shamrock in the coat lapel is the preferred display.
In the midst of this, there was a sudden death of a student at his school. Suicide, on school grounds during the school day. The school, a tight community, has been rocked. My partner, already depleted by our childcare center situation, has been shaken to the core. They’ve had grief counselors on site, debriefings for the staff, and extra support for the kids during school vacation week. And the funeral is tomorrow.
Losing a pet is the equivalent of losing a child in our eyes. It's especially hard when your child is only five years old. But, we're not giving up. We will be strong for Charlie.
We have learned that birds are cruel little creatures that have no qualms with throwing their babies out of the nest if they are not making the grade. I know, I didn't believe it at first, either...until I saw it first hand. It is quite harsh.
Calgarians love the Stampede which was evident by the sheer size of the crowd and the goodwill of those attending. Everyone was just so friendly and happy to be there. There were Square Dancers. First Nations people performed a traditional dance. And oh my (fanning myself) Alberta’s very own Paul Brandt graced the stage! I’m not even a Country music fan but when Paul hits those low notes….well ladies you know what I mean…
Finally, once you open up a line of credit, don’t close the account after you’re finished with it (unless there are fees associated with it). Opening and closing a credit account can hurt your credit score. Instead, let it sit open, even if you are not going to be using it. This will help your credit in two main ways: your average length of credit will increase and your overall open credit amount (the amount of available credit you have on your credit line) will be increased. Both of these will increase your credit score. If you’re afraid that you may start using the card because you have it, lock it up somewhere. Put it in your lockbox at your bank or in a save at your house. Just don’t keep it with you. And be sure to check up on your account (either online or through your paper statements that they mail you) to make sure that your balance remains zero each month. By the way, don’t open up a credit account at every store you go to. This will hurt your credit. Keep the number of credit cards to a minimum if possible.
If both instances citied above are true, that splitting the final courts of appeal will cause problems for Civil and Criminal matters; and further, that the PM knows that the Privy Council won’t support this….why is she proposing this? Because clearly it won’t be a successful proposal. It makes one wonder how exactly the PM and the AG got their silk in light of the various legal arguments that are flying about.
53 Lock the start screen layer.
I’m headed off to Toledo on business… yeah, nothing says Happy Valentine’s day like a trip to Toledo without my sweetie. (He was so thoughtful and sent me some goodies from Edible Arrangements yesterday, YUM!)
Perhaps I got overwhelmed. I'll revisit it tomorrow and hope I'll at least see the pertinent data through the chaos.
1 green bell pepper, de-seeded and finely chopped
God is always present, always. He watches us as we do our jobs...as we use what belongs to others. Jesus tells us here that if we don't take care of things that belong to others, can He trust enough to give us things of our own?
a philosopher sees both sides, and shrugs;
If left undiscovered the result could have rendered useless U.S. missiles and killed the signal from aircraft that tells everyone whether it’s friend or foe.
like you did the girls from Chi Omega.
In recent years, we have been playing with the conditions of the life we know on the surface of our planet. We have cared too little for our seas, our forests and our land. We have treated the air and the oceans like a dustbin. We have come to realise that man’s activities and numbers threaten to upset the biological balance which we have taken for granted and on which human life depends.
I know that people either love cilantro or they hate it, and I’m glad to say I’m in the love club.
Live a life less sedentary
If Anni’s friends and family were remotely sincere about wanting a free and fair trial for Shrien Dewani, and hearing the truth in any trial wherein he is accused; I would suggest that you ask the South African government to proceed with the matter as a private prosecution in England, where Mr. Dewani can be tried before a British judge and jury.
Later I realized I already have this guy in my story, a big dreamer who turns to drugs. I haven’t written that much about him, but he is there. I have more concentrated of his fathers point of view though.
Kate's ABCs - the scalloped square in the background is cut at 9 1/2".
and all sides roar
And your prize is that the bank opens a bank account for you every morning with 86400 forints (dollar, euro etc.), and there are 2 rules. 1st one is what you haven't spent in the course of the day, that will be withdrawn from you at the end of the day, cheating is forbidden, you can not put the money on a different bank account, you could only spent, and next morning there will be another bank account on your name with 86400 forints. The 2nd rule is the bank without any prior warning can stop this Game, any time can be said that it is finished, the bank account is closed. The question is what would you do in this case? Would you spend this amount for yourself, or for loved ones, friends, or strangers or? Just wonder about it...
* 3 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise and sliced (I omitted)
Peace all. Kitty
Uh...are you seeing the second half of this? Because I'm not.
yourself again – evidence is distinctly lacking.
...we were surprised to observe two interesting results: the non-smokers looked at the warning messages much less than the other participants, and there was no difference between plain and branded package designs in the amount of time spent looking at the warning message.
Dress, Daisy Craver for Warehouse; Wool maxi dress, Cos; Boots, Michael by Michael Kors; Cardigan, Akiabara
The Redmayne books are set in Restoration England, a most interesting time. The Commonwealth has collapsed, and King Charles II has regained the throne. As the series begins in the autumn of 1666 he has been in England for six years. Tensions are still strong though, and strife between the rigidly observant Puritans and the more tolerant Anglicans shadows the nation. Marston captures this tension in the uneasy relationship between his primary characters, an ambitious young architect, Christopher Redmayne, and a Puritan constable, Jonathan Bale. When the pair first meet, Bale spurns Redmayne’s pleasantries, seeing in him an exemplar of all that is bad about the restoration. With his fancy clothing, sword, and interest in the arts, Redmayne is, in Bale’s eyes, an ungodly person. As they are drawn more deeply into the investigation of the death of Redmayne’s patron though, Bale comes to respect the architect and to realize that perhaps his own world view is too narrow.
So much more to tell, like about the great food (damn can Thais fry chicken!) and our flt over and the beauty of Cambodia and how much I like Kuala Lumpur and did I mention my tan? Have to run to board plane will update as can. Hard to get time and Internet simultaneously! Done nothing but run.
does that make any sense?
With its gently rolling hills
This continues to be an exciting project to me, and I'd love to keep it going for as long as possible! So if you're a grown unschooler, think about joining in. You also might want to read more interviews with grown unschoolers. Now, meet Jasmine Carlson:
But all of this positivity doesn’t stop at good habits. All of those points mean prizes, and DailyFeats gives its users an opportunity to pay it forward and give back to their communities. While the company does have a standard “Rewards Wishlist,” where users can request what they’d like to receive in exchange for the completion of their goals, the most accessible option is converting points into money and donating it to a non-profit. For example, every fifty points earned through DailyFeats can be converted into $1 toward the American Heart Association. Gidwaney says that the ethos is focused on developing and projecting social good for both users and brands alike.
But the more you look into Weston's positions, the less sturdy they seem. Just when absolute candor and steadiness are called for, he starts doing the shimmy.
Perhaps it was this sense of freedom and mobility that led Mme. Grandin to say, as she left the United States, "I will come back!" And come back she did, sans husband. Raycraft's introduction gives an account of her life after Chicago, which shows (despite the minimal evidence available) that her intelligent curiosity and civic involvement continued to her death.
It was this same apostle Paul who penned those words. He was also experiencing those things and learning how to rejoice in what God was doing in and through him.
a city park in birmingham called kelly ingram park was the site of many of the confrontations during civil rights demonstrations. the dogs, fire hoses, etc. and there are some statues depicting those events. the public safety guy "bull" connor was a psycho it seems. ringing the park and in other parts of downtown as well, there are displays describing different events.
And here’s some during the dig out…
I'm not so sure I'm ready to give up my opinion of Who's Next as their finest hour, especially since I've always felt that it was, track by track, near perfect. But Quadrophenia certainly surpasses Tommy, if not in story, definitely in song quality. And the recording sounds more like Who's Next, with the power and dynamics that Tommy lacked.
I took a TON of pictures!!! (I won’t show you all because that would take you all day to look at them, lol.)
Dictator: Dictator has never seen a blue dog before.
For those who listen to Keith Urban, here’s a nice parody on Tonight I Wanna Cry.
(Oh go on, if you must)
Last week we had our usual charity cake stall at work for BBC Children in Need.
the night
For the people who like to take their time and watch the dick going in and coming out misty and creamy.
Charlene’s story telling inspired me to question what I make…
The Paris Wife is the story of Ernest Hemmingway and his wife Hadley. The story depicts their first meeting, early romance, marriage, foray into parenthood...and eventually, what tears them apart. I won't spend a lot of time recapping the book here, because I'm not really one for recalling the years of high school book reports (foreshadowing? climax? denouement?).
Penny's latest novel is A Boy Called M.O.U.S.E (Bloomsbury)
I'm thankful to be rid of someone who doesn't grasp basic concepts like prejudice and privilege, like not forwarding emails full of racially charged language.
At some point before the first Agile and Beyond conference, which was held in March of 2010, I was contacted by Marvin Toll and asked to present at the conference. He wanted to know which topics I could present on and I sent him my list.
Guilt over the fact I could not afford $5000 to send her on the school Europe trip.
As often happens photographs don't really show the scene as well as you might wish, and this was taken from the car as we left the school. There wasn't much time before the second school so we didn't really have time to stop and enjoy the view, which was a pity.
This WordArt request comes from catvinnat. She's wanting it for a wedding layout. I thought it turned out well, and I hope you like it!
Another fun club run last night. 6 miles around the local lanes looking at all the lovely decorated houses.
The Slog has obtained sight of an official Brussels Commission document which, while not confidential, has not as far as I can tell been the subject of MSM coverage, or indeed any vote at all among MEPs. Although dated March 30th 2012 as a ‘proposal for a decision’, I can reveal that the decision has been approved and is already going ahead. It is to grant Turkish citizens the same residency and labour rights in Europe as existing EU citizens.
So yesterday was the opening of (the EPIC) Wizarding World of Harry Potter. **Screams** It was so amazing.
Are you?
14. The Originators feat. Pryanja
Nearly a month between posts - that shall never do!
If you have read your Orwell you know:
Most of the obituaries are making him out as a musical philanthropic and miniature train enthusiast. They say very little about his banking activities in Latin America and his funding deep involvement in the CO2 caused Global Warming scam.
(Please excuse the nasty looking hair. This was after spending the day in Memphis and a nap in the car.)
1/2 cup unsalted butter, room temperature
Ho. Ly. Shit.
Level 20: Damage: +20%, Critical Rate: +20%.
liquid pearls white opal
At this point, Thomas seems to be leaning the same way I am: A plea deal that will spare her life.
Thanks for the read,
I finally framed our Sharon Montrose animal photos. I've been a fan forever, even before I got impregnated. As for frames, I went with inexpensive Target frames ($10/each). Then seeing these fabulous projects from the eternally awesome & witty Cassie reminded me that I had a tube of Rub 'n Buff (available at most craft stores) sitting in a drawer somewhere. I gave Hiro the side-eye & we both giggled at "Rub 'n Buff" for a while. Once we got that out of our systems, Hiro went outside to chase a squirrel & I got to transforming the frames. My method: wear gloves, work outside (it's smelly stuff initially), wipe down frames with a damp rag, then use a clean old t-shirt to rub 'n buff away to your heart's content. This tiny tube goes a long way. Let frames cure in a well-ventilated area for a few days.
So, we’ve got the Sisters: Alice, Cara, & Lily. They’re, you know, not teenagers, but expertly-trained vampire secret ops agents whose purpose is to seek out the vamplayer. They have a rank, Lily (our heroine) is Third Sister. She really has no pull, no authority. She’s the nobody of the group. Her history is epic. Sad, but epic. And I loved Lily for the most part. She’s a little of a ditz. Ok, so maybe a lot of a ditz. She doesn’t connect the dots. Even I connected the dots. So, I got a little frustrated with her. I wanted to slap her a few times, but she is mostly made of awesome.
It doesn't surprise us at all that beloved Betty MacDonald smirked: Tigerli is a real man.
I was open to saying "Yes."
Roll each piece into a small ball and cover with a damp kitchen towel and let rest for 20 minutes. While the dough is resting, preheat your oven to 450 degrees. If you have a baking stone, place it in the oven to preheat. If not, place a baking sheet upside down in the oven to preheat. This will be the surface on which you bake the pita.
- Bans “rescission” so insurance companies can’t cancel coverage if individuals keep their policies current or if they become ill
all simultaneously
Honestly, I think it’s because I keep telling myself ‘oh it’s okay I’m getting older and my skin is adjusting to the sun’ but that is literally the dumbest thing ever. I am an idiot because we all know that’s just a preposterous thing to think. Jealousy also plays a role because all my super tan friends apply baby oil to their skin and don’t even get remotely burned but I don’t put anything on and look like a fresh steamed lobster. Kills me. Literally, the pain I’m in just kills me. Miserable is an understatement. Nobody understands the pain that gingers endure when they are sunburnt…they aren’t the same as normal people sunburns, they are worse.
Inform each nominated blogger of their nomination by posting a comment on each of their blogs
Closing date for entries is Friday, June 1. The shortlist of five finalists will be selected, and authors informed, by Friday, June 8.
I think the local newspapers are making a huge mistake by following in the footsteps of the New York Times and other publications who shut out reviews of independent author books. More and more people are turning to eReaders and discovering authors they never would have if they just read who's on the best-selling list. Snooki was on the NYT bestselling list. Need I say more?
He gives an example of a property he had purchased that had a “badly-renovated roof.”
We could never be too sure, but the speculation was that 'ponch' was made of blended raw egg, milk, mashed banana and -- to sweeten the deal -- artificial chocolate or strawberry flavoring. It used to foam naturally at the top, and we made it foam even more by blowing bubbles through our straws.
7. Allegro commodo 7:40
Oh my, what a beautiful book. Opening the envelope in which it came I had no idea what was inside, but once it was in my hand I almost didn't care. With its tracing-paper like dust-jacket and monochrome photograph cover image printed directly onto the boards I was smitten immediately. The white text revealed an author I hadn't heard of previously but underneath that the very well known name of translator Michael Hofmann. Flip to the back cover and there's some nice quotes from Zadie Smith amongst others who is moved to profanity in her praise for this novel that makes you 'doubt your own dogma.' I was intrigued. The icy coldness of the book's outer shell is replicated inside with Stamm's clear and uninflected prose and the emotional detachment of the characters. This definitely won't be a book for everyone, female readers in particular may find the male narrator far too off-putting, but it is a brave and unsettling read that questions how we relate, feel desire and find fulfilment.
- Eric Bledsoe has the smallest shoe size.
One of the most well used lists I made was a list of things to be done before moving from South Africa to Northern Ireland.
Attention for illegal downloaders; several big ISP providers are now hiring someone specifically to deal with piracy. Their objective is to start cracking down on piracy and illegal downloads like with movies and music. They want people to start taking downloading seriously and for hackers to stop ignoring warnings. These workers are going to pair up with ISP providers. These participating ISP will be notified by entertainment companies when someone has been pirating movies or TV shows illegally. The bandwidth provider will then send a notice telling them about the consequences of their actions and what trouble they will or could potentially get into if they continue to download.
A miracle! I received a call from the PT’s office that there was a cancellation for the next morning at 8:00. Would I like to have my evaluation then, and have my upcoming appointment be the first therapy session? Well, yes, that would be lovely. Did I need directions? No, I had the address and I’d just plug it into my GPS. “Okay,” the receptionist responded, “We’re in a brick building next to the blah-blah-blah restaurant.” I thanked her, rolling my eyes. I don’t need no stinkin’ directions. Do I sound like I’m not capable of getting around these here Metro DC parts?
It’s counterintuitive, but it makes sense if you think about it: We’ve more or less decided, as a society, that everyone should be able to go to college. (Leave aside the question of whether everyone should go to college in the first place—that’s a topic for another day.) We’ve decided that that means the government should make up the difference between how much college costs and how much a prospective student (or his family) can afford to pay—in other words, no matter how much college costs, the government will make sure it gets paid for.
He is jail, with bail set at a quarter million dollars. His cat roams free.
As Très Fabu Event Planning and Design approaches its mega April 23rd wedding, which will take place at Serrano Country Club in El Dorado Hills, California with 250 guests, the wedding planner would like to share a sneak peak of the evening’s napkin rings — which were recently revealed on TV in Los Angeles!
So here’s a song I’ve used for years now. The title is Take Us to the River, and it is by Robin Mark. I never heard Mark’s version (until now), looking at the lead sheet, I always heard it more like something off of Bruce Springsteen’s album Born to Run. Give it a listen and I encourage you to add it to your church’s catalog of music.
We were excited to finally arrive and wanted to experience some good BBQ. In Boston, we have a couple of decent BBQ joints but nothing that is really crave worth in my book.
The Lord your God will raise up for you a prophet like me from among your brothers. You must listen to him. (Deuteronomy 18:15)
Happy A-Day, honey. Best. Marriage. Ever!
Wipe down kitchen appliances
We follow the shadows in a spectral shower
Protest the haters, riot the bigotry
Wendy Phillips – Wendy develops e-learning at one of the biggest telcos in the Asia-Pacific region. Her “occasional mutterings” on her Noticed blog are painfully familiar.
My therapist told me that those that go ahead and act like nothing is wrong are not grieving publicly. Instead those people are holding their pain inside for themselves. Showing pain takes a lot of nerve. No one likes to be judged. No one wants to hear criticism. People like me honestly just do not care. I am not concerned with people assuming that I am in the wrong place. In my opinion the RIGHT place would be in a rocking chair breast feeding my baby, so to me there is no wrong place in grief.
The New York Times a week ago ran a profile of English, which included some hunky photos of him lifting weights. The story, headlined “The Chef in Motion,” also cited the many times that The New York Post has skewered English, ever since he allegedly left his bride at the alter and, most recently, when Boston magazine attacked the restaurateur.
1t chopped jalapeno
Too often these daintier flavors get lost, but by pairing them together they combine into a gooey, cheesy mass of goodness. The mushrooms in the middle wind up lightly cooked with a little raw crunch in the center, providing pleasant textural contrast. Everything is tied together, aesthetically and physically, by the rosemary bread.
from a vintage model, circa (date of significance here);
I just watched a documentary about Ayn Rand, and in it she explains why she thinks it’s wrong to care for other people. She called it giving up your life for others, and this to her was like suicide. If I understand her correctly, which I most certainly may not.
Doesn't it seem like there is always something going on,
I could feel the resistance radiating off of him. His word were clipped. His voice sounded...tight?
To enter into this giveaway, just leave a thought on how we can live with less in the comment section below. I know that I am preaching to the choir here, but there is always more that we can learn from each other. I will choose the winner Sunday night, March 25, and announce them on Monday's Musings. Bon chance!
No matter what you’re looking for in the way of an outdoor experience, chances are that—with the exception of utter solitude—the 3.2-mile Nat Greene Trail is a great option. The reason the trail works so well for so many different purposes is the variety of its terrain and scenery. The trail really divides into three sections, each offering its own rewards.
Loup-garou was a magnificent creation. An asteroid approximately a kilometer in diameter had been hollowed out to create room for a crew of fifty couples. The interior housed a complex mix of biology and technology. Atmosphere and edible products, both vegetable and animal, would come from a self-sustaining closed-system biological section. Cutting-edge technological devices were installed to support their mission of finding, categorizing, and exploring Barsoom-like planets. Most significantly, at the core of the asteroid was their hope for the future - the irrational engine which would propel them at FTL pseudovelocities. A fusion ramscoop engine and a photon sail backup for non-FTL maneuvering were anchored on the exterior of the asteroid-ship along with a scattering of planetary atmospheric-maneuvering craft. Sitting quietly in orbit, it looked like a potato with an inside-out umbrella stuck into one side and a nozzle sticking out the other. If the photon sail had been deployed, you'd have to add to that image a large scarf attached parachute-style.
I’d call her a slut, but The Roommate takes a twist and has these two become boyfriend and girlfriend for the rest of the movie! Because every romantic comedy needs a couple to focus on and nothing says romance for a college frat boy like drunken debauchery and the girl turning him down and yet teasing him in a really bitchy way anyway...well, actually I shouldn't be sarcastic about that, because it's probably really true.
Under that approach, the Board found that "the visual differences in the marks are more significant than the similarities:"
Alcohol By Volume: 4.65% Availability: Year Round
This is why we’re all here.
2. Stir in ground beef and cook, breaking up meat with side of spoon, until meat is no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Add chili powder, cumin, and salt; cook 1 minute.
THE VERDICT:
Witness the Night: A Novel
As any health care personnel you may also have to treat patients whom you know to be suffering from HIV or AIDS. Keeping any preconceived notions aside you must approach such patients like you normally would and diligently follow the universal precautions which will provide you with ample protection when handling such cases.
Gottlieb and the other officers led the housemates outside.
Samples galore. I went to a pregnancy thing (not a "fair", I swear) that was free at the hospital I am going to hopefully give birth at and look at the goodies I came back with! I spy: disposable bra pads, DHA up the wazoo and various nipple creams! Things are getting crazy over here.
The book-reading was chaotic because Lucien couldn't contain his excitement and jumped up to share what he knew about every dinosaur I mentioned. Several other boys were also dinosaur experts so they talked over each other to add their thoughts and hypotheses to the mix. One little boy believes dinosaurs became extinct because they ate some bad burritos. I wonder what happened at that kid's house recently...*shudder*
The triangles were all cut with the Accuquilt GO! cutter and the 3 inch finished HST die.
The Amelia Peabody series begins with Crocodile on the Sandbank. An inheritance allows thirty-two-year-old Amelia to leave Victorian England and explore Egypt. With her companion, Evelyn, she travels up the Nile in search of adventure. The women pair up with the Emerson brothers who are excavating archeological sites. Like Rider Haggard (who is referred to at various points in the narrative, e.g. 139, 182), Peters chooses an African setting for her action-packed adventure tale. Suspense mounts as a mysterious mummy haunts the camp, and someone tries to kidnap and murder one of the adventurers.
As the race began, Jonathan’s lap times were in the low 29-second range, which is an excellent pace; we were torn between being very excited, and worried that he might not be able to keep up the pace. We kept screaming and cheering, and being thrilled as each split until the last two came up under 30 seconds; everyone around us cheered right alongside. (The Dutch, for the most part, are friendly and outgoing and had been talking with us during the breaks, and knew that Jonathan was our brother.)
Chris Hani - Leader of the South African Communist Party,
Mom’s Breakfast Club was started to help educate moms and families about kids’ cereal and share the scoop on their nutritional benefits and ingredients. To learn more about the program, visit www.loveyourcereal.com.
Original release 512 Bourbon Barrel Pecan Porter. It has been kept cold ~40 degrees since we got it, so I am not worried about that infection problem some people who warm cellared the beer ended up with. We had a dozen bottles and I drank one a month or two ago and there were no issues.
It's been bugging me for awhile now, it just seems so dark and dreary. I originally made it out of a clearance letter M and some scraps from our first apartment's curtains, but it was time for a change up. (I of course took pictures for y'all along the way, because I seem to have this problem now where I can't do even the simplest DIY task without taking pictures of the process.).
Since I see so many contracts, and so many are from small presses (which may or may not have the expertise to create a rational contract or choose a good contract template), I encounter some really bad, bizarre, and nonstandard stuff. So I thought I'd start an occasional series, to let you all in on the weirdness.
Splitted in two by an axe
WOW!
The pub building stood for a number of years after it closed until it was demolished. Queen Street, then just a short thoroughfare off Deansgate, was extended to run all the way to Ashburner Street when the Civic Centre was built.
Today's food item is extremely versatile, quite fun-to-eat, and isn't too hard on the waistline (if you use my method and not the native one- eek!). So what is this mystery item?
(Man, I can’t believe that the most hip facial hair reference I could think of is a make-believe dude who slept a lot!)
'But am really sorry,' said Husband.
We also wish to thank Southern Cross Tango, Siempre Tango, and Tango Adelaide Club for strongly promoting the function, which resulted in a busy milonga despite a long list of apologies. A special thanks to Siempre Tango for allocating part of the proceeds of their super-practica last week and donating $150 to make up the final sum of $1500.
8. Some people also have natural techniques on how to cure back acne. One home remedy for treating back acne is to use homemade Sodium Hydrixide (Lye) soap while adding some tea tree oil in it. This does not dry and heal acne faster but would definitely give you a softer skin.
- They won't be able to tell the bad guys from the good guys.
Many events are about to commence, Dear Ones. All around the Universes, beings wait with bated breath and awe at what you have all done to increase the Light and raise the energies all around you. We bow before you, for you are all great beings of the Light, all you Lightworkers and Lightbearers who have come to witness the great awakening, to herald it and bring it about.
The religion of peace, what a f**king joke !
It is one of the great what-ifs of history: What if France had kept Mexico, and what if French-led Mexican forces backed up the Confederate Army?
And draw them all along, and flow
I hope everyone had a great Christmas and New years!! We most certainly did. This Christmas was a lot quieter than previous years and tbh I liked it. I know atm there is a big debate about online shopping etc....but I must say I did a fair bit of online shopping this year including majority of the food and alcohol and presents....and loved how it was all delivered to my door. A couple of things arrived late however that's life!
Unfortunately for Daniel, most of his Civil War experience was spent in hospitals. On the regiment's first march from Lebanon, Kentucky to Louisville, Kentucky, he developed a "fever". While the rest of his group moved south toward Nashville, Daniel was possibly diagnosed with measles. He later joined his unit, but ended up in hospital in Nashville, Tennessee. He spent several months there before he was discharged. His body had been broken from rheumatoid arthritis, heart problems and a hernia. He was not able to work again.
13 comments
We met up with our homeschool group at lunch and went on a 1.5km hike. I think it was further than that, but I'll have to see if the website for the place lists distances. Brianna and I enjoyed the hike so much we want to go back soon and often!
Finally,it arrived.Overjoyed Andy(my boss)got up very early to embrace it.He even hummed some tune as a celebration personally.
On the other hand, there are the "Bleacher Bum"-type fans. The ones who are drunk by the second inning (if not before the game). Not your real baseball fans. Of course, there were a pack of them a few rows behind where we were sitting. They wore themselves out by the fifth inning or so, thankfully. (Or passed out.)
Big ass mug, for Marzen/Oktoberfest styles.
There’s a little girl in Penny’s class who always arrives with armfuls of stuff. A transformer. A wooden crawfish. A princess. A baby doll. Something different every day, thrust into the hands of her teachers.
We do nothing with our great ideas for a bunch of reasons but ultimately it’s a waste of our potential and sadly sometimes, a waste of a life.
This is a pewter green metallic shimmer, very pretty, but it does seem to remind me of a couple other colors. Never the less, it's very pretty and if you like greens and metallic finishes, you'll love this shimmer!
I don't see the light at the end of the tunnel right now. I am overwhelmed and completely tired.
Who is that girl?
A substantial ‘inheritance’ granted as a lump sum granted to all citizens on reaching the age of 18. To be funded by a substantial increase in inheritance tax. This would, for the first time, make the idea of equality of opportunity genuinely meaningful.
I hope you will take the Challenge and create your own projects with Flips, Folds, and The Stampsmith!! I can't wait to see what you come up with!!
When Carly gets home, we find out that when Sam is mad, she eats ham, and that Ms Briggs had a brown lump removed off her nose (which both Sam and Freddie noticed.)
One moment you might be knee-deep in the brief for a customer case study and the next you’ll be sourcing additional information on an unrelated news item for a journalist with a deadline.
Well we are halfway through our holiday in Florida already! And a busy few days it has been!
"I'll continue to work with Ms. Chandler and try to come up with access that eases her concerns," Elrod said.
¼ tsp vanilla
Receive email updates featuring new menu items, coupons, special events, and other news when available..
Oscar realized his wine glass was empty and grabbed the elbow of a passing waitress with two fingers and told her he needed an upgrade to a scotch straight up. "Don't worry, I don't drive except to drive other folks crazy." She nodded took the order and gave the smile you give when you aren't sure is someone is trying to be funny or not.
The important part of this is proving to myself that I can live smoke-free without freaking out. Breaking the oral fixation comes with a lot of baggage. When I smoked, I used those breaks to punctuate the day. I just woke up! Where are my cigs? I’m driving to work … where’s my lighter? It’s 3 p.m., time to suck one down in four minutes while on break. Much of my day was measured in puffs. For example, ask me how long it takes to drive to Ann Arbor. That’s easy. Three cigarettes.
out there in blogland? :-)
But I just wanna close my eyes
For a creature with such a dramatic name, Terror Birds are actually pretty benign. In fact, this creature and its name, is an actual prehistoric creature that lived in the Miocene period (23 to 5 million years ago). Their scientific name is Phorusrhacidae and are thought to be the ancestors of Seriemas birds, something a little smaller and less lethal.
A: Headlines that promote advertising content that do not appear in the digital edition may be eliminated in a replica digital edition. For instance, if an advertiser includes a coupon in the print edition, and the cover of the print edition promotes that coupon (i.e., “Look inside for a valuable store coupon for ABC Gadgets”), but the advertiser eliminates the coupon in their digital edition ad, the front-page promotion of the coupon may be removed.
Kingswood
Expensive hot chocolate and a mug
Frank McAveety and Bill Butler will try for their Holyrood seats again, Butler has the best chance, McAveety has a mountain to climb as John Mason is a hard worker. However being a hard worker isn’t enough, you need ideas and vision. McAveety will be working hard to get his profile back up for a serious challenge.
Atheist: Yeah sure go ahead. I hope it is funny.
Ok, not really, but a loads of WORK.
As I pointed out in my first post, you don’t need to be abused in order to be diagnosed as BPD, however, I do think that most people who have BPD were abused or neglected as children; therefore, I disagree with the last misconception. Also, it should be noted that just because someone doesn’t “report abuse” doesn’t mean they weren’t abused.
But having a red door didn't allow for the pink wreath.
"The only blog by a serving British prisoner. Looking stupidity and ignorance in the eye whilst attempting to inject some neurons into the criminological debate. As British prisoners are denied internet access, I post via the Royal Mail and the kind efforts of friends"
Essentially, what follows here is an untraditional pâté de foie de volaille, given bold Vietnamese-y punctuation with a splash of fish sauce (which adds much mysterious umami without actually shouting “fish sauce”) and a sprinkle of Chinese 5-spice powder (in lieu of quatre épices).
Chapter One
The 8.4 mile round trip took almost 8 hours. Yeah, not going to be winning any marathons with that pace. But I think there are hardly any marathons that I know of that run through drifted snow over rocks.
“What are you doing here? Looking for a few good men to belittle in a new publication? Should I hide the personal notes on my cases?” he asked.
Torquay were looking nervous, too. Their position would have been a lot more comfortable if they had not conceded a last minute goal to Crewe in their previous game and in the 40th minute more jitters in their defence enabled Hereford to build an improbable 3-0 lead, Purdie pouncing on a rebound to drive a low shot into the net. The captain is the only Hereford player to have been at the club when they secured promotion back to League Two in 2006.
They just come and take you
Here's my creation for today….I wanted to do something all one color and I chose Grape Crush and then didn't have the paper so thank goodness Elegant Eggplant somewhat matches!!
Gen. Makarov made the threat amid an apparent stalemate in talks between U.S. and Russian negotiators over the missile-defense system, part of President Obama’s policy to “reset” relations with Moscow. The threat also elicited shock and derision from Western missile-defense analysts.
be entertainment, and uninhibited street performance could go beyondthat
There’s just something about the sound of a Hammond organ in a song that satisfies me to the core. It’s like musical “chicken soup for the soul.”
so i am feeling better today. thanks to you and candy and savory cheesecake. oh, and jason segal. because really, any movie written by him will make me laugh.
I no longer recall when I first came across her name in a CD booklet, but over the years I've found that if there is a song listed in connection with Jane Ha chances are it's already one of my favorites. During the last couple of years I've primarily heard her in capacity of her role as cellist in Loro's, but that's about to change. The electropop crafted by Jane Ha under the alias Pika could be heard on the 3rd Bbang Compilation, but it was not until a few weeks ago that her debut EP, Pika's Metamorphosis, was released
It was an exhausting, but WONDERFUL, day!!! Rosie was in such a good mood and everyone had a great time :) Thanks to everyone who came to help us celebrate... we are so blessed to have amazing friends and family! Also, you will get thank you notes from me eventually... I'm just slow these days! ;)
A little boy wishes he had different animals parts and explains the wonderful ways he would use them. But each one has a problem, so in the end he decides he is happy being himself. . A silly and insightful tale told in classic Dr. Seuss rhyme.
Sharing our home has helped us to contemplate the larger issues of our world in a way that perhaps we might not have done so. I will be the first to admit that one can often become caught up in one’s own concerns and forget that these might pale against what other people might have gone or be going through. Sometimes what our guests share with us about their lives remind us about this very important fact.
Another source is micro-distilleries. They tend to use small barrels – 5, 10, 15, and 30 gallon – rather than the 53 gallon barrels the big guys all use. There are micro-distilleries all over the country now. Only a few make bourbon or rye whiskey, but those that do usually need to dispose of used barrels. They don’t have long-term relationships established with resellers, so they sell catch as catch can. They also tend to make young whiskey, so their used barrels still have lots of goodies left in them.
Savannah, Tanner and I took off to Target and bought lots of shoes because the shoes around here keep shrinking!
421200 Furniture & home furnishing
we haven't seen the
2 Corinthians 7:1 (NIV)
My Love for Starlings began many years ago..
This is it. This is how I can live in this world of sorrow and suffering and tragedy. This is how I can wake up each morning no matter what and have hope. This is where I draw my energy from when it is leaking out.
Additionally, we have learned is that it is important to peg an MFI’s key performance indicators to any incentive scheme for staff, to motivate staff to enroll more clients into using the system when an MFI is rolling out MFS.
When I was a child I was not overly fond of oatmeal . . . not for breakfast or any other time . . . unless it was baked into cookies . . . then I could be gently persuaded to eat it. I wasn't eating cooked oatmeal for love nor money. It was just not my cup of tea . . . at all!
- Large employers (over 50 workers) that don’t offer health benefits will be charged a $2,000/worker fee; if the employer offers coverage but employees instead purchase federally subsidized insurance the fee is $3,000/worker receiving federal subsidies or $750/worker (whichever is lower)
@Shingro I’ll keep the lean box puns to myself. I’m pleased though that it’s the USA-made blood ‘n guns console that’s showing the most tarty skin and tarty guns. No deal on a preorder though unless the Japanese also thought to put a tramp stamp in the form of the xBox logo somewhere classy.
And so goes my Monday. Other than that little faux-pas, I had good classes. They were doing group work, but some students just kept asking me loads of questions every time I walked by. No matter though as they questioned me in English.
While driving home, the old Colonel remarked casually that the old car was running quite well. He then paused for a second, and before I could remark on his pleasant compliment, he said, “all it needs is a new body and a new engine!”
What I'm doing here is seeing if he's got anything worth attacking or if it's all just bluster that he knows, by itself, isn't going to win anyone over. If it's the latter, he's going to have to try to sell it psychologically--creating a sense of intimacy, softening you up, creating a sense of Us Against Them, making you think he's your New Best Friend. Scaring the bejesus out of you with dire predictions of global catastrophic doom (he called it "kicking over all the chessboards," which seemed pretty lame in the way of analogy). Making you think he's smarter than you are, never mind that he's the one standing on the sidewalk with a couple of posters held together with packing tape in front of a car so covered in bumper stickers you're not quite sure it isn't one of the few remaining Ford Pintos on the road today. The way to find out which it is--good argument or manipulation--is to limit he ability to practice the manipulation and see where he goes from there.
I've been browsing the web, trying to find some ideas on teachers' gifts using scrapbook supplies. Pinterest, of course, is my favorite place to look for creative ideas online, and I have found some cute projects using scrapbook supplies to create gifts for my boys' teachers. :)
It also puts a lot of pressure on you. Because whether you like it or not, the minute you admit to being an unschooler everything you do becomes a reflection on all unschoolers. I've felt the zeroing in of attention the second I mention, and then usually explain, unschooling (though lately I've come across some people who are already at least vaguely familiar with the concept... Yay publicity!). The questions start coming, of course, but along with that, it often feels like you're being evaluated. It's like they're examining a foreign specimen, wondering if you'll prove to be a "normal" human or not. I'm a reasonably social and confident person, at least when it comes to the subject of alternative education and unschooling, so it doesn't usually bother me. It's actually kind of fun: the challenge of being social and charming, and presenting my case in a calm and logical way. By the reactions I tend to get, I think I might even be pretty good at it. But when I think of how this would be for many other unschoolers out there, or even think of myself a couple of years ago, I most definitely understand why many people choose not to bring up unschooling at all, and I remember why I'd never get into the details myself until a couple of years ago.
12. Aerodramatic: The art of crying at the speed of flight.
And my God, I’ve got a flightful
Reading the poignant stories about the lives of Ellen Terry and Marie Lloyd – two quite different, and yet, in many ways, quite similar women – for the purpose of writing these pieces has, I think, given me a great starting point on the subject of Victorian entertainment, particularly the dance hall.
Take an ESB, dry hop it with Simcoe for a week. The first time I made it I got an aroma that was Fruit Loops. Trying for that again.
Yesterday, my parents took my Nan to her sister Anne’s birthday party. She was 100 years old! My Nan is 97 years old. If this is down to genes, then yippee! My Nan and her sister don’t see each other as often as they would like, albeit both are generally in good health. They had a great time catching up and Nan chatted to family members she didn’t know she had got! Hopefully, in a few days Anne will receive her official telegram from the Queen for this momentous milestone!
“Maybe you are even affected before you are born. The foetus is receptive to light and sound and voices and pressures and pains and chemical variations in the body of your mother…..and your individual mind – your unique neural map – is formed at the same time your brain is formed. By the time you are five years old, maybe 80%, 90% of your future is already within you?
BLITZER: Even for humanitarian reasons to visit his 90-year-old
On Sunday I participated in the Dirty Dozen Movie Bloghop hosted by Alex Cavanaugh wherein participants list their 12 fave movies and explain why. After further consideration I need to make a correction to my list.
This band isn’t new, and I’ve listened to them before back when I first started playing. I’ve recently rediscovered them. I don’t usually listen to rap, but these guys are very good. They have tracks on the Demacians, too. And for junglers.
Michal had reached the point where he was able to view his predicament coldly and with detachment, as if he was looking down on a king which had been painstakingly checkmated. It was all too plain – there were no moves, no options, and no hope. The next morning, Michal emailed the Edinburgh district manager of LetsGo to arrange a meeting. He readily accepted that the law would give him no protection or assistance, but he was prepared to surrender anything to the manager, any amount of money, if he could just have his life back.
About a dozen Beijing bars besides O’Shea’s opened for the Big Game, broadcast by the Asian Sports Network (sadly: without the American ads!). Most charged a RMB100 ($16) cover, including eggs, coffee, and beer, so you could be drunk and alert for kick-off at 7:30. O’Shea’s was super nice & let the kids in free. By 10:30, before the incredible last minutes, they got Sprites and pizza.
(We waited breathlessly.)
It costs nothing
This show was edited (FOR THE LAST TIME) with Magix Music Maker and (IN SOME GOOD WAYS BY) Reaper with some Sound Effects from freesound.org. For a full list of Freesound contributors, please visit us at www.goodmorningsurvivors.com.
the parked cars rocking in the lane.
Published in the Post, the leaks of what the FBI was uncovering would enrage Nixon and make Gray appear an incompetent unable to conduct a professional investigation. This would make it unlikely that Nixon would ever send Gray’s name to the Senate for confirmation as permanent director.
It is ‘believed’ that the African missions have involved gathering intelligence on terrorism and scoping rescue strategies for Australian civilians trapped by kidnapping or civil war. However, Africa is one of the main targets in the world right now for natural resources. Did anyone remember that little gem of information?
The term fascism is used today even by those within nationalism as a slur, as an insult, pejoratively, yet its very formation came about in the peoples defence, it was never the awful ideology depicted but a force for change and a progressive movement away from financial slavery. It had issues of course, it was for instance, though they tell you differently, never racial, it never really addressed the racial question adequately, although concerning white and non-white it had little need. Today of course fascism balks at the thought of repatriation, it recognises as do I that those who come here do so because finance in all its guises has forced them to and indeed who among us forced to live in appalling poverty, watching your children go hungry and illness ravage those you love, who then among us would not set out for a better life, a healthier life, a longer, happier existence.
Reading: But Peter and the apostles said in reply, “We must obey God rather than men.* The God of our ancestors raised Jesus,though you had him killed by hanging him on a tree. God exalted him at his right hand* as leader and savior to grant Israel repentance and forgiveness of sins.We are witnesses of these things, as is the holy Spirit that God has given to those who obey him.” (Acts 5:29-32)
"As long as Komphela is making racist statements and threatening white sports, democracy is safe," said political analyst Sparletta Mahlangu.
Will this make a difference in who she becomes?
28. Scooby Doo Where Are You
All of this happened within a matter of seconds and thankfully, Benjie was still standing outside of his door and able to help. It took him a few seconds to realize the squealing was coming from me and by that time, three guards from the front entrance of the hospital had come to my rescue with bats and clubs in hand. An exchange of harsh words from Benjie and a few whacks from the guards was all it took to send the mad man away. The guards went back inside, Benjie saw his patient, and I got out my phone and checked my Facebook and email while I waited to go home. I admittedly locked all of the doors just in case he decided to come back when my entourage left but thankfully, he didn’t. I did ask myself though, was that normal?? I certainly bounce back from these “normal” occurrences unbelievably quickly these days. Like nothing ever happened. Under any rational thought, that man needed help. He was badly beaten and even left a bit of tissue and blood streaking down my car in the aftermath of his mad moment. In reality though, he was probably drunk and was beaten because he pushed the guy who pulled in before me a little too far. Regardless, the moment passed, the fear was gone, and all was forgiven. Another example of a not so normal, but surprisingly normal, moment.
2. Exercise
Sometimes i feel like a creeper aving peoples pictures lol.
and a cheque for a published poem
I think I can also enter this card for the following challenges:
Juice of 1 lime
Long story short, leave earlier than you think you should. Better to be too early than too late, and if you know you're going to be late, communicate. Life happens, you can't plan for everything, but a little foresight goes a long way, and I would bet ten to one that there are far more influential people who are sensitive to Time Respect.
Nicodemus said to him, “How can a person once grown old be born again? Surely he cannot reenter his mother’s womb and be born again, can he?”
Um. It was sooooo not sincere. It was literally like someone was holding a gun to his head to say it. My coworker next door heard it and thinks the exact same.
Practice
The last part of the switch-eroo was to put her little bookcase on the wall where the dresser was. It's much smaller in scale and doesn't make this side of the room feel so heavy. Plus, my girl loves her books :)
If we only become mindful of that which we ignore, we will see so much beauty in these things. It feels almost surreal when something so familiar opens up to reveal something unique and particular. This is what prompted me to take my broken camera while I went walking around North Fairview. The lens has a scratch, but I have decided to explore the advantages of this defect. Sometimes the way the light scatters produces an effect like a halo over the familiar, a form of sacredness hovering over the ordinary and ignored.
- Some of them I liked, some not so much, some I liked just parts.
Every sad twat that drives like he is in the BMW he really wanted while he's actually driving the people-carrier his wife made him buy.
Let's start with a wee tale of Los Angeles and how not to have a threesome with your boyfriend.
See that shiny fabric (roughly in the center)? The one to the left of my husband's initials from his work shirts?
They are among some 11,000 asylum seekers in Israel who will continue to live in the country since they are exempt from deportation while the United Nations decides whether to recognize them as refugees, though they will not be able to earn money legally.
an invitation to all Nationalists, Third Positionists, South African ex-pats, concerned members of the public of sound and decent conscience, etc. to stage a one-day “occupation” of South African embassies against the ongoing genocide of the South African Boervolk. We ask you to consider staging “occupation” protests at all South African embassies in Western countries on March 15, 2012. The RV is limited to proposing and requesting this action/occupation; in the business world this would be called a “proposal for consideration. If our proposal and request result in acknowledgment and significant turn-outs on the suggested target date is out of our hands. We anticipate at the Center of “Left” and “Right.” The Gathering at the Vesica Piscis is latent. As such, the first business to be resolved on the dedicated Facebook page is if a six-week timeline is too tight for an undertaking of this scope and needs to be extended.
But this came out perfectly all on it's own--you just have to be patient.
3) Mail: hand-printing your name, address, city, state, ZIP code, and daytime and evening telephone numbers (including area code) on a 3″ x 5″ card, and mailing, in a #10 envelope with postage affixed, to: Visa London 2012 Olympic Games Sweepstakes for Chase Sapphire, P. O. Box 997, Plainview, NY 11803-0997. Mail-in entries must be postmarked by 5/31/12 and received by 6/7/12 in order to be eligible.
Download High-Def (HD) 1080P videos from YouTube and all other major video streaming sites with YouTube Downloader. Watching HD YouTube videos from your laptop or mobile device has never been easier!video, and most commonly involves display.
It fascinates me that in John’s gospel there are only two parables recorded. Last Sunday Jesus referred to himself as the Good Shepherd in the one parable, and this week he refers to himself as the Vine in the second. If the writer of the last canonical gospel to be written opted for only these two similes they must be pivotal to describe Jesus.
Rule 8: Reward Yourself..."
One of the joys of being a self employed writer and working from home is the fact that you don’t have to drag yourself out to an office each day. The knowledge that, if you really wanted to, you could just sit in bed to do your work is quite a pleasant one. I’ve blogged before about the importance of having ‘a space of your own’ to work – be it the kitchen table, a fully equipped study or a garden shed (mine still hasn’t appeared at the end of our garden but that’s another story). I’ve also blogged about finding the time to write, so I suppose I'm rattling on about the same sorts of things here but they are things that I'm very conscious of at the moment.
I have been posting less frequently than often as I clear through a backlog of work and projects that were put on hold during the Christmas Lectures. I also turned off commenting on the blog as it was getting over-run with ranty comments. Hopefully those elements have decided to vent elsewhere.
My friend Cindy has a friend Michelle who was planning a carnival-themed birthday party for her daughter, and she asked me to make cookies shaped like animals for the party favors. After a few emails back and forth, I decided on making elephants, lions, and giraffes. (Luckily a few months ago I had purchased this animal cookie cutter set, so a variety of different animals were at my fingertips!)
When he arrives at the hut, he finds Anaru inside there.
Those conquerors, those poets, those so fair:
1/4 lb pure, fresh, pastured lard
genre, they decided to gather up some of their fellow Jane Austen Fiction
Unfortunately this was at around the same time that Nookie was walking really well outside, and decided she didn’t like being carried so much. She would want to be in and out of the sling all the time, and while I was trying to fasten it she would run off. It was completely impractical for an energetic toddler! So after just a few weeks I sold it.
And that was not okay.
To start my abstract I diluted purple, scarlet, lilac and blue heavy body acrylics so they were transparent and could be poured. This photo was taken after two pours. I poured through napkins, paper towels and kleenex but didn’t get much added texture because the Massa provided so much.
I've been stuck in the house since Wednesday and contrary to the Guardian's article on living solo last week, living alone certainly is not a privilege when you're ill for a week and not sure who might come round (if anyone) to bring well-needed provisions, medicines and make you a cup of tea..
I had a wonderfully busy day yesterday, but didn't get a single stitch accomplished in any of those hours.
Pleasantly plump Tracy Turnblad (Nicole Blonsky) with a good voice and great moves is obsessed with the Corny Collins Show. every day after school, she and her best friend Penny runs home to drool over hot Link Larkins, much to their mothers’ dismay. one day, a dancer on the show has to leave for nine months (like duh), and auditions are held to find a replacement. with help, tracy makes it on the show, pissing off Miss Hairspray Amber von Tussle and her mother, Velma, who is also manager of the show. Tracy decides it is not fair that Negro Day (the only day where black people are allowed to dance on the show) is only held once a month, and with help from others, she’s protesting to integrate the show.
Initiates Action – Takes prompt action to accomplish objectives; takes action to achieve goals beyond what is required; is proactive. (i.e.: Responds quickly; takes independent action; goes above and beyond)
Sometime between 2003 and 2005 I began having an emotional affair. Before this time I had “dabbled” in my thought life. Thinking things about men I knew I shouldn’t. The thoughts didn’t last long and I would move on.
Hop over to Jean's blog ( Bear Hugs and Inky Paws) and see what she had made for her Simply Simple card.
- 10.8″ x 14.4″ x 4″ 27 x 36 x 10 cm
G-God
Seventh, as a trainee tour guide, you stay behind to start on dinner, or try and get information out of the guide. When the guests go out on excursions and such, technically your time is yours, but if their return time is unknown, the guide training you probably wouldn’t be impressed to see you return After the guests, or not have started on dinner, or done anything productive.
1,000,001 pieces of refreshing logic
At Lunchtime, there are two readings in Louth - Drogheda Library host Marie McSweeney at 1.30pm, where Marie will be reading from her recent work. Marie has won many prizes for her short stories and poetry, including the Francis MacManus award. DkIT Library host a reading in the library's rooftop atrium garden, where people can come and listen to poets, past and present.
Why on earth do we find such joy in feeling like trespassers in the Garden of Eden come spring and summer? It feels good to feel wild, to find our food in the field and enjoy it not too far from the field. We no longer need to forage for necessity, but it sure feels luxurious to enjoy fresh finds. Maybe that's just it: we are now modern, sophisticated people. We know how to process food and fiddle with it to the nth degree. The juxtaposition of standing in our high tech kitchen and eating a raw thing from the woods is delightful, like camping is, in theory. Eating fresh is to rusticate, to have options, but to choose the wild option. When I was a kid, the best apples were those we stole from the neighbor's orchard, never mind that they were green and wormy. The loveliest meal I ever had with my parents was picked in my own suburban front yard during a spring rain. My dad noticed that mushrooms had sprung up in the green grass--marasimus oreades--fairy ring mushrooms. He announced that he was going to pick them and we were going to eat them. I wrung my hands about it. Was he sure they were really edible? How did he know? "Trust me, Marlais." What could I do but trust my father? And so my dad and my mom and I picked them and sauteed them in butter and ate them right out of the pan with a bottle of pinot noir at my kitchen table while the rain fell softly, relentlessly into the grass.
the caleche driver who insists that Peter wants the roof up when he would much prefer to see the view as he is driven towards the medina from the station.
“You do not have enough memory for this project, try using a network.” That was the first of many slurs my computer threw at me. To which I replied, “No sh*t Sherlock, I’m old and I don’t want to network, people scare me.”
I read up on smiling and this is what I read:
Every year they sponsor an amateur photography contest. I meant to enter, but missed the deadline by a couple of days. If I'd have had my act together, the uncropped photo in the center above would have been my entry. Below is as it was taken, no cropping or digital tweaking. I'm a little disappointed I missed the deadline. I don't pretend to be any great photographer, but this photo really makes me happy and it would have been fun to enter. The winner gets a season pass to Thanksgiving Point and their photo goes in the next monthly mailer. I'm trying not to think about it.
Take yer coffee and shove it up yer arse!
It was a beautiful perfect day too. A very pleasant way to spend a saturday afternoon:
Mentors will be able to offer advice and provide information on specific careers areas/roles and share their experiences and knowledge. This is an excellent opportunity to find out more from people who are actually out there in the world of work and hear their advice first hand!
Where to find The Black Pirate:
Hello loves and happy Sunday! I haven't done a Fun Sunday in a while now and that's mainly because I find it hard to come up with something interesting every week. But this week I'm really excited to show you what I've been doing in my free time (well besides nails obviously) for the last few weeks. I've seen this done on a few blogs and wanted to try it. A month or so ago I finally found a Romanian supplier that had what I needed, so I got to work. I won't write a tutorial just because there are already good ones out there and I just followed them. This one from Rebecca likes nails and this one by Chalkboard Nails are great.
Such fractures in the main storyline inevitably change the pace and buildup of the story – a tale of the Bigfoot family has somewhat developed to become the adventures of Ava and Kiwi.
Apparently, certain animals live at certain locations, so the more places you take photos at, the more animals you will find. Although, they also move, so I can check to see if my couch is safe in a bit.
All ordered by some judge, and paid for by your tax dollars.
Yesterday, we followed along as Davis attempted to close a dormant health savings account and stop quarterly statements from being mailed to his home. First, he tried going to the HSA website and met with nothing but frustration. Today, in search of even more exasperation, he attempts to negotiate with voicemail and offshore customer service reps. We join him now as he makes the call to the toll-free help line.
The same DEA head who operated under Bush, and raided medical marijuana patients?
But being a glutton for punishment, I went back. This time in voyeur mode. I'm not gonna pin a THING. I'm just going to stalk my frenemy...see what it's up to...
Right so this thing is really beginning to annoy me now as its shot past 'good-bad' and is heading right towards 'throw across the Tube carriage in disgust'. And I would have done just that if it wasn't a hardback and there was a nice man in tracksuit bottoms and while it would have been a nice way to introduce myself I'd rather he didn't know I was reading this utter rubbish. If you care about spoilers, you may want to stop now.
See, from so many bodies an invincible life rises!
I made this super cute card as a invitation for my daughter's birthday coming up. She is such a princess so she wants a girlie party.
Even if there aren’t three characters, then things happen three times. Winnie the Witch waves her wand again, and again and again . Helen Cooper’s Bear Under the Stairs is fed one day with bananas, bacon and bread. Another day it’s hazelnuts haddock and honey. And the door is always shut with a wham, bang and thump.
All the participants received this lovely certificate and will have the opportunity to use the work in these sessions towards receiving an Arts Award. For some of these young people who will miss out on GCSEs this is a chance to gain a first qualification and they were all very proud of their certificates, as you can imagine.
I had a lot of fun with this template, and ended up with 3 samples to show you!
The second misrepresentation, according to Mr. Qaqa, was the reporting on the kidnappings of foreigners in the Northern part of Nigeria.
I'm living in the shadow of love
Note to new mommies- Tanya offers a special mom-package and “baby barre” classes at the studio!
For me there is no past or future in art. If a work of art cannot live always in the present it must not be considered at all. The art of the Greeks, of the Egyptians, of the great painters who lived in other times is not an art of the past: perhaps it is more alive today than it ever was. (Pablo Picasso, quoted in Picasso: Style and Meaning, Elizabeth Cowling, p. 392)
Here's one more picture of Gotye, just because.
Then you come out the other side and you’re back in the Dam.
Has a grassy smell in the bottle and a bitter, hoppy aroma in the glass. Pours an orange-bronze color with a nice head that is gone quickly. Bitter taste with hints of sweetness and a mild alcohol bite to both the smell and the taste. This isn’t a bad beer but still a little too bitter for my tastes long-term. A nice intermediate brew for those wanting something on the bitter side but not overpowering.
These paintings were created using gesso, acrylic paints, and oil pastels with a matte finish. All are my original paintings 14x22.
If you just happened by this blog and didn't realize a blog hop was taking place, please go back to Lovebug Scrapbooking and start the Hop. You won't want to miss all the inspiration from our members....... or the prizes.
And on Saturday, I decided I needed a little break from all the "have to's", so I stitched up a little Valentine for myself.
It's a much different routine. But it is also one that is expected every year around this time. One that I have a love/hate relationship with. I love being a part of the business, but it gets harder every year.
Though in every respect a saint – a man who took holiness seriously – Uncle John would have hated hagiography. Steer has succeeded in being honest and at the same time deeply appreciative and respectful.
Back then she learned the names
“Yes?” he said after picking up his phone.
The end of the commercial sealing industry is now inevitable. It’s time to take the politics out of the debate and simply acknowledge the facts. The Conservative government is ignoring Canadian opposition to the commercial hunt and has turned a deaf ear to the international community and its global boycott of commercial seal hunt products.
The first part of the week was spent in the company of such glamorous, dead stars as the uber-urbane Cary Grant (pictured) – whose image, along with those of Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Katharine Hepburn and Marlene Dietrich, I was hanging in my exhibition at the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall. It’s been a labour of love for many years, this project of researching what stars did when they visited Scotland, and I’m delighted to see all the photos up on the walls in the City of Stars exhibition which opened officially on Saturday.
Hello there, happy Friday!
The news went on after the commercial and after a few headlines, the sports news began to roll. Despite the fact that I’m not a very sporty person, I’ve come to anticipate the sports news because DIANA CAMILLE CARREON has been a presenter on the show for almost a year now. She had replaced Dianne Castillejo as the main sports reporter ever since she retired from TV. From time to time, PBA correspondent DESIREE BALTAZAR also appeared to report on the games and the lives of the PBA ballers. Not so far from their line of specialization is their friend REINALYN BANAG who is also a PBA correspondent for AM radio. She even anchors the radio coverage of championships and reports straight from the court!
- In Thailand all cinema goers must stand up during the National Anthem before a film starts.
Roshon and Chelsie danced a paso doble with Sasha from the troupe. Chelsie wanted another guy in the dance to help Roshon with his routine, and he did. Roshon did a good job. Score: 27 = 56
Watched NBC TV and visited NBC.com on a computer and on a mobile device
This is the wife giving her approval of Karl Rove’s tastes:
*Stay calm.
Crater-face didn't answer. He just sat there, leaning back in his chair as we continued descending into the depths.
Soul mates will feel themselves bonded together for a lifetime.
... it takes just a little longer for everything to get going over here on the east coast of England... I read about people eating wild garlic... or nettle soup... watercress... or rhubarb... and my rhubarb (well, you all know it's actually my neighbour Tracey's rhubarb but what she doesn't know wont harm her...) has really just come into its own... it's at that perfect stage where I can feel happy picking it whilst still giving it a chance to continue to yield all summer long... as long as Tracey doesn't take too much, the thieving moose!
What do I predict for 2032?"
4. Geoff Earhart is organized and methodical in his approach to everything. He’s been ordered to recover a vital piece of equipment from a capsized ship. Force of nature: Lightning storm
Although the kids were reprimanded for not doing what they were told to do (the two older ones came to tell us what happened after it happened, not while it was happening), I'm glad all of that was sorted.
Choices range from beef noodle (soup), chicken rice, various curry's and of course dim sum. Now at this point I will add that for a whitey in a place like this ordering a meal is a little confusing. Although it looks like a singular 'restaurant', in reality it is a collection of street vendors with their own carts, tills and menus... I clicked on to this fact after sitting at a table for the better part of 5 minutes waiting for the non-existent waiter with the laminated piece of A4 paper which I can't actually read or understand anyway.
Martina & Marissa
The straps are too big, hence their hanging on the side. I decided to leave them like that because they look better that way than up. Although I might just make tie straps...
As we head into the latter half of the fifth and final season, it’s natural that we see the return of some faces and the appearance of new ones and the wrapping up of long-term story lines. But that doesn’t mean we can’t have some fun in the meantime. Especially if it’s at the expense of our favorite Marshal Marshall Mann, right?
Settlements: Winners
Bitterness: 71 IBU
suppressed technology. Would that include the suppressed weapon
Life in two genders is probably the most amazing experience ever imaginable. To experience it means to be able to see how both men and women socialize... independently as well as with each other and from a perspective which only can be had when one can be affirmed by men and women as the gender they are presenting as. I'm still in the thought that this is more a gift than a curse. It is, as is everything in life we are dealt, dependent upon how we perceive it and what we do with what we have been given. Acceptance is the first step toward understanding and toward personal growth. I think I am well on my way.
Mack, I love how your posts emphasize the importance of adding value to your current strategy rather than focusing all your efforts on wow-ing people with big, new ideas or amazing results. I think that it's really easy for people to get caught up in the social media buzz. And as a result, they rush into the blogosphere/Twitter/Facebook and skip any steps requiring some creativity.
"Thats very KROQ sounding that track, dont you think"
I have purged my wardrobe (and my possessions)
Some works of history are so monumental that they are especially deserving of praise. This is the case of Norman Stone’s The Atlantic and Its Enemies: A History of the Cold War ($35.00, Basic Books). The Cold War that lasted from 1946 to 1991 when the Soviet Union collapsed was an epic struggle that dominated the second half of the last century. Having lived through it, I have vivid memories of its milestones including the Cuban Missile Crisis when I was on the alert in the U.S. Army in the event we had to invade. Sadly, a new generation has little or no knowledge of this epic period in which freedom triumphed over Communism. Stone regards Ronald Reagan, Margaret Thatcher, Charles de Gaulle and Helmut Schmidt to be four of the heroes of the Cold War. It was the military power and economic strength of the United States and a succession of American presidents, supported by Americans, who never wavered. Stone calls the United States a “great creative force” during the Cold War era. The book reflects three decades of research. Its 712 pages reflect the scope of the struggle which, at times, turned hot in proxy nations. To understand our present times, one must know what the Cold War was and did. We are no less challenged for the dearth of world leaders who replaced the giants of a former age. Having lived through the era, American Dreams: The United States Since 1945 by H.W. Brands ($35.00, The Penguin Press), I was very impressed with the way the author captured the changes that occurred in America following the end of World War Two. The cliché that America emerged as the only superpower in the world is true and so are the great societal changes that followed in its wake. Brands analyzes the changes in a way that brings clarity to someone like myself looking back or to someone born well into the second half of the last century who might not comprehend. It’s not always pretty because of the turmoil. The gradual distancing from long-held common values and beliefs is the most surprising aspect as the children of returned WWII veterans embraced a drug culture and rejected traditional sexual mores in the sixties. There followed both the end of segregation and the rise of feminism. If you love history you will love this book. I did.
Greece, however, violated both the deficit and debt limit every year. Also exceeding the maximum public debt limit in the eleven years analyzed by Eurostat (see accompanying table)were Italy, Belgium and Austria. The criterion which limits public deficits to a maximum of 3% was exceeded on 60 occasions. The deficit ceiling is the main criteria agreed in the Stability and Growth Pact (SGP), established in 1997. The SGP was the instrument designed to monitor public finances of the euro zone countries to compensate for the lack of fiscal policy in the euro zone layout.
Welcome Tania!
A little while ago, I created a shareable calendar for The Millions' list of notable forthcoming releases and a modified version of it with a few personal additions.
*Downloadable photos online (uploaded on facebook within 12hrs after the event)
While these individuals do not intend to operate like false prophets and deceivers, they do based on their sphere of influence on those who love them. This is why we must pray. Many of the people who voted against the amendment are deceived because their love for their homosexual loved ones have
My mother, a single mom, supported my sudden coloring immersion because the time she was afforded as I sat silently with my tongue hanging out of the side of my mouth, gripping Sea Green, Carnation Pink, Silver, Cornflower and the sixty other crayons, allowed her to prepare for the holiday. She’d play Christmas music and happily sing along as she added a few finishing touches to the decorations in our apartment.
Now that I'm off my FTO time I should have a few more noteworthy occurances to talk about.
- Jean-Luc Godard
In order to reduce the contestants down the final 20, each judge had to select two contestants to go up against each in other in a battle. After each battle it would be up to the judges to select the person they wanted to take through. This was the point where the show fell down. It was no longer about the voice but clearly about the age and look of the contestants. If you look at the majority of battles, nearly every time the younger contestant went through. Will.I.am make the choice of a contestant based on age due to who he was as a 17 year old. Foolishness.
I hate the first definition.
Do your students have a video camera and a good idea? If so, here's an exciting opportunity to win a prize!
Oh my!! Red face here, as I had hardly anything good to say about this film when I caught it at the cinema. Since then, Ridley Scott's continuance of the Lector saga has grown on me to the point where I rate it as his best to date. For me, Julianne Moore upstages Jodie Foster as Starling and the script - throwing in a renegade cop and a disfigured Gary Oldman - is a constant delight. Love everything about it, including that firework display which you just know Lector arranged, coldly confident about the outcome.
Photograph by Vivien Meier
Okay, so that’s the real reason Mr. Big is terrible for Carrie. I am a firm believer that people do not change. And before you begin to tell me about your friend’s brother’s roommate’s uncle who was once a terrible, cheating bastard who sucked the people in his life dry, found some version of God and is now the best person ever, works at a soup kitchen in his free time, is the best husband ever, best father ever and is a whole different person you wouldn’t even recognize him … just stop. I believe that these stories, for the most part, are myths. These are the stories that we tell one another so that we give people a second chance.
Only two more days and this Christmas mania will die down and we'll be able to do things like grocery shopping again. Hooray! I'm very fond of Dickens but at this time of the year I have a hard time forgiving him for his part in launching the Christmas juggernaut. Weeks of international dementia. I know I could make some money by touting gift certificates but I can't stand to participate in the madness.
and their cosmic role and responsibilities on this realm of life.
What I did: Cut the volcano out at 4.75" using espresso and tomato colored paper. Cut them 4 times each. Yes 4. That isn't a typo. Grab a paper cup any size will do. If it ends up too tall just lop off the bottom or top. Which ever. Maybe the top so you have a nice even bottom. Don't want a wonky bottom!
SCIENTIFIC GUY - What are you talking about?Writing like this doesn't come around every day, but it seems when it does, it has to be read by guys who didn't do well in Remedial Declamatory Speech 101.
We haven't had either for many, many years. I won't get into the trash, etc that comes in to our homes via TV.
5. Have fun!
Monk turned 4 on Sunday. He remains awesome. We have huge long conversations now, and he has his own opinions and thoughts and it's just glorious. We're having an issue right now, though. I guess it's probably why I came here. I need to talk about it.
At this particular quarry, the first stone ledge was about fifteen feet above the surface of the water. This was an easy jump and the most popular. The second ledge was approximately twice the height and there were fewer kids jumping from there. The third flat rock was eight or ten feet higher and was set back, requiring jumpers to get a running start to leap out and clear the sides of the quarry. Even the steep climb to get there was tricky. This was quite dangerous, and nobody was jumping from there, certainly not us. That is where most of the beer cans were. I could see Ian watching the older kids on the second ledge and trying to find an acceptable reason in his head why not to jump. After about an hour of swimming and goofing around in another area of the quarry, I said it was time to jump or go home. The three of us hiked up the cut back path to the first ledge and, after a few looks over the edge, we jumped. Max was wary and nervous but he went because Ian and I went. It was immediately exhilarating and fun, so we did this a number of times, until Ian said he wanted to jump from the next higher rock. I looked at him and asked if he was sure. He said, “Yeah…why not?” I could tell he was acting.
In spite of an entire full-scale battleship with all kinds of weapons, missiles, nuclear capabilities and such at its disposal, this movie still suffers from a major case of over-compensating and under-scripting. Despite Dimple-Chin's heroic efforts, this time travel epic just doesn't have enough gigawatts.
I've posted some sample pictures at the bottom of this post and a full copy of the tutorial will be made available to class attendees. The sampels posted are not the colors we are using for this class, but the look and feel will be similar. This project has several paper options to choose from, 1) Kaiser Craft paper from the Elegance line, 2) Kaiser Craft Paper from the Old World line, and 3) Basic Grey paper from their Porclain or Marakesh line. When you walk away from this class, you will have a beautifully bound book with gorgeous ribbons, beads and embellishments, along with some extra embellishments for another project. Come over to my booth and take a look at the kits and pick yours before they're gone! Space is very limited! Cost for this class is $15 and worth every penny and then some...I see Christmas gifts to friends in your futures!
Named after a phrase in a classic Dylan song from Blood On The Tracks, these mini-breaks are called “Slowly Into Autumn”. Three to four paying guests, or three couples, can join the author of “Song & Dance Man III”, “The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia” and “Hand Me My Travelin’ Shoes: In Search of Blind Willie McTell”, for meals created by his wife, the food writer Sarah Beattie, followed by chats about Dylan’s work alongside wine and music. Themes will range from “Dylan & the Romantic Poets” to “Dylan’s Use of Blues & Bible” and “Dylan, Plagiarism and Bootlegs”.
♥~Organic Rosemary Mint Bath Salts~♥
"The hotheads should be reminded that the Caucasus is Russia," said the Chechen leader. "I want to responsibly state that the population of our region supports decisive measures taken and being taken by the country's law enforcement agencies to restore due order," Kadyrov said.
(Yes, I just used whore and God in the same paragraph. I'm odd like that.)
No Pressure
the game is over. We
And that's that!
Singular mother tongue assignments arise in multilingual contexts only, and their consequences are far from random. If you are matched to a mother tongue, you are expected to show proficiency in that tongue, and to represent its speakers. Including if you’re a child. If you don’t, because you don’t use that tongue in the way someone says you should, or because it’s not your fault that someone decided you had that tongue, your whole future may be at stake. Especially if you’re a child.
b) I haven't really done anything worth writing about
Yesterday, the head of the New York Stock Exchange/Euronext was on the Fox Business Network talking to the floor reporter. Duncan Neidhauer (if I got his German-esque name right) talked to Nicole Peteldies (if I got her Greek name right – expect an update because I have to find the video online anyways) about a campaign to fund some private SPED school in Jersey. What was really sick was how he acted like the “guy next door” of how his son was dx’d with autism and “put him out of district” to this private SPED school of the subject. I’m sorry, I suppose I am statusist (if that’s even a word) I just don’t think its right for a CEO of a multinational stock exchange to talk so down to earth. This guy is a defender of Autism Speaks, I think he may even be on the board for all I know.
do we go in prayer, to the alter with head bowed at the feet of our Lord, to merely just sit there and BE with him? to be near him? to be in his presence? to adore?
what is it going to be like, that cottage of darkness?
So here we are, snow survived, back to the grind, but with a rather beer related wedding to plan. I'll try not to bore you with too much wedding chat. I'll try.
As delicious as that pizza was, it was nothing compared to Gusta’s Pizza. Gusta’s is across the river, and it’s right down the road from St. Marks English Church. I ate here three times while I was over there. They make the dough fresh in front of you, roll it out, top it and bake it in the brick oven! I had the pesto pizza there twice, and it was by far my favorite pizza I had over there. It was pesto sauce with dollops of buffalo mozzarella cheese on it, can you say delicious? Because it was! The guys that work there and own it are insanely nice, and very accommodating. They even make your pizza in the shape of a heart sometimes; it’s really cute. It is a favorite of both local Florentines and American study abroad students. I also had their margherita pizza and it was even better than Mr. Pizza. Their crust is thicker and has a really great cornmeal flavor. (Both are really affordable as well; Mr. Pizza was 6 Euros and Gusta’s Pizza was 7 Euros.
When a man is armed with all the necessary positive qualities, he can freely move through the path of self-knowledge. But the question is how to choose the right path. Specifically, there is much more correct and even more incorrect paths. They all lead to one goal, but the time to achieve the goal is different. Each initiate (beginner who aspires to higher goals) basically wants as soon as possible to reach the goal of his own life’s journey. And despite the fact that every path is difficult and time consuming (there is no instant success), there are some shortcuts that can facilitate the choice that every initiate must do when he finds himself at the crossroads of their pre-defined route.
By August, the volume of media contacts grew so large that Moore estimates it at 463 for the month.
Sleep, and let them come...
4. I like Vanilla Ice. That has nothing to do with why I have been absent, but I felt like getting it out there. Word to your mother.
'oh, I'd love to make a film', but I hadn't really planned on
And sadly, there wasn't any Palo Santo Marron to be found. Trust me, I asked. But there was some good news. While apparently Maryland and DC have already gotten label approval, Virginia just recently did so, but we should be seeing some by the end of April. I don't want to build my expectations too high, but I'm interested to see what the eccentric mind of Sam Calagione has come up with lately.
You can have three skills total, only one of which can be a crafting skill, and you can train them at level one if desired (although you normally wouldn't pick them up until you leave your starting planet at about level 10).
8 – 12 oz (i.e. a couple of medium-sized) potatoes, peeled and cut into large chunks
However, I think the naysayers are onto something. Unschooling does allow kids to exist outside of reality - at least, one particular type of reality. Let's reframe the arguments above from a feminist perspective:
It is time, I fear, to tell An Incident from our recent holiday. It has nothing to do with the spud bar the fact that he was 20 feet away but missed it entirely. This is a Good Thing as seeing one's mother pulled naked from the ocean is possibly 'scar for life' material. But I digress.
have you ever avoided reading a book because the reviews are so good that you're scared the book can never live up to the hype? i find myself doing that with 'the help'. i tiptoe around it quietly - looking at the yellow bookcover and caress it time to time, thinking about cracking the pages. then i put it down again. it sits on my nightstand in quiet reproach.
1 The New York Times on more banks being downgraded. Standard & Poor’s on Tuesday downgraded some of the world’s largest financial institutions, another blow to an industry that continues to struggle three years after the darkest hours of the financial crisis. The agency lowered by one notch its long-term credit ratings on some of the biggest and best-known banks in the US, including Bank of America, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and JP Morgan Chase. The action, the result of S&P applying new standards to 37 financial firms around the world, prompted a downgrade of 15 banks. Among the eight largest banks in the US under review by S&P, only Boston-based State Street was spared. Rating agencies, which were criticized for being too slow to sound the alarms about the 2008 financial crisis, have recently been carrying out an aggressive wave of downgrades. In September, Moody’s cut its credit ratings on three large banks: Bank of America, Citigroup and Wells Fargo.
Shoppers are able to purchase products at the site online or pay a monthly membership fee of $9.99 to receive member pricing. Items will range from $10.00 for accessories up to the thousands for artwork.
Maybe this reaction was something specific to me? If so, it might happen again! I guess I looked worried as don Rober approached me and asked if I was “bien?” I assured him I was fine and he smiled and patted my back. Other participants also came up to me and gave me their love and encouragement. This is such an affirming and responsive group experience. It is reassuring and powerful.
Paul Di Resta: “We had a few issues today which kept us in the garage and meant that we couldn’t get through much of our programme. The guys spent a lot of time changing things on the car just before lunch and I only managed to get back out for a final run at the end of the day. You always want more laps, but these things can happen and hopefully we can have a full day of running tomorrow to get through our programme and learn what we need to learn.”
Anyone who studied at The Madras Catering in the 70s and 80s would remember that these were (and possibly still are) the best known places to eat when in Madras, especially when you were broke!
Alone among prejudices, anti-Semitism makes total and complete morons out of its adherents. With the notable exceptions of Hunter Wallace and the crew at Occidental Dissent, just about every anti-Semite I’ve read on the Internet is two whips short of a BDSM kit. I think the hysterical, fact-free nature of anti-Semitism is part of the problem. People who hate or distrust blacks/NAMs at least have the facts on their side – Jew-haters have to make stuff up about conspiracies to take control of the world and deracinate white people in order to justify their paranoia. When someone comes along to debunk their idiocy with cold, hard facts, they attack them in the most insane ways possible. This is why I don’t bother arguing about the Jews with anti-Semites – it’s as productive as arguing with Truthers about 9/11.
What causes the Pharisees to plot to kill Jesus? Jesus had just healed a man with a shriveled hand on the Sabbath. Why was this a big deal? The Pharisees’ power and popularity with the people was rooted in their perceived devotion to the Jewish Law. What the people could not see was that the Pharisee’s strict adherence to the Law was not motivated by love for God and love for their neighbor, but by a lust for power. Jesus uses this healing to expose their hypocrisy. Work was forbidden on the Sabbath, the seventh day of the week, by the Jewish Law. The Pharisees taught that healing was work and therefore was illegal on the Sabbath. But Jesus’ healing points out the absurdity of their position. How can an act of love for your neighbor be against the Law of God? Shamed, the Pharisees do not repent and submit to Jesus. Instead they plot to get rid of him.
I peeled, cored and sliced 2 apples
Jesus did everything to please his Father and as such he earned it to be placed higher than ordinary people and than the angels, though at first he was lower than them.
너에게 또 갈수록 더 스며들어
About 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
And saw it in his smile.
The 10-suite walk-ups were particularly challenged. Bought for about $10,000 per suite, heavily financed with two mortgages, taxes, and maintenance, they experienced declining rental revenues that put some investors to the wall. One case study involved a building near Granville and 12th, built in 1951 and bought eight years later for a $46,000 down payment on a price of $102,000. High vacancies in 1960 forced the owner to move into the building with his family. Two years later, repairs and maintenance had created a deficit of about $1,000 a year, which the owner had to pay out of his salary. He was forced to consider dropping rents back to $85 a month, the same rate as those in a 40-year-old building.
Anyway, “21 Jump Street” boosted my spirits and actually brought me back to my own high school days, as that is what the film is about. “21 Jump Street” begins in 2005, when Schmidt (Jonah Hill) and Jenko (Channing Tatum) are high school seniors. The first scene opens with Eminem’s “Slim Shady” playing in the background, and you understand why the instant you see Schmidt, who looks like a bloated version of the troubled rapper, who, might I add, had pretty much disappeared from the face of the earth by 2005. His glory days took place during my freshman year in 2002, but perhaps that’s the whole point of Schmidt’s image: He’s way behind on the times and out of style:
The Thai people are so fabulous. They are kind and loving and have
Let’s take the specific case of the official spokesman for the CDLR. His name was Mohammed al-Masari. Despite being a strong believer in sharia law in all its forms, as well as an Islamist of sorts, the BBC and other Western news outlets ‘simply adored’ him. So too did Amnesty International (which simply adored Moazzam Begg much later); but only after he was thrown in jail. In 1994 he was released. After which he went to Londonistan to carry out his anti-Saudi, but pro-Islamist and pro-complete Sharia-isation, activities.
Time: 7:30pm
Moderator: This is a story of two mothers who bring their case before King Solomon. The King knew that on the date in question, in the middle of the night, two prostitutes slept peacefully, their newborns tucked in their arms. The two women aren’t named in the Bible, but we will call them Mona and Lena.
Tushingham
I’d like to add also Michael Stackpole’s post on DRM or lack of it – he’s right, Kindle owners (except me, LOL!) shop only on Amazon, Nook owners on B&N, etc. Sure, you can use Calibre to convert those e-books, but that’s why I love Smashwords – once I have bought the book, I have access to all formats, including old-fashioned pre-Kindle PDF.
I could look at your face until I go blind
I seriously considered sticking to the bunny hill the whole time, but I thought that would be a sad way to spend the day.
Since i was old enough to remember, we’ve had a fayre in the park in the village. I’ve tried to find out how many years it’s been going but there doesn’t seem to be much documentation. I do know at least that it’s more than twenty three years! Traditionally there is a raft race, bric a brac stalls, books, games, coconut shys, cream teas and ice cream as well as races for children and parents and the very amusing ‘Splat a rat.’ Regardless of the weather, plenty of people usually turn out and throughout Monday you can hear the music from where we live. And of course everyone parks their cars in our road. Joy!
(float) -150 / 100 produces: -1.500000
Send your entries in before Friday 9th and the winner will be announced shortly after. Submissions information can be found here
You'll catch Lionel & myself down there soon, and that's a promise.
Can only be contained in a love container
Kirk orders Decker back to the Enterprise and before he can get back the planet killer shows up, preventing his own trip back to safety. It’s a great move that has real narrative consequence, something that’s sometimes absent in TOS. With Kirk trapped on the Constellation and Decker now the highest ranking officer on the Enterprise, we’ve got a captain in his right mind captaining a dead ship, and a rattled Commodore forcing his way to control of a live ship. It’s a wonderful juxtaposition, and both Shatner and Windom act the heck out of their scenes.
There are plenty of good choices here, and they make it easy by displaying the “Wok Smart” logo next to any entrée with 250 calories or less. Get a two-entrée plate, avoid Orange Chicken and Beijing Beef, and you’re set…as long as you choose the mixed vegetables as your side. Here's why: Chow mein noodles (400 calories), steamed rice (420), fried rice (570!)…and vegetables (35).
Who would have guessed that four minutes could change everything?
$491.7 Billion: Amount Of Taxes In ObamaCare. (Letter to Speaker Nancy Pelosi, 3/18/10; Joint Committee On Taxation, 3/2/10)
Thanks for reading this first part, and feel free to leave comments, queries, or any other feedback in the Comments section. To receive an e-mail notification when the next post in the series is published, use the “Follow Blog via Email” link in the sidebar.
hmmm...letting some personal thoughts spill out today because i need a little self therapy.
Exhaustion helps justify almost anything.
Hi everyone. Sorry I've been gone so long. We've had a lot going on. Mainly a move across the country! We moved from Missouri to South Carolina. Still trying to get settled in. We love it here! :D I'm in the process of decorating my new craft room. I hope to have pics to show you soon.
“That doesn’t count; I mean your actual friends.”
Our usual routine is to arrive at the headman's (or woman's!) house and introduce ourselves having warned them in advance of our plans. As we set up, the headman sends the word out and young people start to arrive, hunkering down on their heels in the shade as they wait. Some arrive direct from their work in the rice paddies, a young lifetime of manual work evidenced though the callouses on their hands and the premature aging of their faces. Others are dragged by hopeful parents, clutching their 'family books' (as proof of age) in tatty plastic bags.
As an omnivore who often enjoys vegan and vegetarian meals, but still loves the taste of meat too much to give it up, I like using the parts of animal that are often neglected and could otherwise go to waste. The following story and accompanying images contains content that may be off-putting to those who are not comfortable with offal.
The retail prices index measure of inflation soared from 4.4 per cent in March to 5.3 per cent in April, the highest level since 1991, according to the Office for National Statistics.
Bread Lines in the '70's
You made my heart skip in that moment and you still do.
I felt terrible for having to leave my daughter on her birthday at a time when she needed me. One of the real life struggles of a working mother – So hard. I felt so small. On the way to work, I snapped at my son who kept saying from the back seat, “Mom, look. Mom look.” I raised my voice in a rant, “How many times do I have to tell you that I can’t look while I’m driving? Do you want us to get into a wreck?” Instantly, I regretted it. I began to cry. It was a terrible morning, and I hadn’t even gotten to work yet.
night Jax wore his sweat pants and ate snacks of one kind and another. His wife called him “WIDE THING!” and Jax said “I’LL EAT THIS UP!” so he was sent to bed without getting any.
You’re in the dark about it all.
Yes, I continued to get positive, wonderful comments on my recipes and I appreciate and value every single one of them. But my motivation was missing. I wrote about the Mercy For Animals undercover investigation. And then I wrote a note to Shirley on her Facebook page, telling her how I had lost my momentum without her here to encourage me. And her husband, Ben, responded and told me "Don't stop now, keep up the good work, our mission isn't over yet. The world needs us!!! Now more than ever." And I realized I was being selfish.
But it was too hot outside.
But we need not wait, as we are doing, to be taught the absolute value of land and of land health by hunger and disease. Affection can teach us, and soon enough, if we grant appropriate standing to affection. For this we must look to the stickers, who “love the life they have made and the place they have made it in.”
hi(●´∀｀●)/
Her exciting apartment you'll learn about today
Deputy Chief of Naval Operations, Fleet Readiness, and Logistics (’04-’07)
The comments today should be fairly interesting to say the least. Have fun re-learning the Push Up and most importantly ENJOY!!!
The last legs of the entire course were here, mile 9. A brief jog to Chernobyl Jacuzzi where they had these 2 large dumpsters that were filled with heavily iced water and dyed to either a color of blue, green or red. You had to climb and jump in and then swim under a wooden board submerged underwater. This had to be 38 degree water, it was COLD!! Now I was cold, exhausted, blue, caked with mud and physically finished… I had maybe a half a mile left before the most intense obstacle of all, Electro Shock Therapy.
This week I am using this fun image from our sponsor, Digi Doodle called 'Turkey in Disguise'. This 'dinner-in-waiting' has donned some bunny ears & gone undercover to hide his identity & comes with a few free fun one liner sentiments to illustrate his predicament - whether for Christmas or Thanksgiving . Of course, being in the UK, for me he is on a Christmas themed tag and has been coloured with Promarkers to what I hope is at least something vaguely turkey-like. LOL. I don't know about you, but I normally only see them when they are all plucked & in a shop freezer. LOL. I made the tag circular as I hoped it echoed his rotund shape given that he will have undoubtedly been especially fattened up! The addition a piece at the top maked my circle into a suitably Christmas-sy bauble & I hammered a slot into this for the ribbon to go through. The backing papers, by the way, are both designs by HOTP from my stash.
Katheryn loves racing.
The point is not only to increase your own influence, but to positively affect people’s attitudes. This is because, if techniques are the vehicle of improvement, people’s attitudes are the fuel. Only once you have fuelled the corporate atmosphere with motivation and involvement is it time to redesign the systems and perhaps the organisational structure.
WODI AP, SAMY S, EZEANOLUE E, et al. Influenza vaccine: immunization rates, knowledge, and attitudes of resident physicians in an urban teaching hospital. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2005; 26: 867-873.
In Charlie's case, he see's his orthopedic doctors and/or nurse practitioner, the nurse who sort of oversees kids with Spina Bifida, his urologist, the orthotist (for bracing) and potentially - but not this time - the neurologist. Maybe a nutritionist gets tossed in if needed, and some x-rays (yesterday it was hips). We got there at 8:30 am. We left around 1. At most, 15 minutes was spent interacting with actual people. The rest of the time, we waited in a room and Charlie got bored and annoyed. But that is not really the point of this post, although it does sometimes make me wonder if we should forego clinic for individual appointments, where I think more time would be spend with each patient because there is no rush to the next room full of parents and cranky kid. I digress.
From Sabrina Elkhani & Steve Nelson
I had to stop for a re-strategizing meeting. Once I'd gotten my new very risky orders, I took several steps back so my body was as far from the counter as possible. Then with my fingertips, I quickly (so as not to get crawled on) and gently (to prevent excessive towel swinging) picked up the towel and dropped it to the floor a few feet away from where I stood.
diet coke with crushy ice
So, queue the shopping!
2) The Secret Sexual Revolution If this generation wants to reverse the trend and reduce the number of Christians having premarital sex, the ﬁrst step is trying to ﬁgure out why so few are waiting.
2) Do you Stamp? Or would like to?
According to media reports, Madrid has signed a contract to play a game in Kuwait once the season ends. The game will take place on May 15, and they will probably face an all-star team from Kuwait.
I read this one in one sitting on my flight to Florida a couple of weeks ago. It had been sitting on my Kindle for a few weeks (since I obtained a review copy from Netgalley) and I knew it was about travelling, so I thought it would be the perfect book to start my holiday with. Of course, as I was flying to Florida rather than an obscure village that very few tourists ever make it to, most of the characters in Wanderlove would deem me a 'Spring Breakpacker' and probably laugh at my non-hemp based outfit but still.
That and some other things are distracting me from the finer things in life, like laying in bed reading a good book and eating a pound of See's candy.
I am why Jesus wept.
He has been talking with a string of Far Eastern airlines during a three-day visit to the Chinese city of Chengdu for the Routes Asia conference. Mr Kehoe said feedback from the airlines was positive, with many now considering Birmingham as a new destination once the runway extension is completed in 2014.
Is it just me but are coupons all the rage these days? I'm obsessed with Extreme Couponing, in the same way I'm fascinated by the Real Housewives. I don't want to be them, but it's fun to watch. I do like to save money though, but have been terrible at using coupons, despite my best efforts. It seems I'd checkout and the in the car on the way home remember I had a coupon or the one I wanted to use was expired, but now I'm determined to be more organized with my coupons.
During the renovation of the property, restaurateur Morton managed to dig deep enough to find not only the revolving stage beneath Sturges' dance floor, but also the entrance to The Players' "legendary VIP tryst tunnel" to Chateau Marmont - apparently sealed off by the city long ago. According to Morton, he dug through layer upon layer of debris, "But when I stripped it all down, incredible things came to light."
Work on, workout, keep moving and eating a good breakfast. I have eaten my apple or fruit I should say in the morning when doing HCG rounds so that I trip my metabolism and keep the body saying oh it might be smaller but its still food and gas in the early morning hours (get the drift).
And the final season of ER goes out as it came in 15 seasons before — with an electrifying mix of complex characters, rich storylines, brisk pacing and kinetic style. Favorite characters from the past (some you expect, some may surprise you) return in this 22-episode valedictory season of the series that shattered the mold for medical dramas. You’ve come to the right place. Check in one last, momentous time at County General.
A big thank you to Hazel who has been our guest designer this month! We have enjoyed having her aboard and will keep an eye on her blog and projects going forward! THANK YOU HAZEL!
If they succeed and pass their legislation there will be nothing whites or any minority for that matter will be able to do, except defend their property with their lives or go to war.
Some day I will define
I used some burgundy shabby ribbon, a maroon button with some jute twine and a mini safety pin. I layered the image onto some black paper.
Anyone can enter and the deadline for entries is Sunday 10 June 2012.
Sate Maranggi ( Satay Maranggi )
More Sponsors Than A District 1 Tribute
It is nonfiction, but it’s meticulously researched nonfiction, more academic and scholarly than what I’m used to, and so I’m appropriately nervous to be wading into that.
Step 5: Drawing on the Yellow Circle
Philip Pullman said you can't compete for a book prize. You have to regard them as the random kindness of providence - which is a very nice thought. Julia Eccleshare thought that the danger of tagging authors as prizewinners sometimes means other deserving books don't get enough recognition. And that there should be a prize for authors "in mid-career."
The name of love lives on because of us.
With such finely crafted technical aspects, and a great supporting cast, it's understandable why Soderbergh would take a chance on an unknown property like Carano in the lead. Primarily known as an MMA fighter, Carano really brings it in the fight scenes and though her range is somewhat limited, Soderbergh tailors Haywire to her strengths. She doesn't quite have the charisma of some of her more seasoned co-stars, but she is believable as a special agent/ass-kicking-machine which is fairly rare in the subgenre of the female-centered action picture.
… In both cases [secret evidence in civil trials, and Internet-tapping — PJW] it seems to me that what should be at issue is not the principle, but the restrictions which should be put in place to safeguard the rights of the innocent. (src)The debates aren't about the principle of protecting all of us from unwarranted government intrusion (in the case of Internet-tapping), or of ensuring that both parties fight on a level playing field (in the case of secret evidence); they are about protecting the people who are innocent, while giving the guilty a dashed good hiding. Of course, as a principle of English law, everyone is innocent until proven guilty, but Our Norm has already declared himself above such petty fripperies: presumably he can tell, immediately and with perfect accuracy, who is as guilty as sin and who's innocent.
Just a few months ago in March, when most were worrying about a coming weakness (or a double-dip recession) the surprises were very positive. Back then, the average economist, unlike the sentiment surveys, was quite pessimistic. At least relative to the actual results.
I wish I could have written this letter to myself 20 years ago to tell that young woman to broaden her view of what happiness is and how to recognize its locks and keys. I never had the dress shopping, bridesmaids, and showers. I never relished the joy of telling my husband we were expecting or cozied up to him in bed as we looked through baby name books. I grew to believe that all those things were pinnacles of happiness that I had never been to and never would since I met my love much later than planned.
In the realm of spirituality this is exacerbated by the inherent unknowability of the process of gnosis. The intimate, personal experience of the inner world. This is why the best spiritual teachers teach in parables. People are thereby guided in the right direction but the destination is not defined succinctly. It is up to the Seeker to have the experience her or himself.
Jonsi: I made a decision many years ago when I was eighteen years old and we'd just started the band not to pay too much attention to what critics are saying or writing about us, and I haven't really changed from that. I know there are a lot of weird people writing things on the internet but that's something we've learned to live with. I guess we haven't done too badly as far as the critics are concerned to still be here making music and playing live shows.
The show is from 9am-11am (Pacific Timezone).
What can participants expect from the workshops?
Isn’t that lovely?
Falconer makes it sound as though someone in government was officially commissioning him to carry out this report. In fact he is a well-known advocate of assisted suicide and attempted unsuccessfully to legalise it in 2009 in an amendment to the Coroners and Justice Bill. His commission is actually a campaign strategy – suggested by Dignity in Dying (formerly the Voluntary Euthanasia Society) and part-financed by one of their patrons, celebrity novelist Terry Pratchett. Furthermore, nine of his twelve hand-picked commission members had previously expressed support for the legalisation of assisted suicide.
When you begin to write and you are at a high writing speed, it is easy to slow down when you see any problems. However, your goal should be to maintain your pace and maintain your speed. If there’s an area where you aren’t able to come up with a valid point to include then leave it blank with a note written in caps, so that you can come back to it later on and fill it out.
I could easily fill this posting with images, but not ours. If you go here you can see a selection of photos of the chapel from every angle, in all its seasons. But the few you see here are ours, the tiny ones taken in late summer 2008. The two larger ones towards the end were taken by Tracey on this Anzac Day 2012. They are what inspired this posting.
Jonjo O’Neill (born April 13, 1952) was a highly successful jump jockey and has established himself at the top of the training ranks. In spite of an appalling list of injuries, he was champion jockey twice (1977/78 and 1979/80), and he set a then record for a season of 149 winners in his first championship year. The most sensational moment of his riding career came when he won the Cheltenham Gold Cup on Dawn Run in 1986 as the mare became the only horse to win that trophy after having previously taken the Champion Hurdle (1984), again with O’Neill in the saddle. He also won the Gold Cup on Alverton in 1979, though he had a dreadful record in the Grand National, in which he never completed the course in spite of having eight rides. He retired from the saddle at the end of the 1985/86 season and, having survived lymphatic cancer not long after that, started training near Penrith, Cumbria, in 1987. He forged a reputation with horses such as Vicario Di Bray, winner of the 1989 Champion Hurdle Trial at Haydock, and Legal Right, who landed the Grade Three Tripleprint Gold Cup at Cheltenham in 1999 and went on to capture the BGC Silver Cup at Ascot as well as the Grade Two Tommy Whittle Chase. He moved to his present base at Jackdaws Castle in Gloucestershire, not far from Cheltenham, when the yard was bought by owner J P McManus in 2001. In 2010, he finally broke his Grand National duck when saddling Don’t Push It to victory for McManus, who had been trying to win the race since 1982. Don’t Push It came third last year and is now retired. A P (Tony) McCoy rode the gelding, gaining a first success at the 15th attempt. O’Neill’s other victories at the Aintree Festival as a trainer include Quazar in the John Smith’s Anniversary 4YO Novices’ Hurdle in 2002, Clan Royal in the 2003 John Smith’s Topham Chase, Iris’s Gift (2003) and Black Jack Ketchum (2006) in the Citroen C5 Sefton Novices’ Hurdle, Iris’s Gift in the 2004 John Smith’s Liverpool Long Distance Hurdle, Exotic Dancer (2007) in the Betfred Bowl and Albertas Run(2010) in the Melling Chase. His 18 Cheltenham Festival victories include five wins in the National Hunt Chase, the JCB Triumph Hurdle with Spectroscope, the 2004 Ladbrokes World Hurdle with Iris’s Gift and the three victories of Albertas Run in the RSA Chase (2007) and the Ryanair Chase (2010 & 2011). This season Synchronised, a Coral Welsh National winner, has improved further, capturing the Grade One Lexus Chase at Leopardstown over Christmas and the Betfred Cheltenham Gold Cup at The Festival. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2003 Carbury Cross (7th); 2004 Clan Royal (2nd), Joss Naylor (PU bef 19th); 2005 Simply Gifted (3rd), Shamawan (21st), Native Emperor (UR 9th), Clan Royal (CO bef 22nd); 2006 Clan Royal (3rd), Risk Accessor (5th); 2007 Clan Royal (11th); 2008 Bob Hall (PU bef 19th), Butler’s Cabin (Fell 22nd); 2009 Butler’s Cabin (7th), Reveillez (BD 3rd), Can’t Buy Time (Fell 18th); 2010 DON’T PUSH IT (WON), Can’t Buy Time (Fell 8t h); 2011 Don’t Push It (3rd), Quolibet (UR 11th), Can’t Buy Time (Fell 18th)
I'm not sure what this means. But if the e-mail address AT&T advertises for reporting security issues doesn't work, that seems to say AT&T doesn't really want to know about them.
The Bible is for the world but how many understand it? Only the initiated can understand it. In 1 Corinthians 2:14 we read,
Have a great night and weekend. Cross your fingers that I can walk tomorrow! Cheers.
Entri then returned as Director once more on 10.10.2008 (why the come back?) and then resigned again on 15.07.2010. Our research notes that all the public projects were secured when Entri was a director (before 12.10.2005 and after his “come back” in 10.10.2008 and until 15.07.2010), except for the last one which was secured on 04.01.2012 by which time he was the Deputy Minister in the Public Works Dept, which granted the contract!
The reason for holy groanings, the cause of blessed tears, is very different. Religious grief mourns sin either that of others’ or one’s own.
Whitt's mandolin lay quiet in her arms like a baby held lovingly against it's mother's breast, tired and fast asleep. Warm and happy from the love passed from mother to daughter and around them, the world healed.
If you like softly aching acoustic live music and a vintage-y feel to your videos, then I implore you to check out this project. There were so many stunning songs and artists I've discovered in the process, that my hope is that you will discover that sometimes just because an artist is still relatively unknown, doesn't mean they aren't GOOD. Getting away from that artificial packaging that the music industry likes to throw around and getting back to actual raw talent is what is so special about Watch Listen Tell.
2. Put two words together (combinations of short words often work well).
(This is my mother-in-law's recipe, with a few changes of my own. Super yummy and great as leftovers!)
Overall, it’s not a matter of a lack of information that ‘breeds confusion and fear’ in this situation. It’s his leadership and game plan itself that has turned people off. What these media hacks don’t want to admit is that misinformation, improper communication, and the resulting confusion is not by accident, it’s on purpose. If people don’t know or are confused as to the facts, it’s easier to mislead them and knock their efforts to organize against you when you’ve got power.
What Craft Lout means to me. In any given product or commodity a degree of craftsmanship exists. During the industrial revolution and the adoption of factory systems to produce goods many thought the days of the artisan craftsman were numbered, but nothing could be further from the truth. The craftsman has adapted and prospered both within the processes of industrial production and beyond it by maintaining niche industry.
and merrymerry
My red peony bushes are now taking their turn to be in bloom. I have them planted in three different locations but one of them is being crowded out by an old fashion rose. It has only a couple of buds on it this year so I will move it after it blooms.
“If you concede a goal from a set-piece at this level of football you’ve only got yourself to blame,” he said. “Nothing was happening in the first half really. We started well; for 10 or 15 minutes we looked like we were on top. As the game wore on they had lots of possession outside the box without really doing anything. Then they get a corner kick and score so that was a really bad time to concede just before half-time.”
Honestly, I was dealing with some pride issues but never mentioned that and said it was just because of the baby and the stress.
Enrico Pieranunzi replace F. D'Andrea on track B4
Best Zombie Names
David LaChapelle (a photographer)
~Mignon McLaughlin
Last month I was asked to photograph the grand opening of the Japanese-American Museum of San Jose. As part of the opening, the museum featured an exhibition of Chiz Sugita's watercolor paintings of her memories of growing up in the Poston War Relocation Camp (Poston, AZ). Six months earlier I read the book that accompanied her watercolor paintings, so I contacted Chiz and asked if I could meet her prior to the grand opening ceremonies to photograph her portrait. She graciously agreed.
Necklaces - Witchery
It's as if we (Afrikaners) are living on a different planet: one in which new laws rule: the law of the jungle and that one cannot influence this. Her fatalism was shocking and fascinating to me at the same time.
Stuff that uses our public schools and our great military as places to conduct social experiments that are detrimental to the mission of each.
I had always assumed that only the most bland of conforming acts would make it so far on a casting show like America's Got Talent - but, there was Prince Poppycock all over the screen owning himself, fireworks and dancers galore. In one performance he even gives tribute to fo' real real patriotism with images of Harvey Milk and Rosa Parks.
for the attainment of the 4 puruSArthAs : dharma, artha, kAma, mOksha,
Down the street, we saw a Toys R Us, so we thought we'd kill a little time browsing around. The next game we wanted to see wasn't until 6:00 that night, so while we were at Toys R Us, we thought it best to entertain the kids with some small new toys. At $7 a piece, it was the best investment of $21 we could have made that day! The kids played and played with their new toys while Dennis and I took turns shopping at the mall. We also went to see The Lorax in the mall's theater (which provided a wonderful nap for Andrew and myself).
That doesn't mean she'll never hear any of it, or find a way to listen to it, or end up downloading it herself at some point, unless you lock her in the basement where there's no internet reception.
"Pleasure is always at someone else's expense."
There are tons of way to change up this dish. You can work with the ratio of ingredients until you get it just right, or try adding different things, like cucumber or apple cider vinegar. In the end, you know it’s going to be delicious.
***I will be back tomorrow joining along with the Flourishes April Sneak Peeks ~ hope to see you then!
Holding on to Jesus in all things!
But I'm told that there is a calculated result and it's nowhere near what I'd have guessed.
The department has 264 845 firearms.
I recently acquired some really good quality 300gsm cardstock, and it's been fun playing around colouring and stamping straight onto the card. The background here was coloured with distress inks and dried before stamping in Brushed Corduroy and decorating with gold Perfect Pearls (I can't get enough of these at the moment!). The main image was stamped in brushed corduroy. Masking techniques were used to block areas for distress colouring, then the individual stamps were gently coloured using a watercolour brush dipped in water & a little of each distress ink colour. Keeping to a muted & limited colour palette helps tie all the elements together.
I feel like this week is going by both quickly and slowly. As in, I keep asking myself "Is it only Thursday?" and "It's Thursday already??"
I could fall in love with the man who feels at this depth because when I love, it's like that too -- so completely. "So much you have given love that I would give you back again and again...."
1-3 And Elisha the prophet called one of the children of the prophets, and said unto him, Gird up thy loins, and take this box of oil in thine hand, and go to Ramoth–gilead: And when thou comest thither, look out there Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi, and go in, and make him arise up from among his brethren, and carry him to an inner chamber; Then take the box of oil, and pour it on his head, and say, Thus saith the LORD, I have anointed thee king over Israel. Then open the door, and flee, and tarry not.
It took me a few more decades to get it – but those kids actually had the right idea. So many times in life when we fall down on our race to the finish, we stumble up and stagger along, dragging our now fallen veneer – our potato sack – along with us. We get bumps, scratches and bruises – sometimes we even trip others up along the way. Our failure to fully recover from our falls often causes us to ultimately lose the race. If only we could be more like those kids. They fall, and in that process they recognize what made them fall and learn from it. They shed the potato sack, go back and start again with a fresh outlook and from a new position. They still have the finish line in sight, but they know they don’t need to be the first to get there. They will get there in time, once they get it right.
I would like to extend my sincere apologies for not viewing your extremely close, overly large face last night. I fully intended to. I know that you will not be so near and so apparently enormous to me at any other time this year.
it was only a few seconds after he left the room that i heard the THUD! that was immediately followed by a quick series of loud THUDS! and then there were no more THUDS! just a low groan and a silence.
I stopped wanting to be a missionary like 6 months after becoming one. In complete culture shock, having been lied to by one too many people, struggling to find my way in the confusing unnamed streets of Tegucigalpa, lonely, with still an inept sense of the language, being whistled at by beady-eyed men on the streets, feeling like I was getting nothing done as I stood in yet another line, trying to begin a ministry that looked oh-so-different then it had in the States, and feeling like I was failing in every single aspect of it.
weren’t even invited to a debate with
A friend of mine recently came back from taking his family overseas on vacation. They went somewhere in Europe. He told me that the only place his kids wanted to eat was McDonalds.
Just want to remind you all of the Candlelight Vigil for Dave The Raw Food Trucker tonight at dusk. (All of my Kiwi and Aussie friends who already lit their candles and sent their prayers and energy, I thank you my dear ones!) For anyone who is reading this on Sunday, tonight when it gets dark, please light a candle and send prayers, energy, love, whatever your spiritual practice, to Dave with these three intentions: that the Master's perfect will be manifest in Dave's life; that he be restored to perfect health and wholeness, and that his financial needs would be covered, and he would be blessed with outrageous abundance and prosperity.
it shook and shook...
“Car, now!” the man behind her said. He was right. She had to get away from the man who had cut her but she couldn’t move.
09-23 Pensacola, FL – DeLuna Fest
This bill, known as SOPA for short in the U.S., is rooted in the now 13 year-old battle being waged by the "content industry," Hollywood and the record labels in particular, to curb the infringement of copyright online. SOPA focuses on preventing U.S. citizens from accessing “foreign infringing sites” and downloading copyrighted content coming from overseas (There is also support from the pharmaceutical and medical industries, as the bill is also meant to curb the sale of counterfeit drugs from foreign countries to American patients). The bill was introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives late last year. (A similar bill is in the U.S. Senate known as the Protect Intellectual Property Act (PIPA) - we shall discuss it later as it moves more to the forefront).
I got up, leaving my bag, coat and hat with Linda and made my way down the corridor to the scanner. Half an hour later I had been scanned, measured and tattooed. Returning to the waiting room, I noticed Linda was all alone.
Not everyone eats squirrel with their neighbors.
I enjoyed the essays and reading how Tressel felt each scripture tied into the concept of success. However, given the fact that Tressel was forced to step down as coach just months after this book was published somewhat tarnished my ability to feel truly inspired or get any kind of spiritual message from the essays. Kind of like reading a book about how to have a successful marriage by Newt Gingrich.
If you'd like photos of books, or to ask if you can pay directly through paypal, drop me an email at yarns@rippingyarns.co.uk. If you pay direct, then we can do postage at cost.
Samhain, Hallowe'en--whatever you call it, it is a signal that winter is upon us, and that darkness is rising towards its December peak. Today is All Souls--and also the start of NaNoWriMo. Now I've never done NaNoWriMo, but I did consider it this year, having a novel to write myself. But I just can't bring myself to do it. The days of winter, for me, are a time of going inward, a time of hibernation in which to do my creative dreaming. So in keeping with the season in which I become the writer-bear, I give you a poem to celebrate those of us who prefer to take things a little more slowly.
5 cups crispy rice cereal
Guard members previously hunted insurgents in Iraq
Guthrie: you literally can’t win the nomination
I choose a gorgeous floor length black lace maxi style dress with front and back v-neck and tank sleeves. It was perfect for my husbands work party and my pregnant belly. I chose the custom sizing option so I could make sure it fit my body including extra tummy space and had more modest sleeves. They also had a comment box that I used to ask if they could change the back v neckline into a regular rounded neckline (an option not normally shown). This is what I ended up with:
8) “Maybe. But I’d imagine that you are too and you seem happy.”
If I go, what do I hold?
This is the occasional shopping week here in Buffalo/Info below:
I think this may be related to my inability to understand poetry, if I’m honest.
Denzel Washington gives us an interesting character, as ruthless as he'll ever need to be. We see that before he makes it on his own, he's perfectly content with lighting a man on fire, and shooting him to put him out of his misery. We see that the mentorship of Bumpy Johnson has a profound effect on him. As he tells his wife, Bumpy was as important a figure to him as Martin Luther King Jr., and was most certainly a strong father figure. We get a sense of real affection and loyalty between the two men. At Bumpy's funeral, he tells Charlie he plans to collect all the money Bumpy was owed. THis comes across as a matter of principle, Frank can't tolerate the disrespect he perceives from outstanding debts. The funeral is also where we first see that Frank is aware of everything around him. He sees Tango and Nikki Barnes treating the funeral like a social event. Tango attempting to talk to Frank like a servant is certainly not missed, but Frank is not a hothead, he is willing to wait until the proper time to settle these matters. He has learned some things from Bumpy very well, like take care of Harlem and it will take care of you. He also learns to surround himself by those he trusts, in this case, bringing his entire family up from North Carolina. As he tells his brothers, "The most important thing in business is honesty, integrity, hard work, family, never forgetting where we came from. See, you are what you are in this world, that’s either one of two things: Either you're somebody ... or you’re nobody." As if to illustrate his point, he shoots Tango in the head in broad daylight in full view of his brothers. We sense that they get the point.
10 Day Book Club is a virtual tool, which prepares manuscripts for publishing. The one-of-a-kind venue is simple for writers to use. Learn more at http://10daybookclub.com
Why will no one answer her questions?
Having said all this, though, I have to repeat again that language is not everything. Race is everything! However, I would never be entirely trusting of the so-called "Afrikaanse". They are too easily swayed, and the little history they do have speaks to me more of deceitfulness than pride and honour and dependence.
- Making my bedside table look all pretty ...
TommyKnocker Cocoa Porter*
15 Life In Tokyo
A little ideological agnosticism and a bit more pragmatism might do a large part of the country a great deal of good.
undervalue
We've had a long night here. Pretty ready for the Daddy to come home on Thursday. I never would have survived the deployment with a baby... You mamas who do are way tough, tougher than me... And don't ever let 'em tell ya different!
There are two must haves: A cup of coffee and Hector, my iron crow. He's a very good listener. Not so good at giving feedback.
During Bersih 2.0 last year, he was accused by a prominent blogger of inciting the crowd to charge at the police. There was a video showing the MP in that mode but he denied that he was working up the crowd.
I don't even remember how I stumbled upon these smothered pork chops, but the recipe had rave reviews and the buttermilk gravy sounded fantastic, so I figured why not give it a shot. It's a perfect meal for any weeknight, ready in only about 30 minutes so that's a bonus too. Not a bonus? Dropping the pork chops in the pan in a careless, distracted manner. Hot oil meets forearm resulting in a lovely 2-inch burn I'm still nursing nearly 2 weeks later. I'm pretty sure the scar will help me to always remember this recipe :) That hiccup aside, these smothered pork chops were a huge success. I expected Shane would love them, and I'd tolerate them, but I was happy to clean my plate that night. The pork stayed juicy and tender, and the buttermilk gravy added the flavor I'm usually missing when it comes to pork chops. Dare I say, these might even be a repeat here? That's big, really big.
Don’t specify
* Recipes submitted to other events are also permitted.
yes please what's your favorite way to have it prepared?
Georgia's Always on My Mind - Evans
I then got my scope set up and we found the critters on mine. My problem had been I was using the highest mag and I should have used the lowest. At least I know now.
i really hope you had an amazing weekend! mine was beautifully relaxing… we’ve had incredible weather over the last week, and the weekend just topped it all off with temperatures up to 30°C!
1. What movie, book, experience, etc., turned you into a vampire fan?
Sula's Paint & Peel polishes are popular because they're water based and peel off; no need for polish remover! I'm not a huge fan of the fact they peel off, but I would use polish remover anyway. Some people love to peel off their polish, so this is a great option for them specifically.
And I agree. I want a life. I spent a glorious mother/daughter bonding road trip with my daughter recently, and we sang along to every song on her playlist until my throat hurt on the way home. I want to learn to play an instrument. I want to learn how to ride a motorcycle. I want to fix up the house for the kids, and have campfires outside. I want to laugh, and dance, and let my hair down. I want to wake up just dying to start the day. I want to heal for my kids, and for myself. I want to love myself again.
“Shortly after that, the neurologist told me that he thought that Emma had a disease, but he had no proof for the diagnosis, so nothing further was done. I was devastated, fearing that my baby was going to die. I fell into the darkness of hopelessness and sorrow, so that I spent weeks as if in a daze. I don’t know what happened, but after two months something in my heart told me that Emma was not to die, not like this and not without knowing what was making her so sick. I felt I must carry on and that I was to get a second opinion. We took her to the best specialists in the UK. They did many tests, but still no answers!!”
Please. Stop pushing. No shoving others aside! No! No! No! ( Amy W. where are you when I need you? A song to soothe?)
I've been in kind of a blogging rut lately. I have a lot of ideas, but none that I can make work at this moment. My motivation has gone out the window, and there are so many other things to do that I just haven't been able to sit down and put any effort into blogging.
Sunday, 4/29: 0 hours (Cringe)
And I've got sheer optimism splashing from my breakfast bowl.
“So suddenly you’re a tat artist now?” I riposted dully.
Ok, I know that it's a bit of a trend to hate this or that about oneself - especially as a woman - but I don't hate a part of myself nor do I hate the sum of the collective parts (ok, fine, I just wanted to say "sum of the collected parts" - I'm cool like that!)I think that what immediately comes to mind under such a title is physical attributes. Am I supposed to list all my physical flaws here? Or does it refer to something deeper - lifelong regrets, personality uglies.
Heat 1 Tbs olive oil in a large dutch oven over medium high heat. Sear each side of the roast until nicely browned; about 5 minutes per side. Remove to a plate or platter and set aside.
Why, oh why, do we always have to put such a negative spin on anything that does not conform? Do we really consider our deen to be such bitter medicine that we immediately brand anything that might be -ooooh, that terrifying F word - FUN as fitnah.
3) He ‘tolerated’ the first change – if by ‘tolerated’ he means ‘failed to notice’. There is more than a fair chance that he drank twelve slabs of the new stuff before CUB publicised the ABV change the first time around. Double Dickhead.
I’m not really big into casseroles and stuff like that. Perhaps it’s because my mother never really made them when we were growing up, so I’m more accustomed to real food… However, I always liked the idea of tater tot casserole. My only problem with the concept, though, is that it always seemed like a glorified Thanksgiving dinner side. Don’t get me wrong, I love green bean casserole! But, I wouldn’t want to make an entire meal of it… I don’t think.
And yeah had no white wine too so that got subbed for some red wine and i was along the way....
C. Chance to win a prize by commenting on the fb page
Ah yes Rhyl: that wonderful English town without any vowels in it.
Today I am saying sorry to me, because nobody else’s apologies will matter.
So, lets get on with the fun stuff right away shall we? pinky promise i will not babble on and on today.
Do not touch and pick at your pimples, nor at acne scars. This will only lead to skin irritation, redness, extra scarring and possibly even infection. If you are having problems with acne, it is best to speak to a professional who will be able to guide you towards the best method for your skin.
The company had previously lauded the bill as an important “first step towards addressing significant problems in cyber security” when it was first proposed last November.
More problems for Joan and Frank D'Amico, Jr., and their wonderful old-fashioned Carroll Gardens coffee and specialty food store at 309 Court Street. You may remember that in early February, Joan taped a note on the store's window addressing the person(s) who made an anonymous complaint to 311 about the smell of roasting coffee, which wafts from the store when the coffee roaster is in use.
The story line reveals that Mohannad had sexual relations with another woman and sired a child before his arranged marriage to Noor. Kissing, abortion, kidnapping, comas, and marriage as an equal partnership are also sub-plot threads weaving through the fictional tale. Alcohol, which is strictly forbidden in Saudi Arabia, flows freely at the dinner table in the show. The women characters, who are all supposedly Muslim, do not cover their hair and many of them bare their arms too. This is not at all typical of Muslim women in Turkey, or anywhere, for that matter. However, the cast of characters do fast during the month of Ramadan, but are never shown participating in any of the five times daily prayers.
-‘Besides you don’t have to be a doctor or an engineer ,darling, or to be an astounding woman. A housewife is important as well.” Kamilia added with a smile on her face.
Current Winery: Corvalle
1 can black beans
Naomi Allen, her arms and legs strung out to her sides, strapped down to stubby poles she could not see, lay shuddering. The only light - a breath of radiance shooting through a distant keyhole - spangled across the thousand pin heads that pierced her trembling flesh. A bed of nails, she was. Only more so.
I play bass, all manner of keyboards, and guitar fairly crudely. I started learning at around 10 or 11 years old with piano and classical guitar lessons at school. And from classical guitar I ended up playing bass, it was a direct link. I think it was piano first, that’s what I really wanted to play, but it needed to be taught differently. In those days they didn't use the Suzuki method, you didn’t learn how to play a tune, and it was very frustrating, so I moved on to classical guitar, something I could directly play.
Statements by men like Disraeli, Wilson, Churchill, JFK and others should not leave any doubt in the mind of the reader about who controls the world. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt wrote in November 1933 to Col. Edward House: “The real truth of the matter is, as you and I know, that a financial element in the larger centres has owned the government since the days of Andrew Jackson.” It may be recalled that Andrew Jackson, US President from 1829-1837, was so enraged by the tactics of bankers (Rothschilds) that he said: “You are a den of vipers. I intend to rout you out and by the Eternal God I will rout you out. If the people only understood the rank injustice of our money and banking system, there would be a revolution before morning.”
In any case, as we are well aware, SOPA has been effectively shelved. Such is the legacy of politics; when a strong enough force has gathered (be it money from supportive donors, or a collective response of pissed off internet users), it has the ability to strong-arm legislators into their guiding (after all, isn't that the PURPOSE of a representative and congressman? To, you know, stand by the interests of the PEOPLE?). Those expensive lobbyists for the RIAA and MPAA must be fuming, and that they are brings me happiness. But again, that such legislation was even under consideration and, at one point, held a majority support, means that this is only the beginning. No doubt revisions will be made supposedly "amending the language and/or provisions", a useless throwaway term meant to ease opposition but will in the end be no less damaging to our online freedom. A great victory for civil liberties that will make the supporters of SOPA rethink their strategies.
Weight: Approximately 6 lbs
a want of adaptation between him and it, recalling some mechanics in
Wynkoop Brewing Company St. Charles Extra Special Bitter
Looking through these pages e.g. page 2, Omigbodun uses Teacher to discuss about a student (Chineye) whose parental neglect caused her dormancy in the classroom. Omigbodun critically shows these pains and problems that keep battling with us in the so-called nation. Another example is that of Mrs. Feyisara’s attempt to move away from attending three vigils at church in order to face her children squarely especially Feyi. At the end, Feyi attempts to “belong” which shows the “change” in class of females to join “Big girls” at school but during this time, she had an accident that nearly claimed her life (Pg 26-28)
CFR Director Fareed Zakaria is an editor of Newsweek, which is owned
12-Waiting in the wings
Sharpies, Flair Pens and Chart Markers - Makes making charts and materials fun and cute!
In this corner, we have our first contender: a bearded, weight-lifting, treadmill-running, health-food-consuming born and raised in Michigan, racing treacherous winters and scorching summers...Ryan Bruner!
It is always tragedies like these that bring the police family together, I wish it was weddings, and graduations that would do it, but it is at times like this that we draw strenghth from each other, and we show the world that yes, we are a family, and when an Officer is lost we all grieve, we cry, and yes we find comfort in each and every fellow LEO in attendence. The two saddest and disturbing things that a police officer can ever hear in his or her career are:
These words turned out to be profetic as the men turned off Hans Strydom drive into Pierre van Ryneveld and then took the corner into Melville street at high speed.
"When we met with you, he was scheduled for all honors classes. Why was he switched?"
– took a nice long motorcycle ride. Initially it was a toss-up for going to the coast or heading to Yosemite (frankly my favorite journey by far although I don’t do it often), but as I hit the metaphorical snooze button too many times and woke up late I just did a few twisties and mountain roads before coming home.
you should be catching criminals
Christopher Harbster (quit before the National Poetry Slam)
Reduce paper use!
monthly to the UN.
I’m reminded to reconnect to the people who love me so they can recharge me and I need to gather up my confidence again to do something– anything bigger than what I’m doing at the moment. Happy holidays, yall!
Wanting nothing
Through bloody flood or field to dash,
"Even in trivial cases where you might be giving just a caution officers could be off the street for five or six hours – which is a massive expense."
One of the first books I put on my wish list was "Michelle Obama - A Life", and one of my friends was so kind and gave this to me as part of his birthday present.
My children got very excited when And Rocky Too dropped through the letterbox. Like me, they’d loved The Stephensons’ Rocket, Jayne Woodhouse’s first story about injured greyhound Rocky and the troubled family who, in taking him in, find themselves drawn back together.
Soon after, I sat on the couch, sipping the magical masterpiece with my roommate while discussing possible names for my most fantastic creation. His favorite part was the sweetness provided by the corn, whereas I thoroughly enjoyed the colourful combination.
Think fire, acid, ouch.
Quite naturally, Jo Ann would be missing him. She’d be concerned for his well-being. She’d even be second-guessing her decision to ship him off to the other side of the world, and leave him in the care of strangers.
Later that day, my 12 year old son asked,
Christianity Today! in 1990 devoted twelve full pages to the subject of The Remaking of English Evangelicalism but only four sentences to what it calls the “major public showdown” in 1966 when, after Lloyd-Jones’s address, a “surprised” John Stott “rose and rebuked Lloyd-Jones and rallied Anglican Evangelicals to their churchly duty’? Once again, the authors misunderstood the message ofLloyd-Jones by claiming that instead of addressing the subject of unity he “called instead for Evangelicals to leave the historic churches”. This is grossly misleading and inaccurate.
- Curtains
"Utilising effects of sensory deprivation and methods used by the military to break someone down," the artists explain, "the room enables subjects to adjust their thinking and beliefs." It is a sensory-deprivation chamber by another name, in other words, a "reversed disciplinary architecture" in which you can lose yourself in the facets of a silent, white geometry and temporarily go a bit nuts. Think of it as a room for Socratic self-interrogation in an era of waterboarding and Guantanamo Bay.
'WTF is going on' said chef...Begrudgingly he cut the single rib from the joint and sent it out into the dining room on a silver platter for the diners to inspect.
For those of you who don't "do awards", consider my link a sign of how much I enjoy reading you!
Even so, if they want me back, I’ll keep coming back & bringing in more. I don’t have much time to be a volunteer worker unfortunately, I’m not a rich person (not money wise anyway), but what I CAN do … is use my novel and my published author status to raise awareness and raise some extra money.
If a 15 year loan is originally financed, the interest savings is $111770 but the monthly payment increases to $1912.48
That mentioned, I wanted to ask an interpretive question. Is there any difference between the politicians violating their own laws and the citizen violating the laws?
Even though we all want to forget about all the mistakes we’ve made, it’s not realistic about how you should handle such a situation. We must embrace all the consequences, as hard as it may be. Whether or not we know it, the distance we put between the incident or the people associated, the more we’re hurting ourselves and also the people involved. But what’s there to worry about? Are you afraid of embarrassment, disappointment, deceit, lying, etc?
Kit Carson Park, Escondido
Competition can provide outstanding motivation. I learned this yesterday, when I saw something that immediately brought out the competition in me. A person from my past, who publicly announced that he would someday be a world-famous, published author. I saw it and immediately sat up a little straighter. “No way, sucker. That’s my dream, and hell will freeze over if I let you take it from me or get there first.” It’s silly, the way the human mind works sometimes. I don’t usually think of myself as a competitive person, but it appeared forcefully, without a moment’s hesitation.
The stuff I try to keep to myself, and keep OFF the blog.......
2 T. mayonnaise
My Score: 8.2
sir
Hi lovelies! Today, I have Heather Hildenbrand, author of Dirty Blood series, here on the blog! She's an absolute sweetheart, and I was so happy she agreed to be a part of my blogoversary! She is even donating an e-copy of the first book in her series: Dirty Blood! Be sure to sign up below! :)
- feedback to students: on progress, non-threatening
Fairy Tales and Movies always have The End at their endings. We stop at the good part; the happy ending. What about the times Cinderella has a cold; her eyes red and weeping and she has a drippy nose? What about the times when Sleeping Beauty is suffering from post-departum depression? What about when Arial becomes Queen and she hates the job? Or the Princess kissed the frog and she got warts?
3) EVERYONE is now connected. Remote communities are also online.
Oh, fly me. Untie me.
Excuse me, I'd better go do the dishes in my sink before any of you come over to check if THAT PART was really me.
The short story I read was The Machine Stops by E.M. Forster (which I believe is available for free online and in e-book format). I read it as part of my ongoing interest in dystopian and apocalyptic literature, and while Forster has some disturbing insights into future life that could easily be applied in today’s world, the story doesn’t have much in the way of plot or characters; it’s more of a platform for Forster to get across some of his ideas. It’s still worth reading, though, if you are interested in how authors envision the future.
“But, you went to Steven’s party with her after you took me home?” I struggled to understand his explanation.
MoonBeams…solar-powered hybrid nightlights for children
I think we have Ani DiFranco to thank for this. I love Ani, but she has fecked up the collective psychology of lesbians by creating an album called something like, “Rude Dyke” and then marrying two DUDES. Okay, maybe that wasn’t the name of the album, but the vibe was like that – in a good way – early on in her career it was dyke, dyke, dyke, and then she married two dudes! (Not at once, but still.) Some of us can handle that (I pretty much can), some of us can not (it annoys the hell out of Wifesy).
But the most special had to be that they told me they loved me and gave me lots of hugs.
Not to say the movie was bad, but it just didn’t do a good job at all of following the book. The book was great; and the movie ALONE was good. However, comparing the two may not be the best idea. Rotten Tomatoes rated it at 27% out of 100% if that tells you anything!
Standing at the platform of the RER I wondered how late and/or early the train would be. It was a typical night, I had worked a twelve-hour day and my brains had turned into soup. There were a few scattered women flipping mags or typing on phones. None of us much concerned with our surroundings.
SLOWLY add in butter ( I broke the sticks apart into approx. 1 tablespoon sized bits when adding to dry ingredients)
The header may or may not be finished ...
“But then you can make my arm good again, like you did for Ibis,” said Bantum.
D&C Where Washington is
The words they say every day at the altar, "This is my Body, this is my Blood," grant them to apply to themselves: "I am no longer myself, I am Jesus, Jesus crucified. I am, like the bread and wine, a substance no longer itself, but by consecration another."
“Well,” she continued, “I don’t believe that anyone that is successful is really ethical. I don’t think you can be successful and ethical at the same time.”
Philippians 4:6-7
Band On The Run - Foo Fighters (Wings)
Then Facebook.
In jails where you belong or keep you penned
I'm not quite sure how my 12 month old is functioning, I feel like a garbage compacter that mated with a tornado - devastated and not to good looking or smelling. (How do you shower when your now mobile infant never hits the pause button?) I have become obsessed with snatching a few moments of sleep whenever and wherever I can. Did you know a microwave situated above your stove doubles as a vertical pillow?
The second video is of a child who was impaled. They had a Libyan Flag flying at their home and were targeted as Kaddafi supporters. It speaks for itself.
Where: Many different pubs
AN EYE INFECTION?!!!
But despite his anti-Royal views . . . because the Queen was ‘a nice lady’. . . . (this is a ‘u-turn’ type of article, draw’em in, key’em up then make a sudden u-turn – right at the end in this case. Wow DM how pro-Tory though semi subtle can DM get? The sod just expressed support of the Queen DM, though the title condemns on their behalf. Please report honestly instead of being manipulative, or DM will be insulting the intelligence with all this pro-royal propaganda! NLP closing statement alert!
Not sure
Do you even need a formal grammar program?
Be sure to check out the whole series, and let Jay and the gang know what you think of their hard work.
It's nice to enjoy the simple pleasures. I especially look forward to quiet time on Sunday mornings doing the crossword puzzle with my husband. The kids are away for two hours at Sunday school, and we can relax and pass the newspaper back and forth.
We made it back to the room in time but this poor kid was “unwell” for the rest of the night and spent the next day in bed. I called the restaurant the next day because in the state we live in, that’s what you do and then you get a call from the Health Department and they pepper you with inane questions like, “Are you sure this was something you ate in a restaurant and didn’t prepare yourself ma’am?” Or my favorite, “Did you see anything in your food as you were eating it?”. ????
Harry Potter
What healing have we
The “Noise Blackout” feature on the Jabra BT530 is a bit of an overstatement, you can still hear the noise in the background but your voice will cut over it fairly well. It is effected by wind noise but this is also true of other sets I have tried like the BlueAnt V1, they all seem to get choppy to some extent.
It cracks me up fresh each time. Hubbs and I say it whenever we see friends off, and then we giggle again.
I was told that no one was coming to save me
Mickey Rooney, and Little Nellie Kelly with Judy Garland. Plus, remember,
Leviathan by Scott Westerfeld. It’s really good.
-i have 17 new messages on my house phone. it scares me so much that i keep putting off listening to them.
then your pre- PAR-TAY! will be taking place on March 22nd.
I love all things Internet, so for me to brave it up and go be in a room with other human beings is HUGE. I brought my friend Sara who is a yoga instructor & wellness guru, plus bonified lady business owner hailing from Sunnyside/Woodside. She’s amazing and go check out her services if you’re ready to feel the best you’ve ever felt in your whole life. Personally, I’m in the middle of starting a lady business of my own, MakeYourMediaSocial, which offers social media consolation and training for small businesses and entrepreneurs looking to expand their web presence. Sitting in a room full of strong independent ladies and witnessing others’ successes and passion gave me an unusual amount of hope in a rather bleak streak of my life.
They could be murdered, raped, tortured, even dismembered alive, but, no matter how much actual hate was involved in their dispatch from this earth, it would still not count as a hate crime.
When I was a kid, I already loved beards. That may be because my father had one more often than not, or may be because of my Sikh uncles with their full beards and beautiful turbans, or maybe more because I already had a little tuft of hair under my neck by the end of third grade, and decided that if I was going to be hairy, I might as well enjoy it.
I know the voices dying with a dying fall
2) List 7 things about yourself
My posts here are usually about the books I read related to agriculture, food, nature. (Send me recommendations!) Lately my main sources of inspiration and information for food and environmental matters are Wendell Berry and Civil Eats.
Day 84:
Place 18-20 whole cloves and 4 cinnamon sticks in a cheesecloth. (On occasions that I haven't had a cheesecloth, I have just placed the cloves and cinnamon sticks in the cider without putting them in the cheesecloth. When it is time to take them out of the liquid, I use a slotted spoon. It is a bit more trouble, but it works when I am in a pinch).
When I look at my life, I can see waste in every area I’ve mentioned. But as I think about the twelve baskets of leftovers and how Jesus made sure they were picked up, I’m starting to have trouble with waste. I want God to show me creative ways of using my time, treasure and touch, and maybe some day He’ll choose me to bring a basket full of abundance to a family that needs it most.
As Lovers Go by Dashboard Confessional
After the stuffing of the envelopes, I grabbed the posters and headed to the first stop of the day, Ye Olde Craft Ale House. It was there where I met my co pilot for the day, no not God, just my friend Dunny. We refrained from beer just this one time as we had some type of schedule to keep. Next stop was Capone's in East Norrition where we ran into several troublemakers from Victory, TNSC members and future baby daddy. One quick Blind Pig, which by the way really didn't taste all that piggly and we were on the road to Tj's. Jeff wasn't there because he was out with his high priced other girl, but the lovely T was there to help us out. We snuck in a couple of beers and a bite to eat and then hit the road to Union Jacks. One beer inside with some fine folks I haven't seen in awhile from the old Northside days. And one beer at outside bar to wake up from all the AC and lack of sleep I had from the night before. It was then back to the CAH for one last beer and a small bite before I drove my sorry tired ass home to relax and watch the the movie The Town and the Phillie's whoop on the Pirates.
D = Jacob Zuma -- leader of the ANC, and earmarked as the next SA President.
and being a threat to the security and independence of the state.
Mothers are the difference in a world of Love. Happy Mother's Day!
Charlottesville is a beautiful city, even though it is home to one of the most obnoxious schools in Virginia...but I digress. The scenery truly was breath-taking from the rolling hills to the horse farms and the historic buildings of the downtown area. When I got back close to the finish line, I felt my legs locking up and it got harder to move them. I need to do some serious yoga to be able to get back to walking normally -- I have a nice pimp walk right now. Swag? haha :0)
(Lev. 19:32, Hebr/Eng Bible, JPS 1917)
We are aware of each others needs
Babybird You’re gorgeous UK
In Flanders fields.
What you might not be able to see from the picture above is that the tree was stamped, colored with Copics and carefully trimmed. It's popped up on dimensionals.
Overall Credibility: 9 (I would have given it a 10, but it is just a bit less realistic than the original. We can question how Jason has been able to survive for so long if he is mentally disabled, but otherwise it is all possible, plausible and credible...well until the final stinger ending)
They don't just review movies or video games though; the focus is on the future of the respective industries, what current laws will do to change the situation, how certain actors are influencing the market, evolution of Hadopi, etc. In a recent video podcast the invited guest was a specialist on Anonymous, and the latest podcast had Philippe Aigrain, a founding member of the Quadrature du Net, to talk about his book on file sharing (Sharing, free to download). They also do a short segment on a random game available online and an "Internet bullshit", such as Carla Bruni who said "À mon sens, Internet ou les jeux vidéo sont bien plus diaboliques que la télé"
Alders are often referred to or described as “weed trees”. Although FCRW and over 2,200 volunteers spent over half the year pulling weeds in 2011, we never weeded any alders. In fact, at many of our restoration sites, we were planting them! What makes these trees so valuable and fascinating?
Nothing is the best answer. Expect nothing and you will be pleasantly surprised. Every experience is different. My friend Jon lives 80 miles away. Our lives could not be more different. His house has no floor save for the mud it was built on. He is lucky to have power one day out of the week. My sitemate Dave lives 200 meters from my house and our experiences are entirely different.
Think to yourself or google regarding changes to the coot post 9/11. There's an entirely new canyon of towers on sixth av just between 23rd and 31st. Williamsburg has towers, downtown Brooklyn has towers Trump builds a mega hotel at Soho's edge. An 80 story tower blocks from the Brooklyn Bridge. I see it as all resulting from that September morning.
What funny synonyms or near-synonyms do you have for “barking at the ants”.
Simply make your card, following the sketch and including stamping, and
Today's project uses the Beautiful Bordering on Romance stamp set from the new Summer Mini Catalogue from Stampin' Up! I love the fact that this stamp set co-ordinates perfectly with the Adorning Accents Edgelits dies and Embossing Folders. Here I have used one of the dies on the right to create the stylish edge shape and stamped with the matching dotted stamp.
That’s bad enough. Now, deigning to insult our intelligence after warping children’s souls, American bishops are couching their efforts to deny insurance coverage to their non-Catholic employees in terms of religious liberty — and likening their effortst to those of Martin Luther King Jr. in the Birmingham jail. Not only that, they also hold up as an example of religious liberty the Second Vatican Council — the same Second Vatican Council they’ve been working for almost half a century to undo. No, I am absolutely not making this up.
Then we accepted a position with Mennonite Central Committee (MCC) in Bolivia. We thought it was silly to put our stuff in storage for three years. So, we got rid of everything. This time we really did. We got rid of all our furniture, chairs, table, futon, beds, dressers…our car…everything. We still had some things stored at my mom’s but even that was picked over and cleaned out. We pared down our material possessions to an absolute minimum. It was a crazy, radical move that tested our faith and resolve to trust God and the Body of Christ.
little girl. The little girl died right away and the mother was left in a critical state. The family had to
THE ONCE AND FUTURE KING
Sunflowers have many lives. From summer buds, to sunny golden edged blooms, to dried seed heads... each stage has its own beauty, and it is the dried seed heads that intrigue me the most.
potential to lower the risk of heart diseases as well as aiding in
Acts 4:12
Stay tuned to see what else I've got up my sleeve. I'm ready for a nice, relaxing Master Bedroom instead of the hodge podge of a room we've got going on right now!
me: oh
Q: Can I bring cutlery into Australia ? ( UK )
Fangs Rule (a girls guide to being a vampire) is a funny, cynical and sarcastic look at the problems of life as a teenage vampire, if you think being a teenage human can be problematic you try being a teenage vampire with hormones that mean you may like boys but in a way you would like to know their blood group before you date.
FEB 22 — The older I get, the grumpier and more cynical I become; and as I grow more cynical by the day, nothing gets my goat more than having to watch and read about the developments in Malaysia where the lowest common denominator rules the day.
And visuals are useless if you don’t teach your child how to use them effectively and have them teach you back so that you know that they fully understand the purpose of them.
CARL BARATTA Hurt to Death and the other solo show also going on, which is a little confusing that there are two solo shows, but that’s the way it is, LAURA MACKIN April of ‘92 and Other Months
7A. Panel: McLuhan in the Digital Age – TEL 150
Essential Functions
poem about its silvery qualities that I remember so well from my childhood.
When I first removed the pillow from the box, I was instantly pleased with the fact that I had chosen the soft version (I tend to squish up my pillows at night). During my first “test run” using this pillow, I fluffed and squished this new pillow and it certainly didn’t disappoint. I felt like my head was being cradled. At the end of my long, extremely stressful day, I need a good night’s sleep. Lately, I haven’t been sleeping so well because my old pillow would mat down over time; thus, not provided support for my head. I would get up in the morning and my neck would hurt. I haven’t had this problem with my Synthetic Pillow from Maggies. The fibers inside haven’t clumped or matted down at all!
Luckily, I sometimes need to feed cake to manly men, W often included. Which helps keep my frilly excesses in check. I speak from experience; no manly man will be caught dead tucking into a pink-iced, frou-frou, over-the-top, Marie-Antoinette-meets-Mardi Gras confection. Unless he is doing so in the midst of a very private (read: party of one) midnight fridge raid. Which translates into a lot of forlorn cake lying about in the fridge.
Well you know this manuscript sat in a drawer for nearly 20 years. It was originally typed on a word processor. Publishers would tell me there was no market for the story. Agents would tell me the same thing, would advise me to read the best sellers list and write what others were writing. I never stopped believing that eventually this story would be told.
What would it change?
Published: April 24, 2012
Overall, the commission has done as much to distort as to disclose the truth.
Child Nutrition Services will measure the changes in eating habits and
Other nick names: “Park Micky” 박믹키, “Lovely Chyo”, 러블리쵸 “Ah Ryeon Chyo” 아련쵸 (“Ah Ryeon” actually means “Dim, Faint, Misty”, and the reason he got this adjective is b/c he gives a sense of faintness to Korean fans. It’s somewhat hard to explain the nuance behind it fully.), “Wu De Chyo” 우데쵸 (it stands for “Wuyooeh Dechin Chyo”, Meaning that his skin is soft and white as milk)
PLEASE ladies, if you have a blogger or google account, UPDATE your email info!
We continued to kiss and he slowly removed my clothes. We surpassed my usual tug of war that comes whenever the guy fiddles with the clasp on my bra. Usually I start pushing his hands away and tell him I’m not ready. This time was different. I was determined to just go all the way. As we got more into the pre-show, Peter stopped for a second and asked,
Transcript of Satsang with Sri Sri Ravi Shankar.
26. Bridge to Teribithia: Katherine Paterson
Our view was and is that does not matter the country , the language , the color , the religion of the people.
Demand took a sharp turn last fall, however, after Sotheby's got no bids for Bonnard's "Nude Profile," which was priced to sell for at least $1.25 million. On May 5, another Bonnard went unsold, this time a Parisian street scene from 1904, "The Boulevard Outside: The Corner of Clichy Boulevard and Douai Street." Christie's sold a Bonnard, "Deadlock or Lane (Le Cannet)," from the Brody collection for $842,500 on May 4.
Where did the inspiration for the book come from?
Monday 26th: Meeting near Newton Abbot.
I don’t want to get into politics right this instant, but let me say that I adore President Obama as a human being.
Then again, there’s that “love languages” concept, which I don’t find totally idiotic. There’s a kernel of sense in there. Interpreting another person’s style of expressing or feeling love can be a tricky business. Lots of aphorisms apply here; I like “assume positive intent.” That covers a multitude of sins. Or miscommunications. Sin is such a pejorative term.
After yesterdays "emissions" the good news is that I have recovered sufficiently to finish Janathon with a 2 mile run! Wierdly, while running I felt amazing and I could have easily done 5km despite the fact that I've probably eaten less calories than that over the last 2 days. But Mrs Badger was adamant that I shouldn't do more than 20 minutes. Also satisfying was that after a 5 minute warm down, my heart rate was 103 - a month ago it would have been 130. Awesome!
Starting with books that a parent can share with pre-schoolers, reading to them, or for early readers, there’s a new addition to the popular “Chester Raccoon” series. A Color Game for Chester Raccoon by Audrey Penn, illustrated by Barbara L. Gibson ($7.95, Tanglewood) it is made to survive the often rough handling the very young give a book. Its great artwork and text provides an introduction to different colors. The Animal Masquerade by Marianne Dubuc ($16.95, Kids Can Press) is a fanciful tale of animals that disguise themselves as other creatures, providing an introduction to different creatures in a very entertaining way. A very amusing story is told in The Klampie Mystery by Luis Rodriguez ($14.95, Mascot Books) about Samantha who gets a life-sized stuffed Koala toy whose arms clamp onto anything. When her family takes a trip to Australia, she takes the toy named Klamie along and there the fun begins when a real koala replaces it. A growing concern among parents is the way video games and electronic devices not only keep kids indoors, but ill-serve the development of their imagination, a key factor in creativity. That’s why I liked One Day I Went Rambling by Kelly Bennett, illustrated by Terri Murphy ($17.95, Bright Sky Press) for those ages 5-8. It is about a boy who finds all kinds of things while playing outside and how his imagination converts them into things like a pirate’s magic ring. This is a great book for the very young. Kids are naturally fascinated by all living creatures and that can include insects. Bug Off! Creepy, Crawly Poems by Jane Yolen, illustrated by some great photos by Jason Stemple ($16.95, WordSong, an imprint of Boyds Mills Press, Honesdale, PA) is an excellent introduction to bees, butterflies, ants, spiders and other common insects.
I’m flabbergasted. I’m embarrassed. I’m fearful for the rights I currently enjoy as a citizen, let alone a bisexual, childfree female.
﻿These pics were made back when she could still see and get around by herself outdoors. She used to love to sit on the porch in the sun and watch the world go 'round, and yap at me to prepare her supper faster.
It's an honor to share life with my children.
But we don't actually work...
Unfortunately, it leaves you hanging a little. I guess that’s because they’re coming up with another movie next November.
We get to join the club! Ann Marie and Michael are going to be parents and that makes us Grand-parents. I have heard it is the most wonderful thing to have grandchildren. We are thrilled beyond thrilled.
The letter notes that the Fukushima nuclear disaster was a result of the failure of institutions in Japan to protect people from such an accident. These institutional failures are repeated in every country with nuclear reactors, putting millions at risk, because governments “are more concerned about protecting the profits of the nuclear industry than in fulfilling their responsibility to protect people.”
So very, very sorry.
If spam is annoying (it is!), you have options to filter spam on your settings and so what if the odd spam message goes through? It's just an extra commitment you have as a blog owner to go and delete it. Really, really hate spam?! No worries, just turn off word verification and change your settings so that you need to approve/review all comments before they get posted on your blog. Easy peasy!
I went to the mansion to spy on the inside & outside of the mansion in areas that we could not see or hear with our equipment, and I was the one who was to give the signal to begin the operation; I wanted to make sure that we had the best data possible for our mission to be a success, and I wanted to personally check things for myself to better adjust our attack plans.
Brand new freebie in my shop with love linniexxx
1. Is the person a male or a female?
There were some, of course, after the election of Barack Obama who declared that America was now "post-racial." After 200+ years of having differences and/or hatred drummed into us, somehow those had all or would all evaporate.
By early 1966 I had the urge to move on. I had viewed many films first run in London's West End and visited many of the luxurious theaters' projection rooms. I visited the Dominion when they were playing "The Sound of Music", the Metropole, during it's run of "Lawrence of Arabia" and the Odeon Leicester Square when they showed "What's New Pussycat?". The Odeon Leicester Square was the Rank Organisation's 'flagship' theatre, it's beautiful interior and top notch presentation impressed me the most and I was determined to find employment there. Unfortunately, this was not to be. Due to the fact that the suburban and West End theatres were separate divisions I was prevented by Rank to cross over into the West End. Instead, in September, 1966 I went to work at the Odeon, Dalston to train on the new projection technology called 'projectomatic'.
Neil Young- Come on Baby, Let's Go Downtown
Turned out quite nicely. The vanilla beurre blanc brought out the vanilla and butter aromas in the wine, and the bitter salad and spinach brought down the bitter of the wine, making it less bitter. Plus, the citrus elements in the risotto and salad matched up with the citrus aroma in the wine, and everything tasted really good.
of ever-changing wonder.
Being "in the flow" builds co-operative behaviour.
In an Open Source Church we’d organize ourselves around the premise, as Wikipedia does, that everyone who’s here is a member. Everyone. Those who’ve been here since the founding of the church and those who just walked through the door; those who’ve stayed through thick and thin and those who stepped out for a while and are tentatively stepping back in – every single person is already a member of this community because membership in this community is open to everyone. No hoops. No hurdles. No hassles. No haggling.
An app is a very different kettle of fish. In an app, the text is the least of your worries. An app is essentially a computer program all on its own, whereas an e-book is not. Digitising pictures and sounds follows the same principle as digitising text. Do you want more tekky stuff? Look away if not.
So Melanie's clothing was in a different part of the school than mine were--she actually changed in the Drama changing room. She was obviously smarter than me. So she walked with me to the restroom, located in Hall C. And then she left to go wait in the car for me. But before she left, I peeled off the over-sized dress and handed it to her thru the door.
Alex: We have several options available for customers to get their boarding passes during the check-in process. You can go paperless with our Mobile Boarding Pass option, print your boarding pass from your personal computer, have it faxed to you or even print them at an airport kiosk. If you are within 24 hours of your departure time and are ready to print your boarding pass, select the Online Check-In link below.
The submarine disappeared while being tracked by every sophisticated device NATO seems to be able to own or borrow. At least one of those from among the listed agencies was arrested by the local police force in Oxford, their electronic surveillance gear siezed, were confined for 12 hours despite being above arrest and detention as a senior NATO intelligence officer.’
17 - It's Wrong Wrong
It is a well known fact that Kay’la is a cheesecake fiend and a purveyor of random acts that has been known to drop a poem or two on occasion. So don’t be surprised when the power of her artistry shakes your heart, challenges your assumptions and leaves you breathless.
Where can I use my Time Travelers pass?
Come to think of it, I probably could have done better at Harry’s than I did. I sat there and watched him make the martini – chilling the glass with ice, stirring the ingredients – and thinking “gee, I wish he would have put more than a couple of drops of vermouth in that pitcher of Beefeater” (when what I should have done is just asked him to add more – why I didn’t, I don’t know – it had been a long day). He topped it off with a lemon twist. The martini was good, and he seemed to know what he was doing – I just should have been more assertive about what I wanted.
As Chairman Steve Morgan watched on in the company of a select group of dignitaries, pictured finding something humorous as the pouring rain drenched out the conclusion of proceedings, it may have been him looking back on an awfully handled 2 months at boardroom level. For Chief Executive Jez Moxey’s Laurel, you get Steve Morgan’s Hardy as they personify a comedy double act to rival the most bumbling of duos; “That’s another fine mess you’ve gotten us into”. Quite. You could almost hear it being uttered as they looked on to their clubs’ demise.
Then pretend that he is Parson Brown.
»Title Sequence«
I wake Libriumia with a kiss, gentle on her forehead, and present her with a little silver box. It’s her first birthday since we got together, and I bought her a coffee grinder. It was the one thing we did not get when we were nesting, the one thing left to finish off the flat. We use it to make a nice fair trade Colombian blend for breakfast, with toast and jam.
How often in the past year I have heard persons sneer at tireless individuals who have organised huge charitable occasions – arguing that these individuals do it to raise their own profiles and serve their own interests – but surely better that they do it, for whatever motives, than that they are one of the miserable sneerers on the sidelines full only of bile and venom – lacking will even if more than able. They shall be awarded their own special awards in hell surely.
I don't believe the weaknesses of my nervous system are something to be ashamed of. I tend to agree with what Paul said, "Therefore I will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, so that Christ’s power may rest on me." (2 Corin. 12:9, NIV) And I don't believe taking medication when needed to help cope with anxiety, panic, or depression is something to be ashamed of. "Therefore, there is now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus." (Ro. 8:1, NIV) I do believe that I am more motivated to seek God with all my heart because of my weaknesses--and that is a good thing. And I believe that God is never more closer to us than when we need Him the most. But it's up to us to reach out and grab hold of Him and His Word, to believe God and walk by faith. When we do, we will ultimately experience the victory.
Attached to the stable was a private theater, evidence of Leonard’s other passion, music. He was an enormous fan of opera and named Jennie for the singer Jenny Lind, the “Swedish Nightingale,” with whom he was rumored to have had an affair.
I really dug New Girl. It was refreshing and I flew right through it. Hell, any book that keeps me up all night cause I just gotta know what happens next always gets five stars from me. :)
leaves like arms embracing me
“What light?” she asked.
I could spend hours giving examples of similar cases. I am not the only person to run into this. In both cases I was looking for a brick wall ancestor. I was pretty sure of the outcome going in. So why did I keep digging? Just in case there really was some good documentation at the end. All I need is a small clue on some of my brick wall ancestors to break the walls down. It can get extremely frustrating. This is one of the reasons that I spend a lot of time preaching documentation to my genealogy students. Based on the blatant copying of one family tree into their own family tree, if the first person had made a note about where she got the information from, then all the family trees would have had the same information. I would have known at a glance that the connection was only speculative not based on documentation that I didn’t know about.
The Victorians and Edwardians had a real thing for what they called savouries, which were small dishes served alongside or after the dessert course at dinner. We don’t do this any more, all that survives is the cheese option one sometimes finds on the pudding menu at restaurants. I expect the gout is to blame. Savouries need a whole post to themselves so I won’t go into them here…
He wanted her to prefer spending the evening alone with him rather than going to parties. But she always preferred the parties. And it always seemed, at the parties, that he was the last person she wanted to be with.
Enjoy this deal!
for the whole room around it
The four Lions set about making their impact, to show their loyalty to their extreme religion. Two of the guys head to Pakistan to train with extreme radicals. To their surprise they find there host unwillingness to act as characters out of a Rambo movie disheartening. It’s not to long before they are being attacked by insurgents that they take matters into their own hand, with devastating effects. it’s not long before they are heading home, but not without leaving a legacy to their stupidity.
Robin graduated with honors from the University of Texas at Austin with a degree in journalism and lives in Louisiana.
“Roving Apps” – This space is dedicated to reviewing new apps, old apps, useful ones, and ones that might be better served remaining in the App Store. My reviews are based on classroom use and my own exploration of what is out there and what I have found as more and more apps for the iPad are created.
My sister Liz and Colby were married in the Salt Lake City LDS Temple on August 18th.
- 1 tablespoon of vanilla
Ohgod. I took a quick inventory of the foods and snacks we ate during Super Bowl weekend (come on, it's still happening; I'm making seven-layer dip today).
Over this past year Steven has been able to rebuild a relationship with his dad. They hadn't had a relationship for years, in all the time that we've been together (12 years) and even before that. But it's been amazing to watch this year as they have let the past go and have decided to move forward and build a life together. This was the first Father's Day that they had celebrated together in all those years, and it was very special to be apart of. He recently started renting a place along the river, has a boat, and lots and lots of fishing equipment. Some of it belonged to his younger brother, who passed away right before Christmas last year. It was pretty special watching the kids fishing with Uncle Dave's fishing poles. I'm sure he was smiling at all the fish they were reeling in! Steven took some pictures on his phone (of course, I took the camera, but didn't get it out of the car!!! What's wrong with me?!?! And I also realized we got no pictures of Steven with the kids, or him with his dad!! Geez, I'm slipping!) But we had a wonderful Father's Day, and I hope you all had a special father in your life that you got to celebrate as well!
River Cottage will also be at the Royal William Yard Good Food Market on May 7. Lots of River Cottage’s suppliers will be there, and River Cottage will be selling a selection of our best-selling books, gift hampers, and River Cottage merchandise. Plus, as a special treat, if you buy a gift from the River Cottage stall then you can receive 10% off in the Canteen and Deli on the same day, just by producing your receipt. The perfect reward after a hard day’s shopping at the Market – lunch or afternoon tea in the Canteen – just around the corner.
In a food-processor, or with your fingers, rub the butter into the flour and parmesan. I use a food processor as a) I'm lazy and b) I can use really cold butter, but it is your call. When you have a mixture resembling breadcrumbs, mix in the toasted pine nuts and some pepper.
I want you to kiss me sweetly, carefully, while I enjoy your taste and your full bottom lip slowly, like tasting wine. I want to kiss you passionately, almost angrily, uninhibited by my hunger for you.
Her mirror would laugh too
At the same time, the Cuban Interests Section criticizes a section of the article attempting to justify the inordinate sentences handed down to the Cuban Five, as René González, Gerardo Hernández, Antonio Guerrero, Ramón Labañino and Fernando González are known internationally.
At the school district level, 80 percent of Title III districts reported that they had met their first two goals: making progress in learning English and attaining English proficiency. Sixty-four percent of them reported that they had also reached their third goal by making adequate yearly progress for the English-language-learner subgroup on state reading and math assessments, as well as other indicators such as attendance and graduation rates, according to the study.
I'm on Nightwaves on Radio 3 tonight, talking about Beryl Bainbridge with AN Wilson, and have been happily reading her novels in preparation. What a treat! We're discussing the 'Beryl Booker', the Man Booker Best of Beryl prize. As is well known, Beryl was shortlisted five times, more than any other author, although sadly she never won. There was a touching tribute to her at last year's Man Booker dinner (she had died in July).
You take that for fact, which will scarce be found Wit:
Sun rise over the Grand Canyon.
OK, being English I will work to the traditional full English breakfast, this includes
I will get $1 off instead of just 50 cents.
Thank you, thank you, thank you my precious friends!!!!
Slice the meat on the diagonal, and place on the rolls. Serve the sauce for dipping.
J: You don’t seem to know the difference between a rage/flame war and an actual debate, hence why you are terrible at it. Honestly, you are. I don’t see why you think that what you can say can actually sway me when you yourself have admitted that you barely understand the bible.
Coffee is ready for me in a to go cup. Sip – oh yeah, that is soooo good. Text friend – digging out of snow, running late – Grab a Kashi bar, my instruments, and head outside. The cold air grabs me like a handshake. The snow is untouched, smooth, sparkling, beautiful.
MLSF chose to partner with local director Gavin Michael Booth for this project. Booth, and emerging filmmaker was able to relate to their struggle and create the right energy arranging the stats in a unique visual presentation as well as create a riveting performance element to the video. The video was shot on location in Windsor and created with an all Windsor-based crew.
Just because my tears turned into stones
sounds like i am a grumbling, super-negative momma, huh?
In 2012 “The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith” has stood the test of time and should be celebrated as a master stroke in Australian Literature and voice, and although now people are asking Keneally if he would have been better placed to have written this from the settler’s point of view, I found the tackling of such a controversial subject honest and ringing true. Let’s not forget that it took until February 2008 before a Prime Minister of this country would formally apologise to the indigenous people of this land.
This is life.
The quilting is a combination of ditch quilting and my wavy line quilting, all done with my walking foot. Wrestling the quilt through the machine was a challenge at times, but I chickened out on trying the block quilting with my free motion foot, so I was stuck twisting and turning the quilt quite a lot. Now I just need to find where I stashed the binding strips to keep them away from curious felines and I will be all set to get the binding sewn on.
Place remaining chocolate and shortening in a pyrex bowl or measuring cup. Heat and stir in 30 second intervals in the microwave until melted and smooth. Dip half of each cookie into chocolate, allowing excess to drip off. If desired, roll dipped edge in nonpareils/edible glitter/sanding sugar. Place cookies on waxed paper until chocolate is set.
Waterfalls are always delightful to see. This is one of my favourite waterfall photos. Milford Sound – a must-go destination in New Zealand. This is another composition of a similar picture posted earlier.
Check out the forum at
This shot was taken with my point-and-shoot camera. No filters, no Photoshop, no fancy footwork. I love it! I hope you do, too.
A similar thing happened when I was writing Warrior King, about the earlier part of the life of Alfred the Great. (I was going to make a note to myself at this point to choose my subjects more carefully - but a) sometimes the subject chooses you, and b) I guess that actually, this must be a common problem for writers of historical fiction as history is decidedly inconsiderate in the way it spaces out events.)
Here is the magazine that contains all the patterns as well as an article about Tatting Techniques by Rebecca Hollenbaugh.
me started April 15th 1965. It began as a P.F.C. Rifleman in the Marines.
[14] Trinity glider. mmmm, I love this chair. keep in mind that it'll be navy blue with white trim, and not the off white color shown. if I had photoshop, I'd change it... but I don't, so just use your imagination.
Dress - Marks & Spencer (Wear 1)
grocer on the corner.
I have been kinda obsessed with this show since it began and it can do no wrong in my books, in fact it gets better and keeps throwing surprises. I don't ever want it to end!
The thought of my 5 week summer session is a little intimidating right now. Because these classes are TYPICALLY 16 weeks..and they’re trying to stuff that in 5 weeks!! I need to give myself a mental kick in the head lol. GET MY ASS ON THAT. I have to stay on top and give it my all! And try not to binge on top of that as well.. lol. THAT is stressful.
you can go to hell.
I see the benefit of all these activities, however. First, we’ve been forced to become more organized. Dinner has to be planned, and we all have to be ready to go when we need to go or the whole day gets set back. Second, we’ve been forced to do tackle activities we don’t necessarily want to tackle but are for our benefit. For example, I realized I let tasks such as balancing the budget and laundry slide over the past month and a half. Did laundry get done? Yes. But it was on an as-needed basis, rather than regular up-keep.
Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. The cookies can be made immediately, but chilling will firm the dough up and the cookies will spread less when baking.
My week started with me making a mistake at work. Well, discovering a mistake at work. I owned up to it immediately. I know exactly what I did wrong. It has a hefty price tag but will be fixed within about 2 weeks. It isn't the worst thing I could have done but I beat myself up pretty good over it.
Just before 4 o'clock on July 2, 1863, Confederate artillery along this portion of Seminary Ridge opened fire on the Union batteries stationed in the Peach Orchard. Huddling in the woods, the Mississippi troops listened to the boom of the guns and screech of Union shells crashing through the trees above them. Impatient that his part of the attack was delayed until other troops had gone in first, a fuming Barksdale stormed up and down, stopping only to petition his division commander for permission to go into the attack early.
This blog is called From Your Heart To The Lord which comes from Ephesians 5:18-20, “Be filled with the Spirit, speaking to one another with psalms, hymns, and songs from the Spirit. Sing and make music from your heart to the Lord, always giving thanks to God the Father for everything, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.” (NIV) I love the passage because it represents my feelings of being filled with the Holy Spirit, giving thanks to God, loving each other and coming to Him in worship. In this blog, I will share some of the devotionals I’ve written along with new material and the music that often blesses me as I’m writing.
Chances are, you'll get them, too.
This story is never going to be good enough. Nonsense. It's going to get better with everything you write, because practice makes better. You're going to write some crappy things, but don't let that stop you, because the crappy parts are going to get fixed. You're also going to write some amazing things, and only you can write them. You have something to say that only you can say, and I'm sure you've heard this before, but it's true. Maybe there are other books like yours, maybe there are other characters with similar personalities, but this is your story from your mind and your heart, and it is unique. Your story is going to get better with every draft, every rewrite, every bit of polishing.
* curtains of wisteria softly calling with sweetness
I can’t wait for the next class on April 25th (yes, I secured my spot, yaayy!) Francois will reveal his Macaron secret recipe. If any of you in Shanghai interested to join the class here is the number to call 6169 8886 (Ms. Jeya).
Here is an excerpt from Berman’s article regarding laying an appropriate foundation for social media…
These women of the village do not expect more than what they have. They know they come from mothers who willingly drenched themselves in the blood of innocence. They accept God’s divine plan for them. This shows a remarkable strength in their faith and in doing what they know is right. Someone on the outside might confuse their silence and reverent ways as being submissive. They are wrong. In their faith feminism is understood differently. They are already equals. All that needs to be done is to act equal.
The Dream team went outside of the box and created cards and projects not in the shape of a square..
The rolls were awesome. I tried both his and mine. Personally I could take or leave the soup and salad. Hubbs enjoyed the whole meal, but we could both agree. The rolls were awesome. I’ve been thinking about them all day. Lucky for me this place is just up the road, and if I play my cards right I’ll be it’s Foursquare mayor in due time.
And ours is a love story. In the midst of all that life is–the wrath, the uncertainty, the unholiness, the unhappiness, the tedium, the dysfunction, the crudeness, the awkwardness, the turmoil, the trials, the suffering–in the midst of it all, there is a love story. Many will write this off as mere fiction–the product of someone’s imagination, entertainment via cable television; and nothing more. But some of us are in on the secret…some of us are privy to the mystery…some of us have been given the key…and we know it is true. Despite out misgivings and our fears that the break-up and tension will never be resolved, that Jim and Pam might never get together, that there are too many obstacles in the way, we are guided by our hearts and our hearts tell us the truth. And we know the episodes that follow. We know there is a marriage and we watch all the previous episodes knowing and waiting with anticipation for the episode when finally, for the first time, the marriage takes place.
Bake, rotating baking sheets halfway through, until crisp and golden, 18-22 minutes. Let cool on sheets on a wire rack.
Stephen Huczko, 44, Bethlehem, N.J.
Start by removing all clutter. Toss, recycle or donate the items that are broken, not being used or don’t hold any sentimental value. Perhaps all those dried up pens and broken pencils? How about donating that extra calculator to a local school? When is the last time you read or referenced that book? Purging will help fight exhausting visual clutter in your office and is an easy exercise to perform monthly or quarterly.
high above the lit-up tiles
Under the shadow of our steeple
