☺ First, download the file clicking the download button near the image: you'll get a .pdf file
I was scrabbling around for inspiration (as mentioned earlier: stress = not good for my drawing) and decided to do an expansion on an unnamed character that I had drawn some 2 years ago in my then-sketchbook; a moleskine of about A6 size. The earlier image can be found below and I thought it nice to contribute it as it shows a reasonably remarkable change in style and skill (I think). In the original I added the title “War and Peace” to the novel the guy was reading in order to show that he may be in the gutter, but he’s trying to better himself through literature.
Last Monday (the 7th) I had an "Academic Planning Meeting" with my Field Liaison, the Director of the MSW program, and the Director of Practicum. Essentially my liaison is concerned about me not being able to pass my practicum due to problems that have been occurring over the course of the year. I was initially at the middle school, but after about a month and a half I was transferred to the high school due to a lot of issues with my field instructor (supervisor). Since going to the high school I feel like it's been one issue after another. I got really low ratings on my evaluation at the end of first semester, and in my opinion they were largely in part to my supervisor not providing supervision like we were supposed to have each week. Plus my supervisor continues to believe that I am a clinical level student, but I'm a foundation level student. The difference between the two is that the foundation year is the first year of the 2 year program. Everyone takes identical classes and it's kind of like taking general education classes...except they are specific social work classes. The second year of the program is where you decide between the clinical track or the administration track, and your classes and practicum is based on which track you take. So the clinical track is the track that I plan to take next year. My supervisor expects me to be at the level of a clinical student, despite that I'm still in my foundation year. This has caused a lot of problems in terms of expectations and experience because I'm just not at the place my supervisor thinks I need to be. Needless to say this meeting was a brainstorming session to come up with ways to make sure I pass. The outcome ended up being (in my opinion) telling me to just do what I have to do in order to pass. We've established that I have no desire to be a school social worker, so I think that's the biggest problem that my supervisor has with me...that I don't have a passion to be a school social worker. My passion is working with the military population and people with PTSD and mental health disorders. Hell I even loved my job working in foster care...but I despise being in the school setting. I disagree with the policies, I don't feel it's a helpful environment, and I just plain don't like it. Maybe it's the district, maybe it's me....who knows, it's just not my cup of tea.
The Metis Settlements flag, depicts the outline similar to the Canadian flag. The two outside bars with the signs of infinity represent the eight Metis Settlements land areas and keep the infinity sign of Louis Riel’s Metis flag. The circle of life in the centre reflects the joining of two cultures, the red symbolizes our Native ancestry. The white represents our French and Scottish ancestry. The brown is our new vibrant Metis culture. Within the circle two peoples join hands and invite ours into the circle with their extended hands. The bottom half has the letter “M” for Metis. historyonline.msgc.ca/
Their statement was was the supplier hadn’t come around. I asked when they expected it and they said they didn’t know. I asked if that was normal and they said the supplier came around sometime.
A lot of people are going to bitch about Christian’s seeming lack of morals, but Christian is almost always up front about it. As Sean P said, he makes no bones about who he is. “Every one of Christian’s asshole moments was enabled by others who wanted something from him. Which is a good reflection of life in general.”
"Everyone's fine, honestly,
TrekMovie was first in reporting that Benedict Cumberbatch had joined the Star Trek sequel cast, to play a villain (originally a role offered to Benecio del Toro). A few outlets have also reported (including today’s AICN) that this villain was Trek’s most famous bad guy – the exiled Eugenics War leader Khan Noonien Singh (originally played by Ricardo Montalban). TrekMovie has also confirmed this with a number of sources so we no longer consider it to be a rumor.
Norman's Fire - Jacques Renault
Grey wedge heeled rainboots: Hunter
The Constitution dedicates America to “ Secure the blessings of Liberty to ourselves and OUR Posterity.”
Lesley
he WON'T stop talking about them. my son, not my husband, though i am sure he is equally as proud of his manhood. completely sure in fact. in his college glory days especially. hence all the awesome anatomically incorrect terminology that N has learned
Mark Coker
Make sure you check out my copic coloring guide book blog hop and enter for your chance to win an autographed copy here.
Å couple of weeks ago, just after replacement band Beyond the Bridge was announced for ProgPower USA XIII, I was the proud winner of a little contest put on by my friend Cory of Audio Renaissance. The contest was to read up on the concept behind the new CD “The Old Man and the Spirit” and then write about how you relate to that concept in your own life. So a couple of days I ago, I received a copy of the CD signed by all 7 members of the group.
It had wandered along the telephone line and I wouldn't want it to interfere with my computer would I?????
The first time she went down furious and came back jovial and with a bunch of grapes that was gently fermenting.
My husband and I were reflecting on this past year. We moved to another state, again. We started over in a place we knew nothing about. We get by on less than we ever had. We have given up things we thought we needed. And we have never been happier. Our laughs bellow from deep within, the kind of happiness that pours over. We talk about our hopes and our dreams, and how what we thought was unattainable is in fact a reality. We listen more, wait patiently (most of the time), and have seen our faith grow tenfold.
There are a few of Warhol's celebrity portraits for sale. Here's a painting of a very young Meryl Streep that was executed in 1984. Meryl Streep. Est. $900,000 - $1,200,000.
Has a goal to condemn
Bob nodded with a cocky confidence -- the crowd went nuts. He hadn't missed a question all week.
Meporter
I embraced J with the desperate of a drowning man lost in a sea of overwhelming ecstasy. The sensations were rushing into my anus and making my prostate beat a heavy rhythm of building multiple orgasm. At the same time my cock was absorbing the heat and eroticism of her femininity.
Schönen Samstag Euch allen! Es ist wieder Zeit für eine neue Ausgabe des Stempeleinmaleins. Januar ist ja bekanntlich Schnupfen-Zeit. Und wenn man dann schon immer Naseputzen muss dann doch bitte zumindest Taschentücher aus einer schönen Box verwenden! Und darum gibt es diesmal eine Anleitung für ein Tissue-Box-Cover.
For the past three seasons MCB dancer Amara Baptist of Sunland, CA, has danced the role of Clara in the ballet company’s annual productions of The Nutcracker at the Alex Theatre in Glendale. This year Baptist is prepared to surrender the crown she has worn as Clara to a new dancer.
It's easy to understand why one respected name in music would want to appropriate another. To say something is the Stradivarius of its category means it's unquestionably the best.
In a non-stick omelet pan, heat the oil.
Nose: Pears, green apples, lemon, honeydew melon.
When I saw the Missoni line for target, I knew it would break me. I tried to tell myself not to get heels because I just can't walk in them, but they are surprisingly comfortable and I love the simple yet powerful statement they make.
Do you think the consensus is that law enforcement is a man’s job? If so, have you had difficulty being accepted as an equal?
Cicero explained in detail the strange events plaguing his household over the past few days, which I will summarise for you here. On the Nones of March, his papers were scattered all over his house, like the shattered remnants of the Pompeian forces, dispersed after the Civil War. Only a few papers were too badly damaged to be repaired, those containing notes on Sextus Roscius (Cicero’s first major defence.) A few days later, a statue of the Goddess Minerva was stolen from his house; similar to how Verres (a successful prosecution for Cicero) had pilfered whatever he pleased from his unfortunate Sicilian people. Finally, and here being the crux of the matter, just this very day, a slave of Cicero’s was found dead, stabbed repeatedly in the sizable garden of the house (again representative of a case of Cicero’s, namely, this time Clodius killed on The Appian Way.) Someone was terrorising Cicero and they must have had help from the inside. I was on the case.
Luckily not all brewers are Brewdog and another Scottish brewery appears to be taking a far more appealing approach to the marketing of their quality offer. Namely handing out free grog to the likes of me. The lovely chaps at Williams Bros brewing are the nice people who have distracted me from lovely cheap lout. They sent me a box of grog to go at, and go at it I did.
Hubby left for Dallas last night. He’ll be gone for nearly a month. I know that’s a blink of an eye, hardly a moment, a nano second compared to how long other husbands are gone from their families. Did you know there are some military families who are separated for months or YEARS at a time??? That would be way worse.
Okay, I know I already blogged today but I really needed to comment on this.
The film starts out innocently enough: Kenji is a math-genius and programmer for the online virtual world of OZ. He is offered a proposition by his co-worker, Natsuki, to spend the weekend at her family reunion shadowing as her fiance. Reason being is that Natsuki’s grandmother is turning 90, and she promised to show off her fiancé to prove that she’s got a grasp on her life. Kenji blindly accepts the offer, having had a crush on Natsuki for a long time now.
Also, Dollzone have decided to open orders for Tanned Skin dolls, which kills me. I have wanted a Tanned Floy for such a long time and I have NO Idea when I'd get the money for one. Ugh... why now?!
Mengele also tested drugs that were the direct experimental subjects of the US Navy’s Project CHATTER. Project CHATTER was a Navy program that began in the fall of 1947. Allegedly, responding to reports of “amazing results” achieved by the Soviets in using “truth drugs,” the program focused on the identification and testing of drugs for use in interrogations and in the recruitment of agents. The research included laboratory experiments on animals and unwitting human subjects involving Anabasis aphylla, scopolamine, and mescaline in order to determine their speech-inducing qualities.
Sophie: Water & Darcy
A typeface of matter emerges in the mind, Berkley was right!
As Mormons, I think sometimes we want our religious heroes to be superhuman specimens of righteousness. But they aren’t — have never pretended to be. If there is one thing that emerges as you study the scriptures and read church history, it’s that our religious heroes are a lot like us: broken and weak.
* Primary, (and only) driver, Don Pentecost.
The gallery was busy (but not over-crowded) with visitors, all intently looking at the exhibits which are beautifully displayed and simply labelled in classic museum style, whether they were ancient artifacts or new works made for the exhibition . . . another very enjoyable part of the experience was overhearing the comments . . .
Now you can decoarte the front and the insides with paper of your choice. You can do the whole front but for now just paper on the inside.
But, for now, my thoughts are with you, Michael. Hang in there. Fuck Amazon. We know what motivates them.
SO, here's the peek:
1) The Pick Up
In Bollywood, where a smile turns to frown for the smallest of reasons, “forgive and forget” is a very rare phenomenon, and Basu did it so easily – we are pleasantly shocked! And yes, we especially like his last statement – “When Ranbir smiles usko sab maaf hai.”
Mike Oldfield & Maggy Reilly Moonlight shadow UK
They have both been invited back to attend the second workshop this weekend!
For several months now there has been considerable speculation in the community that as well as taking on the George Town cruise berthing facilities, a cruise pier at Cayman Turtle Farm in West Bay, and the reconstruction of the jetty at Spotts, CHEC would also be involved in the airport project. Earlier this year Bush had suggested that the Bejing based firm was interested in building the airport but so far there has been no confirmation regarding the proposed plans for Owen Roberts.
There will be fantastic giveaways....I wish I could tell you more, but you will just have to come back on January 1st, 2012 to see exactly what I am referring to!!!
The agencies both have automated underwriting systems and these systems are initially run by the processor to see what the minimum documentation is and then anything questionable must be documented also. The underwriter then uses their expertise to further analyze the file, the documentation and the overall risk factor that may exist. The automated underwriting systems spit out minimum documentation requirements from what has been entered into the system. It is a machine so it cannot see with the human eye and only uses information it has been given by the human; therefore, there is room for error. When something changes after it is documented; (income, assets, liabilities, after being verified) the automated underwriting system must be changed along with the new information and new underwriting requirements review yet again. As with any process; sometimes this has not been done properly; therefore, underwriting decisions can be made that are not actually the true story as it has been verified. These systems are governed by humans and as we all know humans make mistakes and even though there are explicit guidelines that should be followed; there are still errors made that can change the approved status to a declined status. Mortgage Underwriters and Processors have decided that it is best to fully document a file and then there are less risk and more prudent analysis done.
Ugh, so Trevor goes home and gets jump-scared by a barking dog right in front of his face, which by all logic he should have seen when he was walking up to his building. But I guess that would be too smart for this movie. Inside, he has convulsions and spits out water plus a big eel thing. Charming. This apparently is the mating signal for this girl:
To which Muhlen replied:
There is no global warming. What warming occurred was entirely natural, a response to the end of a previous period of cooling that ended around 1850.
I would like to close today with the quote from Gandhi that called me to do this sermon. I offer it to you as a blessing and as a meditation, in hopes that it may bring you closer to God, however you define it.
“Oh boy what?”
I wrote mine because for me writing something means it goes into my head more than if I type something. So it is personal preference. I have previously typed a lot of work and it hasn’t gone any quicker (due to bells and whistles of formatting) but it is easily readable. So if your handwriting is bad this is a good option. Downside is if you type it you have to print it (and bind/secure).
He will do it for you!
Adam was so full of love, life, hope and dreams…but it just wasn’t strong enough to keep him with us on this earth. He simply didn’t know how to live without giving his all to everything. And so he used up 80+ years worth of his heart well before he turned 33 years old, and it was time for him to finally rest and not be tired anymore.
Pink Bazzill
So, there's a two hour late start here due to icy/snowy weather. Two hours, dropped in my lap like a "just because" gift from Mother Nature and Old Man Winter (aww, you shouldn't have, guys!). What's a woman to do? Laundry? Read? Go back to bed? No. Today is your lucky day, lovelies. TODAY I SHALL BLOG.
A great loss.
Where is the dignity in that? It is understandable that people have to look for work to feed their family. But going abroad just to find decent work? There is something wrong with this picture. People typically go abroad to invest in business enterprises, not work for a marginal living. Filipinos want to be near their family members, but the fact that many of them have to travel halfway around the globe just to find a decent job that pays decent salary is something that has to be addressed by the Philippine authorities.
The hybrid nature of “Umbrella” may not be terribly obvious on a first listen, but it includes a fair number of disparate elements. It is a dance song set to a rock backbeat with Caribbean-accented R&B vocals and a rap intro. The arrangement is tight. The lyrics are straightforward, and why shouldn’t they be, when there are so few great songs about fidelity?
An orange in the non-unitary matrix of non-linear isometric symbols
He probably figured that me + staple gun = disaster.
However, I wasn't able to use it on the small bits of endgrain on the boxes because the scratch stock profile was a bit smaller than the moulding plane—they didn't match. That meant the endgrain needed to be shaped by hand.
I first want to take a look at Investor’s Intelligence. Over time this has proven to be one of the better gauges of sentiment that I have seen. Here is a look over the past 7 years. The keys to look for when looking for a major top are bulls at less than 20% and bull/bear ratios over 2.50 for at least a few weeks. While one shouldn’t rely on this indicator alone it has been quite useful. I want to start with mid-2007 and work forward. The market made an initial peak in July 2007 before a nasty correction into August. The bull/bear ratio was over 2.50 for close to 3 months straight and bearish readings were below 20%. In October 2007 the bull/bear ratio had a big two week spike and bulls moved below 20% once again. That ended up being the top of the bull run from March 2003-October 2007. After the peak sentiment fell off a cliff and never really recovered until late-2009. The bull/bear ratio spent about 2 months up near 3.00 and bearish readings were clearly under 20%. The market then saw a correction in January 2010 of 8% or so. Now look to April 2010 ahead of the “flash crash”. Bull/bear readings were up near 3.00 and bearish sentiment was under 20%. Now look at the peak in April 2011. The bull/bear ratio was over 2.50 for the better part of 6 months before that high and actually spiked up to 3.00-3.50 right before the peak. At that time bearish sentiment was once again under 20%. Now look at where we are today. Last week was the first time since April 2011 that the bull/bear ratio came close to 2.50 and bearish sentiment is still 21.5%. These are not the kind of numbers one would expect near a major market peak with regard to sentiment.
Its the present that alone matters
What fashion show would you want tickets to?
'these groups were found to be inferior to the whites, except the Chinese, who were slightly better than the whites in rote memory only.'
Sometimes the things a person appears to enjoy in life the most are exactly what may be killing them, or may eventually. Lifestyle changes or even therapy may be necessary, but the individual is the only one who can change the behavior.
On Friday, Mohammed Liaqat, 28, and Abid Saddique, 27, were jailed at Nottingham Crown Court for raping and sexually abusing girls aged 12-18. The judge in the case maintained that the race of the victims and their abusers was "coincidental".
3. Black Albino Bones
We wouldn't mind betting that when an agent or editor finds something they can get behind - something they LOVE - they look for the nearest jig-worthy rooftop as quickly as we do.
One alternative to chaining is to keep dogs inside fences, Hardy said.
Also, be prepared to abandon your stroller in a sea of stroller parking several times throughout the day. It's a great idea to make your stroller easily identifiable with ribbon, balloons, cover with a poncho when you park, whatever you can think of to help make yours stand out in the sea of strollers. Do mark it though, mistakes happen and if someone grabs your stroller by mistake it would be nice if they can call your cell phone.
Speaking at the Comittee Against Torture (CAT) during its last sitting, Sri Lanka’s representative who headed the delegation, former Solicitor General Mohan Peiris said, Ekneligoda is not missing, but living in a foreign country under political asylum – a statement which was questioned by Ekneligoda’s wife and team of attorneys.
A viewer want to know how to get over an infatuation. I guess what you’re saying is an infatuation that wasn’t reciprocated meaning you had a crush on someone and they didn’t feel the same way and that’s hard, and other people might look at you like uhhh..”What’s your problem? Get over it, it’s no big deal.” Yeah it wasn’t a relationship but still there’s feeling involved, you had a feeling for this person, you’re interested, that person didn’t reciprocated in anyway.
Second on the agenda was local thrashers, Remains. I have given this band a fair bit of coverage already, and if you are familiar with what I have said about them, then you’ll
On days like this I tend to get sad. Really, really sad. As happy as I am. As proud of her, as much as I adore her. I grieve the yesterdays. I miss what was and know that it will never be again. I was not a Mother who "missed it" as so many people I know claim. I was there. I was paying attention. But it was still too short! Those mornings of snuggling her on my chest. Those days of carrying her in my arms, of chasing her as she toddled ahead of me...they were just too short. And if I let myself I can sob away the hours just missing those moments. So, I must find solace....and I do...in two things:
First option, since I AM Canning Granny after all... a half-pint jar of my home canned Habanero Gold jelly (click to see post). This beautiful jelly contains habanero peppers, red peppers, and dried apricots and is delicious with cream cheese on crackers, as a glaze for meat and I'm sure many other yummy things.
April was National Poetry Month and I really wanted to post a few of my favorite poems here in
It was a fantastic, painless, incredibly fun night. I lived it to the hilt and let some other lonely heart shoulder the drama.
There's something weird going on at our house right now. I don't know if it's someone pulling a prank and trying to be funny or what. There's some ridiculously immature kids around here, that's for sure. So, it wouldn't surprise me one bit. But, we're doing a whole bunch of yard work and we have soakers and 2 sprinklers set up to water the sod on our front&side hills. One of the sprinklers is hooked up to a faucet in our garage, and the other sprinkler is hooked up to the faucet on the other side of the house. We turn them off any time we leave the house. Well, the past two time that Charlie has had a volleyball game, we have come home to the side sprinkler turned on. Both times the faucet is BARELY turned. Tonight we came home and along with our sprinkler on, our mail was on our front porch. Our mail lady NEVER puts in on the front porch. Even if we have a package. It's something small that's going on, but it sure is irritating and completely inconsiderate. That's money going right down the drain.
You had me at Hello
different at this age is your eyes are wide open. You don’t think how is the person going to fulfill me but rather how is this person going to make demands, what will this person cost me? At this stage of life, you have paid your dues, you have respect, you have children and grandchildren you love. I came into a relationship without a lot of needs. I became aware how wonderful it is to have someone who cares for me, knowing I am on someone’s mind all the time, has the right wine for dinner or just wants to
"Jerusa-what?"
AL “Church or Jail” Program Delayed After ACLU Objects
You looked at me
4. Why did you leave your last job?
And tell you about a reading I'd doing on 23rd February. It's called Hush, and it's hosted by wonderful Manchester poet Gerry Potter. It's at Earth Cafe at the Buddhist Centre in Manchester. 7.30pm. There are three poets, Ben Mellor, Alabaster Deplume and little old me.
Advocating a risky market fix to a massive market failure under circumstances of widespread market meltdown is the latest version of state failure. If, as expected, US President Barack Obama nominates Summers to take over from the neo-conservative now holding the World Bank presidency, Robert Zoellick, then he may be committing one of the world’s worst-ever state failures.
I WONDER: what kind of life my kids will have, and I wonder how I'm going to annoy the living fuck out of them when they're having it.
L: But there IS evidence that santa does not exist … It’s called your parents putting gifts under the tree. There is yet to be any evidence found for the nonexistence of God. Comparing God to Santa Claus is a hasty generalization. Just because you can dismiss something does not make it true. I’m sure you are well aware of the great lack of knowledge the human race possesses. You should know better than to disregard a possibility because it lacks evidence. I’m confused on why you are so confident to determine God cannot exist. It’s a very sensible theory with the knowledge the human race currently possesses, the claims it breaths is not illogical, just unproven. Your argument is too simple, it does not explain anything but the ignorance to look beyond the question at hand.
I decided to create a card to give to my Hero, my Dad, on Father's Day (June 19, 2011)
The young actress has been busy filming “Spring Breakers” with Vanessa Hudgens and James Franco in Florida. The movie, about four college girl who wind up in jail after robbing a restaurant in order to fund their spring break vacation and find themselves indebted to a drug and arms dealer, will hit theaters in 2013.
I see termites hatch
It's off to bed for me now.
2. Activity at the crown of the head: Tingling, itching, prickly, crawling sensations along the scalp and/or down the spine. A sense of energy vibrating on top of the head, as if energy is erupting from the head in a shower. Also the sensation of energy pouring in through the crown, described as “sprinkles”.
While the weekend relied on the hard work and co-operation of all NUTS members present, special credit must be given to NaSTA Co-ordinator Chris Leyland, and his assistant co-ordinator Kathryn Feavers, who have been working tirelessly since last year to put on the greatest NaSTA so far. I think it’s fair to say that their work has been incredibly triumphant.
"I see you can't walk straight, or can barely sit yourself down."
My heart lost its voice.
I'm not sure where to share my feelings about moving. All I can tell you it's very emotional.
To escape it, I ride my bike for miles.
The pain in her abdomen feels like fire and knives, and she can almost imagine the organs punching deep fangs inside of her body, draining her of nutrients to feed their growth. She continues to cry and wriggle about, actually pulling one arm free and twisting into the grasp of the other captor. She suddenly grasps the person with both hands, and smoke curls up from under her hands, as milky fluid begins oozing from bulging, porous flesh in her palms and finger tips. The liquid eats at the pristine white of the person’s uniform, causing it to howl in pain as the milk makes contact with the bare skin beneath. The other uniformed being, unaware of the cause, wraps its arms around her and attempts to pull her off. One of the bulbous organs painfully detaches from her body like some sort of cephalopodan creature and attaches itself to the other guard’s arm, and another loud shriek fills the room as it pulls away from her.
I will have something with more substance next time. PROMISE!
I think most of the people who hold this view probably started with good intentions. At face value it sounds much friendlier, and supposedly this way no one’s feelings get hurt and the pressure is off. But who decided that for something to be true it had to be pleasant and accommodating to everyone? Regardless of any good intentions, there is a giant gaping hole in the logic behind making an absolute claim stating that there are no absolute claims. It also shows little knowledge of the world’s religions. Keller elaborates:
Politicians hide themselves away
to burn you off in ghosted purls,
A BENEFITS claimant has been jailed for two months after he failed to tell council officials about a change in his living arrangements.
Winterson contributed to a Guardian guide for writing fictionand gave the following advice: "Turn up for work, discipline allows creative freedom … Be honest with yourself. If you are no good, accept it. If the work you are doing is no good, accept it" and "Take no notice of anyone you don't respect."
*Missy Higgins
I'd read more of the hundreds of books on my "to-read" list.
I hope you enjoyed my card to today!
Location: 25 miles North of Silver City
blowing around. I love the idea of a snow globe that actually lights up! She gives a great step by step that looks so easy to duplicate!
Of course, the irony is that if I hadn't accidentally killed the mouse I'd been trying to eradicate for weeks, then save, we could have kept him alive under rabies surveillance, perhaps preventing me from needing the vaccine. As it was, the six injections I earned for my foolishness certainly stung, but not as much as the pain of telling my boys that I was the one who had terminated their mascot. It took one particularly sensitive lad two long days to forgive me. Oh, the challenges of war!
Here’s why: Anything you offer in the world, must live within yourself first. Otherwise you cannot give to the ‘outer’. You might think you can but then its based on a need for yourself. A need that you subconsciously feel the ‘outer’ should fulfill through your own expectation. At the end, you will be the disappointed one.
Närke Kaggen has an amazingly complex aroma: thick hunks of chewing tobacco, deep veins of ripe fruits. A great unabashedly Old World stout. Unrestrained but classic. Black Note (a blend of Bell's Expedition and Double Cream stouts) had a huge bourbon and vanilla nose, and rich sweet flavors of raisins, vanilla, as well as strange burnt rubber notes. Too much seems to be happening at once, but then it blends into a perfect subtle aftertaste.
I was recently invited to try out a few pairs of tights from We Love Colors, and I jumped at the chance since I've been wanting to order a pair for a while now. I remember going shopping for hosiery about a year ago and being SO frustrated. I wanted some awesome colourful tights, and I couldn't find ANY. I went to The Bay (sort of like Macy's for you US readers), and checked out their hosiery section (which is actually pretty huge). I expected I would find lots of options since they seem to have so many, but I was really, really, terribly disappointed. They carry Hue brand tights, which I was excited about because they come in lots of colors. I started looking through the rack for my size, but guess what? Nothing in my size. I asked an associate where the plus size hosiery was, and she directed me back to the Hue section. I told her I hadn't found anything there, and she showed me my size. In black and brown only. URGH! Big women want to wear color too!!! HELLO? Plus size women want more options than black and brown. There wasn't even any gray. :S
My cool, suave response was, "Um, I'm with her," nodding to my friend. I was freaked out! This was crazy!
(My sincere apologies if you are reading this in some language besides the Jargon it was written in. I guess translation programs do as well as they can, but I desperately hope that all the nuance of the points I am making and the colloquialisms of Galactic Jargon shine through as both blindingly intelligible and bulkily persuasive. This is the eternal hope when words from one form of life are made to fit into words from another. Understanding other people’s art faces this same challenge. Its sometimes as if we were receiving transmissions from a distant world, messages from an all too alien planet….)
The paper dragon is trying to sharpen its claws, putting on some muscle and learning how to fight. China now has hundreds of modern warplanes, a growing fleet of nearly-modern warships and modern equipment for many of its ground troops. But there are still a lot of corrupt officers, at all levels. It’s not just the stealing; it’s also the many officers who don’t make the extra effort. There’s also a lack of recent combat experience, which eliminates the possibility of getting the best officers promoted and worst ones killed off or pushed to the side.
So I asked – How can the Ordinariate help bring these great figures into a wider readership in the Catholic Church? The answer? Find out in the next post.
Once you figure out how to attach the ruffler foot to your machine, it’s actually relatively simple. The up-and-down motion of the needle drives a sharp bit of metal back and forth, causing fabric threaded through a particular part of the foot to bunch up. How much it bunches per stitch is controlled by a little screw; another little lever adjusts whether the gathering takes place on every stitch, or only once per so many stitches. This means you can technically use the foot for making pleats as well, and control your gathering ratio quite precisely. Fabric tension and stitch length also play a role.
The question on everyone’s mind has to be, why is this in black and white? My theory is that it is meant to be seen as if through a security camera, which, for the most part, you expect to be in black and white.
This is a very early quote from the piece, but it sets the tone throughout. You can see pretty clearly that his take is Amazon is totally at fault and publishers were doing little more than defending themselves. Interesting take, particularly considering Amazon was the victim in this case, the admitted target of the pricing scheme that publishers (allegedly) illegally colluded to put in place.
The book leaves you with the final question; what would you do if you could change the future? Would you make yourself happy or would you save the world?
P.J. Hoover and the Andrea Brown Literary Agency, Inc. are excited to announce the May release of P.J.'s debut young adult novel SOLSTICE, an intensely romantic story with an innovative mythological angle. SOLSTICE is set in a disturbing future of uncontrolled climate change -- a future that we might very well be facing.
“But--”
2. The sequence where Godzilla is shot at with American "Frontier Missiles" does not appear in the original Japanese print of the film. It was filmed at AIP's request and added to the American and European cuts of the film.
You know the saying: “Pregnant women are glowing.” You have also met some of those women who “Just love being pregnant.” Well, y’all never met me.
Also note worthy is the inclusion of Jon Favreau as Foggy Nelson, as Favreau would later go on to not only direct but appear in Marvel Studio’s first self-financed movie Iron Man, playing a different character (making him one of only a handful of actors to do so, the others being Ryan Reynolds, Rebecca Romijn-Stamos, Ben Foster, Chris Evans, and technically, Mark Rufallo – see The Avengers).
Wow, I have no kids tonight and none in the morning. I never know what to do with myself when my son stays out for the night. This is only about the 3rd time in his 2 yrs that I have let him stay away from me. Everyone says it is good for him and good for me and that I should enjoy it and go out. Well I realized tonight that I am not sure what I should do with myself anymore. My husband is away so it's me and the dog and she isn't that much fun to hang out with. It is an odd feeling that I can just get up and leave the house if I want because the boy is not upstairs in bed.
My Mums Craft Shop started in late 2010 but since the start of 2011 we have expanded the company and now have thousands of products in stock and online. We specialise in rubber stamping products for cardmakers and scrapbookers. We have hundreds of different stamps available from various worldwide stamp companies including - CC Designs, La La Land Crafts, My Favorite Things, Stampavie, Whimsy Stamps, Whiff Of Joy to name but a few. We add new products on a daily basis to our ever expanding ranges - check out our blog for the latest info.
Here's an adorable Forever Friends teddy peeking at some Easter cupcakes ... I can't quite decide but they look to me like chocolate cornflake "bird's nest" cakes - yummy!! I so remember these from when I was little and indeed I could scoff one right now :-)
The Children Are Watching Us
It was also a tech nightmare. I created the blog on wordpress.org, which if you don’t know means that I created the blog from scratch. Every sidebar, every image, I had to essentially design and code myself. I’m amateurish at design and coding in the best of times. My strength is in my writing. That’s a huge lesson right there - PLAY TO YOUR STRENGTHS.
3. Shellac – We love glossy candy, but do you know how it gets that gloss? They’re often coated with shellac, a sticky substance derived from secretions of the female Kerria lacca, an insect native to Thailand. Food it’s found in: candy canes, jelly beans, candy corn, and other shiny candy.
Or maybe I didn’t even make the cut. Yeah, that sounds about right. Because I’ve got no rhythm, no soul, can’t dance or carry a tune, so I’m in props now.
It was an awful lot of hard work, the band as a whole had to push ourselves to be ready to record this record. We had a fantastic studio with Danny B at HVR studios helping us so much in the process of putting the album together. He was extremely patient and wanted to deliver a fantastic product. Also having Jason Hicks at Dark Visions art doing allot of work in the artwork and working with lyrics and myself to deliver the art work which he done a fantastic job for. Regarding new material we currently have a new single that is nearly complete. It’s just waiting for my vocals to be finished. We will then continue to write the second record and look to record in the winter.
And on such a Sunday in the fall, days before Ronald Reagan was to make his only campaign visit to an American college campus--choosing Tuscaloosa for its ardent reborn conservatism and Saturday church of football--we were talking about him. I blamed him for all the resurgent woes of neanderthal behavior: the burning of a cross on campus to protest a Black sorority, the dangling of the Stars and Bars from a house on Bryant Drive, the huge American flags flown from masts erected in the beds of passing pickup trucks--all responsible somehow for the moronic utterances by the students in my Introduction to American Literature class.
Location: 13 miles W. of Paducah, TX
Love, Ria. :))
Mr Loureiro pointed out that the existence of an administrative act of the Ministry of Health authorizing the use of the word "zero" to indicate foods and beverages that have no substance highlights the thesis that the term is merely descriptive and therefore is not eligible for registration as a trade mark. This is indeed corroborated by Ordinance 27/1998 of the Health Surveillance Secretariat of the Ministry of Health, which regulates the nutritional information regarding supplements in the food industry – it provides in article 4.1.6 that the terms "free", "livre", "sem", "zero", "não contém" e "isento" can be widely used as to complete with the requirements in the Regulation for food—used for the labeling "does not contain".
One voice rises, then quickly lowers
Abdullah Gul needed a favor. It was February 5 of this year, and the Turkish foreign minister was fighting a push in the U.S. House of Representatives to recognize the Turkish murder of over one million Armenians during World War I. In past years the House had placated Turkey by dropping similar resolutions. But now, with the American-Turkish alliance weakened by the Iraq war, the resolution had found renewed support. Gul summoned representatives from the Anti-Defamation League and several other Jewish-American organizations to his room at the Willard Hotel in Washington. There he asked them, in essence, to perpetuate Turkey’s denial of genocide.
So the items that they put inside of the case varies from day to day and changes from morning to night. At the start of the day are usually biscotti and fancy muffins, through lunch time and dinner it's things like tarts and cookies and other sweeter stuff, and then late at night (some where around ten or eleven?) they bring out antipasto items.
And the pièce de résistance, slow cooked pork ramen. FRESH noodles, huge chunks of tender pork, a party-in-your-mouth array of veggie accoutrements (such as dried seaweed, fresh English peas, roasted Brussels sprouts leaves), and of course (my favorite) a soft-set egg. It was so delicious, and warmed me up on that chilly morning. Ok, so I ate it at like 10:15 am. The croissant from the hotel had been two hours ago and I'd trekked down to the Ferry building on a cold morning, so I had built up an appetite by the time the stand opened at 10am. If I had a second stomach, I'd eat another one.
These same activists are pressuring states on their voter registration and voter I.D. laws and are working hand-in-hand with the Justice Department to sue those states.
Here's how this works:
my blood
At the airport, it’s a crime to even joke about violating the safety and security of the others. If someone yelled threatening things in a clear rage, they would be arrested immediately. And the rates of people being victims of airplane violence are much lower than those of women as victims of sexual violence. Why take language seriously in one case and not the other?
An open picture of the card ... I used the same paper on the back to tie it all together, and again my "Priceless" stamp. The patterned paper is from the Cloud 9 Mat stack that I used for my Christmas card earlier this week.
In other words, Ehrman’s book is important to Americans only insofar as it can be taken to support the tenets of Christianity. Since it doesn’t, even by Ehrman’s admission, I’m a bit baffled at the attention it gets. I conclude that all the kerfuffle rests on this: Christians conflate the existence of a historical Jesus with the existence of a divine Jesus.
there is a cure against the evil darkness.
As a postscript to my last entry here at Cinedrome, I've just learned that Cinemark Holdings, Inc. is presenting one-night- only screenings of Wings this month as part of their Reel Classics series. There were two of them scheduled, but the first one (on May 2) was over before I knew about it. That leaves one more, on Wednesday, May 16. Go here on the Cinemark Web site and click on the Wings/Reel Classics box at the bottom of the page to see if there's a participating Cinemark theater near you. If there is, you'll find it well worth your while.
"Just tell her to stay out of the garden" I replied. "And away from the staircase".
The babies made by Janine...
Just as vitamins and minerals are important to strengthen our immune system, so are fats and carbohydrates. So it is important that we include different types of food in our diet. However, whatever we do or eat should be in moderation as an excess of any thing upsets the balance of nutrients, exercise and rest required by our body.
Or consider Dix Handley (Sterling Hayden), one of the doomed thieves at the heart of John Huston's The Asphalt Jungle (1950). During the Great Depression, Dix's family lost control of their horse farm in Kentucky; Dix—who functions as the muscle for the heist masterminded by Erwin "Doc" Riedenschneider (Sam Jaffe)—sees this robbery as his ticket to buy back the farm and regain his lost livelihood. When the heist doesn't go as planned, however, a series of deceptions and double-crosses leads an injured Dix, towards the end of the film, to drive all the way down to that horse farm and eventually die, as horses surround hims dead body. Unlike Tourneur and Lang, Huston adopts a naturalistic style in his film; much of the film plays as cool-headed dissection of a heist gone wrong. Within that style, though, The Asphalt Jungle manages to lavish utmost attention on the desires that drive the various characters in this drama; we end up developing a genuine stake in seeing these characters succeed—a subversive feat regarding characters that, in real life, we might merely dismiss as mere lowlifes and hoodlums.
Acts 17:16
-You look like a playboy bunny XDD haha
Luckily, I did not end up buying it or else I'll be the one regretting big time because it doesn't come cheap at all. At half of the price, you can get a product that works better especially if you have combination to oily skin like mine.
With the feature in mind, I decided to put together a French Themed Week .. 'Somewhere in France'.. Art and photography put together from my trip last year, with a little bit of French Countryside, a bit of Paris and whatever else takes my fancy. So.. If you can.. tune back in later this week as I will be posting more often than my lazy self has been of late!!
“She likes to tan with me,” Krentcil said. “She wants to be just like mommy.”
Thank you once again to all the wonderful participants in our Summer Fun challenge sponsored by Sassy Cheryl's! We had ninety-nine wonderful entrants but can only choose three winners so - in no particular order - the winners are:
Jim Buchanan – Fiddle
So, how am I going to relate this to writing? Well, guess what kind of creatures show up in Searcher? Yep, centipedes. (BIG centipedes.) I'm not saying those are my best scenes in the book or anything, but they certainly were fun to write. It's one of the joys of what we do. We take these poor characters and force them to face our fears for us. They may defeat them (Jetta cuts a centipede's head off) or fall to them, it doesn't matter. You can always tell when those obstacles come right from the author's past.
I was surprised that he did not connect this to G-d's showing to Moses from behind, but as the author admits, this collection of tales is a set of tarot cards, a shuffling of many themes he has already drawn upon before. So, perhaps in his other books over the past fifteen years, he forged such a link. The inconclusive, speculative style of his thought on the page perhaps lacks a drama that, as I have only read, he possessed in his vocal presence. Parts of this are in Latin or Old Irish, and while some is translated, some eludes those of us less educated than the Causabons or George Eliots of our degenerate century. Such, on the other hand, is the discipline that rewards the adept.
This list is chock full of great outdoor ideas for kids to complete in their short timeframes. What a great idea to encourage youngsters to get their face out of the electronic device and get some outdoor time in and some exercise!
I’m sure it is obvious to my regular readers why I would chose to read this book.
For about $20 a person, anyone can visit one of the countless tube rental shops around the beginning of the river, enjoy about a two hour float down the river, and be bussed back to the original tube rental site.
always in the way, always in your face.
“Actually,” another voice rang out, “we’re not trespassing. I own this warehouse. Many of the people inside are my employees. Let me reiterate, we do not need your assistance.”
Opponents of raising the taxes that high-income households face often point to findings that high-income taxpayers respond to tax-rate increases by reporting less income to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) as evidence that high marginal tax rates impose significant costs on the economy.
Peace. Cal
he was about as "Arabian" as a Fourth of July picnic, casting him in
On the tongue – Fresh, zesty and smooth, with a sharp, full-on bitterness.
Long live the British People!
Serve with some fresh fruit and nice glass of iced tea.
I join in this opinion of Mr. Justice Reyes. I wish to add that I agree with Mr. Justice Bengzon that petitioners in G. R. Nos. L-3054 and L-3056 have no personality to institute the proceedings.
John J. Macreedy: What've you got?
Check out a Sneak Peek of Nas’ ‘Behind the Music’ episode. Who else should be featured on the show?
I am not affiliated with Starbucks in any way shape or form (although I'd like to think at least some of my muffin top is due to a Frappucino or two). This little giveaway is funded solely by me. Because it's my turn to pay it forward a little bit.
As you can see, killing your enemies with kindness does not need to be difficult in order to be effective. All you need is a kind heart and a little creativity. Good luck!
The Stylistics – 7000 Dollars And You
Her trip to India that week gave us the green light to head there free from any guilt that would have risen in watching her puzzle over the menu and then pretend to enjoy the food. Most times, I will admit (as she will make me after reading this), she does not mind accompanying us and filling her stomach with anything even remotely digestible to her palate. Still, being the considerate daughter and father that we are (here is where she will exclaim with a loud and sarcastic Oh!), we would rather enjoy this outing without having to watch her make sacrifices. (After all hasn’t she done enough?)
There’s plenty of room for both session beers and extreme beers to thrive, because they are so entirely different – they do not compete! That is the beauty and main raison d’etre of the Craft Beer Revolution: difference, variety, choice. It always has been, and I have been saying that for years, while other voices talked about quality, and smallness, and artisanal craftsmanship. Those things are great, but they are part of the variety that is the overarching theme.
I felt scared and confused and totally depressed. I don’t know how much the decision to decrease my hormones at that time had to do with my extreme black mood. I wasn’t suicidal, but I did warn Michael that I was going to work my way through all of this, and if I did get to be suicidal, I wanted him to do something to stop me.
I told him that he had no choice but to quit. Honestly I was more upset about the cigarettes. Marijuana is legal for medicinal use in CO and is growing in popularity as a "healing herb." I don't condone it, but I also realize that with it available on every other corner in dispensaries, that talking responsibility is the key.I tried to talk more about how he needs to be of legal age before he chooses ANY legal habit (drinking, smoking, weed) and that he also needs to have the means to support his own habit without stealing. He said he would get the cigarette butts left in Bryson's ash tray. He told me who he had smoked weed with and who had supplied the weed and the paraphernalia. He also said he had stolen some from Uncle P. I am not naive enough to assume I got the whole truth, but I know enough to change the options he has.
Sharing your story and feelings while hearing from others and connecting with women who understand what you are going through is a great way to building this invaluable support system. I think when you lose someone you love, there is always a part of you that is missing but I believe having this kind of connection and support can also help you heal.
Step 14: Freak out because I didn't prewash anything. D'oh!
(according to the photos and the little symbol next to the recipe, this drink is served in a cocktail glass)
· The Ronettes
Speaking back in the summer, guitarist Brian Oblivion told online magazine, Spinner that the group was, “working on a hip-hop mixtape of the album– changing all the songs up and getting up-and-coming rappers, guys like Freddie Gibbs and Lil B. That’s going to be really exciting. We’re dealing with a lot of really bizarre managers and interesting personalities.”
From the very middle of his left hand he plucked out an object. It came from his very hand, from what seemed like within it, turning from pink into dull brass. Guus stiffened.
She whisked me off to my GP and by the time I was there I was in agony. How I didn't clear the waiting room when they saw me pacing around like a wounded animal I'll never know!
Have you ever been upset with God or confused by His actions? In Psalm 39, David is both upset and confused. He is experiencing God’s discipline and questioning the meaning of life—even life in the covenant.
(makes 12 small muffins)
David adds this to ensure his bona fides in the Atheist Cat Club:
As Reagan's birthday approaches, as in previous years, my apprehension continues to grow. Last year, we made a donation to NILMDTS in her memory. We are hoping to do the same this year for String of Pearls. Other than that, we haven't made any real plans just yet.
08/12/2010 SELL 0.01 xauusd 1203.05 10/15/2010 1366.86 -163.72
Instead, I went to a high-profile Chinese doctor, knowing that Chinese medicine is not fast. It aims to cure the causes, not to mask the immediate symptoms. He gave me Die Da Wan Hua oil to rub on the shoulder. I knew, if it worked at all, it might take months or a year. Within three weeks, the pain had gone. That was twenty years ago. Until this past December, the shoulder pain recurred only mildly maybe only twice a year for a few days, usually if I put too much pressure on it; even now, it is nowhere near as bad as it was in 1991 – maybe a tenth – and only sporadically.
Cause home is in your heart
Dual LED flash
I did it like this:
"...think of your pet as a lactose intolerant celiac with high blood pressure (i.e., needs to watch his or her salt intake) and with allergies to onion and garlic."She shares some great info on what not to feed your dog and, in several subsequent blog entries, she provides recipes for delicious-sounding, gluten-free foods that are good enough to serve your human guests and are also suitable to share with your canine friends. It's worth a look.
To make the tart, simply place the almond meal, flax, rosemary and salt into a food processor and pulse until well mixed. While running the machine, drizzle the oil into the mixture, followed by the water. Simply divide the "dough" into two oiled tart dishes and press. Bake at 350 degrees for 15 minutes until golden. For the filling, I chose to layer brie, olive oil sauteed spinach and mushroom with shallot and white wine. Pile the toppings on your tart, and place in the oven until the cheese is melted.
and yes, we received our #3.
The plan of the Left has always been to shackle the First World and transfer First World wealth to the Third World. Tht is the plan.
bitter sweet
My first experience at a Disney park was in 1989..I was 12 and my mom and step-dad took us to Disneyland. We really didn't know much Disney stuff at the time, other than the movies we had seen. We went on The Haunted Mansion.
I look forward to you at the end of a long day or a hard week. I know you will be there for me. I combine you and a warm bath with candlelight and music and water with cucumber slices. If people have let me down or been rude or mean. You will be there. Comfort me. I’ll have fun with you. I’ll feel good with you. Guaranteed.
i'm a short hair girl.
The article quotes other literature big wigs, people like Mags Walsh from CBI, Joseph Woods from Poetry Ireland and Sarah Bannon from the Arts Council. It also examines the positive work that is being done by the Literature Alliance.
There are certain things we have to do and each one of us will do them.I will do my part you will do yours.I will meet you again after the storm goes away.And after there is nothing left here. After you will be rebuilding your ruined life.And after I will put back the pieces of mine.
Tonight’s blog is all about music and its profound affect on me throughout my life.
Warrior women and women of devote feminine spirit.
The scary wee bollocks' have had a few go's at the big screen. I watched the most recent one last night...'Dead Silence' by James Wan the same fella who introduced us to the dubious pleasures of the Saw franchise! Wan uses those potent plot devices, the ventriloquist’s dummy(AAAARGH!) and an old nursery rhyme to piece together a gruesome tale of supernatural revenge. Unfortunately the cast are so supernaturally shit that it’s impossible to care about any of them. The dialogue is dire and cliched.."If you go looking for answers you just might find them!"(???)...."I'm not the same person you knew,a stroke will do that to a man"...No shit!!!
I was walking on Robson st and had no intention of going to MAC but then I saw the Liberty of London stand through the window and ran right in. I love this collection and the birdy packaging. I went to MAC twice in one day to complete my haul and the same MA was laughing how she didn't expect to see me back so soon. My bf was shaking his head at me and I was called the liberty of london girl by another MA. haha.
Would a Venus man look vaguely like a human? “Why not?” counters Mr. Campbell. “After all, the human form on Earth represents two billion years of experimental engineering on the part of nature. It is the best possible form to do the things it has to. There is every reason to suppose that life on Venus, or on any other planet, if it has developed to a high level, has taken human form. But this form would have to conform to the specific conditions of the planet.”
Come by and say hi!
Black to me isn’t as evil as everyone thinks. I mean, half of the world is black when there’s no light. If you think it’s a bad connotation. It’s always been a darker people color throughout literature. To me it doesn’t really have that feeling.
Now, this is all well and good I here you say, but what's in it for me? Well, the lovely folk at Iconemesis have given me a case to give away to one of you, dear readers. All you have to do to be in with winning one of these beautiful cases is pop on over to the Iconemesis website and tell me which design you would like to see adorn your precious iPhone. Leave your answer in a comment before Sunday May 6th to be in with a chance. Good luck.
We most certainly did not, well except for a little bit at work, thanks to his amazing staff who surprised him with black balloons, streamers, and gifts and decorated his personal office. They are the best! Thanks ladies!
Normally, I would not look forward to teaching a course in summer. In fact, I try to avoid it so that I can catch up on research. However, this year a special opportunity was offered to me and I could not turn it down. For three weeks, I will be co-teaching a 3-credit course on Brewpub and Brewery Operations (HRIM-404) with a colleague from Hotel, Restaurant, and Institutional Management. The course has been offered in past years - always during our May intersession, but this is the first time I've been involved. The gentleman whose position I'm taking will be off to his daughter's wedding ... lucky me!
There’s no need to go into much detail about this place. The staff was nice and eager to serve. They were prompt and friendly. The salsa was fresh and tasty. Better than a lot that you find in KC. The atmosphere was glum. Décor is relegated to a massive lineup of plastic two liter and glass soda bottles. And piñatas. Ancient, dated-looking wood paneling consumes the dank space.
I would say she’s the most outstanding person in that video clip. As I said in my previous post, I don’t understand why I can’t recognize her face when all the team members are together in photos. If I see the video clips, I would have no problem at all. Weird, isn’t it? Oh, she’s also the lead vocalist.
Ninety percent of the time, the answer is no.
You ripped your chest open to please,
Shawn Church, editor of Random Lengths, a weekly publication for the lumber industry, said U.S. consumption of lumber last year totaled 34.3 billion board feet, up 4.3 percent from the previous year.
Ich habe diese Lucia Tilda von Magnolia verwendet. Die Papiere sind von My Mind´s Eye. Irgendwie wirkt die Karte auf dem Foto etwas eigentartig - in echt sieht sie viel schöner aus!
3) Spend more time Hiking the Applachian Trail with my husband. (The ZenHusband has already pledged his strong support for this one. In fact, he suggests it should be #1. Go figure.)
Yesterday, my suspicions were confirmed. My best friend has felt it necessary to deceive me on some many levels. All based around one subject.
AUTHOR NOTE: If there are any of you who'd like to help my husband and I adopt a child, please feel free to use the donate button below my About Me. Any amount would be splendid! I'm forgoing cupcakes and creating a 'baby jar' rather than my usual 'cupcake jar'.
1160 **D-III/26(A)/1993. “The Future of Legal Ethics.” Faculty Workshop, chaired by Daniel J. Morissey. The College of Law, The University of Tulsa, Tulsa, Oklahoma. (Incorporated in Item 1995(4), above, pp. 86-97.)
Fourth Etisalat Award for Arabic Children's Literature by Tarie from Asia in the Heart, World on the Mind. Peek: "...now open for submissions from Arab or international publishing houses that publish Arabic-language books for children ages 0-14."
As we climbed into the elevator, a little girl, not more then 10 years old stood behind me clinging to a penguin pillow pet. She was pale, and looked weak. On top of her bald head was a multi-colored snow cap. Next to us, a mom pushed an extra large stroller. Her daughter looked about 6 or 7 and was sucking a pacifier. I heard the two moms exchange pleasantries "Where are you headed?" "We have a spinal tap and then another round of chemo today."
What do you think of that? Jesus does not say, "If you brother sins against you just forgive him" but "rebuke him!" In other words, you cannot just lay down and let them run rough-shod over you and everyone else! They need to know what they have done! Let's face it, we and a lot of other people are pretty dense, and unless the offender is awakened to their offense they will go merrily on hurting and offending yet more!
your library and information management friends and colleagues on Thursday,
For several months now, the message from my soul kept resounding, "Let go." And yet that part of me--the part that has no fear, has not been running the show. And although I was often aware of this peaceful presence inside of me in the background, I let my mind and emotions dictate my actions and responses because they told me that I needed to resist the doubts within and hang on tightly with all my strength to what I am "supposed" to know. I had been taught that this is what faith is. I am now learning by finally heeding to the voice within to "let go", what faith really means.
We are now back to work at the brewery, and though we cannot always squeeze in a daily nap, I caught Byron napping under a mulberry tree and our son Cory sleeping on the tasting porch after our two beer lunch yesterday.
When I first read Three Cups of Tea in 2008, it was one of the most inspirational and logical concepts I had ever come across: fighting extremism from a young age with a fair and balanced education. Although it’s a bit dense for entertainment, Three Cups of Tea promotes a simple, yet revolutionary “big idea”: it all starts with education.
Get off your butts and FIGHT for your country, Americans. FIGHT for the vision of America handed down to us by our founders that made this country the greatest in the history of the world. If you keep sitting on your butts thinking that others will do all the fighting for you, you will wake up one day and wonder what the hell happened.
I wanted to share some yummy desserts/snacks I made last night that were super easy. They are both valentine themed so it was fun. Going to Walmart to find this stuff on the other hand was not. I ended up having to go to Walgreens because Walmart was pretty much out of anything Valentine related. Note to self: don't go to Walmart on Valentine's day because everyone in their mom is there too. I couldn't even get down the aisles.
Carl approach is to record the lecture in advance then ask students to view the lecture before the time table slot. Getting them to do this can be problematic but he encourages them to watch it by asking them to write 3 questions relating to the lecture. They also need to jot down when in the lecture (the timeslot) the questions arise. Doing this not only ensures students watch but reflection on the questions is a learning process. As Carl explains “one of the most important things in learning is asking the right questions”. The questions are then uploaded to a community space (wiki, VLE etc.) and then there is a poll allowing students to select their top 10 questions. These questions are addressed in the face-to-face timetabled lecture slot.
They are trying to latch on to what in the U.S. has traditionally been a day for labor unions to achieve their goal.
Yo-Yo Ma is not someone I tend to think of as a creative person. He’s a performer, albeit a technically brilliant performer. But if you’ve heard as many recordings of Beethoven’s Fifth Symphony as I have you’ll be well aware that a great performance involves a lot more than simply getting all the notes in the right order. Still what’s he doing in a book on creativity?
Favorite Detail: I love the delicate touch of flowers near the waist and shoulder.
Baby PalsBaby Pals
We attended the Mauldin City Council meeting last night, to help a popular local businesswoman try and SAVE her business, which also happens to be an indispensable upstate treasure. Democracy in action! Well, we'll see how it goes.
NOTE: the dough should be soft and pliable without being sticky.
I greeted her from my seat behind the library counter. Her face lit up. "Oh, I haven't seen you in a long time!" she said.
Over the course of my life, I’ve had dreams to write and produce music, travel the world and release a book, just to name a few. All of these dreams, and many others, have manifested into reality because I’ve learned how to move beyond dreaming to projecting.
I followed this recipe first because everything the author posts induces stomach growls, and second because her last instruction for the frosting was “bump the speed up to medium-high and beat the crap out of it.” Right on.
Clumps of jelly-like frogspawn and writhing masses of tadpoles in ditches and ponds:
Day by day, my two sons and beautiful daughter continue their explorations of themselves, their worlds, and their lives. Sometimes, they explore in steps both gentle and tentative, sometimes in giant blind leaps both frightening and confidence-inducing. And while I pride myself in living in the present as much as I allow myself to, I do sometimes find myself cycling through rich memories of their younger years. Today, as I sit on a plane bound for Vancouver and dear friends, I am thinking about toy stores.
Hakam Bin Hisham entered the city, destroyed the entire city, completely took it upside down. He got the king and beheaded him publicly. Then he went to the sister, and he said to her: “Oh my sister, did I not respond to the call?” She said: “Are you the one who they call Hakam Bin Hisham?” He said: “My sister, I respond to the call of Allah. Come with me.”
Red Lion Hotel Along the Way
Sunday 12th June some of the cousins took us for a walk/hike to one of the many local areas of beauty (Seymour Valley). We wandered through trees and rocks, paddled in the icy river water and fought our way over the Lynn Canyon suspension bridge (there are several swinging bridges in the area including the rather more famous Capilano one). Then, after much playing for the younger members, it was off to the very pretty nearby Deep Cove for a Japanese meal (delicious – and not something we ever eat at home). Here on the Pacific coast, of course, Japanese food (along with most other Asian foods) is pretty much everyday fodder so it really was time we tried some more of it!
I've explained previously that I am from Wisconsin. I'm positive there are many people from my state with a natural sense of grace. An innate sense of class.
Second, it encourages teachers and librarians to organise activities and encourages them to think creatively about how they can use stories and books in the classroom. The Book Chook, for example, had a whole lot of suggestions. Our librarian was very busy and worked hard to get other staff on board. It really was a big focus for this week.
For those that love cycling and wants to get a taste of being on the race track even before the professional drivers do, bring your helmet and bicycles to Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca May 9 at 5:30pm! For $10 dollars per rider, you get to experience the 11 turn race track and the famous corkscrew right on your bicycle!! Talk about a heart pumping thrill ride ~
to myself I had no clue where to begin. Now I had
The program was multi-pronged. Homes were elevated, using federal money. A multi-hazard mitigation plan was implemented. A volunteer Community Emergency Response Team was created. 911 operations were consolidated with the County. A call-in center was established for use during big storms.
Should I? or should I not?
“5.7-magnitude earthquake with epicenter in Azerbaijan, close to the Georgian border, sent tremors across the eastern part of Georgia, including to capital Tbilisi at 08:40am local time on Monday, according to the Georgian Seismic Monitoring Center (GSMC).
The deadly monotony of primitive music -- the endless repetition of a few notes and of a rhythmic pattern that beats against the brain with the regularity of the ancient torture of water drops falling on a man's skull -- paralyzes cognitive processes, obliterates awareness and disintegrates the mind. Such music produces a state of sensory deprivation, which -- as modern scientists are beginning to discover -- is caused by the absence or the monotony of sense stimuli....
Sabah BN has also been pushing for a royal commission of inquiry (RCI) into the illegal immigrant problem there for months now, with Cabinet ministers saying such an inquiry “will have little value” if announced after elections and that the issue puts their “political lives on the chopping block”.
From the video’s description:
“We hope that you will follow the currents of history, abandon the old practices of not allowing people to return to their country because of differences in political views, and use various effective means to permit us to return to China to visit,” said the letter.
I also created this "Happy Birthday" banner using the Mickey and Friends cartridge along with the Mickey Font cartridge:
He found her annual and the resentment turned to rage in an instant. A cheerleader and immensely popular in high school, Minerva’s annual had dozens of signings and best wishes, all from the most popular kids. Wayne didn’t even bother with an annual, he couldn't wait to be out of high school and away from those that tormented him for three straight years.
Cesar Milan, the Dog Whisperer, frequently says that dogs do not wish to misbehave. They desire, and very deeply so, a good relationship with both their masters and other human beings. People are the same way. Dogs cannot be blamed for their poor training any more than people can choose their parents. Nobody wants banal conversation, they simply need to be shown a better way.
Here is some inspiration from our marvelous design team.
Mustafa showed and told us of the conditions that he had travelled through to the airport and back again.
Half an hour ago I was on my feet, flittering between rooms to close the hatches against the downpour above. Warm water trickled down my face and arms. Now I lie dry and warm and cozy in our little cabin below.
Also, don't forget to check out the other participants
I wont lie: as the images faded and my two and a half year old and I were once again in our living room, there was a tear there. The time flies by faster than I'd ever thought possible.
Kelly Rowland’s sneaky personal assistant and right-hand-gal, Susan Hee-Yoon Cho, filmed Kelly belting out the popular and oh-so-dramatic ‘Part of Your World’ from the beloved Disney animated classic ‘The Little Mermaid,’ while in the shower!
On tap that night were the following brews:
The kitchen's stays clean, the sun mostly shines,
And the people who go down in history are the ones who do just that.
- A true story
I know Twix used to be in Celebrations, and don’t get me wrong I love Twix bars, but Truffles were AMAZING, and now I can’t taste another one for the rest of my life.
The shiny object in question was likely a fist-sized batch of crack cocaine wrapped in aluminum foil, according to a final report released Thursday. And Marin was justified in using lethal force, Miami-Dade prosecutors concluded in the first detailed account of the first of seven controversial fatal shootings in seven months in Miami.
Wait - I thought we we supposed to be cutting spending. How come it's going up? This is something important to understand: When these people talk about "cuts" in military spending, they don't mean cuts, they mean smaller increases. That it won't go up as much as had been previously predicted. That's what they mean by "cuts."
I don’t kbow what that …digital short was about. Th e guy wanted it to rain? Eh, what’s it? Whatever, I watched part of Tekken earlier on G4–which is a channel I didn’t know we got–and tje person who msot resembled a protagonist was cute. Wieird…there are moves of Tekken, Street Fighter, and Mortal Klombat. There should be a like a Marbevel v.s Capcom movie. It’d be almost as awesome as the Mariko movie.
1. Prelude; The City; Marion and Sam; Temptation
21 One Thing leads to Another
of dead dreams,
STOP LOOKING AT ME LIKE THAT AND FIND OUT WHERE THIS WILL BE SOLD NEAR YOU… NOW!
I know each boulder, rock and flower throughout
This is a tale of connections—missed and made—in a universe that seems to have its heart set on reuniting Ms. 6B and Mr. 13C.
Folks, it's high time we featured the work of this undisputed master of screwball masters. Milt -- if you don't already know -- is the goods. His comics are interchangeable with the definition of screwball: odd. zany, eccentric, and impulsively whimsical. His very line is screwy -- eccentric, spontaneous strokes that somehow create hilarious little drawings. A fellow screwball fan who knows his stuff recently coined the term "loose-scrawl cartooning" as a possible common element in screwball comics. I love that term, and certainly the comics of Milt Gross represent the apex of loose-scrawl cartooning.
And there were other incidents.
1984 Cauvard Corton-Charlemagne–We opened this to ‘pair’ with the cheese. Really, I just wanted to see how bad this one was going to be. Most critics would agree that 1984 was easily the worst year in Burgundy in the last 40 years. You can’t even find much information about it since it was so bad. Well, this wine was at best odd. It had a nose of an old Riesling. Problem was that it was a chardonnay. A dark color and absolutely no fruit to be found. It wasn’t repulsive, per se, but it was not good either. It was kind of like going out to dinner with just your brother/sister-in-law. It could be pleasant and even fun, but it would be weird and just not right on so many levels. Not rated.
Here it is again in case you didn't get to see it -
There was no clear winner in the French presidential election yesterday, so there will be a runoff in May. Appropriate, since who knows more about running off than the French?
New Zealand
Somewhere along the way during my childhood, it became a matter of grave importance that the phrase
9.Turn dough by 90 degree and roll out the dough about 4mm.
A small number of our nobility mated with the Normans after 1066, we, the ordinary people, didn't, another small number of our nobility mated with the relatively small number of Huguenot nobility who we gave refuge to in the sixteenth century, we the ordinary people didn't. Some of our nobility may be mutts, which is probably why so few of them give a damn about the country now that they charge for access to their country seats (whenever didn't they?). However, the ordinary British people did not mix sexually with other races to any genetically significant degree until after the Empire Windrush incursion of 1948.
1: SHIRLEY & LEE - Let The Good Times Roll
Each of us is gifted in different ways and we are each given a sword as part of our armor. These swords aren’t all alike because we aren’t alike. Some of us are gifted in scripture. Some can memorize it to amazing detail, divine it’s meaning for themselves and others. They can read a passage and immediately have clear understanding. Others are better at reading and studying in detail. Still others are best at delivering that word to others. Each sword looks different. They all have the purpose of protection and deliverance but they are all wielded in different ways.
Top 3 goes to...
The warmth of your bright smile, it would be forever
Well, the last few months, Beckett has made even that sort of detached fanhood tough for Boston fans. Beckett, of course, was one of the key figures in Beergate, where pitchers -- Beckett prominent among them -- supposedly drank beer and ordered in chicken and played video games on days when they weren’t pitching. Whether this played any real role in the Red Sox late season collapse is beside the point. It looked bad.*
Borders: Papertrails (white lace borders and the yellow butterflies are a border cut apart)
15 - The Only Thing She Needs
glory bushes moved from the back
She described a black hull with the ship above it painted white, and four funnels with black tops. The ship towered over her on the dock. It was the biggest thing she’d ever seen, and the three blasts it gave on its whistle were the loudest she’d heard from any ship.
Now, go. Fight evil in the valley of the shadow of death. Invade his territory! Go, stand on God’s Word! Be confident not in your own abilities – but in your general, who enables you to fight.
I do know I learned more from listening to this teacher on the way to lunch than I have from reading many educational blogs this past year. As well, I came away aching to continue learning from her; oh, I wish she shared digitally about her teaching and learning.
It seems my leg is healing. I have gotten back to getting paid a regular salary for the work I do. The weather is good for the time of year and I enjoy some moments of fun and happiness when talking to friends and being with my family. In short: life is ok.
As you do get a little older, again you start looking at how you are aging. It becomes more important. If you don’t think that is true, look at all the money spent for cosmetic surgery. Beauty is only skin deep but health is not. Health is the entire body. Your body has systems to buffer the attacks placed against it by your choices and your environment. Imagine walking by an outdoor fire on a chilly day. You enjoy the warmth the fire gives, but a gust of wind blows the smoke directly into your face. You inhale a large breath of smoke and begin to cough. Little hairs in your wind pipe immediately move to push the smoke particles out of your lungs. You eventually quit coughing. How about cigarette smoke that is inhaled into your lungs many times a day? It’s amazing how long you can smoke before you are aware of the damage in your lungs.
Josh Out
The 6/9/05 article said:
I get out of the car taking the keys with me.... although don't think anyone would be moving it in a hurry.
- Convenient space for feeding baby
Since there was a nice big circle and I haven't used my "U" die recently, out it came. It looks striped but in actuality it is just crimped. The sentiment is a partial - I just didn't ink the "you" word. Not quite brave enough to cut my acrylic stamps yet LOL!
Pamela Golinski. Co-chair of the LPTW’s International Committee, and a lawyer with 22 years experience in entertainment, especially theater. Featured this fall in the “Legal Elite” edition of Avenue Magazine as one of NYC’s top women lawyers. I love to help people get ahead in my industry.
The fight started after Eastwood rammed his truck into Easterling's car, deputies said
Well, it seems that ADM Mike Mullen, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, has
he purchased the home for $4.78 million.
Thanks Ruedi (I did pay you for them, didn't I?)!
"Say 'goodbye' to your plans and 'hello' to God's will for your life today!"
And I intend to be courageous with a fiery passion, as passion is what I do best."
We had lunch together, chit chat & share some of our interests in making cards & layouts... and we forgot to take some photos...
Now here’s the amazing thing about that bubble. The staff of Senator Joe Lieberman and Representative Bart Stupak wanted to know whether the bubble was just due to “supply and demand”. Relying on the expertise of Frank Veneroso and Mike Masters (two experts on the commodities market), I was able to conclude beyond any doubt that it was a speculative bubble driven by a “buy and hold” strategy adopted by managers of pension funds. Hearings were held in Congress, with guys like Mike Masters testifying as well as representatives from the airlines and other industries.
“Nick,” he says with clarity and certainty, the certainty with which he can now pronounce the name “Nick” directly related to the clarity that it was actually Nick who pooed. Which is a total lie. If Nick did poo, he didn’t do it in our house. Nick is our neighbor across the street, and our son has taken a fondness to him of late. What makes it funnier is how he says “Nick” out of the corner of his binky-filled mouth. Picture Jerry Lewis with a cigar. “Nick. Nick pooed. Yeah, Nick.” The lie just keeps getting funnier.
There's peace in the mountains
Michael Forest, with 229 credits, is still acting today, and, has a project now in post called MONDO HOLOCAUSTO! Last year he played a judge in THE SCARLET WORM. Here, he plays ski instructor, Gil Jackson.
VERDICT: I love a good stew, and this is a nice change from a more traditional beef stew. The sauce could have been a little thicker, but I'll simply add a bit more flour next time. The apple cider and sherry adds a lovely depth of flavor, and the crunch of the apple is really good with the pork. Yes, I'd make this again. All I need is that much needed rain and a roaring fire.
into the diaphanous covers
Now, while I can understand that a teacher would be irritated by the end result not being what he had expected, although from what I understood it had not been made clear that the work had to reflect the classwork, I cannot understand why that teacher was quite so destructive in his comments.
Poppies consume the desert.
I have two blankets here that my mum made back in the late 60s early 70s and my sister and I are mystified because the granny square she has used is not the one she taught us to do. I will have to have a forage round her old chocolate boxes next Friday to see if I can find any old pattern books. I know my mum taught herself to crochet from a book and patiently showed my sister and I how to do it. She also taught us both to knit and I turned out to be pretty ok at it although I haven't done any f'rages. I like crochet because it grows quicker!
Clearly, your idea of exercise is going to the gym and doing “cardio” and running on the treadmill, riding a bike, doing whatever it is on the elliptical, etc. The fact that there is only 11 minutes of action does not surprise me in the least. But this shit is HARD. If you've done shit like wrestling, football, boxing, etc., you know why it can be so exhausting. Imagine working pretty much every muscle group to its maximum ability at the same time, while getting hit with a 2x4. Oh, and there's a decent chance at any given moment of action that your entire career that you've worked towards your entire life will end in a violent collision. It's fucking exhausting. Exerting everything at once to its max level is tiring, even after just a few seconds. And you ladies with your vaginae can shut up.
No one knows if little 11 lb. Sky, originally named Marshmallow would have lived or died that day in Jaibalito. Today, everyone agrees that she’s one very lucky puppy.
P.S. Since this is a debt blog I thought I should address the money factor because yoga can be expensive. I received a free week, and will be receiving a 2nd week free after purchasing a mat, i.e. $25. I havent decided what I’m going to do after my 2nd week. :/
Gospel applications and speculations
Then I wanted to prove that my book can be as enjoyable as chick-lit books with big publishers. This is something that’s highly subjective, but it also means there’s room for making it happen, since having a big publisher only means a group of decision-making people liked your book. So yeah, the slow build of reviews and ratings are proving this second one true. My book is not for everyone (due to profanities, sarcasm and awkward Indian moments), but strangers who aren’t my friends have been shown to like it. So: done.
For all that want to know what I put in my shake, this is it:
4 test
Growing up Blasian isn’t easy. As kids of the Black and Asian races, we sooner or later learn that we cannot choose one side; this is simply for the fact that we just never look like one or the other. Blasians have distinctly exotic facial features: the flared nose, medium to thick lips, chinky eyes, and tan skin… these all make us stand out from both races. Blacks think we’re too Asian to be black — Asians think we’re too black to be Asian. In the midst, we find that we can’t quite fit in to either side.
“I like raising the dead,” says Feldman, “revivifying the past, and connecting with what was blowing in the wind back in the 1850s or 1920s.”
Belief that genitals will disappear or that it would be preferable not to have a penis
Next I used the Premium Crafting Foil to cut/emboss the accent pieces from S5-078 Persian Accents and sanded to use for the center. With The Embellie Gellie, I placed pearls on each peak and the center of the motif.
CV - resume
I have been trying to plan mini vacations for myself so I actually get away for my vacation to actually rest. So, I picked up the latest Sunset Magazine and so happy I did! I so am wanting one of these tear drop trailers. Even though, I do not have the proper car to pull such a trailer!! I drive a mini, but a girl can dream!
Samvardhana Motherson Finance withdrew its initial public offering of about INR 1655 cr on poor demand. The company withdrew its IPO on Friday as the offering was subscribed 0.23 times of the total book size on the last day of bidding. (Business Standard)
While there of course we browsed (it IS Best Buy after all)! Apparently they had a TON of those yellow ticket deals. You know, the unbelievably good deal you get on an item that has been previously opened.
From: Obama's Midnight' Deal Will Stretch Afghan War to 2024
There’s a huge time gap between Part I and Part II (blame IIMCI) but I remember the film as if I watched it yesterday, which is to say, I am reading the Wiki and skimming bits on Netflix.
This is so humbling.
Stretch and fold the dough one last time, than put it into the mould you wish to use. I couldn’t find a dove-shaped one, so I resorted to a pretty star. Still festive!
I don't have much to report about things tossed out this week. There's a few items and I will list them, but what I want to talk about is something else that I came across yesterday as well.
With the move to provide more educational content on the Web, a Student Web Accessibility Project was developed specifically to support accessibility of instructional resources on campus. The project had several components, including assessments of online instructional resources against Section 508 standards for Web accessibility, development of resources to support the creation of accessible online course materials, and assistance to developers in integrating accessibility into project planning and design of instructional sites. Findings were published in EDUCAUSE Quarterly in 2007.
Unfortunately, modern man has taken it upon himself (as usual); to “interpret” the mind of God even though the vast majority of them have never been in the presence of God.
‘Stand with me now, dear friends, and raise your glass,
I originally shot this early on April 7th. It shows Frank & Frieda in their nest tree on Frank Island.
The photo above is of a poster pinned above the entrance to the farm. It's a promotion for a documentary released a couple of years ago. 'The Nettle Fairy of the Resistance' is a close translation, the film argued against the power of the large agro-chemical companies whose influence in government led to some strange and unfriendly French law, an example being to outlaw the manufacturing for sale of nettle soup, or 'purin d'ortie'. The humble nettle is now the symbol for a groundswell of French opinion and desire to reclaim better methods of husbandry for the planet as a whole. The law has recently been relaxed.
I would rather be right, obviously. Is that the wrong answer? What? Is this a test? What?
another maneuver.
BUT . . . This definition of a blue moon came about in 1943 in an article written for Sky & Telescope magazine. Prior to that, according to an article written in 1937 for Maine Farmers’ Almanac, a blue moon was the third of four full moons in a season.
"You can never be complacent in this business. You have to build on any success to make it last. So on our new LP we're gonna have something for everybody – some rock 'n' roll, some radio pop, some hardcore rap for the street crowd. Something that appeals to every market, so that you don't get pigeonholed as the one thing that appeals to only one kind of person."
Can I start by saying how much I love Shannon Stacey’s writing. When I interviewed her this summer she let it slip that this story would be out around the holidays. You don’t even want to see how excited I got when this collection went up on NetGalley. E.X.C.I.T.E.D. doesn’t even do it justice.
Once we got down, we drove around the south end of the Sierras, a beautiful drive through a variety of scenery. The green meadows and hillsides scattered with oak trees are lovely. We stopped overnight at a KOA at Isabella Lake and the next day continued up the west side of the Sierras to Sequoia National Park where we stayed at Buckeye campground and ate in Three Rivers at the Gateway Inn on a wonderful terrace overlooking the river. See if you can spot the rainbow trout in the first photo.
These were the things that made me smile most this week, in addition to my husband finishing his seminary coursework. We’re one week from graduation. (Can you guess what I’ll be smiling about next week?)
This weeks issue comes with a "grow your own Cyberman" set and a pack of Monster Invasion trading cards.
Big Idea: DailyFeats offers a way for people to get motivated to achieve their personal goals.
Shall I one day sit on the vaporetto and be engaged in conversation by a young writer wanting to know what it was like here once upon a time? Shall I wave that writer goodbye with a castanet motion?
THE TINPLATE COMPANY OF INDIA LIMITED Financial Result Updates
Well....ok...I'm hoping ...well...I'm actually begging that I can bribe my way into getting to send these in. I'm going to send in an extra something for each swapper if I can still participate.
I’m determined not to let this experience be defined by that box of Chex, though. I have no way of knowing, right now, whether he’ll have to swear off gluten and/or casein in the long term, or whether we’ll be lucky enough to discover six weeks from now that the elimination period was all he had to go through. On Day One, I was planning to approach this as a short-term thing, and vowed not to go crazy buying special products or trying to bake gluten-free bread; but then again, I’m not the kind of person who can go half-in for much of anything. If we’re going to be GF/CF for six weeks, six months, or six years, we’re going to do it the best we can. I’m not going to let Chex cereal and GF/CF convenience foods become my crutch.
Moms, put away the curlers and flat irons.
Corpora serpentum baculi violaverat ictu
A signpost points you in a specific direction(s), but you, as the traveler can choose to go one way or another: pick up one book or another. Unlike a gatekeeper, I don't decided which books are available for you to choose (e.g. at the library or in a bookstore).
Okay, I wasn't going to be hosting anymore reading challenges (then again I wasn't going to be joining anymore either and that's not happening - LOL), but I broke down and started this one. I searched all over and didn't see one for this yet so I'm going to start it myself.
Everybody, get to work! You have two minutes.
Stir in a 20 oz can of drained, crushed pineapple. Then, think to yourself, hey! This is fruit, so go ahead and lick the spatula at 6:30am because fruit is good for breakfast, right? Spread this on top of the baked and cooled cake.
Now that the holidays are settling down and I’m dreading the return to regular life and having to go back to work, I took some time to stroll through the various blogs I check regularly. After visiting my old friend Syp’s blog: Bio Break, I noticed he awarded me a Flushie!
Here are some fun pictures that I took of Drake helping my mom in my grandparents garden. They were doing some Strawberry pickin'
“AirAsia wants MAHB to come clean. Terminal (KLIA2) is supposed to be operational by June 2012 and supposed to cost RM2 billion. What’s the truth?”
Draw close, lead us with you light
Everyone else on the course ranges in age from 18 - 21. Bwwwaaahhhhaaaahhhhaaaa. I am really going to have to struggle to maintain my believe that I am entitled to be there. And I am really going to have to try really hard not to become the mother hen.
(2) It shall, subject to law and higher authority, be in charge of carrying out the State’s constitutional mandate to control and supervise the exploration, development, utilization, and conservation of the country’s natural resources.
Thirdly mentioned was my tour guide for the parks experience last summer, my boyfriend. His second home is Yellowstone. He knows where to eat, where to camp, the names of the specific animals, (and I mean individually), the sites that are must-sees, and when to go when no one is around. Perfect fit me thinks!
So simple! You could make a bunch of these in no time flat!
CORAL FLAT BANDS: Options Coral 2” belly bands
"Oh ok, let me just forget about Lexi's party. I'll turn around and drive back home through rush hour traffic and deal with it. GO TELL YOUR FATHER!!!"
Apple and several major book publishers, including HarperCollins, Penguin Group USA and Simon & Schuster are being sued over e-book pricing, accused of conspiring to raise e-book prices to monopolize the market. The story, dominating the headlines on all the major online news outlets this morning, is not surprising in any way.
Do you need any backup dancers? Cause I could TOTALLY do that too. ;)
calm, the track definitely lives up to its name, transforming into a drone before
Out of revolution,
Eighth, take time to do things together as a family. Make family outings and picnics and birthday celebrations and trips special times and memory builders. Whenever possible, attend as a family, events where one of the family members is involved, such as a school play, a ball game, a talk, a recital. Attend Church meetings together and sit together as a family when you can. Mothers who help families pray and play together will stay together and will bless children’s lives forever.
What was their vision?
Finish off leaving a long end.
Release Date: May 1, 2009
A complicated process of hitching and doubling up the fabric and wrapping the head in the long sleeves enabled the wearer to move about with ease--even with all the swathes of fabric! In the video below you can see a young woman in the 1920's demonstrating the way that the dress is put on.
6 The Rain In Spain
Location certainly affects character. My Romans are naturally garrulous and largely optimistic at heart and congenitally emotional. Lund comes from a cold climate and, like the British, mimics that in her character. It’s interesting that we seem to be more interested in gloomy, dark chilly characters and locations at the moment. Perhaps it reflects the state of the world. We’re pessimistic and look to the north instead of the south. There’s battered beauty in Copenhagen though. And I did hire a bike and pedal round the wood on the city outskirts where the dark credit sequence takes place (it’s actually a very nice nature
Le Manoir de Kerledan is more than just a beautiful stop over, it is also the story of how a talented couple embarked upon a huge and daunting project to create this haven of peace and beauty.
Me: “YES!!”
I – The organizers should have closed off the right and left wing seating. I can never understand concerts where people are seated down, especially for metal concerts!
More extensive disclosure requirements would apply to IDS submissions after a first Office action on the merits. An applicant would be required to provide a non-cumulative description as well as an explanation, or a copy of a recently issued foreign search or examination report, for each document submitted after a first Office action on the merits. Where an IDS is filed after the mailing date of a notice of allowability or a notice of allowance under § 1.311, applicant would be required to provide an appropriate patentability justification, which includes the explanation and non-cumulative description required after a first Office action, and reasons why the claims are patentable over the cited document(s).
Thanks for my new followers and my old friends. Love all the comments I get!!!!
“Now we’es bumpin’ an’ stumpin’ all jostlin’ so stark!
Good Golly Miss Molly!
For me, learning this concept (and it’s taken many years for me to understand it deeply, in the core of my being) has contributed hugely to my sanity. Perhaps people aren’t as crazy or irrational as they seem. Perhaps they are simply responding to a world that looks, feels, and to them IS, not at all the same as ours.
Years later I woke to Vows broken like glass
The "security" people, who I guess were there to keep us from running across the street or something. wouldn't let us take pictures of the outside of the house, which I didn't get at all. I snuck a couple of pictures on my cell phone, but they're sideways and I have a new laptop and can't figure out how to use the photo editing software, so you won't get to see them, unless I figure it out. Sorry guys. I did get a picture with one of the stars though! Which I also won't be posting, but it's a pretty good picture. You can email me if you want to see it.
Because of Alabama's weak gun laws, Smith had been able to obtain a concealed weapons permit for the gun. He only had the gun a few weeks before the shooting.
Tunku Aziz acknowledged that he might have put DAP in an embarrassing light but stressed that he would not compromise when it came to the law.
1 kilo Chard
Adam of the Road by Elizabeth Janet Gray
Holland is hard but beautiful. One day, I will be glad we came.
42. Dr. Weiss, at forty, knew that her life had been ruined by literature. —Anita Brookner, The Debut (1981)
In the end, a nerve-racking tiebreak was won by Wellington, who will travel to England to participate in the final in Oxford on 27th November.
This week I thought I'd share a list of substitutions you can use in the kitchen. If you don't happen to have a specific ingredient, before you run to the store, look for a substitution. There's no need to buy a whole bag of self-rising flour for one recipe. You can make your own!
I am thrilled to accept this lovely recognition! Please make sure to visit this wonderful blog where Expert of None offers advice, guidance, and a good laugh. We all need this!
How did your January go? What are your goals for February?
From October 10-12 some of the best stampers are joining together to support and encourage our friend and fellow stamper, Katie Renz, who is currently battling inoperable gastric cancer. Katie is also dear facebook-game friend of mine, and I want all of you to know her struggles, as she really needs friends and support now more than ever before.
Unrelated to the winning jockey of the 1937 Grand National who bears the same name and also hails from the Cowbridge area, Evan Williams was born on April 3, 1971, on his family’s farm in the village of Llancarfan in the Vale of Glamorgan. He used to get up at dawn to milk the cows before going to school. He took over the running of the farm full-time when he was 17, concentrating firstly on dairy farming and then beef when the price of milk dropped. He also started training a few point-to-pointers in 1997 but the foot and mouth outbreak of 2001 decimated his herd and restrictions on the movement of livestock wiped out the point-to-point season. Williams sold his cattle at a loss after the outbreak and went to Ireland to buy 18 horses with the proceeds, going on to be champion point-to-point trainer and jockey in 2002. He took out his full training licence the following year and rode his first winner, Cherry Gold, in a hunters’ chase at Chepstow on April 22, 2003. Williams enjoyed his first big-race success at the same course in December of that year, when saddling Sunray to win the Finale Juvenile Hurdle at odds of 40/1. The winners continued to flow and Williams shot to national prominence with State Of Play, who followed up success in a handicap chase at Aintree’s John Smith’s Grand National meeting in April, 2006, with victory in the Hennessy Cognac Gold Cup at Newbury seven months later. The chaser has since gone on to triumph in the Charlie Hall Chase at Wetherby in October, while other big race success has arrived courtesy of High Chimes, who gave Williams a first Cheltenham Festival winner in the 2008 Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Challenge Cup Handicap Chase, and Grade Two scorers Deep Purple and Simarian. In the 2009/10 season, Barizan emerged as a top-class juvenile hurdler, winning a Grade One at Punchestown after finishing second in both the JCB Triumph Hurdle and in the Matalan Anniversary 4-Y-O Hurdle at Aintree. Williams is assisted by top amateur James Tudor, who was champion point-to-point rider in 2007 and partnered High Chimes to his Cheltenham success. He is married to Cath who continued to train point-to-pointers after he took out his professional licence, saddling over 50 winners in two seasons including the prolific Cannon Bridge, who chalked up nine wins in a single campaign. They have three children William, Isabel and Ellie. Evan is the son of former amateur jockey Rhys Williams. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2009 State Of Play (4th); 2010
On June 3, 1958 or 28 days thereafter, petitioner filed a motion for reconsideration of the decision, which was denied on June 14, 1958, for lack of merit. On June 21, 1958, petitioner filed a notice of appeal and appeal bond. Respondents registered opposition thereto for the reason that the filing of said notice of appeal and appeal bond was made out of time. Sustaining this allegation, the court, by order of July 5, 1950, disapproved petitioner’s appeal bond and notice of appeal.
To earn the appreciation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends
This tour will run June 4- July 2
The kids tumbled out of the bunk bed on their own and in a sunny mood. I sprinkled extra granulated maple syrup on my hot cereal, and it tasted ‘Grrrrr-eeaat!’ The kids got dressed for school, even helping each other out—no screaming or biting at all! Anette threw a few extra things in her suitcase and said good-bye—easy, simple, no fuss. She’s off to teach in Belgium again this week. Then at kindergarten, V. said, ‘Geh weg!’ (meaning ‘You don’t have to help me take off my boots, Papa. Take off, you hoser. Go to work. I’ll be fine.’)
31. My lips are registered weapons. Watch out, cuz your on my wanted list!
While I am saddened by this, I am utterly unsurprised.
NYC Assembly and Senate Delegations
What can an ordinary person, namely me and my college peers, do to help?
USP: The angst is far more mature and thoughtful than your average teen-years-riffing band. (Yeah, you, Summer Camp.) They also surprise, at times; the acoustic-backed opening of ‘Chair’ is sweet, but nothing to write home about, and then the electric guitar kicks in. Changing tack or adding instruments is in itself nothing new, but they seem so unassuming, almost amateur, at first listen that it genuinely is unexpected.
I was careful not to load my response with anything that would bias her feelings one way or the other. I gave her at least as many reasons to believe as reasons not to. I told her about the version of God that I created when I decided that the Catholic version didn't fit me. I tried my best to guide her in the direction she needed to go, and not the direction I wanted her to go. She's smart enough and mature enough to make up her own mind about what she believes. She's exactly where I was 25 years ago, when I started asking questions about my Catholic upbringing. That was a long journey for me, but I came out the other side with a stronger faith and a better relationship with God - at least for awhile.
Clematis flowers with black swirl design on soft orchid purple. A beautiful floral bridal shower invitation. Text can be customized for your specific special occasion. Matching products can be found at my store. The Clematis symbolizes ingenuity, fineness,distinctive elegance, beautiful thoughts and positive energy.
–The 80’s carried the torch with Tales From the Darkside (which featured a couple Stephen King penned scripts), The Hitchhiker, Amazing Stories, The Ray Bradbury Theater, and The Twilight Zone (first revival). But I would be remiss if I didn’t mention Freddie’s Nightmares. Robert Englund will ALWAYS be remembered as the Springwood Slasher, but this show didn’t have enough Freddy. It retained the slasher film acting talent and repackaged crap stories into a series that cheapened an already cheapened franchise.
ice skating
Only a collective and conscious movement of students around GSCASH can effectively strengthen it. A movement that collectively ensures that woman students feel confident enough to report cases of sexual harassment and are not forced to retreat owing to mounting social pressures. A conscious movement that rejects and resists the culture of slander, flaunting of male machismo, asking for sexual favours or harassing women in any form. Where women are not forced to constantly adjust their behaviour according to the male choices or diktats. Bodies and minds are not forced and tortured to adhere to beauty, chastity, housewife roles and rules – the prevalent feudal and consumerist morality. We must recognize that atrocious incidents like the MMS scandal has happened in our self-proclaimed progressive campus along with numerous other incidents of violence and harassment. The right-wing forces whose politics flow solely from fascism and feudalism play a major role in maintaining the oppressive assaults of patriarchy and its crude manifestations in the campus too. The blatant shielding of sexual harassers by various so-called ‘left’ organizations like SFI and AISA only strengthen the same reactionary, regressive anti-woman status-quo.
Greer’s contacts confirmed the PLF technology was acquired from ETs – and involves advanced cloning principles to create a “biological robot”.
The second reason it is unfortunate the show failed to mention the fact that Chloe is male is that this is yet another instance where outrageous male behavior is being reported as female behavior. As I said before, when a “woman” was reported to be living her life as an “adult baby”, messing herself and selling porn about it (and “she” turned out to be a dude): when you hear about a female doing something really wack, or read about it in a newspaper or on a website, and it just “doesn’t sound right” to you: It’s probably a male transgender.
Nava
It's bound to come, the show where they find someone buried beneath 500 1.75 L bottles of Old Grand-Dad from the National Distillers distillery in Frankfort, circa 1985. (That's the sort of thing whiskey hoarders hoard.)
that said, it’s been really nice to watch a game just to watch it. almost like a vacation. i haven’t had to worry about what pitch pitcher X on team Y threw to batter A on team B. haven’t had to root against my mets because i had the other teams starter going against them. and i don’t need to give a shit about the backup backup catcher on any team because as usual my first 2 catchers went down.
What I liked most about DF was the inescapable question it raised about privacy and national security. The story is about the NSA, an organization dedicated to breaking codes and intercepting potential threats. Naturally the NSA faces a lot of resistance by groups advocating for privacy. The reader is forced to form some opinions of their own. Would you mind if the NSA was snooping through your email? What should have to be sacrificed for national security, if anything? Who is right in this situation? Anyway, the unavoidable questions sparked a great discussion between Joey and I, I’ll spare you the details.
-The sound of thunder growling away in the distance, making me feel extra cozy in my bed. I wish that thunder had let to rain but, alas, not today.
At the moment, a town of 20,000 people with a single church might have one that seemed to be thriving, with a church membership of 300 and all sorts of activities and services, whereas a small village with a population of less than 500 might seem to be failing, with a church membership of 16 - yet the latter would be 'above average' and the former quite significantly below. A formula for deploying clergy that places emphasis upon population will never challenge the former to grow, and will continue to reduce the resources available to the latter despite their progress in advancing the cause of the Kingdom.
PM: 1:02, 3000' ~ 2nd Flatiron+Green Mt.
After covering my cake with whipped cream and piping a shell border on the bottom, I returned it to the fridge and then began to make my ganache glaze. I used an Ina Garten recipe, and it was so simple to make - just semisweet chocolate, heavy cream! I didn't want the glaze to melt the whipped cream on my cake, so I waited for it to come to room temperature first. But perhaps I waited too long, because by the time I spread it over my cake, it wasn't drippy enough to ooze down the sides!
Not all doctors approve of weight loss surgery on the young; some feel it is simply too drastic to operate on patients whose bodies (and minds) are still developing, and who, by definition, have had only limited time to learn other successful weight loss strategies.
So begins our favorite Thanksgiving read-aloud. This sweet short story of how the children in a Quaker family came to the aid of a very ill and former Baker General in the Army will warm your heart. Charles Ludwig was a real person appointed to the position by President Washington who really did declare the first thanksgiving proclamation by the new government in 1789. The resolve and determination of 15-year-old Lydia and 11-year-old Deborah is inspiring.
ABANDON SHIP
It looks like all the “bribes” to the people given by Najib’s government that have come to billions of ringgit thus far are not going to be turned into votes for UMNO and Barisan Nasional. The Opposition has a good prospect of toppling the incumbent government.
On March 19, 2011, President Obama, an African Descendent, left a “Bitter Taste” in Brazil, a nation of color, by launching an unjust unilateral aerial assault against the African sovereign nation of Libya [7] solely in the interest of Africa’s former white supremacist murderous colonists responsible for plunder of the mother country’s resources and slaughter of millions. President Obama’s justification to attack Libya because of an imminent “humanitarian threat” to innocent civilians was and remains a cold hearted vicious and outrageous fabrication, deception and war crime.[8]
As a Harvard graduate student, I came to know numerous radical activists. I have posed this questions to many of them, and in most cases only heard that “a new way has to be found” or that “it is impossible to understand the socialist future when living under capitalist conditions”. Other activists, however, told me that they are not against the state as such, only against the nation-state. That distinction is, however, irrelevant. Because what they criticize in the nation-state is first and foremost its power to command, penetrate and control. Unfortunately, power is just the aspect of the state that they need in order to implement their projects. The dream of social equality requires more power, more coercion, and more ideological indoctrination to enforce it. So even if the nation-state will be abolished and another, unidentified state will rise from its ashes, it will still have to exercise power; Lots and lots of power, in order to implement social projects. So we are back at point zero, and the paradox remains acute as ever.
What makes the skate boarders so special when there is a fee charged for most other activities. I am not suggesting that some subsidy may not be in order, but free?
"What she loves is what she shares!"
M Audio Microtrack II Recording FLAC
Given then that we have no serious crime here…I can only assume that it also means that we don’t have state abuse of public funds….what we have is Cabinet-approved spending for undocumented things.
We have also seen that the apostle Paul had the blessing of Jesus Christ in going to Rome. But whenever God is doing a work Satan serves as an adversary seeking to disrupt the divine plan. I draw your attention to 1 Corinthians 16:9. “For a great door and effectual is opened unto me, and there are many adversaries.”
And, Caring Not for Gold nor Groats,
states are allowing the local districts and event he schools themselves select the textbooks, coordinate the teaching within the schools' departments, and have all asked for parental input in that selection. But still, these folks who are convinced it is a scheme from President Obama to brainwash our kids amaze me. Do they really think he is that smart?! Or that he cares that much?!
Doctors will try to balance this by improving how traffic flows through their clinic so that they can spend as much time as possible with patients. Time checking on results, running back and forth between rooms, and waiting for a room so it can be used for the next patient are all examples of patient flow that can be managed and improved.
From: Milwaukee, Wisconsin
The Bi-State Authority members are not empowered to set toll rates, so they can only speculate what tolls may be. They also assumed that the Federal Government will allow tolls on infrastructures that have already been paid for as a means of fundraising for new structures (two new bridges plus the Interstate connectors known as “Spaghetti Junction.”) The Federal Government requires that toll revenues be used exclusively for the facility being tolled yet the Bi-State Authority thinks they have a means to get around this historic protocol.
And I am sure others around me are thinking: bitch ain’t got no time, so why write the long rant?
This book not only challenges capitalism’s traditional marketing paradigm but the very “genes” of capitalism. If any book is going to launch a New Capitalism of Caring, it is this book that redefines great companies as stakeholder value builders, not just shareholder agents.
Infringement Brooklyn is produced by a collective of like-minded musicians who, among other ideals, reject (to the best of our ability) irresponsible and unethical corporate culture. We are not a non-profit organization, and we will only work with sponsors who understand the Festival’s mandate, and who have been ethically vetted. If you’re interested in sponsorship, please email us.
It's the most wonderful time
See the shoes in the picture above - they are Star Wars shoes and... they light up... Nolan has been having a blast lighting them up. At daycare he and his friend Gavin ran around saying 'one, two, three - light-up' and they would jump to get them to light-up. The only rule I had for Daddy and Nolan when they went to buy shoes before was "No light-up shoes" and this time I'm with them and without thinking I told Nolan he could have starwars shoes. So now he has lightup shoes, we'll see how long the lights keep flashing. And because he got Star Wars shoes Daddy and Nolan had to watch the Star Wars - Clone Wars cartoon so he would know that his shoes were supposed to look like Storm Troopers
These are not all made using T. shirts . People often use any fabric they have ...including vintage sheets ...yikes that would be too upsetting for me ,but I suppose if they are very worn it's a good way to make use of them.
my one great support.
When the three Hebrew men, Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego refused to bow down to and worship King Nebuchadnezzar, they faced instant death in the fiery furnace. The king offered them one last chance to deny their faith and worship him instead. To this, they replied:
When Junior told me what happened I said, "Oh no!"
Today I will make my way to the Drafting Room and Sly Fox Phoenixville for ticket day part two. It will not be as long as yesterday, that's for sure. The real world is calling me and I don't mean the tv series.
A gateway mobile services switching center (GMSC) is a node used to interconnect two networks.
Anyway, this weekend I picked up a box of Valentine cards for each of the kids so in addition to the crafts we did at my dad's house, I had plans to do our own thing too. Last night Haylee scribbled circles onto her Dora cards while Ryan took his time and did well on his baseball ones. We put a little baggie of conversation hearts with each card so they could hand them out to their friends at daycare.
You can see on this crime website that it is fact that Loughton has a higher crime rate than Debden. It doesn't show the trouble to be concentrated to the high road either.
As for today? Well, what better way to spend my 100th day than with a general audition for ATYP’s Under the Wharf (which seemed to go quite well). It was great chatting to AD Fraser Corfield about acting, studying and battling it out in this harsh industry and doing anything and everything to get your foot through the door! It was a very encouraging chat indeed! I followed my audition with a session in my home filming some self-tests for my agent. A day well spent!
I don't feel bad in the slightest that this loser is gone, but I do feel bad for his two innocent victims, one of whom was still a teen. And of course he has to make us gun folk look bad on his way off the planet. Good riddance to him, I say.
We have been fortunate that this damaged presidency has occurred during a time of relative peace and prosperity. In times of war or national emergency it is often necessary for the President to call upon the nation to make great economic and personal sacrifices. In these occasions, our President had best be trustworthy--a truth teller whose life of principled leadership and integrity we can count upon. Some commentators have suggested that with the President having less than two years left in his term of office, the easiest approach is to let the clock expire while hoping that he is sufficiently careful, if not contrite, to avoid reckless and indefensible conduct. But as Senators, we know that the dangers of the world constantly threaten us. Rarely do two years pass without the need for strong Presidential leadership and the exercise of substantial moral authority from the White House.
I must tell you that I am one of these people who also … ‘talk’ with their hands!
It was a little time consuming, only because each layer has to be refrigerated before the next can be added, but it was pretty simple to make.
What I learned?
There’s your set up. Sonia is played by the Russian actress Kseniya Rappoport. She’s quite good in this role which calls for her to be somewhat haunted, mysterious, sexy, and there are other things about her that you can’t quite put your finger on.
We've had a chance to live with these pillows for a bit now, and I have to say that I'm a big fan of the long lumbar style, especially for a deep couch like ours. The pillows provide nice back support, but don't get in the way at all like big square throw pillows sometimes do.
“Whenever we go on troop movement, particularly on military convoy, we make sure that we have the necessary preparations in terms of making sure that our path are clean and subjected to patrol,” he said.
Thank you all for participating.
He continued caning me between the scolding. When he started up again, I almost freaked, thinking he would aim high again. "You aimed really high that one time, you know." I whimpered.
The news outlet reports Michelle Rodman is identified in the documents as a Costa Mesa, California resident. She is also requesting attorneys’ fees.
But, unfortunately, the pie is only so big! The civil service, corporate boards, media and town names have all been Africanized. The so-called 'Black Diamonds' (middle-class blacks) are nothing but debt-ridden dismally incompetent feel-good replacements for the qualified pale males who were forced to vacate their jobs in order to vindicate the sensibilities of those who claim to have conquered the eternal moral high-ground. The Rule of Law has broken down and the skills capacity to sustain a knowledge-driven economy has all but ceased in the economic powerhouse of Africa…..the only real hope for an African Renaissance! So what is left to devour? Not much I’m afraid - and heaven forbid when you lose a preciously creamy bit, like Helen Zille’s Cape Town. No real new sustainable jobs have being created, unofficial unemployment stands at 40% and the existing wealth has been hijacked by the obligatory greed and corruption that characterizes the post-colonial African mindset.
Did I mention Blowfish was not available?
This is a good step forward but making a "hate list" of specific things will only carry you so far and really it's better to let go of the hate and "accept the things you cannot change". If you don't do this, things will simply build up until you explode or are overcome by depression.
of our politeness.
So I’m concerned. His gifts are many and significant, but for how long do you let a child develop along two paths: one, ahead of the curve for his age level in many skills; and two, well behind his classmates in others? I’m not saying something’s wrong. I’m just saying I have to ask.
In their underground base. On Earth.
We are able to replicate their beauty artificially while leaving them whole, healthy and alive. Also, these two are endangered from deforestation and over development of open land by humans and we call it progress.
So the sign says "House For Sale".
Ok present it, yet if you are too old for specified individual shows, you faculty study a lot from these shows. You give feat a lot of new ideas for handsewn gifts with these shows and what is solon, they are gentle to do because after all they are for children and projects for children are pretty light to do. Virtuous gain trusty that you create downed everything you pauperization and try to check it as nearly as you can.
Even though the police put the race of the victim in the incident report, the media censored this information. A reporter for the Orlando Sentinel confirmed that the race of the victim was omitted on purpose. The Orlando Sentinel removed the suspects’ mug shots shortly after CofCC.org wrote about the attack. Then when CofCC.org readers began posting angry comments on the Orlando Sentinel website, the mug shots went back up a few hours later.Read More from the Orlando Sentinel
Birthday cards, gift bags, All Occasion cards. Take a call make a call, talk, talk.
Lots of great things are in store.
How cool is that - It's a timely, creative and fun use of blogging.
...stars that were dancing across the beam of light, gleefully shining, disrupting the flatly placid, still and peaceful surface of the lake.
While Ian's departure brought the expected bout of homesickness, it also brought an unexpected bonus. I've written more in the past week than I did in the three months he was here. I'm not saying he was too much of a distraction, but rather that I enjoyed having him around and writing could wait. Now he's gone, it's as though my psyche has said: “Okay, you've had your fun, now back to work with you!”
Torn off unused - nor wretchedly because
Saintly, straight-laced, prim and proper, conscientious - and perhaps even just a little bit sober.
Daniels and Charly Boy could not
And Boston…
So, shins.
You know what, this “empty jars” encounter (miracle) may never happen again in this world. God is super creative. He can reach and help all of us, in any way He chooses.
A good query letter is not difficult to write if you remember to leave out the irrelevant. Over the years, as a literary agent and someone who publishes other authors’ articles on my websites, I’ve seen some serious mistakes in query letters that have made me quickly think otherwise about publishing an author’s work. Following are a few tips on what you should and should not include in a query letter.
”Part of being an ethical Christian parent is admitting that we need grace as much as our children do and we always have. We don't exact perfection from our children by telling them how perfect we were. That only serves to discourage them. They already have a heart to please us, and we have to take the utmost care in nurturing that heart toward the things of God. We are not perfect--but He is.”
P.S. I love you Rex My wonderful Husband, without your support I would not be here posting my crafts. You're the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And freakish,
Details, pictures and reviews to follow!
1) If you call me, then stop talking to someone else.
LAWYER
"There are those who become disappointed thinking that God hasn't spoken to them
I sit at the island in the kitchen and look out. Outside, the world looks an oppressive grey and the hills sit in suspended animation on the horizon with rain-filled clouds sagging over them, waiting to burst. Autumn has applied its brush strokes to the surrounding countryside. Leaves have turned to browns and ochre as green chlorophyll is leached from the trees. Hedgerows bulge with brambles and hawthorns. Elderberry and apple trees bow under the weight of fruit. The swallows have gone but finches, buntings and sparrows flock across the country lanes. Fields lay bare; the harvest gathered and already turned over by ploughs leaves pheasants and partridges exposed. Next door’s straw is stacked against our fencing for winter use. In our courtyard, freshly delivered logs sit neatly stacked, ready for the first fire of the season.
9. AJ McCarron, Alabama – He’ll have better targets, no undersized Maze and not just a bunch of tight ends. AJ will have true athletic wide receivers to throw to.
And if you’re still young, what will you be listening to 40 years from now and what memories and feelings will it evoke?
And this is a loose paraphrase since I don’t have a contract in front of me.
I've been trying to understand a suicide for nearly 25 years.
The Breakfast Club
Next thing is something to release the air from the tires, one has to press the little rod in the center of the filling stub down.
The relationship lasted for just over a year until de Vaux’s untimely death from tuberculosis only two days after her 31st birthday in 1846. Over the year, Comte’s feelings became close to an obsession and each meeting and word from de Vaux took on almost a religious significance. De Vaux herself was a practising Catholic whilst Comte was a scientific athiest. He saw de Vaux as his moral superior and began to infuse his theories of the human condition with a more religious flavour. He concluded that cults and celebrations are indispensable for mankind although he still leaned away from Catholicism and the traditional church.
These are the radical activist. These are the people who are not simply ‘non-religious’ or unwilling to accept God and His dominion, but hate the idea of God telling them what or what not to do. They’re also not patriots, but like the current President, find horrendous wrongs and injustices with the USA – not exceptionalism.
I've used the apple from Heart Song Designs and the sentiment from Sending Treasures. I've colored them with Stampin' Up markers. The Purple paper is from Martha Stewart Cardstock and I have doodled with my Purple pen around the border of the triangular shape. The template to make the treat box is from "Pack-o-Fun", Issue Apr 2010, from my local library.
First, he takes out a couple of Andre’s employees in a bar with some well-timed jabs to the sternum. This prompts Darren to put Reese on retainer for twenty-five cents (a bargain if ever I saw one!). Reese then finds a couple more thugs named Curtis and Trim, and steals their Escalade. For the record, Curtis and Trim are the next great comedy duo. Trim wants Curtis to call the insurance company, but Curtis reminds him that the of them stole the car in the first place. Trim then suggests that since Curtis bought new rims for it, they might replace those. Hilarious.
english.aljazeera.net
He closed the scroll, handed it back to the attendant and sat down. The eyes of everyone in the place were fastened on him. He had read the scriptures with an authority and a grace with which they were unaccustomed. Then, he dropped the bomb on them!
As far as I can tell it is only available for purchase at Eataly in NYC. I have never seen it otherwise, but this is not a claim we have been everywhere. I have tried other Asian black rices before and find them very fragrant, nutty, and filling. This one is pretty much the same, and my favorite- partial hull, turns the water and any other ingredients purple, and takes up to 40 minutes, or more to cook. Then it is still chewy with a nutty flavor.
Thanks for stopping by. Will have my first day of school card posted soon!!
My husband says I keep looking for things I could find useful even if I had to rummage through waste. So yesterday I found this desolate looking flower pot in our old and neglected storeroom. I found another ancient and beautiful large vase too, but that I'll talk about in some other post.
And as we share and receive information, may we always remember to deliver powerful information in a kind way! Ask yourself am I giving this answer to genuinely be of service? Or am I letting my bad day become someone else’s? My prayer for each of you this summer is that you know each other better and that you have empowered yourself and your children with the Word of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. May this summer be your greatest ever. Please open your heart and Bible.
i still got it.
1/4 ounce unflavored gelatin
So has the ‘vodka king’ done his country proud? Well below I give to you my tasting notes on each -
This also uses plain white curtains, which I would trim with an orange fabric or ribbon.
They are both stubborn, both manipulative and both immature. They have shown this over and over and over merely in what they BOTH CHOOSE to do to cause me further harm. Think about it. He could have picked any other woman he wanted to prey on. But he chose a VERY close friend of MINE. NOT his, MINE. Why? Why not just go out and find someone else? No, instead, she made it so convenient by coming to him, to the home I once shared with him and entertained her in, he barely had to lift a finger to loop her into his “charm.”
Series I: 1-109
Szobody claims these young people have "a different view of how Christians interact with culture.":King lays out the timeline this way: The social gospel movement of the 1920s and 1930s aimed at transforming institutions, which was followed by an emphasis on saving individual souls, and then the Religious Right generation sought to use politics as a tool. Preserving prayer in schools, the Ten Commandments in courthouses and “under God” in the pledge while fighting abortion and gay marriage were their causes.
Right now, I'm sitting in a villa in Orlando as part of a huge gang of women who have gone before me, come after me or are somewhere near where I am in this journey of parenting a child of trauma. We represent mamas who've adopted from CPS, other countries, had bio kids, have step kids, grandkids, are foster parents and experience the gift of being on the receiving end of the anger at birthmoms, birthmoms' boyfriends, orphanage "care"givers, former foster parents, former adoptive parents, and anyone who've abused our kids.
Days and weeks are moving on. Some days are easy, some are very tough. The best I can do is to take one day at a time, and be thankful for the ways I have been so amazingly blessed.
Avocado Mayo (page 197)
This is the time of year when my houseplants reign supreme. Deprived of outdoor gardening, I focus my considerable nurturing energies on the plants that live inside, with me. I spritz them with tepid water once a day; I whisk away the least dry leaf before it can fall to the floor; and I have to hold myself back from over watering and over fertilizing.
Before I entered their house, I searched through my planner looking for the number and couldn’t find it, but I thought that I would just let my instincts guide me. Well, my instincts were wrong and next thing I knew the alarm was going off, and the police were there.
Anyway, enough waffling and onto the crafting. This week has seen the birthday of a friend who has become especially dear to me. Elaine is one of my Craft Stamping Quartet buddies as many of my visitors already know and along with Jo and Judith she has become one of the main 'constants' in my life so making a card incorporating things she likes was such a pleasure to do. Elaine loves nature and has a huge wild garden with lots of mature trees and I know she loves it in whatever coat it happens to be wearing. As it's September, I decided to go with an Autumnal look both with the colours I used and also with the leaf embellishments. Elaine knows one of my favourite things to do is blending inks over masks and as Chocolate Baroque have just started stocking some exceptionally pretty Prima ones which I couldn't resist buying I thought that's where I would start my design. I followed this with some light overstamping using a stamp from an Inkadinkado set called Autumn Fall which I must have had for at least 2 years and never inked up. Shame on me because the stamps are really dainty with lovely leafy swirls.
However, don't expect, honesty, fairness, or anything approaching truth from Channel Four or any Western media.
Alright, back to the lecture at hand.
The challenge is more than one fold, so I have made an Easel card, Ive used this lovely stamped image from Hooked on craft, called Honey bears, coloured with promarkers, mounted on Xcut round die cuts, backing paper is Papermaina capsule, Flowers and foliage from http://www.hookedoncraft.com/ the sentiment is from Cindy, Ribbon, lace and button from stash.
The change is unnecessary. Challenging this change also draws attention to the fact that Christianity is very much in favor of history, for it has just as much to do with our future.
Selevan SG. Design of pregnancy outcomes studies of industrial exposures. Hemminki K, Sorsa M, Vainio H (Eds.). Occupational hazards and reproduction. Washington DC, Hemisphere, 1985.
It would be a big problem for United because City might not be stopped anymore.
*A Copy of this book was provided by the publisher for Review Purposes
I was born, against all odds and to the amazement of every doctor around, in rural farmland to a couple who’d never thought children were going to happen for them.
If you do not have faith, you may either let yourself go, or else fight with all of your intelligence and might, or else seek help from anyone in the visible or invisible worlds. Heaven abandons the inert! the arrogant, who only believe in themselves, Heaven abandons them too; the fearful, Heaven lends them a helping hand which gives them sufficient time to harness their forces and them to work. But if you are a disciple you know that Heaven sees and watches over you, and that in spite of your being lukewarm Heaven will never let you perish.
Tip Eight–Stock Up and Put It Up
The answer was "no". Geary's London Porter always strikes me as a well-balanced, easy drinking porter with not too much roasted malt and a lighter body. There are some sweeter, almost toffee-like notes that paired nicely with the more intense nutty and buttery taste of the cheese, like a complementary relationship, with one side making up in the places the other lacks. Not that either lack anything as far as taste goes, but you get my drift; good accompaniment. The carbonation battled the delicious saltiness and lifted the fat and proteins that coated the tongue. A solid pairing, even for going a little out on a limb.
But, maybe if I keep doing it, then I might start having to let go less and less and then before long, I will have let go without even realising it...
That’s all I have time for today, on to Thursday.
What’s it been….64 months now?
Can't wait to go and collect it...
- Max Factor 610 "Angel Pink" lipstick
Then I get bored and turn around and go in another direction completely.
Stamped blessings,
KT: How did this project come about? How were you contacted to participate in this anthology?
I'm temporarily interrupting the Slayers' book trailer adoration and giveaway to remind you that the Slayers book launch is tomorrow at Changing Hands book store at 7:00 pm 6428 S Mcclintock Dr, Tempe, AZ
The Sixers have become one of the most well rounded teams in the league. They can do a little bit of everything well and Doug Collins has them believing that they can beat anyone in the league. When this season is all said and done, expect to hear Collins name pop up quite a bit for coach of the year barring a catastrophic meltdown on the Sixers part which I do not expect. The Sixers have done a great job since their horrible start of avoiding long losing streaks.
Anything you see at the Notting Hill Gate Picturehouse is enhanced by the utterly beautiful surroundings. Comfy velvet seats! Beautiful walls and ceilings! Posh snacks!
The thirty-three poems found within the covers of her latest poetry collection, Shadow Crossing are often enigmatic, although some general comments can be proffered. The first eleven poems are grouped under the section title, “The Path of No Return.” Here, the “path” can, perhaps, be interpreted as the arc of an individual life, as the poems tend to deal with significant, formative experiences, the cruelty, absurdity and mystery of life and possible responses to such. The first poem, “In Apogee,” lays out the need to understand the forces that shape us, in its opening lines:
A million baby kisses I’m gonna deliver
I didn’t strategise how I would show them
1/2 T cornstarch if needed
In all cases, smoking should be avoided. Since alcohol can irritate the throat, consumption may need to be limited.
What I long to learn now, and what these journeys of adoption have been teaching me, is to release my children to their Father every day. To parent out of a place of faith and grace. Faith that God is in control, and He loves these precious little ones far more than I do. Grace to let them be who God created them to be and not burden them with heavy expectations or the worries of a mom who always fears for them.
3. Turn down the heat and simmer for 4-5 minuts.
Economist Arthur Laffer, a leader in the private efforts to eliminate Tennessee’s inheritance tax, told a state legislative committee Monday that FedEx president, chairman and CEO Fred Smith told him last week that “he’s gettin’ out of this state” if the bill repealing the tax doesn’t pass the legislature.
1085. Fried Egg Biscuits @ Mundy’s House (Charlotte, NC) 9:12 a.m.
William W. McGuirea
The Orthodox Church in the middle of the graveyard was closed and seemed to only in use for funerals. A few burials have taken place since WWII but not many.
We are always available to assist and support you as you release any limited patterns of fear and own the responsibility and title of Emissary of Love. We celebrate with you as you joyfully allow divine love to bathe every aspect of your life and experience and expand into your true Self. We offer you our love as well as our gratitude. the ‘team’
3. There is something growing in my compost pile. Since this photo I have noticed either cucumber or squash plants coming out everywhere. Amazing how I can do NOTHING to them and they love it here but growing them in the garden dirt can be such a struggle. Just goes to show you how important organic matter is to seeds.
A new event sponsored by Buckaroo Book Shop (AKA OutWest) were some literary panels. I especially loved the discussion of True Grit, comparing the two films to the book. It was chaired by C. Courtney Joyner who told us things I never knew, e.g. that Charles Portis himself wrote the alternate ending for the John Wayne version of the film!
What I did.
Then a happy stroll down to the Park and the Glorietta where free outdoor tango is happening again. Summer is coming!
“Two down,” her sick mind informed her sardonically as she stepped over the corpse of the captain. She bent to pick up the little ceramic lamp and filled it with oil from the captain’s flask. When the lamp flickered to life, she found she was in a room shaped much like the one above, except this one was carved and polished rock salt. Shining like crystal, the chamber was a faceted dome with the stone ladder descending like a column down the center. Four carved archways, spaced equally, led from the room. There was a tinkling sound coming from each, and Sharia gasped to see small streams of water running down the center of each hallway to splash through grates at the threshold of each as they entered the chamber where she stood. She had lost her sense of direction, and so turned to the nearest.
and a good one coming from blogging and online forums:
La Fuga (Argentina…Luis Saslovsky)
Designed the logo below for our up and coming team. Mostly all vector art.
It would simple be... nowhere
Lopez’s girlfriend, Ridgewood Bushwick Housing Director Angela Battaglia, reviews every issue personally before it goes to press, according to Ridgewood Bushwick sources. And Lopez is the publication’s primary focus.
Helen Fitzgerald blesses our libraries. And me too. My PLR is nowhere near as large as Helen's, but it took Ewan and I out for dinner at one of my favourite places, where I have discovered the joys of Hacienda de Chihuahua Crema de Sotol. Best of all though, is the thought that all those people were interested enough to borrow OLD DOGS. Thank you library users. That's the best thrill for me.
93% of Balinese are Hindu’s. If you tell them that you are Indian, their eyes light up with a spark of recognition, “Are you Hindu?” they ask immediately, wanting to find common grounds to identify with you. The Balinese are not extremist’s, but are devout in the worship, and carry on with their daily processions in fun nonchalance. Almost every day there is a procession, as lines of men and women wearing white wrap around’s that look very much like the Indian dhoti teemed with white shirts for the men, and transparent white laced tops for the women, with colorful turbans tied royally around the heads of men, walk the streets, with flowers and song.
Kate Pierson & Iggy Pop Candy US
Both the boys opted for the steak – they’re such copycats!! The steak was OK – cooked fairly well – but not a patch on a good gastropub steak! Check out Hotel Lincoln‘s or the Station Hotel‘s for a better steak (at a better price).
Hopefully your corner of the world had the same awesome spring weather we had in my corner of the world. Clear skies, warm temperatures - perfect day to spend hours working in the yard. Which is exactly why I did anything but work in the yard. Yard work sucks, and time is better spent having fun, so today included sleeping in, getting breakfast, finalizing some gifts, getting the dogs' nails trimmed, going for a bike ride on the Schuykill River Trail, getting an afternoon beer, stocking the beer/wine cellar at Total Wine, and dinner at Fellini's. Couldn't ask for anything more. Except for a gardener to clean up the yard... it looks like the Amazon rain forest out there.
* "The Smoking Room" by Shirley Jackson
Flopsy: Really? What do they do?
Serves 1, but easily multiplied
Garlic*
that did not stop me from making videos though and after several videos, i admit, i terhanyut. i was noob then. i was overwhelmed with the attention i got from my videos that i got over my head. lagi lagi after the scarflets. we got called for photoshoots, we received invitations to events, and all that jazz. in the beginning, it was very exciting. but alas, it's very misleading..
Honestly, I have no idea. I know I hate being home alone with S, and I know that is what I do all of the time. But recently I had an evening without him-- and I had no idea what to do with myself. What did I even do before I had kids? How did I spend my time? What made me happy?
But enough about that...
A lot has to do with my mental health. I can combat fatigue with activity. The more active I am, the less I notice the fatigue. It’s still there, and I require more recovery time than someone of my age. When I give in to fatigue and allow it to drag me down into a morass of pain and inactivity, I feel every step, every motion of activity. A simple walk down the driveway requires hours of rest. It’s a matter of overcoming that hurdle and DOING that makes each step easier. I can’t accomplish it overnight, but I can accomplish it.
You can, of course, take some box and cut this in a required shape.
I'm fine, miraculously. I have a beautiful clean room and a beautiful boy. I feel as if I cheated on you and you know it, but besides that....
And now for the cookies. I made these a few days ago for my brother who is down in the Sacramento area playing in a high school basketball tournament (send him good vibes for me please). Although he was happy to be playing basketball, he was not so thrilled about spending half of his Christmas break away from home. In order to cheer him up, I baked a big batch of m&m cookies for him to take along with him (and of course I saved a few for myself).
I hope you all had lots of turkey on Thanksgiving Day and are enjoying the short work week...
WIN IT: One reader will win an advanced copy of The Forgiven Duke
The Angel is quietly laughing to himself as the man finishes his story.
ideas and have been surfing homeschooler blogs
advertising content. Every fifth page view in a Digital Publishing Suite magazine app is an advertisement. Interactivity, which includes Web other overlays can also have a profound impact on a reader’s digital content consumption and engagement, with readers interacting with nearly half (48 percent) of all interactive features in Digital Publishing Suite apps. Out of the variety of interactive overlays included in applications, Web views and videos are the two types most frequently
New Horizons COOP: 12143 State Highway 35, Patch Grove, WI 53817, 608-994-2756. Offers B5 (good for any diesel engine). Open 24 HRS.
An elementary boundary review is occurring in the Northwest Oakville area. Parent/guardians of students attending Abbey Lane PS, Captain R. Wilson PS, Emily Carr PS, Forest Trail PS, Heritage Glen PS, Palermo PS, Pilgrim Wood PS and West Oak PS were notified in January 2012 of the boundary review process.
They just live across town, so I sneak it into their mailbox, special delivery - same as always, for eight years running.
Most of the time we approach a situation or a circumstance with a predetermined ideology.
Anyways, here is something "sweet" we did last week... and please forgive my crooked pictures!!
And you can use headphones with the Tag system. For parents who have way too many noise making toys, this can be wonderful! Or if you've got 2 kids who both want to play with some noise making toys in the car and they keep yelling at each to "be quiet so I can hear!", this is a nice feature.
- pencil
As always the Treacy family and their exemplary team headed by the never-ageing Niamh O Shea looked after us with that characteristic “warmth beyond the smile”. This year Padraig Treacy went the extra mile. Or, rather, the extra 10 miles by leading us on a wilderness walk that took us across the side of Tomies Mountain and back to the lakeshore at Dinis Cottage. It was a challenging walk with that vague edge of soft danger to it leaving you with a real sense of achievement at the end. The scenery was breathtaking, sufficient to render a predominantly female group speechless from time and time and evoking in us all what Wordsworth called that “serene and blessed mood”.
If there is something coming up that is not listed, we would love to hear about it. News, reviews, info, etc., to share for our next Random Beer Roundup can be submitted to hoosierbeergeek@gmail.com. Don't see your favorite craft beer establishment? Let them know you'd like to see them here! Work for an establishment that serves craft beer? We want to hear from you too!
I got my first full week of work in for my momma, and it has been INSANE. There is so much work to be done, more than I expected. It’s pretty awesome though, we decided my new title is Administrative Specialist. That means…well…I don’t know exactly but pretty much, I am catching up on everything that is behind (and there is a LOT), I am creating/editing/adjusting job descriptions and doing the training on the new procedures and rules. It’s a pretty intense job compared to what I have done the past two years, compared to what I have been doing for my mom the past 5 months. I love it, but I am going to be so so so happy once it’s all done. The pressure is on too, because we want this big job done by the end of the year. I also am going to be starting college again in January, and taking a full schedule, so the time and availability to be working so much is going straight out the window. All this heavy workload MUST be done before I go back. Period.
After my first week, I had already been handed a number of projects, mainly building media proposals for perspective clients, in addition to my media buying responsibilities. Frankly, I was startled by the volume of work being throw my way. Suddenly I was feeling utilized and needed again, and I was being stretched professionally in ways I never thought possible. But I thrive on that and enjoy developing efficiency procedures for myself which enable me to turn projects around more quickly and hand them off upon completion.
400g of thinly sliced turkey (about 1 1/4 pound)
A broken plastic fireman’s hat.
7:50 - Girls up: morning fun time together
I have been chosen from a group of international artists to participate in a show in Italy titled "PIMP MY MARY!" The premise of the shows is "The project born from the need to communicate a strong disagreement and separation from commercialization of the icon itself"
First spot to go was on my hip. Didn’t feel a thing. I got an enormous bandage that sort of looked like perhaps a rabid animal had bitten me. Maybe even a shark. I was an enormous baby by the end of the first day. But, the following day it was fine. I removed the giant bandage and replaced it with a little teeny one. I skipped the gym for a few days, haven’t been swimming in 2 weeks and have been going through hydrogen peroxide like it’s going out of style.
& click update & that will place us in your newsstand ap.
entertainment and fads in urban culture.
letting me know with a link to your blog post.
Mike Sorrentino – Drums (Blackmore's Night; Zebra)
Derere bought maize about four times. Then on the fifth time Dotito said, “Can we finish our food and give it to you?” He refused to give them their green maize. Then Derere was very angry. He gathered his people and fought against the vaRozwi and conquered them. Their chief Dotito and others were killed, and some ran away. Derere took everything they had from those people. After this Derere was the chief of all the Chishawasha section. Then Derere and his people went around all Chishawasha looking for good lands and water as well as gardens. Then they were very happy.
Brenda E. Conway, 40, New York, N.Y.
But for me personally, the signposts on the album that indicate routes down the ‘Punk’ or ‘Reggae’ tracks would seem more attractive. If I may digress just briefly: the only two tracks I’m aware of Poly performing in recent years were ‘alternative’ Christmas songs. The first was a duet with Goldblade frontman, John Robb (another who can do nothing wrong in my book!) called ‘City of Christmas Ghosts.’ This is essentially a stomping punk anthem of a song.
I want something more. I love to have experiences in my life. I live my life with passion in everything I do.
Rachel wondered if that made sense, or was she just being foolish?
As 2011 gasps its last breath, perchance are we witnessing the agenda being set for 2012?
My journey into the music media industry has been a relatively easy one – thus far. Yes, I’m no big shot, and getting pieces published are still as rare a spectacle as a two-tone wearing khaki boer – comb in socks – attending an In Flames concert. But through various endeavours, and special arrangements, I have had the privilege to interview some of the big boys within the musical playing field. Taking my interviews, and the pieces I write very serious – I make it a priority to not only be well rehearsed, but also in possession of a different and unique set of questions, that will make my interview as memorable – as an interview can possibly be. I want bands and musicians to step away from my interview thinking, “Fresh perspective, down to earth line of thought – not just another mind numbing interview – something worthwhile. “
I’ll fall down;
The bullpen was utilized heavily as Erik Bedard was pulled with only 3 pitches into the 2nd inning with back spasms. Using 5 different pitchers in 8 innings, the Pirates bullpen allowed only 1 earned run in the 7th inning off Juan Cruz. Closer Joel Hanrahan tried to redeem himself for last night's blown save, but made it very interesting by loading the bases with only 1 out in the 9th before he got Bryce Harper to pop out and Ryan Zimmerman to strike out leaving the bases loaded.
If you read robinsoncrusoe.com, you'd think that you were privy to the private thoughts of a lonely sailor trapped on a tiny island. You'd never know that every word was actually written by a man sitting at his desk in his comfortable house in Stoke Newington, hiding behind the screen of a pseudonym, which allows him to be whoever he wants.
Gen uis in spirit
ie
This is it then...To always be alone, waiting for my Prince, my Saviour to save me from my empty lonely heart (PASS ME A BUCKET MUCH?)
1. Chocolate Raspberry Truffle Torte--The deep chocolate flavor and silky texture of this torte will make you swoon. And the eye-popping and taste bud-bursting raspberries don't hurt either.
Subject matter is an important element in novel writing. What, who and when are issues that can determine the impact a novelist makes on the publishing community. For a publisher, marketing issues are paramount. Since the public is notoriously fickle in its interests, the publishing marketer often has to anticipate what will most engage the public mind in the twelve to eighteen months it will take for a mainstream publisher to produce and market a book. For non-fiction it is a lot easier to anticipate. For fiction, publishers need to consult a psychic.
We've come a long way downhill since those critical decades. Today, the suggestion that there should be any topics, any areas of enterprise, or any venues of human interaction deemed off limits to the State is considered "controversial." Property is now considered conditional. A man's body is a thing to be regulated and "protected" by political force. Even freedom of speech is widely regarded as a charming vestige of a primitive time: something our forebears could tolerate, but which our "more complex era" cannot afford. In all things, the needs of the State come first -- and woe to him who thinks to stand in its way.
calligraphy major.
And the sweet silver song of a lark.
The hotel proprietor then lays the 100 Euro note back on the counter so that the rich tourist will not suspect anything.
All shall watch while I cavort with fury
See the market place in old Algiers
Guest Designer, I will be contacting you with information about next week's Challenge! :)
A palpable presence........
A few days ago my toddler and I were doing a yard clean up (well, I was raking and she was sprawled on her stomach, completely covered in dirt, digging in my veggie raised bed with her bare hands, she totally takes after me) and I noticed the box had fallen in the wind storm the New England coast went through a few weeks ago. Meteorologists say we had winds up to 80 miles an hour and damage equivalent to a category two hurricane.
rising from the pan
the scent of that guilty middle finger to my nose.
6. How to love both my girls enough. I want my girls to always know that Mommy is on their side. That I am for them. That I always will be. I want them to be secure in the love I have for them.
Fenugreek seeds – 1/4 teaspoon
Independent People ~ by Halldor Laxness (Iceland)
Plums
2.6.10 - Drinking a New Belgium La Folie and dumped the dregs of this sour brown into primary with the other bugs to up the diversity and complexity.
Hey ho.
off to get some other stuff done! catch ya later!
We tend to assume our senses are accurate, but research has shown time and again that what we believe that we see, hear, taste, touch or smell can easily be primed by what we expect to experience. See Rachel Herz: The Scent of Desire. Much of what we sense seems to be what we imagine we sense. At the same time, we often ignore or dismiss as ordinary the sounds and sights we see every day, and we don’t seem capable of perceiving most odors once we’ve been around them for a while.
As for actual cafés with a terrace, as long as the sun is shining, I'm not picky!
I'm happy to say that he liked his card!!! (Mum and Scoob, he liked yours too!! :) )
to be loved but can’t love,
Just enter your name into the linky below and leave a comment it's as easy as that.
“You don’t play many third sets for the Olympic gold medal,” Dalhausser said. “If there was one time to get fired up, that was the time right there.”
waiting for another blind date
So, what else would you add? Did you discover anything new about your streets? Beware, you may never stop thinking about this now that you’ve noticed these nuances. But, that is a good thing! Understanding your environment aids in understanding your sense of place and in defining why you prefer one place over another.
By Vusile Tshabalala, journalist
The body aches and the body cries out
The plan right now is to pick a book the first Monday for each month and post the book review the last Friday of the month. That gives everyone the most time to get through the book and get their post written.
He said mounting interest and unusual vibrations in British Columbia have prompted closer study at home.
6. Philippines 6.10
Please leave a comment, and all those who do will qualify to win Halfway to Each Other! I’ll draw the winner in a couple of days and I will post the winner’s name at the TOP of this post, in the highlighted area.
11. Friendly Fire
The novel, Noli Me Tangere, is about a man named Juan Crisóstomo Ibarra y Magsalin and his life. He is a man who, like Jose Rizal, studied in Europe. The story reflects the time in the Philippines when Spaniards arrived on its land. The novel was written in Spanish. Below are some of the major characters:
So our church visit tonight was a total bust. To all church leaders everywhere, please update your websites!
The welcome breakfast buffet was simple: scrambled eggs, Portuguese sausage, fruits, toast, and pastries. There was a short performance by the hotel staff and then a talk on the various tour opportunities on the island. I really wanted to snorkel at Molokini Island, but I wasn’t going to spend a lot of money getting there if I was feeling sick. Tickets were drawn, which we won complimentary drinks at the Tiki bar.
The list included a variety of tasks. Eat lunch, wash your bedding, play with the dogs, have a healthy snack, and the push—text your mother that you love her. Here is how it came down:
Dr. Moore attached a small tube of colorless gas to the side valve on the gas cylinder, and opened the glass stop-cock on it. A hiss of escaping gas under pressure, and the professor removed the emptied tube.
I remember driving Michael around on a tour of area breweries, a day that turned into a travel disaster. He was two and a half hours late leaving New York, thanks to some skinny git who was trying and never did open a brewpub in NYC, but still managed to hold MJ's attention all morning; I suspect he simply refused to take him to Tony Forder's house until he'd said all he had to say. We had to cancel the appointment at Yards and drive on to Brandywine Brewing near Wilmington in heavy rain.
The Northern Irish born seems to have regenerated himself into a more mature player, especially at the young age of 22.
So I suppose my makey-fingers have had their exercise for a while, but this is pretty much how things go around here- inactivity in the craft department (or nothing going on of note), then I find the energy (and drive) to zoom about until the early hours for a few days in a row, just to finish those things that need finishing! At least I'm making progress on my Thirty List! I can now tick off 4 (the hearts: 'inspirational'? Well, its something that I love reading and it puts me in a good mood, so perhaps it is, indirectly), two of the three from number 5, and one skill of the three (jewellary-making) of 9.
a grammar school boy with a tassel on my cap.
recommendations to the appropriate levels of government as needed.
Britches full o Stitches
As far as I have understood, for every post you can get up to 2 points and every point is worth one cent. I can easily make quality 200 points per day, which means I can earn 10-20 dollars per day by posting on public forums, how cool is that?
10 World (Zucchero)
A crisp white dress shirt never hurt, either. It is a rare time indeed when we see the advertising man of the century bereft of a crisp, fitted white dress shirt. When placed in combination with a black tie in order to create contrast and an aire of authority and confidence – this outfit really comes together in all the right ways to create a professional and cool image typical of the era.
That is where love lies.
In my heart are so many things
ocean craters
Fuck yeah.
about the star challenge.
Lima bean soup with carrots, collards, hot banana peppers, garlic, scallions, Indian chili powder and dill weed. A half-cob of corn sprinkled with some Louisiana hot sauce.
Chase reveals that even though he had written a mob drama he ‘hated’ having characters killed and it left him feeling like a real-life mobster.
Glitz designs-D2323 text
3 more from last week:
The track I've included for separate download is the Soukous/calypso-ish African track that has a great synth bit in it at the end of side B. I also highly recommend that you download the Telex track Lakelele. I'm not sure what the Purilator - Minimal Tape track is - no record of it on the Internet.
This is my first beaded necklace. The clasp is the kitten stretched out with the ball of yarn between its front paws. The charm is the kitten on its back with the ball of yarn between all four paws. The beads are long glass slender beads (much like tiny spaghetti beads) that are facet cut so they shine as if they were diamonds with little tiny clear seed beads in between them. The charm and clasp are silver.
At this point in the conversation last night, I mentioned that I had a ton of respect for a movie starring Jodie Foster called The Brave One. Her boyfriend is killed in a mugging, and most of the movie is about her dealing with this trauma, to the point of getting a gun illegally and exacting vigilante justice. Kinda like Batman, but without the main character growling every line.
09 Another Night In
All you do is flattened out the biscuit, place a spoonful of your stuffing mixture into the center of the biscuit, then fold it up, seal it – and place it vertically in a buttered and floured bread pan. Repeat until all 8 biscuits are used. If you use more then 8 in one loaf – be prepared for the center of your loaf to not be cooked. True story.
clouds of sand as they leave the lifepod and clumsily make their
“it’s for my own good” Oh how very noble.
On another end of the spectrum is the Imperial Workhorse IPA. The original gravity was bumped up from 17º Plato to 19.5º Plato resulting in an ABV of about 9.5%. To balance this out, the hops were increased to contribute about 15 more IBUs over the standard Workhorse. This beer contains plenty of hops presenting a firm bitterness and a pleasant resinous character. The malts provide a good balance with some sweetness coming through. I overheard mention that no hop extract was used but that some hop pellets were ground up before use in hopes of better utilization. Not as cloying as this year's Green Mammoth but also lacking some of the over the top aromatics of that brew, this fits in nicely between that and their standard IPAs.
Toni Morrison's Beloved
When I was in the circus, I remember a clown telling me that he’d been molested by the big cat trainer, a fine lusty woman who had worked as a lifeguard before joining the circus. He alleged that she had sat on his face when he was relaxing after a show.
Will be posting some more of my cards soon! Thanks for still visiting my blog :)
1/4 cup walnuts
"It's hard to take a site seriously when it's covered in banner ads telling you that you're the millionth visitor and urging you to click here to receive your prize.
There are whole worlds tied up in my marriage. Men, women, parents, siblings, nieces, nephews, the occasional cat or a dog and a series of birds are all part of the mix. My spouse and I met overseas. Our first wedding was engineered, literally, by a committee in a village on the side of a mountain in Africa. On the morning of my second wedding, I fielded phone calls from France, wore a locket that was generations old and hoped I wouldn’t regret my shoe choice or forget my soon to be Aunt’s names. Those were just the weddings.
Five seconds…ten seconds…twenty…
He never asked to be born athletic or handsome or charismatic or left-handed. He never got a vote to be placed into a missionary family or to be granted some skills that prove fruitful within America’s chosen obsession. But he DOES set himself on being a man of substance, one in whom kindness appears genuine, humility seems sincere, and purity is said to be authentic.
“They shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory.”
The group collaboration tools allow group members to see all contributing resources so they might find similar and supporting information in the sources linked. This also allows members to double check the authenticity of sources and the information provided. The notes and highlights made can also be shared with the group. One person can quickly create the bibliography, their is no waiting for group members to write out or provide their sources as long as those sources are stored in the Zotero library.
(You're going to go measure one now, aren't you?)
2. One of the most fun aspects of Cassel is his elaborate cons, like trying to get the cat from the animal rescue. How much research did you do in this area?
Despite being weary when we arrived in London directly from San Francisco a couple of Sundays ago, we checked immediately into our hotel before heading straight out to the South Bank's Royal Festival Hall to catch up with a couple of old friends and meet their baby daughter who had been no more than a tiny bump when they'd stayed with us in San Francisco a year earlier. After enjoying an hour or two of their company over a couple of large and refreshing Pimms studded with fresh fruits and mint leaves and topped up with sparkling lemonade, we decided that although at 7pm, it was uncommonly early for us to even think about dinner, if we didn't dine soon, we would probably fall fast asleep.
Cardiac tumor which can be malignant or benign, hypertensive heart diseases which include complications like high blood pressure, heart failure and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy are other common heart diseases.
In the meantime I've been working on this for one of my best friends! She ordered a pink snood so a pink snood she shall have. She thinks it won't be done until at least Christmas but I'm hoping to finish for her birthday at the end of May... We'll see :-)
Emerald Faeries gave us some digis to play with so check out the inspiration below, starting with our Guest Designer this month Martina.
Would an all-white population behave exactly like the Japanese? There might be a bit of looting and profiteering, but not much. Most whites would help their neighbors, stand in line, wait their turn. And they would probably deal harshly with looters.
To be honest I’m a little surprised the folk at Pocket Sketches sent me some samples, but for me the notebook was such a specialised and unusual concept that I was happy to accept and put a mini review on the blog. Being tech savvy folk they even included a little sheet suggesting keywords and links to put in the review to help their search engine results ranking.
Maybe I'm just getting old and it's just something I'm not ever going to understand. Just seems like such a waste of money to me.
He then maneuvered me to the outside of my stool and said simply Let's go. He moved aside and waited for me to take the lead.
Father! Put a new song in my mouth, in Jesus Christ Name I pray! Amen!
All the things you needed are already in it. The big butterfly and the doily are dies from Marianne Design.
Man Utd’s Paul Scholes to Stoke? That’s what amny papers are saying today a couple of days after the Oatcake MB first had rumours of this possible signing. If he did sign it would be as a player/coach.
“I’ll have a variety of things for you to do. For now, I’ll need to rely on your knowledge of the area for setting up appointments with prospects. Taking people places that make them feel special.”
3. Toast in oven to attain desired texture. It shouldn’t take longer than 5 minutes. It will give you the nice charred effect, plus a hint of crunchiness.
4 Proposed budget and detailed cost estimates by professional estimators,
"Well, well, well. After I mentioned the possibility of other bird species being slaughtered, I got the following blurb in an email:
Buzzcocks - Singles Going Steady - 1979
As such, I prefer to look for a list of best free agents that includes players from schools that I have barely heard about.
"A waist is terrible thing to mind"
Wipe any residue out of the pan with paper towels. Add the butter and hot sauce. Melt together, swirling gently. Add the turkey patties back to the pan and turn to coat well with the hot sauce/butter mixture. Keep warm.
Usually one doesn’t interrupt a person’s uphill momentum, especially when that person is as tiny as this one carrying a heavy load. But I had a reason.
As Fernando sat on the bench as his Chelsea dream crumbled even more in front of him and this once majestic footballer turns into a mockery of the man he used to be. I have written an Ode to Fernando Torres. With all the apologies in the world to ABBA:
I made one card project in the book...for those of you who have your copies, see if you can find it (Stamp: Our Craft Lounge)! However, I had the pleasure of drawing ALL the images that we step-by-step color in the book. You'll love how comprehensive and simple we make the coloring.
We had Easter at our house this year. My parents, along with my Aunt and Uncle came up from Illinois. I cooked Saturday night and then we went to an Easter Buffet on Sunday. It was at a really good restaurant called Frattellos. It was right on the river and had a huge outdoor bar and party area with tons of boat slips, it made me think about how much fun it probably is in the summertime. I guess they have live music out there a few times a week too! Saturday we atteneded an egg hunt at the park near our house. There were were a TON of people, and not really enough eggs. It was actually kind of chaotic and made me never want to attend another one. Hah! The Easter Bunny was walking around the grounds, so there were hoards of people surrounding him at all times with no real lines to stand it to actually get a picture with him or anything. Oh well.
Things happened. Stupid stuff happened. Inmates got locked up. The Captain managed to piss me off and hurt my feelings just a little bit which pissed me off even more.
Finished tank top below.
Art (choice)
Well you know how the artistic temperament is but I’m sure that in time, Simon will be painting another piece for another fundraiser. There are still a lot of people who could use money and at this point helping others seems to be in Simon’s feet.
Bing.com Synopsis: “The fabulously successful Pillow Talk was essentially Shop Around the Corner for the 1950s. Playboy composer Rock Hudson and interior-decorator Doris Day are obliged to share a telephone party line. Naturally, their calls overlap at the least opportune times, and just as naturally, this leads to Hudson and Day despising each other without ever having met in person. In a cute but convenient coincidence, Doris’s boy friend is Tony Randall, who also happens to be Hudson’s best pal. Thus Hudson gets a glimpse at Day, and it’s love at first sight. . . .”
A vivid, elegant, nuanced ale, with a very persuasive citrus kick, a thirst-annihilating crispness, and with a broad enough appeal to satisfy all lovers of fine ale.
Recently I've been kind of consumed with the idea of going back to my first crafting dream of bookbinding. If you've been reading this drivel for 5+ years you may remember that I made some early attempts not long after we'd moved to Tiny Town in an attempt to find something to occupy my time while job hunting and learning French (you can see some of my finished books here). I felt kind of stuck because I knew I wasn't doing most of right but I was having trouble figuring out where to go from there. I usually don't do well learning on my own and prefer the help of a tutor but I wasn't getting anywhere so eventually I dropped it and picked up knitting (much to my bank account's chagrin).
Time passes in Eos and Riki continues being a rebellious asshole. He doesn’t get along well with any of the other Pets at all. Oh yeah, he’s all tough around the other pets, but when Iason’s got him alone, I’m sure he’s quite the mild and meek one.
“It cannot hold that much! There’s too much power. You should stop-”
04. Bay of Islands - Blackfish / 5:19
The book, Mantra Yoga and the Primal Sound by Dr. David Frawley is not simply a collection of mantras or an expression of their moral significance; it is an interpretation of the philosophy and the reality of the mantric approach to intelligence and knowledge held within the sound code or vibratory pattern behind the universe itself.
I was able to get 8 more polka dot blocks done this week. Looking at these, I think I need to use more green. I have about 28-29 done. The quilt calls for 50 but I think I want to make 56. I guess I better check out the Farmer’s Wife book for six extra. Maybe I will wait to get all 50 done first so I won’t accidently duplicate or closely match one of the current ones.
Article 11 For disputes arising due to the order of signatures on a piece of works, a people's court may dispose of them according to the following principals: if there is an agreement, determine the order of signatures according to such agreement; if there is no agreement, the people's court may determine the order of signatures according to one or more of such factors as the amount of work each author has contributed, the works' arrangement, the number of strokes of each author's family name, or other relevant factors.
As I write in this blog, I try to use things that God is showing me in my own life.
One thing I always imagined until they proved me wrong was that it was impossible not to make money by running a bank. I am full of s**t, as you know from reading this blog - but so are they, it seems. See http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2106237/Loo-view-The-dizzying-heights-bankers-ivory-tower-toilet.html.
So like my previous post of the fall tv guide, I decided I want to do a fall movie post. I only saw one movie this whole summer, sad! And what's really sad is it was a terrible movie: Charlie St. Cloud. I basically paid $10 to stare at Zac Efron for an hour and a half, which I suppose could have been worse. Okay have you not seen 17 Again!? I hate to admit it, but he's kind of adorable. Anyway, I keep seeing previews for movies coming out this fall and there are so many I want to see! I think there are going to be a lot of movie nights in our future...
Insert dowel. Make sure dowel is touching the top of container. Hot glue the dowel into place at base and top. This makes it stronger.
The passionate revolutionary, John Adams, wrote legendary letters to his wife Abigail as the couple weathered many months apart as Adams fought for the independence of America night and day. And we think our long distance, or just distance, relationships are hard! At least we’ve got email, phones and the likes of skype to help us through them!!
We'd like to make recreating this photo a family tradition.
For many years I’ve been telling folk tales and fairytales to children, especially around Halloween time, and one of my (and their) favourites is a story from the Lincolnshire fen country called ‘The Dead Moon’. In brief, it’s the tale of how the Moon herself came down one night to see the dangerous boggy fens, full of corpse- candles and dead folk and other creeping horrors - and was seized by the bogles and pulled down into the bog so there was no more moonlight to help travellers find their way. How the story ends you can find out in Katharine Briggs ‘A Dictionary of Fairies’.
The shaker also has many additional unique promotional features that allow for brands to promote there product from embossing the internal lids of the inner compartments, straight through to its patent protected ability of promoting multiple powders from an optional disposable design.
Ink: Elegant Eggplant
Hopefully you can use one of these versions of Wacky War!
I'm now in a command center. The only other person in this huge room of controls and monitors is a very attractive female that I believe is my new significant other. She's asking me how I plan to rid the planet of the new zombie horde.
Especially those that are even considering air freshner in their hoo-ha... for real, if it smells that bad, SEE A DOCTOR!
Mr Tay’s robust response to protect Singaporeans contrasted that of his party comrade and MP Baey Yam Keng who tried to find all kinds of lame excuses to defend Sun, such as obfuscating his infamous remark on the ‘dogs’ to suggest that he might mean something else:
And then I told myself to get over myself. For heaven’s sake, they’re just pictures and this blog is for sharing them with you.
The painful scars remind me of you
Must have been a hundred feet in the air when the grip gave.
For no less than 15 days, the males periodically lift their wings and necks upwards before the object of their affection (which changes every couple of years. Typical).
I'm always amused by the uniform I see in Bangkok, which shifts with each visit. This visit, I could not stop seeing scallop-edged tap shorts with blouses tucked in, amongst the long dresses and skirts I saw late last year. At Chatuchak Market, where I spent a good part of Saturday, I saw vintage silk button-down blouses over and over again, all with their sleeves rolled up, which made me think of this uniform.
Beltane was a Celtic calendar feast ushering in the start of summer. (It also went by a variety of other spellings and names in assorted dialects of Gaelic.)
A Roll in the Hague
I don’t want to get bogged down in this. Lets just say that none of that is remotely true – and leave it at that.
Yellow Peel Passion Fruit - here the very smooth outside peel is a pale yellow color, the gelatinous liquid is yellow, and the seeds are dark. This variety also tastes divine. This particular one was very juicy, and slightly acidic....making it very good! The little white nubbies inside are really soft and pliable which is a nice mechanism for protecting the delicate fruit inside. It's no wonder that passion fruit finds its way into many dessert and pastry delicacies...
Like I say, I'd be greatly pleased if you took the time to drop in. Those of you who have visited this here blog have greatly warmed my heart, and the wonderful horror fans whom I've had the opportunity to meet here have made my stay all the better. I hope you'll come along with me to my new digs. The place is a little dusty and would do good with some TLC, so every last guest is appreciated.
During my travels through Peru, I was fascinated by the women of this beautiful country. Their looks, their clothing, their arts and crafts, their day to day lives – be it weaving beautiful textiles or preparing delicious food – I was in awe.
"Go and take a Clear look over the edge. Take it easy, though."
The Over the Rainbow closing scene was beautiful. Jack still seemed confused by his awakening but was enveloped by the warmth and love of his friends. They chose to be of a collective consciousness and physically move on together.
According to the grace of God which is given unto me, as a wise masterbuilder, I have laid the foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon. For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ. Now if any man build upon this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble; Every man’s work shall be made manifest: for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man’s work of what sort it is. If any man’s work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward. If any man’s work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire. Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you? If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are.
1. We were being careful.
4. Coloured Pants. Have fun with your trousers this season and start wearing them in every colour under the sun.
I’m sure this is a unique problem we face only in India.
Macaninch
A good business diversifies. Even Victoria’s Secret sells more than bras. Aid dollars can buy bras in one place and felt in another. Used bras are just bras (and they make terrible cat-hats.) Money has the magic power of turning into almost anything.
So there we sat in the corner, like two Angela Martin's from The Office, contemplating risking our lives to ditch the party. Unfortunately, it was just too late and would have been too reckless on our part to release ourselves to the sea of drunk drivers that inevitably owned the road.
W2: Oh, we discussed that at PTO, and we started a fund to bring real people into the classrooms. Last month, we had a policeman and a doctor come in to talk to every class. And next month, we're having a woman from Japan and a man from Kenya come to speak.
(by the way, the creature lurking to the left of the picture is not the cat. In case you were worried.)
In the meantime, I read a CNN column today that made me laugh. If you want to read it in its entirety, go here. Written by comedian Dean Obeidaliah the short version was this snippet:
About 45-minutes from where I live, a beautiful old juvenile rehabilitation center stands tall against the background of the rolling California foothills. Built in the 1880′s to usher in a new age of helping boys who have taken the wrong path to become upright members of society, Preston Castle – also known by its actual name, the Preston School of Industry – is an amazing specimen of roman revival architecture that you can’t help but want to see up close if given half the chance.
I joined the queue, which was very short – comprising just two headscarfed women, one middle-aged and one old (at least my age!). They unloaded their shopping from the trolley onto the moving belt and the woman at the till duly scanned them in and then said, ‘That will be sixty-eight pounds and forty-three pence please.’
Transform, beating down craters and sand
I mentioned before that I was involved in an amazing project with some wonderful creative ladies, here in PEI. Today was the big day! Eight ladies combined our talents to create a concept wedding showcasing the beauty of winter in Prince Edward Island. It was cold (-22), blustery, and beautiful. A true winter wonderland!
I'll save some of my comments for the book club, but be prepared for the final chapter to melt even the coldest of hearts. Worth reading regardless of your musical tastes.
It may not be time to get rid of those bottling lines just yet.
-Flash kick off the table in the ring by Cody! NICE!
Leaders are not only accountable for their actions, but also before their actions. Certainly, leaders should be willing to explain their actions after the fact. However, they also must be prudent enough to prevent morally inappropriate courses of action from ever presenting themselves in the first place.
181 Freeman Ave Ste C
pouring out your heart before The LORD. It’s not the kind of prayer where you
We're getting reports from friends in DC and others en route about the charged atmosphere. Although it's not the same from thousands of miles away, this ad from the newspaper, Libération, details the special coverage from now through Wednesday. Today, American writers tell stories about Obama. Monday, everything you want to know about the inauguration. Tuesday, the workshops of the president. Wednesday, the first day of the Obama era. I'll keep my eyes peeled for anything of interest.
Me: “Nick, they don’t have tacos! Pick something!”
This painting is truly painted in some of my favorite colors – metallic coppers, chromium green and indanthrone blue. The shapes were created with smooth beach stones from the Oregon coast, the largest shape being a 10 lb. stone (and the puddle of color in the stone’s impression on the paper took nearly 5 days to dry).
A kind but austere woman, she'd managed to raise six children on a farm, without extravagances such as chutney, thank you very much.
The film star belied her own apothegm by hiding a brilliant, inventive mind beneath her photogenic exterior. In 1942, at the height of her Hollywood career, she patented a frequency-switching system for torpedo guidance that was two decades ahead of its time.
Nausea: It's been a wierd few days, and after the car panic, and some other stuff that is going on, I am a bit on edge. Julia and Heather got some gorgeous steaks for dinner, for a nice evening of grilling and chatting, and I was really looking forward to it. Then Bookhart came over and surprised me, which was WONDERFUL. I was feeling ready to chow down. But....Julia put that steak in front of me, and I could not even look at it. It was a gorgeous New York Strip, an inch and a half thick and cooked to perfection, and for some reason the smell of it made me want to hurl. I only ever avoid food when I am stressed, and for me to avoid steak? There is something seriously up. It was horrible. Nothing in the world could make me take a bite of the meat. I had to put it in the other room. It was the wierdest thing. That steak is still in the fridge, and it's calling out to me saying "EAT ME! Eat meeeee!!!" and I just can't. What is up with that?
After all, with he and Big Round Robot wreaking havoc all around, there should be an effort by the people under their feet to try and protect themselves.
As a result, PASSHE was forced to raise tuition 7.5 percent.
19. Beast Within
I have realised she's actually singing, “Chanson Da Moo.” This thought leads me nowhere.
The male mid-life crisis is a difficult subject to bring up around some people since it exists primarily as a physiological condition. Yes, us guys have to deal with such things like an unwanted horizontal expansion at the waistline or an accelerated retreat of the hairline we at least can exercise to fight the growing bulge or buy medicinal remedies to battle an asymmetrical war to keep something fuzzy on our heads. No, this is something that affects guys on a far deeper level, see I will be honest here and write something that should be self-evident, adult males never really grow up. Society, our jobs, and more importantly our wives may say we have to behave and act dignified and responsible but deep down most of us would like nothing better than tell the established social order to kiss our asses and fly off on some juvenile adventure.
Bake for about 20 minutes, check first if there is any excess water and drain it, the let the tarte cool down. Carefully flip the tin with and surprise you good friend or mother with this cute little pastry!
But then I think, hey, Max has now mastered his 7 times table and almost has his 8's taken care of. Something we couldn't manage all of last year. So we're doing pretty good.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, Diane!
The NIC’s IP address is 127.0.0.1 and is known as its loopback address. The loopback address is the local address of your NIC. If you want to PING 127.0.0.1 then you will be pinging your own network cared instead of out to the internet. If you want to ping an address somewhere on the internet; then, a good address is 8.8.8.8, which is the address of one of Google’s servers. Google also has an IP address of 8.8.4.4 that you could use to ping another one of their servers.
Sacred Heart of Jesus, be Thou my Salvation!
Why not round it out by making a little tag, too? I love having a few tags in my stash to tuck into small gifts.
An act of teenage male bravado on the part of at least one boy may have led to Sunday’s beating death of an 81-year-old man visiting Lynchburg for his granddaughter’s wedding, police said.
I certainly felt like a schoolgirl, hoping, with all fingers crossed behind my back, that the discipline master wouldn’t find out that we had been eating in the classroom…
Do you ever find that you have a hard time being honest in your blogging?
Carrying stones and earth and sand?
The group released their self-titled debut album in 1990.
the time cos they love it."
3. Large Dahlia style earrings — $27 (sale price) Love! Check out the site for other unique items made from sustainable materials.
Doctors, pah, what do they know?
I take a moment and reflect.
I know that everyone has their own trials in life, if not currently, they have had or will have. But how easy it is to look at complete strangers and imagine how “perfect” their lives must be in comparison to my own. I know from my own experience that a smile can do a pretty good job of concealing the mountain of hurt inside me. Certainly the same holds true for the rest of the world. Any showdown of resentment or jealousy that festers up toward the “happy, perfect people” is a waste of time and energy. Of what benefit is it to compare myself to others? God created us all uniquely and no two life experiences could possibly be the same. To utilize the worn out saying: It is comparing apples to oranges! It would be very, very easy to let the bitterness seep through my veins like a deadly poison. At times it is tempting to let go and collapse into a heap of defeat and self-pity, letting the waves take me under. It’s during these times of weakness that my spiritual survival instinct kicks in. I know to call out to Jesus. Without fail He rescues me and guides me back into the shallow waters. I’m surrendering, but I’m not giving up.
All songs written and composed by Andy Scott, Steve Priest, Brian Connolly and Mick Tucker except where noted.
A pure punt of a purchase based on hours spent in HMV and Tower Records in Shinjuku and Shibuya at their countless listening posts sampling as much as was currently riding the Japan-o-charts, and it’s only really a mini-album, comprising seven tracks from this new indie group. But every track is superb, each different but just as good as the last. I look forward to whatever they do next.
‘That’s right.’ I smile. ‘How is she?’ I cough.
What is your favorite book?: This is a common answer, but I have to be honest. "To Kill a Mockingbird" is my all-time favorite book. I read it when I was about 12 or 13, which coincided with some key years in the Civil Rights movement. It's pitch-perfect in harmonizing writing, character and plot. I fell deeply in love with Atticus. I even imagined naming a son after him. But when the time came, even I couldn't saddle Atticus Buttry on an innocent baby. It's a book I still reread from time to time.
I wrote a few days ago about my creative self. I haven't slept much lately. I bought another magazine, Somerset's Digital Studio. I'm in BIG trouble now. I created this for a different challenge and 'lo and behold, it was 54 words. A little tweak and now it's fit for today as well. This 55 is less about the words and more about the hours I spent creating the digital piece, learning many new techniques ~ though it does serve as a journal entry of a recent weekend with New Beau.
When Australia's on the top I am Australian,
The world’s largest online retailer Amazon.com Inc entered India on Thursday with the launch of its shopping website junglee.com, in a major boost to the country’s fast-growing e-commerce market.
credit card tecnique
It just isn’t the same, like it was back in the day.
Warning was even given a day in advance: the targets and intentions were made known to the public, and the operation time was announced! Despite all that advanced notice, 41 GOVERNMENT SITES were STILL brought down!
The bill by Sacramento Democratic Assemblyman Roger Dickinson seeks data involving state contracts for construction, professional services, and for the purchase of materials, supplies or equipment.
Dylan: Im doing swell Vanya! Glad to hear from you bro!
Done! If you are still here after that long post, thanks for visiting today! Stay tuned for tutorials, back porch decor and a fun vintage school map project for one of my kid's rooms! Have a great weekend!
"You are mistaken, Miss Farnham. Butterflies are useful creatures, as are other members of the Lepidoptera family. Butterflies and moths spread pollen amongst plants. Even the ugliest and plainest moth can do that job, just as a butterfly does. They also make a meal for birds."
Has anyone else ever experienced such postal-traumatic-stress? Or has anyone ever worked for the USPS to make a rebuttal . . . or tell stories about weird or obnoxious postal receivers?
4. Bring helpful friends/family. We all have a ‘shopping buddy’, that friend who will tell you exactly what she thinks of a dress. This is the friend to bring with you (if she’s a bridesmaid, if not it may get awkward), she’ll tell you the truth without being blinded by sentiment – no tears cloud this lady’s eyes. Your mum could be a saint or a sinner in the Bridal Lounge. I’ve seen mother’s tear their daughter’s dreams apart with one withered glance. Sometimes, as hard as it may be, it’s best to include friends and family only when you’ve decided on the gown. It’s your day after all, if you look and feel great in a dress, nothing should stop you from wearing it.
blogging has already proved to be the first victim. I wanted to read
I know you will enjoy this recipe.
THE MITM WENT OFF ON MR CTA!!!!!
I will try to keep up on my blog. I know that I'm terrible with it, but I'll try.
-Create a Critter (penguin)
I had the privilege of being featured in some Asian magazines recently! Korean Vogue girl and Nylon Japan to be exact... The Vogue girl story featured a few bloggers and our favorite vintage items. I chose my vintage satchel that I ended up photographing in my kitchen... a selection of some of my favorite old jewellery including a feather bangle, that was a last summer find from Nice. A photo that did not make it to the mag was my kimonos that I expressed my love for before.. photographed next to my shoe wall.
Well, apart from my shameful lack of self-promotion over the last few days, anyway. I'm not actually being as petulant as that sounds, either. What I mean is, what would convince YOU to buy my book? I've sold 2 copies in the 17 days the book's been on sale, and I can't help thinking that even a brand new starting author should have managed a bit better than that.
My escape from the snow led me to the town of Seal Beach where I’ve spent s a couple of weeks puttering around, trying every restaurant and coffee shop in town. I also had a chance to see some more old friends. People from the pre-retirement days. It was great seeing them and great to be reminded once again that friendships will endure.
More interesting to me was the fact that 3 classes went to the small festival cinema in Mülheim, they walked down to the train station and caught a train into the BIG main station in Essen where they changed trains (presumably this meant getting all the kids off one train and onto the platform, going down a set of steps, through a subway to another set of steps and up onto another platform to catch the train out to Mülheim, 60 kids aged between 8 & 10 and 3 adults...I'm glad I only found out about this after the event.
Fred Claus ... TNT ... 10:30 PM
He didn’t want to be there. Morning sunlight was struggling to penetrate the dust on the front window, but the shop was still dark. The place had been stripped bare. He couldn’t explain the shadows – there seemed to be corners where in fact there was nothing. All that was left was a huge counter running the length of the wall. He felt as if he were in a cave. A long, dark cave. With a counter in it.
Take that thought to someone else’s doorstep.
MY SWEET JESUS WAS OH SO NEAR
So, once my dignity was restored I walked uphill for 15 minutes, then did a weights session. I certaninly did more weights than normal, but at the time it felt fine.
You know the type.
Ivan Henderson of AAMP explained that “President Nkrumah’s daughter flew in this week to take the diary where it belongs, Ghana, over 40 years after it disappeared from the hospital where Dr. Nkrumah died. This valuable piece of Ghanaian history was retrieved largely through the efforts of Vincent Mbirika, who accompanied Samia Nkrumah to Philadelphia today.”
My dear readers, first off all I want to apologize for not being able to answer all of your emails you sent me the passed days. And to my blogger colleagues, please forgive me for not reading nor commenting on your latest blogposts. I have had a couple of very busy weeks concerning my business. And as you will understand, business comes first. I promise to do the best I can to answer all your emails and to read as much as possible blogposts the coming days.
At 10:00 yesterday my screen went black for a few seconds, maybe as much as a full minute.
It is 10:35pm. Spencer is still awake. He is so excited about "Mommy School," as he has named it, that he might end up sleeping in on the first day if he doesn't hurry up and go to sleep!
Stuckey’s financial deception
In new/adventurous situations, the mind joins the body in the present moment, present environment – all other thoughts and worries are driven out of the mind and it feels refreshed.
I already know this friend has a tendency to not like the same type of events I like.
“For (government officials) at this point to try and set back the clock would be a mistake,” said Phil Zimmerman, who created the popular encryption program PGP and who helped spearhead the successful fight against a similar law enforcement effort in the 1990s. “We would all oppose it and we would probably prevail.”
Dec 28th – just got a visit from the guy that I gave my Christmas money to keep him out of jail and he has been cleared of all charges. Praising God for the heart He gave me. A heart that doesn't pick and choose which Scripture to apply to my life because it's the "easy part". There's nothing easy about Matthew 25. I want to encourage you to do something today for someone without wanting anything in return.
(1)Knead Part 1 to form a dough called the sponge and let ferment in the bowl for 3-4 hours.
New York Mining Disaster, 1941
Happy Sunday! I'm finally back with the winners... my it's been a full weekend! A big thank you for all of the wonderful and extremely loving comments that appeared with this giveaway... and that are flowing into all of the blog tour sites. Your enthusiasm and support mean so very much to me!!
Sarah is an international doll artist, and well known for her realistic life like sculptures of babies. Babies but not Reborns. Let me tell you, they are incredible! You can see her work on sarahniemela.com
Hope you are all having a fabulous Mother’s Day, and being spoiled! I had a wonderful breakfast made by my hubbie, and will Skype with the family sometime during the day.
Yapta describes themselves as “your amazing personal travel assistant.” They say their aim is to help travellers “get a better handle on pricing by providing easy-to-use tools and information that assures they get the best value from their travel spending.”
OK, so I am a nice girl. But I can get a little catty. I call those my “Reality TV moments.” I attribute my occasional z-snap to the sassy Real Housewives, my icy stare downs to the Kardashians, and my excessive cussing to the Jersey Shore. The moment I feel the need to share a saucy thought with a friend about someone else, I will stop myself and say, “This is real life. Your actions and words have actual consequences and will not results in higher ratings.” Done.
Now, of course, Tribunal seems to be doing a good job at keeping ragers at bay and tempering emotions in game. From what I can tell, and it’s hard to tell anything given Riot’s secrecy on this matter, no one or very few people have been permanently banned that did not “deserve” it in the sense that they did not smarten up. I’m not a fan of permanent bans when money is involved, as you can probably gather by now. Temporary bans are fine, but honestly, when money is involved, it just feels kind of wrong to flat out take the money and then ban the person in my humble opinion.
The really stupid thing is that I have insomnia.
Ignore your lawn – even if they look brown and unattractive, lawns do come back to life with a little bit of rain. Don’t cut your grass too short, and leave the clippings on the lawn to act as a mulch.
J: Unfortunately what many Christians fail to realize is that they can’t change anything. Only God can truly change the heart.
2007: Mary is accused of being a sexual predator and loses her job. She faces 3 years in State Prison. Johnny undergoes 5 years of therapy. Johnny’s parents sue the school for negligence and the teacher for emotional trauma and win both cases. Mary, jobless and indebted, commits suicide by jumping off of a tall building. When she lands, she hits a car and also damages a potted pot. The car’s owner and the plant’s owner sue Mary’s estate for destruction of property. They both win.
Just an FYI – the only thing that was not anticipated (by me) is that my Mom’s Kitty Tube is black. In the Amazon photos it looks more silvery-gray. But Mom & Ms. Kitty certainly aren’t complaining!
General Comments
Here's how the house looks all put back together. Now to find the spot to hang it! This is nothing as cool and exciting as Clare's or Randy's honeybees, but it's as close to beekeeping as we will get. I hope the early spring Mason bees will help get our pear trees pollinated this year. I will be sure to post and let you all know how it goes.
A battle of wits rages between you and a higher power
I will be putting together care packages to send to our boys and girls. It really boosts their morale when they get them, plus they need really silly stuff like duct tape, carabiners, rubber bands, work gloves, batteries and lots and lots of toiletries.
I used to think I did not have time to exercise. Then I really thought about my online habits. I used to get up and check email and facebook, makeand read blog posts and generally surf around the internet for a while. It is amazing how much time we waste on line isn't it?
So I made a pot of coffee, grabbed my book, retrieved my glasses and took to my reading lounger on the porch, saying to myself ‘OK Amy, you get an hour, until it gets too hot, and then you must get back to finishing the report on your project they’ll be expecting next week.’ Well, after an hour and the first cup of coffee, I forced myself to break from the adventures of Ruth Reichl, the New York Times restaurant critic who entertains with her beguiling tales of disguises and delectables in the Manhattan restaurant scene. A pang of hunger finally hit me, after no supper last night and all these mouth watering food descriptions. I wondered how it had taken so long, actually. ‘OK Amy,’ I said to myself, ‘make yourself a Sunday breakfast, enjoy the next chapter and a bit more of the breeze as accompaniments and then hit the computer.’
I keep reminding myself that this will pass. We waited so long for her. This is just a little bump in the parenting road. I won't even remember it when I am watching her graduate college, get married or have her first baby. There is so much more ahead. This is nothing. I'll sleep when she gets older and doesn't need me to be there so much. Then, I will miss these days.
For those of you that may be interested, I'll be blogging about the belly over here.. There's one up at the moment, and the usual transmissions will resume here shortly, as I feel the block may be shifting.
I ended up making a pretty gourmet lunch today. It was mostly re-arranging some leftovers but it came together very nicely. The other day at the store I saw artichokes that looked really awesome. When I was a kid mom used to make artichokes for us and she taught us how to peel off the leaves one by one, dip them into a butter sauce and then pull them between your teeth for the one small bite that was at the base of each leaf. It's a lot of work, but it is worth it because it is so good. To make the artichoke, just put some water in a pan and steam the artichoke for 25-35 minutes or until the leaves pull off very easily. The butter sauce I did today was super simple, melted ghee (clarified butter) with balsamic vinegar and salt. Lemon juice is extraordinary with artichokes but I didn't have any lemons.
Dog: What was that? Did you hear that? Did you hear that? Did you hear that? Let’s go look. I’m going to look. What was I doing? Did you hear that? Oh, you’re getting up? Time for a walk? Is it time to eat? I have to pee.
Please don’t get me wrong: My obesity hasn’t prevented me from living a decently full life. But, yeah, I’ve missed out on things. Things I’ve wanted to do. And since I’ve lost some of the weight and started taking care of myself, so many cool “adventure” doors have been opened to me. Like that time I went skydiving.
By 1968 they were signed to London Records and had little success with their first single, "I", but did have minor success with "One Ring Jane" in 1969. Later that year they would form their own Duck Records distributed by Capitol Records where they released several more singles through 1970. Roger Law would eventually be replaced by his brother Les and the band managed to tour with the likes of Deep Purple, Alice Cooper, Cream, and The Yardbirds. Alas, fame eluded them and they split up in 1971.
Also on this note, please comment with other examples of where you found Games that were inspired by a particular work of art!
The Vulcan Hotel in Adamstown looks like it is going to close its doors for the last time at the end of May this year. Its 3 year stay-of-execution is over and the bulldozers will be demolishing this historic piece of Cardiff to build another car park. Media Wales announced the story today and also has some celebrity endorsements of the pub. The BBC also run the story on their website.
I purchased her premiere magazine Lulu's which was choked full of great recipes and I need to order her cookbook to find the chipotle cream sauce recipe and purchase her chipotle taco seasoning to complete the recipe!!!!! Oh well, she knows how to sell her merchandise!
I talked Char’s ear off on the way to school this morning. She thinks I’ve finally gone over the deep end and I could see the look in her eyes, the wheels turning upstairs that said “She’s finally lost it!”
Although I was disappointed in the quality of the estimates (even after the preparatory work) what I took away from this is that all the students engaged in the activity, and the discussions I overheard were very encouraging. “what’s the formula for ….”, “how do you work out ….”, “what should we do here…”
Last year, at a Mamak stall (Indian muslim eatery) I ordered a Roti Ghee, and the roti maker was actually asking me to make sure I wanted Ghee, another lady thought he was asking her..quickly said, "No Ghee. I don't wan't goat fat."
The process is not simply one way. Leaves draw nutrients from the sun through photosynthesis. In this way, the public language reaches down into the roots. Just as the roots end at the leaves, the leaves end at the very tip of the roots. In this way the leaves sustain the roots. Without editing, the most individual aspects of private language would dry up. At the heart of private language lies a good deal of public language, necessarily. How does this deep interchange work? That's my next post.
Jonah Hex: Two-Gun Mojo #1 Aug 1993
The group had no ties to foreign terrorist organizations and the plot was not connected to the anniversary of the death of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, who was killed in a raid by U.S. forces a year ago, a U.S. Justice Department official said today.
“The Natural Heritage Trust —
As fast as technology has risen and as far as our world has run towards the future there’s still time to turn some things back—a u-turn. a soft suggestion, a counter-cultural move observed by others to show that some things shouldn’t change. We can publish words on the screen to gently suggest it’s time to return to Him, but only Jesus can heal what the world has shredded. Denial can only last so long before reality crushes us and makes us aware that there’s more to this world than nature or science, but a God that runs it all. He’s in control.
Having that extra day is known as an "intercalation." In the 1604 edition of the Book of Common Prayer was written: On every fourth year, the Sunday Letter leapeth." Hence, Leap Year. Nothing to do with Leaping the Broomstick or anything like that.
Lorena said...Wow Tara - fantastic give away prizes. I adore Sweet Tooth collection - it is one of my fav's. Have I told you how awesome you are lately?
Martin McQuade is a consultant for Bing Crosby Enterprises. In 2002, he served as guest curator for Hofstra University’s conference, “Bing! And American Culture.” From 2003-2008 he assisted Crosby's widow Kathryn Crosby in the organization of several tributes honoring her husband, including the 2004 New York Public Library series, “Celebrating the Crosbys,” and the 2005 Film Society of Lincoln Center 14-film review, “What a Swell Party.” Martin McQuade’s mother was among the audience members during Bing Crosby’s first engagement at the Brooklyn Paramount in February 1932.
"They shall become a sign and a wonder on you and your descendants forever.
If the ladies get past the weekend unscathed, which I and many others including themselves expect them to do, they will move on to the National Championship Quarterfinals on Dec. 1.
And I will remember you
So....everybody was celebrating something. Now, the good news is that it was a big win for the Red Sox. (12-1) They haven't been getting a lot of wins so far this year, so any win is a good one. Although they have three in a row at this writing.
So much culture content... and the room is tidy too (at last). Win win.
"I need you! My feelings are so hurt!"
The cheering in the crowds has become robotic. They elected you and want to hear more than your stump lines and how the problems were there before you got there.
I am sadly too familiar with these tactics because they were used against the GOP ticket in 2008. The left seeks to single someone out and destroy his or her record and reputation and family using the media as a channel to dump handpicked and half-baked campaign opposition research on the public. The difference in 2008 was that I was largely unknown to the American public, so they had no way of differentiating between the lies and the truth. All of it came at them at once as “facts” about me. But Newt Gingrich is known to us – both the good and the bad.
over the sponge-like carcass he has sloughed.
The ink color is great, and the eraser does a good job, but the writing experience is so bad I can hardly use this pen. The line skips and it is very scratchy. Hopefully you will win a medal one of these decades Uni-Ball!
My mom surprised me and told me that I got to pick a meal to celebrate my birthday and she'll pay. I went back and forth, back and forth. It took me two weeks to decide on California Grill only to see that I can't get a reservation. Fail. I really wanted to try something NEW but due to the schedule and difficulty with Disney transportation, I decided to do Boma (my 3rd time, mom's first) a day after my actual birthday.
“Nope. They are very similar. I figure if I am an illegal, and can’t speak English, I can’t comprehend what my customers are saying, and if I am Mrs Bates, I sure as hell don’t have any clue about anything. But I think I would look smashing with a wig and knife. So, I guess my mind is made up.”
There was a brief countdown and we were off! Running into a wooded area, initially on heavily-watered trail of mud and then very quickly off of the trail. Without a trail we had to dodge trees and logs and boulders, fighting the overgrowth while striding carefully enough to avoid injury. The uneven territory made for several runners falling very early in the race, tumbling or rolling their ankles (none seriously that I saw). My team of 9 was for the most part grouped together at this point and we made it through the first portion of the run (only a half mile or so) amidst a bunch of ‘Hoorah’s'! The first obstacle was Kiss of Mud:
Rackhouse - This was my local in Denver. The Rackhouse is in the same building as Stranahan's Colorado Whiskey. As you might expect, they are huge supporters of local breweries and local distilleries. They have a large cocktail menu that takes full advantage of the thriving Colorado micro-distillery movement to whip up some tempting treats. They feature 20 Colorado beers on tap and Chris does a good job of scooping up rarer kegs of brews like Avery Meph Addict and Russian River Sanctification. Be sure to ask about barrel aged beers that aren't on the menu as they have a habit of sending old Stanahan's Whiskey barrels to local breweries and getting kegs of whatever the brewery makes with them in return. Great Divide produces a Stranahan barrel aged, brettanomcyes doped version of Hades that is available exclusively at the Rackhouse. Food is reasonably priced and very tasty. They are famous for their mac and cheese, which is freaking awesome.
If you don't know what Glamping is, it's the recent term for glamorous(usually 'eco') camping holidays. Mention Glamping to a 'real man' and he gets insulted. It's like an offence, it's like giving Chuck Norris a manicure, or waxing Bert Reynolds chest, or even shaving Hugh Jackman's head oh, and perhaps his chest. lol What a waste. :)
I realized that each and every single adult in there was there willingly. And what struck me is that WE ALL KNOW BETTER. We KNOW we should not eat fast food junk. Even the salads at some of these places are loaded with hidden fat and sodium. We KNOW. So then…. WHY do we still do it? Why do we still think that eating at McDonald’s or Wendy’s or Burger King is a ‘treat’?
Sleep: I got a body pillow so that is helping my back at night.
will require a patent).
NOVEMBER: Has a lot of ideas. Difficult to fathom. Thinks forward. Unique and brilliant. Extraordinary ideas. Sharp thinking. Fine and strong clairvoyance. Can become good doctors. Dynamic in personality. Secretive. Inquisitive. Knows how to dig secrets. Always thinking. Less talkative but amiable. Brave and generous. Patient. Stubborn and hard-hearted. If there is a will, there is a way. Determined. Never give up. Hardly becomes angry unless provoked. Loves to be alone. Thinks differently from others. Sharp-minded. Motivates oneself. Does not appreciate praises. High-spirited. Well-built and tough. Deep love and emotions. Romantic. Uncertain in relationships. Homely. Hardworking. High abilities. Trustworthy. Honest and keeps secrets. Not able to control emotions. Unpredictable.
(inside opening 8" x 20")
Morgan Freeman, Invictus
He in his green coat and I in my black.
"It's my turn!"
For I am involved in mankind.
5:00 AM: 10-Mile Run – COMPLETED
Truth be told, I actually have my own THAT friend. He’s gotten me into strange situations for the past 15 years. Car wrecks, dates with “special” girls, night I can’t even remember. It goes on and on. So, maybe all men have a THAT friend too. But I can only speak from my experience of women.
Two provinces down,the third,the biggest in terms of land mass and smallest in terms of population has fingers crossed for balkanization of the region. The level of intrigue and mystique surrounding the third province is interminable. News of bounty being announced for the death of Punjabis straying in Balochistan filters out now and then and people are gripped with fear. The media and other political parties,with PTI at the fore of it have endless capacity and breath to waste on spewing criticism at the government and every preceding government in the past,reinforcing the point that balkanization might indeed be the best solution. Give the Sardars their barren play ground. A province where every provincial assembly member is given an amount set in millions for development in their constituency,but still posts an abysmal income per capita of USD 183 (PKR- 16287) per year cannot blame the federal government for the insurgency and having an ‘apathetic’ attitude towards the province. Not when the Sardars are known for smuggling weaponry worth millions from across the border and run a thriving black market with the parliament’s blessings.
My Dear Jesus,
Wedding photos to follow.
I couldn’t deal with her reasoning right then. All I could do was plead my case for not going home, describing all of the injustices that I felt were stacked up against me.
Bell's- Christmas Ale is a sessionable holiday beer, using locally grown malt, that stands apart from spiced winter warmers.
7:30-9
Sheik Yousef Al-Qaradhawi: The nation must rage in anger. It is told that Imam Al-Shafi’ said: “Whoever was angered and did not rage is a jackass.” We are not a nation of jackasses. We are not jackasses for riding, but lions that roar. We are lions that zealously protect their dens, and avenge affronts to their sanctities. We are not a nation of jackasses. We are a nation that should rage for the sake of Allah, His Prophet, and His book. We are the nation of Muhammad, and we must never accept the degradation of our religion.
Summer bees buzzed around me as I walked down the road today, I didn’t notice anything or anybody else. All I could hear was my own feet and the beating of my own heart. I heard my voice, not a mad voice!
NYCCGC has all the details on their Web site. I urge everyone to weigh in with written comments, whether submitted through the NYC.gov Web site, or by email. You can also (gasp!) mail a letter. You can even call 311. The hearing is Tuesday, 8/10. If you want to speak, you must register by Monday, August 9. All comments are due on or by August 10, the date of the hearing.
Heat olive oil in an extra large Dutch oven or stock pot. Add ground hot sausage and cook until slightly browned. Add chopped onion, celery, (fennel), garlic, touch of salt and pepper and saute over low heat for 5-7 minutes. Add remaining ingredients, heat through and simmer for 45 minutes. Add more broth and salt and pepper if needed. If you like more broth, add additional liquid, but we like it without too much. A few minutes before it is done, add kale and heat through. Simple, quick and oh so yummy.
Katrina Hunt
Talking about Belle de Jour is going to be problematic, because my response to the film was a broader question that requires coverage of its own. So for the sake of clarity, I’m going to split this into two parts. The first is this piece about the movie. The second will be more of an open-ended thought piece on a certain type of French cinema from this era, a more ambiguous argument about context that’s admittedly a bit outside the scope of the film itself.
I’m not going to defend our guidelines any further, they are what they are and other people seem to understand how completely different the mechanics to our contest were in comparison to something such as WoW Factor. I’m genuinely surprised that Keelhaul didn’t acknowledge the reasons they would be the way they are. The part where I’m really confused is less than two minutes later he comes right out and says he really hasn’t “spent enough time checking it out.” Let’s just pause to see where we’re at:
HI there! I am here today with some Market Street Stamps goodness! Today is the newest Paint the Town Challenge. Just take a look at this color palette:
Behind and above Sharia was a fog of reflected light, dimming as three shadows rose up to block out the light. Before her a dark corridor stretched onwards. She stumbled up onto her feet and stalked forward. She heard the shouts of her adversaries. “You cannot escape! We are coming for you, foolish girl!”
Images are Hero Arts and SU!
I couldn't even go to the cemetery today in fear all of the snow would make it impossible to find her barely marked gravesite. Honestly, the very thought of her in the ground beneath all this snow is overwhelming. All I can think is, my baby is freezing. I know she is not, but, that is what I think. She should be in my warm arms, not in a cold grave.
And gave good Nick his Book again
Spring is really and truly finally here. It just happens to be a month late. Instead of April showers we are getting May showers, but that shouldn’t really affect the budding springtime plants. Many of the birds are back, filling my backyard with song. It’s really quite pretty.
Because through momentum, we can find the impulse thus relating to the average net force.
$5 at the door before 10 / $10 after
6/22-24: Splash for Rescues (Dockdogs)
I am so inspired by so many of them!
For this project I will primarily focus on Character Design, but may develop some script or back story during the process.The character from the RPG will be the main protagonist from the story and the weapon designed will more than likely be a standard weapon of today such as a AK47 rifle or M4A1 Carbine rifle. It will be adjusted however to fit the story and it’s futuristic setting with weapon modifications etc. This will also apply to clothing and hairstyles on the character, I will need to consider that things may have changed for the character in the future setting than it would be in modern times.
Often great ideas.
TE (1): Antonio Gates, Jeremy Shockey
Give these a try, they'll make your entire kitchen smell like Christmas. =) And it really wasn't that difficult. It's actually pretty fun, once you get the hang of it!
I started my new blog series, Reader Questions, with a post on how to pick the right frame for artwork. Although I have privately answered hundreds of reader questions, with topics ranging from help designing a space to suggestions for cleaning hardwood floors, I have yet to answer many on the blog. With a number of projects in a stage of half-completion (including a play kitchen, basement plans and a frame for a DIY painting), I thought I would answer one of my most frequently asked questions: where did I get our ottoman?
playing in the fields
A ban on below cost selling will do nothing to hamper cooking lager enthusiasm. So what are you reading this rubbish for? You’ve got a fridge of lovely lout. It’s a sunny day. Sit in your garden and enjoy all that is good about the summer. Cheap lout and ladies not wearing a lot.
31. Desserts together.
As the morphine flowed into his bloodstream, the overwhelming supremacy of the pain radiating from the hard, grasping knot in his gut receded. It wasn’t that it had disappeared; at this stage of the cancer’s progress, where nearly all his body’s natural defences had been overwhelmed, that was too much to hope for. The general staff of doctors, their radiological battles lost and chemotherapeutic campaigns routed, had abandoned the fight, leaving the opiates to fight the last hopeless battles before his body finally raised the white flag of systemic surrender. But the pain retreated, becoming just one component of the reality which could be left behind in the distance as the morphine carried him away into dreams and memories …
I believe that the heart does not light
Where did your writing dreams begin?
So, what to do? Below, I have a set of simple rules to follow that will help. The thing that will help the most, however, is to be a good storyteller and a good performer–commit to your creepiness and don’t let up or break character. The more engrossed you are in the adventure, the more engrossed they will be. This doesn’t just go for horror games, but it is a place where it is especially important. Beyond that, you have the rules, as follows:
According to the site, it clocks in at 289 words and takes a minute to read.
In large heavy skillet, heat 1 tbs butter over moderate heat until foam subsides and into it drop half of crab mixture by tablespoons.
Caring should not be about the appearance of caring, it should be about achieving results. Genuinely believing that leaving people alone to do their own thing is a very moral perspective, maybe the most moral. Compassion for the poor and hungry comes more easily when you aren't paying huge taxes anyway. Designing social programmes that force other people to hand over their money so you can look good, may be a lot less moral.
Christ can make you love the worst,
1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream
I walked out of the courthouse and started angry crying almost immediately. "Just ONE THING. Can just one fucking thing go right for us? Is God just pissed because we got married in a Unitarian church by a lesbian woman? I'M SORRY, GOD, SHE SEEMED LIKE A VERY NICE CHRISTIAN WOMAN, MY BAD, DUDE."
Oh, those darn shoulds. Come up at the worst times.
After carefully analyzing the data provided by our facebook fans, the clear choice is...
In conclusion, it seems that this new and disgusting conservative government is interested in shooting itself in its ecconomic foot. The model the Netherlands had, was like two steps forward and now they’re going, not one but several steps back.
50g chocolate chips
No. 3 is a funny beast. I can remember it being described as a dark Bitter in the 1970's. I suppose that's no worse than mistaking its 19th-century incarnation for a Pale Ale, which some have. Burton, however odd that sounds for a beer brewed in Scotland, seems the best way to describe it. It shares many features with London KK and, when sold in London, filled the same slot on the bar. Of course, you could just call it a Scotch Ale, however confusing that phrase might be. Though, as you can see in the image to the right, that was what Younger themselves described it as.
in order to attend, you only need to purchase the Basic Kit. Anything above and beyond that is totally up to you. This month, I suggest you consider the Better Kit. The few items I've added there make a huge difference to your pages. If you already have any of the items in the Better or Best kits, just bring them with you to class.
I bashed out a quick email. Full of sincere apologies. Full of horror. Full of pleas for forgiveness.
her family originated in Wau), and we had a very good dinner there. Wau is a pretty
A Fish Called Wanda (John Cleese & Charles Crichton)
CONS: Maybe that they don't have leg gussets -- though I haven't really found that to be a problem; also, the quality is not as good as other covers (say, Thirsties), hence the lower price.
1 level tbsp grated lime zest (about 3 limes)
12. I Ain't Got Nobody
Clearly the emphasis is on the fluid to provide the inertance effect, the patent citing a minimum 50%, up to as much as 90% of the inertance coming from the fluid.
Tatay had refused to go to the hospital even as his left side had gone numb. He even reprimanded Nanay for being too hysterical. Two neighbors tried to carry him and he cried in frustration so my brother asked them to put him down.
The rate of burnout in my industry is incredibly high, as it is in most service industries. In the Western world, we have more than ever before; money, opportunity, choice… Yet we lament a loss of freedom in our self-imposed frenetic lifestyle as if we exist in an irreversible life of poverty and confinement.
over and over again
