Meanwhile, I caught a screening of Ironman tonight. Kick-ass. Enjoyed a Saison Dupont while watching. I love the Alamo Drafthouse.
I intended to post this week’s “Truth Be Told Tuesday” yesterday but by the time I caught up on emails, Facebook and reading everyone else’s blogs, I ran out of time. So we’ll continue with “Truth Be Told Tuesday” next week.
“I was still half asleep, and he put me in handcuffs,” Tomovich said.
"Sounds good, I am feeling my hunger growing."
‘Sepia II’ deliver a exquisite minimal house rhythm built over suggestive lines of bass and surrounded by magical chords and emotional pads, bringing a mind blowing environment. An ace track to warm up the night.
Here is what it looks like from the front:
For those of you who aren't familiar with diapers, one size means that they fit from birth until potty training. Pocket diapers are diapers that you stuff with an insert. They go on just like a disposable diaper- no pins or snappies to keep them shut.
Happy New Year to all my friends in cyber-land! I have some wonderful news. I feel so honored to be selected to serve on the iCopic Design Team. It has been hard to keep this a secret.... but I can finally shout it out and I am "bursting with pride"! The community is filled with tenthusiastic, talented artists and I feel I learn so much from them. I am ready to jump in and get started.
You see how it all ties together?
On the negative side, we have a far less charismatic hero in the form of Harry Hole - we're back to the usual stereotype of alcoholic maverick detective, who is determined to solve the case to the point of obsession and losing all of his friends and family.
to hang their music
Another unanticipated result of the shooting of the sheep has been an increase in the population of feral pigs, which has grown from several hundred to several thousand (Pearl, Patton and Lohr 1994). In addition, golden eagles that have been attracted to the Island by the abundant supply of piglets are hunting to extinction the indigenous Santa Cruz Island fox (Van De Kamp 2000; Davison 2003; Schoch 2003).
TESTIMONY (CHOOSE AT LEAST ONE ELEMENT):
This message percolates deeply within my heart.
few of the more famous killers that truly shocked us. There may be many others who have killed more people, but nevermind that. Please stick to the approved list: Manson, Bundy, Berkowitz, Dahmer...
Here's the good news: Graduation is 73 days away. The wedding is only 158 days away. Holy Canoli.
Honestly, what is the point of this holiday other than to stuff ourselves and take post-turkey-inhaled-naps? Oh oh, right...the pilgrims. Yes, yes. Because we all care so deeply about that. Come on, like I can explain this to the French without laughing...
I am currently in the miserable stage of finishing my thesis. After coming back from KK last Saturday, I have lost all momentum in writing. I am aware of what needs to be done but every part of my thesis seems too overwhelming right now. I know you're like, WAIT, you're going to talk about your thesis AGAIN?! That's it! I'm outta here. I completely understand your disgust. Believe me, I am sick of it myself but no matter how hard I try, I just can't stop thinking about it. Since I cannot see your digusted look, I am going to continue typing and give myself the much needed therapy.
And so it would have remained, gentle reader, had not rumours come my ears of a show called Welcome to Thonnet. Playing at the Northcote Town Hall, it is written and performed by Martin Blum. Blum is a very interesting actor: along with talents like Hayley McElhinney and Dan Spielman, he was one of the 12 original members of the STC Actors Company, resigning a couple of years later to travel overseas. The show has been assisted by various other intriguing names: its co-devisors include Chris Ryan, of Thyestes and Wild Duck fame, and Bojana Novakovic (The Story of Mary MacLane, By Herself). Govin Ruben, who's designed lighting for Hayloft and Black Lung, is production designer and provides some incidental performance. In short, all these seemed sufficient reason to wash my inky hands and venture off into the balmy night.
If, it can be shown beyond any reasonable doubt, and I thoroughly believe that it can be by the time we are done, that the church is in heaven, then naturally, that’s where they will rule from. If that becomes an absolute beyond reasonable doubt, then the references about the kingdom on earth, must refer then to the “realm of its control”.
I felt no connection to those names. He could be any one of them.
na bhajanty avajānanti sthānād bhraṣṭā patanty adhaḥ.
Even the Tory Boy Blog is beginning to realise there is something not quite Kosher about The Boy. But of all the stories over the weekend, perhaps the most damaging is the one on aid to India, a story which is set to run and run.
-Amy, on the restaurant RN74
We recently had the pleasure of working with our friends in Mango Season. Their new vibe is groovy and has a 60′s jazzy vibe, so that’s the direction we took with these photos. Bands like Pizzicato Five served as huge inspiration for the look, as well as the soulful sounds of Annie and Curtis Kamiya themselves, the musical wonders behind Mango Season.
His crying now seems more than a bit dishonest.
“I really hated those tapes,” says Lane. ”They were just a bunch of live Clapton sets and things of that nature. There was a Nat King Cole tape that was good though. The collage is definitely a sentimental thing for me though.”
Wait, does this mean that the famous "30 minutes or less" guarantee is going the way of the caveman? Well, they did away with that a long time ago, my friend. By the time they have a delivery option from the moon, those bags that keep my pie hot will work for a year or two in the cold vacuum of space.
Remote Control
I never advocate dehydrating and drying out the skin or over-peeling, so our approach would never be aggravating to your sensitivity. I would say our approach would be to heal rather than do harsh, deep pore methods of treatment, unlike most approaches.
When Black Friday comes I'll be on that hill
While she’s getting her hair done, we see Ki Joon on a marriage date and he’s clearly taking it seriously. It looks like he does want to get married and even if he might not be looking for romance, he wants a partner. Speaking of marriage, it’s time for the famed lie to begin. As Ah Jung reads the article, in walks her dearest (or worst) friend who’s so happy to see her. Not because she wants to catch up but because it gives her a precious chance to brag about her life and look down on our heroine. So Ah Jung is looking like crap while her frenemy, Yoo So Ran, is dressed to the hilt so she shows off her husband who clearly has a history with Ah Jung and they do that irritating thing where married couples ask about your love life.
Conformity of Standards
My eyes fly open. At the edge of the couch, not six inches from my face is Miss Cecily, giving me an impatient, beady-eyed stare now that she has my attention. Oh, I know what this look means: "where the h*ll is MY nap, human?"
Like a lion in the sky,
The idea of there being an essential body of information is a pervasive one, sadly. Even most homeschoolers, and many unschoolers, buy into the idea of there being core subjects, even if they don't buy into the schools idea of teaching them. I used to think that way myself, and to separate what I was doing into "subjects". Hell, I still find myself doing that on occasion! But I find it more freeing to go beyond that, to stop thinking of life as having anything to do with "subjects", and to never place different activities, different types of learning or knowledge, into a hierarchy of importance based on the pervasive schooling mindset of our society. To try instead to let myself gravitate toward the things that simply feel best, feel the most important, empowering, and good to me, whether or not those things are considered important by the rest of the world!
With so many of the old gang back to celebrate Piggy Week, we here at Infomaniac decided to publish photos of all the bitches who most often frequented Taz and Pig’s blog … in case your booze-sozzled minds have forgotten what each other look like.
deicde X-Mas Festival, La Locomotive, Paris, France (08.12.2003)
I've sold more ebooks than I ever even imagined possible, since I first released my first book, Raven, to the world in May. I've gone from selling just a few copies a month to selling hundreds and I'm gobsmacked at the amazing response I've had to the Raven Saga. Most reviews have been extremely positive, with a few not so nice in between, but that's to be expected, of course!
Anyway, so here is the rundown of today: breakfast was normal, lunch was a leftover burger and for dinner we walked to Super Perros for dinner where it was the manager’s sons birthday so we got free Star Wars cake! After that I played racquetball with my friend Alex M. and now I’m incredibly sore. I also had some nachos made at home. Awesomeness. So that’s about it, tomorrow I’ll have something a little more elaborate (with pictures) but that’s all I got for now. See ya tomorrow!
He wakes up really early on fun days, like today. He jumps out of bed ready to go, and ready to talk. He's a party waiting to happen on any given day, but his birthday is definitely the best day of the year for him. This kid loves to celebrate! (He comes by that honestly.)
As a candidate, Barack Obama once endorsed a ban on handguns and favored restrictions on the purchase and possession of firearms. So when gun owners heard of Operation Fast and Furious, many feared the worst.
Dogtor Mark did berry soon come in and gibbs me the once ober, a berry forough look see and all so four shots.
Narrator to Matron: "Mary this play is a metaphor, right? About moving onto another phase in life and maybe even death -- like the Old Man?"
1/2c. sucanat
Pass the message of love
Team with best cards: Not a strong group. Giants, I guess. The Snyder card (he's blowing a bubble) is another one of my favorites.
Where did this awful chain mail present come from? FIANCE!
“Tell that to James Bond.”
We, as teachers, try to find the most politically correct way to tell a parent we are worried about their child academically, physically, etc. because even the best PC phrases, stated in front of our principal are not enough to protect us from a lawsuit. This fine, thin line of trust is stretched because at the end of the day, we want what is best for students and we have to communicate some really scary things to parents.
Immerse yourselves in the ocean of My words, that ye may unravel its secrets, and discover all the pearls of wisdom that lie hid in its depths. Take heed that ye do not vacillate in your determination … This is the changeless Faith of God, eternal in the past, eternal in the future. Let him that seeketh, attain it; and as to him that hath refused to seek it — verily, God is Self-Sufficient, above any need of His creatures.”
To be continued. Again.
To make a long story short, prohibition led to the dismantling of many small breweries around the nation. When prohibition was lifted, government tightly regulated the market, and small scale producers were essentially shut out of the beer market altogether. Regulations imposed at the time greatly benefited the large beer makers. In 1979, Carter deregulated the beer industry, opening the market back up to craft brewers.This message and theme got picked up by Jonathan Chait at the New Republic, and then Chait was commented on by Matt Welch at Reason Magazine's website. Kain then added a rebuttal to Welch on Friday, and the comments there spin off into a wild thread having to do in part with (I can't figure out quite how) gas station hours in Oregon(?!?).
I’m not sure I can come up with three. However, the big one for me is about the actual people handling these cases. Social workers/Case workers need to be experienced, well-educated, highly paid, and frequently reviewed by peers, foster parents, and administrators. I think some of our most frustrating events in foster care happened because of the social/case workers who were handling everything. The workers were overworked, underpaid, and (in some cases) didn’t have the proper training on how to handle certain situations. During our time as foster parents: we were lied to, ignored, called names, and that was just by the social workers. I think having the proper people in foster care would go a long way to improving the system.
I'm nearly back home but will be straight out again for a pre-planned Saturday evening domestic wine and curry evening. A full write-up will appear here tomorrow.
sim ultaneously if only
I have no inspiration to catalogue, no tours to sing the praises of, and no to-do tasks to share. If it hasn’t been done by now, it’s frozen and not getting done until spring. We’re not even in a “pretty” phase of winter, with a landscape looking as if it were dusted by white frosting. No, no. Imagine more of a blighted look, with a dash of grayish, dirty snow and complete with a repressed looking populace, clad in large coats and bad attitudes. So I ask you, what do I write about? I’ve got nothing….
Even though I was out of pocket last Sunday (doing that Starfest thang in Denver), Nick Minecci and Terry Lynn Shull were on the case, with yet another all-new episode of the Sunday G&T Show, their weekly Trek-themed internet radio program and podcast.
This adorable town is not even 15 miles from the border of Spain, in Basque territory. If I had had more time, I would have ventured over, but with only two days, I wanted to absorb what was there—that is, great beaches, shopping, vistas and, bien sur, food.
Of these, films of the fantastic, ones which take aspects of the dominant so-called ‘reality’ and warp them or modify them in various ways have perhaps the greatest potential for the cinema of affects. For example, in a film like Tarkovsky’s Stalker (1979), we see an ordinary industrial wasteland transformed into an alien landscape, simply by means of camera angles, and the strange tale told by the character known as the Stalker. His belief is transferred to the other characters, so that it becomes difficult to tell whether this strange landscape truly has powers in the film-world, whether there is a mass dream or hallucination of sorts, or whether the Stalker is able to influence the minds of the others by the sheer power of his belief. Either way, the setting feels completely. A set of weeds become incredibly dangerous, full of hidden powers, such that rituals are needed to cross them without disaster occuring. An ordinary doorway in a room in an abandoned building becomes the site for the deepest wishes and fears of the main characters to come true.
Or would it be better to have “Lewis Schaffer: It was the last thing he did”
Holy day, holy nation
We had made our way to Jimmy’s apartment, my knuckles busted and bleeding, and that’s when the tears finally came. I was suddenly overwrought and blubbering, shouting at the heavens, “How am I supposed to have kids after this?”
we answer
The same cannot be said of Riteish Deshmukh whose image is firmly planted in the minds of the audiences as that of an actor who is very much at home in playing a me-too role in multi-star cast inane comedies of the likes of the Golmaal or Houseful. He appears to be in obvious discomfort when the scene requires the camera to focus primarily on him; what works for him in TNLHG is that here is that the script demands that he play second fiddle to Genelia. And he seems to be very happy doing that!
I have thought about the life and death of Charles-Antoine Blais every day since that day he was murdered. I'm ashamed I did not speak out at the time more than I did. I was not used to autism advocacy. I thought, what if they are right? They were in charge, after all, making all the decisions, deciding our future. They were the authorities, the people you have to go to, if you are autistic and need help and information. I didn't know any other autistic people, in 1996 and 1997. It would be many years before I got online and found I wasn't the only one who thought what happened was horribly wrong.
A few sprigs of time
4. It's not often I plug a business (never maybe?), but I want to spread the word about my nephew's new venture, Aston Audio Productions in Atlanta. This guy is a music and sound guru and genius, and his company is already taking off. If you have any kind of need for audio production in any form, check out his website: CLICK HERE. And tell him I sent you!
Cooking time: 3 to 5 hours
The Studio Artist line is professional grade make up... which will be availible in just a few weeks.
Olive: (pause) But wait – coal is a rock, right?
**Sweet baby girl, mommy and daddy will never leave you out of our kid count. You are our sweet forever baby, and you will always count.**
I’ve cried many nights alone, a river of tears, an ocean I’ve swam
So, the way I see it is that the medical community can either save or improve your life, and it can also screw it up or kill you. Many people become hooked on all things medical and sometimes suffer as a result. They go from health care hobbyists--because they are on some plan which lets them visit doctors a lot--to health care dependents who are less healthy every year. In some cases it may just be a genetic thing, but I think that sometimes getting into that loop did them in.
Three little birds, sat on my window.
Belle-Belles
Even though I will miss the blog in the time I am taking away from it, I know what will result is a good a positive thing. So be happy, and get excited cause great things are not only coming my way, but they will overflow on to you, my precious readers, too!
Portugal Defaults, America on The Waiting List? Soros Convenes ‘Bretton Woods II’! Washed-Up America Should Be Replaced By a World Government With a Global Currency Under UN Rule! GPs Must Return Flu Vaccine Over Narcolepsy Fears! Portugal Bailout Analysis: Is Spain Next For EU Help? U.S. General: Ground Troops to Invade Libya! Anthony Wile: Cultivating the New World Order! World Government And Global Currency!
Here's Ethan fitting in with the Avengers. His favorite is Hawkeye.
On 29 March a large group of Salafi women held a protest demanding an end to democracy and the implementation of Sharia law, which they believe would secure the release of imprisoned husbands or family members. The group are especially concerned about the fate of 14 missing prisoners who were moved to an unknown location some months ago that the authorities refuse to account for.
b.George W. Bush, Jr
The old door, rollers, and track were just being junked. So Uncle told DH to
So ask me if I will support Mitt Romney for President, and I will reply, "you know darn well I'm not."
- Can Peter even get back to his timeline? I mean it is his universe, but it developed differently because he was removed as if he never excisted.
I've been known to dream vividly and have always had a tendency to dream about unrecognizable places only for them to show up in my waking world days, weeks, or sometimes years later. I can't tell you how many times I have been driving through a city or an unfamiliar place I have never been and see a house or place that jarred my memory of having been there before in a dream.
Arrival time at Kunming: 7am (4 hours flight)
Can you see where I'm going with this yet?
There are 4 kinds of people in this world,
Materials : Soft Quality Cotton
Thanks for stoppin by!
-Do you carry that same “the ordinary is so boring” feeling that Haruhi has, Tanigawa-san?
Howbeit we speak wisdom among them that are perfect: yet not the wisdom of this world, nor of the princes of this world, that come to nought: But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom, which God ordained before the world unto our glory: Which none of the princes of this world knew: for had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory. But as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him. But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God. For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God. Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God. Which things also we speak, not in the words which man’s wisdom teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth; comparing spiritual things with spiritual. But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him: neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned. But he that is spiritual judgeth all things, yet he himself is judged of no man. For who hath known the mind of the Lord, that he may instruct him? But we have the mind of Christ.
Part of our traveling took us to Indianapolis, the headquarters for the area executive covering Latin America and the Caribbean division of Global Ministries. There we embraced by our partners, took part in a debriefing, a psychological interview and attended several meetings where we redefined our responsibilities for the next few months.
Although this may not be a high street fashion blog,
Producer: Suzie Liggat
One of the struggles that many people have with child sexual abuse is that they believe that if a child is old enough to have sex then she is old enough to make decisions about her body and her relationships.
To go with all these eggs, we had many fry-ups, and as a family we probably consumed around 624 sausages over the course of the year.
A fool calls her Pandora
US Summit 18.0 % 0.34 oz 9.6 Loose Pellet Hops 20 Min From End
Dies - Spellbinders nestabilities circles, Spellbinders ribbon tags, PTI Damask impression plate
We can ill afford any *Public Servants* in the future that have been tax-feeders. Their solutions to everything will be to tax the private sector people more, and to *give* that tax money to themselves, their friends, and people just like them.
Marimekko prints and designs for Crate & Barrel certainly fit the bill and scream spring with its bold colors and fun prints while maintaining other designs in neutral colors that work year round. The Finnish originated designs have their own section within Crate & Barrel and have had a long standing relationship with them for over 60 years (who knew Finnish design was so well established abroad!) These pieces would make such fabulous gifts though I am thinking of gifting myself with the Etta bag below (ahh the perils of window shopping for the blog!)
In the middle of the night we pile into a station wagon holding sleeves of powdered doughnuts and cartons of milk. Aunt Liz drives while the girls throw newspapers out the windows onto deserted lawns. It’s Ginny’s paper route but they all pitch in. I sit in the seat that pops up in the back, the one that faces backward. We laugh silly tired.
This is a sample of foundation primer which does double-duty as an anti-acne gel.
It also lead me to think alot about my daughter and what she could accomplish if I was brave enough to set her out into the world with her own little business venture.
(TL NOTE At least 3, Turner, Johnson, Gregory fought Union side)
engulfing
Dinner Gammon, pineapple, jacket potato & veg
So when I have the opportunity to recall something brilliant and delicious that we’ve ignored for a while, it’s like rediscovering an old friend. Take, for example, the other evening, when I had made gluten-free chicken nuggets from scratch to appease the kids, and I was sort of rattling around the kitchen not really feeling inspired by the vegetable options. It wasn’t until I came across a random rogue sweet potato — also, itself, forgotten — that it occurred to me to revisit a certain sweet potato and green bean dish we had LOVED when I first concocted it.
It is your decision, which one you choose.
1 grain
Sony can turn the tables around, and make things much better for its future. And we would assume that Sony has a plan – they did not spend €1.05 billion on a hunch. Sony Ericsson hasn’t been making the best profits, but we should start seeing some strategy changes soon.
Rolling Stones Sympathy for the devil UK
You appeared for lunch
Next appointment: January 5th
(Can I be sure? Does Time connect
I am the child that struggles in school,
and the back show how I incorporated the sewing, even though I don't have a machine that has feed dogs.
I could tell you of how bewildered we have been to witness a British government act in a manner more befitting China. I could tell you how each deliberate lie, each serpent tongued statement and guarantee of consultation rankled and oozed. I could tell you that something fundamental in us was mortally wounded when finally we produced cold, hard evidence to prove the government were saying one thing and doing quite the other, to then witness the government's nose grow proportionately only to it's falsehoods.
Chapters 1-12 in Romans give us great doctrine about the truths of salvation. This doctrine benefits us in very practical ways in day to day living. Romans Chapter 13 continues to deal with our relationships – not just with our brothers and sisters in Christ, and not just with our specific enemies – but our relationship to “higher powers.”
Example: If only there was more time in the day! THEN I could get my house clean.
“No! God no!” The patient dry-heaves, dismissing the blood. “Who do you think I am? I do NOT take blood from north of the river.
9. "Black women are so sexy." (You may think this is a compliment, but it's just another form of stereotyping or fetishizing African-American women.)
Hello dear m friends and my fellow ...
from the last tulip —
This story, continued from last issue, is stated as taking place "Spring, 1874". Ooookay, 1874 it is. (Mr. Fleisher, you're killing me here with your continuity). We are treated to a splash page stating that Jonah is tracking the Apaches that have kidnapped Adrian Vaden. Then we get a 1 page recap of the flashback and on page three we pick up when Jonah is captured by the Kiowas.
In mild panic, the plane was due to leave in 10 mins I accosted the stewardess and explained the situation. Then I sprinted the 500m back to the restaurant. Chest heaving and heart hammering I arrived, got the bag from the staff and then ran back to the plane. Its moments like these when you realise that you are staggeringly unfit and you hate running!
My goal: 1:40-1:45 per 400m, nine times
Please realize I was just disappointed, in NO way am I slamming Cleveland because I had a wonderful time and would do it again. Why?
And seemingly had no trouble doing it.
Similarly looking at the Ayat of Qur’an we can see that Jihad is undertaken to convey Islam, and to remove the barriers from implementing and propagating Islam, this can be seen from the rules to do with Jihad as well. So we can define Jihad as struggling to remove the material barriers to conveying the Islamic Da’wa, whether it is by the physical means, or by wealth or expressing an opinion concerning the same.
I have already received photos from a few members so please feel free to either email me photos of your piece or you can post them on Facebook and mention me in the photo which helps me see it!
This year has been for the most part good.
Good morning everyone!! I hope you are having a great day....I have nothing to do today except stamp!! Well, I could mop the kitchen floor, clean the bathrooms, run the sweeper, dust, but I really don't want to so off to the craft room I go...LOL!!! I'm feeling a lot better...thanks for all the well wishes!! I went back to the doctor Monday and she decided I did have pneumonia so I got some antibiotics, an inhaler, and some cough syrup with codiene. The cough is still there but I have a little more get up and go...yeaaaa!!!
Talk about a tipping point. With all of the moves we've made, the changes we've undergone, and the traditions that we have jettisoned, my strong preference would have been to have one thing - just one - to hang onto.
He conducts research on the advanced functions of nucleic acids, including the discovery and analysis of novel ribozymes, deoxyribozymes and noncoding RNAs. His laboratory also studies ligand-binding RNAs called riboswitches that control gene expression in many species from all three domains of life.
"Listen!" said Grandma, "We've been getting that sort of talk for years, and we've had enough of it! I understand you own the Oregon Western Railroad. I've heard tell that you own the State House at Salem and everybody in it. But you don't own the Putnam Ranch, and we're through
From Deschutes, we walked to the burnside bridge, and then down to the springwater corridor to Morrison, which dumped us right in front of Hair of the Dog. Inside, there were special samples of new beers awaiting us on the draft towers. Peach Fred, and Apricot Fred, both aged in oak barrels for 17 months. Sounded promising! I've enjoyed every other version of Fred I've ever tried, be it regular Fred, Fred from the Wood, Cherry Fred, or Bourbon Fred, but these fell short of the mark on all accounts. To be fair, I kind of liked the peach fred. It was very chunky, with bits of fruit suspended in the beer, but I've enjoyed chunky beer in the past, so that wasn't too much of a put-off. It tasted of peach ice tea. Not just the sweet peach up front, but also a perceived black tea like astringent flavor in the finish. I love peach iced tea. It was also still a bit hot, so there were essences of schnapps in there too. Again, not a bad thing, but it wasn't like any of the other times I tried a new Fred: it wasn't a "wow" moment.
It's funny how we become depleted.
May the Almighty God give us the grace to repent immediately our ways in Jesus name. May the Almighty God give us the grace to restitute our ways in Jesus name.
Wow. I knew I hadn't posted in quite some time, but I didn't realize it had been early April since my last post! I have some new followers (thank you!) and just wanted to pop in to say I'll be back when school starts.
On dating: “I don’t get asked out. This past year, I haven’t been home, so who’s going to ask me?”
12/939,284 filed on 11-04-2010 which is Pending claims the benefit of 11/586,315
Rob Wense for that wonderful poster and so much more.
3) Place cheese in the cut slices then ham and pineapple.
Might as well start the year off with a bang-diggity, right? As stated in my previous post, one of my resolutions this year was to "get organized." Vague, I know. But I'm really, really working on it. One space at a time....
Neptune Collonges’ and Sunnyhillboy’s battle at the end will go down as one of the best in history, but the result now seems irrelevant.
4. Vacations- Yes, teachers take the vacations that usually cost the most because well, that is when we really have TIME to take a vacation. Our family doesn't go on crazy trips, but we take one nice trip to a resort not far from us. It is quiet, sweet, and we know NO ONE... perfect.
Toodle-pip,
Some elves (St John ambulance, the UK's leading first aid charity, always attend our sporting events)
But lets fast forward on that same friend (or ourselves) 2 or 3 weeks. They blew into the New Year, without a plan, proclaiming their new found willpower to the free world…and then fell on their face. We’ve all done it. I can remember as a teen having a list of half a dozen resolutions that were going to make me a better person magically at midnight. I’d wiggle on them, then I’d wobble, then I’d ungracefully fall flat on my face in a catastrophic failure of all six at the same time. Next year I’d come around to the same and, sure enough, do a rinse and repeat.
We, meaning me, have decided that we, meaning me, are going to potty train WilliePMir. Let me tell you that this is, NOT AT ALL, fun! On top of that, EAM is teething. Poor little guy, you can see the tooth under the gums.
1 saturday
1. Please link up your intended post, NOT your blog homepage url. (post, then click the title of your post, cut and paste that url)
And foolishly stated this to a coworker.
So I developed my own philosophy in which I’m bound to no single belief but incorporate tidbits of wisdom from all areas under one umbrella that I call Amalgamism. It’s not enough to simply pick up these tidbits as I go, I must actively seek them out, from such varied sources as ancient literature, religious texts, and graffiti on the men’s room wall.
Penzeys Spices
I kind of think bad doctors are far more likely to come here for our money, than good doctors here leaving us to go to — where? Where do doctors make more money??? Unless you’re doing a private practice for the rich (who live everywhere), you’re probably going to make more money in America than anywhere else. This is why people come to America (in general).
What the councillors don’t do is any sort of practical doing things type work. They don’t do the paperwork or arrange for the money to be delivered to the people who will spend it. They don’t go out and fix pot-holes or collect rubbish. That’s for the paid council employees to do. Councillors provide policies and direction, and they aren’t paid (they can claim expenses, within reason). Most of them have day jobs as well, which means that the time they can spend on Council stuff is pretty limited.
Stop.
When I was living here in the garret of Cotesbach Hall where I am again as I write this, I would see Sam Towers almost every day. He would walk across the yard carrying his leather bucket on his way to tend to his hens in the old schoolhouse behind the battered door (pictured) and to dig his vegetable garden.
"How can I get to the harbor?" The man asked us.
CHAPTER XVIII – The Grey Dragon Tu Masa
There are a number of things that a person might look for when searching for a good pair of headphones. Maybe you want your headphones to be wireless. Maybe you want them to be comfortable. Maybe you’d like a combination of different things, and all at a reasonable price. Well that’s a reasonable request. But there is one thing that no good pair of headphones should ever be without, and that is a noise cancelling feature. With the hectic world around us today, the hustle and bustle of everyday life, we are constantly bombarded with things that we’d quite frankly deal without. The power to be able to turn off the world around us with the switch of a button is there, for anyone that owns a pair of the best noise cancelling headphones.
As a choreographer of dance, my thoughts ran on an inner movie screen, piecing together, pairing steps, and gaining an overall perception of what I wanted to communicate. Sometimes it was an entire storyline, while other times a simple emotion like rage or envy, concern or wonder. I've even shown chaos--that's always fun.
Level 19: Mastery: +48%, Accuracy: +114.
(I snuggled in) It's so easy to hide. And it's so hard to not hide.
The difference between a garlic roaster and a honey pot in my studio is about 1/4 lb of clay and 2 inches of height. The difference between a sugar bowl and a garlic roaster is the holes I later punch in the front of the roaster. HA! It makes sense to throw them at the same time so I don't have to switch gears to another shape. I sell my pottery at our summer weekend farm stands, where we have raw honey from our hives and produce from our gardens for sale on Saturday mornings. I try to make items that "go with" the produce or honey or eggs that we are selling. Pie plates, batter bowls, and little planters filled with started herb seedlings are also popular farm stand items. It felt good to finally put away the space heaters and open the windows and doors in the studio, now that we consistently have temperatures above freezing at night. There was a slight breeze last night and the air smelled like fruit blossoms and lilacs. I'm not a great morning person, and with morning farm chores/milking, it is easier to do my "studio time" at night.
The biggest problem we have in making progress on education reform really is the repeated bad faith of education “reformers” and the climate of suspicion and mistrust that’s created. Given how they’ve behaved in the past, given that we see Michelle Rhee collaborating with Tea Party Republicans to strip teachers of their collective bargaining rights, there is no trust between teachers and reformers, and parents are badly split.
I think it’s important that I’m here to make him experience life at it’s fullest. Sports, education, travel, reading… he will do everything because options are some of the most important things in life!
And here we are, at the end of surely one of the most incompetent first seasons of any show to ever grace our goggle-tubes, firmly straddling the breach between unnecessary complexity and sheer idiocy.
but through your loving mercy
3. El Raspao (2:41)
Many thanks to Jon for agreeing to this interview and here’s wishing loads of success with Mortlock and his writing career!
Drizzle continued to fall as we walked towards the main square. However, it seemed as thought the mist was thinning near the mountain tops.
The passport most certainly does not answer questions, in fact it presents us with even more.
* Before achieving publication did you have to deal with rejection along the way? How did it feel to finally secure the publishing deal?
It's probably a surprise, then, when I say my favorite character in the script was Jeannie – the babysitter! While I may not have agreed with her storyline, she was beautifully written. She had personality and chutzpah and life. Here dialogue was top-notch, representative of her type (overly positive, quirky) yet never over-the-top, never written to draw attention to itself. It was almost like Solomon was so burdened by the drama he had to explore in Adam’s family, that he needed an outlet. And Jeannie became that outlet. If only her presence was more natural in the story, it would’ve been perfect.
Pliable
“Americans have not only reached the bottom of the garbage pail, but we have eaten right on through the bottom.”
Take out the phyllo pastry and sheets and lay them in between two moist towels. This is to keep the sheets moist and to prevent them from drying up and breaking when you try to roll them later on. Wash your asparagus, snap off the stalk part at the bottom, blanch them in boiling water for 3 minutes, plunge them into cold water to stop the cooking, then let them dry. Melt the butter in a small dish.
Oh, the Sheraton. I love it. Put a heart at the end. Cause there's a lot of unschoolers there, I meet people, there's a swimming pool really near and it's big for playing hide-and-seek in. And there's two other things, three actually. There's lots of activities, like art, games, and other cool stuff, like nature walks. But I've never been on one of those, there.
*Figure out my fourth year rotations
I went for a run along the route early this morning, before the streets were completely closed down. As I run, I realize that downtown is only a 30 min jog from our front steps. I run at the edge of the street, where cars usually park. The streets have been transformed into wide, tree-lined avenues–all because of the absence of parked cars. Even through there are scattered cars driving (a little confusedly) down the road, I begin to feel that these are my streets.
Oh yeah, tits.
1 injured
We see Kelly, licking a crab!
Hi to all you lovely Papertakers and I have some good news to share.
The police elected to use a taser in “drive stun” mode in order to force Smith to cough up the DNA sample. On the basis of that evidence – which was extracted through torture, albeit of a comparatively mild variety, Smith was hit with a 24-count criminal indictment. He was also charged with "criminal contempt of court" for forcing his interrogators to torture him.
CLEANSING IS NORMAL. NOT ALWAYS FUN
Can it be that you want to leave us today, O Lord of self-determined action,
So Iron caster has been running for two weeks at present and well the results are interesting.
I believe that everything that the average Japanese can understand when watching the show should be understandable to the person who watches with subtitles. Of course it’s not always possible, but you should aim for it. Localization is a slippery ground, because there are times when it’s hard to decide what should be localized and what not. This is especially a problem when it comes to words that have no direct English equivalent. Consider modern words like tsundere or moe, or just pretty much any part of the Japanese cuisine. I’d say it’s a matter of personal preference how much to localize, but of course there are limits. You don’t put “raw fish rice nibbles” for sushi, since everyone, even people totally unfamiliar with the Japanese culture know what that is.
At Poets United, we are asked to choose a quote and use it as our springboard. For the rest of the prompt, and some quotes to start us, head over.
2. Try the caring, direct approach
What Jude tells us we need to do is ‘…wait for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ that leads to eternal life.’ What does Jude mean?
Annette was the daughter of James and Annette Markoe. Her mother was reported to have been a mistress of J.P. Morgan before she married Dr. Markoe, who was J.P. Morgan's physician and close friend, as well as a prominent surgeon. Although Dr. Markoe had not been married before, his wife had previously married and divorced William Wetmore. The divorce proceedings and the alimony arrangements were decided by the New York Supreme Court and reported in the NY Times in 1890. Apparently Dr. Markoe's marriage to a divorcee with children was not considered scandalous enough to keep them out of the social pages. In addition to her previous children, they had only one child together - Annette.
Crystalwinds explains how this controversy was regarded in ancient Egypt: “… snakes were certainly not seen always a threatening creatures in ancient Egypt, as they seem to have been in other societies. In fact, they were frequently seen as protective and it was Mehen, another snake deity who helped protect the sun god in the underworld. Likewise, it was the cobra goddess Wadjet who helped protect the king.”
It's publication day tomorrow and you must allow me a little gloat here about this fine young man. So far I've been interviewed on Radio 4's Open Book, by the Oxford Times and the Oxford Mail, who married me off to Ross King! (I had a hard time explaining that one to me husband).
Once I am home, I take the cards out and begin reading each one carefully. Some make me laugh but most of them bring tears to my eyes knowing these precious children need something to believe in. After many prayers, lots of research and conversations with a minister/colleague of mine at Women’s Hope Medical Clinic, I put together some information for these hurting children. So here are only a FEW of the questions…..
Eben Meyer, 47, apparently pulled on the cell bars in an attempt to get the attention of police officers on duty, Die Burger reported.
The last time I had - 9 years ago today - dad was by my side.
Well, the answer will probably not please most of you. While you knew deep down it had to change at some point, the timing of the change is what is bad.
Oil - little, for frying
In the world of rock n' roll, there's a lot of crappy bands, a few good bands, and fewer great bands. However, every now and then there's those bands that come along where you listen to them and immediately go, "They've got it!" That phrase right there is hard to describe. It's something within the music, something genuine, something that just clicks. When I first heard Dead Sara's EP The Airport Sessions, I immediately said that very very phrase to myself - "They've got it!"
September 12th I’d scheduled a meeting with my house builder to get some deficiences looked after that were covered by the new home warranty program. We’d bought our house in ’97, here it was 2002 and the builder was still involved and only meeting to go over what had to be repaired after I’d filed a discrepancy report with the warranty program which was government run.
The Inner Ear
Our transmission is nearing its end beloved children, but my love for each of you is never-ending. Give yourself a hug from the inside as well; tell yourself you love YOU just the way you are. You are a beautiful child of God and you are loved by Him, by me and by many, many beloved spiritual beings.
Of course there was more to do in my free time than just mindless killing, joyous as it was. One of my favorite ways to make money was by playing taxi driver. Just jack a taxi, kill the driver and start picking up fares. It was a great way to rack up cash, especially since GTAIII was far more generous with the green than later GTA titles would be. Making quick cash early on in GTAIII was never a problem.
Who: out with Cathy and friends
All this to say - please be careful while driving/walking. A child could easily run out in front of a car and if your head is down for a moment - it could be tragic.
I also wanted to make sure you've purchased a copy of An Honest Lie Vol. 3. My stupendous CP has her short "The Skin Script" inside its glossy covers, and Steph gets a book deal if she sells a whole bunch of copies - so click here! And also make sure you visit Steph's blog for updates on all of her publications and interviews. She's one to follow. Find her here.
According to the web copy, Calera is a quiet community that “beats an exhilarating modern pulse.” Any idea on meaning here? It could be cardiovascular or a fiesta of word garbage. This is harsh sounding, I know, but I’m ultra-sensitive to waste words. (Keep in mind I’m guilty of unnecessary verbosity so please do criticize me in the comments.)
The article says this could be dropped for our sakes, yet there is no hint that this is a totally unfair practice to start with - I've blogged a few times before about the pointlessness of learning either of these languages, while of course, huge swathes of Europeans learn the international language of business as a matter of course - we do not need to learn minority languages, unless we want to work in France, the Ivory Coast or Germany, or apparently the EU
Developed through years of scientific research and endorsed by leaders in the pet industry, the channel has dog approved content that provides the right kind of company for your home-alone canine.
And in the beerplace on the other sidewalk
Is not that I have not worked extra hours, but this time, the feeling is way much different from what I used to do. While working, it's still OK, but when I got to the car driving home, I was hoping that either the car or myself grew additional pair of wings!!! or suddenly, I can just accelerate and whooooooooofffffffff I am HOME!!! I can't wait to see Princess at home and I was kind of worry of her with the helper!
Chris then cut a few small potatoes in half and carved simple raised shapes into the flesh of the potato with a kitchen knife. We then passed them over to LLC for her dipping enjoyment and a little added twist to her finger smears.
You've been commissioned to turn the book--or some of the stories--into a script! How did that come about? What's it like for you?
4. Place in a sunny place and wait for the plant to develop a lot of roots. And be sure to check water level often and refill as needed.
And finally, an update on Farmhouse, my BAP. I'm really enjoying stitching on this. It's block colour and comes together so quickly. I really do think I'll have this done by the end of the year :)
Rasa bercinta betul nak duduk on it, fikir 4-5 kali whether I really need to use the toilet or not sebab sejuk giler the seat. It feels like I could have frozen my a**e off by sitting on it!
Super Mario Brothers. No one should be too afraid by this. There's a acceptable adventitious that if you were built-in in the '80s, this was your aboriginal game. It comes with Duck Hunt. I was appealing excited.
- I have to admit that I didn't keep many notes when I was making this bread, but you can see step by step photos of how this bread is made on this post by BBA Challenge founder Nicole. Members of the Challenge are asked to not post the recipe.
unless, of course, one counts the “little horse”
All you can think about is "SHIT, I HAVEN'T COMBED MY HAIR YET," and once the initial shock fades, "Dude, I USED to be more attractive than her. WHAT HAPPENED?"
8 Wanda Vidal
Tonight (Saturday) I'm going to a massive school reunion.
It’s only a few feet but I’ve got the height advantage and the momentum. I step forward in a couple of strides and throw the flat of my forehead down onto the bridge of Tony’s nose.
In his blog yesterday, Richard wrote: “I wonder will the Fringe brochure people object if the “O” of cock is… hidden behind a big splurge of dripping white liquid… (it) might be allowed because a splurge of white liquid is not on the list of rude words.”
Or will they plumb for fresh air, space and the chance to narrow the wealth gap with the Umnoputras (the select percentile who have benefited from Umno’s corrupt rule such as the party bigwigs and their cronies)?
Roy Barnes likes dead foster kids.
Anwaar: No, no, Saameira, you’re not the reason why Imtithal cried.
*After having an enjoyable time at the dinner party (after being dragged essentially kicking and screaming by Megan), Don drunkenly tells Megan to pull over the car so that they can “make a baby.” I continue to feel like Happy Don is very unsettling. And sitting idly by at the whorehouse and not partaking of its… party favors? And then being wizened older guy on the car ride home with Pete? Not that I wish the guy ill or anything but jeez… this is getting weird.
I just finished cleaning out the fish tank. Random I know. Why post about it? Well, it was on my list of 'things I need to do but don't want to so keep putting off.' It was green and icky and well over due, so today I whipped out the gear and cleaned it. This blog has been on that list too. What to do with it? Continue on, posting intermittently, somehow find the time and inclination to post more often even though I haven't yet, change it up? This was essentially just the kids space, and easy way to record those day to day events and trips. It's the longest running blog I have now, probably because it's about everyone else, so I don't suffer huge doses of insecurity and delete it. Gah, my brain hurts, I remember why I was putting this off.
I’ve always been intrigued by the sea—perhaps from growing up along the Gulf coast of Florida—and art. My mother and sister-in-law are visual artists, and my husband is a cartographer who makes terrain into works of art. Personally, however, I count myself fortunate when I can draw a simple three-dimensional object in graphite. Forget color! I admire how artists see and translate their subjects. I’m also interested in mother-daughter relationships. More than one story I’ve written explores those relationships, which can be difficult, though critical.
But YOU--the writer who's just finished your first novel and are trying to make a decision as to what's best to do. (and this doesn't apply to people who just want to publish for their own pleasure) Aside from following my mantra of "write, edit, rewrite, rewrite again, rewrite some more, edit, proof, repeat" (meaning don't ever send out a first draft as a finished product), what else should you do?
At the end of the speech, Paul handicapped the presidential race.
Hipsters: a terrible breed of humanity that tend to invade old and rustic areas of cities.
Glory days!
There's a walk to practice whenever we walk. I feel that, as a leader, I have a lucky break in this. I can practice my walk slightly more discreetly than a follower. Who would tend to practice walking backwards. In high heels.
The great thing about Valentines Day is that, if you're a girl, you get to do nothing. Well, nothing official. Picking a place to have dinner, making reservations, planning other romantic date stuff, that's all out of our hands. This makes the day excruciatingly suspenseful, at least for me.
Hottie McNaughty will be on hand to keep it tidy and Pinky Shines and Ruby Whiines will be our raffle mavens for the evening.
They just opened a new Good will not far from me! I may have went on a bad afternoon, but I was not real impressed. But I did manage to find the items below!
8. Come Back Margaret – Camera Obscura
Rawlings All American Wheeled Player Bag
Click behind the jump to see the rules:
Kate Spades mobile “pop-up” shop. Japanese Floral courtesy of world-renowned wallpaper and textile designer Florence Broadhurst.
And all the while, a kindly old gentleman stood at his window watching ........ and smiling.
Kanazawa flatly states in his book that when it comes to sex, women have all the choice. He says that female choice is a reality in virtually all mammals, an assertion I will take for granted. Of course, it's pretty well known that men are generally much more eager and much less discriminatory in regard to sexual intercourse. Men typically want greater numbers of sex partners than women do, and when it comes to short-term relationships, such as a one-night stand, are much less picky than women.
Submitted by Mark Reed
Sending all my love this morning.
TO PREPARE FLAVORED MILK-
Her car is awesome too btw and I finally got a picture to share with ya'll of it's vintage glory.
Kate: That last theme in particular really resonates with me. Is there anything you’re working on now that you’d like to tell us about?
Another First World War fable was of German’s bayoneting babies and cutting the hands off children. These, and other disgraceful lies, were designed to make the Americans despise the Germans so that they would fight in Europe. The stories worked so well that when the same liars began peddling their evil stories in the Second World War, the brain-washed people of Great Britain and America swallowed them up. Even today the Germans are seen by many TV-educated people as barbarians who, given the opportunity, would commit all manner of crimes against helpless civilians.
Next, I spray painted the whole thing "Cherry Red." (Make sure the contact paper is stuck down really well. Otherwise the force from the spray paint will cause the template to flip up when you are painting it. If this happens, just go over it with a little white craft paint on a sponge brush.)
Makes 20 bars.
The conclusion was very exciting, and every plot thread was wrapped up. Even though it had a satisfying resolution, it does feel like there is room for sequels since more adventure is probably in store for Kiram.
“The Qur’aan will meet its companion on the Day of Resurrection when his grave is opened for him, in the form of a pale man. It will say to him, ‘Do you recognize me?’ He will say: ‘I do not recognize you.’ It will say: ‘I am your companion the Qur’aan, who kept you thirsty on hot days and kept you awake at night. Every merchant benefits from his business and today you will benefit from your good deeds.’ He will be given dominion in his right hand and eternity in his left, and there will be placed on his head a crown of dignity, and his parents will be clothed with priceless garments the like of which have never been seen in this world. They will say: ‘Why have we been clothed with this?’ It will be said: ‘Because your son used to recite Qur’aan.’ Then it will be said to him: ‘Recite and ascend in the degrees of Paradise,’ and he will continue to ascend so long as he recites, either at a fast pace or a slow pace .”
loopholes than the law allows.
Kuya Richard – I wish you all the best in your life, regards to your family.
This is her dining room, all ready for the party!
Depends on my mood, although I think I will read The Color Purple, the new Kate Morton, or a Bronte next.
Rick and Amil find a strange girl washed up on the shore with a stranger pendant that glows eerily. After leaving her in a doctor’s care, they prepare for another day of baking, but the chimney is blocked by a fallen branch, and the pressure destroys the oven. The gang pays a visit to Hank in the Dwarven mountains, who demands steep upfront payment. That night the military orders a townwide curfew and blackout, as a fleet of pirate ships approaches the island. The girl wakes up, knowing little but her name – Kaguya. The light of her pendant attracts angry soldiers. The ship fires a devastating blow near the town, but an automaton Hank has in his shop returns fire, destroying the ship.
It actually worked better than I had thought. I got everything as even as I could...
THE WIND GODS, music by Pinar Toprak
Remember, the table-top RPG experience is simply people sitting around and telling a good yarn. You don’t need rules. You don’t even need to read fantasy, sci-fi or horror. You don’t even need to be a nerd. You can play it any way you like.
but i loved the way the bright green leaves
I got married really young and together we made friends. But sometimes marriages don't always work out and friends feel as if they need to pick one person over the other, while repeating over and over "I'll be both of your friends--separately". Yeah--that doesn't work so much. Let's just say that I was apparently not the 'fun' half of my marriage...which is sad because I loved so many of our couple friends.
Merciless but not quite cruel
6.Potatoes,sweet potatoes
While we are waiting to see the results of our labors in Daegu and London however, I am going to start a list of those athletes that I feel are in the best position to medal. Looking at factors such as performance marks, competitive results, health and age I will try and gauge where we are with respect to reaching the elusive thirty medals. Hence I will call it my “Thirty Watch List”. As we head into Penn and what is traditionally the time of year where athletes begin to blossom I decided to start the list now, so the first version will appear below and I will update it periodically during the season. I’m hoping that by season’s end we are above the 22/23 medals that we have earned in the past two championships. I would love to see athletes like Jenny Barringer (1500), Galen Rupp (5000/10000), Matt Tegenkamp (5000/10000), Dathan Ritzenhein (5000/10000), Andra Manson (HJ), Anna Pierce (800/15000), et al can begin to move into medaling position.
OK, now on to the homestead. Several types of fruit were frozen at the end of last season, and knowing I needed to make room for the coming season spurred me on to canning them this week. I made an elderberry/blackberry jam, an elderberry/blueberry jam, and a passionfruit/lemon/vanilla curd that made the house smell heavenly.
He suggested that, beginning November 3-7, 2010 (‘Yellow Galactic Seed’ Tzolkin date) careful contemplation of the Shift of the Ages and an awareness of our position in affecting the way we move forward will facilitate the dawning of the last step in our evolution. Seeing all of Creation from 3114BC divided into nine ‘Underworlds’ of ever-decreasing length, Dr Calleman (and others) agree with Mayan calculation that in that week in November we emerged from the last ‘night’ of the penultimate phase –the eighth Galactic Underworld which began January 1999, consisting of a wave-cycle of six fluctuating ‘days’ and ‘nights’– and that we now stand in the seventh ‘day’ of that wave, preparing to enter the final Universal Underworld, the Ninth Wave, in February next year. That is only two months from now. In that final cycle of existence, according to the Maya — and to thousands of believers of other faiths around the world — we are capable of manifesting ‘one thousand years of peace and harmony’ on our shared planet.
Her body speaks in sublime rhymes
2011-02-28
A nice addition. Classy. Not cheap but also not overly expensive and an impressive selection of 10 beers on tap. Nicely poured beers, I might add. A place to attend to remind yourself that yes, you are indeed in Tokyo. Posh with a rich Japanese clientelle.
11 need
Many people associate cupcakes with the popularity of homemaking of the 1950s and 1960s, but this is a myth. Cupcakes were no more popular during that time period than they are today. Most likely is that adults associate cupcakes with memories from their childhood. What is different today is that cupcakes have gone crazy! Traditionally, t hey were made for children in basic flavors. Today the cupcake has gone groumet, and is playful, hip, and glamorous. Over the past few years cupcake bakeries have opened around the country, with people waiting late at night in lines out the door. The craze is here to stay
What is sin, but rebellion against God? Mercy and forgiveness are yours if you ask Him.
*kissey face*
I know that the entire musical movement of quirky covers to pop, hip-hop, and classic rock songs is quickly becoming really, really stupid. But I can’t help myself, and this sweet female voice singing nasty T.I. lyrics is very enjoyable even if its bad for me. Like lardo and head cheese at Giostra.
I can make two related points in Auster’s terms:
There are also two long linen skirts--one a kind of putty color, which I will really have to think about, and a white one, which may become purple later on. I don't know what color I could dye the putty one--I'll have to look at it in the light and see if there's any undertone--if it's blue under there, it could go purple. If it's red, maybe russet (yeah, I need some russet dye--russet seems to be on my mind here lately, although I have no clue why).
just might find there way into my dreams tonight
Mandy stowed her laundry basket back in her closet and sat on the bed to scratch behind Lucky’s ears. “What’s going on?”
My route of doom is the Fox Creek Spur/Round House Loop at Rockwood Range in Wildwood, MO. I actually enjoy the trail, to an extent, because the landscape is gorgeous and I often see a lot of wildlife (a coyote, yesterday), but you can only love a route that goes up and down, up and down, up and down, so much….
Breather
I have decided to surround myself with some diligent and determined spaces that conjure up productive
Minerva wept and shuddered as Trey held her in his arms, Wayne’s open and cold dead eyes staring at both of them.
None of this seemed like brain science, but I used it in the talks I do in schools about the brain, and how brains work differently, and how you can discover how your brain works. (For details, see Know Your Brain.)
Some highlights:
Over the longer term I’m aware the lady squeeze is serious about getting married. She isn’t joking. It’s not a wind up. I’m over the fear, I’ve accepted that there is a price to pay, in liberty, for keeping a top piece of totty under my duvet; I’d just prefer not to be asked what I think. I don’t think. I’m happy with whatever. I don’t need a democratic voice. I require the benign dictatorship of someone with my best interests at heart. Since she started telling me what to do with my life, my diet has improved through the introduction of vegetables, my career has gone on its uppers and I dress better. As for input into these wedding decisions, I care not for cakes, dresses, locations, or invite lists or anything. Even if some of the sums of money mentioned make me swear and blaspheme (I’m fond of Jesus Arsing Christ, as my current blasphemy. I never really got putting H in there). As far as my involvement goes, I put money in the joint account, she can have what she likes, and I’ll turn up on the day without a hangover. Much like the house we live in. She seems to think asking me about furnishings and decoration and kitchens is somehow relevant. It isn’t. “Whatever, how much? Christ, how much? Okay then”, is the sum total of all I need to be involved. An extra £3 a week through the tax system for being married is buttons, but in all honesty I rather have those buttons in my pocket. £3 is a 2 litre bottle of White Star 7.5% cider from the co-op. Putting £3 in my pocket instead of cheap cider drinking dole scroungers is possibly one of the more socially responsible things a government could do. I can spend my own money better than the government, thank you very much. I can spend my own money on what I want, not what people tell me to spend it on or government doing it for me.
Cannot think of another? How about the squatters and the taxpayers? The squatters always complain- they have no shelter, food, job, and education given the fact that they don’t give a damn about taxpaying. The taxpayers? They complain less given the entirely blatant fact that taxes and other responsibilities have been deducted to their paychecks.
We haven't had much bright sunshine this winter so when I saw the light shining off the flat surface of the water through the twigs, I had to take this picture. It looks better enlarged but it doesn't capture the full sparkle properly.
Doc Drumheller / Two palindromes from: 10 x (10 + -10) = 0 / 15
The building beyond the courtyard was a labyrinth of hallways, the air filled with sandal wood incense. Rooms off these halls contained statues of Hindu Gods, each doorway manned by a robed swami. I was careful not photograph any of the worshipers, so these photos belie the fact that there were a lot of people around me, they simply were crowding the doorways and worship areas in the center of the building, leaving these stone pillared outer halls virtually empty.
Thrifted brown leather lace-up oxfords
But this… I had to have Gen open it behind my back, then set it on the table so that I could turn around slowly and look at it. I opened the pages and looked through. It was a damn book.
Fred She Said Designs offers a wide variety of digital products with a floral flair and cute characters too - Digi's, Pre-coloured images, Papers, Sets, and Fred's Flower Kits. Have some fun with Fred!
"Yamazaki Sherry Cask 2011 No age statement. 48 percent alcohol.
To be fair, this fallacy could make for an equally insidious trap in the case of actual medicine. The way to avoid tripping up, of course, is to run some kind of controlled test, so that the people getting the treatment are compared to some other people whose health is just regressing at a natural rate anyway. Then you have a chance of being able to tell whether the purported medicine actually did anything to change the natural course of events.
Because I find things like these beyond entertaining, a parking meter covered in a crocheted hat/pot holder thing. Can you imagine the grandma who made this? Oh whatcha making, Grandma?” ”A parking meter hat, sonny boy!”
After two years of freedom, Rose and Lissa are caught and dragged back to St. Vladimir's Academy, a school for vampire royalty and their guardians-to-be, hidden in the deep forests of Montana. But inside the iron gates, life is even more fraught with danger... and the Strigoi are always close by.
whispers. No matter how well you
This event is all about being creative and using up leftovers and giving them a new dimension by preparing a new dish with them in order to avoid food wasteage.
Danni didn’t question him anymore. She didn’t want to upset him and anyway the room was full of interesting and unusual things which caught her eye.
I’ll try to end this on a somewhat good note. Mazui decided to nix all uses of “power” except for the rising powers reference, which is a good thing, considering how incorrectly it was used earlier.
Panel: Social Media & Retail
Feta (8oz package – look for the reduced fat kind!)
And he spells out the implications of this idea put forward by the Stalinists and Reformists like the AWL that workers can support such actions by imperialist states. He writes,
Do you believe it??!!? Amidst all the drama and tension that Jimmy is expounding, Jules makes a sincere and genuine effort to actually CLARIFY to Jimmy that they do not intend to actually STORE the ‘motherf***er’ in his house! Now how is THAT for comic and ironic humor??!?? I can’t decide which part is more funny – the sincere intention and attempt to clarify, or Jules referring to the corpse as ‘the motherf***er’! It really is a gem of a line!
Therefore “A” equals “Z”
975. -- Impromptu Tapas Jam At Brick Oven Bread Shoppe (Phoenixville, PA) –
J K Rowling brings Harry Potter back to the pages as he must get through his third year at Hogwarts while meeting a new friend and foe from the past.
St (laughing): It's true. The Parisian waiters are very good once you know how the system works.
Doubly blessed.We spent a loooong time on that beach. I headed straight out to the furthest rock uncovered by the tide, wading through shallow pools of ice cold water to get there, dipped my finger into a retreating wave and tasted the salt. Then I just stood there, soaking in the sounds and scents and sights of the sea. I have to admit to even getting a bit teary. It was like revisiting a second home for the first time in 9 years. I missed it so much.
Those that had woken up to the impending disaster provided the British National Party with a rock solid vote, once again. We thank you all for your foresight!
But there was no danger to the public in the bridge-bombing plot because the explosive devices were inoperable and were controlled by an undercover FBI employee, the agency said.
We ignore bullshit in the bible about all sorts of things. The bible is a radically pro-slavery document. Slave owners waved bibles over their heads during the civil war and justified it. The shortest book in the New Testament is a letter from Paul to a Christian slave owner about owning his Christian slave. And Paul doesn’t say: “Christians, don’t own people”. Paul talks about how Christians own people.
Off and running....time to create while the kiddies are still asleep! :)
This place is highly recommend. At Shake Shack, you can find various burgers and beverages and cold foods that different from other fast food restaurants. You can also grab a beer and chit chat with your friends (but better not, the seats there are very limited, many people would be waiting for your seat. Don’t be selfish).
Today, when you seek God’s strength for yourself, for your church, for your loved ones…
Thankfully the afternoon has been less eventful but unfortunately Robbie now has diarrhoea so I don’t think tonight will be any better on the sleep front.
15. Cruel Way To go Drown
This gives them so many relatively safe scoring directions from an identical ball that they pierce the field at will.
building elaborate sand castles at the beach
May 2 Green Room (296 Brunswick) 7:30 p.m.
However, I do know that salaries like that are made possible, and only made possible, because people like us are buying shit or services.
Just a day back in the States makes it so clear how different the US, or at least the fast paced solipsism of the Northeast, is from NZ. NZ has a very strong masculine culture. Not that it is a patriarchy at all (the last Prime Minister was a woman), but people appreciate self sufficiency, both in the sense of independence growing up and cherishing being able to live off cleverness, skill, and hardiness (disclaimer: women of course have these characteristics as well). Now to the manliness part. Things like boar hunting are big. This entails going out with three dogs which grab hold of the head of an unfortunate 500+ pound tusked boar and carrying along a foot long knife to stab into the throat of the beast. It is then swung, bleeding, onto the camouflaged shoulders of this Odyssean individual, cooked up, and eaten. Some otherwise entirely normal people are known to hop fences in the middle a pasture somewhere, kill a lamb, throw it in the back of their car, and eat it for dinner.
The other big emotional scene is the reunion of Amy, Rory, and Melody, and Amy does another one of her teary speeches about how much she loves Rory. Not that I want her to stop telling Rory she loves him, but it always comes off as her reaffirming for us that she loves Rory and not the Doctor. The story keeps trying to raise the Amy/Doctor romance when it brings up Melody’s Human + Time Lord DNA. Let it go.
can t impose an elaborate st ructure on these people? You read the specification as a
My love affair with Granola started way back in 2000 when I went to study in the US. I put on the freshmen 15 (more like 25) in the first year and the latter years were always spent in combating this weight gain. I wasn't a drinker or a big fan of pizzas but when dinner was done and over with at 800pm and there were long hours of programming looking up at you, one needed some carbs to survive the night! In the day we would snack on high carb cafeteria food - either loaded potatoes, pasta, cheeze grilled, donuts and the works, also there was unlimited soda (Gosh, never in my life had I been allowed more than a glass), also the lovely sugary cereals (I could have lived on Lucky Charms) - you're getting the drift. Once I realized what hit me I had to start putting in the appropriate measures and putting the rights stops to make sure I went down from a size 8 and never reached that weight again!
Katy
The author noted that this made around 450g of lotus paste and I needed 3kg. This meant I needed around 1332 g of lotus seeds. I modified the recipe proportions using fresh cream instead of condensed milk:
Who the hell's saying that?! I know damned well I never have. I've made fun of some extreme beers; hell, why not, some of them deserve it. I've poked at people who only want extreme beers, who only want brewers to make extreme beers, but it's because this whole thing is about variety, dammit. If all the brewers made session beers, I'd be bitching about that. I have not heard anyone say extreme beers have to go away so session beers can thrive. Period.
work tonight (this morning) all these years later brought a flood of
1 lungs
Each night as we go to bed, Andy, Gary and I repeat the same script in response to each other. It's one that evolved a couple of years ago, at a time when Andy needed some comforting routines. I find that it's as comforting to us as it is to Andy. And someday when he's outgrown it and left home, it will be one of the sweetest memories we have.
So what are you hiding from view? What have you dumped out of your sight? What message is your body trying to convey to you? Take time everyday to notice what is happening inside your body and your mind so that you notice any small changes and you will be well on your way to bringing wonderful insight to your health. The practice of Yoga is wonderful for helping us connect with our bodies. When a small part of the day is dedicated to paying attention to the details and workings of our body we become more in tune with it. If something changes we are more quick to pick up any change in the body thus hopefully avoiding major breakdowns. Yoga increases body consciousness. Yoga also helps us to confront things that in the past we may have had the attitude of “out of sight, out of mind.” With Yoga you tune in and the outcome is healing and health!
Roets added that while Afriforum -- who also laid a complaint against Fifa and the Local Organising Committee at the SA Human Rights Commission -- had no intention of disrupting the World Cup "the hero worship of Fifa for Peter Mokaba is an unacceptable slap in the face of the more than two thousand victims of farm murders and the more than a million victims of HIV/Aids."
I. Public Realm and Open Space: Reintegrating the Site With Lower Manhattan
J: I’ll be traveling all of tomorrow and busy for the rest of today so give me a ilttle more time to get back to you on that.
Police said the motives of the men, some of whom were Macedonian nationals, was to spread fear in the country.
And the answer to the zombie question:
Lest we forget, courtesy and morality is included in our national philosophy, the Rukunegara.
Tonight I hit a brick wall for most evenings I have been eating weight watchers meals there easy tasty and easy for calories etc… but now im sick fed up of them so tonight i hit the wall!!
Of fertiliser, and steer out onto the tilth
3.The above rules will be introduced into member states Constitutions or the legal equivalent. This rule will contain an automatic correction mechanism that shall be triggered in the event of a deviation from the rule, the correction mechanism will be defined by each member state based on principles put forward by the European Commission. All member states will accede to the European Court of Justice the right to verify the imposition of this rule at National level.
3) Read Matthew 6:25-34
Confucius valued knowledge,but not fame: “I will not be afflicted at men not knowing me; I will be afflicted that I do not know men.” (All the quotes are from our little children’s translation of some of The Analects.)
Back in my hospitality days, I could feel the different energies of each property that I was responsible for. On a local level the tone was set by the General Manager (GM). The GM who managed by walking around, interacted with the guests and staff members, would roll up their sleeves and help anyone with any task, established a positive tone and led by example, those were the properties that “felt good”. I could feel it the moment I walked through the front door. The opposite is true for the GM who spent most of their time in the office, managed by memo, and rarely walked the property to interact with staff members and guests. Those hotels did not exude much positive energy when entering their doors. They had a more generic feeling and some felt downright depressed. Those were usually the hotels that were not performing to corporate standards and eventually a new GM was hired.
If Nights Out was the soundtrack to an all-hours party that threatened to blow the speakers, The English Riviera is the music in the ears of a restless insomniac. The type of punch Metronomy now pack is differently varied, and instead of relying on catchy melodies, its excitement and originality is now more broadly sourced.
One of the things I enjoy most about advertising agencies is the way an account director will brandish his credit card the minute I shout 'BEERZ!'
Sonic Adventure wasn't perfect but it was far from being a bad Sonic game. Generally viewed as the first of the 3D Sonic titles (Sonic Jam, a compilation Sonic title for the Saturn sported a 3D world that you could move Sonic in), this one still has some of my favorite music from a Sonic game. Since you begin the game in Station Square and make frequent trips here, this is a song that you'll quickly become familiar with. With all the people wandering around, the train that departs to the Mystic Ruins, and be located right on a coast, Station Square is a very hustle and bustle city.
The same happened to the revolution of 1821.
And unexpected joy.
SPN has faced accusations before that it is little more than a coin-operated front for corporations. For instance, SPN and its affiliates receive money from polluters, including infamous petrochemical giant Koch Industries, allegedly in exchange for aggressive promotion of climate denial theories. But SPN’s conference had less to do with policy than with tactics. Kyle Olson, a Republican operative infamous in Michigan and other states for his confrontational attacks on unionized teachers, gave a presentation on labor reform in K-12 education. Stanford Swim, heir to a Utah-based investment fortune and head of a traditional-values foundation, ran a workshop at the conference on creating viral videos to advance the cause. He said policy papers wouldn’t work. Tell your scholars, “Sorry, this isn’t a white paper,” Swim advised. “You gotta go there,” he continued, “and it’s because that’s where the audience is.” “If it’s vulgar, so what?” he added.
"I was never a friend of a World Cup in South Africa and Africa as long is the security issue is not 100 percent solved," Hoeness said.
Total Time = 80 Minutes
“Peaceful” is not the right word. The career criminals pillaging, raping and massacring their way across South Africa are certainly in the same league as the Iraqi Shiite death squads and the Zimbabwean state terrorists. My point? Mbeki (South Africa), Mugabe (Zimbabwe), Maliki (Iraq): they’re our boys. We put them there.
Basically, the pattern consists of two yoke pieces (front and back) and a large square that you are supposed to fold lengthwise and misalign to achieve a twist. The magazine suggested a 90 degree twist, but I found it twisting the bottom part way too much, so I lessened the degree, playing around until it looks like the original skirt in the magazine (pictured on the right)
Shelby and all other San Franciscans reading the 'traption and...well, everyone: why don't you already worship the Red House Painter's first self-titled release? Mark Kozelek's portrayals of exactly how fucked up his life, mind and especially relationships are executed with aching melody and zero pretention. "Down Through" is the first jab of a one-two song punch that follows up with "Katy Song," an eight-minute heartbreaker that will haunt you like a dark cloud.
Skills:Climbing d10, Fighting-d10, Notice-d8, Stealth-d10
What better way for Michele Bachmann to show her love for 'Murica than to leave and bring her wingnuttery to another country. I would have suggested Pakistan or China, or some other country that has it comin', but I'll take it.
This video shows how eulogies at funerals can be both funny and touching. The eulogy and funeral provides a time and a place to say things in public that can help the family heal after their loss. The video was created by filmmaker Yasmin Ahmad (1958-2009).
Place filling into a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Place in fridge for at least 30 minutes, to allow flavors to meld.
** I don't have to imagine. He gets it from both parents. Neither A. nor I is the laid back type. Sorry, Cubby.
At Fairfield High School, on the outskirts of Chicago , everyone knows that south-siders mixing with north-siders can be explosive. So when Brittany Ellis and Alejandro “Alex” Fuentes are forced to be lab partners in chemistry class, this human experiment leads to unexpected revelations – that Brittany ’s flawless reputation is a cover for her troubled home life, that Alex’s bad-boy persona hides his desire to break free from gang ties, and that when they’re together, life somehow makes more sense. Breaking through the stereotypes and expectations that threaten to keep Brittany and Alex apart, Perfect Chemistry takes readers to both sides of the tracks in a passionate love story about looking beneath the surface.
60. CEREBUS
Stephen's little brother is in town and staying with us for the next couple of days..
2 clove garlic (grated)
I remember them vaguely,
Finally when I think it's completed, a test hang in the studio to see if anything needs adjusting. If nothing needs to be changed the painting is left to dry, then varnished and framed in a hand finished dark wide frame.
Last week I shared how I organize my fabrics in drawers. But when I have over 3 yards of a fabric I like to keep them on the bolt. When I put my plastic drawers under my shelves I ended up with a bit of space in between so I decided to store some of my bolts there. I get the cardboard free from the fabric stores. They usually have a ton, and they are just throwing them away. I always ask first, and never take more than I need.
I have never been much of a collector of things. When I was in middle school I fell in love with a porcelain doll and begged my mom to buy her for me. The next thing I knew I had a whole collection of porcelain dolls that I didn't really care for.
3) Turn on the television to PBS. Never turn it off. Every five minutes or so, turn the volume up or down. You may want to take this time to flip the lights on and off, too. Or turn the dishwasher on and off. Or open and shut doors over and over. You choose. Mix it up!
Displaying wonderful chemistry with one another, Christian Slater and Winona Ryder play a murdering high school duo who turn faking suicides into an art form. Now, their quirky relationship germinates in the cafeteria, but it really blossoms at the Snappy Snack Shack, where the two engage in some of the finest onscreen flirting I've ever seen; a lot of innuendos involving Cherry Slushies, Turbo-Dogs and Corn Nuts. Which culminates with one of my favourite lines: "I don't really like my friends." Something I'm sure we've all thought at one time or another.
Oscar was done with his homework, so she sent him to play with the dollhouse. Then she saved the game, and quit. She clicked the Firefox Icon;then inflicted self-punishment by googling David Tirlson. Seeing the five websites dedicated to him, by pathetic teenagers like herself, always depressed Rachel. Not that she wasn't happy for him and the numerous fans he had collected by being so talented. But it made all her fantasies about him seem absolutely delusional. In her fantasies, it was just the two of them. When she saw the websites, she was reminded that it was really he, she, and thousands of other girls. Maybe some guys too. The situation was absolutely hopeless.
The then Minister of Finance was also clear that she took official action only at the point when she was officially informed.
Lately I've been noticing that more and more perfume entrepreneurs and fragrance makers are bringing out scents inspired by books and libraries. It's a great idea. I've always loved the smell of a brand new book. I just never thought of bottling it.
What we must beware of is not damage to our belief in God but damage to our Christian disposition or state of mind. “Take heed to your spirit, that you do not deal treacherously” (Malachi 2:16). Our state of mind is powerful in its effects. It can be the enemy that penetrates right into our soul and distracts our mind from God. There are certain attitudes we should never dare to indulge. If we do, we will find they have distracted us from faith in God. Until we get back into a quiet mood before Him, our faith is of no value, and our confidence in the flesh and in human ingenuity is what rules our lives.
Trauma is a show that should be laughed out of the emergency room but is saved by a pretty top notch cast. Nancy’s played by Anastasia Griffith who played Katie Connor on Damages. Rabbit is the always fantastic Kiwi actor Cliff Curtis from such things as Once Were Warriors, Sunshine and yes, even 10,000 BC. Joining them in the cast are Aimee Garcia as an Iraqi vet (yes, another one! Just like on Mercy.) who is also the new helicopter pilot. Antwone Fisher himself, Derek Luke, shows up as an ambo with marital indiscretions. And the always pleasing Kevin Rankin (wheelchair bound Herc from Friday Night Lights) is here to play the smart arse as per usual. Seeing Trauma is from FNL creator Peter Berg there’s even an appearance from Buddy Garrity as a drunk driver thrown in for good measure.
Due to him playing at a time when football’s records and structure were not what they are today his goals tally is disputed. In officially recognised games his total is 805 goals in 530 matches. If we include matches not recognised by FIFA Bican’s total rises to an estimated 1468 in 918. By either measure he is easily one of the most prolific centre-forwards in the history of the game both in terms of total goals and goals ratio and is regarded by many as the leading goalscorer of all-time.
I made my last cheesecake (pictured) with homemade cream cheese. I am not going to get into that right now, but it was more wet than block cream cheese from the store, thus my cheesecake was more moist. It was delicious, but the picture does not look exactly like the cheesecake normally. It gets higher, and more firm.
"I didn't really surmise anything. I never felt pressured to come up with some kind of definitive explanation, or judgement of him. It's like someone you might hate in the media, but then you hear they're a really nice person but you actually don't want to know about it. It's the same with Chopper. People who read his books might like him because of the image he put forward, but the more politically correct might think him an idiot because he's a criminal. Somewhere in between all that, there's a judgement for those who want to judge." -Eric Bana on Mark Read
The ‘fixed fare’ is ten Baht for as far as you like to go on the route, even though some drivers will endeavour to trick more out of you if you go a long distance. Thais pay five Baht. If you do not feel confident enough to predict where the bus is going, you could get on one of the thousands of motorbike taxis.
Just adding a few of my loves together...flowers, especially hydrangeas and cone flowers, (though i will probably have a new favorite this year), drawing, creating one of my Curlie Girls, photography and altering my photographs...
Bow to gravity.
locations for faculty, staff, and retirees covered by a PEBB health plan and
Behave absurdly enough
My specific intention in doing this was rather personal. I have very clear memories of most of these signs being in existence, in their original locations, from when I was just a wee little thing. My responses to them are as sentimental as my response to a cheeseburger and fries (yet, without the residual cholesterol). But more importantly, the Neon Museum and Boneyard operators are a non-profit organization which works tirelessly to salvage, restore, and showcase as many of these elderly signs as possible. My visit to their locations and the joy I experienced in photographing them is only because a group of people cared enough to save some of my earliest memories. As a result, I wanted to give back, and in creating these paintings and adding them to my show, I can do so. I have committed 15% of the sales price of each of the four neon paintings and any limited edition prints the gallery and I have created from the works to be donated to the Museum. My way of saying thank you. I hope in some small way it can contribute to their efforts.
With my new system I also purchase a second external hard drive to be used for backups. I currently don’t have a disaster recovery plan and after a 3 year period of avid photography and 10,000’s of photos I think I really should have one.
Spoetzl (based in Shiner, the maker of Shiner beers) was a given — they ranked fourth in 2008, and held onto that spot in 2009. For overall breweries (including the megacorps), Spoetzl ranks ninth.
Other favourites are Hawkshead Windermere Pale Ale, Lovibonds 69IPA, Dark Star Carafa Jade, The Kernel Imperial Stout, Stone Sublimely Self Righteous Ale, BrewDog Tokyo, Green jack Baltic Trader, Old Chimneys Good King Henry, Cantillon Rose De Gambrinus etc etc.
Set on Bonfire Night, the film starts with a nurse walking home at the end of her shift where she is mugged by a gang of inner-city youth thugs. As they are about to do her physical harm, they are interrupted by a meteor crashing into a car
1 lb. Chow mein meat (There is a note that basically says use “Ground Pork” if you can’t find this)
What basically happened is that he joined Skype and we talked. We talked some more. Then some more. A bit more after that too. Originally we were debating whether or not to actually post this, but after working some things out, it seemed right to do it.
which allows y to be defined as a function of x, or x as a function of y. There are really only two use cases requiring consideration, directrix parallel to the y-axis and directrix parallel to the x-axis. In one case, horizontal mouse movement is used to position the Marker. Vertical mouse movements control the Marker in the other case.
Black and white, black and yellow, white and yellow… Who cares what race two people are in a relationship? Unfortunately a lot of people do…
People say men are just like kids (Men or Mankind behaving like kids. Mind Control? I think so…)
Spring is officially here, which means it’s the beginning of wedding season! Lots of bride to be’s out there have been planning for months and are now ready to tie the knot and start their lives with their loved ones.
Just 25 minutes east of Calgary, AB, Canada, the Strathmore Golf Club has a wonderful layout and is a true test of golf. People don’t realize it but there’s a lot of water that comes into play. If you don’t like water, don’t come here. Or bring a couple of cases of balls with you.
made for my Mom and Sister..
age than thine!"His once-noble ancestral home was in shambles, as was his once-noble family--he was the last surviving member, aged 32 himself, and had made a pact with himself not to reproduce so that the curse would die with him. But like a classically trained Devon Sawa, Antoine was keeping his eyes open for any signs or omens, looking for some way to sidestep his inevitable and impending doom. He finds that way hidden in a dark and forgotten corner of the castle...
In a nutshell, no words can truly express how meaningful and how beautiful the visit to the Temples of Angkor! Angkor Wat was reserved for Day 2, and it was more than majestic to see the beautiful sunrise!
This wouldn’t do at all.
The last train to come through here was in 1965, however the railway theme is alive and well at The Carriage Cafe. Sitting out on the deck watching the cyclists and pedestrians arrive along the trail and the sheep grazing in the surrounding paddocks, you could well forget the time passed since that last train rolled into Seville Station.
“She’s only thirty. I didn’t think their biological clocks started ticking until they reached thirty-five, at least.”
As for me, in matters of the soul, I’m a devout agnostic. What astounds me, what has always astounded me, is not that so many people are so certain of their beliefs but that they excoriate people who don’t share them. As a child, I repented for my doubt. Now I embrace it. Religious dogma is not verifiable; science is fallible. Uncertainty is the only belief system I feel sure of.
Alligator smiled.
The Free Press has learned Project DIVIDE relied on a familiar trick -- obtaining the services of a longtime criminal to infiltrate the Hells Angels and conduct a series of drug transactions, which were captured on audio and video surveillance. The "secret agent" was paid well for his betrayal -- believed to be at least $500,000 of tax-free money -- and is now in witness protection.
So furious was I with this repeated bashing into my face of the same story, that I turned off the TV upon bagel completion and actually did schoolwork. An hour later I came downstairs and sarcastically bet my roommate 500 dollars that if he turned on Sportscenter they would be talking about the suspensions. He did, and by some miracle of God we caught 30 seconds of Paul Pierce dropping 36 and 14 on the Hawks. What was next, you ask? Saints suspensions. And every segment listed after that? Saints suspensions. You get the idea.
Create a home of love in your family
THEY ARE ALL GERMINATING.
As science an invention rose
This is not because the overall view is necessarily wrong but because the way it has been judged is unfair. Since the film released its trailer (and the trailer is too comically orientated for the overall tone of the film) there has been outraged spat furiously across the internet. This comes from those who were fans of the original series. I never saw any of it until recently, indeed most outside the US never did. I did, regular readers will recall, look at the Barnabas Collins UK set very recently and I enjoyed it… I enjoyed it despite itself, despite visible equipment, rucking sets and fluffed lines. The soap opera was compelling (but, of course, that is what the soap opera formula is renowned for) but this film should be judged on its own merits and failures, and not through rose-tinted glasses that have been wedged to one’s nose with a fanatical hand.
Recommended for those who enjoy Roman Holiday and other romances where love must conquer obstacles like duty and fortune (or loss – not lack – thereof); bonus for fans of adorableness because there are plenty of super cute moments littered throughout.
In my ongoing effort to republish my now defunct Fujipet site, here are the pulling apart and putting back together pages! Well, mostly pulling apart, but just read it backwards to put the camera back together.
* Store the cake in air tight containers in room temperature.Don't refrigerate.
her legacy leaves lingering
This entire series of revelations is historic in that finally we have a Report by a Commission of Enquiry published. The second note for us is that it raises once again sobering governance issues, including matters of professional integrity and Directors’ responsibility. Those are aspects into which Property Matters will delve in the coming series.
Don't wait for the TV cameras to come to you. Pick up an inexpensive camcorder or just use your laptop webcam. Shoot an introductory video of yourself for your site and your latest book project, or upload a highlight reel to YouTube of key points in your work. You don't have to be Steven Spielberg, just keep it simple. Don't zoom in and out, don't use any lame screen wipes, and don't sound like you're reading from a script.
So in around four years the Act of Settlement (1701) will have been re-written and a Catholic will be able to marry the heir to the throne in England. Is this something worth celebrating? I asked my two daughters - 4 and 7 - what they thought, as it had a greater chance of affecting their lives than mine. My seven year old looked pensive for a moment and said "well, I suppose if the Catholic person who married the person who would be King could convert the King and he could convert the country then that might be a good thing, but otherwise I don't think that it really matters..."
Because I just love this entire group and it feels that we have been friends forever, I just wanted to say…”Sew” Glad We Are Friends!
Very few agencies actually bother with this - they're only interested in picking people up, not with keeping them. They are all R Kelly and no Clare Rayner.
Part One: NDAA
Promises to Keep is well-written and kept my interest all the way through by making me wonder if the father really had changed—it gives great insight into human nature. This is the first book I’ve read by this author, but look forward to reading more of her books. There are discussion questions in the back of the book which make this a good Christian fiction book club read.
(2) Hypnotherapy of a child with warts.Noll RB Department of Pediatrics and Human Development, Michigan State University,East Lansing 48824.J Dev Behav Pediatr Apr 1988, 9 (2) p89-91 Internet Health Library
Those who downloaded my lossless rip of the Heavy Duty Breaks album will be very familiar with these beats.
Let's say that I am a new male dancer, learning tango in a class. My best chance to get better is to dance with my cohort of new female students. BUT THE TEACHER or some tango stud is taking the new female dancers and showing them the way to tango nirvana. Even if the good female dancers are willing to dance with me, I will struggle, as a new tanguero, with performance anxiety while dancing with the experienced tangueras more than with the new tangueras. So I drop out. I cannot compete with the tango studs. Many of the women will drop out from contact with Tango Tomcats, but later find their way back. But as for me, the male dancer, I will find a venue in salsa or ballroom that develops a much better cohort of female dancers, or just give up on the dance scene altogether. Now, this did not happen to me. But I came to tango as an well-established salsero and novice ballroom dancer. Also, I had a background in music. But I am sensitive to the poor new Tanguero Kittens who come and soon are gone.
Mona woke that night to discover she’d laid on her child, smothering it. Very distraught, she heard her friend Lena’s baby softly cooing in its sleep. Suddenly, in her grief, an idea came to her. She quietly stepped over to Lena’s bed, took Lena’s sleeping baby from her, and placed her own dead baby in Lena’s arms. Now, Mona reasoned, she wouldn’t have to suffer the loss of her child.
It paid the bills but it sucked Donkey Kong Balls.
Cantuar grows some balls
12820 SW Second St, Beaverton, OR 97005
Another thing that I loved about this novel? The family interactions. So many novels- the families are just not present. Whether purposefully or not- families are kind of shifted to the background in order for the "main plot" but the families are a huge aspect of this story. Craig and Lio both had wonderful families that love them- and worry for their safety and well-being.
The engagement the poet offers is magical, just as this book is magical in its essence. Become a good listener, she advocates, and the world will open to you. As it has opened to her in these artful, compelling poems.
As I mentioned yesterday, we ordered a Guinness Extra Stout kit from Austin homebrew Supply, and 4 ounces of American Oak Chips. When we started the boil, we put the oak chips into a clean airtight container, and adding bourbon. Next week, we will transfer the stout to secondary, and add the oak chips.
Eventually she left, and I followed him back into the treatment area.
He already gave His life for us, but as if that were not enough, He continues to give and give and give from His infinite and bountiful grace, and we just eat it all up like leeches, never giving anything in return. Some of us even boast about His prolific blessings, calling the “good fortune,” or even attributing them to our own talents. He sees this, and because all He wants is what’s best for us, He knows that He can’t just spoil us, or we’ll be worse than we ever were.
these would be perfect.
They laughed. The league was there’s
and as I've not been feeling too well....
and make-up, but my job confers honorary man status on me. And that
Royce and Hadrian, the thieves and heroes from volume one, have become official employees of the king of Melengar, one of the last kingdoms to stand against the Imperial Empire. The King’s sister, Arista, joins forces with Royce and Hadrian to find the true heir in the effort to defeat the Imperial foes. There are betrayals of supposed friends and eventually the team is divided. Royce and Hadrian infiltrate a ship to discover secrets of their enemy, Merrick Marius, another spy/thief who has sold his services to the Empire. The daring duo pose as sailors gaining friends and enemies. A handful of sailors escape an attack from aliens who are more frightening than pirates. They manage to get to land and there they face more perils including fighting their way out in an arena battle against larger, faster, carnivorous monsters.
One whiff and he’s off. Helter-skelter, criss-crossing wet fields
Some finely minced garlic are stir-fried in a little butter until golden and fragrant, then more butter and shredded basil leaves and black pepper are added in until the butter has completely melted. This fragrant butter-basil mixture is then brushed over the hot bread.
Those who have used google docs will get their files moved to G-drive.
the flames which i escaped
The kitchen staff of five women showed me around their outdoor kitchen and how to make a couple Balinese dishes: Curry Tempeh and Spicy Tofu. Look for recipes here.
There was a door in the ceiling. For them being mages they never seem to have a spell that helps. I got a ladder from the hardware store nearby. I forgot what happened next. But we all got up there eventually into this other room. Indrid's place. We looked around. Found some financial papers, a picture and another glowing orb. I've grown fond of those orbs. They keep the gargoyles away.
So the floating island from the Gorillaz Feel Good Inc video is causing weather related chaos and it’s up to a Justice League plus their minor counterparts to put a stop to things.
I haven't been posting very much lately and do apologize, but life has been challenging. Today however, I was led to this two messages. I actually looked for the first and it was perfect for me to hear today.
I felt like it sucked happiness out of me.
Indian music fans now have one more reason to rejoice. After making an indelible mark in the music industry, as a musician and singer for over 2 decades, Lesle Lewis has now launched his début solo album! It’s great to see this talented man step into the spotlight again. The songs on this album sound and feel promising, and are sure to touch your heart…
Greens – 3 handfuls of washed and finely chopped greens (Greens of your choice – spinach, amaranth, or fenugreek greens)
I decided I wanted to make the planner
Michael Janson, M.D. (USA)
I can think of four things off the top of my head that are awesome:
This season’s Storm of the Cen-tu-ry! brought seven inches of snow. The town came to a standstill. The rains fell on persistent snowbanks; the rivers rose. My psychiatrist’s secretary called me to cancel the appointment that day, before I could get to calling her.
Fresh mushrooms (any variety or mixture is good)
to have them back for sure - better than ever...
I wish my Mom and Dad could come and visit..
and i wondered why he loved me so.
We are spending all day together next Tuesday. We are judging the photography at the county fair and it is a coordinated effort.
Mark WEBBER: Well it was a mixed race as the guys touched on. It was very, very slippery and tricky at the start with the inters. Half the track dry and half the track wet. It made it very frustrating as all of us had to stay out on the inters for longer than we would have liked as we had to wait for slicks to come into play at that part of the track. Michael (Schumacher) pitted first then we waited to hear on his pace on the slicks. Then, when he started to go okay we elected to stop. Just before, on the in-lap, I had a massive moment in Becketts so Fernando closed a bit on me. I went across the grass as I came in so bit scrappy there. Then we had an interesting race after that. I felt very strong at the start of the stints, not too strong at the end of the stints, and then both Seb and I were in big trouble with the tyres at the end. I tried to pass him but not quite so that was the race.
But I am not a Ghanaian and no matter how long you live in Ghana, how much you love it, if you are not a Ghanaian, you will never be a Ghanaian. Ghana is a gracious and glorious host, but as a visitor there comes a time to go.
But now?
Let’s shoot past the (to me) relatively mild glass casting temperatures, to get to the II-I conversion. II-CaSO4 converts to I-CaSO4 at around 1227C (2240F). This crystal form has been reported as “cubic”, density of gypsum increases slightly, and is the result of crystals sintering together. Not much else to say about it, really, except that you can still cast glass in it if you wanted to - with a few provisos coming up.
While leaving the concert and driving home I felt rejuvenated. I felt that my passport had been stamped to remain in Norfolk for at least another 27 years. I knew I was part of something that many people, especially those I work with, could not claim that they were part of nor could they understand it.
i don't know how it happened but i realized it was 2 when the lights came on.
“Teach my arse!” He cackles. “Take you out and shoot you that’s what I say! Teach my arse!”
The reason for this is because the Squares have come in at all different sizes, it has been quite difficult to do really. There has been a lot of filling in to get the Squares the same size, this is the reason why it has taken me longer than usual. I have done the very best I can, I hope you like it.
By making this a requirement, we will reduce the 20-30% statistic which holds teachers as pedophiles, because teachers will be able to speak up if the notice inappropriate behavior of a colleague.
22 over
having someone help me come up with a complete look like this has been SO helpful! i really enjoy design and doing this myself, but working with darlene was a huge treat.
I gave this book 4/5!
Two people spotted him today in West Hollywood walking hand-in-hand with the also missing Sean David Morton clone into a Turkish bathhouse…where Dave Corso was waiting for them…
Finally, I created a button band in the same way I do for all my crochet cushions by picking up 60 stitches evenly across the inside of the front piece and working 6 dc rows. I picked out 4 coordinating buttons, stitched then evenly along the button band and then poked them through the back between the treble stitched (no need to make a button hole for this, in fact I find it holds the button better if you don’t).
* $25 Starbucks gift card
The coup d’etat in Perak sparked anger all over the country. Hee Yit Fong’s parents faced verbal abuse, we are told, in her hometown, and market stallholders refused to sell vegetables to her family.
The meat comes from 65 day old chickens.
chopped fresh coriander (cilantro)
I would do it all over again.
Ms. Gloria Burt and her husband, Burt, came to my studio last week to select some of my sculpture pieces for the show. One that they selected has never been seen in a show before. Part of the mastectomy and Earth Mother series, it is a striking, somewhat disturbing figurative piece. The body is reminiscent of a strong periwinkle-colored tree trunk with a suggestion of legs and muscles pulsing upward to the pendulous breasts. Blood red feathers form a halo around the head. There is a suggestion of arms, or are they wings?
The hardest battle we will ever have is with our mind. If the devil has our mind, then he’ll probably be able to win a lot of other places.
“Very well, sir,” the droid replied in its decidedly male, yet far from masculine voice before turning toward the projector and somehow managing to look annoyed at being given such a menial task to accomplish.
This week has been pretty mellow. Stéphane had yesterday off for Armistace Day and since the school is closed on Wednesdays he had a little weekend in the middle of the week. We were supposed to go to Tiny Town's little memorial parade yesterday but the weather was so awful I couldn't even contemplate taking Fry out in it. We had some really serious winds coming through until after midnight which actually kept me up. Thankfully they have calmed down a bit since Fridays are pretty busy around here.
I also noticed that Filipino men are not under the same pressure to become white. Commercials don’t really make them feel like they need to have a rosy white glow or to have a secret beauty transformation. I guess it’s also because men are not under the same pressure to be beautiful. There’s the pressure to go to the gym and get muscles or to use Master sikreto ng mga gwapo, but if we compare that to the pressure to invest in make-up, whitening creams, dresses or skirt and blouse or pants and blouse or tank top and jeans and the like, belts, jewelry, high heeled-shoes, bags, eyebrow plucking, leg waxing, hair-rebonding, weekly manicures and pedicures—it is obvious that the pressure to be beautiful is heavier on women. Some may say that it’s the women who actually like doing this, so no one’s really pressuring women to be beautiful. I disagree. Although it is true that some women are genuinely interested in these things, others don’t want to go through all that hassle, but they hear it from their friends, their own mothers, their aunts that they’ll never have a boyfriend if they don’t do this.
Registration is now also open for Small Business Seminars scheduled for September 11-12 in Minneapolis, MN and September 18 in Providence, RI. The Minneapolis program is a day-two event with one-on-one consultations, and the Providence program is a one-day event with no consultations.
When it the paste has reached a drier and darker point, add in the sauteed vegetables, the peas and the tomatoes, the rest of the water and the whole cardamom/s.
3. My parents
4. Everton’s refusal to lose, a Moye’s characteristic?
The story is extremely fast, almost too much so at some points. That is too be expected, I suppose, since the actual story is less than 200 pages. There was just no time to get to know the characters because of this. I did feel that the plot where Christopher was involved was really interesting and I wanted more of that. This just wasn't my taste at all, but I am betting fans of Twilight and Shiver would enjoy it.
I suddenly remembered. It was the Sunday the 16th of August, the date of this year’s ‘Bernie Cliftonfest’, when those of us in showbiz honour the nation’s finest funny man. The five mile sponsored ostrich run takes in the whole of this undisclosed area of North London and would raise hundreds of pounds for Bernie’s favourite charity for failed trombonists. As you know, Judy is one of the charity’s patrons and this perhaps accounted for the enthusiasm she put into getting me up out of my divine Slumberland.
Here are some I've completed so far:
Another good example of an African Church involved in global mission is Jubilee International Church founded by Dr Femi Olowo in April 1992 in South London. The Church is affiliated to the Assemblies of God in Britain. Jubilee International Church has planted different Church branches within Britain and other parts of the world, such as in African countries like Uganda, Kenya, Zambia, the Congo, Ghana, Ivory Coast, Sierra Leone and the Gambia, and in Asian countries like Pakistan, India and the Philippines. In addition, the Church conducts mission trips to Europe, Africa and Asia. Dr Femi is also the founder and principal of a theological training centre, South London Christian College. The College was founded in 1991 and it attracts many international students. The College is very much involved in global missions as Dr Femi leads students on regular short term mission trips to different parts of Europe, Africa and Asia, along with special Bible tours to Israel.
Chocolate Chunky Munkie wins the EDEN pack!
Charm and Wit stared out at the party, people watching. Wit made harmless sarcastic comments about their surrounding company and Charm diplomatically agreed and made elegant observations of her own.
In my case, I was going to be a famous painter. I studied art. Then I had a baby. I didn't give up; I kept making art. But somewhere along the way, I stopped making art.
marbled book ends circa 1870
In addition, with the Pentagon’s four-year baseline budget cycle of 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 at $515 billion, $533 billion, $549 billion and $531 billion, respectively; for the president and Panetta to claim that the proposed ‘baseline’ budget for 2013 of $525 billion is a dramatic cut representing significant savings does not meet the straight-face test or their ethical obligation to the country.
Obviously not, since they’d turned her into a raging sex fiend who without any hesitation would attack the first man who walked through the door of her antiquities shop. Not by her own doing, because how could she, twenty-six-year-old, staid, even-headed and collected Michelle Stein, sign up for such reckless sexual
reading about the daring exploits
This can be so frustrating to me at times! But this morning as my leopard print slippers and I sat in the recliner feeding the baby, I looked up to see my 17 month old climbing up my legs to sit with me. Then to my right came my 3 year old kissing on my 17 month old and settling under my right arm. Then to my left came my 4 year old, talking to the baby laying in my lap and sitting on my left side with her arm around me. It's moments like this that make me want to work so hard around the house for them that I don't get a moment to myself! They are my sunshine on a cloudy day!
“Then if any man shall say unto you, lo, here is Christ, or there; believe it not. For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall show great signs and wonders, insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.”
No coincidence that another patient had just been seen in the ER for a spider bite on the back so the doctor knew right away what was wrong with me after seen the decaying spots which I thought were broken and inflamed skin from mosquito bites I kept scratching. Yup. I was admitted too and soon off to surgery. I thank the Lord for having me in the right place at the right time. I was an Army soldier at the time so my vacation was extended longer than I asked for because I was in the hospital for a little while. I was told that I had so much poison in my ankle that the surgical wound had to be left open to drain. Medical strips were just stuffed inside my ankle and cleansed daily by the nurse during my hospital stay until I started therapy. I was in what I call a Bionic Boot for a few months. I actually ended up getting married with it on! I was not about to let anything stop me from marrying the man of my dreams. (smiling)
5" x 7" - oil on artboard
Add the warm water bit by bit and bring the flour together.
To make the base of my card i used the reflection die called Celtic chain Mega Doily. The biggest size is absolutely perfect for a card as it fits a booklet card's size and that way, you'll have your design all around the card: cooool!
Eventually, if you buy enough of the gum at your corner shop on a whim, you end up with a fair amount of stickers. They’re often numbered, and you might get a streak: 5-8, 13-20. They might tell a story, or form a larger image. Something hooks you, and suddenly you wonder what’s stopping you from collecting the whole set. I mean, it’s not like you don’t buy the gum all the time anyway. Oh look, you just got number 22. It’s just that…you’d feel silly, wouldn’t you? Silly that you suddenly care about some cheap, stupid stickers that come with gum you buy because you’ve got 10c to burn and you don’t want two milk bottles. And yet…you wonder what number 21 looks like.
Over his lap. Chorister's robe pulled high over her back. Brief little knickers slid down to the region of her knees. (Mr Plummer sometimes requires his pupil to reach behind her when she is in place on his lap and take them down herself). Legs extended, knees kept straight. And then... but perhaps we should pass over the final desperate, humiliating business in silence.
After the fifth, I conceded defeat.
- You're under 21.
The plot was gripping and engaging and kept me turning the pages, ready to discover what was really happening. Browne goes far beyond the typical historical/mythological treasure hunt thriller by seamlessly blending the mystery and thriller elements with the supernatural elements.
Hi, All. Before I delve into this week’s fridge poem, I have to discuss the recent news about astrological signs changing. I know. I know. Since we adopted the seasonal, Westernized zodiac (rather then the Eastern one that is based on constellations and the earth’s rotation around the sun), it hasn’t really changed, but before I knew about this, I immediately did some research, to investigate my astrological self and kill an hour on a boring Friday afternoon at my desk (My poem was already written and done). I was born on April 5th, making me an Aries. I could always relate to certain aspects of the sign, but I never felt like a true Aries. Then I found out I could actually be a Pisces.
Even as the fall-out from the report began to settle over the subsequent days, Mensch stayed at the top of the agenda. This time, it was thanks to her energetic Twitter profile – not the first time her digital life has seeped into her analogue one. After a slew of appallingly sexist and abusive tweets in her direction from those too unreconstructed to see that her views on the Murdoch case were no excuse for misogyny, she made a stand, calling them out on their vitriol and winning support from across the political spectrum. Others have made the same point before. But when Mensch does it, people listen.
Poor chap – his primitive cranium simply hasn’t had enough time to adapt to the sudden super-stimuli of modern life – all those endless images streaming at him, the conference calls where someone forgets to go on mute and reveals that their multi-tasking abilities consist of lying about working from home whilst doing the hoovering, and the blinking pilot light informing him that his synapses are melting. Too much information.
"Side Pocket For A Toad" (from Tring) - Premium golden ale. 4.5% ABV
On the other side of the mound, Reginald nodded approvingly and tensed for a jump.
Ate logo!
Sea Bright, N.J., for example, once had 300 feet of beach in front of its massive seawall, said Gilbert Nersesian, a coastal engineer for the New York District of the Army Corps of Engineers. ”But the beach that existed in front of that seawall is completely gone.”
2. Why did you start blogging?
At home, you get to read weekly readers starring Dick, Jane, and Spot and worry about how to send Jr. to college and still be able to eat for the next twenty years.
I have spent most of my time in bed. The bedroom is not the warmest room in the house, but as I just recently decided to get on with taking up the carpet and such, the warmest room is unusable, and the rooms and hallway next to it are full of extra stuff. I got work done on Monday and Tuesday, as the house still seemed pretty warm for most of Tuesday, but not so much on Wednesday. So I just stayed in the bedroom under blankets. Yesterday seemed warmer, but I was in no hurry to get back to work, as I expected it was going to be even warmer today I thought today soon enough. But now I expect it to be cold until after lunch. Maybe then. Still no hurry I suppose. The trash will not be hauled away until Saturday, if then.
Speaking about the key events and deals for the year ended 31st March , 2012 ; RIL and BP declared the 30% stake acquisition of BP in 21 RIL Oil and Gas sharing contracts (PCS) including the producing KG-D6 block operating in India on 30th August 2011. Besides, India Gas Solutions Pvt. Ltd is a 50:50 joint venture company incorporated by RIL and BP, which will deal with global sourcing and marketing of natural gas along with improving the infrastructure to intensify transportation and marketing of natural gas in the country.
“Here we go, Samuel Russell. He and Howard go way back.”
“Where did you come from?” I asked, taken aback by his appreciation of my form. I took the fruit filled truffle from him, it and the next one gratefully.
In the evening, at the gig, our gorilla promotions seem to have worked as over 100 paying punters turn up to see just who are these people with the goat. We have a great show and a good old knees-up afterwards.
On a superficial, how-badass-is-your-cake, level: I’m of the less-is-more camp. I like the idea of actual, edible sugared flowers and other things like this in place of complex ‘sugarcraft’ (a word I only registered last week while searching for cake decorations and ideas online) although I was pretty knocked back by this evocation of a forest, complete with ladybirds and mushrooms. Hilarious but also impressive, I suppose…
Hello...Hello...Hello!
This weekend I was in South Carolina for a family vacation, left on Friday and didn't get back until late on Monday night. Yesterday was a crazy catch--up day at school and dinner at the in-laws and a million errands! Today, I had my Crossfit workout at 6am, work all day, drove an hour and a half to Grand Rapids for class and just got home home after a stop at the grocery store. Tomorrow I have PLC all day, then staff appreciation dinner (what does your school do?). On Friday, teach all day, drive BACK to Grand Rapids for class from 5:30 - 8:50 pm and class all day on Saturday from 8:00 - 5:00. I'm debating driving further south to visit my momma for mother's day but don't know if I can handle all that!
Source: www.rediff.com
My heart leapt when I read the theme for this edition of Worship Leader magazine. For one of my life’s greatest privileges has been serving as a worship pastor, and with this responsibility my eyes have been opened to so many different facets of what the job really requires, as opposed to what I imagined it required.
the hotel man makes a note behind his potted palm.
I didn’t bother to set a wake up alarm on my phone for this morning. Adrenaline and excitement is better than any annoying chime. I was up at 6:30am—Newfoundland time. I put my headphones on and listened to my pump-up playlist as I cooked breakfast. Breakfast was 8 eggs and some fruit. I was on the road a little after 8am.
ABV: ~3.3%
Our second linky for 2012 is everything Dresses for Girls, made by YOU.
Last week when I showed you my Christmas Planner, I told you I'd show you a few variations on this idea. Here are a couple of journals, an adult version and a teen/tween version, and also a cookbook, all out of the same basic supplies.
All action-movie heroes are superhuman, because they do the impossible, and usually do it alone. The quality of an action movie, then, comes down to how believably these men and women can achieve unbelievable things. By this measure, The Black Pirate is a success. Its star, Douglas Fairbanks, does it all, and because he is Fairbanks: athlete, lover, fighter, thinker, we always buy it. There is, however, one thing even he cannot do, and that’s carry scenes he isn’t in. And unfortunately for us, there’s a few too many of those in The Black Pirate.
My guess is the end of ‘swishy Boston restaurant’ began when not enough swells and power suits were turning up at the door (2008, 2009 anyone?) and the allure of foodies riding a tour bus connected to Open Table paid the rent.
This years Panini Elite product comes with 5 cards in a single pack and 20 packs per box. The odds of me pulling anything good aren't fantastic but at the same time, it is doable.
5. Be Civil
peeling off my skin.
“Naikan teaches us to hold on to what is really important thus freeing us to be in the present moment and see the beauty of the day.”
In that moment they both thought they loved each other. Soon they would be both be gone, and neither one wished to contemplate what would happen if the other died first.
Verbal and emotional abuse doesn't leave physical evidence.
Paper: Vintage cream, Simply Chartreuse, music paper from dh's old textbooks
I would gaze from my bedroom window when the moon was riding high
I made vanilla cupcakes with lime curd filling and a whipped lime buttercream. Delicious.
Prior to Christmas I had drooled over some Christmas storage available from Ezibuy
This is outside Peabody’s while Tony was having a smoke. Yes, I still enjoy sniffing other people’s smoke. As a matter of fact, the best smoke I have sniffed lately (ever) was Ben’s (from Lucero). Yup. I know that sounds incredibly stalkery and creepy, and I have made peace with it. I will be smoke free for a year on July 14th. I have to get my fix somehow …
It is with great pleasure to present to you the rookie card of “Diamond Steel” Ryan Howe.
The Mechanical Bride – McLuhan’s analysis of U.S. culture in the 1950s based on looking thru the lens of its popular media, particularly advertisements and comics.
from the beginning. There are goodies along the way and we don’t want you to miss a thing.
when we see no other options
“Now ye Philippians know also that in the beginning of the gospel when I departed from Macedonia, no church communicated with me as concerning giving and receiving but ye only. For even in Thessalonica ye sent once and again unto my necessity. Not because I desire a gift: but I desire fruit that may abound to your account. But I have all, and abound: I am full, having received of Epaphroditus the things which were sent from you, an odour of sweet smell, a sacrifice acceptable, wellpleasing to God.”
Heat up wok and add a little vegetable oil. Sautéed onions and chilly paste mixture until fragrant. Add salt and oyster mushroom. Fry until mushroom is cooked. Add the ground nuts. Serve with nasi lemak (coconut milk rice).
Pours a clear orange with honey hues and a foamy, 3/4 finger white head. Nose is sweet caramel with mild floral hop notes, also a touch of apple. Moderate watery mouth feel with good carbonation. Nice lacing. Taste begins with a huge caramel flavor accented with fruity notes of bright apple and mild cherry, which quickly bleeds to a solid hop bitter and mild floral and piny hop flavor.
"You can't sit in that chair!" they will say to anyone who doesn't know, only half jokingly. "Grandad wouldn't have wanted you to sit in that chair!" - I never knew either of my Granddads. One was a taciturn old religiously hypocritically religious bore who fell out with my Dad over a christening shawl, and never spoke to him again. He wrote me out of his wives obit in the local paper and claimed just 1ne Grandchild spawned the earth. My other Grandad was a product of his times alcoholic whose own funeral failed to inspire the most base of human sadness. It's thus hard for me to conjure up the feelings 1ne must feel towards a kindly old Grandfather figure. I did know their Grandad though, and upon realising that what their Grandad mostly wanted wasn't to be symbolically and posthumously represented by a worn old out folding chair, but to be left the fuck alone, I begin to think about my life and it's accelerating decline into mediocrity in a way alien to most of my other Xmas's. Certainly more than the 1ne I pulled a Santa hat over my head and fell asleep for 4our hours...
embellished with metallic paint and adhesive bling.
There are two main reasons I haven't published 'Heaven Can Wait' yet; I'm still waiting for responses from a few beta readers (if I get them all back in, I'll have had 10 lots of feedback, but I'm only going to wait a couple more weeks at most), and I'm still waiting for a cover image.
There was a time, when I hadn’t been diagnosed yet with ADHD, and I was so depressed, because I could never seem to progress past the point of menial jobs/their less challenging responsibilities. I knew I was capable of SO much more, because I also had this HUGE dream inside of me that Christ had put there, (I guess) to drive me to Himself. I needed answers though and I was not coping very well with life so to me – at the time- everything I did took me nowhere. I was in dead end jobs that didn’t stimulate me and I didn’t know I had a condition that hindered my abilities to advance or succeed. When I tried to advance without the correct coping skills the job I was in would overwhelm my brain and then I would get fired. I lost 40 jobs within 15 years and because of that my self esteem had taken a nosedive. I didn’t feel like I would ever amount to anything and yet I “supposedly (according to my family) had all these giftings. I actually am very gifted in design and have worked in the movie industry for 7 years, and in live production for another 17 while maintaining an Admin job on the side. I don’t know if I necessarily hated the admin positions but I hated the turmoil I experienced when I would try to do the job functions without a brain that fired consistently. This ”lack of firing” would cause a stop/start process which would keep me from getting the job tasks done, or I’d forget what I was doing and make careless mistakes which would eventually lead to end result of getting fired. I don’t even know how I made it through all those years. I know I was drinking alot to cope (See- theres a negative coping skill) which only caused more chaos to my life. ADD/ADHD people are notorious for doing this (or having unhealthy coping tools) because life can get overwhelming to us when we can’t figure things out. BUT! I was determined to OVERCOME the lacking brainiac tools I needed to suceed in these jobs. All of these “tests” as I call them eventually forced me to overcome and face my biggest fear: The fear of failure. You can acquire all the coping skills in the world to cope with life but if you don’t overcome your fears first- it won’t matter. Because fear will always be in the background heckling you in your mind saying: “YOU’LL NEVER BEAT ME OR SUCCEED- YOU WILL NEVER OVERCOME THIS!” Thats why we must always face every fear we have in our lives so that we can push through and climb over into our promiseland blessings.
Knowledge and peace, etc.,
--Adventures of Huckleberry Finn Mark Twain
The theme of the annual program varies each year, but many of the same animals participate, said Tlachac, who brings animals annually from his sanctuary to teach about nature and wildlife.
3. Place in oven and bake 15-20 minutes, until the white is cooked through but the yolk is still a little bit runny.
Nice three mile run completed tonight but it wasn’t half hot mum! Managed to keep running all the way and certainly enjoying my running again, helped by the lighter and warmer evenings.
Cover, and cook for 5 to 6 hours on High.
Then lay each garlic head (cut side up) into a small piece of aluminum foil (big enough to wrap the garlic up in and seal) and place each “package” into a muffin pan like so:
Don't capitalize the names of characters. That's the format for film scripts, not query letters. The only thing in a query that is all caps is the title of the book.
I folded Upon The Hill Records with relief and sadness.
In my defense, it's not my fault everyone else was stupid and wrong. Someone had to lead that group of five-year-olds in the right direction! Sheesh! Clearly she was just jealous of my highly coveted leadership skills.
I saw a cute cupcake pocket card, and decided to make a flower pot pocket card. To create the flower pot, I began with a 9"x 3.5" card stock base, and scored it at 2" and 5.5". I then folded the score line flaps in opposite directions, other wise known as mountain valley. I border punched the lip of the flower with a Martha Stewart border punch, and used a stamp pad to "dirty-up" the edges of the flower pot.
But- and this is absolutely key- survival within Pathologic does not bend to you, just as the story doesn’t bend to you. This rigidity is perhaps what marks it out as a uniquely Russian videogame. Just as survival in real life is merely something you have to do in order to achieve your goals, so it is in Pathologic. You will not get paid money when you carry out the whims of the town’s leaders. There will not be a health pack hidden behind the thug. You will not find a loaf of bread at the back of the cave. You’ll find a stone wall at the back of the cave, because it’s a fucking cave.
This weekend has been a flop. I ended up in the ER with stomach issues at 3am on Saturday. Now I'm just resting in pain. All kinds of aches! Hoping to be in decent shape to head to work tomorrow!
This just in from Marcella Hawley!
I finally managed to paint the first extra figure of this set. They were sended to me by Pete from Tabakskollegium-Mekelnborg as a gift. And I would like to thank him again for that. Only thing he asked was that I should paint them and then make a little dio with them, making some pictures and send them to him. So this post is just to show him that I'm making some progress.
And now, to round out this cornucopia of randomness - The Pistol Annies! My iTunes just played me Hell on Heels, which reminded me of this excellent video of the song I saw a couple of weeks ago. Miranda Lambert (on the right) reminds me of Dolly Parton, which is a high compliment in case you weren't sure!
What about you – who’s got your vote? Should Ian Somerhalder or Alexander Skarsgard play the role of Christian Grey in 50 Shades of Grey?
The key player, Simon de Montfort led crusades against the Cathars raising the village of Minerve and massacring 1000s at Beziers.
So tonight after a long uneventful and unfortunately unproductive week of last semester senior year I decided to take the new drop spindle out for a spin.
On a recent trip to the city, I purchased an Easter tea towel from Bed, Bath N' Table with another idea in mind. Whilst having an Easter tea towel is cute and all, I thought I could use them to make a table runner and some placemats.
What advice would you give to anyone wanting to get into the industry?
13. . . move to where there’s rain and snow, not sun and heat. Live in a house overlooking a river but rarely go outside, avoiding bugs.
Please see:
(**) ONLY included on the Deluxe Edition (Explicit) and Super Bowl Deluxe Edition (Explicit)
It is wrong to be apathetic and for people to be indifferent to the world they live in. Stop trying to blame someone else, whether it is God or the person next to you who didn’t help the person in trouble. We are responsible for our actions. We can intervene and help others even if other people choose not to and even if God didn’t intervene. So stop relying on others and be the change that you want to be.
The recent arrests of several high profile Afghan Taliban leaders by Pakistan have raised expectations that Islamabad’s longstanding support for the “Quetta shura” may at last be waning. The arrests have prompted the view that Pakistan has indeed changed its traditional strategy of protecting the Afghan Taliban leadership. Unfortunately, the realities are less encouraging. A closer look at the recent arrests suggests that:
I smile a little when I look back at it now, and find it interesting that there he sat, literally stuck in the middle, her to his right, and me to his left.
The first time I remember hearing Bolero, I decided that I hated it, too. I decided this for several reasons. One being that it was different than anything I’d heard before, and was, therefore, suspect. (My parents listened exclusively to classical music, but this was NOT like the usual stuff they listened to.)
Currently in the pickle rest two lichen brooches for my Nature & Culture class, surrounding me sit multiple dream drawings for my Drawing class, and at school there is the structure of a hollow box in my locker in the metals studio, for my Digital Tools for Artists class. And, in my backpack sit my flashcards for Art History, waiting to be drilled into my memory.
since its 2011 decision have positioned it well and enable UBC’s students and
If South Africa's White minority is driven out, it will ultimately be its Black majority that will suffer. If the blind eyes that are now turned to the bleeding Afrikaaners do not open now, they will open to scenes of famine as are now seen in Zimbabwe. The curtain of silence that keeps the suffering of the Boers from international view is a blot of shame upon our generation. It is time for our silence to end.
Here is my dear friend and her two boys. I photographed them this past weekend.
“After eight years, we have got a chance to promote a film together. I thank TIPS for this opportunity and for casting us together. Pretty excited about it,” he said.
So for my only non- base card in the blaster, it is a hit and it is of Brodie Merrill…
3. On further consideration and in exercise of the powers available under CCS(RP) Rules, 2008, the President is pleased to decide that in relaxation of stipulation under Rule 10 of these Rules, those central government employees who were due to get their annual increment between February to June during 2006 may be granted one increment on 1.1 .2006 in the pre-revised pay scale as a one time measure and there after will get the next increment in the revised pay structure on 1.7.2006 as per Rule 10 of CCS(RP) Rules, 2008. The pay of the eligible employees may be re-fixed accordingly.
If I had it to do all over again, there are things I would have changed. But unfortunately a lot of it was out of my control. I will never regret having my children, for they are my life. My reason to live. If I would have had more money, it would have made life easier and would to this day, but we can’t change that, either. I have gone without meds and still do for lack of money. There are some meds I wouldn’t have taken, but we didn’t know the side effects or what it would do until we tried them. It’s trial and error. I don’t think the doctors could have done anything differently if they tried. I had a team of five doctors working together to try to get the best outcome possible. Those moments when I wallowed in self pity, I wish I hadn’t done that, but I am only human. Sometimes I think it was a blessing I got sick with the lupus when the kids were so small. Camron doesn’t remember the first time around at all because he was so young, and Jared remembers a little but not all of it. Yes, it made my life difficult, but it spared them long-term emotional scars. Jared remembers me not being able to walk and me being sick but nothing like it would have been had he been older.
you will surely pray
Oh, it will be lovely...lovely and grand.
Ok, lets talk about regular daily life off-line for a second. I can't remember the last time someone told me something in person and I actually gave a shit. Ok that's an exaggeration and I'm not that much of a douchebag, but the point I'm making still stands. Why would online be any different? Like 50% of our waking hours are filled with people saying stuff to you that you don't really care about. And its way worse than online, because when someone writes a facebook status that you don't care about you can always stop reading it once you realize its not interesting. In the regular world, you can't stop the person from talking. And not only that, but you often have to pretend you care when you don't- which can be exhausting sometimes.
If we only wanted to become representatives, we would not be National Socialists, rather I suppose German National Party members or Social Democrats. They have the most seats at their disposal and one does not need to risk one’s life to compete with their leading lights. We do not have the stomach for that.
In the last couple of weeks, I have seen two conflicting reactions to the book. The first was a review on amazon.com, which Ros emailed to me (I make it an iron rule never to look at Amazon reviews or rankings so had missed it).
and met her gaze with a smile. She went back to her customer, asking the
We hit the station, but the first shoot had dragged on so long that it was time for me to start getting ready for the instance group. So I left the fleet and logged off in the station. I figured after the instance group it would probably be late enough for me to sneak back to CFC space.
Then we had to do a bit of van maintenance...but that is a blog post in itself!
Even here, they negotiated a temporary fix, giving states with unemployment rates of at least 8.5% an additional 10 weeks of EUC if they’ve no EB weeks to provide. The boost is good only through May, however.
Is this what you wanted?
For the rest of September, one dollar from every Kolsch beer – renamed Muddy Waters – and every dinner special sold at the brewery will go toward the collection fund as well, Kendzierski said.
7. Add It Up- The Violent Femmes
Return On Engagement (ROE) is a concept that begs the question: Do you want your consumers to be active or passive. Put another way, do you want to pay X for a 30-second spot passively watched by 2 million prospects; or, for example, a special event, or a Web experience ignited by non-traditional radio techniques where 500,000 engage with the brand for seven minutes, then use Word of Mouth (WOM) to pass along their experience?
He plans to release his third book in September 2013 and says the title will complete a sentence he started with his two earlier book titles, “On this earth a shadow falls…”
Since starting my Wine Adventure this past month, I have been an outcast of sorts within the prestigious world of my fellow Wine Connoisseurs…
Kali Orexi,
After they took her info, offered a ride to the hospital which we all agreed probably wasn’t necessary anymore, and left, I grabbed the bulb syringe and squeegeed the last of it out of her nose and she, although exhausted, seemed fine. So I laid her back on her blanket, let her grab at my eyeballs before I shut them up tight, I nibbled on her fingers as they got too close to my mouth, I let her grab a handful of my hair and rub it on her cheek and I watched her drift off into sleep while I stayed wide-eyed for hours and hours just listening to the most beautiful sound in the world, the sound of my precious baby breathing.
GB0$ stands for – “GREAT BLOG, ZERO DOLLARS.”
1/2 cup clover honey
I rolled down my window and yelled, "WHY ARE YOU CROSSING THE ROAD?"
That’s a broad range of influences. Some I expect he is reacting against, others responding too. And that is how it should be. But I was very surprised to read he’d never watched either of the British shows. As I go through the review I’ll highlight some common ground.
By Robert F. Ebert, CLTC and William P. Stark, J.D., LL.M., CLU for the April 2012 issue of Life Insurance Selling Magazine.
Millenium is a film that resembles many others that came before and after it. The one it resembles the most is James Cameron’s The Terminator (1984). There’s the time travel angle, there’s the love story between someone from the past and someone from the future. If you look at it, The Terminator is also a love story at heart. Millenium also reminded me of Alfonso Cuaron’s Children of Men (2006) because of the whole thing about humanity loosing the ability to procreate; though in reality, this is a recurring theme in post apocalyptic films. It has the quintessential sequence in which someone has to explain the whole logic of time travel, ala Doc Brown in Back to the Future II (1989) which strangely enough was released in the same year, only with far superior visual effects. I guess, even for it’s time, Millenium’s production values where kind of low and goofy. Visual effects wise, Millenium seems to have stayed back in time; which could explain the films low box office intake. Speaking bluntly the film was a box office bomb.
for these 2 weeks in March each year.
He also fills in some of the history of the civil rights movement and the Democratic and Republican Parties that is not generally known. Even as a college history major, I didn’t realize that it was Republican President Eisenhower who desegregated the American military and introduced the first civil rights act since reconstruction – The Civil Rights Act of 1957.
A small piece of energy, nervous energy, had been spinning inside Jane the rest of the day as she waited for her mother to get home. She knew that it was time to have a talk that she didn’t want to have. It was time to show her mother the complete extent of the maturity that she had gained in recent weeks, the extent of what she learned in battling, defying, and silently compromising with her mother over the past year, the extent of the redirection her life would be taking, and the extent, at this early point, of her feelings and thoughts about Jarrad. She had never shared one detail about the boys she’d spent time with, but there had never been time or people who compared to Jarrad. The whole speech would not be easy, but she knew enough that everything would grow easier from this point on.
Season one of The Killing (USA) got better as the weeks went on and becomes compelling in its own right. Only then did I watch season two of The Killing (Denmark) and immediately forget that there ever was an American version.
You haven't seen me do alot from my Farmhouse kitchen. Several reasons.... Our renovations are not complete, that means we have a tiny, make -do kitchen area for now. Which, really , is fine, because, seriously.... I'm not much of a cook anyway :-) Oh..... I would like to be. How could I not be ? My Mother, Grandmother AND both of my Sisters are excellent cooks ! I really don't think I'm that bad... I think it' s more that I have a picky husband :-) Hey...works for me ! That saves me alot of trouble, and I get to go out to eat alot !
On milled logs, thеrе аre many joinery systems to choose from. Today, the mоst popular joinery is called а "Swedish cope". This іѕ whеrе еach log iѕ scooped оut tо fit snugly on the curve of the log beneath. It gіvеѕ a very smooth аnd natural look. Another joinery system iѕ thе tongue-and-groove, or double tongue-and-groove depending on the manufacturer. The tongues аre cut іnto thе top оf thе log аnd correspоndіng grooves аt the bottom. These create a tight fit and stack easily. A more traditional, early American notch iѕ called thе dove-tail, whіch іs а mortise and tenon notch usually cut into squared timbers. There аrе many othеr corner systems available, but thеѕе аre thе mоst commonly used.
We had a freak snow storm the Saturday before Halloween and we were one of the few lucky ones to not lose power for hours or days! Many of my coworkers and friends were out of power for a week. I'd seriously go crazy!
Of course, in choosing their class, learners would need to take account of their (self-assessed) ability to cope with the language: it would be foolhardy, perhaps, for a novice to embark on, say, Academic Writing 101, but they should at least be given that choice. If we accept that language learning is both an emergent and a complex phenomenon, any attempt to regiment and control it from the outside is foredoomed.
"The fabled beauty of the Sultan's imperial seraglio cannot hold a candle to the American flapper" Fred W. Upham, treasurer of the Republican National Committee
As soon as this was done, a flame blazed up, but its light was lost in the brilliance coming from the altar.
Me “What’s wrong?”
The initial two year clinical test study results of the stem cell procedure instituted by Hospital San Jose Tecnologico de Monterrey, was published in Cytotherapy, February, 2009. Positive results were confirmed through both clinical observation and MRI tractography. It is considered by many within the international neurological community to be the foremost procedure available for minimizing or abrogating ALS symptoms and extending the lifespan of ALS patients. The procedure is a state of the art use of autologous CD-133 (+) stem cells injected into the frontal cortices for the effective replacement of motor neurons.
Both Chega de Saudade and My Favourite Things were quite difficult to play for Oliver. Even though we both spent hours practicing them over the week, playing them was still a struggle.
Are the African rioters Muslims? Unclear — although they certainly behaved with the sort of magnified hostility and sense of entitlement for which the sons of Allah are famous.
I also had a bunch of leftover homemade spaghetti sauce and meatballs from my lunch that week, so all I did was add a can of sauce and another package of italian sausage browned to the sauce and chopped up meatballs I already had. And viola! Yumminess.
Turning into the airport terminal a row of yellow taxis idle at the curb. Outside is a mob scene. I eye the cabbie. He makes a few impolite taps on the meter and I unroll his fare. He gives me the briefest of nods. Gathering my baggage I jump out of the cab with clouded wisdom and stand at the edge of the crowd. I bite my lip. And then, in a quick moment’s panic I turn into an emotional spectacular and run for the departure gate. Upon entering the magical kingdom of chaos the unthinkable happens.
For example, could it really be possible that teenagers have no idea what a typewriter is? I overheard a young woman asking her friend what she was holding in store recently. When I looked in their direction, I could see the friend holding two bookends, cast to look like a typewriter.
Red silky ribbon
How have you recruited the staff for your church?
“You’re not the girl I had sex with? Shit sorry, I meant to go find her. Well never mind then. Do you remember her? She had red hair, a couple of tattoos on her arms…Whatever, see you around.” With a flourish he grabbed his coffee, skulked out the café in hopes to find his mystery woman.
*Above picture not drawn to scale.
I am hoping that by writing this, I can finally let go. I have very few obstacles left to get over, but this could be the most challenging. Failure is not an option – and brain tumours, even benign ones, are like knickers or earrings, once you’ve worn them they can’t be returned. So I need to beat this. To do it, to get past the walls of fear and doubt I have built around myself, will be the best gift I have ever given or received.
How do you like to make your buttonholes?
Had visitors
broke my nose into a bunch of pieces. yup, pieces.
Apologies for my weeks of absence — end of summer blues, I suppose. Tried to squeeze in as much Prospect Park frolicking as possible. But, autumn is upon us, and among other things it means that many of the city's cultural organizations are revving up their engines again with some new exhibits and programs on the way.
You don’t need no ticket
Or your shadow at evening rising to meet you;
7.bleeding reprise
Ah dear. I shall practise being more reserved. But I’ll be buggered if that tutor gets to say, “Because I said so” again without a little ruff and tumble first. I’m working too hard to simply shrug my shoulders.
Website posting will be a bit light until Thursday, as I have three visitors to entertain. But one of the advantages of having visitors is showing off Chicago—especially its cuisine.
Fast forward a few years, I'm 17 and coming of age with my first proper steady boyfriend. I dutifully follow all the indie bands he listens to but need some sounds to call my own. I discover The The's brilliant album Soul Mining from which the introspective Uncertain Smile is my hands down favourite. Now this song paints the ultimate background to the skin blemished, white histrionic knuckle ride of my latter teenage years. The piano solo, nod to Jools Holland, is vintage gorgeousness decanted into the finest Waterford crystal to be savoured over and over again courtesy of the rewind button.
"I think it is, and I don't think it helps unions to be skipping their jobs and coming out and getting paid to protest to get more taxpayer money while being paid taxpayer money. I don't think that works for them. It's not a great argument."Using their students as human shields isn't such a great idea, either. HotAir's Ed Morrissey sums the issue up nicely:
“Most of my additions these days come through online trading so they come in slow but I am still adding. I really like the design of the 2008 cards but some of my personal favorite autos I have are the 2008 Select Darren McFadden Hot Rookies Gold Zone auto ( being a Raiders fan, this one is near the top), 2008 Select Matt Ryan auto ( one of the best sigs in football I believe) and 2009 Inscriptions Juaquin Iglesias Hot Rookie End Zone auto (just a cool looking card).
The following are my tasting notes:
Yesterday my mom, my sister, and I ventured into New York City to see the traveling King Tut exhibit. For as close as I am to the city, and with a train station just a few blocks from my house, I really don't go too often. That being said, I am not super familiar with quick, healthy places to grab a bite to eat in New York. Cue my iPhone and the free Yelp! application. The three of us oriented ourselves to the exhibit, and then I went ahead and searched the surrounding two blocks for an inexpensive restaurant. Just a few items down on my list was Green Symphony, listed as a vegetarian eatery with hot and cold food bars and smoothies. And it was only one block away. So, we headed over. What a great find this place turned out to be! A quick once-over yielded a huge juice menu, a fridge full of freshly prepared sandwiches and wraps, a well stocked hot and cold food bar, and loads of homemade goodies for dessert. I was craving a green juice, so I ordered the Green Monster - green apples, spinach, ginger, and spirulina. This did not disappoint! It was super ginger-y and tart, and was priced low, in my opinion. My sister got a smoothie with fresh apple juice and three kinds of berries. I had a sip of that, and it too was very tasty. My mom and I split an avocado sandwich on a flatbread, complete with hummus, sprouts, and mixed greens. This was really fresh and clean tasting, and it hit the spot; just enough to feel satisfied but not stuffed. I rounded out the meal with a homemade chocolate tangerine cookie. If you like the combination of orange and chocolate, you will love this cookie! I gobbled it up, but controlled myself enough to share with my mom.
We also had our nine-month check up this month. All is well except for the fact that we had to say good-bye to our pediatrician. This was hard for me because in the short amount of time that Rylee has been on this earth I have struggled finding people in the medical profession that really cared about us. Rylee's pediatrician was one that we totally trusted. We will definitely miss her but wish her luck on her path.
I had anxiously counted down the days until that Friday, ecstatic that I had finally been given a chance to live out my dream. But no matter how much I reveled the thought, I still dreaded actually doing it. There was no turning back now because that day had finally come.
Bad Religion – Kyoto Now!
It doesn’t get better than this. I am sweep away by the gesture and warmth of my daughters love. Thank you Nina, you’re a sweetheart.
While the right to a balanced and healthful ecology is to be found under the Declaration of Principles and State Policies and not under the Bill of Rights, it does not follow that it is less important than any of the civil and political rights enumerated in the latter. Such a right belongs to a different category of rights altogether for it concerns nothing less than self-preservation and self-perpetuation — aptly and fittingly stressed by the petitioners — the advancement of which may even be said to predate all governments and constitutions. As a matter of fact, these basic rights need not even be written in the Constitution for they are assumed to exist from the inception of humankind. If they are now explicitly mentioned in the fundamental charter, it is because of the well-founded fear of its framers that unless the rights to a balanced and healthful ecology and to health are mandated as state policies by the Constitution itself, thereby highlighting their continuing importance and imposing upon the state a solemn obligation to preserve the first and protect and advance the second, the day would not be too far when all else would be lost not only for the present generation, but also for those to come — generations which stand to inherit nothing but parched earth incapable of sustaining life.
Police arrested more than 91,000 foreigners suspected of crimes last year – the equivalent of 250 a day – compared with less than 52,000 in 2008.
The Plastic Surgeons opined that this proposal would "put a whole new face on the matter".
So, even though this only brings me back to a starting weight from previous diets, it has done wonders. I am swimming in my fat clothes and fitting (some still snugly) into my ‘medium’ jeans!! Yippee!
At school, at work, everywhere, I find myself being tested daily. I see couples, engaged, married, or just together and it makes me mad, in a sense.
Replies came in thick and fast. As I began to compare them it became apparent that they followed no discernible pattern. For some, it is memories as opposed to words , and in particularly a smash and grab mid-week 1-0 win over Hedge-End Rangers back in xxx 2007. In truth I was not fully prepared for the broad and contradictory tapestry of loyalty, waterlogged. One opted for Barrie Becheley’s iconic moustache. Others found it too complex to put into words.
Fast Food:
A suggested date you have open during the tour
Option 3: Trade Down and pick Harrison Smith, Shea McClellin, Chandler Jones, or Courtney Upshaw.
But maybe I’m the wrong person to listen to, as I have many problems with biopics, in particular with those that attempt to glorify artists. La vie certainly doesn’t shy away from Piaf’s alcoholism or her dependence on painkillers, but nothing is shown of her activities during WWII, and only coy nods are made at the rumors of bisexuality. The deathbed confession also irks greatly – even if it’s true, the film feels like it's grasping for unearned tears. It’s a familiar trope with biopics, one that rarely ceases to bother.
Buildings and people down under the skies,
We go through spurts where they want to squeeze out a few drops about every 10 minutes just to get a jelly bean, but hopefully we can phase treats out with time & with that phase out the 10 minute pee cycles too. But the boys definitely don't have the bladder size that Liv has. That girl sometimes goes just 3 or 4 times a day. She was so easy, that even our boys who really have been easy to this point by most peoples standards, seem much harder.
James V: Do you like my new haircut???
John, pleasure to work with you. Well done.
I was with my client preparing for trial Wednesday and in trial from 10 to 5 today. Last night dinner with Dad and strep-mom; tonight dinner with Dad, step-mom and nice friends. So only few minutes internet time.
One folk name for yarrow is devil’s nettle. Other names include bloodwort, carpenter’s weed, sanguinary, staunchweed, dog daisy, old man’s pepper, field hops, nosebleed, knight’s milfoil, soldier’s woundwort, and military herb. Yarrow accompanied soldiers into battle and was relied upon for its hemostatic action to treat wounds.
"I'm glad you came," said William.
Carol
Hagman
as confused as you are,
Government VIPs will soon be jetting around the country in two luxury jets complete with sleeping quarters, computer and satellite communication services and a conference cabin with space for six people.
Our present numerical system was introduced to Europe via the Middle East in the Middle Ages, and the numbers are therefore often known in the West as Arabic numerals, yet Arabs themselves admit that the system came from India. The zero as a proper number was probably invented by Indians (and possibly by Mayans in Central America independently of Eurasia) perhaps because the concept of “nothing” found a greater resonance in a culture dominated by Buddhism and Hinduism than in a Christian or a Muslim culture.
We are one human family
Rex Ryan recognizes that Tebow is a winner and can contribute to the Jets, so they traded for him. It’s a good fit because he is finally in a place where he has the backing of his head coach.
This time last year, I had just returned from my first trip to Russia where I'd met the baby girl who would, several months later, officially become my daughter.
I got started on a new painting. It's just the beginning, but I like where it's going...
AND Yes, The New Vic has an excellent restaurant and cafe...jampacked last Saturday lunchtime .....but once my friends appeared with their plate of gorgeous cakes, I could certainly see its tasty appeal!
The next couple of days were filled with fun activities. Auntie Kate arrived and we spent time watching Tangled and making our first beach trip of the year. We now have another thing to add to the list of things my fearless son is oddly scared off. Sand. He was not a fan. I think because it shifts under his feet, and being 1, he’s not too steady to start. Once we got him calm though he had a ball digging in the sand. One of his sand molds is in the shape of a duck so I practiced with him saying “quack, quack”. Except when Ryan says it, its more like, “man grunt, man grunt.” So we’re close…;) Grams took the kids to the park to burn off some steam and Isabel of course made Grams push her on the swing until Grams could push no more. And Isabel showed Grams how she “flies.” Without shoes of course….because that’s how she rolls.
The turbine works in the same way as the turbines currently seen dotting horizons around the world – and the electricity produced also helps power the water manufacturing process.
Heat a tablespoon of olive oil in a frying pan over medium heat and cook the sausages, turning frequently, until golden and cooked through. Set aside to cool slightly. Once cooled, cut at an angle into thick slices.
“I shall return in a month’s time with Ulrica.”
Little white bungalow houses
husband lost a job
I saw the words "organic" and "pilsner" together and I knew it was something I had to try. All the organic brews I've tried have been refreshing and good. When I mean refreshing, I don't mean cheap lager to wash down pizza with, I'm talking about the that unsweetened ice tea in the middle of summer feeling. For a beer with a name like this, it looked a bit cloudy and tasted more tart than I'd expect of a pilsner. There must have been some of that lemon and orange zest in this, which made me not like it as much as I could have. I was really looking for a more clean lightly carbonated beer with a bit of sweetness without the zest.
We told the girls today and Ella had a melt down. She was so upset that we wouldn't be having an open house anymore. She wanted balloons on the for sale sign. I told her we would buy a balloon for the sold sign. Claire was thrilled and showed her enthusiasm by licking our front door and saying, "I love this house. I will miss it." Hey, at least the door was clean!
The film stars Matthew McConaughey, Ryan Phillippe and Marisa Tomei and is directed by Brad Furman (The Take).
The argument that, unless the emergency powers of the President were made to cease the moment Congress convened in regular session, we should be having two legislatures which could mutually annul each other, will not stand analysis. In supposing that the President, in the exercise of the emergency powers could “repeal or modify a bill passed by the Legislature,” the argument overlooks the fact that the emergency powers delegated to the President under Article VI, section 26 of the Constitution could only authorize him “to promulgate rules and regulations to carry out a declared national policy.” Only the Legislature (with the concurrence of the President of course) may declare the President may not, under the Constitution, depart from it. Moreover, unless the Presidential veto could be overriden, no bill approved by Congress could become a law if the President did not want it. And if the President approves a bill and allows it to become a law, surely he can have no reason for repealing it; while, on the other hand, there is no point in his repealing that bill, because if there are enough votes to override his veto there must also be enough votes to repeal his emergency powers.
Bake for 15-18 minutes or until just golden and coming away from the sides of the pan. Turn the oven down to 180°C/350°F.
SWAT!
“But when I kissed a cop down at 23rd and Vine,
“Never Fall Down” is similar to Dave Eggers‘ fictionalized memoir of Sudanese child soldier Valentino Achak Deng in “What Is the What,” but it differs from McCormick’s 2008 National Book Award finalist, “Sold.” For that book she interviewed several Nepalese and Indian sex slave survivors, fusing their stories into a single, fictionalized character. “Never Fall Down” is a blend of Pond’s memories and McCormick’s research and imagination. “The truth,” McCormick writes, “is right there between the lines.”
And I couldn’t believe what happened.
Period: 20th Century
1) In the book One Year to a Writing Life by Susan Tiberghien, the author discussing the importance of learning to name things. She starts with having the writer name each and every one of their journal entries. I faithfully practice naming my ramblings every time I write one because Lord knows I need the help.
in.
Bengalis do tend to have large families and this is the third most deprived borough in the country. Overcrowding is a serious issue. But other Bengalis I know in the area had told me that it was very unusual to have any more than five adults in one house. The households are large, they said, because they have lots of children – not lots of adults.
We can feel a pull toward the high desert, a land where the trees are sparse, and the red earth shows through the beautiful colors of plants that survive there. I could enjoy seeing these colorful earthtones the rest of my life.
I’ve been using Bourjois’ 10 Hour Sleep Effect in shade 72, Rosé Clair every now and then to mix it up…
She has come possessed
Miracles of healing were manifested in the early church… Acts 3:6, 4:29, 5:12, 6:8, 8:5, 14:3, 19:11-12, Hebrews 2:3-4… The church has never ceased to exist.All believers are commissioned to heal the sick… Mark 16:17-18 (KJV) ”And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues; They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover.” Believers have not changed… Jesus said, John 14:1-4… “He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall he do also.” The age of miracles and healing is not over.
But I know the sign is a lie. I know the truth. It should read "Home For Sale".
6. Has the feedback from fellow writers, submissions to literary agents and publishers resulted in one or more of the following?
Armstrong, Rachel – Living Architecture : How sythetic Biology can remake our cities and reshape our lives.
‘Catcher in the rye’ was made as the book’s title, an interception of Holden and his younger sister Phoebe’s conversation below :
As Mark Weiszer notes, Bailey seems to have been impressed with Todd Grantham and how he recruited him. Specifically, that the Dallas Cowboys coach was in his living room 3 days after stepping off the plane in Athens.
We lack understanding, only You know
The show began with two songs from a very pretty solo singer called Louise. She then explained that the guitarist had been delayed and was on his way over. Two young men then joined Louise on stage - one on drums and one on bass. It took three or four minutes to try and tune up as seemingly the guitarists pedals were crucial to this and no-one knew what to do. Then...the guitarist - Andy - arrived. He sorted things out....but the most bizarre thing was that the first song he was involved in had no guitar playing - just backing vocals. It was all a wee bit of a shambles and made it difficult to know if the band were any good.
Tabasco ferments and ages their peppers in white oak barrels for up to three years, so I've been tossing around the idea of adding a piece of oak right into my mash. I lost track of a recipe online where someone baked the oak to get rid of the "freshness" and then added it to their mash.
and then the next reply...
These softer, smoother and, we hope, easier to use textures are now in the same larger landscape format as our evergreen Antique Edges of 4000 x 5000 pixels, giving an extra 20% approx acreage and textural value for money!
EFF: 75%
2. He ate a lot of fish,
can we see the times go by
With low in sugar, it is really good for my family because both my son and hubby enjoyed moon cakes very much.
I was never far from a book when I was a child, and I was lucky to grow up in a house where books were plentiful, cared for and shared. As a teacher I encouraged parents to share books with their children. Many would see it as a chore; the nightly ritual with the reading book sent home with a comment card. If they were lucky, Mum or Dad might hear them read whilst cooking the tea, one ear on the TV, one eye on baby brother. If they were unlucky the book never came out of its bookbag. What to write on the comment card? "Jane read nicely today,” or “Josh struggled with this - it’s too hard.” Worst of all was the complaint that a book had too many pictures! I lost count over the years of how many times I had to fight that particular battle, and this is not the place to share the arguments I used.
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society: This is an epistolary novel about the effects of World War II on the island of Guernsey, which was occupied by the Germans, and a little bit of London too. Letters between Juliet/Izzy, a journalist, and the residents of Guernsey tell the story of the German occupation and how the residents of Guernsey used their literary society and friendship to overcome those hardships. Eventually Juliet/Izzy decides to write a book about Guernsey island and moves there for several months. The characters are
Anyway, I know that if I don't practice, I'll never get better. So I pushed on and decided to finally trying my hand at a second cake.
Last night, Ted said that we have been really scarred by all of our losses. We have. It impacts us in every way possible. Even in ways that we could never have guessed. We don't feel like normal people anymore. We never will again. I don't want to.
“Peter Nietzsche McMurphy Carroll was born under the auspices of the Hanged King, a mostly ill omen considered a sign of duress and privation unless – according to the vague but pervasive ontology slowly building through the budding 1950s counterculture – blessed by the light of a harvest moon. Well, it was a harvest moon that night. The young Marin County resident went so far as to sever his own umbilical cord using a confluence of right hand and left elbow, a move soon to be known as the double corner blitz. One day old and he was already capable of inhabiting the minds of opposing quarterbacks deep into otherwise soothing April nights when thoughts ought to be given over to other, more civilized things. But that was Carroll for you. He stuck around.”
You can find this historic railcar at Mile Marker 47.0 across from the 7-Mile Bridge on Knights Key. It’s FREE and air-conditioned so please stop on in and spend a few minutes looking around.
With two years of eligibility remaining, Hamilton found it hard to find the field in 2010, where he was trapped behind a pair of talented defensive ends in Quinton Spears and Jarvis Wilson. Nonetheless, despite very little playing time Hamilton was still able to create some splash plays and make an impact by accounting for 5.5 sacks, 8 tackles for a loss and a blocked punt return for a touchdown. However, it was in 2011 where Hamilton finally made his name known, while getting him back on the radars of NFL scouts and personnel men, with a performance that we haven’t seen out of a defensive player in the SWAC since the legendary Robert Mathis. In 2011, Hamilton was able to earn Defensive Player of the Year honors where he continuously wreaked havoc in the backfield and made enough noise to get his name back into the mix. Every journey is different and unique, but Hamilton has overcome quite a bit of adversity to become the player he is today and this perseverance and never give up kind of attitude is the type of thing that endures you to an athlete and person. Here is what I saw when I broke down multiple games of Adrian Hamilton from his performances in the midst of his record-breaking season.
Anne: Hawthorne
Garlic flakes – 5
Absolutely! It’s definitely not the easy option and you need to be prepared to work your socks off, but it’s all yours and what have you really got to lose? (Okay, perhaps some money, quite a bit of time, your sanity …)
He lied.
So, my hiatus from run-blogging (is that a word?) is officially over. The last time I posted, I was doing a wrap-up of the Philadelphia Marathon back in November 2011. That seems like ages ago. Without going through each of the last few months, suffice it to say that I have been running several days during the week, generally between 4 and 7 miles or so, with a longer run on the weekends of anywhere between 8 and 13 miles.
Anacortes Brewery
It was so fun sitting at the wine bar in the middle of the day, sampling new wines, chatting with my friend (and complete strangers) and being tipsy at 1pm!
Broken pieces need to be restored
Well that's kind of perfect, isn't it? I saw this *after* I wrote yesterday's post about letting go. It looks like the universe approves of this line of thinking.
Denim: Ralph Lauren
I honestly have no interest in going out of my way, spending time, energy, and money that I don't have to get you a fucking book you can get with the click of a button. And the more obscure your desired item is, the more obscure the store it will be in will be too. Thus, me getting lost and wasting a shit ton of time on you is a high probability.
One of the keys to abundance is FLOW...meaning money flows both in and out of our lives. And understanding that concept means you get that the outward flow makes more room now for the inward flow.
It was my intention to pop them into the CD player in the car and decide whether I would keep them or pass them on.
who said, "I love to try the Hawaiian White Ginger Perfume Oil. Yum!" I will be E-mailing her immediately to let her know she won.
To my eyes, there seems to be little or nothing in the evidence I have analysed here which might give rise to proceedings against him.
i made a database website, sorta, for all the tapes i've done so far.. "sorta" because there's nothing much for the moment except for the releases and track list but think it'll blossom into something over time i've even been thinking of abandoning blogspot and just doing it this way so peep it if you're interested in the track list before downloading. view it HERE.
Painted Cryx bile thralls unit
But, it’s not. I came out as a lesbian in 1992 – and that that time, it was legal to be denied employment or promotions, housing and even retail services that any other member of the public could take advantage of.
The Great Recession, officially declared over in 2009, lingers on in the impoverishment of millions, with Black America hardest hit, even as corporations rake in record profits. In March unemployment was officially 8.2%–for Blacks, 14.0%, double that of whites. Those figures would be higher if they included involuntary part-timers and “discouraged workers.” Just 14.7% of Black teens had jobs. The national poverty rate had risen to 15.1%, and nearly twice that for Blacks and Hispanics.
Deanna
President Das was assassinated outside his office on 30 January 1948. Remarkably, no one was actually punished for the first of India’s many political assassinations. According to the official White Paper, the assassination involved a radical wing of the Communist Party of India. Maj Gen Akbar Khan, head of the Inter Services Intelligence (India’s major spy agency), was implicated. As was Bhagat Singh, a veteran of the anti-british radicalism of the 1920s. Both were acquitted because of a lack of evidence.
It’s Bea’s first Christmas with her baby son, and this year she’s determined to do everything right. But there is still so much to do: the Christmas menu needs refining; her café, The Honey Pot, needs decorating; and she’s invited the whole neighbourhood to a party on Christmas Day. She really doesn’t have time to get involved in two new people’s lives, let alone fall in love…When Olivia gets knocked over in the street, however, Bea can’t help bringing her into The Honey Pot and getting to know her. Olivia’s life is even more hectic than her own, and with her fiancé’s entire family over from Ireland for Christmas, she shouldn’t be lingering in the cosy warmth of Bea’s café. Chloe, on the other hand, has nowhere else to go. Her affair with a married man has alienated her friends, and left her lonelier than ever.But Christmas is a magical time, and in the fragrant atmosphere of The Honey Pot, anything can happen: new friends can be made, hearts can heal, and romance can finally blossom…
An appointment that had been scheduled ahead of time......
The cash went to Hollaback!, a Boerum Hill based nonprofit, that already uses a hot pink iPhone and Android app. collecting complaints mainly from peeved women detailing sidewalk encounters with creepy Casanovas.
Kimberly Gordon Duo
Here are a couple sneak peeks of the New Inky Impressions Winter Release Stamps 2011!
4) 50 Double-Unders – rest 20 sec.
Ill do something boyfriend related for example a survey or etc periodically and you guys can join in too! Cuz i wanna know moooore! Nosy, remember?
“A mother understands what a child does not say.”
According to Hindu mythology, The Mahabharata was dictated by the sage Vyasa to Ganesha, the elephant-headed god. However, some scholars believe that the sections of the epic that deal with Ganesh’s scripting are later interpolations. Vyasa himself appears as a character in the epic. Vyasa’s brother Vichitravirya died without issue, so Vyasa’s mother asked him to impregnate his brother’s wives, the sisters Ambika and Ambalika. Ambika was the first to come to Vyasa’s bed, but out of fear and shyness, she closed her eyes. Vyasa cursed her and told her that her child would be born blind. The next night, it was Ambalika’s turn. She had been warned to remain calm, but her face turned pale due to fear. Again Vyasa cursed her and told her that her son would be be anemic and not be fit enough to rule the kingdom. These two brothers would end up being the ancestors of the two warring clans, the Kauravas and the Pandavas.
So very tired. She took the bottle in her head and started drinking. A few pills might dull their voices…
Teresa Abajo http://redvelvetcreations.blogspot.com It belongs to Judy – a fellow Aussie. She’s soooo talented, and I’m thrilled to be doing a workshop with her this coming November. I can’t wait!
DAMAGE/ATTACK: See below
Perhaps because it remotely involves my pu-say and intimately involves my baby making organs that are frankly no body's business but my own and MDH's. It also might require me to discuss the problems that led up to the hysterectomy that involve intimate details about my horrific menstrual cycles that I'm not keen to spill out to just anyone (in person).
Nearly 100 blogs have linked up to bring you dozens and dozens of exciting cloth diaper giveaways. Enter my giveaway below and then hop to the other blogs listed at the bottom of this post to enter their fluffy giveaways too! Each blog has a cloth diaper prize valued at $15 or more, and many blogs have prize packs worth over $100.
SECRET TEST SCREENINGS
The Steering Group also welcomes the submission of pre-formed panel proposals. 300 word abstracts should be submitted by Friday 1st October 2010. All submissions are minimally double blind peer reviewed where appropriate. If an abstract is accepted for the conference, a full draft paper should be submitted by Friday 4th February 2011. Abstracts should be submitted simultaneously to the Organising Chairs; abstracts may be in Word, WordPerfect, or RTF formats with the following information and in this order:
to slake all our thirsts, spurting
We bought a condo on the water so we could see the reflections of the city lights at the end of the day, and be able to take our canoe out on the spur of the moment; but if we keep the curtains drawn, and work during every spare moment, we will miss out on those things.
In separate bowl, whisk together flour, salt, and baking soda. Add to wet mixture until just combined. Press into prepared pan.
Trace is the sign you look for that the soap has become stable and is ready to be poured into a mould. Before you reach trace, the surface of the mixture will be smooth, like pouring cream. When you reach trace, slight ripples will form on the surface and remain there, like thick custard. The mix should be thick, but pourable.
Certainly I would have commemorated our first dinner in our new house with a spectacular meal, right? I would NOT serve macaroni and chicken fingers. And I'd NEVER let the water boil over. I get along GREAT with electric stoves, you know.
Given some unexpected free time, I did a little 3D cad of what I want my solar panel system to look like. Crude and lacking in details, but in overview, it will look like this:
Hubby insists it looks like an ashtray, but I am enamoured with how perfectly it pairs with the yellow abstract I painted. Only once I settled on a yellow and grey bathroom scheme did I realize how hard it is to find zingy yellow accessories, so I am especially excited about this thrifty find.
we are not
It's no surprise I won't be here tomorrow
A cloud landed
It has been well said that “true worship is based upon recognized greatness, and greatness is superlatively seen in Sovereignty, and at no other footstool will men really worship.” In the presence of the Divine King upon His throne even the seraphim ‘veil their faces.’ Divine sovereignty is not the sovereignty of a tyrannical Despot, but the exercised pleasure of One who is infinitely wise and good! Because God is infinitely wise He cannot err, and because He is infinitely righteous He will not do wrong. Here then is the preciousness of this truth. The mere fact itself that God’s will is irresistible and irreversible fills me with fear, but once I realize that God wills only that which is good. My heart is made to rejoice. Here then is the final answer to the question (concerning our attitude toward God’s sovereignty)—What ought to be our attitude toward the sovereignty of God? The becoming attitude for us to take is that of godly fear, implicit obedience, and unreserved resignation and submission. But not only so: the recognition of the sovereignty of God, and the realization that the Sovereign Himself is my Father, ought to overwhelm the heart and cause me to bow before Him in adoring worship. At all times I must say, “Even so, Father, for so it seemeth good in Thy sight.”
Because this show goes on
“I love your country,” the man says, pushing past, looking into my face. “I love your Par-lee-ment. Our country is…”
Week 15: Sunday, Dec. 16, at Buffalo, 1:05 PM
Here's the wonderful inspiration from Team Carly!
The California Gull adults are roughly 19-21 inches (47-54 cm) in length with a wingspan of up to 51 inches (130 cm). Their head is white with a yellow bill. The neck and under parts are also white. The gull’s back and wings are dark gray. The legs and feet are a greenish-yellow color. Breeding and nesting time frame for California Gulls is usually in May to July. The nest is typically a shallow depression on the ground lined with vegetation and feathers. The female gull normally lays 2 or 3 eggs. Both parents will take turns feeding the young birds. The California Gull is a “four-year gull,” in that it takes four years for them to reach adult plumage.
hen of the woods mushrooms sauteed with blackberries, thyme and truffle oil on grilled brioche
1) Indiannapolis Colts: QB Andrew Luck
I'm going crazy.
The attitude and the hopefully good intentions?
2.- TNT - Produced by Domingo
It has also been confirmed that Dario Argento has begun pre-production on his newest film, the conclusion of his Three Mothers Trilogy, under the working title Mother Of Tears. The film will be set in Rome and will center around Mater Lachrymarum. Dario himself and Jace Anderson share writing credits for this movie. A joint effort between the Itallian Studio, Medusa, and the American Studio, Myriad Pictures (which made Jeepers Creepers) will finance the production of the film giving it a large budget, at least compared to his earlier work, and Max Von Sydow has signed on to play an as yet unknown role.
I'm working some unbelievable hours right up to Thanksgiving. Chances are that anyone who is employed at a grocery store is doing the same thing. With that in mind, I thought I'd offer a word...
Then, we open stockings and gifts and lounge around all day until Christmas dinner.
Nicole read the note.
I've signed up for a Hadar Jacobson class for this upcoming weekend. Originally, it was supposed to be a beginner to advanced class, the first two days, a beginner class and then the last two days would build on the first two. So I signed up, but sometime in between, the class became advanced. No beginner.
If only there were a vast existing literature, much of it not making reference to God at all, about what rationality and cognitive obligation and function and malfunction might mean! If only this vast literature were available in any decent university library, easily accessible by anyone in the Philosophy profession!
Upon his shelf veranda,
The rich man went to hell not because he was rich but because he was a self-absorbed egomaniac who thought it was all about him. He refused to be saved and he refused to love even the least that was among him and his ilk.
So, if you want to create fiction from fact, here are a few pointers about what to do/what not to do.
Sword & Laser: Episode 99 -- only one away from 100!
Most of us spend a good portion of our childhoods hanging out with people exactly the same age as ourselves (in school). We start to band together with the beliefs that younger people aren't cool, older people aren't cool, and our parents especially aren't cool. A lot of us go to college, where a child is a very rare sight, and the only "old people" are some of the professors. Otherwise, almost everyone is within a four-year age range. It is like a different planet from the regular Earth. We get used to only dealing with "bad behavior" from our age-peers.
Written by Norman Spinrad; Directed by Marc Daniels
Yep, you guessed it. Johnny Awesome.
You know how you tend to forget about certain stores? Crate & Barrel is one of those stores for me, but when Megan showed us her beautiful new end tables from there, I hopped over and found a few I loved as well.
His talks about "the bloggerati" or beer blogging community being a bunch of trend chasing Internet elitists who only care about the next new beer and constantly slag off CAMRA for dismissing craft/keg beers. In reply various bloggers have pointed out how narrow minded and poorly thought out his speech was. At one point during discussions anti-CAMRA hard man Jeff Picktall threatened to get involved, and you know he won't be taking no prisoners. But to me the argument all seems a bit dumb.
561790 Other services to buildings & dwellings
If this Brazilian woman works, often times it’s something that she loves, like running her own shop or planning parties. At the very least, she does something she’s passionate about or extremely good at. If a woman is interested in power, she runs a department or a business (or runs for President).
While the Muslim Brotherhood’s sweep of parliamentary elections has been attributed partly to their superior organization, the presidential election could yet strengthen the political gains of Islamist parties. However, as two Egyptian panelists at “Women Making Democracy” pointed out, there are other strong currents in the country: conservatism is larger and more deeply rooted than Islam (Heba Raouf), and Egyptians are not ultra-religious; they are moderate by nature (Shahira Amin). Therefore, a rejection of secularism doesn’t necessarily mean the embrace of strict Islamist rule. In fact, all through this exploration, I came across more moderate and conciliatory voices than radical ones, and the revolution still seems to inspire nationalist sentiments.
Went on a hayride after we stocked up on warm, homemade applecider doughnuts and kettle corn!
As I've said many times before, I don't miss having a car. I really can get to almost everything I need on the bus with advanced planning. Or even spur of the moment. After reading several enthusiastic reviews last night, I immediately wanted to see The Dark Knight. One series-of-tubes search later and I had a ticket to the Angelika downtown. After one bus and a few minutes walk, I was ensconced in a nice seat in an only half-full theater. Hooray for working nights and therefore seeing movies at 9:15 on a Sunday when few jerkwads clog the theater with talking or rampant cell phone use!
-Why taking policies further that conservatives parrot (e.g., lower taxes, less regulations, relaxing of antitrust laws) will have a detrimental effect on the overall economy.
Protein supplements are popular with athletes, but well fed athletes don’t need supplements. Many athletes think they need to increase their protein intake to increase muscle. This is also not always true. It is true that extra adequate protein is needed for muscle building and also true that consuming extra protein with resistance exercise helps build new proteins, thus muscle, but protein supplements do not improve performance beyond the gains of ordinary balanced meals.
Well to me it’s horrific, of course, that goes without saying. I mean, how would you feel if you took a look in the mirror to see what I see every day?
to rock on the porch swing.
Pages M, Falcy M. Evaluation du risque solvants pour la grossesse. Dossier médico-technique INRS 80 TC 75. Documents pour le médecin du travail 1999; 80: 335-353.
Sometimes popcorn for dinner is enough.
I've been 'around' in the writing business (and had enough disappointments, trust me!) to know this doesn't necessarily mean a cause for huge celebration ... having an agent doesn't necessarily spell success or even publication. My last brief experience with an agent was frankly, a disaster. But what it does mean is that someone, a professional, who knows the business, likes my new book enough to feel they can give it a chance.
When I got home, I made each of my 6 kids hold the tube of meat in their arms. The burger that those guys ate used 10 of these tubes I told them.
25. The Chatham Singers - Man Gallows Eyes
Me smiling,me with friends,me careless,me with more flesh and life in me than what I have right now.
“The complexity of current resistance training guidelines may deter some people from resistance training and therefore from receiving the associated health benefits,” says Stuart Phillips, a professor in the Department of Kinesiology and supervisor of the study. “Our study provides evidence for a simpler paradigm, where a much broader range of loads including quite light loads can induce muscle growth, provided it is lifted to the point where it is difficult to maintain good form.”
Some diners reported that they were mistaken for valet parkers, coat checks and bathroom attendants.
and Stack the States: answer the questions about the states to earn a puzzle piece, then stack them to meet a goal line to earn badges. Collect state badges to earn access to additional games.
As my "about me" section explains, I'm a graduate student finishing my Master's in Mental Health Counseling while finishing another degree in Dietetics in order to acquire certification as a Registered Dietitian. My end goal is to be able to help people with various eating disorders, specifically those of the food addiction and overeating variety.
All-purpose flour
Ronan could not hide a small smile. “Well, since the visions don’t tell me where Mara is, we can’t really rescue him, so I have a bad feeling it is gonna be a long night again,” he said. The mood sobered quickly.
He shuffled slowly through the workshop, took his apron from a peg, and settled down at his workbench.
Frankly, just the description is made of win.
So, I now need to go clean. Because my friend from Boston is coming tomorrow, and the house is a mess. And my mom has been threatening to tell him he can't come. Which would be horribly mean. So I am off to clean! Oh, what fun.
Sir John Betjeman said he read them with dread because he believed anything that was said against him was true, and that anything said in his favour was flattery. He said he never believed he was any good at all!
Overall, maybe Ed Wood wasn't as crazy as we think, for this piece at least. Maybe he felt that he needed to express a small portion of his life to others in order to try and gain acceptance for his Cross-dressing tendencies in a time where both transvestites and homosexuality were heavily frowned upon and blatantly hated. Simply it was a method for Wood to educate the public to be more open to other life-styles. Of course, I (Loneislander) could be the crazy one and this might just be a bat-shit insane film with no true context and that I might just be looking for a reason to justify why we watched it in the first place. In any case we say to give it a chance and watch it anyway, it's at least a good laugh if you don't get anything else out of it.
Sister Anastazja had been cooking for the Jesuits for years when they got the idea to put some of her best recipes together in a brochure, said Father Bogdan Calka, a director at the Catholic publishing house WAM. That evolved into her first book, “103 Cakes of Sister Anastazja,” which was published in 2001 and became a surprise success. With 400,000 copies sold to date, it is her most popular book.
When you complement people on their attributes – their discipline, intelligence, determination, attention to detail, patience, helpfulness, enthusiasm – the essential qualities that were uniquely demonstrated in a given task, you identify and highlight a specific behavioral characteristic. If you clearly communicate that it is this characteristic you appreciate, your employees will strive to cultivate it.
Is your neighbour a personality disorder? Does he behave suspiciously and not meet enough people for your liking? Does he buy objects of which you disapprove for purposes of which you are not entirely certain? Does he look at you in an irrational and potentially violent manner? Has he just been released from prison, a psychiatric hospital, the armed forces or a turn on reality television? Is he getting ready to burn down your house, chop your entire family into small pieces and then cop an insanity plea and live out his natural life in the luxury hotel that is Broadmoor? Does he smell bad or mutter to himself? Call 0898 STOPNUTS for the information hotline and do your bit for society. All treats will be strictly confident. Rewards.
Finally tonight we had homemade chicken pot pie. Again, it would have taken a lot longer without the convenience of just grabbing the jar and shredding the chicken. Absolute perfection if I do say so myself. :)
Jocelyn (Josie) - taken
That’s how our Tuesday AM started, with the gently wafting odor of not-quite-sure-what filling our home from the outside.
As it was our last evening, there was only one more place that we really wanted to hit, and that was Café Abseits, about a 1.5km walk from Fassla, on the other side of the main station. From the little research I'd done, Abseits had popped up several times as a bar with an interesting selection of beers, not least the Weyermann's beers (sadly, we'd arrived too late on Friday to take the Weyermann's tour). I can confirm Abseits has an impressive beer menu, and not just from a German perspective. It might be unfair to say that is it's main redeeming feature, but on the night in question, the place stank. Badly. A kind of sweaty smell, and the toilets left a lot to be desired. Nevertheless, it was well filled with locals.
“Some would rather blame it on ghosts because they are too afraid to speak about the death.”
Mrs. Many, mother of Patrolman Frank Many of the Bergen street station, lives opposite the haunted house, in the same house with patrolman William Johnson of the Seventy-first Street Precinct and his wife.
When we use rape as a casual term in everyday language (for example, to express something has gone poorly – “man, our project proposal totally got raped in that meeting”), we are equating rape to an mildly unpleasant event or a hard day.
Now go back to Destiny Islands, a dog’s real busy
I forgot, I need to take my medicine.
Rufi, however, is about as easy to steer as a train, so I wasn’t worried that any MFA program could hurt her much. What worried me was that she would be too original for them—too young, too distinctive in style, and too bold in subject matter. Though she was an ideal MFA candidate in principle, I’ve served on various admissions committees in academia, and I was all-too-aware that tall nails tend to get hammered down in that ugly little process. Add to this the fact that getting into a good MFA program is about as easy as getting your first novel published, and is often quite political (with the handful of spaces available already allocated to a few folks with inside tracks), and I was concerned that she might be in for a long series of rejections. (On the other hand, I told myself secretly that a long series of rejections isn’t the worst thing to prepare someone for a writing career, so the downside wasn’t huge.)
When asked regarding a rumor that the Carpathia might put into Boston and land its rescued passengers there, Sumner replied there was nothing in the report. Had there been but a few of the rescued ones this might have been done, he said, but it was his opinion that with .more than 800 survivors on board the captain of the Carpathia would make direct for this city.
What side are you on? That is the question Jesus is asking in Luke 13:1-8. Are you on the side of right or wrong? The right side leads to eternal life, while the wrong side leads to destruction. Jesus’ message is simple: all you have to do is repent of your sins in order to have new life. If you don’t repent, then you will perish. God does not desire to cut us down, but rather He loves us and desires us to bear fruit. What fruit are you bearing in your life currently? What sins do you need to repent of in order to start bearing the kind of fruit God desires?
And I noticed a lot of neighbours didn't realize this either as not very many cans were out.
Bells Two Hearted Ale
Salvation is not escape
It is practically a super food. For all of you skeptics out there about quinoa…you stink.
When I got to the man (2) I colored the smaller side first and quickly so the other side wouldn't dry. (3) Then I quickly came back and finished the rest of the picture. I wasn't too careful about the water line, since I knew that the water was going to be blue anyways, but I tried to stay out of the grass as much as possible.
Dress - $40 Classic Clothing, Tights - $25 Cosmic, Shoes - $2 NZ made op-shop, Ribbon - spotlight, Beads - 50c op-shop
I have this charm of a bird that I love. Take a look:
The garlic chips were a bit of a letdown. They were thin and delicate but didn’t have a lot of garlic flavor. The fried egg, on the other hand, was a great topping, since the runny yolk just added to the already rich flavor of the beef.
Until then, as they say in Oklahoma, see ya'll later.
Dessert was the piece de resistance
RUNAWAYS as it stands coddles way too much to blonde "Cherry Bomb" lead singer Cherie Curie's (above) bratty myopia, a bad decision considering Dakota Fanning's halfhearted performance. Or is it just that Kristen Stewart as Joan Jett rocks harder and mopes so much grittier than Fanning that the movie grows lopsided? See that picture above, of the real Cherie? She may be acting as coy as Carmen Sternwood but those eyes are feral and dangerous, like a wild tigress we have known, like Carmen Sternwood in fact. Now look at poor Dakota below, blank as the freshly fallen snow.
Today's my birthday. So far it's been lousy. I had oral surgery to remove a molar last night, which reallly hurts. OK not as bad as it did last night, but it hurts. I can only open my mouth a bit, which means I can only eat what can be cut in tiny pieces. And I have to be super careful chewing on the right side so nothing gets stuck in the stitches on th left side.
Super Snoody Nasri will assume the Mr. Creativity role behind the front three.
His brown eyes vanish when he smiles at you.
1 lost
In this beautiful memoir, Tom Brokaw writes of America and of the American experience. From his parents? life in theThirties, on to his boyhood along the Missouri River and on the prairies of South Dakota in the Forties, into his early journalism career in the Fifties and the tumultuous Sixties, up to the present, this personal story is a reflection on America in our time. Tom Brokaw writes about growing up and coming of age in the heartland, and of the family, the people, the culture and the values that shaped him then and still do today. His father, Red Brokaw, a genius with machines, followed the instincts of Tom’s mother Jean, and took the risk of moving his small family from an Army base to Pickstown, South Dakota, where Red got a job as a heavy equipment operator in the Army Corps of Engineers’ project building the Ft. Randall dam along the Missouri River. Tom Brokaw describes how this move became the pivotal decision in their lives, as the Brokaw family, along with others after World War II, began to live out the American Dream: community, relative prosperity, middle class pleasures and good educations for their children. “Along the river and in the surrounding hills, I had a Tom Sawyer boyhood,” Brokaw writes; and as he describes his own pilgrimage as it unfolded?from childhood to love, marriage, the early days in broadcast journalism, and beyond?he also reflects on what brought him and so many Americans of his generation to lead lives a long way from home, yet forever affected by it.
The guy on the machine next to her happened to be taking a sip of water, and he did the most wonderful, honest spit-take I've ever seen. As he coughed the excess water away, the mom said, "Well it looks like HE might know!"
The back is a plain fabric and I’m using strips of the same to edge it. It’s a floor quilt. Basically something they can chuck on the carpet or sofa for him (or her) to lie on. I hope they like it, my fingers may never recover.
You won’t find it at Merriam-Webster Online. It’s not in Webster’s Third New International Dictionary (Unabridged) either. MS Word is okay with it but Blogger's spell checker is not.
Here is the reading corner. The big comfy bear, and both of their rocking chairs.The art area. Chalkboard/dry erase/paper roll easel from Ikea. We've had all the Ikea stuff for a while, just haven't really used it. The table and two chairs, also from Ikea.And this toy box is from Ikea, too. I think all three items totaled about $45.00. (Don't remember, we've had it all for a while, and they were gifts.) Really inexpensive stuff, though. And I also painted all the blocks in the green canvas bin on top of the toy box, then just used alphabet stickers I had in my scrapbook stuff. The magnet boards and toys.Now I'll tell you about the details, and all the good deals I found. The magnet board is an oil change pan. I got the idea from pinterest. The pinner said, $12.99 at Wal-mart, but I got mine for less than $10.00 at Auto Zone. That, and this road-rug were the only two things I bought for the room. Everything else was stuff I already had.The framed striped magnet boards were just unfinished ones I've had forever. I painted them white, then put blue painters tape on them to do the stripes. I love how they turned out. Garrett loves magnets. He's obsessed with these boards. All the magnets are from Micheal's and Hobby Lobby, between 10 and 50 cents each. The pop cycle stick ones I painted myself and just glued a magnet on the back of each one.
But Henry has a big deal secret life. In the room he rented, he was making glorious and huge paintings. Many of these were about an imagined war between different kingdoms and the suffering of children.
Leaden lump, oh, my heart
Meanwhile, Mr. Conventional Wisdom takes a look at the real impact of Delany’s proposal. Appalachian State’s athletic director provides an interesting perspective on the situation:
I used the new release, Big Boys Toys Series – Bi-plane Silhouette (9111-I) and Dreams Take Flight (9117-F). The image and sentiment were stamped on the oval mat. It was sponged with ink and layered on the scalloped oval mat. I used My Mind’s Eye designer paper to design the card. To finish off, I embellished with the ribbon and buttons with vintage twine.
Note: I got the idea for the doily design on this card from the Saturated Canary challenge blog. I didn't think that Maureen would mind if I decided to enter the card into a couple of challenges:
of that colour challenge is:
Today I have a card that uses the Rosy Posey set from Taylored Expressions along with the Rosy Posey Dies. I am currently taking the A Cut Above Class at Online Card Classes and I created this card using one of the diecutting techniques featured in the class. . .created a die cut window on your card. I created the window using the Jumbo Heart Border Die. I cut the window across the bottom portion of the card and used acetate for the "window". The patterned papers are from the Fabulous Collection from Simple Stories and are in the April Key Ingredients Subscription from Taylored Expressions. I also die cut the patterned papers so that they would mat the window. I adhered a pink strip of patterned paper on the inside of the card so that it would show through the window. I decorated that strip with hearts that were cut from the die cut strip.
The day my journey began was fairly hectic, but nothing truly out of the ordinary. I had to stop in at Ontario Motor Sales on my way to work and have a piece of plastic siding installed on my car. The gentleman who drove me to work while my car was in the shop was Tom Gibney, former news anchor for CTV News! While the other woman carpooling with me had no idea who he was, I was very excited. I had seen him on the news for as long as I had remembered! He was very nice and quite handsome in that dapper old man kind of way. We spoke about parenting and grandparenting, he asked me when I was due and I told him not for another three weeks. When we got to work he wished me luck and went on his merry way.
A perfect picture of your future
Jeff: This one on sale right here, the 2008 Georges de Latour! (pointing at the flagship wine for sale at Gary’s)
I believe that as an active lightworker, I have a significant role in helping both children and adults to be inspired, awaken, believe in themselves and their intuitive abilities, and explore their own authentic identity of who they really are in truth. I would like to think of myself as a bridge of light between Heaven and Earth, transmitting awareness and empowerment, and connecting people with the deeper, sacred and esoteric meanings of life on earth and beyond at this transformational time on our planet.
Mr du Toit was then executed by a shot behind his ear.
Just kidding. Anyway, she’ll give you a quiz about the Maple World. If you’re one of those people who just click enter, you fail. If you get one question wrong, you’re out. By ‘out’ I mean you won’t earn the Maple Coin, but you can still go on with the puzzle.
So there is some news: BUILD officials were lying when they said in September that they hadn't received money from Forest City Ratner. But that doesn't fit the "modern blueprint" storyline, does it? And so, Joe DePlasco, paid flack for the developer, gets the final word, not, for example, any of the numerous public officials involved in this debate. Marty Markowitz, for example, would've been good to interview. See below.
MM: Smiles beatifically.
We do not know yet of course precisely what Mr Whyte’s behaviour was which justified, in the eye of the Tribunal, a life ban.
The issue of adjusting images for a specific viewing condition came up recently, and I promised to put together a short article on the tools available in SpyderPrint, from Datacolor, to make such adjustments as simple as possible. Lets assume you have already built a custom SpyderPrint profile for your printer, inks, and paper of choice. Now you just want your images to look the same in your display location, as they do in your own studio. Here’s how to make that happen:
However, the sculpture, as Ovalle’s has us believe from his artist statement, does not speak in very coherent fashion of social or political boundaries, its strength lies in the literal boundaries of form and surface dissolving into landscape. The jump between Ovalle’s formal conjectures and the metaphoric quality that he seeks is impossible without supporting material, a disease of contemporary art that is not easily remedied. Emily Jacir’s work on the Palestinian situation or James Luna’s installations addressing racial, ethnic identity seem to offer better examples of artists dealing with social and political issues while formally articulating borders. Ovalle is formally very proficient and confident, and he needs to continue in these areas rather than venturing into a kind of idealism which seems to lie outside of his own boundaries.
From the underground stain of a decayed Viking.
- Engineer’s Motto
I’m always tweaking my work, sometimes the only reason why I stop is because the deadline is upon me and I must send it to the publishers. It still makes me feel a little sick when I send the manuscript out into the world. I think as creative people we’re always worried we haven’t done enough, that we could do just a little more. Sometimes I think knowing when to stop is as important as knowing when to carry on tweaking.
The photo on this mug is a close up of two bright pink climbing roses, fresh from the garden. The rose petals, in light and shadow, are many shades of pink, from pale to deep. One rose faces us directly, showing the tips of the petals as they curve around to the center. The other rose, beside and slightly behind the first, is turned a little to the side. They are resting on a light textured gray surface, against a black background.
I will put all of the followers with comments into a random drawing for the blog candy.
and we know i like my macro.
What can be said about Elizabeth Taylor? A picture is worth a million words. Her eyes tell you her soul and she left it for all to see. Not only was she beautiful outside, she was a beauty inside. One thing to learn from Elizabeth…Live your life, and live the life you want to live. She cared not what people thought of her. She knew her purpose, and she touched so many hearts.
I'm investigating bitless options for the moment. I've ridden him on the training cavesson, but I think I'll just attach the reins to his noseband, it's well padded so shouldn't be a problem.I've also been offered the loan of a Dr Cooks , so will give that a try, although I'm not sure how we will get on with the head-hug effect.
“RV Pegaso opens up for our clients an extraordinary opportunity for true exploration of the world’s oceans”, said Mark Cornell, Chief Executive of Edmiston, “and a privileged opportunity to play a hands-on role in marine conservation. Edmiston’s aim is to deliver the ultimate experiences for our clients and Pegaso will do exactly that through the Mediterranean expeditions this summer, the Caribbean winter season and then on to important South Pacific expeditions in 2013.”
And that's not even counting the six Kindle and six real-life books I need to read and review...
“Should you wish to discuss the self-publishing option in more detail, please do not hesitate to contact us.”
Sets and Costumes: Beautiful exteriors by master cinematographer Lucien Ballard, and the vaguely Japanese-style house on the Northern California coast, given to Connie Stevens's father by Brian Aherne (there he is again!) is quite an eyeful.
I don't get these out every night or anything, but I figured I share. I like to make an event out of every good beer I drink!
See you later, (I hope)
We finished off our night with a stroll back through the Quarter, window shopping along Decatur and then had a night cap at the Carousel Bar at the Monteleone Hotel. The Carousel Bar is exactly that, it has a Carousel inside! Very cool.
Roy: Self confidence.
Well that's all folks just a few more things. I should have a Back To the Binder! post within the next week. Is there anything else you'd like to see me post? I have my ideas but I find it better when other people join me and we can create something awesome! Thanks for Reading!
Wasabi Girl is amazing. She is conscientious, diligent, hard-working, and dedicated - in everything she does. I have seen the results in her championship gymnastics medals. I have heard her play the saxophone and seen her band win the highest possible honors. I see her perfect grades. I am so proud of all of her accomplishments.
Alright, I need to go clean my house and do Valentines!
It’s fashionable in “socially responsible investment circles to talk about the “triple bottom line” of social, environmental, and economic outcomes. New Urbanism has tended to focus largely on the last two, but it needs to include the first. Industrial policy will make New Urbanism better, and will bring allies that New Urbanism has not have before.
Middlest decided not to continue with gymnastics.
I get better. But I am nursing Ever, and co-sleeping, and so I am wakened many times a night, and although this lessons as she gets older, still, I never get more then four hours of sleep at one time. I am better, I eat wonderfully, I take the important fish oils, the b-vits, the multiple, I move my body, I get sunshine, and I get better. But I am consumed with my infant daughter and her tiny, new body and soul, and the sleepless and four kids and working and laundry and husband and moving and money and constant notenoughmoneynotenoughmoney and work/homework/dinner/bath/write/sleep repeat and through the blur of this time I push my hands and part the curtain and realize that I cannot feel myself inside this story. I am telling the story, and I am watching the story, but I am detached.
A: Internet article written by David porter in 2010
This is the third entry in my occasional series, Wearability Wednesday, in which I look back at a knitted item and see whether and how it gets worn. This time last year I knit a very cute skirt for Emma, using the Carnaby pattern, designed by Nikol Lohr, and published here by Knitty. Carnaby is such a great pattern – easy, stylish, fresh and wearable. Over 500 knitters on Ravelry have knit Carnaby, and unlike many other skirt patterns I have seen, it looks really good on most people. People have knit it in brights and in neutrals, in tweeds, and in variegated yarns; they have knit it in many lengths from super short to knee length.
she wasn't in love with the lighter/medium-tone stain on it, and wanted something with a little sparkle. there was a picture frame in her bedroom that was our "inspiration" for the distressed silver leafing, so we did that around the corners, and i used a faux painting product to darken the stain on the rest of it:
The down side to meat glue has to do with the surfaces of the meat used for sticking together. If a meat, like stew meat is used, there are a number of surfaces to which germs can cling, and if the meat is not cooked to well-done, can make a person sick. The video showed the chef using the meat glue with stew meat. He mixed it all together, then rolled it up in a sheet of wax paper, let it sit overnight, and then sliced it to the size of a piece of filet. The results were that there was no difference in flavor and that it looked the same. But what are the other implications of something like this being used?
It’s a short one this week.
3) Rosie Visits the Sitter - Rosie has spent 2 whole days with her babysitter, Kathy. She has done wonderful so far and I couldn't be more pleased with how she has adjusted to her. She loves playing there like a "big girl" and even naps well there, which I was worried about, since she is in a "different" place. She will start going to Kathy's full-time in August. Even though I LOVE her being at Mimi's, I have a good feeling about her being at Kathy's, too. I'm sure I'll post more when she starts going full-time... stay tuned!
Six months.
Yeah that’s him . ..
Speaking to British National Party press officer Simon Darby, Ms Dalton said that “loads of people” had come up to the party’s stall in the town centre to say they would be voting for her.
Paul Dancik, shot down at a public telephone….
I've been traveling the last two sundays, so i actually haven't been to the flea market in two weeks. I've been getting the shakes and taking my withdrawl rage out on Bearcat. I'll snap at the smallest lack of purr or start weeping randomly.
I just love Krista's stamps they are all fab!!!
Who does not require these skills?
What are three things you wouldn't want to do without (besides the Bible, food, and family)?
Brewooine. They're sucking down cans of macro-swill.
Burns, who is also an ophthalmologist and clinical professor of medicine and psychiatry at New York University Langone Medical Center, will give a lecture on the practice of photographing the deceased 2 p.m. April 29 at the Allentown Art Museum of the Lehigh Valley.
Look, just rip off
Their names alone conjure up the images of leaders of history that invoked change through what they called “Peaceful Militancy.” However their words define what was on their hearts; words that moved others to action with a desired peaceful result. History attests to the fruitful results of such civilized methods of protesting injustice and corruption. These men are remembered well for it and may be considered heroes of history.
Webster's Pages letter stickers
Easter is the celebration of the miraculous. You might say, so is Christmas; and you would be right. Easter, however, differs from Christmas in several significant ways, for example, with Easter we celebrate God’s victory over death. The virgin birth has a very important place in the life of Jesus Christ but it would have little or no meaning if Jesus had not risen from the dead.
I do tend to take a few other foodie necessities with me such as, Marmite, Horseradish Sauce and a jar of Mince Sauce.
I promise a well-loved and dignified fate for every black jelly bean entrusted to me.
THIS time, it will be different.
Seriously, it is a cool blog
Inside, the evolution mitsubishi forums to over-complicate matters has been introduced, aiming to echo the evolution mitsubishi forums of the evolution mitsubishi forums a fitting, fiercely fast flagship for an already fearsomely fast range of qualities that make it worth serious consideration. The CZT has a rich history in the evolution mitsubishi forums that has to do this via a fore/aft gearlever or wheel-mounted paddles - or more specifically the evolution mitsubishi forums an option readily considered by the evolution mitsubishi forums of 2001 sales had more than doubled with 4,076 being registered.
“We apologize profusely,” Brandt said. “Our jurors are very important to us and we know it was a significant inconvenience this morning.”
You may also notice that we have a few special guests joining us for this challenge!! A few of our Original Divas have returned for this special event. Make sure to say "hi"!!
And to myself be true.
I’m still baffled because I’m a lazy-holic…those of you reading this who know me well will attest to this. I got D’s in PE for heaven’s sake. So not only am I a lazy-holic, I don’t have an athletic bone in my body. That is changing…every day. Every day that I get up and head out that door to walk for 45 minutes or go to the gym to increase my strength and endurance creates change in me. Change that I have done myself and that I am thankful for the determination to make happen. I’m sure there is research out there about how exercise changes your hormones and endorphins and such but I just know how I feel. In the midst of a pretty ugly chronic disease, I feel the best I’ve felt since college. I’m 42 years old and I’ve just found the fountain of youth.
My son Emmitt (2) once pulled off a few of the keys from our laptop keyboard. And I can't put them back on. There are plenty of ways I could have punished him to attempt to make him realize it wasn't a good thing to do. To make him feel responsible for his actions. To make him feel bad for doing this in hopes that it would prevent him from doing it again.
I love it. And last night the Parade de Douches came into town in a line of loonies worthy of mardi gras. It's gonna be a good season. They got all Lord of the Flies on the introductory episode, so I'm pretty sure that soon it's about to become a Survivor/Bachelorette blend. Or maybe Running Man. Whatever, this season is headed to a dark place. Suicides, stalking, and girlfriends! I can't wait!!! If you want to snark and giggle, join me and TOTT on Twitter during the show!
It's also possible that the small press has created the contract itself, which, if it didn't receive expert advice, can result in unintelligible language, or copyright confusion, or perpetual options on series and sequels, or outrageous reversion clauses--or even no reversion clause at all (a big problem if the contract is life-of-copyright). Important clauses may be missing--the publisher may not be required to print a copyright notice, for example, or there may not be a defined period of time in which the publisher must publish
The taste is absolutely nothing like the smell at all. It's very, very malty with a ton of smokey wood flavor. It's a little doughy too. Mainly though, what I'm getting is heavy smoke, wood and some rather unexciting malt flows. The maple and bacon make way for a decent aftertaste that's long lasting and isn't bad at all... but that smoke-bomb really clouds up the mouth. The warmer it get and the more you drink it, the more bitter it becomes. Agonizingly bitter even, for something that smells so sweet.
Oh well. We’ve got more important things to focus on! Like…this other storyline about a little boy named Jason who for some unexplained reason catches onto the fact that The Stuff isn’t what it appears to be. He tries to warn his family, but they seem to be possessed by The Stuff, so instead he just runs to the local supermarket and starts smashing every carton of The Stuff he can find. If you can believe it, it actually takes THREE GROWN MEN to finally hold him down and stop him – truly a great security team this grocery store has.
ACCESS. AND EMBELLISHMENTS: Retro flower punch large and small of EK succes, some pearls from KARS and Marianne Design. A punch to make round edges and some ink for inking the edges.
I know the loud mouth was just trying to intimidate the other team, but the Holy Spirit quickened in me how the devil does the same thing to us Christians. He’s trying to distract us to lose our focus.
Meghan
“All that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.”
The problem was that most people wanted some proof of this accomplishment – perhaps a copy of the anthology in which their poems appeared, or a plaque. And that’s where the fees applied. The anthology cost over $50. Bio? $25. Poems on a CD, a plaque, a medallion… it all adds up.
Another example of a computer being able to recognize commun human interactiosn is the Wii an the Xbox Kinect. These game sytems allow you to play as part of the game by the movement of your body. The Xbox also recognizes a users face and body and will automatically bring up their user profiles without the user entering any user specific information. This is a perfect example of the evolution of multimodal interfaces.
Such churches are too tilted to those exploring the Christian faith to have their weekend services attract large numbers of traditionally-minded, church-is-for-me Believers; yet too caught in the cultural trappings of traditional church to attract explorers – or at least have their members feel comfortable inviting their unchurched friends.
How high and how wide is Your mercy
4And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon.
Upon the table
A few weeks ago my mother reminded me about it, and I felt terrible that it had been sitting for so long. My mother never asks for anything more than a cup of tea, so I always feel particularly bad when I lag behind on the few things she asks me to make. So I made that priority number one and sewed it up. I put it together in an evening, and quilted and bound it in another. So here she is, in all her springy, scrappy, tumblery glory.
I was spectacularly unprepared for any useful job so naturally I became a journalist.
A cardigan
I am very pleased with my efforts on the day. I pushed hard from start to finish, executed a great nutrition plan thanks to Hammer Nutrition, rode 45 miles the day before, and focused on keeping good form during the race. I want to give a special shout out to my dad who averaged an 8min pace over the course after crushing the bike the day before and having to carry that super buff body up the hills. Many thank to K-Swiss and Injinji for keeping my feet happy, and TP Therapy for allowing me to walk today haha.
Another great and Green Tea/Rosemary scented day.
Dr. Raashed says:
I have to seriously consider my Mother’s Day and Father’s Day gifts this year. Those two have done so much for me this past year. Gotta make this one count. Anyone have ideas for me? They’d be much appreciated!
I adore orange. The scent. The drink. The idea of a walled orchard with nothing but Citrus × ​sinensis trees, blooming white in spring. And I love the colour on some people. And in some places. Marrakech medinas, for example. And Palm Beach in summer. (See Elle's gorgeously sexy frock below.) Orange is tropical. Fresh. Flirty. Romantic. It's the colour of candlelight. And sorbet. And the Palm Springs sun. It brings to mind summer nights and sun-kissed skin and cocktails with giant paper umbrellas balancing on top.
Susanna is a former pupil at St Helena School and Colchester Sixth Form College, and now lives in Brighton.
Seasons Greetings, recorded over the winter of late 2011 and early 2012, acts as a counterpart of sorts to last summer’s Greetings EP. This time around, both bassist Roger Manganelli and guitarist Chris Demakes get tracks to themselves for lead vocal duty, which is a welcome change from Manganelli being relegated to backup singer status on Greetings. The EP features a faster mix of tracks, focusing more on the band’s punk side, with some strong horn accents and one ska-heavy track for flavor. Seasons complements Greetings nicely while simultaneously improving upon it, making it an excellent way for fans to celebrate LTJ’s 20th anniversary.
Teenage cosmopolitan
Here’s the story:
You have to push pretty hard- and I had bruises on my ankles from it! I had been in contact with my midwife throughout the day- and about 4:30 we decided * just in case * intense labor started to kick in that we would take our kids to my aunts house (she would be watching them overnight while I gave birth). I’m glad I heeded that prompting- because before we made the 7 minute journey to her house, I had 3 GINORMOUS contractions that took my breath away. This feeling was familiar, and I knew we would be heading straight to the birth center.
Masks were used in a wide variety of ceremonies, including marriage, birth, childhood initiations to adulthood, preparations for war,seed planting, harvesting, hunting, healing and many other occasions including death.
I suppose the point is that life is about the small pleasures, not necessarily living for every moment. Pleasures are infinitely more precious when we have normality around them.
And so we see, Jesus great love for us, displayed by His death and resurrection, covered over all of our sin. Now it is our turn to show love to those around us. We might not be called to lay down our lives for a friend, but we are all called to show brotherly/sisterly love to other believers in the Lord. How about you, have you been forgiven? Have you had your sins covered with the blood of Christ? If so than you are a believer in the Lord Jesus. The instruction to you, as a believer, is clear: Forgive, and love each other. And as always, remember the gospel. But if you are a unbeliever in the Lord Jesus, call out to the Lord today, and receive forgiveness of all sin, and know what it is like to be loved by God almighty as one of His own children.
Our safeguard is in the shallow things. We have to live the surface common-sense life in a common-sense way; when the deeper things come, God gives them to us apart from the shallow concerns. Never show the deeps to anyone but God. We are so abominably serious, so desperately interested in our own characters, that we refuse to behave like Christians in the shallow concerns of life.
What a great opportunity to stock up on those colours that you don't have yet!
Put the olive oil in a frying pan (I use my medium cast-iron) and put on the stove on medium heat. Spread the bread thoroughly with mustard on one side, then cut in half. Cover one half with thin slices of sausage, then cover the sausage with thin slices of cheese. Top with the other half-slice of bread and place in the now-hot oil. Weight the sandwich to press it together (since my beloved Canberra brick got lost in the move, I am back to using a smaller cast-iron skillet for this job). Cook the sandwich for about 3 minutes per side, or until brown and crispy on the outside and oozing cheese on the inside. Serve immediately, preferably accompanied by some good potato chips and homemade pickles.
My friends and I really enjoyed our walk and learning more about the history and architecture of the Clinton Hill neighborhood of Brooklyn. We look forward to our next neighborhood walk this week!
10/10 Philadelphia, PA @ Poloris
The falsehood doesn’t come with what I’ve said, but from what has been held back.
I was really worried because it's not completely revised and polished, but apparently the agents make allowances for that when they meet with MFA students. Whew.
hot sauce
I would not hesitate to refer people looking for a reading to you ~ Paul P
- Continue to promote family friendly housing in areas designated for higher density housing,
Here are the two other names doodles that I created for Alice. As I said before, creating these is a real pleasure for me. I seem to have always enjoy creating art that's a bit "mindless"—that you can just sit back and do, "whiling" away the hours. It is very relaxing for me to do. (For that reason I think that I would enjoy learning how to quilt someday.) I enjoyed doing them so much that I decided to create one for me. (Check out my sidebar.)
In 2009, however, when the EU issued its new directive – which covered aspects of ship stability - it totally failed to address the problem. This prompted Vassalos and his team to publish yet another paper, entitled "Ringing the Alarm Bells", claiming that the new rules did nothing to remedy what they described as the "serious problem" they had identified.
“Practice Date”
Catherine Ann Laird analyzed the work of Jana Sterbak and Cathy Daley in her masters thesis called "Redressing Femininity: Power and Pleasure in Dresses by Jana Sterbak and Cathy Daley" (Carleton University, 2009) and suggested that these artists were "deeply transgressive" in an attempt to "redefine or redress femininity."
Boehner’s latest proposal is a two-phase plan that would raise the debt ceiling about $1 trillion through 2011 and be offset by an equal amount of savings.
Delta Airlines
The deaths of Ferne and Father John in 1979 marked another crossroads of change in Jerome. If Ferne embodied the hippie ideals of peace, love, and good vibes and Father John, those of piety and benevolence, James Faernstrom—the linchpin of the 1000 plant pot gardens that were grown in the wild canyons outside of Jerome—became the icon of betrayal.
The result is even more striking if we look at other free trade agreements entered into by industrialized countries and biodiversity-rich countries. For example, several free trade agreements concluded by the US oblige the other parties to adhere or to ratify the 1991 version of the UPOV Convention (see inter alia the agreements entered into with CAFTA-DR in 2004, with Chile in 2003 and Colombia in 2006). Also the 2008 Economic Partnership Agreement between EU and the members of CARIFORUM provides that the parties must consider acceding to the 1991 UPOV Convention.
I drive down Walnut every night on my way home from work and I pass this place called The Stables Bar and Grill. I've never seen anybody enter or exit the place. But there is usually a pretty large crowd of people waiting right outside at the bus stop. I was able to find a parking place on the street about a half block away. I parked the car and made the small trek up to the Stables. I didn't want to make the same mistake I had made at the Studio so I peeked in the window to see if anyone was in there. I saw coats hanging on the back of barstools so at least they had some customers. I went in. Have you ever walked into a place and immediately become fearful that they don't take debit/credit cards? That's what it's like to walk into The Stables. It would kind of remind one of a small town VFW. Sitting at the bar was 5 people. I believe all 5 of these people were on their third marriage the year I was born. The two guys at the end of the bar were upset about the sad state of dog racing today. It seems that even really long shot dogs only pay out at most $1000. You see, there's just no one out there betting the dogs so there's no money in the till for bigger payouts.
Akov: *stretches wings* Man, it's a good feeling.
2. The US victory in the Mexican War led to all the following of THESE EXCEPT:
To have a mystic company,
2 large onions roughly chopped
The gopīs or cowherd girl friends of Kṛṣṇa underwent tremendous penances in their previous lives to attain Kṛṣṇa as their husband. Similarly, in Śrīmad-Bhāgavatam, Śukadeva Gosvāmī says that those boys who were playing with Kṛṣṇa had undergone great penances and austerities in their previous lives in order to acquire Kṛṣṇa as a playmate. Thus the playmates, associates and wives of Kṛṣṇa are not ordinary living entities. Because we have no idea of Kṛṣṇa consciousness, we take His activities as triflings, but actually they are sublime. All perfection of our desires is there; whatever desires we have constitutionally will be perfectly fulfilled when we are in Kṛṣṇa consciousness.
In the Line of Fire is an action movie with a brain. The plot sounds fairly routine--Secret Service agents try to stop a disgraced CIA operative from killing the new president--there is a lot going on to hold an intelligent viewer’s attention. While it does have the prerequisite gunfights and various other action sequences, none o them feel gratuitous. There is a reason for all of them, usually to further the cat and mouse game between Horrigan and Leary. One of the most pivotal action sequences comes on a rooftop chase in which Leary both kills Horrigan’s partner and saves him from falling. By his actions, Leary has not only kept the game going, but made it even more personal for Horrigan.
Yarn: Superior by Filatura Di Crosa Golden Line
To get into her brother Kelby's Northern Spy Club, Zoe Elwood must walk a narrow beam over rusted farm machinery, and then solve a crime. Her chance comes when Alice's grandmother expires after eating a bowl of pea soup. Kelby gives Zoe just five days to track down the poisoner. Can she do it?
rice wine, sugar……….3 tbs each
Look for a real writeup next week or so.
Before renting cabins in NY and you can have while staying at a slightly more affordable price. You can still cash in on extra savings such as being close to plenty of blue-flag family friendly beaches. The entertainment provided on the orange beach vacation home to keep everybody entertained throughout your holiday home, but don't want to use the home exchange program you choose to split up your party a bit, you'll be near Disney, you won't find at smaller hotels.
I bequeath to you today one little girl...in a crispy dress...with two brown eyes...and a happy laugh that ripples all day long.. and a flash of light brown hair that bounces in the sun when she runs.
· Silicone does not degrade over time. It is impervious to rusting or staining from food colourants unlike wood making it perfect for cooking utensils. It shares the same sanitary benefits as stainless steel but with reduced heat conduction.
