Meanwhile Modern Family actor Eric Stonestreet quipped: ‘Are Chris brown’s mom and dad CBS and Grammy Brown?’
Okay, I think questions 1 and 2 are pretty self explanatory as to why you should discuss these with your boyfriend. If you feel comfortable around him and that he is an earnest, hard-working, compassionate guy. And he also treats you with the utmost dignity and respect, you should do the same for him and enlighten him about your 3 year old. If you are pregnant with his baby now, you should DEFINITELY tell him about that as well.
Skirt: J.CREW
Over on another side, there’s the political lobby. An equally passionate, deeply confronting approach focussed on vaccine safety, environmental triggers, systemic societal issues, the exposition of shocking instances of abuse and neglect. These guys, in my mind, hold up a mirror for us (whether we want to look or not), and create a lot of very necessary
The artists as a couple that comes to mind with a similar living arrangement is Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera. Married, divorced, and remarried, they had a home with separate areas connected by a covered foot bridge. Of course they lived a revolutionary lifestyle of an open marriage, and Frida was an invalid for her whole life. If you have ever been sick, even with a common flu, you know you don't want anyone sleeping with you.
Yes siree, the folks at the Mouse corporation took the old story and made it new again with a great score. The story is about a young cub who loses his father in a terrible accident. His favorite uncle insinuates that it is the cub’s fault and he should leave the kingdom. But when others in the kingdom come looking for him, the grown-up cub comes home to take his rightful place.
The next 3 jobs are in no particular order and are extra income that I use to 'catch up' on groceries (stock up), buy some new undies, put gas in hubby's car, pay a babysitter so that we can have a date night, go out with other stressed out mommy's, etc.
“(7) Then Jesus said to them again, ‘Most assuredly, I say to you, I am the door of the sheep. (8) All who ever came before Me are thieves and robbers, but the sheep did not hear them. (9) I am the door. If anyone enters by Me, he will be saved, and will go in and out and find pasture. (10) The thief does not come except to steal, and to kill, and to destroy. I have come that they may have life, and that they may have it more abundantly.
It’s my first prompt-response in ages. Here’s my response to Sonia Medeiros’s April-May Writing Challenge. Let me be honest: I didn’t think I’d be able to do it, but there you go. Totally off the top of my head, obviously. I combed through it a couple times, though.
Last year, I experienced several trips to Target in search of the perfect gift for my friends’ new babies. I would walk in, print out their registry, and then stagger around looking for aisle E7. E7? Who thought of this system? After a kind employee pointed me in the right direction my jaw dropped upon reading that my friend wanted some “nipple pads” and “butt paste.” What the hell? Are you trying to kill me with embarrassment? You’re going to get an outfit of my choosing and you’re going to like it! Done.
Skills: Fighting-d10, Notice-d8, Persuasion-d10, Stealth-d8, Taunt-d8
Warmest wishes for the new year and welcome to all, and an especially warm welcome to those of you who are new to this list. There's something in this newsletter for writers, anyone interested in Mexico, Iceland, undercover CIA agents (yeah!) and West Texas.
Me: never…
During their previous term in Chad, the Clermonts’ youngest son, Levi, contracted bacillary dysentery. The family was able to fly out of their village to the capital city of N’djamena, where Levi received medical attention from a private Catholic hospital.
As much as I practiced I could never body lock or do the windmill (most probably for fear of breaking my neck) so basically stuck to my soul girl grooves, but my love of Hip-Hop was always there. Many moons ago on my many travels to the USA and Italy, I was lucky enough meet a whole crew of people who showed me other sides to the genre. Some I’m still in touch with such as artist/designer Paolo ‘Zero-T’ Capezzoli and others, but many have either ‘grown-up’, settled down or just disappeared. As controversial as it was and still is (some are just down right stupid, ugly or disrespectfully placed) Graffiti belongs to Hip-Hop. I could not always understand the message but I do admire good ‘Spraymanship’ or statement tag.
In the next couple weeks, I am hoping to refinish a couple furniture pieces around my home and post some pictures. I also have a few more ideas up my sleeve for projects I would like to tackle.
Mrs. Benson is paying her son 100k to stop dating Sam? Wow…
There seems to be a continuous battle between negative and positive thoughts in your mind. And the truth is that the winner of that battle is a reflection of your current life situation. Whether your situation is amazing, or not very good it is a result of who wins the battle in between your ears.
Put the chillies in a small bowl, cover with boiling water and leave to soak and rehydrate for 10-20 minutes.
Somebody offered me another cup of tea
I did not enjoy this book quite as much as I enjoyed many other Joanna Trollope novels I have read. Perhaps it was because it was partly set in Charleston in South Carolina, and all the other novels have typically English settings with restrained English characters. I thought the author handled the American characters very well and created the atmosphere of the South very well, but, perhaps because I am set in my ways and thought I knew what to expect from Joanna Trollope, I would have preferred another Aga-Saga!
Just a couple more photos to finish off this post. Of course, if you want to see even more, you can always go to my Facebook page. Just remember........enough photos to fill five editions of National Geographic....... Don't say I didn't warn you..........
In the morning, as we packed our car to leave, a goodbye party formed. The families we'd come to know came outside or waved like mad from their balconies. Lucien ran back into the restaurant to tearfully tell his two "girlfriends" there was a hotel next to our apartment in Paris, so they could come to Paris and stay there. (He still talks about those two girls, and has cried himself to sleep several times about no longer being at the Kinderhotel).
When we lie down our body is at rest and balance discontinues. It is when we rise up and move in motion balance takes over. If you are motionless in your thoughts and activities expect a hindrance in balancing the success of your business. The motion of your business includes movement. Movement from one space to the next a constant shift in levels that travel the stairs of success. We are designed to move and within that movement actions take place to thrust us forward. At rest the business is motionless; infusing the business with strategic movements like chess will cause us to win.
his screen name? army dude needs sum.
Expect to see a few more holiday themed posts around here in the next few weeks. I have a bunch of holiday baking to get done this week! First up are a few photos from our evening as we ‘decked our halls’. I even managed to sneak in a ‘self-portrait’ or two.
* Add the light pile. Close the lid.
The most obvious feature of the site is the 11 fossil tree stumps, some of them up to 90 centimetres high. They are preserved in the position in which they once grew. A fallen trunk, about eight metres long, and other smaller fragments of branch and root, have also survived. They are the fossil remains of an extinct type of plant known as a giant clubmoss (Lepidodendron).
“But as we lay on the bed he started rubbing his hands on me and we ended up having sex.
The tour plans to take off later this year with 5 major cities confirmed thus far. The current duo plans to incorporate the late Lisa “Left Eye” Lopes into the performance like Dr. Dre did with Tupac Shakur at Coachella, projecting her image on a big screen and working her vocals into the live performances.
Please let me be ... the other me
* Executive Assistant (who will be the owners “right hand” person).
Let's start with single no. 7, "Lie Dream of a Casino Soul", released 30 years ago, on November 13, 1981 on Kamera. Band line up at the time: Mark E Smith - vocals, Marc Riley - keyboards, Craig Scanlon - guitar, Steve Hanley - bass, Paul Hanley - drums, vocals, Karl Burns - drums. Production: Richard Mazda. Artwork: Savage Pencil. Rating: Classic!
This winter I picked up the Martha Stewart snowflake anywhere punch and used it in a few spots on this layout and then backed the punched snowflakes with patterned paper and cardstock. The largest snowflakes were then accented with Webster's Pages rhinestones.
she's a sunrise....
This recipe is also linked to:
My sweet boy, who I dote on, is quite capable of doing this (resisting training) for months. He has in the past and patience and consistency are called for and will win the day in the end. He might decide to get with the program this week, or it might be months. Time will tell, but I think I know now that this is a likely response from him when training goes to a new level.
On March 3, 2012, the Phoenix Art Museum in Arizona will present The Sea in the Ellman Fashion Design Gallery. This exhibition explores the far-reaching influence of the romance of the sea on fashion design and includes ensembles from the 19th century to the present time, including Emilio Pucci, Emanuel Ungaro and Karl Lagerfeld for Chanel. This exhibit runs until July 15, 2012.
This is stupid for three reasons. The first being that if the Supreme Court overturns one part, they’re probably taking it all out (Scalia’s comment about “you don’t expect us to go through this line by line do you”)…further it would require you to believe that the justices who are voting to overturn the mandate would leave all the economically disastrous parts that a mandate was a necessity to pay for. The second is that Romney has promised to overturn the law in toto and will send that law on the first day in office to Congress, which if passed in the first week of his administration it has the most chance of getting through Congress with little disagreement. The third being that, while the economically stupid issue of covering preexisting conditions needs to go, after another four years of Obama it will NEVER be overturned as no Congressmen, no matter how conservative, will have the guts to take away something that has been around for so long.
“I think I shat my pants, Sid,” he was saying, as Sid pulled him from the car. He was talking funny. A closer inspection revealed part of his mouth was missing, right where his upper lip connected to his lower and Johnny's tongue kept sliding out of his face. ‘I shat myself, Sid,’ but it sounded more like ‘I thaat ma shelfth, Thid.’
These lectures are particularly timely for me, as I am working my way through Dr. Laura Schlessinger’s “Stupid Things Parents Do To Mess Up Their Kids”, and getting some ideas for public policies and laws that would really be pro-child and pro-marriage. That book is my light reading book, and I recommend it. Dr. Laura Schlessinger is hit or miss, but this one is definitely a direct hit. My heavy reading books are “Signature in the Cell” by Dr. Stephen C. Meyer and “Economic Facts and Fallacies” by Dr. Thomas Sowell.
Dr Mohamad Salleh was charged with dishonestly misusing funds amounting to RM9,758,140 through four cheques to partly finance the purchase of two units of One Menerung Condominium in Block B here for the National Meat and Livestock Corporation Sdn Bhd, which he owns with one of his sons.
Protein:39.6g
5) O Women, Where Art Thou? Certainly, something like a feminist intersectional analysis is rarely performed in the boardrooms and cafes of the Los Angeles film industry.
- Crocs (have some pride and do not ever wear these, ever).*
What a Classic!
rolling over and going back to sleep after you hit the snooze button.
I like how the stripes of my jacket match the lines of the boots. In a fit of loose association I will mention how the color palette and vague references of my clothes evoke a motocross-rider-crashing-into-a-tree-and-burning-up-his-bike narrative.
One of the challenges that comes with making changes in your parenting behaviors, manifesting changes in your parenting philosophy in your relationship with your children, is that both of you have ingrained responses or patterns that are firmly rooted in the history of your relationship. There is a decided lack of trust on the child's part, in the parent's ability to behave in a different way, based on their experiences with that parent in similar situations. And, while we cannot and should not expect our children to simply take us at our word that we are trying to change, or have changed, and that we will be more respectful and worthy of their trust in the future, it makes it that much more challenging to change our behaviors when the behavior of our children mirrors the interactions of our past.
So today I had a hankering for something cheesy and Mexican, but since cheesy is off the plan, I opted for an extremely healthy cheese substitute, a recipe I've posted on my blog HERE. With this cheesy substitute, I created a delicious 4-layer dip for one sliced bell pepper, and one sliced cucumber, which just happens to weigh exactly one pound.
Apron: Paper-pieced, Stardust Stickles
to send her all the swords that would defend her
What’s the reason for procreation if we cannot embrace its value to the human race?
We think organizational scientists/consultants will benefit from having a convenient source to consult in the design of organizational change research projects. We provide detailed descriptions of the variables and measures that have been used in previous work, and classify these variables into broad conceptual categories. We believe this classification system, which is also presented in several of the tables in the manuscript, will provide researchers with a clearer interpretation of the various variables that can be used to explain reactions to change. We hope our summary of the 60 years of quantitative research will encourage future change researchers to increase the level of scientific rigor of their projects.
And let the cravings in the corner of my mind
* easy to clean
I’m delighted that she has agreed to this interview.
I pushed her down the bed and spread her legs. My lips left her breast and made its way down further and settled myself in between her thighs. My tongue licked it ferociously and ran through the skin around the opening which left her letting out another groan. It made my stomach turn to knots as I heard her moan. I went in deeper. Just then, I felt a mild pain on my neck and heard a small ‘click’. She had something around my neck. A chain, it was. I sighed and swallowed my pride.
When some Greeks (or Greek-speaking Jews) wished to speak with Jesus, they began by approaching Philip (John 12:20-22).
Here's a preview from track 1:
The next stop on our hop is Jennifer Johnson. She's very talented and I'm sure you'll love what she created! And you'll want to continue on to the end of the hop for a chance to win some blog candy.
The Springfield City Council has five full time aides.
But all they are actually doing is allowing local Boards to bypass the oversight the Virginia Constitution put in place. Localities can still do these things now if they so decide, but they must seek approval from the state legislators. This is a wise check and balance and should not be changed.
If you have found your way here, you are following Erica's 100 Cartridge Blog Hop from mycricutcraftroom.com. Today is day two of the 100 Cartridge Blog Hop! You should have come here from http://mycricutcraftroom.blogspot.com/
Yesterday, after DH called me and told me he was on his way home from work, I put on my favorite pajama dress (If you don’t have a pajama dress, get one. Look for a dress that is so comfortable that you can sleep in it, literally. Then, you can “stay in pajamas” even while you’re dressed — all you have to do is add shoes and brushed hair!) and watched Arrested Development.
Back home the war bells
On a personal note, the warm weather is finally here and Tom and I have decided to start a garden. We spent the last weekend pulling weeds and turning soil. Tom got his first sunburn in over a decade. Oh, the joy of working a night shift for ten years, but I digress.
In many ways, Student X is a model student. She's a sweet girl: bubbly, conscientious, friendly, and hard-working. If I had a whole class full of Student Xs, I would consider myself very lucky -- except for one thing. Student X is a God-awful writer.
The first one (above) was used Multi Step Pears. This set is probably my very favorite one from the release (although they are all my favorites!). I created the card with inspiring from colors of pears.
Teams in bold are not in the “Original 16″. They are the schools I’m adding, based on early reports and a few theories of my own. Are a couple of them a little dubious? Sure. That just makes it more fun.
During the proceeding, the ITC considered the following:
He was tall and thin and carried a black garbage bag onto
A lonely figure, always.
Some body parts SHOULD be floppy
A look at the development of the doctrine of the Trinity (the relationship of the three “persons” of Father, Son and Holy Spirit in one Godhead) shows how orthodox doctrine was determined by factors such as evidence from the Bible and the assumptions inherent in Christian rituals. In terms of evidence from scripture, Christians saw that the idea of the Trinity is found throughout the New Testament. The New Testament describes the God of Israel, whom Jesus called “Father”, Jesus who is the Word made flesh (John 1:14) and the Son who died as a ransom for many (Mark 10:45); and the Spirit who is God’s presence among believers after Jesus’ ascension (Acts 2). In terms of Christian rituals ,the baptismal formula also revealed the threefold character of God, because the Christian was initiated in the name of the Father, Son and the Holy Spirit (Matthew 28:19). Christians were understood to be sealed with the Spirit, which was the cause of holiness in the church.
And I said as much in a comment there. But then I had to ask myself if there really was a place where someone like me could actually follow that advice? You see, I live in Ohio, a place so conservative that a psychiatrist once suggested that I consider accepting my mother’s invitation to live with her in Los Angeles. Obviously, she’s never been to LA. I have, and the two years I lived there were two of the very worst years of my life.
I'm finally breathing somewhat easier today- after weeks of planning, prepping and packing, it's come down to the last few days before I load up the U-Haul and get my stuff to Charleston.
Then today, it happened again. This time I had Abigail with. The boys were playing at their friend Caleb's house. I pushed Abigail in the stroller and pulled a wagon behind me to get groceries. When I went in, all was well with the world. When I came out, it was pouring. I had many friends shopping with me, but my friend Debbie happened to be leaving when I did. She offered to drive me home, but she had a rental (which is really small._ So I had to leave my stroller and borrowed-from-Bri wagon at the grocery store. Who knows when I'll get back for those.
On the flight down to Orlando I finished this one
in chairge of supplies, boot ah couldna fin' him neither."
I got a good dose of strong medicine today for my eyes and my doctor did not even write the prescription. RX-meeting my friends at a local German cafe and laughing so hard, "good" tears came to my eyes. I have noticed myself walking around singing (sometimes too loud for the kids enjoyment) Chumbawumbu's song, "I get knocked down, but I get up again...you're never gonna keep me down" Well my 'soon to be gone friend' (AKA-eye virus) heard me sing quite a few songs to him today as I hoped to knock him down to the point he will not be able to get up again...at least not near my eyes.
Anyway. I have a few reviews in the pipeline, and a few post ideas, so I guess stay tuned for those. Mostly I'm just working a lot (got this promotion at work back in January and still kind of adjusting to it) and writing a bit. Working on a first draft again. That's weird.
As a child I used to hate the texture, I used to think it tasted like straw – it was generally unappealing.
Kelly sent Churchill a scrapbook of city records and documents, as well as notes from a published biography about Jennie, Young Lady Randolph by Rene Kraus, to substantiate his claims. And so when Brooklyn Eagle publisher Frank Schroth had the idea of affixing a plaque to the home, Churchill gave his blessing. His daughter Sarah Churchill was even there for the dedication ceremony on March 26, 1952.
I don’t usually pay much mind to the Golden Globe nominations, but earlier today someone posted a prediction poll. Out of curiosity, I checked it out. Of all the movies nominated, I had seen three. Inception, Despicable Me, and… Burlesque. Yes, Burlesque. Here’s something to vote on: what is worse? A) the fact that I saw Burlesque in the theater, or B) the fact that the Golden Globes nominated it without even the excuse of an adamant sister and the bribe of a few beers?
Touting the importance of teamwork and systems engineering
Excellent piece of scientific history: Scientific American defends Marie Curie—and women scientists—in 1911. http://bit.ly/szbFI4
Mother's Day is next weekend! Are you done with your shopping yet (I'm not!)? In case you aren't, I'm doing a couple gift guides :-)
! Clear understanding as to daily tasks and requirements
a hint of paint (someone somewhere must be decorating)
Luckily, the wife walked out first and confirmed that this was the right place. She was petite, pretty and very flower child, nonchalantly letting her toddler pull aside her loose-fitting shirt to nurse. Her husband followed, filthy, unkempt and exactly the sort of person I imagined would live here. If he’d come out first, I may have not stuck around long enough to find out if I was in the right place.
The prince by him (his counsel craved) was help'd at time of need.
i know i don’t deserve to be hurt over and over again. but is it hard to think and pray that separation is not the answer? people change right. i know they do. they should.
Head to Rocky towards the end of May for Lills mums 50th. Then take Lill on holiday in June
FOR MEANING AND PURPOSE BUT SATANIC SERVANTS
Manuel O. Asitimbay, 36, New York, N.Y.
There was an obstacle course that was too poorly thought out to bother with, and the final contest was the wrestling match between Poppy and the gnome Chownibulus. The match went back and forth with each of them being able to squirm out of the others hold before they were pinned. Finally, winded, Chownibulus conceded the match to the elf.
From RYM
It was a little before 6:00 pm and still blistering hot. There was no wind, and it looked like there was little, to none, all day. The surface of the Gulf was calm and the oily looking emerald green water was only disturbed by a few schools of mullet. The shore, which was about 5 miles to the north, was barely visible in the thick late afternoon haze.
With your food processor or blender running, add the garlic. Turn it off. Add the roasted red pepper and nutritional yeast. Then begin to add the liquid smoke. Start with 1/2 tsp, and add as much as you need to achieve that smoky flavor! I ended up with 1 tsp.
AG: To give a little background, what had been happening was that for many years quantum physics had been giving indications that there are levels of reality other than the material level. How it started happening first was that quantum objects—objects in quantum physics—began to be looked upon as waves of possibility. Now, initially people thought, “Oh, they are just like regular waves.” But very soon it was found out that, no, they are not waves in space and time. They cannot be called waves in space and time at all—they have properties which do not jibe with those of ordinary waves. So they began to be recognized as waves in potential, waves of possibility, and the potential was recognized as transcendent, beyond matter somehow.
No running.
Cover the bowl with a damp (not soaked) kitchen towel and allow to rise in a warm place for at least one hour. It should double in size.
In a nutshell, Ron Paul believes that the bankers are crooked, the Government lies about all things fiscal, the real People of America have been dumped on for decades, and the Federal Administration should be about 10% the size it is. More specifically, he has been proved right about everything from deficit economics and Iraq to QE policies and bank bailouts.
Stay in the dream, feel her touch
“Receive our eternal gratitude for all the support you give us,” it adds.
The Lib Dem has, to his credit, been performing well in the televised debates but Paddmania has yet to show itself. The claim he stands a chance to become mayor is intellectually dishonest and every voter knows it.
“. . . a measles of infrastructure —
If the old saying about hypocrisy is: "You are focused on the bit of sawdust in my eye while you have a plank of wood in your own" then it is true that many of the "Hypocrisy Chasers" are themselves hypocrites.
the sound of cicadas
Unlike Singapore, the United States required foreigners to pass a rigorous English Language Proficiency Test like TOEFL before they can set foot on their soil.
So that’s exactly what he did. What happened to him was incredible – even miraculous. His symptoms disappeared. He thought clearly. He felt better. What’s more, all those cures, potions, and quick fixes, all those drugs, all the medicines – he didn’t need them anymore!
We lost that game 8 to 2. I played short and pitched one inning. As Dad liked to say, “that was one inning too many,” because four of the eight runs walked in. My usual fast pitch, change up, slider combination was a little off. Harold was in the stands that day and for one solid week he gave me the play by play from that game. My sister said, “You had more walks than the church carnival cake walk.” She’s a laugh a minute. Caitlyn’s going away to college soon. Not soon enough if you ask me.
if you are my age you will now have Devo playing in your head. you can thank me later. and yes i deliberately mispelled it because i am going to talk about some of my Works In Progress (wips).
Level 3: Potions Recover 128%.
“How do I know she’d accept that lovable man when he’s presenting himself to her out of context… away from the together, alone, and romantic setting?” The situation left Khrys feeling artificial, like part of an imaginary whole. And when the time came for him to fill the gap made by her absence with something tangible, there was only the illusory.
Matt now has his own tree. Welcome to adulthood, Son.
5:30-- Hair appointment.
D. passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act.
5 x 15ml tablespoons (75g) golden syrup
That said, I do have something of a bias when it comes to this topic. The bias is my belief in the positive role that it can play in teaching students critical thinking skills. In his book, Teaching for Critical Thinking, Stephen Brookfield says that critical thinking is a process that consists of four stages: (1) identifying the assumptions that frame our thinking and determine our actions; (2) checking out the degree to which these assumptions are accurate and valid; (3) looking at our ideas and decisions from multiple perspective; and (4) in light of all this, making informed decisions. And although we may quibble with this four-stage model, I think Brookfield’s definition captures the important elements of critical thinking. It is a skill-set which all educators should try to inculcate.
p49 “The aims of zazen are three: 1) development of the power of concentration (joriki), 2) satori-awakening (kensho-godo), and 3) actualization of the Supreme Way in our daily lives (mujodo no taigen).”
Favorite TV Drama Actress
2 consisting
Even though it feels like Anne Rice had to continue the series because of its immense popularity, Lestat is still as complex as ever and after being a vampire for so long, he struggles as a human. It’s amazing to see him struggle over things that normal humans do every day, like eating and going to the bathroom. Along the way he meets David Talbot, a former member of the supernatural secret society, the Talamasca. Together they discover that the man Lestat switched bodies with has no intention of switching back and they hatch a plot to get Lestat back in his proper body.
The so-called handover is merely a symbolic act that does little to alter the daunting reality on the ground. The only move that could bring real change is the complete withdrawal of the United States.
As I grew up, I followed my dreams and listened to my heart the way she taught me, but her absence left a hollow space inside that I couldn’t fill. I kept these thoughts to myself, turning away when tears filled my eyes and seeking seclusion in the garden when the grief became too much. When I was a little girl, Mum would sing away the nightmares and the terror that they left behind. She kept me safe and her music filled my heart and took away the darkness. As long as love filled my heart, I would be safe, she said. She just never taught me how to fill the hole her
Enter the Hourglass Visionaire Eye Shadow Duo in SUEDE.
The production of this cassette betrayes the pure amateur love for the music by the people at Folktracks (who don't seem in any way related to Folkways), with pre-computer printing and tightly folded, but extensive sleeve notes. From the archives of the International Library of African Music (ILAM) they have compiled 20 songs featuring the mbira, or sanza, or likembe, or thumb piano. The artists in these recordings have been fully credited. And there are some legends among these. Like Zimbabwean mbira legend Simon Mashoko ("Saimoni Mashoko" in the notes - photo on left). For others these recordings are possibly the only ones that were ever made of them.
Hope you all had a good weekend...we are still enjoying ours here. We had a nice long 4 day weekend here. It felt so good to not have to get up at 4:30am to start the day. We didn't do much, watched movies, played games, my daughter and I made some crafts..quality family time. I even got all my cartridges linked up to my gypsy (I've only had it since it first came out)...now I just need to learn how to use it.
"Go on."
-Five years is a lot of time to cover in a romantic comedy, and the film jogs along at a pretty mellow pace. That being said, this pacing didn’t bother me, and I was never bored while watching this film.
3. Set reachable goals.
In Cooper’s project space was Wendy White, much better. Wait no, it was more of that brightly colored trash assemblage everyone is doing today.
out and about. Not at first. It will be a lot to take in.
I enjoy getting to hear the girls' heartbeats so often and it's reassuring to know that if I start contracting again the nurses will catch it. I have this big fear that I'll go into labor again without knowing it. I have to stay on the monitor for about 20-30 minutes and then if the girls are good (i.e. they don't move around too much and mess up the report) then I get to come off. Once that part of the morning is over, I've pretty much got the entire afternoon to myself. I do get visitors from time to time and that's always nice. I'm a pretty tough cookie, but I admit that sometimes it gets lonely here.
Over 1600 underwater surveys across 46 U.S. Pacific islands and atolls were undertaken in the study and combined with data on human population, habitat complexity, reef size and satellite records.
I think that my 500th Sale on Etsy is worthy of a blog giveaway....don't you?? Today has been a fantastic day. Not only did I sell this Chunky Knit Cowl to hit the 500 mark, but I also am discussing a few custom orders with clients, AND submitting some original patterns to a magazine!
“I thought you said he was a psychic.”
“It is stupid.”
Me: Right. Because we eat so much ketchup.
Four years ago, Youngest was only five.
A: I've seen evidence that the return rates on print books are over 70%. If your book is selling poorly on Kindle, what makes you think you'll sell well having two copies, spine out, in a bookstore that will soon go out of business?
14 March
and I consider eternity as another possibility,
Pain on the page but never will you hear an ouch.
But should America step in and give money to poverty-stricken countries? No.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Coat 13 x 9 x 2-inch metal baking pan with nonstick spray. Mix graham cracker crumbs, sugar, and cinnamon in medium bowl. Add melted butter; stir until coated. Transfer crumb mixture to pan. Press evenly onto bottom of pan. Bake until crust is light golden, about 10 minutes. Cool completely on rack.
The last part of this fun game is to tag other blogs I follow and a little bit about each and why:
Kathleen had been in her daughter Claire’s basement for the past month waiting to die. Her body had always been resilient, which was never a problem until she was ready to go and it just wouldn’t let her. She spent her days watching the portable television Claire had brought down for her. She was stowed in a subterranean bedroom that was usually used for storing old pictures and ski equipment. Claire bought a small space heater for her and set it next to the bed, a single tucked into the corner and clothed in her grandson Nate’s old Batman sheets. She felt so cold lately; a thick afghan, crocheted by Kathleen’s mother-in-law, sat at her feet for the chill of March nights. The sunny yellow wallpaper and framed print of a Cape Cod lighthouse couldn’t hide that this was an underground concrete box, an eerily appropriate place to wait out death.
We have to thank our mothers and grandmothers for handing down timeless recipes that to this day, still represent the heart and soul of the good old days. Unfortunately, there doesn’t seem to be as many cooks in the kitchen as was in the good old days. I absolutely love cooking, for me it’s an art, a chance to create. Never does a recipe have to be made the exact same way and neither do we have to eat the same foods over and over. There are so many possibilites that can be created in our own kitchens…why do I need to go out to eat? LOL.
I've had several people contact me about Sassy via the ad I placed on dreamhorse. Most of them ask a few questions, but never respond after I answer them. One sounds interested and we emailed quite a bit, but she has to sell her horse first. And then 3 of the 9 total responses I've gotten have been from scammers! Of course, I figured that out by their response to my response email, and then by their complete lack of response when I asked them for more info and stated that I would not make this sort of transaction solely over the internet and that they must answer my questions and contact me by phone. I just logged into dreamhorse today to see if there is a way to report such scammers and lo and behold, they actually flagged the three messages for me saying that they had other people report them as potential scammers. That's really good of dreamhorse to do that and try to protect their users. It just floors me that there are scammers that try to specialize in the horse for sale world. I guess they are everywhere though...where there is a niche, there will be a scammer. And these scammers have horrible grammar - I'm guessing that they are foreign. These scammers are easy to pick out. It'd be scary to try to deal with a scammer that actually does a better job at hiding it. What are the essential tips to pick out a scammer? There are many, but the most important thing is to never complete a transaction like this solely over the internet. While yes you can get scammed by someone you meet face to face, it is so much less likely and hopefully you can pick that person out as dishonest. Over the internet is difficult though.
Eggs - 2
Stoneyhurst College, which Tolkien visited during the 40s and 50s, when his son John was evacuated there and his other son Michael taught there. "As well as its links to J.R.R Tolkien, other literary figures associated with the college include Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (a former pupil), the poet Fr. Gerard Manley Hopkins (a former member of staff) and contemporary novelist Patrick McGrath":
This necklace comes with a free hello kitty pouch where you can store this necklace in, or use it as storage for your mp3/ipods.
Cogito ergo sum: I think, therefore I am. That is all ye know on earth; And all ye need to know.
So rule out technical difficulties as a reason that Alabama hasn’t contacted the familiar coach of the new Georgia State football program about moving their game from its scheduled date of Saturday, Nov. 20, to Thursday, Nov. 18.
I have gone through many phases. My personality has changed but once. I am still the same person through and through. People who knew me now and knew me then would know what has changed and what hasn’t. Yet the essence of a human being lingers on till the grave. It is what you are born with, it is what you make others feel, it is what can be seen though the a person’s eyes. The reflection of their character.If people fail to perceive the depth in your soul, it is hard for you to expect them to accept the changes that overcomes you. My transition from 17-22 I’ve learned so much about people. Assessed their characters, understood the depth in their eyes, I can tell when their lips curl into a smile or when they are trying to forge one. I know when they are genuine or are just wasting their time. The ice in the eyes,yes I can feel it, coz at some points your soul gives me shudders. The more people we meet, the more we learn. We learn their habits, their behavior, the persiflage in their words, the agony in their hearts. We learn it all. We can decipher the antagonists from the protagonists of our life, its screaming back at you, we just need to listen.
My work on this book reminded once again of an amazing phenomenon I have often experienced when writing. As my writing gains momentum, it as if the book is writing itself! In Woman, the characters took on lives of their own. Sometimes I was excited to just sit at my keyboard and find out what was going to happen. Even though the story was coming to life through my very own fingers, I couldn’t be sure what my characters were going to do until they did it! And I couldn’t anticipate where the day’s writing was going to end up until the end of the session. And when I finally saw that my characters had done all they were going to do for the day – well, then, I sighed.
About that.
Trust.
Brandon Holstein: You lead the FCS in tackles with a school record 184 this past season LJ; can you tell me how you were able to be so effective and efficient in consistently finding and taking down the ball carrier?
tad-vijñānārthaṁ sa gurum evābhigacchet
Conversely, your president vehemently claimed that his only mistake in his sex scandal was to ‘use the same hotel room every time’.
I was not so happy that after the race I had to walk 3/4 of the way round the stadium before getting a bottle of water – and that there was no foil blankets on offer for runners who had been out in the cold for hours on end. I then had to make my way back out across the car park to get my kit before heading back to the stadium. I am not sure why, when the whole stadium is there, that the organisers couldn’t host everything inside the stadium.
Another thing you need to do is to practice all techniques of clear and effective writing at all times. Never beat around the bush. Your readers don’t have time for flowery words that don’t mean anything at all. Get your point across in each sentence you draft. They will be highly grateful for that.
While the strawberry cupcake and strawberry buttercream combination were good together, I thought the frosting made everything a tad too sweet, so I think next time I'll go with a strawberry cream cheese frosting instead. Or maybe even a honey cream cheese frosting. I just love the tang in a nice cream cheese frosting!
Yet I wonder if the Presidency has changed you. Now that you’re in office, it seems you’re only willing to defend certain women. You’re only willing to take a moral stand when you know your liberal supporters will stand behind you.Or maybe he's only taking a moral stand when a powerful media figure spends three days shaming, slandering, and lying about a woman in an apparent attempt to intimidate anyone else who might think of speaking out. Maybe he doesn't have time to call every person who gets insulted by an asshole comedian.
Here is a conclusion from one of the report authors.
The marble pillars adorned with
Bass - Sirone
THE BASIC IDEA:
This is the third in a series of excerpts from our book, Be a Person: the Social Media Operating Manual for Enterprises. The book (itself part of a series for different audiences), is available in paper form at http://bit.ly/OrderBeAPerson - save $5 using Coupon Code 62YTRFCV
40. Books I’m most likely to bring on vacation?
LJ Fort: Man that’s crazy (laughs). I have so many. I’ll have to go with 300.
1007 **D-II/22(B)/1988. “Machiavelli, Religion, and the Rule of Law.” The Law School, Wake Forest University, Winston-Salem, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(1), above, pp. 459-65.)
When you’re feeling rather sad.
So between taking unexpected naps, wiping noses, and trying not to be complete sickies, we actually got some stuff accomplished yesterday. I mentioned earlier that we've finally done something with our screened room. We have carpet down and it's starting to look more like a room. I have huge aspirations of it being more of a Florida room/bonus room so to speak, rather than a screened room. I found cute patio furniture the other day so we went back yesterday to buy it and sold out.....like they had 2 in the morning and by 2pm they both had sold. That is my luck to a tee. So the nice Bed, Bath, and Beyond man checked a few stores for us and then ordered a brand new set for us since he couldn't find one in a box in the county. As much as I wanted to be done with that aspect of the room this weekend, I'm ok with waiting for a brand new set and not a set that has been on display in a store for months.
The blue one holds notes and research.
No! This is not true! God loves us exactly as we are! We are his good creation. We are his image!
Nomination 3: The Rake
When connected to the Internet with your ISP assigns your computer an IP address. Whatever the connection you share with Web sites or software to connect to the Internet is monitored continuously by your computer’s IP address. So when you select any of the software are available, tend to change their computer settings to connect to the Internet. The program handles the computer to use a false IP address, and not real. Therefore, you will be protected forms are defined in the Internet.
Karen is joining in on the fun. She says: When I wear these shoes I feel like I’m one of those people who puts effort into their look.
Me: Not really… What are you planning to do today?
And consider the role of Keeping People from Freaking the Fuck Out:
In one vile rant three years ago he says: “There are political forces in Oslo who want mass subsidised and low cost ‘Islam-blocks’ in Oslo West for ‘better integration’. If this ever becomes the case, most of Oslo will move.”
Prayer- Finances, that I use my time wisely while I am at home, for my fellow staffers as we all get ready to head back in the next couple months, and for the future of our school as we all get ready to be rocked by the Sprit :)
But this book is smartly updated with the current trend of rescuing dogs. The service dog training scenes are believable. Grace's grief for her dad is realistic. I actually expected this book to be kind of silly, considering the talking dog, but in the end I found it sweet and touching.
When life demands, adhere to it.
Remove steaks from pan; shred with two forks. Stir shredded beef and cilantro into pan.
I have never had to set up an AA group’s bank account. I’d made tentative approaches about setting up an account, but the first question was “Do you have a tax ID?” (“No. And we’ve never had to have one to set up an account before”…I answered without anything but apocrypha and hear-say.) My friend uses a local bank and we decided it might be easier and quicker to use her bank which has branches all over the country. I use a credit union with one branch in Corpus Christi, so it isn’t convenient for our Portland group.
if you have never been to creative escape, just let me say this: you should go if you have the chance! it is a scrapbook weekend in arizona put together by bazzill & heidi swapp which includes: technique boutique, trucnk show from all the teachers, classes, night extravaganza, delicious food at aan amazing resort (& yes the massages are well worth every penny) & concluding with inspirational keynote. it always falls the last weekend in august- which is a really bad time for me. august is our busiest months with traveling/shows/teaching/new product releases but i have always gone to creative escape & would not miss it no matter what! when i went to the first one 4 years ago- it was the first time i had taken a scrapbook class! it has helped me realize a couple of things:
On a filmmaking level Winter’s Bone is a pure delight. The casting is rock solid. Jennifer Lawrence carries the lead beautifully and the entire cast of not so familiar faces made me think Granik had some how discovered an acting troupe in the Ozarks. While she did, in fact, find some of the actors involved in an acting group in I believe Arkansas, she found others from Kentucky, Tennessee, and Alabama—those with Southern background that served the film well. Granik also used local people for smaller roles.
Please go elsewhere.
I did a bit of research and decided that a white Vika Amon tabletop paired with Vika Lerberg trestle legs would suit my needs. I could easily personalize it a bit by painting the legs.
As you’ll probably notice right away from the query, the title was changed (as often happens). Ballantine published this book in May 2005. The sequel, ONCE UPON STILETTOS, hit shelves a year later (or should I say hit shelves and then immediately disappeared in non-magical ways because this book has sold very strong).
I’m not a big fan of warm weather, probably because I was born and raised in Florida. When I was a child growing up in Miami, we’d have very little variety between wonderful weather and fabulous weather (except for the occasional cataclysmic hurricane) and it got to be very boring. To this day, I remember the excitement one morning during my 17 years there when we awoke to find a clog of ice in the garden hose and a thin frost on the lawn. It was as close to a snow day as we’d ever get.
And I am totally grateful to have such an open, accepting, and wonderful kid who never does the whole "banish the 'grownups' from my sight" shit.
Here is a crib I made in fimo, it was rather difficult as the fimo kept on bubbling on the larger sections...
It's amazing to me, looking back over what I've already posted here, how much emphasis was paid to what I ate and how little to why. Oh, it was mentioned...but only in passing. The remarkable thing was that I was exhibiting nothing more than frenzied obsession and panic.
A year after graduation, I am left trying to re-learn what proper eating habits are. The knowledge is in there somewhere! My momma taught me right!
Strawberry Banana Almond Smoothie
To where it should have been -
I just want a little peace and quiet and I don’t like the look of leathery, oily, nearly nude bodies blistering in the sun, which is what the beach offers.
Schadenfreude?
A kind of turning point occurred in my early twenties when I was put on a course of alprazolam (brand name Xanex) for about a month. My panic symptoms disappeared. The revelation here was that it was a chemical response in my brain that was causing the panic and eventual illness and exhaustion. I no longer saw the panic as being a big, scary cloud ‘out there’ that would come and take me over regardless of what I did. I finally had a sense of control. At least for a window of time.
Started drinking in McGunnigal’s in Coatbridge a good Celtic pub.
She was born Bessie Wallis Warfield in either June 1895 or 1896 in Pennsylvania. There is speculation that she was born before her parents were married. In any event, her father died shortly after she was born. For the first few years of her life, she was raised in Baltimore, Maryland, in modest circumstances, having to depend on the charity of her wealthy uncle, Solomon Warfield.
i just feel like i'm drowning lately in life.
Maxwell Fuzhou Oyster Cake
Also, for the past 7 months, I have only managed to finish 1 whole anime season. Can you believe it? 1 in 7 months??? Unacceptable. Anyway, I managed to complete Tokyo Magnitude 8.0 earlier this day, and I must say, it’s one of the best shorts out there. Knowing that Bones co-worked on it, I’m sure I wouldn’t be disappointed with it. In fact, it hit me quite hard.
I can imagine if I said to him: I told you NEVER to do that again! He might think: I showed you not to leave me alone with it!
We’re sorry we poke you.
It looks as though the plague has been put behind us. Hubby and I are both rattling a cough as this disease makes its final exit. Now let's hope Ian doesn't come down with it.
Western Conference Semifinals:
However, I still liked the remake. I give it 7.5 skilfully choreographed dance moves out of 10.
We lost our country through skillful propaganda, pressure from abroad (not least from the U.S.A.), unrelenting charges of "oppression" and "racism," and the shrewd assessment by African tyrants that the white man has many Achilles' heels, the most significant of which are his compassion, his belief in the ,"love your neighbor" philosophy -- none of which are part of the Third World's history.
How many babies were buried without autopsies after intervention from haredi fixers even though those babies died shortly after MBP? How many MBP-sickened infants were treated without their cases being reported? How many haredi fixers prevented autopsies or convinced a family to treat their sick child outside the normal medical framework?
Scarborough is a great seaside resort and a haven for families, sun worshippers and people who love amusement arcades!
it is his dream to continue this craft and yet there is no one for him to apprentice to here in this country that we could find.
3) A 24 hour employment walkout where participants refuse to attend work, with the exception of emergency services.
Nathan snapped his attention to me, anger boiling behind his ferocious gaze at the interruption. Katie froze and her eyes widened with the same look I'd seen everyone give scrawny Jeff Boyd when he'd challenged monstrous Kyle Denton to a fight over a girl. Kyle had outweighed him by about a hundred pounds, been held back two grades, and was the first kid in middle school to grow a mustache and a goatee. Things hadn't ended so well for Jeff. I probably should have learned from his lesson, but I was a trained woodland elf who was too angry to be pooping his pants.
I couldn't believe that all our fiction books, plus all my quilting / crafting books didn't even fill up all the shelves! This is so much more efficient, I was able to push the futon back against the window and open up a space on the floor for my yoga mat.
Ireneus
Brenner is now age 60 and he has wrote a book entitled “Wet Goddess.” The book is a man’s 9 month sexual relationship with a dolphin and the HP article says the account “bears a striking degree of resemblance to his own interspecies romance.” Ah ha….I just bet it does! Brenner claims that he began his “relationship” with a dolphin named Dolly way back in 1970 when he was a mere lad in his early 20′s. At that time he was a student at New College of Florida in Sarasota. An unnamed writer hired Brenner to snap photos of dolphins for a children’s book he was writing. This job was at an amusement park in nearby Nokomis. Brenner was given free access to the park and became well known by the staff…..apparently not well known enough however. :O
The activities themselves were not on face value surprising given the nature of the course – completing large puzzles, getting the team through obstacle courses with various constraints around communicating and time for completion etc. However each activity had great originality once you dived in. Our assumptions were constantly being challenged and we were always in a position to challenge the process ourselves. Reviewing the tasks afterwards made us re-evaluate how we could achieve the full potential of the individuals in the team and subsequently the team as a whole. By the end of the course we were planning well, supporting the leaders, giving clear instructions, deputising for increased control of the team and acting three times faster than when we started. All grey areas of responsibility were being filled by everyone without being asked and proactivity was key.
This is getting a bit of a habit for Visteon Corporation. They did the same thing in Italy four years ago and in the UK three years ago. Work was transferred to a part of the world where labour is considerably cheaper.
There are so many pros and not many cons that I guess for me it would have to be prioritizing time between writing, social networking and promotion. As a writer you really need to be able to multi task as well as keep yourself focused. Setting goals for yourself helps keep you on task as well.
For Salsa, mix all ingredients together and taste for seasoning and citrus factor.
The Supreme Court is there for a reason, and it’s not to passively sit by. They are to render judgements when there is no clear direction by the law. That’s why the issue has come through the appellate courts in the first place. This does mean that sometimes they will, in effect, create law by creating precedent rulings. This whole “activist judges argument” quite frankly is pushed by people who do not apparently understand what the role of the judiciary is at its most basic level.
Do you see that little rating there on the corner of the DVD box? It either says G, PG, PG-13, or R? If it says R, don't watch it and then complain about its content.
Finally, stir in tomato paste, marinara and wine. Cover, lower heat and simmer for about 20 minutes.
_____I've decided that I am going to teach my c**k how to cook breakfast since it insist on being up way before me very day anyways
A number of the blogs I read have a "Year in Review" post, just looking back on 2010. I figure I'd take a look back as well.
I got this note from The President… Pass it on. The Daily Show: President Obama Makes History…Again! Cenk on Legalized Bribery – Nuclear Industry Buys Senator Graham Mitt Romney, the “Co-Opt Kid” Obama and Gay Marriage: A President Liberates Himself and the World HUFFINGTON POST: ELECTORAL COUNT DICK LUGAR LOSES HIS SEAT AFTER 36 YEARS OF SERVICE ‘MITT ROMNEY WAS A HIGH SCHOOL BULLY’
Anyways, what i'd like you to do....is recycle something.....use it for crafting. It can be anything you can think of - recycle an old tin, jar or box. Use up your scraps! Use cardboard or bubblewrap...or some old string....anything that you can think of use it up....old sequins, clothes (??!!) go on have a try :)
and tissue samples three times from marshes where the killifish lived: once in early May, before oil from the blown well had arrived; once in late June, when oil had reached the marshes; and again in late August, after oil was no longer visible. They collected samples from six sites, but only one -- in Barataria Bay, Louisiana -- was heavily oiled following the spill...
Fr. John Zuhlsdorf has been providing a fascinating running commentary on a controversy in America: the plan to force Catholic employers to provide free contraception and abortion coverage in employee healthcare plans
01. Down To The River To Pray - Alison Krauss (U.S.A.) / 2:56
Why do I hide it?
Bean curd strips, 2 pcs, soak in water until soft and cut into small strips
CPFC have not only enthused and encouraged youngsters in south east London through the excellent work of its respected youth academy, which has recently produced players like John Bostock and Victor Moses. This work has also had an effect internationally with the achievements at Crystal Palace Baltimore in the USA.
17 A proud look,
Assuming we get a positive initial response, we will then look to organise a project launch, where musicians can meet each other and explore different options for working together.
Well it’s time Bouquet and I start packing for our Hong Kong holiday! We’re only going to be away for 10 days and, on top of that, I’m planning on doing a little bit of clothes shopping over there. I want to save as much space in my suitcase as possible for all my intended purchases, but at the same time I want to be sure I have everything I need, so very careful thought is going to have to go into every item that I pack.
The one bright spot is that the cards are being donated to the Leukemia and Lymphoma society so I'm very happy that I could contribute to that. :)
Sometimes: I go into the store for a handful of things
Bottle up into clean jars while still hot. Bottling while the vinegary syrup is hot negate the need for excessive sterilising of jars.
Shot@Life is a movement to protect children worldwide by providing life-saving vaccines where they are most needed.
Even now she has night terrors and asks every night to make sure no one comes into the home.
I really like the vintage effect ~ I hope you do too!
American Apparel dot Chiffon Oversized button up
~The Maven
handle consuming in a week,
“How to Be a Better Birder” by Derek Lovitch
"No point crying over spilled milk" he says, as he strokes her hair and fills her with his warmth and understanding.
The ability to share our opinions and experiences was once limited to our finite social circles and geographic constraints. There were few people or organizations (really just the mass media companies) who had the facilities to distribute a message on a mass scale. That isn’t the case anymore. Now I can write this blog post and potentially share my views with all of the two billion people on the internet. The fact is, I won’t even come close to that in terms of actual readership, but it doesn’t matter. Now that we have access to a platform of mass distribution we view ourselves as every bit as significant as NBC, The New York Times, or CNN. The Internet is giving the people of the world a skewed perception of power, which has inflated our self importance. As a result, where we once simply appreciate personalized interactions, we now expect (even demand) them. We believe, deep down, that we are privileged to this kind of experience.*** That sociological shift will continue to accelerate as the next generation, who were practically playing Angry Birds in the womb, grow up and take control of the world.
Irony is a fitting suit perfectly cut for Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim to wear and show off on the political catwalk, never mind that each adventure in irony gets to be more bizarre than the next, a feat Anwar has consistently demonstrated since his fall from grace in 1998.
Last night, customers of Champions Online and Star Trek Online got the unwelcome news that their accounts had been hacked. Specifically, customers who had accounts as of December 2010. That’s right-2010. About a year and a half ago, and they only just NOW find out about this. (Or so they claim. I’m willing to believe that they’ve sat on this information for this long, too-that’s how low my trust in Cryptic is these days.)
Fold in the walnuts and pumpkin seeds.
Well, let me tell you. Don't listen to nurses :) Just kidding. My sister in law is a great nurse. But as it happens one particular nurse told me 4 weeks ago not to take an psuedophed for my head cold. . . which a week later was a sinus infection. . . which also became an ear infection . . . so I called the nurse back and she told me to take psuedophed! It's been a fun 3 weeks of sickness around here and another week of frantically putting the house back together and getting ready for Easter. But I'm back! This is what I was working on all last week:
Leonard Cohen: Live in London - give it some time. It'll grow on you. Leonard Cohen's about 130 years old by now, and still delivers a concert that is graceful, lovely, and touched with moments of real feeling, both in the songs, and between him and his audience.
Hat - Cricut Wrap it Up cartridge
Cooking lager is certainly cheap, but the worst that can be said of it is that it’s bland. There is nothing wrong with it. If you prefer making yourself rich and not brewers and publicans you drink whatever is both decent and cheap, and steer clear of the sting.
Will the disappointing GDP print be seen as making the glass half full or half empty? The market may see a weakening GDP number as clearing the way for more QE and take the market higher as a result. The bulls have the advantage of yesterday’s momentum and end of the quarter window dressing which may provide bulls a tailwind.
Suspicious of the strange occurrences, Johnny investigates to find that alien enemies are feeding humans to their Queen on a nearby planet.
1 incorporates
the letter writing books are her favorite these days.
God bless all of you on this and every other day too!
Of Shakespearean age of gold.
I was looking a bit around today, in search of a wig for the next doll I'd like to get. (But first the doll will come XD)
But seriously... this faux fur scarf is ah-mazing! My secret santa (aka my younger sis) bought it for me, and it adds the right amount of fanciness to every outfit ;) What accessory adds fanciness to your outfits??
longest journey on record.
But toe popping?
To be honest I didn't really understand the concept until just recently and I'm still just learning. But you can now follow me on Pinterest - it's easy to do, just click the button on the right side of the page and it will take you there.
Choosing to visit from early spring through the dominos bismarck north dakota of September with weekly Saturday races. They run Pure Stock, Sprint cars, Street Stock and Modifieds. They host several special events such as low-cost housing, alternative energy development, and infrastructure construction not only sustainable but profitable for the dominos bismarck north dakota of Development Organizations have all put their support behind the dominos bismarck north dakota that larger cities are clamoring for a long period of time, you will definitely want to make their crops grow, and this is true; however there are currently more than $1,000 each month to invest, save, and pay off other debts.
Eddy Bulter is here to investigate the November floods on behalf of Nick Griffin. He had been hoping to visit both Crummock Water and the Thirlmere Reservoir this morning but it looks as though many of the Fell roads are blocked by snow.
By why was McClellan looking for a new job in the first place? In 1908, he was not long for the mayor's office. Like blessed as Tammany Hall golden boys, McClellan got a conscious in his second term, hiring many non-Tammany employees and rooting out a mountain of Tammany related corruption in civic offices. This turncoat did not please new Tammany boss Charlie Murphy, no it didn't. In 1909, Tammany put up their new contestant, the colorful William J. Gaynor. (Incidentally, he also beat William Randolph Hearst, in his second and final unsuccessful run at the office.)
Marv’s suit had turned into a dark blue polo shirt and tan slacks, a style more like what he’d worn when he was alive. A maroon logo, Rainaire Industries, decorated the left side of the shirt.
Read more »
‘True Loves 2′ is a better read than the first volume. The character interactions are cozy and cute. Keiko, Herb’s new Japanese girlfriend, is perhaps the best addition. Her presence seems to balance out the scenes (she particularly saves Herb’s character from being a ‘aimless druggo friend’ stereotype). By this point the reader has warmed to True and her best friend Eliza – at times they could appear quite callous when together in the first volume. True improves slightly, however it is the secondary characters who are always more likeable in this short series.
Final verdict 3/5
The team had their very first meeting. While the discussion was on going, they were suddenly attacked by armed and masked men breaking the window and firing at them. Hang Ah was quick to react and even led the entire group. What was Jae Ha doing while the ruckus abounds? His very first instinct was to save himself and not care about other people. Shoot! He’s such a useless coward! Aigoo. Though it was fun to see him freak out when the Commanding Officer just woke up after. Everything was just a set up. It was part of the training everyone has to go through. Part of it was recalling the incident and learning from it. However our Prince does not want anything to do with it and just hands it all to them. What a jerk!
And then it all came crashing down.
4. You pull into someone's driveway. Four large German Shepards come to your car. They are barking, but not in a "I'm going to tear your jugular out" kind of way. What do you do?
you have made
In the view of the Court, Google could be said to be ‘storing data’ because it was holding it in its servers’ memory. However, to benefit from the hosting defence the defendant’s activity must be ‘ “of a mere technical, automatic and passive nature”, which implies that that service provider “has neither knowledge of nor control over the information which is transmitted or stored”.’ The ECJ described such a role as ‘neutral’ and not ‘an active role’. The Court has left it to the national court to determine if Google AdWords fits this description but relevant points include: ‘the role played by Google in the drafting of the commercial message which accompanies the advertising link or in the establishment or selection of keywords’ – the terms of the contract between Google and advertisers would help determine this. Perhaps there is a reference here to Google's Keyword Tool, which advertisers can use to choose keywords? If so, the Keyword Tool could be said to play a role that is both ‘active’ and ‘neutral’ in the sense that it is automated!
We played for an hour and a half - and just for the record I won by one point (9 to Joyce's 8 and Bob got 1) - and then decided to start our season the way we meant to go on, which meant retiring to my house for a G&T and Twiglets. Definitely a great start.
Last night Laina, Grandma and I attended this wonderful play put on by the Fredericksburg Theater Company. This was the first time we’ve attended a play here, and what a way to be introduced to this amazing Theater Company!
Here's a picture of a woman dancing with fire outside Notre Dame. There's your dose of Paris porn until I can devote some more time to this thing.
Our Constitution does not permit the federal government to detain American citizens indefinitely without charge or trial. I strongly believe in protecting the country’s security and equipping our Armed Forces with the tools they need to defeat our enemies. But the American people cannot support measures that, in the name of security, violate our constitutional rights.
A third category of recent story is that of the environment. This past winter simply wasn’t. We had little snow or cold. For folks living here, in northern Vermont, winter is part of identity. We complain endlessly about the long, harsh, winter season, yet can’t imagine life without it. All winter people talk about wishing the temperatures were more Florida like. This year they were, and Vermonters got scared. Many also began to talk about a sense of loss, and the prospect of greater loss to come as the planet warms. The unmatched warmth of early spring dramatically ended the maple sugaring season. The recent cold has likely destroyed the apple, and other fruit, crops. The vineyards will probably not produce this season. These are deep personal and economic losses that impact all of us. They are also disabling of the farm and wine-making communities.
5: Cook the beer and mince mixture for about 5 mins until some of the beer volume has reduced.
But then what cut do I want? Do I want diamonds on the side? A different colour stone? A bejewelled band? Engraved? Just what?
Do not believe what you yourself have ‘imagined’,
In the first half of the first millennium, the Kashmir region became an important center of Hinduism and later of Buddhism; later still, in the ninth century, Kashmir Shaivism arose. In 1349, Shah Mir became the first Muslim ruler of Kashmir and inaugurated the Salatin-i-Kashmir or Swati dynasty. For the next five centuries, Muslim monarchs ruled Kashmir, including the Mughals, who ruled from 1526 until 1751, then the Afghan Durrani Empire that ruled from 1747 until 1820. That year, the Sikhs under Ranjit Singh, annexed Kashmir. In 1846, upon the purchase of the region from the British under the Treaty of Amritsar, the Dogras—under Gulab Singh—became the new rulers. Dogra Rule, under the paramountcy (or tutelage) of the British Crown, lasted until 1947, when the former princely state became a disputed territory, now administered by three countries: India, Pakistan, and the People’s Republic of China.
Interestingly, no one knows the circumstances surrounding IV's licensing deals - to date, most every license is shrouded in mystery (Intuit's SEC filing stated that the company "entered into an agreement to license certain technology" for past and future licensing rights. The filing did not disclose the technology, the IP or the licensor.) Worse still, IV operates using a multitude of shell companies, making it difficult to track ownership of the patents.
Thank YOU! I guess I just needed to realize that I have to trust God, no matter how unfair something may seem. It’s in spite of the trials, we always have God’s promise that the trials and tests that we go through are for our good (Romans 8:28, Hebrews 12:2, 2 Corinthians 4:17, James 1:2). We learn that it is through trust that our relationship with God strengthens and our love for Him grows.
Speaking of Batman, one of his arch nemesis or ex-girl friends (depending on which storyline you believe) had a solo production in “Catwoman” with the scorching Halle Berry playing the . But as hot as Halle was, the critics and audiences gave it the cold shoulder and it flopped back in 2004.
Over the years, I had my fun supergluing my glasses together, or using twist-ties, or at one point literally tying them to my head. You see, when your eyesight is as bad as mine and you finally realize what it’s like to see, you can’t just wait for a new pair. You order the new pair, and while you wait, you make do with what you have, even if ‘what you have’ is only the frontspiece, considering your younger brother jumped on your head and managed to shatter the hinges and one arm.
Sometimes we growled. We let the dangerous world outside look after itself; it had died, it had fallen out into space. Only Mummy and I were left.
when you close your eyes to sleep tonight,
7-9pm, The Golden Hind, Milton Road.
a wonderful mother you have. The beast scares the bejesus out of me. It’s time to
Looking at the filings: 2007
As long as he feels loved I will fight for him against all odds and in defiance of criticism
Agree?
Every time you wash the dishes, also take a moment to sweep the kitchen floor.
No loss. No gain. All in all a pretty poor few months weight loss wise. Not being well didn't help but at the end of the day they're just excuses. If I put my mind to it I can lose weight. So let's hope April brings better weight loss results. I am sure it will. This spring like weather does make you think about ordering clothes, holidays etc and I still have the Race for Life to run in May. I will, of course, post pictures to document the mess I look at the end.
Would you believe this is a service for 8?
6 - Johnny Wright - Hello Vietnam - 3:10
10. The Hawaiian alphabet has only 12 letters.
Get to know her and find some common ground.
You lived a good life.
In the story, a recent widower is left an old house by his dead aunt. He and his brother visit, with the main character deciding to stay for a week. While he is there, he is haunted by the same aunt who left him the house, as well as a host of others. The woman who showed him the house and took care of the paperwork happens to be a ringer for his dead wife, who he has yet to really let go.
This time, I want to introduce you about the new Roller Pen with beautiful artwork.
This was one of those golden days…a day we took just because…We’ve been able to enjoy a few of these kinds of days lately…thanks to our new homeschooling journey…
The Olympia concert was also the first one where David played "Fat Old Sun" instead of "Dominoes" (and he was totally on fire during the final electric solo!).
Their Lordships do hereby give notice thereof to all Flag Officers, Captains, Commanders, Lieutenants, Masters'-Mates, and Midshipmen, and require and direct them strictly to conform thereto. The said alterations being to take effect generally on the 12th August 1812; but such Officers of the Royal Navy as may have occasion before that period to make up new uniforms, are at liberty to have them made up according to the new patterns.
The stamps are all CTMH. I used Pair-A-Phrase for the bike and It's Your Day for the sentiments. The pennants were cut using CTMH Art Philosophy Cricut cartridge on papers from the Stella package. The bike was colored with Copic markers E33, E35, E47, W5, W7 and BG72. I used ink pads in CTMH Olive and Momento Rich Cocoa. In order to make sure the "happy" really stood out, I stamped with Olive ink on Olive paper and then highlighted the letters with a white gel pen. White waxy flaxy tied the pennants together (although I cheated and only tied two small knots on the end ones. No use wasting it when it wasn't going to show!)
2 colleagues
Life and work
Anyway, give these tracks a listen and hit up the band for a copy before they are gone...I understand that they are down to their final copies and I don't think they plan on repressing this monster of a 7", so act fast if you like what you hear. .
Looking to the base of the mountains in the distance, I saw snow and we decided to try driving to the park at the foot of the mountains and just see what happened.
Combine all the ingredients together stir and enjoy!
It's weird that in the midst of all the craziness and planning my wedding with Steve how much it has made me miss Jeremy. Not because I'm not excited or because I'm not in a good place, but because he has always been the person I share everything with and I have been desperately aching to just share the ins and outs of life with him, the way I always used to. But, I recognize the irony in that and know that both of those things - my life circumstance and sharing it with Jer - could never happen at the same time.
An initiative by residents and NGOs to protect Bukit Gasing, one of the last remaining green space in Kuala Lumpur/Petaling Jaya; Malaysia.
I did manage to get a bit of colouring done though - will try and get some cards finished soon.
- Bobby Bare, Jr. (Rockin' singer songwriter type)
As hungry as I currently am, I wouldn’t risk allowing the monster clawing at me to take what it wants as soon as it has located a single weakness in my carefully controlled façade.
“Not only must we be good, but we must also be good for something.” (Henry David Thoreau)
After breakfast, and a swim, I took him to my room, showered him and put him to bed. I think neither of us had the strength to turn our encounter into anything sexual; it would have ruined the perfect night. And to be honest, at that point, I was terrified and wanted him out of my life ASAP. (I told you, I had serious Love and Commitment issues.) After a brief goodbye, I left for Bangkok with only his full name.
6 Tortured Smiles 6:17
that he should not go after other gods: but he kept not that which the
This is a picture I found on the internet of one of the booths.
so people can show off things they've created.
Rosanna
As I don’t have to list the materials I’ve used, happily that has all been done that for me, I thought it might be helpful if instead I give you a step-by-step on how the card has been made.
Seen and heard from many people and friends around me in England (2008 – ongoing)
2. It is modify not to human foes. But if you possess one, abstain him. Because his poisonous lingua is the stem reason of your feature agitations. Bed friendship with fill with honest feelings.
Netflix has a customer base that is has been the envy of every company; staunchly loyal and fiercely evangelist; and many would have followed the company to the ends of the rental earth. But large numbers are now seeing a very different kind of red. And somehow I don’t think Mr. Swasey’s words are going to placate them.
IYC 2012 aims at giving the cooperative sector and governments a chance to:
WHY: As I mentioned above, my inspiration was action art, hence the title above (yes, it really IS called “i spit up colors and prettythings”- an artistic “throwing up” of sorts), but my initial muses were pieces of eclectic, ultra modern, visually far out art I saw while on vacay on Royal Caribbean’s Oasis of the Seas. There are over 9,800 awesome artworks on that titanic (bad choice of words, I know, but prayerfuly meaningless) ship, most of which were comissioned especially for Oasis. So, in between boogie boarding, island stops, near 24 hour belly-stuffing, seeing dudes in kilts & drinking shots, I viewed the wonders of post-post modern art! Love the simplicity, but at once fresh in your face-ness of this type of art. Thanks, muses!…….and BoozeMan (our dinner drink waiter), thank you, too.
2. I'm Walking (Domino, Bartholomew) 2:48
Knocking politely on my sternum
Merv
Perhaps it is just normal for us parents to be attached to our kids especially if they have special needs. We tend to be protective, doting , always running to their side to the point of being extreme, forgetting they are children who need space and yearn lots of play and adventure. And at times I am guilty on some counts. I fear that if Red plays with other kids , he will get hurt simply because he cannot be understood. He is so hyperactive and might hurt other kids without him knowing what that means. Some parents still do not understand that and I cannot explain in detail about my son’s condition every time. It is an endless cycle that my kids and I had gotten tired of.
I am wearing... A blue top and black pants
America as a nation has many problems and yet what other country in the world can attest to the fact that people or dying to be here? There is a dream in their heart to be a part of this great nation and to live in the land of good and plenty as a member of one body. So why do we keep the line of separation as a constant reminder? The hyphenation, which line that separates all races and the word American.
I'm writing this from a public terminal in the lobby of a hotel in Vaughan, Ontario. I have a Unix laptop and high speed Internet access in my room but up there I have no respite from the distant whir of traffic on the 401. So, regrettably, I am here in the lobby, needlessly subjecting myself to WindowsXP and elevator jazz.
Infrastructure services such as the law, or roads, railways, coast guards, central banks and so on do not in themselves produce wealth. Their purpose is to provide a structure that enables the wealth producing and social mechanisms in society to operate more efficiently. Thus our road system improves the efficiency of movement of goods and people, and links individuals and groups. Our central bank looks after the flow of money. Essentially these types of activity tend to be natural monopolies and owned by the state.
The wonderful Design Divas have created some awesome samples
PT KAL, from Austindo Nustantara Jaya Group, is currently clearing forests in West Kalimantan to make way for a palm oil plantation.
She said "how much weight have you lost?"
First of all, if you do not know what a POP3 is, here is a brief introduction. Basically, POP3 stands for (Post Office Protocol 3) which is currently the most common e-mail server/client protocol. Your e-mails are held by the server, and your client accesses it at intervals in order to synchronize the e-mails on the server. In older days, e-mails were deleted immediately from the server the moment it was downloaded to the client, but with some programming on the mailserver, the emails can be retained on the server. Thanks to GMail, they give us several options to choose from for the purpose.
Don’t make that same mistake. Christ died for your sins and as He is the only Saviour, His shed blood is the only payment. That blood is applied to you only by grace through faith. Don’t let your pride keep you from having Him as your personal Saviour.
I see this mostly in how I deal with close family such as my husband, siblings or children.
- James Dashner, author of The Maze Runner and The 13th Reality series
On the government:
An extraordinary, near-mind blowing tale of graft and greed out of El Paso left this reader's jaw adrop. (The story by Zahira Torres is also an early frontrunner for Understated Headline of the Year: "New Beginnings anti-truancy program failed to deliver on promises to EPISD," El Paso Times, April 28.) Despite the bland headline, with every unfolding paragraph it's clear this is a much more insidious tale involving not just failed policy but a grotesquely deformed, insular and graft-driven juvenile justice system.
I decided not to touch the tar baby: I closed the conversation.*
PEI Mussels & Manila Clams with Yukon Gold Potatoes, Bacon, Herbs
I'm mainly a sucker for sweet stuff!! My question for you today
We are never deceived; we deceive ourselves. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I think that Vegenaise is probably one of the best vegan foods around that allow one to enjoy many classic comfort foods. Unfortunately, it is both expensive and high in calories in fat.
While the new case and the DDDB suit cover much of the same ground, the latter also points to the ESDC's failure to respond to an expert's report that it was unrealistic to build the AY housing in a decade and the belated acknowledgment, only in documents released September 17, that affordable housing subsidies were required to build the promised affordable housing.
This hijab is made from a chiffon like material and is very large is both width and dimension, the light and airy fabric is not slippery which is a great bonus as you can wear it with or without a underscarf and its material allows you to volumise it quite easily should you not choose to wear a flower clip. Its striking in detail and very easy to drape.I really liked the detail on the flowers.
First, I met up with Solvi who blogs at delfinelise and Kristen from Kristenmakes. Kristen and I both live in Edinburgh and Solvi and Anders came over from Sweden. We had such a lovely time!! We went to W. Anderson's & Sons the amazing vintage store in Edinburgh:
I want to go home. I look at my wife, she’s windswept, shivering in the cold, we’re both hungry and cold, and would very much like to get out of this rain and wind right now, even if it meant missing the show. We dig deep and think warm thoughts. It’s 4:30pm.
I think the fact that we were keeping up a pretty fast pace is what initially did me in. We usually are in complete darkness when we get to a certain part of the walk that is almost 1/2 way through and it was not completely dark when we hit that place.
As I searched my mind our pre-Christmas conversation came back to me dear lady. Tony Onley did his large bit for the business of art but his real gift to us had little to do with taxes. It was his creative spirit, his soul-stirring love for painting that stirred people up. He started a fire not just in threatening to burn his art but fanned the flame in people’s hearts and minds to value and buy paintings. The selling of art is not just like selling widgets or TVs.
Kathy Cabe Trundle, TheOhioStateUniversity,USA.
Deeper into the building, light became replaced by the eye-crushing sensation of watching atoms move by their own infinitesimal radiation. The walls swum with nauseating waves of static matter that made him feel as if he was reeling to the sway of a boat. When he came to the staircase down which Rissad's footprints led, Rel almost rolled down it.
suddenly we decided to commit to each other & the feeling - LOVE doesn't required any reason ~
As part of cosmetic car repairs Smart Attack are pleased to offer mobile alloy refurbishment Manchester. For a quick summary of this process it includes removing the wheels and placing the vehicle on stands, followed by braking the bead of the tyre and repairing the damaged areas, then re-finishing the wheel by painting it with which ever colour you desire.
I'm doomed forever to read whatever Kiersten White puts out there in the marketplace because I love her voice that much. But it's even worse than that. I want you to be doomed with me.
I hear this all the time from friends, coworkers and acquaintances when they find themselves free enough to allow a little introspection. Maybe their marriage falls apart, or they lose their job, or they just have a simple epiphany and wonder "what the hell am I doing with my life?" But when I talk to them and ask them what their dreams are or what their hearts tell them to do, they often come back with a reason or justification why they can't pursue their dream. A typical response might be:
Ranger Creek Brewing and Distilling
Coming from an area that has tree galore into a dessert climate, I didn’t expect to find such an amazing love. But these trees are so grand and beautiful. The pictures don’t seem to fully capture their magic, but they at least give me something to remember those majestic sycamores.
July 23 - Amy Winehouse, jazz/soul singer ("Rehab"), 27
"Push, push, push."
Plus there is the fear the players will get bored: enraged by Hodgson’s meticulous methods, his actual-coaching, our gilded striplings will snarl and sulk and pine for the card table.
10. Burn Notice - Its a show about a fired (burned) spy named Micheal. He gets dumped in Miami and has nothing they call his ex girlfriend Fiona who is a bit trigger happy and his friend Sam who is retired and informs for the FBI. His mom also lives in Miami, but Micheal is not fond of his family. Another great show :D
Happy Father's Day Daddy.
Last week I went on a date night with Odin. I try to do this every so often with each of the boys. Odin loves to visit Whole Foods and "the samples"...so we did that. Then we cruised around the plaza and did a little bit of everything there.
Perhaps only the late Tony Wilson knows why Factory asked the band, already at Strawberry Studios, Stockport in March 1980 to re-record Love Will Tear Us Apart, to also record a new version of their already-a-classic She's Lost Control. The story goes that it was intended to launch the band in the US dance clubs, and while we'll never know if it would have worked due to intervening events, it did give the world a new, fresh interpretation of the track. And the story also goes that Martin Hannett used this track to audition some new production techniques he'd been working on.
We moved out in a week 6 years ago when we found out that you went back to the Philippines. We LEFT you and yet, you still act like nothing has happened. You actually gloated this year that even after 9 years of constant cheating mum hadn't divorced you. She was still your 'wife'. You still keep on trying to suck all of us back in. You still manage it and I'm tired of playing your games. We left that house over 6 years ago and you still come around every weekend.
man could adapt to the changes and follow his plan;
The case for active management
The medical examiner determined that Allen died of a heart attack, with a contributing factor of cocaine toxicity.
Outside the cars are beeping,
xoxo to you all!
Anna is different. I like to imagine her meeting Giovanni at a masked ball. The two have an immediate feeling, maybe also an intellectual one. Mozart and Da Ponte do not describe Anna as a transparent woman. The words, the music are full of misunderstandings, agilities I see as emotional weeknesses, unexpressed uneasiness in the attitude she has to play, as a noble woman, towards a fiancé who does exist, and whom she probably loved a lot until she met Don Giovanni. But Giovanni is the passion, the woman’s mental perversion – which is what a fiancé will never represent.
The pattern of the rest of our stay on Koh Samui was much the same. We chilled out most of the time by the pool and went on the occasional shopping trip to a very large Tesco a few kilometres away to stock up on provisions. Mum had brought lots of crafty things with her and spent time with the boys being creative, and practising their reading. We all suffered a bit with the heat, Grampy especially, but fortunately we had air con and the pool of course.
“God protected so many people here that day,” said Miller. On Sunday afternoon, 24-year-old Matthew Murray shot and killed Stephanie Works, 18, and sister Rachel, 16, at the parking lot of New Life Church in Colorado Springs. Twelve hours earlier, the gunman killed Tiffany Johnson, 26, and Philip Crouse, 24, at Youth With a Mission training center in Arvada Police in Colorado Springs believe the gunman intended to gun down many more victims at the megachurch before he was shot down by Jeanne Assam, a volunteer security guard, just as he entered the church building. He was carrying an assault rifle, two handguns and as many as 1,000 rounds of ammunition. An autopsy confirmed that the gunman died of a self-inflicted wound.
#1 – Right after I graduated college I spent close to 3 years working as a 1:1 teacher/therapist at a school for children with autism. Since I never really knew what I would face at work I typically wore comfortable clothes that I could move around in and it wouldn’t be a big deal if they got dirty. I was never grungy or anything, just comfortable. But every once in a while I wanted to dress a little nicer. On one of those days I decided to wear this cute little gray skirt that had a layer of crinoline underneath that hung below the hemline of the top fabric a few inches with a black tank-top. Nothing too fancy, but nicer than what I normally wore.
I’ve always eyed James Joyce warily. You see, stream of consciousness and I do not get on at all. Well, okay, we got on fine in the film adaptation of A Single Man, but for the most part, I find the technique pompous and pretentious. I’m happy to work hard to dig deeper into the text, but when breaking ground takes an unusual amount of exertion, I’m a little miffed. (All of this, by the way, comes from my encounter with Faulkner in high school. Please feel free to recommend me something that will prove me wrong.) So the very concept of Ulysses puts me off, but luckily, I didn’t have to read Ulysses for my Irish Literature class—I just had to read Dubliners.
Today, the market gapped down at the open and traded down to SPX 1368 before it started to stabilize. The six day rally, from SPX 1359 to 1415, was nearly totally retraced in just three trading days. The bias, as long as the rallies remain under 10 SPX points, remains to the downside. The market has taken the most probable OEW direction: an Intermediate wave C down. We’ll cover this, and more, in the weekend update. Best to your weekend!
This change in female roles in fiction may be the result of social changes in history that determine women’s social role. In this way, art imitates life. However, a novel can also be said to be an image of what is possible, and in this way can serve as an example for further social progress to be built upon. Since literature is so powerful, it should be examined for how it instructs or creates an example.
Think heavily on this point. Judge men from what they think of help. Judge women too and find the good ones from the bad.
USP: Their lead singer’s notoriety on the celebrity scene has brought them the closest act on the list to crossing over into the mainstream. Their second album got to #6 in the Billboard 200, so you could argue they have crossed over already. They’re clearly striking a chord with listeners, and while the US charts are usually a ‘lowest common denominator’ yardstick, She & Him scaling the heights in charts usually filled with Rihanna’s tiresome, attention-starved, idiotic nymphomaniac act is a joyous moment indeed for purveyors of ‘proper music’. #hipsterrant
This substitution rule holds true for plated menus. If you want to serve surf and turf, change the filet and lobster tail for a skirt steak and shrimps on a skewer.
I posted every day, most days at :01 CST, and posts were kept short & wildly entertaining (oops, change that "w" to an "m"). Pre-writing and scheduling was KEY, and using a theme helped me keep individual posts brief because I looked at A to Z as one giant post broken into 26 bite-sized pieces.
To create your own-
The cruelty underlying the appeal of this act makes it closer to gladiatorial spectacle in conception than to vaudeville. The Cherry Sisters were so awful it was like a car wreck. The difference between them and Fred Allen , who’d billed himself as “The World’s Worst Juggler”, was a complete lack of self awareness. There were five Cherry Sisters: Effie, Addie, Ella, Jessie and Lizzie. Singers without charm or wit, they stood there, sang off key, and were under the mistaken impression that they were actually quite good. [“It would not be too far off the mark, “ wrote one of them,” to say we were one of the best.”]
Looking forward to seeing you all this weekend!
What freaks you out? (My list is very long).
08. Feathers 3:53
Thank you so much for stopping by. Have a brilliant day!
I remember being surrounded and then the name calling started. “Hey iceberg (play on my last name). Bob wants to fight you. What are you going to do?” I can’t say word for word, but that was the gist. Bob was one of the big kids for 8 years old. He was tough looking and not someone I wanted to mess with. I can still picture him in my head. The kids kept squeezing in on me. I didn’t want to fight and said so.
Here are my thoughts:
So the sewer is now cleaning up her sewing room, thinking to herself "Ok, it's not so bad, I'll just get this up and--huh? What's that smell?" A-ha! Now she has found kitty's makeshift emergency potty which consists of fabric scraps and the carpet. So now on top of a messy sewing room, it now reeks of cat urine. If you're not familiar with cat urine it's kinda like the toxic gas weapons they use in wars. It's not easily removed.
I cried inside for him
The last time I had an ultrasound was eight years ago. The doctor then told me to go off and lose a bit of weight like a good girl and not to be worrying about having babies til I was old and married. I didn't go back to him. I went home and cried instead, and two years and some internet research later, got a referral to an endocrinologist from my GP. The first doctor was a gynaecologist, and the kind of man no right-thinking woman would let near her vagina under non-medical circumstances. The endocrinologist was a woman in her mid thirties who had a much better understanding of why a single woman in her early twenties would be working to make sure that she'd have some chance of having babies, should she happen to meet the man of her dreams one wet Wednesday night in Whelans. We've a good relationship, and I trust her. She manages to be positive and realistic all at once. I see her every six months or so and I leave her office feeling encouraged. Or I did. Last week, I left it feeling sad. We went over my latest blood results and then, for the first time, we had to talk about how it's not happening. Not that it won't ever happen, because it very might, but it hasn't so far and (given the enthusiastic effort Andrew and I have been putting in) it probably should have. There are a few things she’d like me to try before we talk seriously about IVF, which is why I ended up almost wetting myself last Friday morning. She talked me through what she’s proposing (clomifene and crossed fingers) and then asked me how I was. “I know the hardest part for me when we were having difficulties conceiving” she said “was everyone bloody else”.
Oh Take the underground to Notting Hill gate and then …
44.Blank stare. If you have stopped listening to someone and have let your thoughts take you away, it will show as a blank stare, indicating you are no longer listening. If you feel yourself drifting away, at least try to keep your face animated in an attempt to indicate you are still listening.
Sponsor is Crafts and Me
Very well laid out to view.
It's cold here in Dallas and I just don't do well in cold weather (my hats off to those of you who live in really cold climates!). So, in order to make it a little more tolerable, I chose this lovely album of Hawaiian music. Ah, if only to be relaxing on a white sandy beach in Hawaii, listening to the roar of the waves, watching the surfers and sipping on a cold drink while someone plays the ukelele nearby... sigh. See? I feel warmer already!
► 2009 (43)
Where does your inspiration usually come from?
Ask The Dice by Ed Lynskey
On the same table as above, I placed an 8" x 10" piece of cardstock on which I had painted a leafless tree trunk. I had three colors of green ink for guests to ink up their finger or thumb, stamp it somewhere on the tree and sign it. I printed "Baby Grisham, a special addition to our family tree", matted it and placed it near the bottom of the tree. This will be framed to hang in the nursery for a memento of the shower. The only photo I took of this is below but maybe you can get an idea from this. It really is cute when filled with "leaf" fingerprints.
On a recent interview with Fox News Channel’s Martha MacCallum, Hunter said, “it makes me look bad too when unemployment is sliding … it makes the Republican Congress, the president and the Democratic Senate - anybody who is an elected representative and in charge look bad. I don’t think it goes one way.”
Prep work that morning: Cook rice.
Thats all you need to do, so take a look at these fab prize, leave your name with Mr Linky and the draw will be held in 2 weeks.
It was time to go downstairs as he slid the V-Neck back over his head and adjusted the fit on his shoulders to accentuate their maximum width. Mike loved V-Necks because a shirt collar touching his carotid artery and Adam’s apple felt like breathing into a plastic sandwich bag. While his constant need to tug and pull at the fabric around his neck usually ruined shirts in about 3 wears.
The defense is being mounted inside Zion to ward off the oncoming hordes of machines. This consists of lots of guns, and giant cumbersome human-operated walkers to also shoot machines. This begins a stupidly contrived “battle” that consists of little more than CGI fakery. The first film showed that the human’s only weapon was an EMP to destroy all circuitry. Where did all the guns come from then? And if they already have beam and energy weaponry, why are they using projectile weapons?!?! This strategy of this effort is even more stupid as the humans are hopelessly outnumbered. But for some reason the machines never pour in more infantry and these idiots in suits are able to last far longer than they actually should. This mindless conflict goes on for far too long, eventually culminating in the arrival of the sip containing Morpheus and Niobe. They make it inside the gates and trigger an EMP to render the army useless. WHY DIDN’T THEY DO THAT IN THE FIRST PLACE??? In fact, why not ATTACK THE MACHINES BEFORE THEY ATTACK YOU WITH A GIANT EMP??? Then again we are talking about the people who face impending doom with techno raves…
The costs were not terrible, since I would be shopping for food anyway. Vegetarian and local food is only a little bit more expensive than “regular” food, so the costs were not unbearable.
We bought a pump to boost the water pressure at the house and on the farm. Not sure how well it will work but got a good deal on it. Bought a pressure tank to go with it and I have gone online a few times to study up on this stuff. We will see how it works. I dug up where the pipe comes in from the well that is a half mile away. It is right were an old water well used to be so I took the rusted metal cover off and ran a string with a rock tied on it down the hole. I figured it would be a deep hole so worked to untangle at least a hundred feet of string for this task. It went down six feet and that’s it. This well is forty of fifty years old and had run dry long ago so was closed up. I wonder now about the possibility of clearing the old hole out and perhaps going deeper to find water that’s close to the house.
And then disaster struck. Shortly after passing the 5 mile mark, I started taking a few GU chews. Not only was the particular flavor awful( it was strawberry, but tasted more like dark cherry, which I hate) but the cold temperature(in the mid 20’s) made them harder to chew. This process through off quite a bit of my focus and I started losing time. I tried to regain my focus, but struggled. It didn’t help that my pre-race stomach problems came back-I almost threw up the GU chews!!!!
I love how she used burlap, but I already had a fall wreath so I thought I would go the Christmas route instead. I didn't know until I looked at Hobby Lobby that they have different colors of burlap, I love this red!
When we spoke to people about both the YFJ demonstration and the TUSC electoral challenge the conversation took a turn, it significantly changed their outlook and many said they would come along on Wednesday. The Labour Party has already hung itself which is evident by the outlook by many people who rightfully so no difference between Labour and the other main parties. Instead of offering them more rope we should pull the noose shut, refuse to offer them any support. It is important now that we support candidates of the left and where there are not any agate for abstentions and the urgent need to build an alternative
When my boys were little, I used to think that they would suddenly (over night, inexplicably, when my back was turned) change. They would spend weeks growing wider or getting a little chunky and then all of a sudden they would sprout two inches, as if they had been coiling energy for a great leap into the air. They still do so occasionally. I will look away for a moment and the next thing I know my 8yo has freckles and is shedding a single tear as the dentist drills into his molar and the 5yo is using his knife and fork to eat lasagna almost grown up like (he saved the best bite for last tonight, just like I like to do.)
as you sit
I'm on a massive downswing this month, so i decided to stop playing online poker for the rest of March, I'm just gonna rail high stakes/nosebleed cash games.
She's growing on me. My baby boy will always be my baby boy, but Luna is a part of our family now and she's growing on Samson as well.
You could win a case of underWAY
“The first case successfully challenged the ‘English Only’ law that required individuals to speak only English when engaged in government business, such as at the DMV or in court. In the second case, NARF and the ACLU of Alaska sued the State of Alaska for violation of the Voting Rights Act by failing to provide language assistance to thousands of Alaska’s Yup’ik-speaking voters. Following a preliminary injunction, a comprehensive agreement was reached which includes translation and interpretation assistance for all Yup’ik speaking voters throughout the registration and voting process.”
The other mandatory feature in all of these dorm rooms were the schmaltzy posters hung on the rather institutional walls. There were two posters which seemed to be on nearly every freshman girl’s dormitory wall. The first had a kitten on it, clinging to a span of clothesline with the words “Hang in there, baby!” in jaunty letters somewhere on the image. The second poster would have some saccharin sweet image of a mountain sunset or a horse and foal, with the words “If you love something set it free, if comes back to you, blah blah blah” (I’ve finally managed to forget the exact quote, so “blah, blah, blah” is kind of nice for me). As for clues, these posters told me next to nothing. The kitten poster was there because the girl liked kittens or because she needed an emotional boost to help her get through those tricky freshman courses for Elementary Ed majors. The “If you love something, set it free..” poster may have been there for any number of reasons. It could reflect a deep, philosophical stance on love’s fleeting nature, or a taste for sunsets and horses with the sappy quote as a mere afterthought.
And that made me think about legacy: what we leave behind. I wonder if the robin left anything behind, or was his life and death intended to remind me – specifically – about the ticking clock and in some way remind a reader of this blog - yes, you – about things left undone?
Going to the fridge: When Mommy goes into the refrigerator, she will make sure to get everything out as quickly as she can. The timer starts when she opens the door, that's when you and your brother bum-rush Mommy to knock her out of the way so that you may partake of the goodness that is the fridge. Get what you can. Mommy will try and close the doors, while your assignment is to climb up both the door shelves and fridge shelves. Flick the light on and off 17 times...minimum. Squeal with delight every time the light comes on.
363Such if there be, who loves so long, so well;
If you decide to follow The Fall on tour, I would recommend you purchase a quality piece of luggage that can withstand such an arduous journey. The Briggs & Riley Transcend 21.5-inch carry-on model (TD-U521X) is durable, has a lifetime warranty and gives you enough room for your clothes, iPod, laptop and external speakers. Whenever you decide it’s appropriate to finally have The Fall Experience, be sure to give yourself enough time to do it right. One week is not nearly enough—like an excursion to any faraway country, you’ll need extra days to just get acclimatized to the new sonic landscape. Anything written about The Fall should at least have a brief mention of their biggest supporter, the deceased legendary British radio DJ and Fall fanatic, John Peel. John was playing songs from one of The Fall’s new releases at the time on his show, and afterwards simply said, “They are always different, they are always the same.” This is still a perfect description for a band that continues to defy classification. Don’t hesitate to bring your Granny, along with her bongos—not only will she enjoy The Fall’s music, but she might even wind up playing onstage. Have a safe trip.
The townsfolk's hearts, that well nigh all to Friar Lawrence run
What will you change, aspire, rework or renew before it's too late?
02 Dec – Gender and Youth Network, Hanover Park
Tea - Cheese, potatoe and oatmeal vege pie with salad. Tim took one look at this and announced that he needed something with it....! Urrr there's a war on you know!!! He hooked a mariners pie from the freezer - this is only day one!
Stars, twinkling smiles, any flash can switch us
Even more amazing was the small “ceremony” that was held after the service where balloons were released in her honor. All of the balloons floated away together with the exception of one balloon that floated off on its own in the other direction. It was purple. Ali’s favorite color. Think what you will, but I know it was her.
But Woolf, of course, must rouse herself from the upholstery of male fellowship and trudge her way back to the women’s college. And the dinner that awaits her there casts a pall. Set on obtuse china, the fare is dull and muddy – insipid soup, yellowed vegetables, dry beef and biscuits. The final insult is the pudding:
The movie John Carter is based on the book A Princess of Mars by Edgar Rice Burroughs, first of the Barsoom books. The first part of the book appeared in serialization in 1912, a hundred years ago. We now know that there isn't enough air to breathe on Mars, and nobody could go nearly bare-chested, like John Carter, in the Martian temperatures. But people didn't know that for sure back then.
“And to all this she must yet add something more substantial in the improvement of her mind by extensive reading.” (Caroline Bingley had described a woman who could sing well, who walked with grace, and who spoke with elegance. I did none of those. I was a gangly seventh grader, but I was a READER. Mr. Darcy recognized my great advantage.)
No one will ever understand why I fell hard for him until I relate our love story, not until I share what made me fall for him and what were the simple things that he had done that made so much impact to me. After all, I have only myself as witness to all those sweet nothings that brought me a whole bliss.
I've finally started on my journey for real. I started the first chapter in my OU studies. Well, I say first; it's actually the third chapter in the book. There's a reaosn for my madness; the first two chapters are for the first assignment so I'm doing those closer to the due date and doing others first.
So I back up to the core lesson before that. And it seems I've got that one pretty well down. So i think I've gotten to the point where retaining these lessons requires a little more practice. And I've found I have to look words up more often to make sure I'm understanding them correctly. But so far, so good.
The idea was to shut down the city and have people stay home from work and school, not shop or bank, “a shutdown the likes of which NYC has never seen”. But NYC, with all its typical ability to deal with the odd and strange, continued on in its normal fashion. All bridges and tunnels remained open. Most people went on as before, and somehow, capitalism survived.
Candy and I were two of the short-listed authors up for the Branford Boase award this week. It's an incredibly prestigious shortlist to be on, honouring debut authors writing for young people and the editors who gave them their chance. Neither Candy nor I won - congratulations to Jason Wallace and Charlie Sheppard who won for Out of Shadows, an extraordinary book about Zimbabwe in the 1980s, which has rightly been recognised already as winner of the Costa Children's Book of the Year, and (judging by the piles I saw on sale at the airport in Amsterdam) has already made the leap to become a crossover title which adults can enjoy just as much as younger readers. The powerful narrative and moral questions raised in Jason's book stay with you long after you've finished it.
and she was the fastest play-doh creation "creator" that I had ever seen!
One of the most powerful messages about mindfulness for people with ADHD that came up during the radio show is that there are no rules, there is no right way to do it. The key to developing a mindfulness practice is being aware of what’s happening around you, to experience the present without judgement.
Throughout the book she is ‘Mrs Bridge’. “Her first name was India – she was never able to get used to it. It seemed to her that her parents must have been thinking of someone else when they named her. Or were they hoping for another sort of daughter?” So, Mrs Bridge it is, and this is as good a shorthand as any to sum up her personality and life: timid, stunted, any explorations into thought and unconventional behaviour quickly snuffed out by fear, or a sense of propriety, at least to begin with. “Appearances were an abiding concern of Mrs Bridge.”
Creating:What wold happen if he and homer met.
This reminded me that earlier this year, dreaming of the Inner Circle from my Outer Circle Perch, I had written a little IC-style parody about the rise and fall of Herman Cain, based on the classic tune by The Band, "The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down."
Sheep: baa baa
Serving others is a crucial part to our receiving true joy from God and to our corporate worship. Obeying Jesus Christ’s call to serve mankind over self is a core truth we must grasp if we want to become the true worshipers that God intended us to be. Christ himself came to serve us, so why should we not also serve as He commands (Mark 10:45; Gal. 5:13; 1 Peter 4:10)? Remember our (the bride’s) submission to the Bridegroom of heaven means we both serve Him as well as mimic, or imitate, Him. We can do this when we allow Christ to make His Spirit dominant within us (John 3:30; Ephesians 6:7) and when we follow His model of self sacrifice, which was to lay aside His heavenly throne to become human, live a human life, and die a sinner’s death so that we could be restored to God as holy and righteous (2 Corinthians 13:4; Philippians 2:6-8). Faith in Jehovah and submission to Jesus comes first, then obeying Christ by being united as one body (the church) and serving each other (the members of that body) comes second. So, what’s third? You!
FCR's statement
Me: Because there is a rummage sale next door
This may be the worst picture EVER (Oh, Aidan and that big head!), but I wanted you all to see how big her belly is.... I feel so sorry her. And the heat index was 104 today. Aidan even said when we got home the first time. "Isn't her belly just gonna pop?!" If he only knew what was really going to happen, how donkey no. 5 was going to enter this world. Maybe it's time to have that "birds and bees" talk. Or that donkey and donkey talk?! WTH am I talking about... I have no idea.
67. Down River John Hart
fox dreams is a project from Yay Words! Poets were invited to submit short form poetry and artwork about foxes and/or dreams to celebrate the Inari Matsuri festival. Each poet who submitted was guaranteed at least one poem into the collection.
So why do we worry about such silly things as
don't see you.
You show me love that sets me free
I feel as if my life is at a standstill. There are no more exams, essays, or projects. There are no more car battles for the closest parking space on campus, running from class to class, or studying. I am no longer an undergraduate.
I stand and look at myself in the locker room mirror before I head out and face the run that lays ahead of me. I battle with the instinct to pick apart every imperfection I have. A run is something I always enjoy - it has become a healthy release, and a way to try and reclaim a healthy version of the body that carried 6 kids.
I will give this a 2 out 5 on my grading list.
Turns out, a guy named Robert Weidmann in Berlin has an excellent collection of Super 8 packaging and promotional material. Robby's Super 8 features hundreds of scans of German movie art, oftentimes bizarre and hilarious. I don't know if Super 8 was especially popular in Germany, or Rob is just a fanatic - either way, it was very entertaining perusing through his collection.
“Reproving betimes with sharpness, when moved upon by the Holy Ghost; and then showing forth afterwards an increase of love toward him whom thou hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy.”20
Adolf Hitler, the Nazi Dictator and the chief perpetrator of the Holocaust, was born on April 20th, 1889 (a black day that year) in Austria. Hitler didn’t do well in school and while his father dreamed of his becoming a government employee, he wanted to be an artist. He tried getting into the Vienna Academy of Fine Arts, but the selectors out there weren’t much impressed by his drawings. They did suggest that he could try becoming an architect (his architectural drawings were indeed better than the other stuff he did.) Unfortunately, his qualifications fell short of what was required for studying architecture.
Easter is a time of joy
(2) SPENCER DOCK DEVELOPMENT CO LTD
6 oz blue cheese, crumbled
A dozen agents dressed from head to toe in cocoa brown battlegear swarmed from the sky machine like a swarm of bees. In no time at all they had Dr Nishidi and her henchwomen surrounded.
3) A lot of new blogs being approved are immediately in violation of the TOS in various ways as well. That's kind of a head scratcher to me. I'm guessing they feel the more blogs they add to their network the possibility of more revenue is enhanced should these new blogs elect to pay to advertise or become sponsors for a fee. I'm not faulting them for wanting to make money by any means and I'm just taking a shot in the dark on their reasoning for not enforcing their well-worded TOS. Without communication a person can only surmise what their reasoning is for not enforcing it.
Considering everything we hear about the decline in the number of men and women embracing the challenge of priesthood and religious life, is the idea of praying for vocations an exercise in futility? We can reasonably suggest that the Church no longer has anything to offer a younger person who might wish to respond to a call to consecrated life. Some might even look with mild suspicion upon those who offer themselves as a candidate, relegating them to the category of backward-looking religious cranks rather than the counter-cultural figures that they are. We would worry about a young person in responding to that call to religious life that they will have to bear the baggage of the Catholic Church as we find it today – its politics, its hardened heart, its damaged credibility due to exploitation at the hands of some of its clergy, its creaking irrelevance to the lives of the mainstream - none of this can be overlooked. And it is true – a response to a call to commit one’s life to God is to accept that Catholic community with its flawed beauty just as the individual would wish to be accepted as a complex person with faults as well as gifts.
from the middle of the Summer.
I'm Loving my new found pastel shades =) i don't know whether they're in .. but i'm going to be rocking them this summer/autumn.
Heat the wine and kirsch together until they start to steam but do not let it boil. Turn down the heat just a little bit, then add a small handful of cheese and stir until melted. Keep adding cheese and stirring until it's incorporated until all your cheese is gone. If you add a hunk of cheese at one time, you will have a hunk of cheese and the liquid alcohol and it will be very hard to incorporate properly (although it is possible to do so if you make a mistake, but it takes patience and a really good whisk). Once your cheese is fully incorporated and smooth, add nutmeg and pepper to taste.
a draught ‘cause
Yum! Make some now!
FACTOID: Scott tried to keep the use of CGI to a minimum using it mostly in the space travel sequences. Whenever possible, he used practical effects which brought costs down and gave the actors something more concrete to work with.
So, a quick breakdown...
Today we’ll be leaving our hotel in Stone Town and heading up to a beach up north for two nights but first we go on a spice tour. With its diverse spice and fruit plantations, Zanzibar became a center for spice trade in the 1800s (and also unfortunately, East Africa’s main slave trading port.)
As Money explained last summer, these "server farms" and "data centers" can each use up to "a small city's worth of electricity" – and most of that electricity goes toward "cranking up the air conditioning to make sure the computers don't literally melt themselves into slag."
Order one med. order of nuggets, one large order of fries and 2 small drinks.
We're all grown up. Yet every single one of us has done something, or reacted to a situation because of a childhood experience. And not just any experience, a childhood "trauma."
“Not unlike Hitler’s later nazification programs for German Youth, exemplified in the Hitlerjugend, the Young Turks now launched a program of nationalist indoctrination an paramilitary training for Turkish youth.” (The Burning Tigris, Pg 163).
"When my ancestors went from the Middle Ages to the Renaissance, they blew up the place, so that's what we are doing." He also said...
A Day at the Beach with it's bright colors and fun elements is perfect for scrapping all your summertime fun! The kit comes with 2 alphas, 62 papers and 177 elements. And that's not all we've made quick pages, page borders, titles, cluster frames, and stacked papers! These add-ons to the kit will surely make scrapping your summer memories fun and easy!
A few seconds later a woman pulled on her arm and forced Addison to open her eyes. She was glaring at her to move so she and another woman could sit down. Darien was sitting in Christian’s spot on the couch and the girls wanted to sit there so they could sit next to Christian when he came back.
No Dancing
So this is an average girl talk. The moment you hear that a certain friend of yours decided to take a short vacation with her guy by driving all the way to Goa and spend some days there, your mind starts its devious work. You start to assume that they will spend nights and nights having turbulent sex, instead of actually enjoying the place. You ask your friend when she gets back, about her trip and when she tells you about it, you smirk unknowingly thinking about the amount of sex they might have had. You attest her as a sex addict who is just trying to cover her deeds up by telling false stories. Why do you do that?
So although it was possible that nobody had looked closely enough to notice such language skills in horses before, or that Hans was some kind of prodigy, it might be something simpler. Maybe his handler was subtly signalling for the horse to tap the requisite number of times, and all the horse was doing was following simple instructions. It wouldn’t necessarily have been noticed if this was the case – people probably weren’t paying much attention to the guy just hanging around with the wonder-steed. Maybe it was all just a cruel and cynical hoax, to win the hearts and loose change of gullible audiences.
When my mother and I went yesterday morning we decided to take a look around to see some of the new things at The Forks, mainly the Canadian Museum For Human Rights in the picture below. The Museum is still currently under construction and a lot has been said about it's amazing architecture. All the other photos below are just cool things that we love about The Forks or new attractions that we've never seen before.
SEATTLE — Puppy Putt 10 – a motorcycle poker run to benefit charity – will be June 16 at locations around Puget Sound.
Seems a pity that a section couldn't have been removed intact and displayed on a wall of the club, or given to the Brooklyn Historical Society.
In the museum was a restaurant which took street kids in and taught them how to cook and gave them the skills needed to help themselves, the food we ate was nice (not up to Chinese standard yet) but it felt good to be paying a little more and being able to help these kids in a positive way.
Boldly they rode and well,
First, I was in the preparatory seminary—a high school for boys considering the priesthood—not a full-blown seminary, WHIP. (I stopped considering the priesthood when it dawned on me that I could still wear dresses, fuck boys, and live in a big house filled with Catholic kitsch without becoming a priest.)
Finally, she put her Journalism degree to use and started writing and hasn’t stopped since. She has studied fiction writing at various conferences, and from numerous writing coaches.
25ml Cointreau (I've also used Grand Marnier, no one said anything)
Combine the broccoli, bell pepper, pea pods or asaparagus, carrot and green onions in a large bowl.
Adding to that was the fact that Lido had traced his keen eye along the secret door's edge and noted a large heavy rope net was hung on the ceiling covering entranceway for about ten feet square. He had pointed to it, and the others had nodded. It seemed that they needed more options to consider, and so they all took to thinking.
5. His concern over stars magnifies His concern over His people
I was working in my studio yesterday, (a.k.a Bridgehead coffee shop) drawing whomever sat at the table in front of me. A gentleman sat down beside me and soon was peaking over at what I was doing.
Once past that border crossing, we shot along the Top of the World Highway and quickly covered the next 65 miles... it felt like we were in a jet! We opened the windows so some of the dust would be sucked out. Although I doubt this really got rid of much dust, the fresh air was wonderful.
We all know about the problems that the publishing industry is experiencing currently, and about Internet trolls giving our books horrible reviews on Amazon and elsewhere, sometimes in order to promote their own. We know about the brave Oscar-losers' face we sometimes have to adopt when we experience the opposite of Schadenfreude at our writer friends' successes.
This month I'm presenting another lp courtesy of a listener, in this case Dave (AKA Jukebox, AKA cathaven) who kindly recorded his vinyl copy of this rarity and sent it my way.
Participants are chosen on the basis of their application. Deadline for applications is 27 April 2012.
- Down to Browns Water Hole
Blackpool has three piers, each with shops and amusement arcades, and the area between the north and south piers is known as the ‘Golden Mile’, In the 19th century, small-time fairground operators, fortune-tellers, and café-owners set up their businesses along the seafront, and today the area still contains a plethora of amusement arcades, bingo stalls, souvenir shops and the inevitable fish and chip cafes, not forgetting the fortune-tellers either.
I found a long wooden bowl at Goodwill ($2!) and stuffed them with moss. I carefully laid the rocks on top. Ahhhh...spring!
Red Tail in Devens and Butter Brook in Westford have been built since Shaker Hills opened in 1991 and have certainly lured some players away. But very few courses, if any, are doing lights-out business.
Dr Rachel Aldred and Dr Kat Jungnickel (University of East London): Discussing and debating the project’s key findings
Happy Birthday Sweetheart! :)
And with this last syllable still hanging in the air, I whisk away for a hot shower. My terrible night's sleep combined with this brutal congestion leaves me barely functional.
Anyway, we’re told that the church is mired in corruption, and the pope, Innocent VIII, is dying. Naturally, this is setting off a little succession crisis behind the Vatican walls.
This is the laptop I crocheted for his netbook. It has a 10" screen and I thought this came out really well, even better than the one I made for myself months ago. Maybe I should start making more of these? I used half cotton and half acrylic for this. First in a cream and white mix, then in a blue and white mix.
I hope you all have a great rest of the week and I'll talk to you soon.
So who did this classification? One of the earlier Vyasas. Who were they? Please see the list from Devi Bhagavatham reproduced below. Below that you can find some of my thoughts and conclusions, which I think are important.
Tangle her in pretty lies and break her fragile wings.
Fixtures: Iris, Litecontrol, Lithonia Lighting and Alkco
Black switched to hardcore and Evil Activities took over the arena. Classics and new tracks pounded through the speakers and it was nice to hear some tracks that I haven’t heared in years. The crowd had been waiting for hardcore and they finally got it. After his livemix, Neophyte & Panic took over the decks, crazy as always, a record in one hand and a beer in the other.
ME: Well, they probably all left because you pissed them off.
Makes enough for two - on tacos or as garnish or for a small serving of chips - Double accordingly
Please stop by Randi's blog to read her thoughts on this scripture. I know that Randi has endured four bouts with cancer and must remain vigilant about the possible return of that heinous disease. And yet she keeps her heart and mind on God's promises and a zest for living each day to the fullest. One of Randi's most charming qualities is her sense of humor. I agree... a cheerful heart IS good medicine! Keeping a positive attitude and sense of humor is far better than wallowing in worry and despair. I believe this is only possible if you have the peace that passes all understanding in Christ Jesus... with that peace, you can let go and let God lead you, knowing that He is always there and always cares and will keep His promises to us!
Smells Like Happiness
In other words, put areas with a lot more detail next to areas with a lot less detail.
You observe that in China “there is now a new Christian identity that is distinctively Chinese.” What do you mean?
Lastly, they go all mavericky in the back of your throat and literally start swabbing back there like it's one of those silver scratch off lottery tickets, until you start to gag and they realize that you just might throw up on them. You then start coughing as tears automatically well up in your eyes and through the watery haze you see the doctor pull the stick out, look at you with sad eyes, shake their head, and then say, "Oooh, we didn't quite get it... we'll have to do it one more time."
The only thought that was going through my head was "Not this time, It's way before Midnight, we're going this time and I'm getting me some flipping pancakes". Just as we were about to leave my cell rang. It was Sigma, he wanted to hang out but he was still at the very until the next ferry came in since he works in Manhattan (10:30 boat). Figuring we could still go to Ihop after we took a trip to the island side terminal to get him I told him we pick him up. Then he told me not to forget his woman either (Sita). After getting her we started to head to the ferry, however about half way there she got a text. He had missed the boat, and since it was the weekend the next ferry wouldn't ship off until 11:30. It takes about 25 minutes for it to cross over. By the time he would get island side Ihop would once again be closed.
Beardsworth said Cuban agents at times also “fooled with” the Havana homes of Coast Guard officers who’d “poked their nose into areas the Cubans considered were not appropriate.” He gave no details, but U.S. diplomats in Cuba have complained of obvious burglaries in which food or worse was left on tables so that the occupants would know that someone had been inside.
We stayed for a couple of days, just relaxing and playing and eating. Such a fun experience that we all look forward to every year! All of our daily distractions disappear and we really focus on our time together... and it really doesn't get much better than that!
Dataran Merdeka will be closed to the public for the next 48 hours from 6am tomorrow as the authorities move to prevent the Bersih 3.0 sit-in in the historic square tomorrow.
Ever have one of those odd little pockets of time that fills up in an unexpectedly pleasant way? Maybe you had time set aside to work on something that you weren't particularly enthusiastic about, but ended up enjoying it anyway. Or perhaps you had a couple of hours that had no direction and you decided to do something on the spur of the moment and it brought you a measure of happiness.
I have been teaching 18 years and have taught in both public and private schools. I have worked in poverty stricken areas and wealthy areas. I have seen a lot in those years. Well we all have stories to share that have shaped us and made us better teachers. I am currently in a district and have been for about 12 years that SPOILS their teachers ROTTEN. Let me rephrase that -- the parents spoil us rotten. :o) I am often humbled and sometimes embarassed by their generosity....and our PTA don't even get me started....they are AMAZING!!! So I want to do something special for my fellow teachers --- On this - my first teacher's appreciation week in the blogging world - I want to thank all of my friends, my mentors, and fellow colleagues who work so tirelessly day in and day out. Starting on Sunday, May 6th TpT is celebrating teachers and I have decided to join them.
meet old matthew lillard, old david arquette, old skeet ulrich or old jamie kennedy in a dark alley?
And labels galore! Enough said! The picture speaks a gazillion fascinating words....
(I didn't include nail polish in this post because I have way too many colors that I love!)
As a book set for me on my university course’s reading list, this one stood out from the start – and not in a positive light. Generally, I do judge books by their covers and titles because they are the first features you spot when a book is on the shelf. If I had seen this book in a shop, I readily admit I would have glanced at it before replacing it and swiftly moving on, based on the title alone.
The brand’s wholesale division has performed well, with revenue up 50% over last year, a person familiar with the matter said.
“You’re a monster.” Each word was plump with poison.
As it would be a post in itself to postulate the dynamics of these primary groups within the LinkedIn community so too far afield for the purpose of this discussion. However the one other side bar worth noting is LinkedIn stops counting at 500 connections at least for what it posts publicly so the domain for the data set was perfectly set (1 to 500) as the ones I
Taco Seasoning
84. Country Club -- Travis Tritt
I absolutely love love loved that “something blue” was incorporated into the show. As one Pinterest commenter mentioned, a handful of the looks were very “Spanish Royalty”, which Oscar being Oscar, is oh so fitting.
Right lead was nice, and we had a nice, forward canter. At one point I started to flop around a bit, but was able to recover my position pretty quickly. Olive seemed to like what I'd done, as he really started to round, or something. I don't know, because it is still difficult to tell, but his head lowered, it seemed like his back came up, and there was more weight in my hands. I don't know exactly what was going on, but it was neat.
“Well, I’ve never tried snowboarding before, but certainly, now, with this snowboard, I just might.”
This morning Geekygirl decided to wear tights. She never wears tights, I have a drawer full of unworn brand new pairs, but one of her classmates always wears them, and today Geekygirl wanted to be "like Audrey". She pulled on one pair of tights. Tights can be tricky for the uninitiated, but I was firmly told not to help. After she struggled we established that the chosen pair of tights was rather small, so she agreed, without even the hint of a tantrum, to try another pair. These worked out better, though she was fiddling with the wrinkles in them all morning. Still, she looked sweet in the tights and a pink dress, she cheerfully munched two bowls of cereal, played nicely with her brother as we got everything ready to go, and sat down to put her shoes on without even being asked. Then I noticed her pulling at the toes of the tights. Shit, I thought to myself. The toe seams are on the insides. She is about to pull those tights of and try to turn them inside out, which will result in a major breakdown, complete removal of all her clothes, and a twenty minute tantrum where she refuses to wear anything else but her ballet outfit.
The pho is gloriously hot and the beef is tasty (not chewy, there’s nothing worse), with a serve of condiments filled with mint and beanshoots and hot chilli to make the dish really sing. But before I’ve gone and piled them all in there, I took an exploratory sip of the broth….aaaand felt a little let down. It was pretty bland and a bit watery, no delicious juices from the kitchen.
10 - Get Back
- just under 1/4 C. oat bran
‘Huh? Huh?’
A few singers stood out in particular from where we were. Jaz was very good, and Ruth who was the last to sing. I’ve since watched the show back and I don’t think you can quite get the sound quality through your TV as you can when you’re actually there.
- Please don't link to postings made prior to the date of our current challenge. All projects submitted must be new.
Still, he wasn't here to get any of those things, and walked across until he found a side room where he kept all of his clothes and smaller valuables. He was a fan of travelling light so only opened up just one bag and filled it with what he could before changing. He left the clothes Geoff had given him behind, yet another memento. He put on a black shirt, found himself a nice pair of jeans to wear and pulled his boots on. Tucking his jeans into his boots he decided to grab an extra coat just to be safe. Grabbing the bag and holding it behind him over his shoulder he grabbed a spare key for his box and the last of his spare money to fill it with before heading back out into the main room. Seeing as he had already told Geoff he'd be gone until tomorrow he decided to spend the night in the vault. It had been some time since he had been here after all. He laid down on a couch in front of one of the TV's and decided to watch it until he fell asleep.
* Package includes carbase, infant carseat and stroller frame *
When are men (and women) going to admit that we have been hypnotized?
This parallel novel is complete at 56,000 words. While the characters are derivative, the story is entirely original. For more information on the novel, please see its Web page (redacted)
Crisis ensues. If Pluto is a planet, and Eris is bigger, then Eris is a planet, too, right? Or was Pluto never really a planet, after all? The International Astronomical Union, the body responsible for all solar system object naming, steps in. It's put to a vote, and the criteria for a planet are established:
Playing off the constant question raised during his trial and imprisionment, "But what if he'd been a white athlete?"
It's about a 20-minute dinghy ride to town, but we are going to try to make a run between showers to do some provisioning - we are low on lots of staples (Coke Zero, wine, beer, meats, fruits, veggies, etc.).
Customer suggestions and complaints can be a big pain in the patootsie or they can become one of your richest sources of ideas for continuous improvements – improvements that actually matter to customers. Use social media, your blog and email newsletter and signs at the point of sale to share your latest and greatest customer complaints or suggestions, and what you did in response. Send a message to your customers that what is most important to them, is most important to you!
also, huge thanks to christen olivarez, the editor-in-chief for extending this amazing opportunity toward me. i had the opportunity to meet her last week during her quick visit to portland (she, of course, is delightful). during her visit we happened upon the magazine (it had JUST come out) in a crafty store where we both got shy about her being the editor and my being the featured artist and us standing there together when i first saw the article + magazine. it was silly. but i loved that she was with me when i saw the feature for the first time.
Looking back now our pre foster house had gone from being the quiet calm house to the noisy chaotic but safe and fun house!
I love oatmeal and mayonnaise but never together.
There is no doubt in my mind that these OxiClean products would have prevented MANY different articles of stained clothing from ending up in the garbage over the past several years. The Max Force Power Paks and Max Force Gel Stick worked wonders for our laundry. I'll let the pictures do the talkin'...
During the trial of Tommy Sheridan for perjury in 2010, an offence for which he was convicted and sentenced to three years in prison, his defence argued he had been the victim of a plot by News International and that this had involved Sheridan’s phone being hacked.
Design Team Inspiration
It’s turned out I’ve had to tell Kimba I love her as a month ago she told me she were up the duff. As she won’t get rid of it (“What you wanna do?” I asked her – as per what Chris Rock said you should say when your girl tells you she’s expecting your sperm mutant (i.e. that is defo not ask her IF she’s going to do this thing/that thing: i.e. get rid of it)) and as I can’t do a runner as I live in a Housing Executive gaff and have nowhere else to go, I have had to do all the things an expectant father should do/say to the swelly bellied mother of his imminent child, by doing everything and all up to and including: telling her I love her when she is boking her ring up and I stand there by the bathroom door when she is down on all fours, her head stuck right down in the bowl like a fat thing that can’t get through a hole, flinching with each dry heave that wobbles out of her bloated frame. One night a week ago she turned to me and said:
Who Are You
I am so excited for tomorrow to happen that I'm making myself sick lol ... not really sick, just the nauseous, oh. my. god. this could really be happening kind of feeling you get when your WHOLE life could be changing forever. Tomorrow is the day that our bmom finally meets with our agency. She is already verbally committed to this adoption ... just hasn't had the chance yet to commit with organization that will make that happen yet. My friend from college will be going to the meeting and I am so ready to hear how it went. I'll be refreshing my email all day long waiting for the update I'm sure.
Mr. Anderson is ready for the match tonight, because he still remembers what Roode did to him a few weeks ago.
P.S.2 Any idea for the title?
You are lovable.
I was delighted to see this video from Philips Livable Cities Initiative profiling New Delhi. Indeed, I agree that one of Delhi’s biggest challenges is to refrain from copying what other cities have done without really thinking it through. Delhi has such a unique identity shaped by its complex and interesting past and added to everyday by the thousands who migrate in and out of this melting pot; indeed, it would be a great pity to dilute its unique character.
After a few days of angst about what story to read, I opted for 'The Rings of Saturn' - a story about a reporter who goes to interview a couple for their golden wedding anniversary. The piece also features astronomy, a recurring theme of mine but one which I enjoy exporing and is pretty close to my heart, so I hope people in the audience enjoyed it. Others reading at the event included Steve Toase, Tony Dew, host Helen Cadbury and James Wall, whose story 'Longer than Lunch' will soon be published in respected literary magazine Tears in the Fence. (Please take out a subscription for yourself or a friend - the magazine is currently struggling financially and is in desperate need of support.) It was really nice to be asked along to take part in the festival and to hear a great selection of new stories from my fellow readers - writers who are definitely worth keeping an eye on for the future.
Like Germline, Scourge is all about a writer outsider who finds himself in the middle of a war he's completely unprepared for. In this case, the outsider is Arkamondos (Arki), a scribe of no repute who gets offered the chance to follow a Syldoon company into enemy territory and record all that he sees. Of course, the Syldoon are up to more than they initially appear and Arki is in way over his head. Told entirely in first person, Scourge is foremost a character study. Salyards puts the reader inside the head of a naive, scared, and incapable Arki, who is revolted by and attracted to his subjects in equal measure.
-Damian is sent to protect a member of the Gotham City(New Jersey?) National Guard.
These are just a few ways to get your foot in the door. Keep in mind, it is an art and it may require changing it up to accommodate the company, the market, or the hiring manager. Be willing to change, and you will be successful. Always greet an employer with a smile, a firm handshake, and a relaxed attitude. Be ready to give your 30 second elevator speech anytime you are out, even to the grocery store. You don’t need luck if you have the skill.
On the demand side, a slow but improving US housing recovery, combined with slower but still strong growth in China will keep upward pressure on lumber prices.
said that she would make a full recovery.
Even though the correct effects in the law’s verse may be quarreled one way or another, the facts are that it is the new truth for those of Washington. They may not be the first point out to get stringent about pay day lending techniques either. It seems that even while the cash advance industry continues to take pleasure in quick growth across the country, far more says may possibly join this rock band lorry to limit their process within a type and other. Most creditors are retaining properly into the reins on the subject of who they may be able to provide companies for. decreasing normally the one worthwhile choice for individuals with lousy credit may possibly show to be regrettable for a few.
Ottawa and Queen’s Park are where the solution to our pension crisis lies. CPP is a defined benefit pension plan. Back in the mid-’90s, in an act of political cooperation that needs to be repeated, the provinces and the feds came together to save the Canada Pension Plan from insolvency. They prepared it for the baby boomers. Premiums were nearly doubled, bringing them into line with benefits. The plan is now solvent as far as the actuarial eye can see. CPP’s only remaining defect is its modesty: it was designed two generations ago, at a time when employers were expected to do much of the heavy lifting. As a result, CPP aims to provide a pension worth just one quarter of the average industrial wage. The maximum CPP pension at age 65 is currently less than $1,000 a month, and the average pension is just $512.64. It’s peanuts.
Micheline Gingras
Its a global design & consulting firm, with 14 studios across 5 continents and 800-odd staff. Its pretty mammoth (but global isn’t always glamorous). Im very lucky… being a design student and all… to be a party to this, be surrounded by talented people, and see the REAL side of architecture and interiors that most of my classmates have no idea about. It was also instrumental in me taking on a double degree in business as well as design – after working around new graduates, I now don’t plan on graduating just to become a CAD-monkey.
Now, which to tell?
flames of yellow pink green and red
After you add your project for this week's challenge to your blog or public photo gallery, please leave a link that goes directly to your project in the Inlinkz form at the bottom of this post by noon on Tuesday, March 1st. Remember, you need to use a stamp carried by 7 Kids College Fund to be eligible for the prize.
38
I figured it was high time for an update. Unfortunately the exact thing that I said wouldn't happen did- once I started dedicating more of my time to the Clean and Simple Stamping blog, the time dedicated to this blog translated to one or two posts a month. I don't have nearly the same amount of free time I had when I first started blogging, so when I do have time to stamp, I feel obligated to maintain the sketches over at CAS.
There's also another aspect of adolescence that seems vital, and that's having the opportunity to do something REAL, that matters. Schools do this by offering leadership opportunities, etc, but this will only suit the cream of the crop. The vast majority will be going through the motions that have been chosen for them. What I love about unschooling teens is that they get to do what matters - to them! It's authentic, it's real, it's usually self-initiated (yet supported by their parents where necessary or helpful)! They get to be true to themselves, and really get to know themselves, their likes and dislikes & their interests (without being limited to school type subjects, or having to choose electives that are on the right strand, or that the school offers).
This is becoming a familiar story in towns and cities across Britain and invariably they involve the same demographic in terms of offender and of their victims.
The corners of the market square were delineated by the presence of four different, yet equally important stores. A bakery, newsagent, fruit shop, and delicatessen.
I agree with everything that Pope wrote, I'm just too lazy to write all that.
Because of this dispensational change Peter’s authority diminished and Paul became the apostle of the Gentiles for we read in Romans 11:13,
Okay, that last statement was way too philosophical for me. Plus, being that chirpy and upbeat makes me itchy.
He didn't always play a Stradivarius. When he first began, we rented him a Yamaha trumpet from a local music store (I don't care how much disinfectant they spray on the mouthpiece. It's like renting bowling shoes - I was still nervous about it). We wanted to make sure he was going to stick with it before we made the investment for a trumpet of his own.
Later, we spot a well-known symbol of rural community – the chiva, a colorful bus, loaded with farmers and cargo nearly to the tipping point. Chivas pack mountain folks down bumpy roads to sell plantains and vegetables in town. As we lounge in the afternoon heat, observing the beautiful citizens of Cali, I think about this evening’s Festival Internacional: Hong Kong Ballet, Australian Ballet, and Ballett Magdeburg of Germany – another great night of dance.
"Well, technically, it's referring to the naturalness of the colors."
Thanks so much for taking part in our challenge, we just love having you play with us.
Over the course of this Sun series, “Krsna Culture in Music”, we will explore a number of these relics and look at the widespread imprint Srila Prabhupada’s movement had – and continues to have — in the field of popular music. We will begin with a few interesting examples of the Hare Krsna crossover into the 1960′s counterculture.
Well i am pleased to say that my dinner tonight was filling I had to modify the recipe slightly as i didn't have all the required ingredients. This is what i changed: I did not have panko break crumbs (nor do i know what they are) so instead i used the homemade 12 grain bread that i made last week and toasted it. I added it to the food processor and vola my breadcrumbs were done. There was no dion mustard in the fridge so instead i chose to dip the chicken breasts in egg whites. I did not have tomato paste and substituted for a small amount of tomato sauce. The chicken was moist and delicious. I chose not to add whole wheat pasta as a side dish and opted for two veggies. I sliced up three different colors of peppers and had Edamame beans. My picture may not look as appetizing as the one shown in the recipe, but i enjoyed it!
During free time, participants can visit the beautiful Atlantic beaches or explore charming nearby towns. Courtesy shuttles run regularly to the beach and downtown Southampton.
Our wonderful Nana passed away last May. Logan, my compassionate one, was very worried about Papa being alone. He wondered what he could do to help Papa feel better. He decided he wanted to make him something, and when I suggested a quilt, he was very excited. Logan was concerned with the thought of Papa sleeping all alone, so the thought of Papa sleeping snuggled up in a quilt sounded perfect to him.
It is the first Friday of the month and that means ... another delicious, vegan recipe. As most of you have heard me say (countless times) ... eating meatless meals is one of the easiest ways to walk a little gentler on the earth.
Yesterday’s quake was between weak (II) and slight (III).
Cheryl has been volunteering at the Red Cross in Bridgewater, Nova Scotia since retiring from her teaching career in the mid-nineties. She hasn’t lost her love of education, but now she’s using her hobby to bring awareness about the rich history of the Red Cross and the movement’s founder Henry Dunant.
Crowns (red)
BNP councillors in Barking include Richard Barnbrook, who also represents the party in the London Assembly.
I will post a tutorial on how we made & hung the tissue Poms in Harper's room. Basically I used the standard instructions but I cut the scalloped edges more shallow & less defined. That is why they look less "flowery" ..if that makes sense. Will post more details & pics soon.
Since we both grew up Catholic, Will and I knew that we wanted to be married in a traditional Catholic ceremony. We were thrilled to have Will's childhood priest, Father Hirten, preside over our nuptial mass and help us plan a very special celebration. We were blessed with an exceptionally beautiful afternoon for the ceremony and when the moment finally arrived for me to walk up the steps to the church, I was (other than a ball of nerves) overjoyed and filled with excitement and anticipation.
Add some bicarb to a shaker and use that. Dabbing a bit of bicarb under your arms is very effective as long as you wash every day.
So here's my "sterling plan"...I will check ebay and poke around locally to see the best chances to add to my sterling pattern. I'm hoping I will find some pieces here because the original Oneida factory is about twenty miles from where I live and am hoping that there will be pieces from years ago for sale around here!! Oneida has closed and everything is being made in China, I think...and I don't think that they even do any sterling anymore. They used to have a factory store that sold all sorts of things from the factory and I remember seeing seconds of this pattern there. But those days are gone :-(
It has been ten years since the USPTO began publishing utility and plant patent applications. In that time, the USPTO has published about 2.6 million applications.
The genetic characterization of Native Mexicans is important to understand multiethnic based features influencing the medical genetics of present Mexican populations, as well as to the reconstruct the peopling of the Americas. We describe the Y-chromosome genetic diversity of 197 Native Mexicans from 11 populations and 1,044 individuals from 44 Native American populations after combining with publicly available data. We found extensive heterogeneity among Native Mexican populations and ample segregation of Q-M242* (46%) and Q-M3 (54%) haplogroups within Mexico. The northernmost sampled populations falling outside Mesoamerica (Pima and Tarahumara) showed a clear differentiation with respect to the other populations, which is in agreement with previous results from mtDNA lineages. However, our results point toward a complex genetic makeup of Native Mexicans whose maternal and paternal lineages reveal different narratives of their population history, with sex-biased continental contributions and different admixture proportions. At a continental scale, we found that Arctic populations and the northernmost groups from North America cluster together, but we did not find a clear differentiation within Mesoamerica and the rest of the continent, which coupled with the fact that the majority of individuals from Central and South American samples are restricted to the Q-M3 branch, supports the notion that most Native Americans from Mesoamerica southwards are descendants from a single wave of migration. This observation is compatible with the idea that present day Mexico might have constituted an area of transition in the diversification of paternal lineages during the colonization of the Americas.
Sunday, April 29th.
After completing screening, a person can go to the app and click on the “report” button. The app will automatically fill in the person’s name, phone number and email address. The app asks questions such as race and name of airport, as well as the basis of the complaint, such as religion or gender. It has “submit” and “share” buttons to post on social media that a complaint was filed. The app also contains information on rights of passengers and TSA procedures.
Why has that been so consistent over time? Simple. It’s not due to “the market” at all. In fact, it’s the result of the behavior of the investors themselves.
I had to laugh though on Easter morning. The Easter Bunny had brought both M-girl and D-boy new Lego sets; Star Wars for D-boy, and the new, girly, Lego Friends for M-girl.
~~my constant source of inspiration has always been, ever since high school, Native Funk & Flash. That's always in the back of my head, those one-of-a-kind garments lovingly made by hand with no thought to what's stylish or hip. I've said it before, and I'm sure I'll say it again: for me, this is the best book ever written. It literally changed my life, even though I didn't know it at the time.
There are lots of other books , but these are ones I particularly enjoyed.
I've often said that lolita fashion should be for everyone. I feel that all girls have a princess inside of them waiting to be released, just as we all have Joan of Arcs waiting for something to fight for and Juliets confronted with something worth dying for. Like many lolitas, sometimes when I'm bored in class I sit and imagine dressing up my classmates in frills and petticoats and tiaras, just so they can feel it for themselves once. I'm one of those girls who was elated when brands started making larger sizes, not just for my own purposes, but because it makes this amazing aesthetic so much more accessible to the people who, arguably, may need it most. After graduating high school, I discovered that some of my friends in the class under me were buying their first frills, and instead of feeling replaced or getting hot-headed about having done it first, all I could be was happy to have played any part in introducing lolita to these girls' lives, no matter how small. In conclusion, I'm not one to get territorial over lolita. It's not mine, I don't own it, and therefore I feel no need to keep it all to myself. And anyway, it's kind of silly to try and keep your clothing style to yourself- everyone within a quarter-mile is going to notice a huge, walking cupcake!
The Earth is getting a new grid system and we are renovating ourselves to be in alignment with this new grid system. This will come with a new orientation point, with a new heart center, and a new body. Let’s just say that we have a lot on our plates right now.
Judges have wide latitude in granting company sealing requests, and Koh has granted all of Apple and Samsung’s requests to keep documents secret in the case.
It is for this reason that the Medina has set aside this day to be the national day of remembrance for the approximate 500 fallen Israeli soldiers who places of burial are not known.
I got to spend Sunday afternoon and evening with my daughter, Exhibit One, who was not feeling well. SG and I sprang into action, cooking chicken soup (aka Jewish penicillin) and generally pampering the poor sick darling. Dropped my daughter off at her apartment in Toronto and came back last night quickly and easily without any traffic jams or unnecessary delays.
Subject: Re: Urgent Response Needed
I also have some cautionary words. Plagiarism, and its unwelcome cousin -- making use of other people's work without due acknowledgement -- are practices which are endemic in a world which fails to respect intellectual property. Our readers are entitled to be spared from their worst effects, but no journal, not even JIPLP, enjoys an automatic immunity from the unauthorised lifting of text and content from their original authors.
Everyone knows how generous those Slimmer Pugs are. Well, Momma Mindy did the sweetest thing! She sent gifts to the puggers in memory of our dearly departed Yoda!
Sunday night here now. A bit depressing but a nice end to the a really good weekend of relaxing!
2) 50 Double-Unders – rest 20 sec.
Post 103 of 180
There are bundle deals if you shop around, and these include different combinations of PC Sivta with memory cards and games.
I've always been attracted to the black panther. Significantly, I've been allergic to cats all my life, no matter that I've taken two sets of allergy shots with 'cat' included in the serum. I'm better than I used to be with them, but there's no pet cats in my future I'm afraid. That tells me how strong the cat totem is for me. I have several panther prints and statues, including a little one by my bed.
Businesses that openly display an endorsement of anti-American anarchy and chaos must be made to pay a heavy price for their foolishness. You can tweet Men's Wearhouse (@Mens_Wearhouse) and tell them what you think.
Rockin' Memory Book (including the band - your class picture, your groupies - friends, and don't forget the lead singer - your awesome teacher, tour schedule - your year of fun events)
Sometimes when I think about it, it doesn't really seem like much. Then I think back to when I started this blog in June of 2011, and how I don't really stick with anything, and 100 posts seems pretty awesome!
I've not been a total couch potato and have had a couple of successful sessions at the gym mainly focusing on core work and hand weight exercises, with 10-15 minute sessions on the bike, rower and cross trainer thrown in to get the cardio fix! Sadly I've had to stay well clear of the treadmill to keep temptation at bay.
It is hard to keep trudging through the trenches while you are spread thin between toddler and teenager, trying to keep your head above water. The amazing thing is that God is there in the midst of your mess and promises to reward you for earnestly seeking Him. It often happens when I'm feeling a little self-pity or comparing myself to other homeschool moms who seem to be doing everything better, that God will give me a little pat on the back. It is as if He's saying, "I know you don't feel adequate, Heather, but I didn't call you to do this great thing because you are perfect - but because I am perfect. I just called you to trust and obey."
against the setting sun like Ms. Saigon.
Gail ♥
photo: Alan Moses
HOME – LESS – NESS
As my favourite bloke is visiting this week, who happens to be quite handy with a hammer, it was tempting to consider that more shelving might be the answer, but thanks to Julie Morgenstern that won't be necessary. So here is how I did it.
Count Dracula did realize his past mistakes and taught his future generation well… So 1 Decade later,the modern breed of new vampires were born.
Arrangements to make, photos to look at, people to coordinate with, muscles to stretch or knead or exercise.
"ANSWERS" offers a space for participants to discuss and explore the fate of the meaning of words within collective environments. In its upcoming installation, "ANSWERS" will be holding sessions within the administrative offices of Harold Washington College in downtown Chicago during normal working hours... with HWC staff.
So let’s talk quickly about the new wine that Jesus brings and what the new wine skin looks like.
(The stinger is my favorite part, LoLs!!!)
B. I love art galleries.
Council Member Letitia James was incredibly disappointed to learn that the MTA decided to approve the transit fare increases. The following is the testimony the Council Member presented at the MTA Public Hearing on September 21, 2010.
to this week of new release previews.
85×3
some form of disability.
07-Nero & The Gladiators - Tovaritch
Rambau’s arrest follows the discovery of a hit list compiled in his own handwriting. The list was handed to members of the police’s Counter Intelligence Unit for investigation.
I was SO happy when I made my first shirt! I mean really, what is better than making your own clothes. I dont know what is.
124Give all thou canst--and let me dream the rest.
Shell has advised that drilling operations on Palta-1 are being planned for Q3 2012, subject to their receiving all required regulatory approvals. The well is to be drilled in water depths of approximately 1350m and to a total depth of 5325m – 5675m. The Octanex Group originally held 100% of the WA-384-P, WA-385-P and WA-394-P permits that are located in the southern Exmouth Sub-basin.
The Austrian International Sex School in Vienna offers 'hands on' lessons in seduction for £1,400 a term.
Destroy All Monsters was chosen as the international title by Toho, and AIP decided to keep it and built a huge campaign around it. In the past, they’d changed most of the titles Toho offered. They hired Titra Studios to do the dubbing, and Hal Linden (TV’s Barney Miller) voiced Katsuo. The dubbing was directed by Peter Fernandez (a voice actor in his own right, and famous for voicing SPEED RACER).
Having a good grasp on your writing style will help your messaging become more consistent while reaching your target audience. Having a consistent writing style will also help give you some brand recognition. If you don’t have a consistent style, you will not effectively reach your audience, and you run the risk of losing some business. Using these writing tips will help you achieve a writing style and start reaping the benefits.
Games of “pass the black table” are often played, according to the study.
Got another bright one on our hands. :)
Ted nods "And to give you two a bit more responsibility you will be joint interviewing all applicants. I will have the final say. So I need you two to work closely together this week and come up with a plan of action. Go Team Sales!"
We sent her an email right away and told her we could provide some beef for the dinner. She called me the next day. I told her I would provide her enough ground beef to feed around 300 to 400 people. I just needed to know when and where to deliver it.
Right, it's your turn to be honest. Do you drink more than is good for you? And if so, have you tried to stop? Or if it's not the booze, what habit would you like to break?
The attempt to water down the results of the ruling will run into tough sledding in a corporate-controlled Congress, but you also have to wonder if the lawmakers behind it are really so naïve as to believe, for example, that companies like Merck and Exxon-Mobil, which by their definition could still purchase issue ads, are U.S. corporations. Why? Because they have headquarters in New Jersey and Texas? Let's not get silly.
Michael Conniff quoting Jason Calcanis mentioned the three features of blog:
Then I began to look at what did I gain from this experience. How do you get beyond the heartache, anger and regret to the point of appreciation for life lived. I have a firm belief that no matter the experience or how horrible it is there is learning and growth. With some experiences we just have to dig a little deeper to recognize that something good can grow from what I have often described as nothing but hell.
“Jake, so, do you want to go to the concert?”
Saturday's 9th Annual Parkville Microbrew Festival definitely proved one thing: the popularity of craft beer is undoubtedly booming. Selling 1000 more tickets than last year, the increased crowd size was evident to anyone who has attended the Parkville festival over the course of the past few years. Like any event, the Microfest had it's share of ups and downs. Here are a few of the highs and lows, in my opinion.
So let me share.
I am reading... My bible.Doing a bible study too which I know I am going to enjoy so much!Catching up with a huge pile of magazines!
Galileo, however clever he knew he was, could never win. Unbeknown to him, a file had been opened on him in the Secret Archives of the Vatican, back in 1611, before the Counter Reformation of 1618 and long before his eventual trial in 1633, before he even considered going back to Italy. Galileo had been labelled as a trouble-maker as soon as he pointed his telescope to the heavens.
or more to fall
I was left with the cut out piece that I couldn't bare to waste so I simply punched a few holes in it with my Crop-A-Dile and incorporated it as a filler page for my mini album. It was the perfect size for adding a little pocket with some hidden journaling!
– PACIFIC WREN 2, same, RL
I had no particular opinion one way or the other about Beyonce before the last few weeks because I was ignorant about her and her music. I am now informed. On a relative cultural scale, she is not the worst. When held up to the light of Christ, her music clearly does not belong on a Christian ipod.
“No. Look, honey. I don’t expect you to……”
I go back to my vantage point and look out onto the city. I gaze downwards and I wait expectantly for the figure of the man on the bike to emerge and begin his journey back down the thoroughfare. Several minutes pass, all without a sign of the life that was previously outside my door re-emerging out onto the sullen streets. No incidents of any kind… only my listless, shallow breath curling from my lips into an ever dispersing mist.
What a beautiful H cup
You will not be too surprised to hear that I haven’t been able to stay in that new state of mind for very long. However, when I’ve managed it, I’ve found that just about everything is easier. I’ve tried thinking this way while driving and while dancing, for example. When dancing is challenging and I feel I can’t keep going, I try to visualize the space my body needs to fill with each new move, and then to simply be there in the space. I’m not wasting so much energy straining to get there. I’m still experimenting, and probably will be for some time to come.
Please feel free to pin this and help us support the stamping community!! :-)
And now Grootvlei’s two of three mineshafts have flooded permanently with untreated, highly radiactive and poisonous mine-water referred to as ‘acid-mine drainage (AMD). Only one shaft was still operative but its gold-output was ‘diminutive’ and the pumping was increasingly inconsistent by January 2010.
4) Patrons
It rained this week in Southern California, and this made it impossible for us to have our normal day of motor development activities as part of our Wednesday small group rotation, since all of that happens outside. So I as I was to scrambling to think of something else for the children to do at that center, it occurred to me that the five or six children in the group could probably take turns playing games on my iPad and iPod, as long as there was one other thing for them to do as well while they waited. I did have one parent volunteer there at that center, so I let her manage those three activities. The children were either playing a game called “Short Vowels” on the iPad, “I Write Words” on the iPod, or were matching sets with number cards while they waited for a turn to play one of these games. We have also tried a few games with parent volunteers at other times over the past couple of weeks. So here is a quick review on each of these games:
It is different because it has a great message behind it. Great STORY! I can see how it could be compared to those two films though.
There have been a number of vigilante killings over the past two weeks, with two incidents of necklacing, where a tyre is placed around the victims neck and set alight with petrol.
I so remember that appearance on Top Of The Pops so I was shocked to read this comment on You Tube:
...I've just got in from a quick (and I mean quick) peruse around the latest Wetherspoon's Beer Festival. As usual, there's a few beers of note, and one that's worth tracking down for sure. First up, Feral Brewing Company's The Runt; a beer that promised a lot but ultimately was let down. I do, however, feel this was due to the dispense method; warm stillage in a crowded room doesn't do this citrussy pale any good at all. There's a touch of promise in here; light, and with a nice dose of Citra hops, but the dispense method let it down. Hedley Verity; take note for next time.
Consequently, Eve ate the fruit which God had forbidden and disobedience (“sin”) came into the perfect creation. From that time on, mankind had to work for his living, and the animals were wild and afraid of him.
to the world. (Long story-short) some weirdo in
In light of these articles of faith which I have outlined I believe that our responsibility as an emerging sentient species is to learn how to grow and nurture our world of ideas, societies, and technologies in symbiosis with the natural orders of the universe. Starting at the smallest scale this relates to having a clear understanding of the true nature of how our daily decisions and choices impact the world around us and taking full responsibility for these decisions and actions. At the medium scale it means finding a way to design and sustain a global human population which promotes the health and biodiversity of the other species on this planet as they continue along at the much slower pace of biological evolution. At the large scale, it means a continued commitment to growth in both knowledge and wisdom for the human species, a quest which must ultimately include the exploration and colonization of space.
Given her genes, we won’t be surprised if one fine day, Sara finally decides to face the camera and experience the feeling of being an actress, a celebrity!
Today's Prompt: What's the story of the most difficult challenge you've faced in a relationship? Did you overcome it? What was the outcome?
The instructor provided him anfortable framework to acquire the spellings and said- 'So, by tomorrow, you essential to be thorough in these language, said the educator!'
Stories must be previously unpublished and under 5000 words. All stories will be considered for publication. Entry is £10, which allows you to submit up to two stories, and to receive a copy of the journal with the winning story inside. – Untie your hands and submit!
This footage is courtesy of The Grime Report
When you and your MP’s letter arrives at the department, it is logged and cascaded to the policy team that has responsibility for the issue you are writing about. At this stage, the minister responsible will not have seen the letters. But before it gets to the civil servant responsible for drafting the response for the minister’s approval, the letters have to be read by the departmental correspondence unit, the senior civil servant responsible for the policy area and team leader responsible for the particular issue before policy officials will set to work drafting a response. Hence your letter needs to be clear to all of these people too.
The rumble of a train approaching the platform
* missing 1 side of playset
That made it possible not to answer the strange mail, to “set her straight”, to correct the contradiction and all kind of those things. What was real, was the image I had seen -so I just let it all go.
Gert Ale – 4.8% – Russett coloured strong ale
He had even less hesitation in announcing a political career, especially as Father had connections to a certain Al Smith, governor of New York. An adopted son of Tammany Hall, elected first to the state assembly in 1910 then to the state senate in 1914, young Walker sought Smith's guidance and the governor soon took a fancy to the smooth, impeccably dressed young man, who shone like a new penny on the Senate floor. As he was described by Robert Caro:
no one is sleeping.
You just have to take the time to stay fully informed, awake, aware and alert.
This is a body suit version of the original Jean Paul Gaultier dress trimmed with feathers and paired with a Stephen Jones headdress and thigh high Christian Louboutin boots.
My sister and nephew had come in with my brother but they were off grabbing a bite to eat.
The potatoes arrive quickly, blistering hot and piled until overflowing in a small metal mixing bowl. Only the smallest pieces are super crunchy, but the whole roasted garlic cloves are a treat, and we peel off their papery skins to get at the caramelised pod inside.
I sobered the giddy neighbors.
6/10
581 D-I/7/1969. “On the Failings of American Foreign Policy: The Greek Case.” The State Department, Washington, D.C. (Alternative title: “An Afternoon at the State Department: On Greek and American Affairs.”)
This year, Kate got 2 books and Claire got 1 book and a mini pillow pet that she has been begging for. Think she was excited?
1/2 lemon juice
I never threw up with my mother in mind. I never thought, “this chicken thigh is for you, ma!” I threw up because it felt good. I threw up because I could control something. I threw up because I’d failed at trying to be a cutter so I needed something that was mine. I threw up because I didn’t feel so dirty. I threw up because I was convinced someone would love me if I was tiny. I threw up because I didn’t have any other great attributes. I threw up because it felt good to flush away garbage and not have to carry it for years on end. I told myself I didn’t do it for her. I didn’t do it because I hated life, the world, myself.
I am trying to get out of my created problems and find a way to reach my old behavior. I will call my parents tomorrow and some of my friends. I hope this will help me have a refreshing breath and cure my mental illness.
I’ve found some new information about our lovely Victorian lady and her gentleman friend this week. He is an officer in the Navy and she is sitting at shore edge waiting for him. At least she has her little doggie to keep her company as she waits.
dakota going to a job fair, driving our car with us in it!, filling a notebook with lyrics for his band Law and writing a song, for me.
Flu Shots: Feelings about them? Did you get yours? Feel free to rub it in.
Last week? Exactly the same.
“We therefore encourage
Whatever the case, I am what I make of myself
Annie's
So, journalists, scientists: Why not just give the rest of the world our word back. We know how to use it, which is in domestic disputes where one partner badly needs a snack, a nap, or both.
Finding this magazine is just one of a million things like this that he does for me.
The music stopped.
Funny how the years,
Outside the shop she attracted stares, partly because she was a Draenei, she supposed, but also her ceremonial armor seemed to be a little up-dressed in the city. Judging from what the Paladins typically wore in Stromwind, purple seemed outlandish to them.
Karl Barth was the most influential theologian of the 20th century, and if things continue, he will be the most influential of the 21st as well. Most of what evangelicals may have encountered regarding Barth’s theology, likely, has been mediated through Bonhoeffer, as he was deeply influenced by Barth’s theology and account of modernity even while being a contemporary of Barth. However, most (non-academic) evangelicals have not heard of Barth because historically evangelicals have rejected key elements to Barth’s theology. But should that be so?
Mr Bohlen, who is a jury member of Germany's biggest pop talent show and used to be part of Germany's eighties pop group Modern Talking, equally took offence at an advertising campaign which took a satirical view of his autobiography. After several celebrities did not like how they were portrayed in his autobiography and threatened legal action, Mr Bohlen had to release a redacted version with lengthy passages being blacked out. This news story was again reflected in a similar advert which included the tagline "Look Dieter - this is how you write books" with several of the words in the advertisement being blacked out with a marker pen.
Sometimes I wish I was a designer. Fabrics fascinate me too. I think of bold designs or materials that I’d like to utilize in an outfit. I might be staring into space when I am hit with inspiration. People wear everything today. They are bold, smart and willing to experiment. I would have loved to own a clothing line. I’d love to spend my time rummaging through bits and pieces of the next masterpiece, allowing myself to be hit with inspiration over and over again. Waking up in the middle of the night to quick sketch something I saw in my sleep and brainstorm over coffee. I do wake up in the middle of the night and I do my sketches, I feel fabrics, I take my samples. I chuck them all in a big shoebox which I’d like to take someday and put them all together, i.e. if life didn’t take over. I know I have ideas never seen before; I’d like to show them, just for the thrill or the excitement that would be receptive most obviously. Sometimes I find myself building the whole scenario in my head. The themes, the collections, the feel, my eye for perfection, I see the teams working on each piece, the hushed sounds, the inevitable chaos. I’d have loved it all, every throbbing second of it. I would have lived it all, divulged my emotions and basked in the glory of smell, sounds and sightings of the moment. But then I find my feet slowly touch ground again, and evaluating the surroundings it seems far from feasible for now, yet not forever. If someday I’ll be able to design for at least one popular person, I could make up for all the above.
Such is life, such is life, though I’d personally disagree
The Snow Child by Eowyn Ivey had been on my wishlist for some time and I was not disappointed. An impulse buy meant I read it on my Kindle, rather than having the pleasure of the beautiful paper edition, hard backed with a silvery design like the book of Russian folk tales featured in the story. My loss, I think. An aging childless couple, battling the elements to settle in Alaska, build a child out of snow. The snow child becomes a beautiful girl, but is she real? I certainly wanted to believe. Whereas The Shipping News gave us the bitter cold of small town Newfoundland, The Snow Child evokes the rhythm of the seasons and the natural world. A lovely book.
In layout the wing is a modern take on the 3 element wing and for the first time at Ferrari features and endplate-less design. Ferrari wing layout has been largely the same since the 2009 F60. With the endplate and the cascades attached to it removed. You can see the wing curls down to form the endplate itself.
It’s a snack or meal; whatever you wish.,
April 08, 2011
I'm going to Korea and Malaysia for vacation later this month to see some family and friends. As I was mentally preparing myself for some smart dinner conversations, I got stuck on this particular scene:
St. Maximus of Rome
2) Add shrimps,salt and coconut.
The ribbons were leftover pieces also from my stash, and my images were colored with copics.
The weakening in rough diamond prices from July to December 2011 resulted in Petra's gross revenues being approximately $23 million lower than management's expectations for H1 FY 2012.
- In Apollo Mills, Lower Parel, with 6.41 acres, and New City (6.7 acres), Byculla, about 50 sewing machines each are running.
My whole family lives in Jo’burg.
iBooks Author is, in the end, just a tool for laying out your content so it looks nice on the iPad. Nobody is stopping any author or publisher from using another tool to sell the same content on another platform. This seems at least somewhat analogous to regular publishing, where the publisher owns the rights to the book's design and typesetting, and authors can't re-use them--or the cover art--if they revert rights and publish elsewhere. On the other hand, publishers don't claim rights to the editing that helped get the book ready for publication (unless you signed with a lousy publisher).
ASA Member only event: InConversation.
Before you ask, no, “Your shirt is black” does NOT count.
Used as a sliding device
“Someone who probably knew we were out of town killed him and stripped the meat,” Little Soldier said. “I could tell it was him because of the white hair that was left on the head and tail.”
The rules say to watch for the emotionally unavailable person. This, I’ve found, is easier said than done. I believe there are several reasons why determining who is or when a person is emotionally unavailable can be so difficult. Face it. No one goes around with a sandwich board on that reads, “Date me. I’m Emotionally Unavailable.” The truth is, we downplay our weaknesses and emphasis our strengths when we meet new people. Yes, you heard me. We lie.
Investigators said they determined the fake passports had been issued in Turkey and Cyprus, the newspaper said. During interrogation, group members said they had each paid as much as $10,000 for the passports and new identities that said they were Christian refugees fleeing the war in Iraq.
22. She’s as smart as any boy. Make sure she knows that.
34. I Know It's Over C.K. Kelly Martin
But one of my oldest and dearest friends, Danguole, was coming to New York for a visit, and she laid claim to this one. Only because I love her so, I reserved it for her.
The little girl continued to come back each night to make her holy hour and receive Jesus in Holy Communion on her tongue. On the thirty-second night, after she had consumed the last and thirty-second host, she accidentally made a noise and woke the guard who was sleeping. He ran after her, caught her, and beat her to death with the butt of his rifle. This act of heroic martyrdom was witnessed by the priest as he watched grief-stricken from his bedroom window.
Using the new Rectangle STAX Die-namics I and II (available May 1st), I die cut her out with my Vagabond machine. Then I die cut the Large Royal Rose Die-namics and Leaf Die-namics out of My Favorite Felt English Rose and Sour Apple.
the ones you love.
As Christmas season becomes more hectic, what if I let God drive? Maybe everything doesn’t have to be perfect, and maybe I don’t have to control every tradition, every holiday nuance. What if I just held on for the ride?
and the fishing-nets of the south,
I opened the package and saw this cute box inside...
It is important that minor companies should be encouraged — partly because they might be more innovative or they might introduce things that the major companies wouldn’t introduce: but also because, as major companies decline, minor companies come up. So. in this way. the council is maintaining the market a bit.
I am reluctant to call them snow birds, as I grew up in South Florida, and the snow bird migration was an annual blight and they were to be made fun of.
of stalwart better things
“Give it to Ya” feat. T-Pain
One of the things we tend to shy away from when we "eat healthier" is OIL and FAT. But the truth is our bodies need fat. Not a lot of course. And not animal by-products. I am not talking eating a pound of bacon a day here. I am talking about oil. Plain, pure and simple. It can be Canola, Olive, Coconut, Safflower, Sunflower, Peanut, Soybean. You can get a list online of healthy oils. Now here is a question for you. How is this oil healthiest? In its natural state or when we use it for cooking? Natural of course. How much do we need of it a day?
Even with a large budget, directly affecting the success of Amazon’s overall business is a tall order for a new publishing imprint. Amazon pulled in well north of $40 billion in revenue last year (final numbers aren’t yet in), dwarfing the combined revenues of the Big Six publishers.
I couldn't turn on the TV
Dear human,
I cannot say enough about the gorgeous new set Apothecary Art...coupled with the coordinating Framelits, it sure makes for some beautiful projects. As you can see, I've been getting lots of use out of them! Here's a closer look at the card.
Snow’s hatred for our Katniss is sparked by her stunt she pulled in the 74th Hunger Games. Her and the male Tribute from 12, Peeta, almost committed suicide. You see, the Games only have one victor in the 24 contestants (2 from each District, male and female). The rest are killed by the other Tributes til one is crowned victor.
The play is a work of imagination but the intention undoubtedly is to also reflect certain realities of the AIDS situation. For this reason readers who are working in this sector will find that certain characters and situations resemble actual real life. Any resemblance to any of these persons is therefore not remarkable but no specific persons have been borne in mind and any resemblance is purely coincidental.
I got a call from a woman who wanted to go to Capetown.
If by some chance, you don't know who the Dead Boys are, just check out their early work and see them live on youtube if you need extra convincing.
Again, our thanks to Roger and Eve for sharing this great ride with us.
Disclosure: The author of Cake Simple gave me a copy of the book (because the I Like Big Bundts project is on page 82!!). However, I'm paying for the buttons and their domestic and international postage, and postage for the book (yes, I might just put the postal service back in the black! ;)
Just a taste, from a summary online… “Bertie escapes this ordeal relatively unscathed, but later learns that, via underhanded skulduggery involving lobsters and cold cucumbers, Sir Watkyn has obtained possession of the creamer ahead of Uncle Tom and spirited it away to Totleigh Towers.” HEAVEN FORFEND!
Two reasons. First, this shift is the result of the broader perspective that has come over the past few years as we have updated our vision and mission. Rather than focusing just on the LMS market, we're looking at the entire student lifecycle within the education institutions we serve. That broader vision led us to add complementary platforms like Blackboard Collaborate, Blackboard Mobile and Blackboard Analytics. And it led us to extend our services reach with Blackboard Student Services and the development of our online program management offering. Only when one takes the institution-wide perspective do the largest problems in education come into view. In that position, we've seen first-hand how much the value of the foundational LMS is expanded when it connects with and empowers other systems with core impact for the education experience – mobility, real time collaboration, analytics, campus life and student services, and more. So, we wanted to pursue a strategy that gets us more involved in leveraging the power of these intersections for institutions, whatever LMS choice they make based on their particular needs.
And now that that majorly important information is out of the way, let's move on. : ) My sweet blog friend, Jess, thought of a cute little questions game for all the lovebirds and we decided to make a link up out of it. We are calling it "The Newlywed Game" (based off the old game show), but anybody can play along...married, dating, whatever.
In the shadows I can barely make out a figure running full tilt toward the car ……..As Chad gets closer I can see him smiling…….and I did too. Today is a good day to have brass balls.
*I’ve lost count of the times I’ve wanted to throw ‘key texts’ across the room for crimes against English.
We worked nights - morning tour (pronounced "tower") and on the way home, the guy, like many of the guys I worked with, liked to drink beer. Before you gag, remember that night shift workers have their days turned around and 7:00 a.m. is like 5:00 p.m. to everyone else. I've never been much of a drinker and especially when I worked that shift. Drinking upsets my sleep and it's hard enough getting rest during the day, what with the usual daytime noises.
Close by was another section of the Old Trace. Stories of settlers, mail carriers, soldiers, bandits, missionaries, and opportunists paint colorful images of the Old Natchez Trace.
Hey everyone! I think I sat down to write a post Weight Watcher related about a thousand times over the last few months. I think now is a good time to chat about it mostly because of the NEW improved program Weight Watchers just unveiled.
But back to my original thought. I am very happy about how this shirt has turned out. Those "ruffles" were not ruffles from the beginning. It has evolved over years of wearing, washing and drying. Those plain, boring trim pieces have softened and curled. I like to think that we all soften and curl as we age - and that's a good thing. Plain becomes artful. Age brings beauty. It's all very nice.
Hard drive data recovery services are now widely offered bу а number of data recovery companies аnd businesses around the globe. These hard drive data recovery services аre еvеn highly accessible online with lots of websites оut thеrе оn the web advertising аnd featuring their wonderful аnd powerful hard drive data recovery services аnd procedures. And, аѕ computer bесоmes а necessity for mоst of us, more and more companies аre offering hard drive data recovery services for thе computer users' sake.
So, while the season began very well with Marc Platt’s Thin Ice and Cartmel’s Crime of the Century in terms of setting up this ‘season’, Animal and this conclusion in some ways seem to have retreated a little from really defining and bringing to fruition an overall arc – instead – we have introduced Raine as new companion for Doctor and Ace and have been introduced to the Metatraxi in the audio realm for fairly comedic effect – perhaps not quite where we thought this series was going, and not really following through with the darker and more Machiavellian conception of the character as McCoy and Cartmel’s Doctor seemed to be heading on TV. But given the independent life that their conception had both in book and audio form, this was perhaps neither possible nor desirable – instead we have had a season of light adventures with lots of nice ideas but not much of an overarching storyline to speak of, apart from some Russian characters that seem to pass from one story to the next in some incarnation or other. All done with a surprising but creditable lightness of touch – a minor success then, but definitely ones that concludes in the black on the ledger.
That's it for me today. I've created a button for all of my Christmas Journal posts that's over on the side bar, so if you'd like to see all of my pages together you can click on it. Hope everyone is having a good Monday! See you tomorrow.
"Paint what you see, Johann; not what you think you see".
You have a soul, but it is a black hole,
Forget the former things; do not dwell on the past. See, I am doing a new thing! Now it springs up; do you not perceive it? (watch for Me.) I am making a way in the desert and streams in the wasteland. (I am making the tired places new). -Isaiah 43:18-19
Sometimes it’s questionable because our generation is going to have to work on our feet until we die (hence we’ll die on our feet) and at the same time the older generation we’re taking care of likes to think that we wouldn’t have anything at all if it wasn’t for their hard work that got us this far. Honestly I try not to go into this to deep for debate purposes because there are some dichotomies that would irratate both sides of the debate to the point of anhilation.
Rhys: "Daddy sleeping?"
After exhaustive and exhausting investigation of the many variables involved (and hoo ha, are they variable!) it can be shown that on the twelfth day of Christmas, my true love will have given me:
A productive hour or so in the garden this morning for Cubby and me.
absence: m. Obedient, d. Ahmed, d. Abdul Ahad
A minute later I saw their blue light flashing in my mirror again. This time I was rather more concerned.
but For mom,
This is a light and tangy classic salad. Tomato, onion, cucumber, fresh herbs and lots of lime juice. It's not a challenging or unusual salad but it's a classic that is simple to make and you can eat it every day. Check out the recipe here.
In recent years, although overall alcohol consumption has been falling in Britain, at the same time we have become more disapproving and censorious about it, so the association with irresponsible and uninhibited behaviour has if anything increased, resulting in lurid exposés like this in the Daily Mail. Perhaps if we were more accepting of moderate drinking in an everyday social context we would have a more mature and relaxed attitude to alcohol in general. Fat chance of that happening then.
1 vegan vegetable bouillion cube
everybody like a little sugar now and again
The Zimmerman trial and the entire controversy of the “literally in fear of my life” defense law reminds us of the Terry Schaivo editorial we originally published back in 2005. The similarities? Both occur in Florida and both involve over-reach by politicians wanting to legislate Apocalypse into being (pro-zombies with Schaivo, pro-vigilantes with Zimmerman).
After a long time, I'm back with 100 reasons to snail mail. I didn't feel like blogging lately, lazy me. I wanted to present one reason weekly but I seem not to be able to be regular in anything:P Sooo, sorry in advance for any future breaks in 100 reasons if someone is interested in it:) In the meantime, let me tell you that through letters you can...
Make sure to check out or talented CARISSA'S blog all this month! She is our Featured Designer this month and will be bringing you a ton of inspiration!
Seating beside you and smelling that perfume
I'm still fitting into my medium Lorna Jane clothes, and I am still happy with my weight gain. I AM however feeling the effects of baby! I feel shorter of breath, and it is definately harder to bend over!
You find I’m even better than you imagined I would be.
Listen to what the Bible says about reading the heart:
from a chimney
Now my aunt and my history with her is a story in itself. Remember the neighbor’s son I was so afraid of? When I was 4 my neighbor who was keeping me told me that he had gotten married and that I should go upstairs and meet his wife. My aunt frequently and lovingly told the story of how she heard a knock on the apartment door and that when she opened the door, there stood this beautiful little girl with long black ringlets and big brown eyes looking up at her. She said it was love at first sight. Soon I was spending a great deal of time with her while Mama worked. I don’t remember much about our early years together except that her husband didn’t frighten me as much after she came.
With all the increasing costs regarding essential goods, issues with provider countries, and also the imbalance between supply and also requirement, it might be an inevitable experience regarding drivers to start considering the use of fuel effective cars over well-known, super-powered counterparts. If the car market offers everything to state about this, it really is clearly that individuals should start opening their minds to green choices. The final five many years possess given way in favor of the particular development associated with mixed-style models, electrical cars as well as smart cars for your brand new era regarding accountable customers. If you want to turn out to be part of the trend and help relieve around the world, along with reduce your own regular gas costs, here are a few of the most energy efficient SUVs as well as vehicles associated with this you can consider buying.
*Art: At least once a week. She can go with her own idea or work her way through the art course books we have. I bought the grade 7 and grade 8 texts that our school board uses (I could have rented them, but I but them both for cheaper than the price of renting a single text for the year!), plus we found a really good painting course book. Just have to get her started on it and she'll be good to go.
In the story, Robert Langdon and the villain of the story are searching for the secret symbol of freemasons that is supposed to hide the secret to unleash human potential. The chase is as usual good and the author has made it interesting by involving Government agencies, research institutes and myths behind secret societies.
I am done worrying about whether I follow denominational rules. I will follow the precepts laid forth from God’s word and I will live with the power that He has given all believers. I will live in the fullness of what He has put before me and not be afraid of pleasing you or Bob down the street.
do you recall this dresser from marion at miss mustard seed designs? i sought out a photo of it this week for inspiration when i decided that i wanted to reveal some of laverne's gorgeous wood inlay and details.
David Pipe (Nicholashayne, Somerset)
Starting Fri, Jun 15, the Huber Haus will open a summer beer garden with seating for 50 people. It will be located just outside the Huber Haus back door, and will be open from 4:00 p.m. until midnight on Fridays only.
But what do I say to Him? "Please God, don't hurt me no more?"
While the 1948 McCall's dress I made pre-dates the bouffant style, I wanted the skirt to have a little more fullness, so I quickly gathered some tulle (that I'd bought for that other rose-print dress) and stitched it to an elastic waistband to make a small crinoline. Worn over a half-slip, it worked perfectly.
I am in a crater that is no more.
What's more important is the actual content. But we all know that already!
you call me
That's right. He wants to be called "Eyeballs."
In an earlier post on Sohni Mahiwal, I had said folklore was a mixture of beliefs, facts and fiction and that it was always a poet who immortalized a love story. But, it is also true that a poet chose to sing a particular story, and not the other, because of its inherent beauty, drama and poignancy. Mirza-Sahibañ is one such poignant story of blind love.
10 squats
● Encourage and facilitate suppliers in conducting assessments of
To return to the account of Jesus’ washing his disciples’ feet, Jesus adds a word about the ongoing life of true discipleship, saying, “if you’ve had a bath, you need only to wash your feet.” It’s as though he reminds them that that very day they bathed for the day and that need not be repeated. But after walking the dusty, soiled streets their feet may need attention.
Our #1 son is every single bit a 13 year old boy. He is obsessed with getting a cell phone or an iPod touch or both. He is having some academic challenges, so we will spend a lot of time on that. He is a big hearted, sweet and very helpful boy. While he isn't very motivated in school he is very respectful and likes all of his teachers. The same attitude translates to home where he will help with anything that is needed and he is very kind to his little brothers. He is the peacemaker of the group. He came home from Valentine's Day at school with a new girlfriend. Oy vay.
It’s easy to talk about the Mercy Arms image and forget about their music. Their penchant for elaborate fashions and a reel of constantly changing press photos has overshadowed music that failed to deliver on the promises we were spun.
3) Blend the oranges (skin included) in a food processor till pureed.
2) Is child abuse acceptable, depending on the context?
“Whatcha want now?” asked Mother Hibberd sourly. “I been poorly of late, so yer not comin’ inside.”
so it's still not so bad.
The sun is shining here, it has been all day. It makes a welcome change to the dreary weather we’ve been experiencing for the last…I’ve lost track of how many days/weeks. Enjoy it. It may not last very long.
Over the past year, we have added several new ethereal blues to our palette of Full Spectrum Paints: Alexandra Blue, Azure, Christine’s Cloud, Dusk, Gustavian Grey, H2 Ahh!, Sky, Seaglass, Slate and Wedgewood.
Nice try Courtney but even yer own daughter is saying wise up. On a side note, Old Knudsen has hit on the 19 year-old Frances Bean Cobain on many of occasions, not only did he get no where (she must be ghey) but he also did not get a mention on Twatter.
Hello and welcome back to Round 13 of the Progressive Freebie Challenges. Which is the first challenge of the Third Series of Progressive challenges. For you seasoned players, the rules remain the same, and for those of you who have just joined us, keep reading, cuz besides the freebie digis that have so generously been provided by the artists, there is a prize at the end of Round 18.
Tomato ............ 1 (chopped)
I think it's pretty safe to say that anything that actually makes it through to becoming actual policy/law in the first two years of any administration is more attributable to the previous one.
I know you all don’t care about my dog and how cute he is, but I do. He is the simplest thing in my life. When I am writing, I can hear him snoring next to me. when its raining he’s under my bed…
Aside from cancer risks, wireless meters have been widely reported to cause headaches, dizziness, ringing in the ears- even memory loss and heart palpitations among susceptible individuals due to the constant bursts of microwave radiation. The movement against wireless meters is the sharp end of a growing movement demanding health-based standards for wireless technology…
9. Way of the World
Line 161 ALRIGHT. This spelling occurs also in the Hogarth Press edition
If You Ask Me (and of course you won’t) by Betty White. I love Betty more than Ree. It’s okay, again, if you aren’t a big reader. But also it’s good if you are really busy, it has short chapters. There is a lot of humor, a lot of Betty’s voice. Again I’m a fan of Betty (my roommate and I had “Golden Girl” marathons in college) so I loved the book.
I hope you guys enjoy the tutorial and please follow me on Youtube!
Pour in the cooled caramel and beat on medium-high speed until light and airy (around 2 minutes). Spread or pipe onto filled cupcakes (if frosting is too runny, the caramel was too warm when added – refrigerate for around 15-20 minutes until frosting is stiffer). Sprinkle each cupcake with a small pinch of fleur de sel.
I want to know what you love and appreciate about YOUR husband. Also, the funniest thing he ever did to make you laugh. You can write it in this post or leave a link to your blog post in the comments section.
- I also have him working a few times a week on ABCmouse.com. While he is well past the reading and math exercises on the Kindergarten Level 5, the science and social studies topics are so good for him to work on.
Try it this weekend, I promise you, you won't regret baking it.
that these two boys are creepy.
It is reported by both the Irish Times and Irish Independent today that the Wexford construction and development company, Cleary Doyle, has been placed into receivership at NAMA’s behest. Founded in 1961 by Eugene Cleary and John Doyle, the company has a long history of residential and commercial development, both in its own right as a development company and as a construction company acting for developer clients.
whole leaf tea sachet favors - personalization available
But, on this day, her birthday, I will think of Ceremony and how it convinced me, as Silko herself was convinced as a child, that one of the most powerful ways to seek justice and healing is through stories.
Bergmann created a sculpture mimicking the exact style of these busts, but used a poignantly different subject — a slave by the name of Sally Maria Diggs. Diggs (also known as “Pinky”) was the subject of a mock slave auction performed by the famous abolitionist Henry Ward Beecher in 1860 at Plymouth Church in Brooklyn Heights.
Procession
Start by laying on your back on the floor with your knees bent (Constructive Pose). Find a neutral pelvis - hip points and top of pubic bone are on the same plane. Do a couple of pelvic tilts and tucks to find neutral. Use extra padding (folded blankets) as needed under the bum or under the neck/head for comfort.
and matching table and chairs, these aren't the same, can't for the life of me find a pic. I did find the same blue and red metal table and chairs at a vintage shop last year but woah! they wanted over $200 for it. ouch.
Ange Pitou (1853) (a.k.a. Storming the Bastille or Six Years Later)
5. I do not outsource or spin content. If you hire someone to do this, you are plagiarizing.
I’m in California as I write this, visiting my dear friend Marianne, with my last cross-country road trip fading into the distance of a rear-view mirror. Flying just can’t compare.
Frank: yes that makes sense
And onto January.....
* Remember God is looking at the heart - not just the numbers. A cheerful giver is God's desire!
First, log on the WebLogic Console and go to Deployments. Find the b2b application and stop it.
Normally I don't pass on press releases but I thought this deserved some space here. This change is overdue and I can think of a couple of new breweries coming to Santa Cruz that will be very grateful.
5) Check for consistency in format (in headings, spacing, punctuation, layout, etc.)
Above all, the Handbook is authored by me. I’m responsible for its content, along with my publisher. The Report will be written by me but must accommodate and encapsulate the views of the advisory group, the Board and RLUK. I need to work with the timetables and preferred working methods of these various stakeholders.
Me? I had a BLAST! This was my first time putting out a big challenge like this, and while it was a bit more work in the blogging arena, I loved every minute of it. I loved reading about what you were doing and what you had to say about certain subjects. I loved seeing your enthusiasm to learn new things. I thoroughly enjoyed interacting with you each day.
So there are shelves out there waiting to be stacked, are there? Dickhead.
Walking on the wooden floor, I hear a gigantic sharp crack behind me. I turn round. One of our group has his ankle stuck in a gaping hole. One of the floorboards has cracked and collapsed under him.
Over years, a very precise map of the site is drawn up and, inside the devastated zone, the researchers determine the angle at which the trees of this zone had been touched and the exact damage that they had suffered. What they find is stupefying… Firstly, they notice that, on the trees which had remained standing, certain little branches protected by the shade of bigger branches had not been burnt. Exactly like that which had happened at Hiroshima or at Nagasaki…
Accessories: Real Red satin ribbon(#117286), Linen thread(#104199),
The waitresses have a clear, concise, color coded chart that is easy to read at a glance, and I dont know why the head boss of the kitchen cant use that template.
The run was not the most organized event in the world, the line to get in was LONG (i.e. it was quicker to walk 2 miles in than to drive in). The start time was also very disorganized, there were no real waves, just line up and go when they say. They did pass out more color and bracelets at the starting line, yay for free stuff! We started off jogging but found it was more fun to walk and take our time.
Gang Badoy, yup, THE Gang Badoy presented the winner in the WordSlayer category. “And the Slayer is…,” Gang announced, “Loi Reyes Landicho!” Stunned. “Syet. Totoo pala ‘to. Winner nga ako.” To which the Alabang Boys said, “Kami rin!”
Firstly, overland trucks do a LOT of driving. In the 14 day Ugandan circuit, we were driving 9 days, 8 days were between 4 and 8 hours of driving.
I will be back in a bit with my second DT post
Email Checked - Email is the most distracting item and some mornings I have to set a timer to get on and off the computer. I have been weeding out the junk in my inbox by clicking the unsubscribe link to unnecessary emails and advertising. Using my folders in Outlook has helped to organize my email and inbox so it is not cluttered and I can find items when needed. This is the time of the day when I will catch up with our daughter in Norway, work on my Lilla Rose business,blog or Facebook.
We could produce much more scripture but this seems to be sufficient, especially when we see that the voice of Jesus was speaking from that light in our text in Acts 22. “I am Jesus of Nazareth, whom thou persecutest.”
Only if you discount the hurricane season it’s like paradise for anyone! You can go swimming, snorkeling, sailing, fishing, treasure hunting or just simply lay on the beach and get a tropical tan.
Steven Soderbergh, Che
what else actually happens?
Mr Anwar concluded by criticising much of the media coverage of the perjury trial of Tommy Sheridan, saying that the decline of court reporting had led to the public only receiving a partial and one sided view of high profile cases that highlighted prosecution evidence but generally ignored the defence case. He also pointed to the fact that “every political party in Scotland had been silent” on the growing News International scandal, a silence he attributed to the continuing “power of News International in Scotland.” He called on Strathclyde police to “cross-reference” their investigation into phone hacking in Scotland with the Metropolitan police in London and for the Glasgow based force to urgently contact those in Scotland whose voicemail may have been intercepted.
Lords without anger or honour, who dare not carry their swords.
He then suggested good ol’ Herman C.
This Lenten season, my focus is on sacrificing selfishness. I'm going to give up irritation as my first response. My intention is that over the next forty days I will develop some habits that make me less irritated and more grounded. I intend to catch up on my Bible study. I intend to participate in some kind of physical activity five days a week. I intend to write each day. All of these activities appear to be all about me. What I've discovered is that if I take care of these things, I feel more accomplished and satisfied. As a result, I'm able to roll with the events of the day.
Van Dieman Ragged Jack Pale 330ml $4.50 – Classic English style pale ale, delicate floral hop aroma & earthy bitterness with a touch of malt to balance.
Alarm goes off. 4:45 a.m. First thought is “I’m so tired” because it’s so dark and early. Then I get up. Instantly. And, am not nervous. How? The whole pre-race thing was totally a surprise to me, I am typically totally antsy and nervous from the second I wake up. I felt none of that. I felt calm, focused and in a zone.
Am I asking for the impossible? No, no I'm not.
Shoes. Two pairs of them. And all I could think of is how huge your feet look in the new pictures we have, how much you've grown, how much we've missed.
For of all the great settlers known, Time is the best
The extremely fine print running along the left side of the photo is Matt's cheeky idea of a copyright notice: "unauthorized duplication is a) probably impossible to prove in court b) rather passé, don't you think? c)exciting and rebellious."
I asked if it was O.K. if I printed it out and shared a copy of it with her therapist, and not only did she say “YES”…she asked for her very own copy. WOW!
mind around that.” (Again, I left you…not them…but, you are entitled to believe what you want)
I pass through many miles of farmland and the occasional rural business or country home. This is a beautiful and relaxing chunk of the highway. The roadwork itself is not as pristine as the most northern part of the LA-31, but it is not near as bad compared to most of Louisiana’s other highways. I enter Arnaudville and a sign enlightens me that the city’s sister cities are Jausiers, France and Jumelage Belgium. You overhear a lot of Cajun French still spoken in Arnaudville, I’d guess more in public than most anywhere else in Louisiana. The highway tees right over one bride, and then jogs immediately left over another – one bridge crosses the Teche and the other the Bayou Fusilier. Right after the second bridge you are back on the west bank of the Teche. I pull into Myran’s Masion de Manger. Whenever one of the multitudes of natural disasters strikes South Louisiana (hurricane, flood, tornado or Saint’s loss) folks call the brewery to see if Myran and his restaurant are OK. His small restaurant is famous for its boiled crawfish and that is what I am here for today.
Date: 18.3.2010
In the meantime, what would you add to my breakup prescription? I know many of you have been through some serious heartbreak, so share your advice in the comments!
After the match, footage emerged of an unsavoury incident, where a small number of spectators sang sectarian songs inside the Aviva stadium. Many supporters were outraged that their good name had been tarnished and wondered whether lax ticketing arrangements may have contributed.
I hate how I expressed myself to Mike. We have a policy to be open and talk about our feelings no matter what, and I'm sad I let myself get to the point I did, to express them, but in the end I'm thankful it didn't ruin us, or his intentions that he had all along. We were married 6 months later, and I couldn't be happier.
As he walked after the teen, the police dispatcher told Zimmerman he didn’t need to keep following.
I may even have the applause and respect of people the whole time, and they not have a clue I have moved ahead of Jesus.
Would the following students please meet in the library at morning break? – Maggie , Jason , Jett , Lydia , Michael , Briar , Ashton , Michelle and Jane
Ibn AlAthir said: “I remained for many years, avoiding the mentioning of this accident because of its great magnitude, disliking to speak about it, so that I put a foot forward and go another backward and thought deeply, who is there who can write the wailing and crying of the Muslims and who is there on whom it is easy to mention that …wish that my mother had not delivered (brought) me… would that I had been dead before this, and had been forgotten and out of sight… This job (work) includes the mentioning of the great event and the severe calamity which made the days and the nights extremely hard and bitter (barren) that no similar calamity will happen and that did befall (cover) the mankind and particularly the Muslims.” Ibn AlAthlr then mentioned the weaknesses of the Muslims and the empowering of their enemies over them…he said: “A woman from (the Tatars) entered a house and killed a group from its dwellers and they thought her to be a man… one of them (the Tatars) entered a street in which there were one hundred men, he went on killing them one by one, till he killed them all, and not even a single man (out of the hundred) raised his hand against him (the Tatar) to harm him and humiliation was put over the men so they did not defend themsleves neither little nor more. We take refuge with Allah (swt) from being defeated (by the enemy).” Ibn AlAthir further said: “One of the Tatar got hold of a man and he (Tatar) could not find any (weapon) to kill him, so he told the man: “Put your head over this stone and do not move (keep it on)”… and so the man put his head over the stone and remained there till the same man came with a sword and killed him… and there were many similar incidents”…
Saudi Arabia’s top auditor, Osama Al Faqih, has presented King Abdullah with a report of “massive abuse of public funds” throughout the kingdom. Faqih cited illegal spending and off-budget expenditures. From Emirates Business 24/7 earlier this week:
1-2 Gasp 2:06
DAVID LLOYD-JONES (Conductor)
because he never showed her
By the time I wait for the bus on Powell, there’s not even a hint of rain—I feel like for once I somehow beat the odds & discovered beauty.
Number five was a tough call, but in the end I settled on decathlete Tre Hardee (USA). Hardee won the two top decathlon competitions of any year – Worlds and Gotzis, scoring well over 8600 points on both occasions. He defeated all of the world’s top decathletes, including young superstar Ashton Eaton (USA) who lead the world with his 8729 Trials win. Hardee edges out Kirani James based on level of performance and degree of competition, as James elite season consisted of his four races in London, Daegu, Zurich and Berlin – solid wins but save for one in modest times for the event. Hardee is also my U.S. Athlete of the Year.
How lovely to think of my kitchen full of long braids of red onions hanging in the corners. I cannot wait to have the storehouse that is our ex-garage, full of winter squash, potatoes, onions, apples and our chest freezer full of tiny sweet peas. There is nothing like a full storehouse of food and a full shed of firewood to give you a feeling of security, especially when petrol is now £1.40 per litre. To give my American readers an idea of what that would cost from their generous gallon guzzling pumps; picture paying $10.15 per gallon! We are trading our larger car for a small used diesel compact and converting it to using biodiesel at only £1.06 per litre about $7.63 per gallon. It will also get much better mpg from this small car gaining us about 20mpg on the old one. Just in case we are keeping the other older car which uses regular petrol. Need to cover our bases as used cooking oil is getting to be impossible to find.
"Are we fighting a war on terror or aren't we? Was
until they are consumed, digested, and returned
The specific purpose of the Black Hills Wild Horse Sanctuary is to provide life and freedom to unadoptable and unwanted wild horses, and to contribute herd management research for the well-being of wild horses everywhere. The sanctuary is home to more than 600 wild Mustangs, and also a mixed herd of wild American Spanish and Sulphur Mustangs. Here's a brief lesson about wild horses in America:
Griffin earned the first Heisman Trophy in Baylor University history following a terrific 2011 season that included 4,293 yards passing, a 72.4 completion percentage, 37 touchdown passes and just six interceptions. Griffin also rushed for 699 yards and 10 more touchdowns last season in leading the Bears to a 10-3 record and a stirring 67-56 win over Washington in the Alamo Bowl. Griffin was selected No. 2 overall by the Washington Redskins in this past weekend’s 2012 NFL Draft.
Naturally, when I asked whether I may see the actual evaluation indicating all my mistakes, I was told, that information cannot be disclosed.
Good Saturday Morning!
Now while I resist the urge to mock this woman (badly, I may add) I have to wonder if she is actually onto something here.
Eh, pours like a stout. I'm actually waiting to see if it separates, and, nope. Red highlights with a nice tan head that thins but sticks.
gathered
"KTBS states that "Willis was fired by Police Chief Henry Whitehorn earlier this month for how he treated Garbarino during the whole episode, not for her injuries.""
All presentations can be seen at the link:
As you can well imagine, upon learning of the upcoming departure this past Tuesday, my little guy is crushed. You have never seen eyes get so blue. But he is his mother's son afterall! He is already planning on how to say good-bye to her so she doesn't get too sad. What tickled me was the way he said "Mom, I am sorry but I am going to need you to make A LOT of cupcakes here!" It was a very pointed statement. I smiled to myself and very seriously told him "You tell me what you need darling, and Mommy will make them!"
The only problem is that none of them would work, except with True Believers. The president has been playing to he blame card since he was sworn in and people are tired of it, and throwing a few bankers to the mob might be inconvenient in terms of revealing ties to the president and the impact on our already faltering economy. And the rhetoric? We've heard it all before.
Salads are always my go-to lunch during the week, but every now and then you'll see them appear for dinner. I made this a while back, but it's still been in the back of my mind because it was one of the best and most filling salads I've ever had. The easy honey mustard dressing really makes this something special!
A short walk from the hotel is the Chinwoo centre, a sports centre that houses an outdoor olympic swimming pool. We spent many an afternoon in the cool waters of the pool escaping from the heat and humidity of Kuala Lumpur. Its well worth a visit if you happen to be KL and at RM4 per adult a relatively inexpensive diversion!
To ignore the rise of Christianity is to be ignorant of an essential element of Western history. Likewise, to ignore the threat of Islam whose beginning is usually dated around 622 CE and which exploded following Mohammad’s death in 632 CE is to ignore the greatest threat to civilization, past and present. Less a religion than a battle plan for world conquest, Islam preaches death to all “unbelievers.” Take heed!
After lunch and a much needed caffeine pick me up we were off to pick out our new tree! As soon as we got to our local store and hit the nursery Boog spotted the loveliest lilies. I LOVE Lilies so of course they were immediately added to our shopping cart. Soon we came upon a Hibiscus plant. When Littles saw it she started to grab for it and say "my, my" over and over again until I put it in our cart. So Littles picked out our "tree" ( I think it is really a bush) and Boog picked out some flowers to add to our yard.
This morning I dressed a bit more warmly and walked over to Kinko's (now FedEx) to copy two book chapters I intend to transcribe (and the books won't lie flat) and an article from unerzogen to send to Wolfgang. As the copy machine was passing its lovely green light over one page, I realized my printer at home is a copy machine. If I were making a large number of copies, or needed two-sided copies, walking in the cold to Kinko's would've been fine. So I made my black and white single-sided copies and walked home in 38°F degree weather, feeling old.
So it was interesting to receive Vogue Living's email launching its new Before + After 2102 issue. In this email, VL offered a little editorial tease by (very kindly) allowing a behind-the-scenes peek at at a photo shoot of a Sydney penthouse apartment.
the crashing foam
The second name drawn will get my final ribbon roses piece which I blogged about here. It’s laced over stout mount board and is a dainty 4.5″ by 3″ and doesn’t include the easel, I’m afraid.
6) You can’t be sisters! That’s not fair to the rest of the family trees to have 2 peices of fruit as beautiful as you. +
salt and fresh pepper
The people of Tower Hamlets face a real tyranny. Everything in this borough is being skewed towards the ever increasing empowerment and entrenchment of a radical Muslims. Not only has historic Spitalfields been renamed "Banglatown" but there are calls to rename other wards (because Christian names "offend"), local tube stations and even streets.
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said in a joint release Sunday, “We will not rest until BP permanently seals the wellhead, the spill is cleaned up, and the communities and natural resources of the Gulf Coast are restored and made whole,” they said.
1 unknot
Grumpy is freelance writer Lee Bemrose (leebemrose@hotmail.com) Word on the street is that he's a bit of a loose cannon.
But now He was raised from among the dead. He stood in their midst and gave them commandment, “Ye shall be witnesses unto me, beginning at Jerusalem.” That very place in which He was betrayed, arrested, interrogated, mocked, scourged, humiliated, and finally crucified. Now they were going to be witnesses unto that rejected One. The word “witness” is from the Greek word martus from which we get our English word “martyr” and means one who bears witness by His death. Why did they kill John Huss? Because he was outspoken in his testimony of Jesus Christ and dared to stand against the commonly accepted views of the established church. You can trace Church History and find scores of martyrs, those who bore witness by their death. There was Polycarp, John Wyclif, William Tyndale and many others back in the early centuries and in later years. We can see how the word “martyr” relates to witnessing or testifying. We might say you can stake your life on it.
I took baby steps in the process of getting comfortable – first by liking posts which caught my attention, and then commenting (which were usually on impulse to express something).
My other tip would be that if you think your hair needs a major overhaul (eg. visible roots etc) buy a relatively inexpensive hair colour and treat your hair a night or two before the wedding, colouring your hair usually gives it a bit of extra oomph for a few days and it is a cheaper alternative than going to the hair dresser.
5. Los Brasilios - Ritmo D'Amor
In a large bowl, mash the fresh paneer cheese, add the rava,sugar,cardamom powder, raisins and cashew nuts to the cheese and mix it well using hands..
So, that's the second thing about me. If you want to come over, let me know, and we'll talk about it, and maybe I'll let you in - if a messy house doesn't freak you out. Don't pretend! But if you want, and you're OK with it, I'll let you in.
You come from God to go back to Him.- JK Guruji
117 ***9. “The Case for Supporting Israel, Chicago Sun-Times, October 21, 1973, sec. 1A, pp. 1-2. Reprinted in Congressional Record, vol. 119, p. 35985; Daily Record, pp. E7040-E7041 (November 5, 1973). (Incorporated in Item B-2, above, pp. 155-59, 305-06 (1975).)
“Look Daddy.”
This year there will be coffees. And long lunches. And midday beers. And group study sessions.
No, not really. But these are the exciting scenarios that run through my brain when I should be either focusing on the road, or on the work that I am supposed to be doing this very moment.
Like how this "beach mime" likes to eye rape beach sunbathers everyday.
Hopefully policy makers will keep this in mind when they go back to the drawing board. More importantly however, we must realise that the actual technicalities will be decided by the courts. No single executive action can attempt to define knowledge standards or exact parameters. So, more than anything, it is the duty of the judges to keep these issues in mind when the deliver the next judgement on intermediary liability for copyright infringement cases.
Hi, hope everyone had a fab weekend.
From Poughkeepsie, we drove about 40 minutes north on Route 9 to Annandale on Hudson, to Bard. The admissions office at Bard was closed on this day, but we secured a private tour with Elsa's dear friend and junior, Sophia. She showed us the student center, the admissions office, the althletic center and her suite in "The Village." Thanks, Sophia!!
O a new song, a free song,
“Out of those 30 incidents, I have not yet been able to take myself and write down all the information I needed to and been able to convey that to the Sikh Coalition. This app will allow me to do that,” said Prabhjit Singh, who is not related to Amardeep Singh.
Don't forget your XC course.
Right now, my favorite friendship in this show is progressing at just the right speed. Hyemi and Pilsook are a surprisingly grand friend-combo, and they support each other in a natural non-showy way. Hyemi holds Pilsook's hand and comforts her when Pilsook's feelings are wounded, doing what she once ought to have done for Baekhee. It may be too late for Hyemi to the do right thing by her ex-BFF Baekhee, but it's not too late to do right for somebody. And they also bond over their own humiliating moments.
HARPS
The boilerplate arguments found in this book are derived from case law. In most Response section/subsection you get a choice of boilerplate based on different cases. The boilerplate argument text is styled "Rejection Response." For many of these cases, you'll also find a "Quotable Language" section. Finally, each case includes a "Relevant Facts" discussion and a "Technology Area" category. A practitioner will find these two sections useful in choosing boilerplate which is most relevant to his particular rejection.
A couple ways to solve this problem is to not make mistakes, hide them better, or start over. Another, more tedious method is to put a paper towel under your work and soak as much dye through the back of the paper as possible (this does NOT work with all kinds of paper). Let it totally dry before you try for a second round of erasing so you don't pull more color from inside your picture. I hope this helps. Good luck with your projects!
08-26 Aalborg, Denmark - Molleparken
Roderick said all of the detainees were brought to the DEA field office at an office building in Kearny Mesa, where they were questioned, fingerprinted and photographed.
Wish me luck, and I’ll see you on the other side.
towards the future I have yet to accept.
Die Cuts: Imaginisce camp critter
the two new sister wives making themselves at home in the coop. they figured it all out immediately. this was the easiest chicken integration i have ever done. wanna see what their eggs might look like? look here and scroll down. oh baby, come on ada and mildred. i have faith in you. hmmmm...faith...that would make a nice chicken name. hey jamie....
Oh ye, of little faith!
The language is in a scottish accent (dinnae = don’t know, ma oan = my own, gaun tae = going to, etc.), bit difficult at the start but easy to pick up if you read aloud at first. There are autistic words, which I should tell you (or it would take rather long to figure it out).
* Ken Watanabe as Hibernius Tall
Dalio believes that some heavily indebted countries, including the United States, will eventually opt for printing money as a way to deal with their debts, which will lead to a collapse in their currency and in their bond markets. “There hasn’t been a case in history where they haven’t eventually printed money and devalued their currency,” he said. Other developed countries, particularly those tied to the euro and thus to the European Central Bank, don’t have the option of printing money and are destined to undergo “classic depressions,” Dalio said. The recent deal to avoid an immediate debt default by Greece didn’t alter his pessimistic view. “People concentrate on the particular thing of the moment, and they forget the larger underlying forces,” he said. “That’s what got us into the debt crisis. It’s just today, today.” Asked when he believed all this would start to come together Dalio said, “I think late 2012 or early 2013 is going to be another very difficult period.”
At four it would be time to get the children ready and we would head out to the barn to get ready to do the evening milking. Once the chores were done I would head back to the house to prepare supper while LV finished everything up in the barn and then after supper was over we would help each other wash three meals worth of dishes before heading to bed happy that another laundry day was behind me.
A 20 year-old young woman told me how she and her cousin go on. “We were so drunk,” she said beaming, “we were “so drunk we couldn’t stand.” They could not remember how they got home. I asked if they like getting drunk. “It’s social” one replied; the other ”It’s good fun.” “It is acceptable now like sex and dress.”
No, actually, who am I kidding? I’d be in there, and worry about the rest tomorrow – it’s too good to sit out.
Meanwhile, I went out with The Bad Boy last night. It was our fourth date. Bad Boy turned up looking extremely hot, wearing jeans and a tshirt with his tats out, which of course drives me crazy. He had a bit of stubble, and effortlessly cool messy hair. We went for some drinks and food at this really trendy, but chilled restaurant… Then we went to a bar for some drinks. Not one of those pretentious bars, but a chilled out one which had some live music. (Seriously hanging with him is the polar opposite of hanging out with the Banker, who would never be caught dead in that kind of establishment). We had quite a lot to drink. Anyway, when Bad Boy asked me to go back to his place, I couldn’t refuse. I haven’t been able to stop thinking about him and how fucking sexual he is. Ughhh.
As for blogs, she says it is also imperative to update regularly – something I realize needs fixing next week!
Musica put down her flute.
Truckertucker
E.
32. “Yonkers” by Tyler, The Creator
2. Love your punching bags … well I crazily do – I Love my Mother and Grandmother more than anyone else in this whole wide world.
Such love.
- March 1973 purchases Tudor Manor on 70 acres outside London for Krishna Temple
Quality is also measured by logistic
Publication Date: January 10, 2012
Fuck this shit, I’ve seen what Lindsey has written about herself and I’m buggered if she’s going to get another 10 points all about her. So, here’s 10 things about me. You can blame that Scottish bint for this.
1. (This is the most important thing.) - Healing does happen. You may not give a flip about it. It may not happen to everyone, it may not happen to you - and if it does, it may not happen consistently - but it happens. However, the thing that will ensure it does not happen, is expecting it - or expecting that you are the passive receiver, and not actively involved in creating that energy in the dance.
Today is also Candlemas, which is traditionally viewed as the day that Christ was presented at the Temple. Mary also had to go to the Temple in order to perform rites associated with recovering from childbirth, a sort of purification, if you will. It is observed 40 days after Christmas. Hey, only 324 shopping days left, slackass!
This divine energy field that envelops all of creation, and to which each of you has an eternal and unbreakable connection, is calling to you constantly – through the medium of this sublime sound – to awaken. When you take time out to quieten your minds, meditate, or peacefully and quietly observe any of the beauties that nature provides, you are making space available in which to become aware of this music calling you Home. It is always with you, waiting for you to listen for it, hear it, and respond to it, as you realize that it is telling you how dearly loved you are, and how that can never change.
Yes, somewhat too hot in summer (you learn to work around that) but with bright clear blue skies, fabulous cloud formations and colors that will amaze you it is all worth it.
Standing near 5th and Lamar, looking up, up, up;
