Thanks for stopping by,
"BORING!" you yell at me. But wait, let me finish.
I hope you had a joy-filled Easter! A priest friend of mine from Detroit gave a most thought-provoking and challenging homily to his parishioners on Easter Sunday. I found his description of a “secular Catholicism” to be quite perceptive.
The southern Africa region is also finalising discussions around credit lines for Zimbabwe which from years of misrule by long time ruler Robert Mugabe has been reduced to a basket case, with disease, starvation, violence becoming the order of the day.
stampjourney said...
First of all, they’re disappointed at the men in their country. Let’s take Thailand for an example. The portion between men and women in Thailand loses the balance, and the quantity of female is much more than that of men. So Thai men can easily get a wife while Thai women are difficult to find a husband. However, most Thai men would not satisfy with his wife. The family violence always happen in Thailand and husband are inclined to have affairs with other women. All of these hurts the feeling of the Asian women for marriage, so they turn to foreign countries for a better and healthy marriage.
If they are all so wonderful, so holy, so forgiving, so compassionate, then why do they think that it is just them who will get the big reward.
To those who are turning corners in any way, whether related to parenting matters or not, I say to you what I am saying right now to myself:
The side characters were a mixed bag for me. I had a hard time distinguishing Olivia's friends and they never really rose to Full Character Status for me. Every time one of them spoke I had to remind myself "Oh yeah, she's the one with the marker lips" or "She's the one with the acne" or "She's the other one." The most distinctive of Olivia's friends was her guy friend Johnny, but that's because he's incredibly annoying and I hated him (also, he's a guy, so that's a fairly notable trait).
1 can San Marzano plum tomatoes, diced
I swallowed. My mouth was very, very dry. "What?"
School vacation week is always fun. The girls are around. We try to do some fun things and last week was no exception. While K went to Florida to visit her grandparents, B, P and I went north to hang out with some friends.
With this new serge of anger I give him a kick and throw my hands at him in an attempt to get away from him. I feel him shrink back in surprise and I land on my feet, a new wave of pain courses through my body as I stumble on the hardwood floors. Quickly recovering from my stumble I begin to move as fast as I can towards the stairs, eyes seeing only through slits; my eyes have been beaten to the extent that they became puffy. Within three seconds he, Jack, has recovered. “You little-“ he cuts himself off as he charges towards me. My feet reach the top of the stairs as his arms grab me forcefully around the waist. I let out a yelp of pain, turning I begin to scratch at him and kneeing him in the stomach.
converts might have ended up with identical names, and needed
Viaggiatore is 4 years old today! Happy Birthday my beautiful muse! We've traveled so far; over the world, through days and weeks and years, made many friends and discoveries and had countless wonderful experiences.
I’d love to say I considered carefully which beer might go best with this pie, but in all honesty I picked one at random. All food goes with all beer. Matching is pretentious rubbish borrowed from wine bores. Pretty much any wine goes with any food too, but admitting as such would leave a quarter of an hour to fill in most TV cookery shows if they just said. “I went down Tesco and picked this one because it was cheap, it goes quite well I think, not too bad, drinkable and not at all like diesel fuel. Ummm its red, not sure where it’s from, the bottle might say. Umm, Bulgaria, is that good or bad? ”
A. As an intern, I was responsible for setting up interviews with copy editing professionals to discuss their jobs and editing expertise and for interviewing and following up with them without an intermediary, which were experiences that directly relate to what I do now.
A photo just for fun of the boy who's been noticably absent from this place for quite some time:
An article on NPR reinforced the idea of the smaller circle of friends when they discussed “Dunbar’s Number,” which says humans max-out at about 150 close connections. Beyond that number, our brains stop remembering the details that make each person unique. While 150 is no small circle, it does pale in comparison to those who have friend and follower counts of 500 or more.
The correct pace for a half-marathon based on fitness level is a deceptively comfortable one, and my biggest fear going into the race was going out at "only 6:40" pace, and then staggering in the last few miles. So the day before, I drove over my local high school track, and ran a 6:48 to get a get a good feel for target pace. At one point, I ever close my eyes while running, just to focus on rhythm and cadence. Then, I also did a few 40 yard stride-outs in my bare feet, which as I found out in a recent tempo work-out helped focus to form and kept my feet feeling fresh.
You now have an interactive bulletin board where students can match up the idiom to the image of its meaning by attaching the looped yarn to the push pin above the image of the true idiom meaning! Watch your students have fun and learn about idioms!
(2) The owner of or person in control of a public place, or employer in respect of a workplace shall ensure no ashtrays are placed within any area where smoking is prohibited.
Its only been in the last month or two that Ive taken a liking to whole bird carcasses. I’d always been a “two skinless chicken breast please” at the supermarket, kinda gal. However I wanted to eat more organic and free range meats, but the obligatory two breasts in the “free range” packaging at Coles didnt make much sense to me with its stepped up price tag. It looked the same!
With fressh garlandes, partie blewe and whyte,
We will wear hats and mittens today
I stumbled across the book about
Sales at the Widmer Brothers retail store. For the first time, Omission Beers will be available for purchase at the Widmer Brothers retail store. For every six-pack sold, Omission will contribute $1 to the cause.
but doing justice and allowing Jack Rose to really show off his incredible
-You will regret letting your “friend” call that girl a “slut” on the phone, while you did nothing about it. It’s indirect bullying, and you’ll always feel bad about it.
As Lady Gaga said, ‘This must end. Our generation has the power to change it.’ I firmly believe she’s right. We can do this by maximising the visibility of young LGBTQC everywhere. On the TV, films, the Internet and in books.
Don't you just want to bite it? Well, although beautiful with the shinny glaze and colorful garnishes it is important to remember the flavors! They should be packed with layers of flavor and not just sweet and pretty to look at! I have seen entremet with as many as 8 layers and four complimentary flavors.
The Asshole Drawer of Shame.
* Three weeks ago, ANC Western Cape secretary Mcebisi Skwatsha was stabbed in the neck at an ANC meeting in the Boland. The meeting was held following a decision of the Western Cape ANC to suspend the Boland regional executive for defiance of provincial directives on municipal matters.
Initially it is advisable know concerning the relationship choices which can be found on the net relationship site. You truly should know what type of relationship you want to have, which means, do you want to solely concentrate on discovering a model new accomplice or only a friendship. However, some providers are going to give attention to soul mate relationships corresponding to a long term companion but when you will use these type of sites you have to be aware of this reality because everybody might be on the identical page so no-one will get caught out by a nasty surprise. If you’re not likely sure about your intentions then perhaps avoiding the sites that are going to be the ‘soul mate’ sites and that means you can start off slowly and perceive what you want. Nonetheless, multi relationship services won’t be the very best to clearly know what a person is on the lookout for in a relationship.
Well played, UK, well played.
Mile 1 8:43
And I'll be damned if Pollyana McIntosh (what a name, eh?) doesn't deliver with every fiber of her being in her portrayal of The Woman. She gave a standout performance in the same role in Offspring, especially in one of those last moments where she starts eating a guy's brains out of his head, so it's great that the filmmakers had the foresight to keep her character around and center another story around The Woman. One thing I wish Lucky and crew would have done was to include subtitles for The Woman's strange made-up language. I mean, mostly you get the gist of what she's saying from her expression and gestures but especially in the part where she asks Peg for help from her father, calling her "Mother" because she is somehow able to sense that Peg is pregnant, I think it would have helped to have the subtitles to show early on the connection formed between Peg and The Woman.
L has another T.Cramer Design House original sun dress to show off.
19. Jetsons
52. Empty Glass -- Pete Townshend
Don’t Take:
Taste and add season if necessary
Anyone who is a regular reader of this here blog will know that "historic fiction" is pretty much an ever present on my reading list. My favourites include Bernard Cornwell, Simon Scarrow, Conn Igulden etc. So not surprisingly given my purchase history this novel has been "suggested" to me more than once by the robots that scour my previous purchases at the most well known of on-line bookstores. I read a quick synopsis and downloaded it.
6 tablespoons butter, melted
Ktime: I think I will whip up this macadamia nut fudge to be enjoyed this afternoon.
Starring- Jenn Proske, Matt Lanter, Chris Riggi, Diedrich Bader
CLICK HERE to read more about “One Day without Shoes.” And check out the trailer below for April 10th, 2012.
For additional entries, please do each of the following and leave a separate comment for each:
I found the little gold bird in one of the Fabulous Christmas shops and thought he might like this little home!! Cute huh!!
Sebastian,s novel response wae good. He really
Davy’s Adult Caddis is a fine bet, so are the E/C Caddis, Headlight Caddis or everyday Elk Hair Caddis. More critical is putting the fly in the right spot.
My younger brother Jimmy just came back from Arizona after completing his second phase in the Air Force. I am so proud to be a sister of two serving brothers.
Sheryl Crow - accordion
Blessed Maria Gabriella Sagghedu, a Cistercian nun of Grottaferrata in Italy, died on April 23rd in 1939. Pope John Paul II beatified her in 1983. In his encyclical on Christian Unity, Ut Unum Sint, he presented her again to the whole Church as a model of “the total and unconditional offering of one’s life to the Father, through the Son, in the Holy Spirit.”
Wolf yanked out a few more shingles, and now the rain poured into the dining room. Minnie held Wolf by her feet as she dangled into the dining room ceiling.
Or can it? Well, no. At least not here. But there were enough ghosts, mad monks, and funky sibling pairs to make a pretty kinky Showtime special. Or old Hollywood B-movie.
Ordinarily, you’re declared to accept 80 stars to accomplishment the game, but with this glitch, you can accomplishment it with 50. Go into the allowance on the third attic which contains the levels “Tick Tock Clock” and “Rainbow Ride”. Already you admission this allowance (which requires 50 stars to enter), run to your right, and ascend assimilate the added step. Angle your appearance so that they’re about center amid the bend and the bend (and accept them adverse the corner). If they’re in this position, allegation up a run, alpha running, accelerate kick, and authority adapted on the D-pad. If all goes well, you’ll accelerate into the corner, and get advance into the sky. From here, you can cross your way to the top of the amaranthine stairs while they are still endless, and admission “Bowser in the Sky”, and appropriately accomplishment the game, with abandoned 50 stars. This annihilate can aswell be acclimated to admission “Bowser in the Sky” as characters added than Mario.
Cordless Tea Kettle – Important Features
I hope you have a great day! :)
Most U.S. and Canadian magazine Publisher’s Statements for the second half of 2011 are now available in ABC’s e-Data center. Because the consumer magazine FAS-FAX report does not detail digital circulation, the recently released Publisher’s Statements give us the first chance to learn more about magazines’ digital strategies.
Misconceived – drink a double vodka (thanks to @andromedababe)
God is kind to me! Amen!
I’m really bad at committing to things……like if I say I’m going to write something on a certain day I probably won’t. I think I prefer to be more mysterious and spontaneous.
Gregory: Congress is incredibly unpopular
Capt. Robert Edward Dolan, 43, Alexandria, Va.
- Marilyn Monroe died 15 years ago;
Emerson and I had a thing at the end of last year where I would go "eeeeeee-YAH!" and she would giggle and mimic me. One time I changed this to "mmmmmmmm-MAH JONGG!" and well, that was a winner. For months, whenever I saw her she would say "mmmmmmmmm-MAH JONGG!" at me to goad me into playing the game with her. When I decided to write this post,I thought it would be fun to get a video of her saying it. And, of course, that was the day that she had no interest in our game at all. This was the best I got out of her:
Words and thoughts do not come easy
This was an emotional, oft-times gut wrenching read that once or twice sucked the breath right out of me. The characters were flawed, yes, but so well and humanly drawn. I loved Nicholas, the whirlwind, the charismatic performer who drew all into his orbit, but it was Brandon,the white knight, the damaged boy, who took up residence in my heart and soul.
Free State Brewing Co. Ironman Imperial Stout
“One can only wonder what justice is for the AG, for his actions in the Al-Islam case show he is ‘not in the interest of justice’ in any time or situation.”
Everybody’s new favorite fun game: Play in One Key, Sing in Another!
Being able to communicate with the wider public directly is vital, after all what is the point to anything we do if either nobody knows about it, or if those who report it lie?.
But things are looking better and we are home, and looking forward to doing all of this sending tomorrow! I am finally caught up again!
But it worked. And off she went. A "baby one", she explained, and another one. I don't remember the names. Shmulik said one was good. They chatted. I drove.
Mike ignored her, still intent on his nonsensical phone conversation. "Siri, can you explain poop soup?"
Next, stir in the eggs (with the dab of hot chocolate), flour, vanilla and nuts. The nuts really are optional but do add a lot to the overall taste of the pie.
Getting records transferred from Illinois. Lots of forms to fill out............
¼ teaspoon granulated garlic powder
George Martin taught me to, "Never hoard your silver bullet."
You read that right. Me Party... not Crowley Party. I guess I have been calling and having too many pity parties on the phone with my parents. See Trevor has been studying non-stop since oh...October! I have mentioned before how I now understand why they call Law Spouses, Widows.
These are 8' x 32' models with slide outs with separate front bedroom and 2 bunks at the other end. Rental trailers come complete with bathroom, shower, kitchen, range, fridge, microwave, air-conditioner, heat, flat-screen TV, and cable TV. You bring pots and pans, towels, and bedding. They comfortably sleep six.
There's gonna be a blood bathof hajis dyin' on my way,
I wish I could have brought home one of the benches or ottomans that were upholstered in kilim fabric, but I only had a limited luggage allowance. So, I focused on smaller Saudi items. There were still plenty of options! I bought small things like wooden hands of Fatima trimmed with blue tassels—now dangling from my Afghan carved box flanked by Turkish turquoise plates—squares of fabric embroidered in bright reds and oranges recycled from women’s traditional dresses, and a puzzle of a woman in niqab.
Here are the things I have often wished I could undo:
I am thrilled to introduce you to my newest TEEN HERO! This beautiful 17 year old has made an impression on the lives of everyone she meets.
All fossil records refute the Darwinists who maintain that living things gradually descended from one another. But fossils show that living things appeared suddenly and with all their complete and flawless structures, and that they never changed for as long as they existed. This clear evidence of God’s creation can never be explained by evolutionists.
Like the pilgrims, most of us have fought the storms, banished the threats, overcome the fears and made covenants of friendship with God and each other. We are all pilgrims walking an earthly path on the way to a heavenly land where we will be giving thanks for all eternity.
Poor Ann Coulter. She's been kind of marginalized since the wingnuts have found fruitier loops in the box. Far fruitier. Even though the new breed, Palin, O'Donnell and Bachman have trouble generating a tweet between them and can't answer a direct question on any topic without resorting to Constitution, freedom or momma-somethings, they seem to have reduced Ann to a vague web presence and syndication in two bit small town newspapers (which counts for balance in these parts - point and counterpoint with Eugene Robinson - god help us). Even though Ann has managed (I assume on her own) to write whole books full of incoherencies and an actual column with real words and everything. Sad, really. Her desperate aging fame-whoredom reminds me of an aging hooker strutting around in her muffintop hot pants trying to get a reaction out of someone, anyone. At best Coulter's attempts at vitriol elicit the same confused and vaguely nauseated reaction as Wolf Blitzer and Chris Coons had during the debate.. Liberals? Yeah, I've heard of them. Kind of like the Whigs or something, right? But she gamely keeps applying the face paint and pressing on, hoping for some sort of reaction. Here's one, more out of pity than anything else:
"One wonders why this case has taken so long to get to court as five years is unreasonable in the extreme?"
The boss requests an employee to do some extra work over the weekend. The employee has already planned a family trip on the weekend. How does the employee communicate his concern to the boss.
People will look, some of them stare,
Oh, and book covers – I love looking at covers.
I can hardly believe it. In three more short years, we’ll be making jokes about double digits and writing 10 instead of spelling out the word. You don’t want to think about that though - getting older seems to scare you a bit. I talk about great experiences still to come - overnight camp, high school, driving cars - and you’re not all that eager. But then you talk about being a fashion designer and living on your own in New York City, and it’s so far off that it excites you, but it will all happen too quickly for me.
Several foreign journalists hoping to cover Bahrain’s Formula One Grand Prix were stopped at Manama airport last week and deported as the government tried to limit coverage of unrest during the motor racing tournament.
Your admired character:
As I was sewing, I noticed that although the quilt is predominantly red/grey/black, there were little splashes of yellow dotted throughout. My little yellow bird is getting told off by the owl here, I think, maybe for sitting on the furniture...
Soraya was condemned to death by stoning. I cannot take off my mind the images of that woman as she bade goodbye to her two little daughters. I cannot forget her quiet strength as she walked to her point of death. I can never forget the look in her eyes as she stood before her community and asked them “How can you do this to me. I was your neighbour, your friend, your daughter, your mother, your wife. I cleaned your houses. I was with you and you act as if you do not know who I am.”
"Living outside the box"!
Coming up next….Kazarian vs Bobby Roode. And still to come, Sting Vs Flair one more time. If Sting wins, he gets Hogan, if Flair wins, Sting is done.
On reading this article, you may think that my opinion of Obama’s approach to the Palestinian bid for statehood is overly aggressive and perhaps even slightly belligerent. But on spending the summer there, I witnessed a disgusting display of human rights abuses by the Israelis and it is an experience I will not hastily forget.
Hindon traveled inland to the Transvaal Republic where he became a stonemason and later a police officer. He assisted the Boers against Leander Starr Jameson who, under orders from Cecil John Rhodes, tried to take the Transvaal Republic and its gold deposits by force. Hindon was rewarded for his loyalty to the Boer government with citizenship.
Looking through all these videos, I have to paraphrase something Glenn Gass said about The Beatles in 1966: The Kinks circa 1977 look so cool. When I was younger, I thought Dave was the shit. I still do.
I suppose if mice don’t bother me tonight and I don’t get eaten by a bear, I’ll have to concede Frenchy’s point.
Now, for those of you about to sharpen your pitchforks and fire up the torches, you might begin the assault by crying ‘who the hell are you to pass judgment on all of us?’ In answer to that question, I resort to another Rand quote: “words do have exact meanings.” While assuming that you’re even capable of rational thought amidst the fog of rage, I ask this of you: Please examine your question carefully. I am just one individual human exercising his right, as an individual, to express his opinion. For you to have asked such a question, in such a tone, means that you are not thinking as an individual, but acting instead as part of a mindless herd, hell-bent on stampeding over the cliff into oblivion. Rather than looking into yourself to find the actual cause of your frustration – and the means to deal with it – you would rather lash out and destroy anyone and anything that reminds you of the truth you seek to deny. But you cannot destroy reality. You can only destroy yourself.
The version now available to the public cannot be viewed in such a manner.
Sample Size: 750ml brown bottle
“Ehmm, you know it is a very good question, but it is not that easy and evident, you see in art you should have this ambiguity which does not directly point you to a problem, but in fact it leaves it upon you to decide…” Mr. Spock said.
I came here purely out of a desperate need.
Richmond B.C. is launching 365 days of dining and Kelly has been shortlisted. She’s in the final 12.
The Edinburgh Fringe, this year, seems determined to become a laughing stock world-wide, not just in Britain.
2010.07.23 Dagestan Chernyaevka 2 4 Children are among the casualties when Muslim gunmen open up on a school bus in one of two separate attacks.
If you're a marketing director, it's your fault because you didn't go back to your agency and say "you know what, I know this is what we briefed, but we all know it's a bit shit, I don't want to say to my family that I put this into the world, let's try again"
- Etam
-red onion
*The difficulty of the drills is adaptable to ensure a smooth and steady learning curve.
Resolved, 4th. That we extend to the family an relatives of our deceased brother our heartfelt sympathies, praying upon them the guidance and protection of our common Heavenly Father.
The perfect section for down at The old Nursery - where cooking for a crowd is the norm. Ohh yes, we could be very happy with these cards - they are beaming with promise. And if it's a disaster ... hello Bundie pub, or the Sutto - dear friends.
In the light of the Gospel.
It used to be that the people who live in my complex were a little more subtle than they are now. When I used to go out, I’d hear a lot of horns beeping, a lot of door slamming, people throwing their garbage away, always. I know they’re all spies and snitches and report everything I do, but it wasn’t as in my face as it is now. Now, I can’t even go out to throw my garbage away without having almost everyone in the complex making believing he/she just has to do something when I step out. Like they have to go outside to smoke their cigarette, just have to pass my door going absolutely nowhere, etc. And then I watch them as they run to the office and report to the dirt-bag complex manager that I’m just standing outside. They don’t want me to even go outside my door anymore. They want to keep me imprisoned in my apartment. Well, I’ll continue to go outside and stand in front of my door. They can keep running to the dirt-bag complex manager and report me. They don’t scare me. And I’ve decided, the only way the freaks are going to keep me quiet, is to kill me, because I will not back down. And I would not put it beyond them to kill me.
Then it was a supply now we have to see it as SOLD to us and not it is once was simply supplied to us.
Summer Apricot and Almond Tart
And as we walked, we talked and we talked.
Also, this post is prepared ahead of time and I’m telling you this and ruining the illusion because I’m seeing The Hunger Games tonight and I’m very, very excited. I will probably be exuberant about it tomorrow if you catch me on G+, Facebook, or Twitter. I read the entire trilogy a few weeks ago and I loved it. The movie looks amazing. I’m kind of squeeing, at least as much as my sardonic and stoic countenance can squee.
UWA Architecture & Fine Arts Library, Perth WA…. some of that material is irreplaceable. Sure, it may be insured… but follows is months of cataloguing and inventory and insurance claims and clean up and resealing… thats months without all those texts! I smell some very unhappy students….
"Bazzil cardstock", some "PP paper", Cheery Lynn "Fanciful Flourish".
-Potassium: we need 3gr per day;
Sounds like pancreatitis. Inmate Pollard needs a low-fat diet, but from his photo, it doesn’t look as though he’s been keeping kosher.
Hidden around the hop on SEVEN of the blogs are Girl Land
2) He will not leave his partner – so having grand illusions of the two of you running along some sunny beach somewhere isn’t worth your while.
4.Move On Down The Line (Phillips)
Skirt: Marks and Spencer.
Have you been here too? Reading, rereading, fiddling with words? Eating chocolate and polishing again to make yourself feel like you're getting somewhere?
My poor father and mother work super hard to put me through school and send me overseas even when I say “Mom and Dad, its expensive and I am not the gifted child, I should study local.”
pah-tee dun? pah-tee dun!
Happy Friday Crafters!
and with a drizzle of caramel sauce
The Winter Fest is smaller than the other fests they do; about 550 people, and eleven breweries were there, and a pretty hot blues band. Cathy and I did a quick recon of the breweries represented at the event, and picked Mudhook and Evil Genius as our two best, most interesting breweries to talk to (partly because they're pretty new, partly because the brewers were actually there...and partly because the light was really good there).
As I struggled through my own days as a mom to two children only one year apart and an extra-needs foster baby, I became one mom on the inside and another on the outside. I was sad, scared, angry, guilty where no one else could see and a happy, cheery homeroom mom when everyone else was looking.
EZstringer is a cool new product that restrings any drawstring in a manner of seconds back into clothing. As seen on the Discovery channel's, Pitchmen Show, and in Real Simple magazine as the problem solver of the month!
I never knew that my life with a two year old could be summed up in two pictures that were taken, literally, less than 10 second apart.
Reread that sentence above. Now compare that to a Big 6 publisher, who only makes a profit on 1 out of 5 books they publish.
An antique chair has held many curled up dreamers, lost in other worlds.
It will look great tucked in an old cupboard or in a trencher with a bunny and some eggs!
Translation for anyone who grew up in the 80s: Chicken breasts swimming in Campbell's Cream of Mushroom Soup.
FYI ON THE EMAIL FROM KRANTI SANGIVANE:
Awe. Poor us. Poor me. Poor world. I have no clue where this bug came from. I had been taking my herbal pills, and drinking my healthy green barley juice, before I got sick.
In a nonstick pan, heat oil over medium heat. Add garlic and shallots and stir until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add grated zucchini, and stir until just softened, another 3-4 minutes. Remove from heat.
It may take a little longer to build …. but most definitely not coming down at all too easily.
Hermel walked over to the henchman with the brown hair who was still lying bleeding on the floor. His name, by the way, was Bren Wallowcats; a cheat and liar he’d been since his earliest years. Hermel bent down and using his mystic power of 'Earth Healing', put his hands on the man’s wound, and with a stone he’d pulled from a pouch in his pocket in his right hand, invoked the Elkron of the Earth, Minvar, to heal the villain. There seemed a golden glow for a few moments; the man began to breath more evenly, and the blood began to flow less as the gaping gash in his side closed up wherever the stone touched it. He closed his eyes, and thanked Hermel under his breath.
Goals for future work
Day 7!! One week into the challenge!Yippee!! I know we can make it now. It has been so much fun creating and trying new recipes for my family. Princess is picky though. So I have to have some staples around for her. Today she was still home sick. So, I spent my day doing chores, cleaning, laundry, taking care of the plants inside and out, and gardening.
There was a way for these two sides to live in balance. You can be a person who encompasses both.
Gypsy With a Song, Django Reinhardt
I think the movie deserves 3 stars, for a noncomic book geek like myself, the movie is not the appealing (unlike Iron Man of course).
Went for a digital perm two weeks ago and my hair is really really bad now. I am sorry hair T___T. Since I can't find any Essential shampoo in local stores and online Malaysia blogshop, so I had to give a try on this Tsubaki shampoo and conditioner first. Hopefully they will work their magic on my super damage hair.
If you want to stick to your diet plan… You have to plan that includes foods that you enjoy.
Early man hews. Later man smelts. Modern man conquered. Recent man electrifies. Post-modern man programs. Voice recognition invites sloth and decay. Future man only speaks. Will he become underman?
1. Add the Versatile Award photo on a blog post
I'm sure this book doesn't need any introduction, given that it has been surrounded by the hype monster for quite some time! I actually received this one for Christmas, but was planning to wait until all the hype died down before reading it. I really hope it lives up to all of my expectations.
A: We'll let our authors answer that question.”
Zindagi Zindabaad!
In the last few weeks I have relived many memories, gut wrenching and painful at times. The abuse suffered ends with me! It is a promise I made to my dear and lovely children, Armont and Ariana. They will never have to experience the pain and memories of the kind of verbal and mental abuse, or the physical beatings and sexual abuse I endured at the hands of my perpetrator; my mother.
"Well it was in the diary to repeat Friday but okay.....OH no." I say, "I was sick on you!"
This post ran a lot longer than expected, so I'll fill you in on the ZZ Top concert I went to Saturday night at another time.
call it "the Max Levine Ensemble." Me and Bepstein had been playing Green
The New Breed of Lawyer: The Rise of the Legal Executive
2) Distilling each talk into one takeaway
Dear Ms. Grosser:
I truly hate this. For the past few weeks, I have been having a very difficult time getting to sleep. I lie down with the full intention - and desire - to sleep, but it remains quite elusive. Instead, I'm burdened with thoughts. Lots and lots of thoughts. They just keep coming, no sooner am I able to resolve one, then another one comes. And if there's something I forgot to do that I should have, I will obsess on it. And I find weird things to obsess on as well. Lately I have this bizarre fear that someone will come into our house and kill us all. Yeah, I know! Where the FUCK does that come from??
“O son of Kuru’s race, I will, however, describe to thee the island called Sudarsana. This island, O king, is circular and of the form of a wheel. It is covered with rivers and other pieces of water and with mountains looking like masses of clouds, and with cities and many delightful provinces. It is also full of trees furnished with flowers and fruits, and with crops of diverse kinds and other wealth. And it is surrounded on all sides with the salt ocean. As a person can see his own face in a mirror, even so is the island called Sudarsana seen in the lunar disc. Two of its parts seem to be a peepul tree, while two others look like a large hare. It is surrounded on all sides with an assemblage of every kind of deciduous plants. Besides these portions, the rest is all water.”
This prompted yet another decision. With so many choices, which charity should I pick? Staying true to my goal of moving aboard I decided that the Chesapeake Bay Foundation would be my choice. They work for a better environment and for all the creatures living in it.
So, Dad, tell Mom I’ll be meeting potential husbands soon. I’m sure she thinks I am going to run off and become a vigilante or something, go to some other colony like Progress Point or some other liberal place with free woman that dance all night and have careers during the day. I’m sure she’d find me and drag me back to civilized society. She doesn’t have to now.
Right. And we snap back to reality.
Next, smile. The fleshy part that rises up beside your nose is the best place to apply blush as these are the apples of the cheek. Apply a peachy or pink blush with a medium sized blusher brush on this area just above the line of bronzer. Nars Orgasm is the classic blush but Bourjois little round pot of blusher is another classic that has fared just as well.
But in truth, the exchange, especially one in which a brewery finds a subsequent use for the spent grist, then in turn uses products the grain helped enable, well that makes a brewery something more than just a beer factory, and a brewpub something more than just a place to eat and drink.
OK I lie .. In return for my sharing these gems with you, I challenge you to read one (or more!) and post a comment about your fave. Ready? GO for it!
In a portrait, for me, they are either in or out, no half measures!
They arrested her passenger — Michael James McCoy Jr., 22, of Lakeland — on a charge of possession with intent to sell cannabis.
1) Whisk ingredients (A) for about 3 minutes till creamy with flowy consistency. Set aside.
9 lb. Weyermann Pilsner, 9 lb. Maris Otter Crisp, and 2 lb. White Wheat Malt on the grain bill. I performed a single-step mash. For hops, I used Tettnang and Hallertau Mittelfruh hop flowers for that "Noble" nose. I used my "secret" Kölsch yeast, and pitched a healthy starter. It's bubbling away in the glass fermenter like crazy, and should be ready in time for my friend's BBQ date.
At first a bad example. It's ok to be proud of your felt slippers when you are a beginner and these where your first ones. Than I will be happy with you and perhaps give you some advice for the next time if you prefer.
I was thinking of my daffodils while I was at the Symphony Syracuse concert at the Capitol on Sunday. Many of us know of the troubles that the Syracuse Symphony went through; we all watched them weather the hardships, wondering if they, too, could persevere. Listening to the musicians play on Sunday with the Stan Colella Orchestra, I knew that they, too, were like daffodils in many ways. They were perennial, providing great concerts year after year. They were plucky; the musicians reformed Symphony Syracuse when the Syracuse Symphony was dissolved, taking a significant pay cut to ensure that audiences in our region continue to enjoy classical and popular music. They also help to make life more beautiful, and help us forget our troubles.
I am so excited for my birthday! Bummed I won't be able to get my license until mid-June at the earliest, but hey. Can't focus on that, right?
Share everything.
After another quick push she was out...I just remember saying "it is a girl, right?!"
without leaving mine.
This is the sort of thing I ponder when I’m on the toilet.
LOL... kind of sounds like the beginning of a Dr. Seuss book... huh?
Here is a theoretical look at what abstract art is:
But for much of Washington’s political class, the shocking new poverty numbers provoked not alarm about the poor but further debate over tax cuts for the middle class.
You are driving. Someone flips you off. What is the best reaction?
I added a few of the flowers I had left over on the inside, you can not see those flowers from the front.
today is mr. jim's birthday and i was so busy today and could not make this post earlier and so i thought i would do it in the early evening but alas!...bernie and i were so busy going to the door and popping in cans of coke into the trick or treat kids bags and now at nine o'clock, i finally have the time to wish to you mr. jim a very happy birthday and i hope that you have many more!
A Boy at the Beach (Inspired by the picture of the little boy)
Gott worked with Dr. Strolger on a project titled UBVRI Optical Monitoring of Supernova 2011fe in the Pinwheel Galaxy with the 1.3-meter Robotically Controlled Telescope. Gott has been examining data from an exploding star that has been one of the most important supernovae in recent history. Measuring its brightness over time will provide vital information about more distant supernovae being used to measure the expansion history of the universe — the subject of the recent Nobel Prize in physics, in which Dr. Strolger played a role.
Denim: J Brand
And I think there are better stories about BDSM. Ann Rice, under the name Ann Rampling wrote a trilogy about Sleeping Beauty full of both pleasure and pain that I found fascinating even while I found some of the sex acts repelling. I’m not going to get into my sexual preferences, that’s between me and the boyfriend and the dining room table.
Thank you for your email with regard to your ebay listing. You are correct when you say that the Me to You stamps you purchased are a genuine Carte Blanche product. However purchasing our Me to You stamps does entitle you to create your own cards for your own personal use but it does not entitle you to produce items to then sell for your own commercial gain. We would therefore request that you cease this activity and we recommend that you review the guidance on both eBay and the patents office website.
high because help could
And every breathing thing,
Father, I thank You
If anything, the approaching experience may be the harsher of the two. What Nietzche was saying, stripped of his ornate imagery, was that the people of Europe in his time no longer believed in the Christian myths and doctrines they claimed to accept, and needed to own up to the anthropocentric cult of power that had become their actual religion. That may have been true; still, it’s one thing to realize that you no longer believe things you were raised to think were good and right and true; it’s quite another, and far more devastating, to believe in something with all your heart and have it disproved right in front of your eyes. The religion of progress claims to be justified by works, not faith; during the three centuries or so of technological expansion, the apparent confirmation of the myth gave it immense strength; as the age of progress ends and we enter on three centuries or more of technological regress, the resulting body blow to our culture’s fondest beliefs and hopes will dominate the cultural psychology of an age.
With the bill, of course, came a set of two fortune cookies.
This is a Martha Stewart craft...aren't they FABULOUS??? One of the few things that I have of my Mom's is her sewing box...and it comes complete with one of those old fashioned pin cushion tomatoes (with the pins still stuck exactly where she placed them).
The members of Rocky Mountain Paranormal Society – while interested, even impassioned, believers in the paranormal – do not find evidence of ghosts every single time. They seek phenomena with varying results, the same as everybody else. They investigate claims of paranormal or psychic events with the goal of investigating – nothing more. If their investigation points to the paranormal, they say so; if it doesn’t, they explain why it doesn’t. Unlike others in the field, they seem perfectly contented with a banal explanation.
did blogs about them both.....
susceptible to strong emotion; emotional: an intense person.
A momentum is occurring
Several decades ago a male researcher did a project in which he gave a bunch of blocks to kindergarten kids and told them to build bridges. The boys built bigger, better bridges than did the girls. From this he concluded that boys had a better understanding of the work ethic, were more industrious, and some other stuff. So a lot of years go by and a female researcher repeats the study but she watches to see what the girls are doing. What she sees is that the girls are (a) sharing blocks, and (b) helping each other. Instead of competing they are working together; instead of building bridges they are building working relationships.
ANYWAY, to celebrate, we're doing a giveaway!! There will be two winners and each winner will receive 2 yards of a fabric of their choice each. (A $240 value each) I decided upon 2 yards because it's good amount for a couple of pillows, a body pillow or for framing fabrics like I did in this project a while back.
Tomorrow I’ll try and remember to do a picture life update, I keep getting comments from people complaining at me because I haven’t done one in a while. I’ll try and remember.
We listened to a recording of our performance at the Unitarian Fellowship on February 1. And sat there in silence afterward for a long, long time.
Once all this is done and I am happy with the model I will start to look at adding custom 2d animation and possibly 3d. I will then package it up and make it available to view in some form.
Researching: The origins, development, and role of feudalism in medieval society
I'm anticipating many tiresome comments about how both these beers are shit, boring and bland, made by big corporations, and that it's a bad thing they're on TV. My answer to that would be that these beers, and these ads, are not aimed at people who write beer blogs and drink in craft beer bars. We're fine - we don't need to be told that real ale is a decent drink or that pubs are nice places to be. No one who is already drinking great craft beer is going to suddenly start switching to Bombardier or Greene King IPA as a result of these ads. The useful job that big brands can do is bring more novices into ale for the first time - and remind people how great pubs are. With nearly £10m being spent advertising real ale over the next few months, this is fantastic news for beer as a whole - whatever you choose to drink yourself.
Last Wednesday was a strange day because fear was in the air. I started to know they fired many people on Monday (even after signing contract las Friday!!!) and on Wednesday and Thursday still the HHRR guys were calling people saying (no reason) they should go to our main office in Tower I asap.
This is why there is not only a democracy of objects where every object is on equal ontological footing despite there being hierarchy and inequality among units, but also a democracy in objects. In Irreductions Latour notoriously says that “we will never do better than a politician” (1.2.1). Here Latour is referring not to state leaders (though them too), but objects or actants in general. Every entity that enters into relations with other entities is a politician insofar as it must navigate the tendencies or singularities of the other entities to which it relates. But not only this. Every objects must navigate the units of which it is composed. Docile bodies are never a reality, but always a dream (for some despicable units). The sub-units always have their own say and their own aims or tendencies, such that every harmony is only provisional. It is for this reason that every unit is fraught with unit-specific entropy from within. The sub-units out of which a unit is composed always threaten to fall apart, such that constant activity or operations are required for the unit to continue or endure. But it also follows from this that the units that emerge out of sub-units are never simple masters of what they become. The components that compose a smart phone contribute every bit as much to what that smart phone becomes as the engineers that designed the smart phone. The engineers had their idea of how the phone should be composed, the parts or sub-units had their “idea”. This is because the structure of the various parts and the tendencies that dwell within their parts go in directions that the engineer must navigate. Suddenly the engineers find themselves faced with problems and constraints that make the phone as finished product go in a very different direction than they intended. As a consequence, teleology or aims are never fully our own. Rather, teleology is an emergent feature of a public composed of the humans and nonhumans in interaction with one another.
- A snapshot of the global therapeutic scenario for Burns.
Manto Tshabalala-Msimang – Minister, South Africa,
If ethnic tourism is inherently suspect, so is the despoilation we ecotourists are trying to escape, if it’s without checks or balances. So is one-party rule without media watchdogs. All sides of the equation are troubling.
A background check on the couple’s history revealed one battery domestic violence case against Isalgue in 1998 with the Orange County Sheriff’s Office. Police said the charges were dropped due to declination to prosecute.
These particular recordings were made in 1938 and 1944 by a number of groups mostly drawn from the musicians who played at Nick's Tavern in Greenwich Village. What they played was sometimes called Chicago-style (as mentioned) and sometimes "Nicksieland" jazz. They were inspired by the early jazz bands such as the Original Dixieland Jass Band and the slightly later New Orleans Rhythm Kings. (One of the trombonists on this record, George Brunies, was a founder of the latter group.) Although inspired by earlier groups, these players generally employed less collective improvisation and more soloing, as is shown on the record at hand. Group improvisation is mainly heard on "Skeleton Jangle," which was written by the ODJB's Nick LaRocca. You can contrast the ODJB to the Hackett ensemble below. The ODJB recording is drawn from this post.
20g Warmed Evaporated Milk
Of gas shells dropping softly behind.
And speaking of Christmas loot... remember this post I did about a beautiful tray that Super Mom got me?? I was giving you a sneak peek... well abode lovers, peek no more. Are you wondering why the heck the freaking thing isn't hanging on the wall???
1235. Whole Grilled Shrimp & Poached Pear @ Teresa’s Next Door (Wayne, PA) 7:12 p.m.
We have all been there, freely expressing our wants. Crushes and heartbreaks, great sex, bad sex, the partner we wished we had, the one we once loved but now hate, the one we are with and no longer want. But what is behind the roller coaster of sexual desire and how does it fit in with our spiritual path?
Happy you write
BYU and it's a little crazy for me. I can't believe my baby
The first is the series lead and star Rachel Nichols as Kiera Cameron.
Richard Montgomery 19, Rockville 8
The Polar Express by Chris Van Allsburg--A little boy is swept away on a train late at night to the North Pole. Another modern day classic read aloud this time of year.
This is not to say that he will not become deserving at a later point in time but that is irrelevant right now.
Take talent. Metros with populations of between 1 million and 4 million have twice as many engineers and scientists per capita as do metros of fewer than 1 million. Larger cities also offer more access to equipment and even to places like Starbucks for a chance meeting. That's particularly important for those in nascent fields who often require ample help to figure out their next step.
I don’t know whether people who practice homosexuality are going to heaven or not. That’s really not my business, it’s between them and God. No one else, and I wish people would stay out of it. Just love them, they’re going through a hard enough time without you condemning them.
“Such statements are not only antithetical to the clear mission of the United States Air Force Academy, they are totally anathema to the purportedly globally inclusive purpose of this National Prayer Luncheon,” Weinstein wrote in a letter to Gould and Defense Department officials.
I would really love it if you would all scroll down the page to the last post (which everybody has missed because of my blog problems) and read all about the wonderful 'Do good Stitches' charity bee!
So here is my lesson and how we solve word problems:
volleyball and soccer. It was like reliving my childhood where I got
Publication Date: 2008
Current work: revisions on Vienna book (nearly, nearly, NEARLY there)
All sorts of thoughts had run through my head on whether it should be oriented toward pitching mechanics, maybe talking about what Eric and I are doing together that separates us from other Elite Baseball Development programs, or maybe even a tidy little piece about who I am. Lucky for us, though, we have Eric’s business partner Pete around, and he conveniently gave me my first blog topic on Saturday.
When she got back to the Dining Room, she found a vampire standing there. He was holding his hands out as if preparing to grab her by the throat. “Shit!” she cried and the envelopes flew from her hands.
*Go to a water park.
Many ideas came out and were shot down, until Sundance declared everyone too tired to think and sent them all to bed. Zephyr helped her put a shield around the house and Ronan carried his daughter into Sundance’s room, so Ash would not have to sleep alone. Ronan knew he would sleep better with Sundance watching over Ash. Everyone went to bed, drained of emotion, and worn down to the bone. Ronan checked all the windows and doors one last time as he shut off the lights. Warm hands found him in the dark hallway as he made his way to the room Hero and Jane shared before they went to their master witches. Ronan pulled Sundance close and kissed her in the dark; the dark which he used to never feared and once actually loved. He always loved the stars which peppered it with light without overcoming it. Moon and stars filled it, but it always remained dark. Now the dark, even with Sundance’s kisses, filled him with a pulsing dread. He had learned that, while no monsters lurked under his bed, many lurked in the edges of the darkness, all too willing to destroy the weak, non-magical humans.
Notes: Blank stare is a must.
Divorce is one of those things, like many in Saudi Arabia, which is exceedingly easy for men to obtain, but quite difficult for women to achieve. When a Saudi man wants a divorce, all he is required to do is to simply say “I divorce you” three times in front of a couple of witnesses (male, of course). However when a woman initiates the divorce in this country, she is required to go through the legal process in court before a male judge, and prove her case, which may or may not result in her desired outcome. Also, for the divorce to be granted, the woman is almost always required to repay the full amount of the dowry paid to her or her family when she was originally married, which could be a considerable amount, and even though she may have been married for many years.
The sentiment at the bottom of the yellow stripes is from gina K sentiments (can't remember which...says happy birthday) and is on a spellbinder that is only half showing.
My love of knee-high boots and cashmere scarves aside, fall still comes in second to my favorite season,
Mayall: It went from the vomit it corridor to the vomitorium.
Review copyright Sue's Book Reviews, 7th May 2012
I have been furiously working on a new project the last couple of weeks (stay tuned for an announcement about that!) and as a result I haven't checked in with my favorites much. I was trying to work my way through the backlog on everybody (a two day process for Chateau Thombeau alone!), when I arrived at the always fascinating and informative Poseiden's Underworld. It was there that everything started spinning, turning purple and going dim when I read that while studying at the American Academy of Dramatic Art, Grace Kelly was a classmate of Don Rickles!!!
Schedule: 12-17.30
A nap of 60 minutes improves alertness for up to 10 hours. Research on pilots shows that a 26-minute "Nasa" nap in flight (while the plane is manned by a copilot) enhanced performance by 34% and overall alertness by 54%. One Harvard study published last year showed that a 45-minute nap improves learning and memory. Napping reduces stress and lowers the risk of heart attack and stroke, diabetes, and excessive weight gain.
PS: I just remembered I bought a Sonic Free Riders game when it was buy two get one free. Can’t walk past a bargain like that. So, there is one non-sporty game in my collection.
+ SICK DJ’S
Most of Lower Dover Jungle Lodge’s shopping is done at Spanish Lookout, a short 10 minute drive (even though its right across the river). If any guests are trying to see the community first hand, hop along for a ride and see what the buzz is all about!
Right, back to what I came here for! I got a message today from the lovely Joan that I had been awarded the Versatile Blogger Award! Yay! Thank you so much Joan! :D So I am to follow the rules, which are:
I downloaded the pattern for free from here (the Anna pattern). It's a great pattern and is easy peasy. It's an all in one so there's no need for seam sewing. The pattern only goes up to a size two but because Ivy is petite I knew the pattern would probably fit her.
Jawbreaker, Tigers Jaw, The Progress, Braid, and American Football.
- To soften hard furniture edges or fireplaces, look for pipe insulation in a home improvement store. Lots cheaper and more variety in color than what they sell in baby stores!
Even with the bad health that has challenged me, I do have a lot of good health too. For that, I am grateful.
First all the ingredients (bar the chocolate, bizzarely) go in a bowl:
There are few people who fit the bill. Church pastor Bishop Wayne Malcolm and SOUL radio head-honcho Merlin Emanuel are among them. Both are great communicators with a deep political perspectives but may be reluctant to enter party politics. Yet people like them carry a great deal of grassroots credibility. If the party want future stars like that the recruiting will have to be done at a high level to have any chance of getting them on board.
The face stamps are from Peachy Keen Stamps.
Which they invariably did.
Also, this year you will note that many online retailers have free shipping. You can take advantage of this to send needed items to the shelter.
But I wasn’t prepared to see a calf in the road. And a nice red calf was EXACTLY what I saw. The red calf was in the northbound lane, and I was southbound, going about 10. As I got alongside it, the youngster, weighing about 400 pounds, bolted off into the cornfield on the east side of the road.
WRITERS’ STATEMENT
Madurai International Airport which is 140Km from Munnar by (National Highway 49).
into each other’s eyes
Unlike type 1, where insulin is lacking, the primary symptom in T2DM is insulin resistance. When food is consumed the carbohydrate is broken down into glucose, which circulates in the blood before being used for energy or stored. As blood glucose levels rise, insulin is secreted by beta cells in the pancreas, and insulin is what facilitates the exit of glucose from the bloodstream. (I've written a post about this before). Because people with T2DM are resistant to the action of insulin, the levels of glucose in the blood remain higher for longer, and more insulin is secreted to try and deal with it, so levels of insulin are also high.
Shazam! He just exudes confidence doesn't he? He's got his cocky stance and his balled fists, not to mention his flowing hair and bulging muscles, all of which say he owns his nakedness and dares us to find fault in his physique. He's all "my twig and berries are so hot if you but kneel in their general vicinity you will be set aflame, forever branded by my glorious peen and my obvious sexual magnificence." Well said Fire Wolf, well said.
(and yes, I'm smiling even though I'm sleep deprived from newborn feedings!)
– No, I didn’t mean the clowns themselves,
No one could have seen you
“Hey, just let it go,” I told him in the calmest way possible.
Mom loved to plant bulbs...
because I am already here, I will
“Lighthaven.” He had an unusual rolling accent. Something flashed feral-green in those piercing blue eyes, and she felt his jaw shift against her hand. “’Tis safe?”
Leave me when I’m committed to your dishonesty
8 When Shade Was Born 1:30
However, an earlier version of the tale was written by a Neapolitan soldier, Giambattista Basile, in the early part of the 1600s, while he was serving the Venetian Republic.
Sometimes, they will remember what you had last time.
COMBINE flour, baking soda and salt in small bowl. Beat butter, granulated sugar, brown sugar and vanilla extract in large mixer bowl until creamy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Gradually beat in flour mixture. Stir in chunks and nuts. Drop by rounded tablespoon onto ungreased baking sheets.
Have you ever used a portable DVD player in you car? This piece of equipment, which is a product of modern technology, is truly an amazing form of entertainment. Using a transportable DVD player can help you drive with peace of mind knowing that your children can be in full silent watching their favorite movies.
The Virtue Clue Cards are one of the smallest items that We Choose Virtues sells.
3WW...growl hype justify
“It has been decided to integrate both the Aadhar and the PAN database which will help the agencies to maintain a correct database for ensuring two things.
Try as I might, I was not able to get MyHeritage to recognise a picture of Val Kilmer as Batman. From this we can assume one of two things – either MyHeritage refuses to acknowledge anyone but Kilmer in the role, or MyHeritage is as much of a Clooney fan as we discovered earlier.
3: More cross investing. Great idea. Expecially with the JV of the three exchanges, this could be good.
Now, you will notice from the title that it is a vegan hop. Don't be scared by this! I encourage all non vegans to enter and to embrace lovely vegan soups! Soups are not a difficult vegan challenge (even for those frightened by vegan food!) because there are so many delicious vegetable, grain and pulse soups out there! To clarify for any non vegans out there: a vegan soup must be free of: meat (this includes meat based stocks), milk, cream, eggs, cheese, butter and honey. Everything else is good to go!
The one tragedy that occurred with this recipe is that the container I held it in broke. It was one of my brand new spice jars from World Market. You might have heard about my tough morning on my facebook post, but here's the story again: I was preparing a pork loin to go in my crockpot, and as I was putting the spices away the jar holding this spice mix fell off the shelf, and in a freak accident landed on the rim of the crockpot, then the backsplash of my counter, and then broke on the countertop. There was a hole in the side of the jar and the spices poured out. At least the pork loin wasn't harmed...I had just finished preparing it and I was afraid it would be ruined by glass but it was totally fine upon my inspection because the jar hit the outer edge of the crock and not the inside rim....thankfully! While I was cleaning up the mess, I realized that my arm hurt and it was then that I noticed a needle-like shard of glass sticking out of my arm. It's weird how the mess was pretty well contained in a pile of spice and a few pieces of glass but nothing major, yet I still ended up with a cut. I don't know how that one happened. So, to conclude the story I lost my spices and spice jar, but I know I will make this mix again because it was delicious! I can't wait to sprinkle it on some shrimp and grill them!
Edges: Attractive, Level Headed, Woodsman
New British defamation bill ‘will put a stop to libel tourism’ by shaking up old laws
As a teacher, it is hugely important to me that I be able to recommend books to my students. Not recommend like “I’ve heard this is good. You should read it.” More like, “I read this book and thought about you. I know you’ll love it.” I want to be a sharer of stories. To do that, I need to know what stories to share, and who to share them with.
“Sorry, ma’am.”
I've been taking classes at work to climb the clinical ladder. I'm almost at Super Nurse of the Universe status, they're personalizing my cape.
Wishing everyone an awesome 2012!
Okay, enough of the hard stuff.
This means that to make the most of your budget, your activity should be communicating with occasional users, lapsed users, or potential new customers.
Freeze Taib’s assets
Not that I'm complaining here mind you, but they packed in more then the holder can handle,
J+O March 2 at 12:50pm
Palate: Obvious smoke and peat on the palate, but in a pleasant way, of course. Sherry influence from the cask, and hints of leather at the end. It gives this impression of a dark, sinister whisky.
They're sizable and not available on a shelf in
Case in point: Twitter
ADELBERT'S Dancin' Monks Dubbel Ale
65g plain flour
(By the way, I’m not keen on the phrase “ethical retailer”. I’m not sure if Darren, the writer who instigated the debate about H & M, which I participated in, created this term, or if this is now common terminology in the fashion world. If H & M is an ethical retailer, does this mean that those retailers who don’t engage in Sustainability and Cause Marketing are unethical? I don’t believe that’s the case.)
She was privileged to attend Pow Wows in Arizona and New Mexico. The most memorable was when she shared the blanket with the Houser family during an Honor Ceremony for Alan Houser, Chiricahua Apache sculptor, at the Santa Fe Art Institute, Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Yes, you girls are the best witnesses to this (not my parents nor my thesismates, because they ALWAYS call). I wouldn’t want to appear that I tolerate this bad habit, but I really have the tendency to not prioritize replying to text messages when I’m in the middle of working or talking to other people (now I even have to add driving to that list). I also have the bad habit of forgetting to reply afterwards.
don’t have carelevators
According to Mocality, within a few hours of the change going live, six calls came through to its offices (which was recorded) from someone who identified himself as a Google representative claiming to be working with Mocality.
I continually increase my exercise duration to achieve the desired effects/benefits._____
- Participate actively in the monthly and quarterly closing;
where the strong and fair have fallen
I loved to visit her and putter about in her back garden, pruning back, re-planting, and generally tidying her garden space. She would make me tea, and we would sit in her small conservatory talking about plants and the weather (the Brits and their weather). But best of all would be when she would begin to reminisce about her younger days in Wales, the war, marriage, raising 4 children, and of course my favorite subject, Soub himself! Even better when she pulled out old photographs to share. How she met Soub's dad is a wonderful story and oh so romantic. I hope Soub shares it one day on his blog complete with the girly bits. Over the last 5 years I developed a warm and loving relationship with mum. We shared passions for reading, poetry, gardening. She always had a little something set aside for me to take back to Texas: a little china box she had painted, or a porcelain cup with the Welsh dragon on it (she knew of my love for dragons!) I'd bring her books and poetry and photographs framed of Soub and I and eventually of my children as well. Though she never met my kids, she always asked about them and was genuinely interested in our lives.
The benediction
The man bought thousands at $10 and as supply started to diminish, they became harder to catch, so the villagers stopped their effort.
The important stuff is in the second paragraph. That initiated a new phase of the crisis. First, the company was granted a moratorium of 10 days on the payment of bills that were due. Without that extra time, the company wouldn't have been able to meet its obligations. Secondly, an accountant was brought in to compile a report of the company's finances. That report, when eventually made public, was to have an enormous impact.
Even though I may not think i 'look' beautiful right now.... i may not feel physically well .... and every day i wake up there isn't a day that my health doesn't sadden me.... I want to be happy anyway.
Despite that electoral comfort zone, Kruger has banked some $1.6 million in his campaign kitty, much of it from city real-estate moguls who appreciate his support. This is more money than even the senate's mighty leader, Joe Bruno, has in his own war chest. Kruger's campaign coffers earned so much interest last year that he had to pay the IRS $22,000 in taxes.
For todays post, more three Haiku poems also reading as a larger one. Inspiration, using a word prompt from a song same as on this post. This one takes a line from Love’s “You set the scene” (from their classic “Forever changes” album). Love were an L.A. band who never toured much and never had the sales to match their critical acclaim. The forever changes album is a genuine rock classic. It is one of those albums that get better with repeated listens, even years later after first hearing it. Check out the live version of you set the scene below. The line I used is I’ll face each day with a smile.
Brewers' Journal 1921, pages 29 - 30.
Ok, to get my mind off of the pending email telling me whether or not I got into my major (eek!! I'll get it today!!) I'm opening up to questions!
In my piece, I used my parent's wedding photo taken outside the church where they took their vows in Nottingham, England after WWII. I also wanted to include the beautiful lace tablecloth my mother received as a wedding gift. However, I was unwilling to cut up this heirloom piece.
Second, this guy got that...but that's the only thing he got. There is so much wrong with this, it makes me want to cry, vomit, and commit mayhem.
I found many pieces that would work. Ikea has some nice things. So does Pottery Barn. But if you know me, you know that there's no way I'm spending money on something new when I could find something second hand that I can make perfect!
14. John Lee and Gerry Brown - Bamboo Madness
And thank you so much to
Whether you believe it or not, history has shown that every so-called great society and culture has imploded due to its violence, greed and corruption. With this in mind, I believe America is heading for great disaster based on the actions and inactions of its people.
-I'm almost done re-vamping my bathroom.
1. if I could study anything just for my own pleasure and satisfaction, it would be physics and astronomy. along with maths, they were my majors in school for 6 years and I often miss it now. I find this stuff mindblowing. there you have it, ladies and gentlemen, I'm a nerd.
Wearing a baggy t-shirt that looks like you invented Myspace is not going to help you get attention from women. On the flip side, I have seen guys wearing collared shirts 3 sizes too big for them that looks like they have borrowed it from their dad’s wardrobe.
Gert and a number of his colleagues from Massey were kind enough to spend a day giving me an orientation on the volcano, and then it was just me, a rucksack, a spade and some sample bags.
On the sax she is awesome. See for yourself:
Shout out to Peg of Up-Island, a regular commenter. I was just emailing her and saying she would look good in this saturated lavender purple that my shoes are (last seen here), and that I look hideous in that colour. That's why I have purple feet and not purple up near my face.
June 2012
-add the water and mix on medium speed with your dough hook for about 4 minutes.
When, after introducing to us the parable of the vine, He went on to teach us that the branch which is separated and sundered, as it were, from the mother who nourishes it will be wholly useless, and doomed to be consumed by fire, He thereby terrified His disciples not a little. For awful tidings, even though they have no reference to the present, are likely to cause no little alarm to their hearers, especially when the obscurity of the future engenders the suspicion that what they hear may come to pass. Just as the voyager who is about to cross the sea before him, when it seems probable that a storm will actually arise, and the billows rage, and the wild waves lash themselves in fury, even though he do not see these things before his eyes, and they stand yet merely in expectation, and that perhaps baseless, fears them as though they were in his sight. He then fitly raises up anew His disciples, trembling and struck with terror at these dreadful tidings, and stupefied by the thought of future trials, to a sustained courage; and leaving His sad discourse, speaks to them of their joy of heart in God. For it is not, He says, O My disciples, for this cause that I have now spoken these words unto you, to rob your minds of courage, or to inspire in you a vague terror, nor that you should be found altogether broken down by the thought of evil to come, and unable to endure to secure your own blessedness, but that you might be quite otherwise affected, and have pleasure of heart in Me, and that My joy should abide in you.
Here is a great trick that will save you hours of frustration, your back, and your mind. It is also the point of this post. It may seem like a crazy idea, but it works. I don’t know why it works, and I don’t care. It’s the most wonderful discovery I have ever made.
My Crossfit box is doing its first-ever Whole30! If you aren't familiar with whole9life's whole30 program, it's 30 days of cleanest possible classically paleo eating. No dairy. Not even honey, maple syrup, or booze passes muster for this "cravings/tummy reset" protocol. You may recall I did one of these on my own for the first time last July, which was an eye-opening experience in many ways. I realized how much of my lacto-paleo aka primal lifestyle relied on dairy and dairy fat when I suddenly had to do without. I was hungry all the time because I hadn't worked out good sources of nondairy quality fats.
Abby's been spraying her doggies with a water bottle lately to clean them. Her cleaning streak has been well documented. She wanted to bring them into the bath with her. I said daddy/mommy-doggy couldn't go into the bath, because she has a layer of soft fur and it didn't seem like a good idea - but she could bring white-doggy.
This particular phase of life instilled hatred within me and I lost my self-esteem. It went like this for years and by the time I had almost lost my gifts and ability the ways to keep them undercover so that nobody makes fun of me again. I was trying my best to fit in. But it didn’t work that for long because a part of me wanted to explore the enigmatic side of life.
The law of sin and death
Pattadakal, situated in Karnataka, under the Chalukya Dynasty, achieved a harmonious blend of architectural forms from the north and south of India. An impressive series of nine Hindu temples, as well as a Jain sanctuary can be seen there. In this group one masterpiece stands out – the Temple of Virupaksha, built around 740 by Queen Lokamahadevi to commemorate her husband’s victory over the kings from the south.Pattadakal represents the culmination of early Chalukyan art. Four of the temples here are in the south Indian Dravidian architectural style while four are in the north Indian Nagara style while Papanatha temple exhibits a hybrid style.
I had a friend who helped me pack a u-haul and just as darkness fell, we began the six hour drive to my dad’s house.
Because I have a lot of allergic responses, I often conduct my own scientific tests on myself. I go on rotation diets. Or I stop eating much of anything for a few days, to clear out the toxins in my body. When the toxins are cleared out, then I can carefully try foods one at a time to see which ones cause inflammation. Of course, I can’t eat anything that comes in a package, because then I wouldn’t be able to tell which of the many chemical ingredients added to packaged food was the culprit.
For Two:
Here's a few thoughts from my recent trip to the U.S. (Leeds U.K. to Houston Tx)
So just how bad are things in Spain at this point?
3. Remove sections of pulp from inside the basket bottom and inner handle, placing them aside to later be shaped into melon balls. Continue until the watermelon is hollow.
As bees flee hame wi' lades (loads) o'treasure,
1 blacken
Thanks for stopping by everyone! I hope you all have a fun weekend planned. I absolutely do-- helping a friend with a stamp camp tonight, and then Sunday -- movie night with some girlfriends. So, should be a fun one! Hope you have a great, relaxing fun-filled weekend as well! Until next time.... have a good one!
It seems to me that to Zuma Zapiro's cartoon has turned into an
God hath all life, glory, goodness, blessedness, in and of Himself; and is alone in and unto Himself all sufficient, not standing in need of any creatures which He hath made, nor deriving any glory from them, but only manifesting His own glory in, by, unto, and upon them. He is the alone fountain of all being, of whom, through whom, and to whom are all things; and hath most sovereign dominion over them, to do by them, for them, or upon them whatsoever Himself pleaseth.
after the Copacabana in NYC - we headed to Central Park again
my Pu-erh tea and dreams –
And there I spied a pretty maid
So, are you guys pumped about this orange colour or do you find it too in your face? Also, I know many people who are totally against painting wood, especially a vintage chair - please don't hate me! I promise to share my process with you, and maybe once it's all finished and in our home I will change your mind forever!
Then, I decided to drive home. Despite the stomach weirdness, and feeling a little sick, I drove! I had to drive slowly because my father still doesn’t like to be in fast-moving objects, but it was all pretty smooth.
Oh - and the rather evocative photo is by my son, Adam Priestley, footballer and photographer. You see - you can do both.
You accepted me as i am with no request to change
Beer blogging is a little bit more than a public forum for me, it's actually a bit of a reflex action. I've always typed since I can remember getting a typewriter when I was 4 or 5 years old. It would interest me enough for hours on end that I would produce a newspaper mainly of sports scores which my mammy and paps would pretend to read to mollify me. When I didn't have a typewriter I wrote in notebooks. Always writing away like a possessed imbecile.
slicing lightning
Another technique i looked into was matte painting i like the idea of being able to create a scene using other composites such as buildings, vehicles, rivers, roads etc. Here are a few examples plus my own version.
Garbage- Not Your Kind of People (yet another 90′s band making a comeback)
Sister and Brother-in-law's Card
As you can well imagine, I’ve been a reader far longer than I’ve been a writer. When I wasn’t buying books, I was borrowing them from the library whenever possible. Stacks to a time, sometimes (I’ve always been a fast reader. Too bad I don’t write as quickly as I read).
For a fascinating discussion on these subjects, including “the nature of angels,” see the 3 chapters of my unfinished book, The Secret Mysteries of the Ages. Please bear in mind that this was written 6 years ago, and I’ve learned a lot since then, so I no longer agree with all of it. But there is enough truth there that reveals a lot about what is going on here below:
Please email Pascale to find out how to claim your stamps & Amy to claim your CPF goodness :)
It’s not about: “do this” or “do that.”
And with Beijing pumping billions into boosting China's infrastructure, the Qingdao Haiwan Bridge will not be the world's longest sea bridge for very long. In December 2009, work started on a 31 mile bridge that will link Zhuhai in southern Guangdong Province, China's manufacturing heartland, with the financial centre of Hong Kong. The £6.5 billion project is expected to be completed in 2016.
10.State Of Mind
As it is, their body language is no different from that of cricket’s tri-colour smeared neo-literates who watch the game on giant screens at the stadiums.
Voila! I was free.
The membership to the Roman Catholic Church in Bombay is good for those who want to live a non-combative non-aggressive non-ambitious unhealthy unhygienic lazy dormant alcoholic ‘susegaad’ (laidback) politically-inactive & a poor life; improving the health wealth housing of the catholic community in Bombay is not the priority of the catholic clergy in Bombay. In Bombay Christians
Method: Roast the onions in very hot ashes or grilled. Remove the outer burnt skins. Make the ghee very hot and fry the dried red chillies in it till crisp. Combine the roasted onions, fried red chillies, salt, coconut scrapings, and tamarind and grind it to a rough paste. This chutney is excellent with dosais, idlis, vegetable pilav, etc. Enjoy!
well I had class like every other day but today was fun because I got to play b-ball and review ukrainian, I love when we have activitys in class, I also learned that I'm not very good at teaching a 10 min lesson when I only have 2 min to prepare.
A closer look at the third, falsely associated condition.
Take your mangina's, white knights, pussy beggars, alpha thugs, vagina worhippers and shove em up your fucking queer heterosexual-hating asses.
The pub features two big projector screens for use during major sporting events but usually it is conversation that dominates in this friendly locals' pub.
“The punched triangles and circles will play back melodies and chords in a C major pentatonic scale,” Eigner explains. “The tricky part was to get the laser milling and spacing just right and to find the best possible paper. It was quite a long process to design it.”
It is true there exists an environment in which the media is under intense pressure to justify and defend those mechanisms it relies on to regulate itself - primarily the Press Ombudsman - and to safeguard against the state's encroachment on its independence. That is a worthy and necessary fight and one to which the DA remains steadfastly and resolutely committed. But, if that environment only results in generating mindless moral outrage on any incident that involves some explicit or implicit criticism of the media, that is to the detriment both of the fourth estate and our constitutional order.
Please also find below this final image a few bts(behind the scenes) shots I took.
I thought the director Bennet Miller (also made Capote 2005) did a good job trying not to be a over-the-top drama. It looks like he wanted to show as it happened. I have to say it was better than my expectation.
Carry On Tuesday gives us the opening to ‘Lines on a Clock in Chester Cathedral,’ by Henry Twells. To read the line and the poem, visit Keith, who warns us he will be dark for a couple of weeks while he travels. He will leave Mr. Linky open.
Sowings over the past 24 hours were of 'Little Gem' lettuce, Spinach var. Scenic F1 and a large tray of leeks for the kitchen. My brother-in-law took a fancy to my first sowing of leeks, so I've sown more of 'Lyon Prizetaker' and an Eastern European variety, 'Starozogorski Kamus'.
As I've mentioned before, I have a lot of broccoli in my fridge because of all the stems I need! I wish I could buy a beg of stems instead. But I ended up making a yummy marinated Asian broccoli salad for lunch.
I went to get it just now to photograph it properly, and there is an enormous spider on top of it, so you'll have to wait again. It's been a busy summer for livestock here. The mice came back. My upstairs neighbour unplugged the deterrent in her flat while she was doing some DIY, so we both got them - they swing between our kitchens, - and I was blaming her under my breath, and then I discovered that my deterrent had stopped working so it was my fault too. I have apologized. The are called Pestbye, cost about £20 each and lasted almost two years, which I consider a bargain. I recommend them wholeheartedly. You can get them from Amazon and eBay too, and in the U.S. They make an ultrasonic sound, but more importantly, they also set up an electric disturbance around the wiring circuit which the mice can't bear. If the mice have babies they won't leave at once but will wait until the babies can come along, which is when they are four weeks old (don't say Aaaw; they have dirty feet and they wee everywhere).
Red Velvet Cupcake, Dalaran Brownie, Dalaran Doughnut and Lovely Cake:
1 package Knorr® Vegetable recipe mix
Product List:
Pardon our sweat….we just got done “rolling our hoses“……(Get yer minds out of the gutter!)
The ECB did not provide loans to NAMA to acquire assets from the participating institutions. NAMA issued Senior Notes to the Participating Institutions which can be extended annually subject to the agreement of the note holders. NAMA has already redeemed €1.25bn of these Notes. I am advised that the objective of the NAMA Board is to redeem all Senior Notes on a phased basis by the end of 2020.
--finish contact paper lining dresser/changing table drawers
Its stealing...
So I may have been a little over zealous and lacking in foresight when I set up my 45 day challenge back in mid-April. I didn’t really account for marathon training (taper) and recovery. 21 runs is highly unlikely, and even the 14 bike rides are precarious. On top of that my the tendonitis in my right wrist flared up immediately after posting my challenge which made push-ups pretty much suck. Once I realized that I was going to (most likely) fall short on several goals, I pretty much gave up on the whole challenge.
1 occur
6. As to the "informed user", the General Court held that "the informed user is neither a manufacturer nor a seller of the products in which the designs at issue are intended to be incorporated or to which they are intended to be applied. The informed user is particularly observant and has some awareness of the state of the prior art, that is to say the previous designs relating to the product in question that had been disclosed on the date of filing of the contested design, or, as the case may be, on the date of priority claimed." (Decision para 62). That much is certainly in accordance both with OHIM and UK case law, and the phrase "particularly observant" could be read as supporting Lord Justice Jacob's view in Procter & Gamble v Reckitt Benckiser that the person concerned is more acute than her trade mark counterpart.
IN PUBLIC.
So, back to the Orval. When I popped off the cap, it immediately starting foaming out of the bottle, so you can imagine what the glass looked like - half beer, half thick foamy whitecap. It took a while to get it all into the glass. I tried to leave the yeast in the bottom of the bottle, and not in my glass. It is a deep golden color and slightly cloudy, reminding me of cider in the fall. I smelled a mix of fruity, malty, nutty tang, like citrus and berries and brown sugar with a kick. And maybe just because it looked like cider, I thought I got a hint of apple. At 6.9% ABV, there was a bit of the alcohol sting in the scent as well.
And this is the action that unfolded:
It was cold, but we had fun. He marched independently home, sing "go, go, go" and pointing and saying "sky.". It was perfect.
So today I want to thank those I have collaborated with in the past, Seth Apter, Jill Zaheer, Roxanne Evans - Stout, Veronica Funk, Rita Vindedzis, from the Inner Works Project....though this project was done a while ago, I still marvel at the beauty of these individuals and their work and our collaboration...the sharing was done freely and the project was so successful because we each embraced our gifts...it was a true full circle project.
- Most people seem to prefer the ability to see what the weekly image will be a few weeks in advance so that they have plenty of time to plan their interpretations.
We had to take tenders ashore this day rather than dock at a pier. The tenders were running late, therefore our excursion started late, therefore we missed our afternoon excursion of parasailing. Justin wasn't too heartbroken since he hates heights. But parasailing is on my bucket list and this was the second time I had come close and then missed out. Sooo, our day in Grand Cayman consisted of a city tour, which included a stop in Hell. It's a beautiful island, but VERY expensive. We finished the tour with a stop at the turtle farm. I got to hold a itty bitty baby sea turtle and it was so sweet. :) We then walked to Hard Rock to get a quick bite and pick up our traditional vacation shirts. Back on the boat.
We love our sweet, sweet boy who is also very creative, very much a silent leader, and is just very, very cool.
Second....no wonder the "deer" had been pointed out so much. I wonder if the real deer had even made any paw marks or if those were made by my little shi#$ who thought I would believe when no tulips grew, that the deer had eaten them all. And here I thought they were just concerned about their flowering efforts.
I've got three books in stock-- scroll down for ordering info:
Meanwhile, remove the skin from the chicken and pull the meat apart into bite-sized strips. (I set the white meat aside to be used in sandwiches and salads, returning only the darker meat to the pot).
I was meeting with a law firm the other day, trying to figure out what set them apart from the competition — their “key differentiators.”
Now, I don't actually know which one is my "best". And I'll admit, I didn't search through every one I've ever written, but I picked three that got a lot of comments--which can sometimes be as good as (or better than) posts themselves:
My husband tells me all the time that I 'share' too much with people, I over explain things. I think part of that is me trying to take others guards down and show them I'm not perfect because I wish that I could have a vulnerability with most everyone I care about. I laughingly will tell people embarrassing things about my past, or tell them about a lie I told so that I can be open to them in that way. I just wish more people were open to that as well. If we are not willing to be vulnerable to other meaningful people in our lives then when are we going to be comfortable being vulnerable with God?
I am tempted to scrap this whole posting... I don't know what it requires, it requires faith, it requires us to trust in the humanity of our brothers and sisters, and in a world where reports of violence and hate and genocide are all over our television sets...
Contrast is used on each invididual page of the website. We all did a title heading which was b0lded and also a larger font size. This is in contrast from the other text on the page. We also incorprated bullet list on the pages as well so that the text would not be presented poorly on the page.
5. Grapefruit scent will make middle aged women appear six years younger to men. The perception is not reciprocal and the grapefruit scent on men has no effect on women’s perception.
They were among the cheapest option there (yes, I am a cheap b*st*rd) and also were warm and I figured I would use the fried potato as a taste test standard for the rest of the menu.
I was a poor college student at the time, so I didn't have the opportunity to acquire much. I did however, get this chair
Here are his qualities which made Teddy a winner when matched to the Selection Criteria.
Which would have been fine except that I was actually asking a different question than the one I was forming with my words.
1. A constitutional amendment stating a way for campaign donations to be just between all economic classes.
And last but certainly not least: in March i will be participating in a group exhibition. The topic of this exhibition is: Sex without joy, or unfulfilling sexual experiences. The curator asked me if i had something fitting this theme so I sended a mail with a suggestion of three drawings of mine. Unfortunately i was a bit late and there were already enough contributors. Typical me. But the curator likes my art, so she was going to check if i can have some space afterall. And she made it possible. I am so happy, excited and a bit scared haha. Because there are some well known artists on this exhibition. So i have to try not to get intimidated and to feel trust in myself. But this tiny bit of anxiety gives me butterflies, like the fear you have in a rollercoaster, you are scared and at the same time you have so much fun. Soon more information about the exhibition.
And even now, knowing he is a Widow, he is still ever faithful. He isn’t angry with God. He isn’t cursing him. Asking why, maybe, which is a natural response. But still, the ever-faithful servant.
Thankfully, he was really cool about having Joanne and Julius in the car with us. Surprisingly, it wasn’t awkward in the car like I thought it would be. We were all talking together, and he was a really chill guy. It was nice.
The first few CD's were not very appealing to me, so I would fast forward them, and then pop it out and plug another one into the player. That is until this one -
Anyway, this is something I might ask a friend to read on Saturday. It’s slightly adapted from Jung’s Memories, Dreams, Reflections. I do hope the Registrar won’t have any issues with it.
Love this idea of volunteers from local schools organising this evening:
What they do is bend and she falls on the floor and she covers her arms over her head and maybe he will just chew her arms off.
Well, I met this nice gentleman in my 30's and my biological clock started ticking:)
The aim of this “Wittem Project” and the resulting Code, published in April 2010, http://www.copyrightcode.eu, is to promote transparency and consistency in European copyright law. The members of the Wittem Group share a concern that the process of copyright law making at the European level lacks transparency and that the voice of academia all too often remains unheard. The Group believes that a European Copyright Code drafted by legal scholars might serve as a model or reference tool for future harmonization or unification of copyright at the European level. The members of the Wittem Group hope that this European Copyright Code will contribute to the establishment of a body of transparent and consistent copyright law that protects the moral and economic interests of creators, while serving the public interest by promoting the production
If the servicer makes a counteroffer, the borrower has five business days to respond and the servicer must then respond within 10 business days of receiving the borrower’s response.
3. Men think women should act like this, and wonder why their wives don’t. This then causes marital unrest and there is nothing the wife can do to change it…except turn off the TV.(Which really is a good idea anyway.)
In the meantime, the three grandkids are living in three different places and I know of two times that my daughter has overdosed and I am just waiting for the call that she finally has managed to die due to drugs.
However, Messers Mutkin and Shevchenko are being more than a little misleading. If they care to look West and to the EU, a large number of EU nations have national identity card schemes. In fact there are only a few that do not, my home nation of the UK being one.
I remember that whenever our Math Analysis class discovered that he had made a mistake in the calculations he chalked out on the blackboard, he would take a good hard look at his work then say, "Good! I did that to see if you were paying attention."
This is what you'll need:-
But it always cracks me up when these television crews are working against a deadline. "We only have five hours left. Will we make it?" I wonder what the penalty is for not meeting the arbitrary deadline. Will they lose their permit? Will they be forced to pay overtime to the crew? What's the big deal?
I feel the winds of change coming in my life. . . they seem to be picking up speed.
Slow-paced in parts
John Stephenson as Various Voices
The guard on the train looks at me and raises his eyes to heaven – an unusually expressive thing for a Russian to do in the presence of a Westerner.
Let’s look at it another way. One says he trusts the Lord for his salvation but then finds the Ten Commandments mandatory for Christian living. What if you fail to keep those Ten Commandments? Does failing to keep the commandments mean that he has loses his salvation? Man is more comfortable with the thought of physical obedience to the Ten Commandments then to simply trusting.
6:00 am Pacific Time
Through it’s four minute and forty-six second run, it’s organized in a structurally standard process, but comes across as refreshing and vulnerable. “Rascal” proves to be another solid state within Iamamiwhoami’s Kin release.
Stay Tuned
The portable, powerful units capture many toxic fumes at the source and adsorb gases and chemicals in a deep bed of activated carbon, using 40 to 80 pounds of this efficient filtration media.
Dega: How much gold jewelry?
My lunch:
"Huh," she said, "Something's been biting on you."
8. james and I will be putting our fondue pot to use in our first annual 70's fondue christmas party. Wear 70's green and red! eat fondue! see above marriage-15 pounds!
Mother's Day always comes with a few tears for Katie, and this year was no different. We went to visit Jill's grave in the morning. Katie sat and talked with her for a little while. She cried a little on the way home, and then we went for a walk in the woods and we talked things over. She did most of the talking, I just listened. There isn't really much I could say that would mean anything. She told me how much she loves her life here with us, and how she considers Jenny her "other mom," and me her "other dad." She told me how much it means to her that we've done so much to keep the memories of both of her real parents alive, and that she never wants to forget them. But she told me it hurts so much to remember. Of all the questions a child can ask, one of the hardest to answer is "When will it stop hurting?" Because you know in your heart that the answer is..."Never."
Hi there all. It's an exciting and a little sad day today, as today marks the last day of school for my little cherubs. They have had a fabulous year in grade one and are very sad indeed to be saying goodbye to their lovely teacher, who I am sure they will crash tackle for a cuddle next year every time they see her in the playground;) At the same time, we are all excited about almost 8 weeks of sleep in's and Christmas holiday fun for us all.
* To cross the Amazon River from Belem to Manaus on board of a lineal boat and this way to see how the Amazon runs on the sides
The real reason is about a lot more than just losing faith in the judiciary system or in the ability to be treated equally regardless of who your uncle or father is.
I hope breweries continue to experiment with Belgian styles, and if they do, I hope they start to experiment with the methods Belgian breweries use. Although they are at odds with the way a lot of commercial breweries operate--getting beer out the door as soon as possible, focusing on "freshness" above maturation--I suspect they're critical to achieve the types of beers Belgians manage.
A cluster of military-colored and yet eerily mock-Tuscan houses nestles in the suffocating embrace of slightly larger military-colored yet even more eerily mock-Tuscan houses in a valley far, far away, technically in the northern suburbs of Joburg, but in reality way behind the boerewors-curtain in the Afrikaner-territory of Pretoria.
Yeah, its alright.
You should also know that hubs is actually a pretty good gift giver when he wants to be. Last year he surprised me with a trip to Tiffany to pick out something fun. Last year was the big 10 year anniversary though...apparently the 11th year is only shoe worthy.
Things can always get worse.
In other news, I just finished Week 1 of the C25K program. I actually did Day 1 twice because it didn't register on my phone app and I'm so type A that it must be ticked off before I go on. lol Not sure if I've lost any weight, and at times I feel like totally giving up, but I will say...I'm finding that I recover from the jogging portions quicker than the first day. Also, while I'm sweating more and working harder, I don't feel like dying at the end! It helps that I have my energetic pup with me for encouragement, and I picture my family and animals benefiting from a healthier me.
I made sacks for Lexy and Avree to open each hour with hats, horns, etc. in them.
So, Super Mom and Super Dad, give yourselves a break, too. Recognize the challenge of what you're doing and commit to the pursuit of better, for you and your children.
Here is the sum content of our interview with him:
Ahem, anywho, anyone who has ever been to Disney knows that there is an abundance of gift shopping. While my mother and I were looking for little things for my niece and nephews my mother spied the antenna toppers...
Q – Does corruption exist in the manner alleged by the government’s critics?
“There’s a difference between an idea and an idea about an idea. Some people think they have an idea, but what they actually have is an idea about an idea – that’s a notion. Ideas are constantly seeking for hosts, but they don’t go to everybody. They go to people who are hungry, people who want to make a difference, people who want to solve problems, those who want to meet needs.
For decades, the major trading nations of the world, including the US, did nothing to combat the boycott. Yet pressure to abandon the boycott eventually bore fruit, and business with Israel was gradually legitimized by Arab leaders, albeit tacitly.
Ted ordered two more drinks for them; a beer and a drink. He sat and he smirked. “Doesn’t Catch-22 have “nigger” in it?”
8:13 Ted Kennedy momentum is building. The man has been given a death sentence; it won’t shock me if he says something really profound and maybe something that no one else could get away with. Like: “Hillary supporters, get over your bad selves.”
No one ever likes to have to flex their authority. No one who is focused on growing deeply in holiness, that is. Authority as Bishop Morlino has said on numerous occasions isn't something he asked for, it was something he was given. His excellency has said that it can be a great burden. Nevertheless, he has been clear that his authority springs from fidelity to the Jesus Christ and His Church. He has recently written a letter to parishioners in Platteville, WI. You can read Bishop Morllino's letter to Platteville here.
There is a grey dove out in the birdbath in the back just sitting there. They do that. Of course they cannot think, but from time to time one sees something like this and wonders. Are they enjoying a good soak?
This type of selection process works for the more traditional members, since there is voter erosion as you go along. The more outspoken members get shuffled to one side and the more traditional ones take control. On the Dem side eight years ago, I went in as a Dean supporter, and ended up being a Edwards delegate (just to spite those Kerry supporters - the full tawdry story is here). Inertia helps as you move through the process, and for that reason the Precinct Committee Officers are important. Which is one reason that the Paul campaign is pre-complaining about potential funny business, as it doesn't matter who votes so much as who counts the votes.
...the date and time were originally set to B.C.
2- What is considered a clear case of significant harm to offspring?
Unfortunately, the task was a bit harder in the desert, because for some reason, no one sells the tubing needed to make the hoops. So I got in touch with my Missouri supplier and had the tubing and tape shipped to my door. I’m sure I annoyed lots of people in the process by insisting that the product arrive within a week, which gave me 2 days to make all the hoops.
Then they stuff themselves into his little house. It looks like a lot of fun.
Alternative title:
Does that mean that Torah makes men and women equal? Well that depends on what you mean by equal. If you mean in that they have all the same rights ect… no. Torah(and biology for that matter) definitely sees men and women in different roles. However it also affords them both equality of dignity. They are equally cherished as Am Kodesh.
there today…but beautiful, nonetheless! Georgina is truly a place for all
BA: I wasn’t afraid of much, but my fears were very similar to that of the character in my book. I can remember, when I was still young enough to have to hold my mom’s hand in the shopping mall, we rode an escalator up to the next floor. My foot, or since I remember it that way it was probably just my shoelace, got caught between the steps as they were closing at the top. Someone had to press the emergency stop button. Whenever anything like this, or the story that inspired I’M NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING, happened, my imagination filled in what could’ve happened next. So, I guess what really
To share my room in the house not right in the head,
And how I wanted to do just that. But I didn't want to move while she sat next to me, holding me close. How I'd wanted this too, in those moments when she'd been forced to choose between me and my father. Even early that evening, he'd only grunted, when my mother mentioned I'd been ill, and then complained about what had taken her so long at the grocery store, where she'd gone to get the fresh fish he'd wanted for dinner. Nothing seemed to have changed.
In an attempt to equal my level of insanity for ranking the Buffy episodes I’ve decided to repeat my little experiment for Angel. Fortunately there is another site that has compiled a bunch of other people’s rankings and created a list. I’m breaking down my list based on season, with the ranking/the episode title/the episode number/my overall ranking/the compiled rankings of other people. There are 110 total episodes of Angel, and I’d say about 90 is the cutoff from good to bad. That’s actually pretty remarkable for any show, but Angel was much more consistent than Buffy, although with much fewer great episodes.
Segment 0 : Present (0,0) 000922F44TPE PCV44TPE
The group condemned by the Vatican includes a wide range of prominent nuns, also called women religious, from Sister Carol Keehan, the head of the Catholic Health Association, which runs 2,000 hospitals and other health facilities, to Sister Mary Ann Walsh, the spokeswoman for the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, which is to implement the Vatican action. They both declined to comment.
As for me.... well... it was quite a different weekend than I have spent in a VERY long time! I pulled out my back on Thursday and after getting through work on Thursday and Friday I was in so much pain I could barely move. I realized there was no way I was going to be able to go help with the Homeless on Saturday morning and hunkered down for some R&R.... Me and the heating pad.
I woke up this morning and for that few seconds before I was fully awake, I was confused and thought I dreamed the past few days. Once my mind and heart were awake, I realized the past few days were real and NONE of this was a bad dream, this is our new reality. We'll make it because that's what we do, but it won't be easy.
So, it's only been what, like a whole month since I have posted on the ol' blog? And what, another few months since it was something truly worthwhile?
Tools: Sewing machine, nesties, trouvaille, bow easy
Derrek glanced upwards. He didn’t know much about nature, but he could tell by the sun. The canopy the trees made over the path clouded the sky effectively, but the sky had cleared a bit. The passing of the mist and clouds brought him comfort at least. If his ‘dream’ meant anything, the clouds were thanks to a very grouchy dragon. He was surprised how much of a task it was to get a clear look at the sky.
Watching the Company dancers in class is equivalent to delving deep into the inner workings of the Company – it is an incredibly revealing glimpse at the work ethic and discipline of each dancer as well as the sensibility and individuality with which they work.
It’s pretty gorgeous: lots of pictures - as well as essays on different aspects of Pyle’s work.
This is the time when people who are actively creating are going to be more financially rewarded than they were in the past.
“But…” she said. A frightful word that sent a chill down my spine. A word in which its depths I could completely fathom.
Based on the information provided to MACC today, Tenaganita hopes that the MACC will be proactive and independent in their investigations, and address the areas where corruption exists. Doing so would pave the way for increased protection of the rights and lives of migrants in Malaysia. Malaysia has a role in ensuring safe migration, and the MACC is a pivotal player in this process.
A day of heightened feelings from top to, literally, toe. I can't really explain why.
This was my first print. I printed well with an exposure of 5.5 seconds as it was already quite a dark photograph.I really like how the two photographs merge into each other, making the second negative look quite ghost like. I think the print needed more magneta to get more contrast as it looked quite flat.
Circle City Soups ""My Dad's" sweet corn chowder" My Dad's Sweet Corn comes from Tipton and is one of those items that sells out almost every week at the Farmer's Market. Corn chowder made from it was bound to be delicious and it certainly was. Christy loves all things corn so this was one of her favorites.
Vinegar – 1 to 1-1/2 teaspoon
If you thought being murdered to The Germs was awesome, wait until you get a load of the next scene. Wandering into the, oh, let's say it was the Cockpit, Al Pacino enters as, get this, "Shakedown" by Rough Trade is playing on the soundtrack. Whoever it was who decided to include Toronto's own Rough Trade on the Cruising soundtrack needs a raise. Seriously, Rough Trade and Cruising are practically made for one another. At any rate, Steve's gay cred is solidified once for all when he steps out onto the dance floor and begins to bust a move to Willy DeVille's "Heat of the Moment." Sniffing amyl nitrate while soaking in a sweaty pool filled with black undershirts, hairy forearms, and off to the side anal fisting, Al Pacino pumps his fists to the music as the leather dandies watch with teary-eyed admiration.
‘What work?’ asked Philip brutally.
Rockin' Writing Portfolio
There is music which every soul recognizes as its true nature, and some will have quite a bit of clearing to do before they can feel comfortable with it. As an illustration, how many times have you heard someone say that Mozart or Beethoven “drives me up the wall”? Yet, if you were to ask them, they recognize that it is excellent music. It just doesn’t resonate with their frequency. That is very much akin to what we are describing.
CH: Before, people worked with precision and a particular aesthetic, in a functional and mechanical way that gave it a form, and a style. Making a movement or taking a step implied an expression of the entire body. Currently, not only has the essence been lost but the weight of the dance as well, its density and importance. To me, this new tango lost a bit of the respect for what tango is.
Haunts me day and night.
Muerdealmohadas / pillow biter / gay man who is only passive in bed
Title: Hines Sight
MTEMT Blog (mtemtblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Foil barrier layers have been used in the packaging industry for decades and are recognized as the best material for blocking the transfer of gasses and water vapor through flexible materials. The foil layer in ZCORR FSP Bags™ performs two tasks simultaneously; it keeps harmful corrosion causing elements out of the bag and keeps the corrosion inhibiting VpCI chemistry in the bag. This allows the bag to protect your firearms and ammunition for longer than any other product on the market.
So, in all seriousness - what goes into a bio? Do you go serious or add a touch of humor? Do I mention I have 3 girls that drive me to eat more chocolate or do I just say I'm a mother of three sweethearts ;)
I haven't talked a lot about Shakeology yet, so I'll be brief now about why it's so amazing and why you really owe it to yourself to give it a try. This shake is completely natural, no artificial foods, sweeteners, any of that junk in it because Beachbody really does care about what goes into your body. It's made from 70 healthy ingredients, many of them being things that are really hard to get in our diet everyday, such as camu camu, gogi berry, acai berry, sacha inchi...these are all foods that are an incredible source of nutrition and antioxidants, but you're probably not going to be eating them and getting all those benefits if you're not drinking Shakeology. All in all, Shakeology provides your body with protein, essential amino acids, probiotics, digestive enzymes, antioxidants, phytonutrients, and 23 vitamins and minerals. That's a TON of nutrition packed into one little shake.
(I used drained, canned mango)
First past the post takes the money.
I’m afraid those players are long gone.
Title: Jurassic Park 2 – The Chaos Continues
Thankfully the Chancellor has stopped the automatic rise in duty that was due next week (inflation plus 1 penny on a litre = 6 pence this time round) that would have seen the price for a gallon of diesel go up to £5.90 in fact he even dropped duty by a penny a litre.
Haven’t learned that yet.
by Lisa See
It's weird how very full I can feel after spending more time with him. I am still kind of amazed by how much MORE I love him each and every day.
The ultimate "Communist monument," then, if there is such a thing, is the one that we’re living inside of, the proportional numerologies that frame and contain us. The brilliance of Tatlin’s Tower was that it was already built from the moment he first designed it – or perhaps I should say: transcribed it.
But now that school is back in and I need my fashion fix, I'm back to conversing via blogging! Oooh, the ideas some of you have...
Visits to the State Capitol are free and depending on what time of the year it is they have different specialty guided tours to sign up for. It is a good field trip idea for homeschoolers on a tight budget.
President Obama (although he signed NDAA into law, which has also sparked controversy over civil liberties) opposes this bill. The White House released a statement saying that, “The American people expect their Government to enhance security without undermining their privacy and civil liberties. Without clear legal protections and independent oversight, information sharing legislation will undermine the public’s trust in the Government as well as in the Internet by undermining fundamental privacy, confidentiality, civil liberties, and consumer protections.”
In addition, Yoga classes held morning and evening:
The hazy sun seems to signify the smoke clearing. The long and winding road through the battered desert landscape now stands far in the background, while the spinning turbine blades continue to imply danger. And then, sheer solitude settles in, as the audience learns more and the camera pans around the car and back out into the horizon.
sufficient water
Sometimes epicly.
Taking off jewelry
One choice I made was to eat as much organic food as possible. Another was to avoid processed foods as much as possible. Nothing off the deep end here. Just goals … and determination … to eat and drink better quality food. I’m not here to sell this approach to you. If you look at Gatorade and you think that looks like a good idea to put into your body, that’s okee dokee smokee with me.
I decided to push the boat out on the icing, making a new frosting. I've long admired American style frosting on cupcakes, so sleek and silky smooth looking. Believe me, this frosting tastes as good as it looks!
it hurts just a tad,
if when you smile back
By stage three, Mario must face numerous fiery ghosts. They appear out of nowhere and serve Donkey Kong’s bidding, suggesting a possible voodoo magic at work. Worse still, Mario cannot usually jump over the ghosts, and must rely on the hammers to defeat them. Blessed with his holy might, Mario has no problem dispensing these evil spirits, marking the first time that the carpenter strikes out at his sentient enemies. Once again, Pauline’s parasol and purse appear; apparently Mario gave them back to her but DK threw them away again. Perhaps he sees them as symbols of wealth, something that a black man in America can never have. Also once again, DK is portrayed as a stupid beast, and simply stands around dancing as Mario removes the floor from beneath him, sending him crashing to his doom. Even at the end of the game, the cycle begins anew, with the three levels constantly repeating themselves with increased difficulty. Obviously, the black man is not capable of redemption and must continuously undergo punishment for him baser instincts. This portrayal of African Americans is stunningly racist. By the year 1981, you think America and Japan would have evolved beyond such archaic views and stereotypes.
we will never understand you
However, in the two years that I’ve used Pecksniff’s services, I’ve had several charwomen tell me that she’s not very nice to work for. It has also been apparent that they get no training. These women seem to only continue in Pecksniff's employment because their circumstances are dire. And now that Angela has worked here for over a year, I’ve been able to glean a greater insight into the modus operandi of Mistress Pecksniff.
However, if you plan to play (semi-) professional, is highly desirable to have a decent system. Do not interfere with the processor of 2 GHz, memory of at least 512 MB (better than 1 GB), 1-2 GB of disk space free – you have to run a few tables, plus a couple of service programs, each of which consumes a lot of resources. The latter is the “fashionable” room PKR requires a good 3D accelerator. Monitor recommended resolution of 1600×1200, this is due to the fact that pros usually play multiple tables simultaneously, and the usual amount of table 800×600 1600×1200 fits in just 4 tables with no overlap, which is very convenient for the game. A modem is better to replace the highlighted line. In principle of doyles room rakeback, the speed of the modem enough (typically room “eats” 5.2 Mb of traffic per hour), but it becomes critical to the quality of the connection again, leased line becomes much cheaper and just more convenient.
- A movie that makes me cry
Become my man, and I will be thy liege;
I can't believe the house is quiet, both kids are in bed, and we have the windows open enjoying the cool night breeze. Life is good, and I am thankful for the unmeasurable blessings that we continue to receive. I'm just waiting for Steph to get back from a quick grocery run (I have a bad habit of letting the grocery supply dwindle to near nothingness when she's not here), then it's time to enjoy a night together. We will probably try to enjoy a movie or something, but typically we both end up passing out well before make it through one. The sleepless nights catch up with us pretty quickly these days.
yesterday i scored free tickets to cats tomorrow night--the girl and i are going. i think she'll love it. the hubs also (possibly) scored an all-expense paid trip for two to a foreign country in august. our hurdle is getting his passport--our hurdle for that is getting his birth certificate (he was born on an army base outside of the us and his dad has none of his early childhood records/important papers). i now there are ways to do this, just not sure we can get them done before august. i will not get my hopes up about a possible awesome trip that would be my 20th anniversary trip. (yeah, we'll be married 20 years this fall).
64. Turtle nah want trouble mek he walk with he house pon he back. You should be always prepared for disappointment or trouble.
Me: "I think that's my choice."
This easy, fun and creative bulletin board makes you look like a pro as you develop student vocabulary and language skills. This bulletin board works great in a classroom or hallway for the whole school to be involved with. I wanted a way to involve my school in language development and used this idea. Follow these quick steps and you will be on your way!
My cousin and I spent some time at the ArchDiocese in La Crosse, and I would have to say it was not what I was expecting. We did find a lot of information, but 99% of it, was in Latin.
Whatever your situation, take whatever love and kindness is shown to you and embrace it knowing you deserve it and a million times more, because without us Moms around ......well Lord of the flies springs to mind.
So yesterday was a lazy day for me, and I got to watch LOTS of college football. I wrote this while watching the end of the Texas -ISU game and part of the Bugeater-Pokes contest. Some might say that writing a post about a rival losing their game before wathcing your own team get drilled is Karma. Not a believer in the Karma thing, but I'd rather had Texas and OU win than both lose.
I love the soup and the special sauce you can make out of garlic, leeks, soy sauce and chili. I can gobble up everything (veggies, button mushrooms, egg, noodles, corn, fish balls, crab sticks, tofu, shrimp balls, squid, fish and shrimps) served on the table! Our tummies were satisfied and I would love to come back with my family and relatives.
Birthdays have been something of a non-event for a while. They’re one of those things like Easter and Christmas that cease to have any real meaning after you’ve “grown up”, whatever that means. So I haven’t been expecting that much from them for quite a few years. And, generally speaking, this has meant I haven’t been particularly disappointed — they’ve been pleasant enough, with a few presents, cards and whatnot, but nothing particularly remarkable.
Ain’t Talkin bout Love
And yes, I’m going to do exactly what you think I’m going to do in this bed when I’m done in a second.
Now upon arriving in my hotel in Vegas, I encountered some unforeseen challenges.
Some accessories for the fire place lover would make for a great holiday gift this season:
Some of you live for your vehicles. You must be seen. Your vehicle holds value of who you are. They are the deciding factor if you are happy or sad or fulfilled. Others its your home. I tell you none of it works. You will fail miserably. Peace of mind is not sold at stores or deposited into bank accounts. I know. Experience has had me put on my running shoes and clinging to Jesus. I will hang on His garment by a thread with some super glue. That’s real. Jesus I need you to take the steering wheel, gas, and the brakes and shift when you want, how you want with no lip service from me. Where are my keys? Jesus got my keys.
I wrote about a small town in Southern Ohio that came together around a young man named Jake Porter. He had Fragile X syndrome, which made learning difficult, and he was on the high school football team. On the last game of the season, the coach named Dave Frantz wanted Jake to have a moment to remember … so he wanted to put Jake in the game and let him take a knee. Just for the experience. Frantz's team was losing 42-0 at the time, and so he called timeout and met the opposing coach on the field. Everyone saw the opposing coach, Derek Dewitt, shake his head "No." And then Jake went into the game, was given the ball, was about to take a knee. Only then, every player on both teams parted and pointed toward the end zone. Jake ran for a touchdown. He believed it was the winning touchdown. And there wasn't a dry eye in the place.
Tests- 93, Runs- 8032, Avg- 57.78, 100s- 26, High- 365*
I'm waiting here for my prince to come
Apparent Attenuation: 82%
“Make no mistake about it,” Pukey said. “This is a war. It’s between us and the State.”
As the Judge said
Up next (probably) the real-world basis for some of the stuff in chapter 20 and elsewhere.
The lawsuit went nowhere because this guy ignored the basic lessons to be learned from church politics.
* There are two primary areas of mismatch that happen due to the Faux Amis of understanding mathematics. The first is that the teacher is striving for students to have relational understanding, but the student is satisfied with instrumental understanding. In other words, the teacher wants the student to understand why the problem works, but the student just wants to get the right answer. This is more common and probably more evident in the classroom. The second mismatch is that the student wants to understand the problem relationally, but the teacher is only teaching instrumentally. In other words, the teacher wants the students to repeat the same steps, or the same procedure, or just follow the rule for each problem. The student wants to understand why, or maybe wants to make more connections to other problems, but the teacher is limiting that.
The crap that they wrote was plain wicked
What are the levels of participation?
In other words, Atayman thinks that the ear evolved from the ordinary skin in other parts of our bodies, and sees our feeling low sounds in our skin as a proof of this.
on a fireman's coffin
T.L. Ricks, the Raleigh RoughRiders’ President says: “We are going to have a lot of fun with this message. The entire plan is not set as of yet, but we plan on meeting with various health groups and organizations across the Triangle to help us assess and finalize our efforts. And we need the input of the community and our fan base as well; this team is the community’s team. Our community can contribute so much to how we present this exciting news.”
Oh this last year has been amazing! Bring on another year (maybe just slower this time) full of giggles, chubby cheeks and little stumpy legs!!
No wonder people fight about it, right?
As talks with congressional Democrats appeared stalled, both Boehner and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner appeared to open the door to resuming direct discussions with the WH. The speaker pulled out those talks on Friday. Asked if that so-called “grand bargain” was dead, Boehner said, “It may be pretty hard to put Humpty Dumpty back together again,” he said. “My last offer is still out there.”
We didn't go far or stay out long,Pa was getting pretty nervous about the speed at which the water was running under the bridges and if we would get stuck.
Church Street, Pretoria 1983
So, this leads to the second point, what is the process by which inequality is produced? To read the many articles which are bothered by inequality, one could easily imagine that it's produced by a combination of unfair taxation, tax dodging and cunning systems of inheritance. It's very cheering to see these aspects of inequality being highlighted but they are what they are: dodges, tricks, benefits. They don't produce the inequality. It's quite possible to make an argument for saying they are necessary part of inequality, in the sense that this is part of how wealth is salted away, hidden, conserved within families and the rich class as a whole.
*the ability to teach
Stephanie and I had skipped breakfast – opting for a couple of tall mugs of Dark Roast Mello Joy coffee. Nearing noon, my beer belly started to announce that it was empty – but I still had about seventy emails to answer – and new ones coming in.
Believing that she is mortal despite the strange things she is able to do Athena receives a letter from Zeus one evening, Prinicipal of Mount Olympus Academy - where all goddess girls and godboys go to school - informing her that he is her father, and she is now at the age to join the Academy and start her goddess training. This first installment introduces us to a number of characters who will eventually have their own books, Aphrodite, Artemis and Persephone, as well as others such as Pandora, Medusa, Poseidon and Zeus, and shows us just what life is like on Mount Olympus.
- You must link directly to the specific post.
As I write these lines,
And I repeat: I have realised that my first-born son at least is no longer a baby.
CLICK ON IMAGE TO ENLAGE
Britany: Ohhh, is it okay to bring animals?
If there's something yummy to be had at the end of it all, there's no fuss or tedium that's not worth the while.
the total equation!
The three drawings for this exhibition:﻿﻿﻿ ﻿﻿ ﻿﻿ ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿
Thirdly there's the 50p tax rate. I was not in favour of raising the top rate from 40p. Nor was the previous Labour Gov't until Gordon Brown thought it was a clever political wheeze to undermine the Conservative Gov't he expected to win in 2010. After all the fuss Labour made (feeding the media's insatiable appetite) they did not oppose its reduction to 45p. All the talk is about it being a 'political' error - not an economic error. Spin rules. But not for all of us.
Spoon into muffin pans and cook at 190 C for 15-20 minutes (my smaller ones took 15 mins, and the bigger ones took 20 mins).
Wandering like old-time zombies,
These are the recollections spinning around in my head like a high, hanging punt as I lug my recording gear to Titans training camp on a 105+ degree August day. After sweltering through practice and doing my best not to be the one idiot who gets flattened by a wide receiver finishing his flag pattern out of bounds, it’s locker room time.
a glass box full of kingfishers,
Gene Lempp is the only human who can instantly tell the difference between a male and female sea horse, he says it’s because all females have a perturbed look on their face, which has something to do with the fact that their husbands are pregnant.
Lysol Wipes $3.49
Well, I get my daughter to agree to move down here with me. The manager at my complex tells me, just go get them and we'll set her up in one of the vacant apartments. Furniture? We'll figure it out. Don't worry. I was going to take a bus to NY. My mother said, she would pick me up and that we would go to the sheriff for an escort, get them out. Then we head back to Tucson on the bus.
And soon enough it seemed like there were more and more people more like me on Pinterest...it wasn't so intimidating, or impractical, or unattainable, or perfect mom-ish.
First there was the baking of the cakes
It was so much fun walking around after the show...Heather and I kept getting silly with these self portraits...I'm not sure why it is that we always hunch down but this picture is the best one of the bunch. At one point, I was laughing so hard that you couldn't even detect that I had eyes!
On to other news -
UPDATE: 2nd April, 2011. The Irish Times reports on a year-old letter from NAMA to the Department of Finance which complained in May 2010 to then-Minister, Brian Lenihan that altering upward-only lease terms to allow upward-downward reviews would devalue NAMA assets and force NAMA to overpay for the remaining tranches since it was valuing by reference to November 2009, disproportionately benefit “foreign” commercial tenants and have unhelpful consequences. The letter was penned by NAMA CEO, Brendan McDonagh and its Head of Portfolio Management, John Mulcahy. It is a year old and a Rice-Daviesesque reaction might be appropriate : “they would say that, wouldn’t they”
How much you need: For women, one serving is best. Men can drink two because enzymes in their stomachs are more effective at metabolizing alcohol. Beyond those amounts, alcohol can cause more harm than help. A study of more than 2,500 people published in Circulation found CRP levels in people who consumed more than the recommended amount of alcohol were higher than in those who drink it in moderation.
“I am SCORPIO,” she said, giving her head a very mechanical tilt in his direction then turning on her heels to head into the office. “If you’ll please follow me.”
You may enroll in the Championship race, or just for the
7. Wood Green Jam - 5:56
See? Won't the future be great?! We won't even MISS that there's no flying cars yet because, really, who will notice?!
Storm advisories, nippy temperatures, overcast skies and rain ... the weather is downright autumnal. As a result, some sectors of the economy are suffering and the mood is at best half-hearted for those who are returning from vacation.
The prime minister vowed for revolution in terms of upholding the fundamental liberties of the citizens of Malaysia prior the enactment of the new PA 2011 yet what the new Act has shown is that the government has no sincerity in protecting the fundamental rights of the people.
Strength: we are stronger than them. Literally. Women can’t pick up couches and maneuver them through doorways and into corners and back through doorways into the room you told them should’ve been that couch’s home to begin with. They have us do that, and in doing so we demonstrate our literal strength – the tendons and muscles that make us the warriors of the race – and our occupational strength in the role of protectors, of doers, of men. Flaunt that strength. Ask her to ask you where the beach is, then roll up that shirt sleeve, flex that bicep and point to the left. Then point to the right. Then say, “Gee, I dunno, looks like you’re already at Muscle Beach.”
I'm now tasked with the.. uh.. task of giving him/her/zie a name. I haven't even assigned it a gender.. most of my other guitars I've given guy monikers. This one is a little prettier, a little sexier that I'm inclined to lean towards a more feminine signature.
To set up what you like against what you dislike
Florian was alive during the times of the Roman Emperor, Darth Diocletian, who was enemy Numerus Unus as far as the early Christian sects were concerned. Florian served in the Roman imperial army stationed in Noricum (modern day Austria and Hungary, see map above), where he commanded the legion. He was also in charge of training the men as firefighters within the division.
Would be want to add one to the stable? Tough question, as I’m just not sure how often it would be used. Amongst our tandem cycling friends, there are probably 1/2 a dozen triplets so it’s not like we couldn’t get our hands on one if we needed to. Frankly, the ideal multi-seater would be a convertible that could be configured as a tandem, triplet or quad. Having four adults on a quad would be a scream!
People always ask me “why do you return to New Zealand again and again”. My answer “because my heart sings with joy and my weary soul feels at ease”.
Normally I totally love it, but this year.... nahh! m(_ _)m
It really didn’t start out that way. In fifth grade, I actually stood at the head of my class and proclaimed that I was going to be the first person on Mars. Seriously. I wanted to be like a hybrid Kes/Dr Crusher on a modern-day Voyager-class Starfleet vessel. (You’re seeing the total introvert geek going on now, right?)
When God was dealing with Israel as His chosen Nation, when they needed reprimanded, He sent other nations to bring Israel to their knees. Since Israel was the only "holy nation" - those who came up against them were any thing but holy. Still, God used them. I'm suggesting He may very well be using others now to bring our Nation to our knees and make us realize we MUST return to Him or suffer the consequences.
So, the “Occupy” movement is an expression of a growing realization that we have been trapped in a dead end with our Economic system, and that we have to begin to create something new. It is a symptom of the Planetary Collective moving towards realization of a new and sustainable future, and right on time! The next few years will be intensely focussed on evolving Social and Economic systems that are Democratic and Sustainable and that serve the interests of all Beings on the Earth. The first steps are being taken……
An enzyme that helps break down protein to digest it better. Foods that contain enzymes, such as papaya and pineapple, fresh fruits and vegetables provide an opportunity for the liver and pancreas to release more toxins.
Director Gordon Douglas made a lot of so-so films but he had it in him to produce something of real quality when the conditions were right. Rio Conchos is among his best movies (and Only the Valiant is another little dark gem tucked away in his filmography) due largely to the tough and cynical script and an uncompromising performance by Richard Boone. To Douglas’ credit, the action scenes are extremely well staged and, along with cameraman Joe MacDonald, he really makes the most of the rugged Utah locations. Still, it’s Boone that carries it all along, playing a mere shell of a man subsisting on hatred and bitterness. His craggy, lived-in features were ideal for westerns, from his iconic Paladin in TV’s Have Gun – Will Travel to a couple of memorable appearances as the villain in two John Wayne pictures, to name just a few. I’ve seen it written that his performance is a bit one note, but I don’t think that’s being entirely fair. One sequence in particular has him showing two vastly different sides to his character within minutes. I’m referring to the scene where the travellers come upon a burned out house containing what one assumes is a tortured and/or violated woman, moaning in agony on her deathbed, while her infant lies neglected in a cot alongside. We can see a series of emotions playing across Boone’s face, but the predominant one is a deep hurt as the terrible vision obviously brings back memories of the fate of his own wife and child. As he puts the woman out of her misery he is close to breaking down totally, the mask of toughness slipping momentarily in the now deserted room. When the raiding party returns to harry the trapped men though, Boone reverts to type almost instantaneously. There is something terrible in his primal joy, the gales of malicious laughter he expels when watching a downed Apache burning to death before his eyes. It could be argued that Lassiter undergoes a change of heart as the quest progresses, seeing that the army mission has some worth in itself that supersedes his own desire for vengeance. Again, I don’t read it that way. The confrontation with Rodriguez seems to me not so much a realization that there are higher issues at stake but more a necessary way of ensuring that his own ambitions are not thwarted.
You get the idea. And it’s a good place to stop because that last bullet leads nicely into the real point of this post.
I was praying that you were happy,
Tools: Spellbinders- classic cicle large + circles picot edge, MS punch- vintage floral
Our loving God is always near—forever by our side.
Beth Whitley has finally put her life back together after her husband’s betrayal and is determined to piece together the clues to her past. But she never imagines an ancient scroll bearing the name of a Celtic ancestor will plunge her into a world of demonic ritual. Nor does she suspect that a kiss shared with genealogist Fintan McClaine will unveil the secrets of her dreams and a burning desire.
So is Mr Modi a spinmeister or is there something everybody is missing?
A pump paintball gun technology is focused on achieving greater speed,accuracy, and air gun store. Paintball fields or Paintball woods are not made to handle the invitation paintball party an expensive paintball gun technology is focused on achieving greater speed,accuracy, and air efficiency. Expanding gas like carbon dioxide forces paintballs through the invitation paintball party an invention would certainly be insane dialogue.However Nitrogen is definitely have the invitation paintball party of altering this velocity of about 300 ft/s. My first few times playing paintball was the invitation paintball party was initially used during the invitation paintball party of practice for paintball. Practice at least one. And when a paintball gun. Do some research and see what upgrades are the invitation paintball party next question. Are you looking for a player can not see past the invitation paintball party a bruise. Also, since wind resistance starts slowing the invitation paintball party. This leads to serious competition. The player becomes an easy target for the invitation paintball party it might have become so popular in the invitation paintball party, exactly military camouflage style. Combatants wear camouflage as well. This is important to make a good realistic paintball rifle to an airsoft weapon, they look like very quality replications.. Although realistic paintball rifle to an airsoft weapon, a person will certainly see quite a few minutes for every single shot? Maybe you can, but I would never waste that kind of gun whether in professional or amateur divisions. Since pump paintball guns? Actually, today most players of the invitation paintball party, Paintball gun, and Paintball gear are camouflaged as well. Practice different strategies you will want to steadily improve their skills quickly is three practices/week; for the further levels.
Via the button you may contribute any amount you see fit to the Paypal account of this blog. The donation swill be used for further development of this blog or other goals associated with communicating the faith and the new of the Church.
Senior Health And Wellness Fair Sponsored by Queen of All Saints Church
Notes: If Craig James ever did say that, you wouldn’t have enough time to use the quote: the Orgeron hears all, and he does not forgive. Lemsday!
My subjects are (don’t fall asleep now):
These orange poppies are growing underneath the bird bath in our backyard garden. I painted them larger than life... in reality these blooms are small... but when you have artistic license at your disposal size doesn't matter!
Pop up their props on dimensionals.
"For reasons which will become obvious, I can't reveal my full identity. But let me just say that, I am an executive with Sony Music UK with many years experience in music mangement. My work involves close liasion with Simon Cowell's SYCO company (specifically SYCO Music and SYCO TV) and, as a result, I have seen what goes on from the inside and this has left me increasingly uncomfortable about the integrity of Britain's Got Talent and particularly the workings of SYCO.
Fast-forward, then, to an Act of Parliament which forces all business owners to do business with all comers without discrimination, even on grounds such as religion. This amounts to nothing more than a nationalisation of one aspect of the entire economy: no longer can business owners draw a line on matters of principle even where they are relevant; the government has made those decisions for them. It is milk-and-water socialism, in one bill.
Even though I have not figured out yet why we all exist, I am very thankful for the life we have.
If only she had worn the denim shirt untucked and found some red skinny jeans a size and a half larger... Her outfit would look great. The shoes and the belt are the only things she got right. Paparazzi was on hand to catch Khloe's fashion crime and the gossip blogs ripped her to shreds. Let this be a lesson kids, always do a full length mirror check before you leave home and buy clothes to fit the body you have not the one you think you have.
There was even an earthquake as far south as Shizuoka Prefecture on Tuesday, March 15. Baird Beer located there reports that there was no damage to their facilities, and they are continuing operations as usual."
I say my goodbyes to Dave, close the cubicle door and wash my hands.
All these terrible things exist in the World, don’t they?
"Nowhere is the cost of trucking more evident to consumers than at the grocery store. Fresh produce and other perishables must be shipped promptly no matter what fuel prices are. Grocers, who also operate on razor-thin margins, must raise their rates in turn. So if you’re wondering why a head of lettuce has jumped from $1.59 to $2.00, that’s why."
*Clear thread
Read from my local library
This one is sweeter, and a little more light-hearted than the other two. After being rough-stuffed by step-dad and bound by step-brother, Lauren needed a little break. So, if you’re a fan of f-f-m threesomes, hot roommates, and just maybe some tugging heart-strings, check it out. From what people are saying, you’ll be glad you did! I’ll update when amazon gets their act together.
Cat: You’re not worthy of receiving a visit from me at this point in the evening. I have other business to attend to.
Vegetable oil, 3 table spoon
The delicious breakfast bowl, rice and wheat noodles in sweet coconut milk with cucumber and carrot shreds and sprouts, makes it hard for me to talk about air con. Then I come to my senses.
Dive Bars- great for people watching
Here we have European Commissioner Erkki Liikanen (responsible for Enterprise and the Information Society) in his speech “Internet governance the way ahead”:
that in him you were enriched in every way,
“Things” collectively compose the entire backstage of my life, the place I can draw the curtain on the world if I wish, the soft place to land when everything is so wearisome, resting my head on a sateen clothed, white, fluffy pillow, drawing my quilt up to my chin – soft and safe from it all – or resting my head in my dog’s fur, my dog who will stand there as long as you want her to just loving you, are comforting, word defying experiences. I still miss Amie so. I probably always will. And you have just viewed a picture of, as friend Jon put it, “the most human dog he has ever known.”
Place some safety pins in to keep it all together.
Though it will be difficult to imagine, I think there area at least two major reason for remaining in the public school system. Since public schools already get a bad rap, I won’t take the time to point out the disadvantages.
You thought the last topics were big, so I'm going to narrow it down a bit.
But before we do, we owe a huge thank you to everyone who downloaded the first series of the podcast. It was a blast to make, and it’s wonderful thinking that there are people out there enjoying it too. As a bit of a thank you, I thought I’d explain what’s happening with us at the moment.
We have been vindicated. As IUSB Vision Editor I also feel vindicated as I spent countless hours of research and sleepless nights to bring you such an accurate analysis early on in the collapse. We are pleased that our analysis has stood the test of time and is still considered one of the best abridged online sources of this crisis available on the internet.
I hate having to rely on others to take care of me, even if for a short period of time.
1- Maddux was called FAT... yes fat people not chubby not chunky just plain FAT.-- unacceptable I think so.
3T corn starch
In brief, it states that due to my many professional and executive accomplishments, Manchester Who's Who (www.manchesterwhoswho.com) is going to include a bio of me in their upcoming registry of other prominent business potentates - free of charge. I kept looking it over for a scam - I have never done anything professionally worthy of note outside of my office. Hmm, so I went online. Sure enough, and alas! for my poor broken heart, it is a scam. Who would have known that an unsolicited mailing that lauds my many so-called but unidentified accomplishments would in the end expect money from me?!? Horrors! What disappointment! All this time I thought I was someone special.
First, you will hear me on BlogTalkRadio interviewed by Brnadette Boas on May 1st at noon. I will talk about Emotional Intelligence and how its concepts may help you in business and your personal life. We will also talk about Domestic Violence. You will be able to call in ad ask me questions. Here’s the link for you to listen and to share with friends:
Check your calendars. Today is officially Tempt Caroline with Everything Day. It started during my 1 o’clock class when my teacher made everyone cupcakes. And I love cupcakes. Then, I went to Schnucks and they had SAMPLES of the Lofthouse cookies… Seriously, when are there ever just free cookies sitting out? Especially those melt-in-your-mouth, icing so good cookies. Next, Barnes & Noble had someone from their Starbucks walking around handing out little cups of their Mocha Chip Frappuccinos with whipped cream and chocolate drizzle. Thank you, society, for making my will power stronger.
Like the empty sky it has no boundaries, yet it is right in this place, ever profound and clear. When you seek to know it, you cannot see it. You cannot take hold of it, but you cannot lose it. In not being able to get it you get it. When you are silent it speaks; when you speak, it is silent. The great gate is wide open to bestow alms, and no crowd is blocking the way.
Maybe there are other reasons besides race involved. Maybe it could simply be not wanting to be around people you believe are rude to you. Or maybe you like to be around someone you can understand. Alternatively, maybe it could be better explained by a great philosopher like C. S. Lewis in his book The Weight of Glory, and the chapter titled “The Inner Ring.” Have your 10th graders read that one and discuss it. This is an English class, right? Now before anyone starts screaming about seperation of church and state, at no time during this thesis of the Inner Ring, does C. S. Lewis bring up God.
lives can change
It's here.. The great smell of .. nicotine...
In my last note, I asked everyone to address the morality of a series of actions. If you look at the responses, there’s a pretty wide range of opinions. Feel free to go back to that thread to contribute, debate, or discuss.
Besides using all fields, Jackson didn’t strike out and displayed a good approach when he had two strikes on him. That is worth noting since Jackson has struck out 351 times over his first two seasons in the majors and his strikeout-rate of 27.1 percent was the fifth worst among qualified hitters in 2011. In the third inning, Jackson got down in the count 0-2 before working it full. After seeing a ball, Jackson fouled off a pitch before getting two straight balls. Jackson ended up flying out to center field. In the fifth he was ahead in the count 3-0 before Lester worked it full. He then flied out right.
* Rotate
Day 7, attend pioneer day celebration and dress the part (kindof).
My babies.
Uplift and water’s erosion created V-shaped paths for rivers. Glaciers then scraped down these paths for multiple ice ages, carving out U-shaped valleys. These became fjords where ocean water filled in. The Klondike Hwy follows a chain of lakes and rivers that flow into the Taiya Inslet, a Fjord.
Note on Helpers: This is important. You have to decide what’s more important: having your whole family and/or group involved in a fun, creative process, or coming out with a beautiful mural. It is quite possible that the two will be mutually exclusive.
My brother and I were having a conversation and the different uses of the word fuck came up…..So I felt compelled to spell some of them out for him…..Now I am sure I forgot some so please feel free to add the ones I have forgotten……
" i literally mean you flow*
10 A little sleep, a little slumber, A little folding of the hands to sleep—
smoke
Property owner(s), if other than applicant (attach written consent from owner)
Guns n’ Roses Paradise city US
(This is the first, in what may be 2 or 3 posts on this issue. This is a general response, next I will respond to the rest of his speech, and perhaps another post to deal with some of the responses that liberals have had to the completely justified outrage that conservatives are feeling about this.)
9~ I do not believe in one size fits all learning philosophies. To say one is the way to go for all children is to discount just how unique our children, and also us as adults learning, are.
Interestingly, right after the river there was this hut with some souvenirs and informational materials about all that BLM lands around and about the highway. You can even get a certificate that you reached the Arctic Circle. On the other side of the highway there was an eating place/store/shower/gasoline/and probably a place to stay – basically what a road sign calls services. We’ve had lunch there consisting mostly of burgers. It was already raining, drizzling mostly.
kuto ‘bhadrāsatī matiḥ
My current endeavour is a book wherein I impart the true chronicle of my 30 years living aboard and restoring a decrepit wooden sailboat… all the while becoming decrepit myself.
When you click on Add a Gadget you will go to a page of different things you can add to your blog, what you want to find is Add HTML/JAVA SCRIPT and click on it
Dong-sik (Kim Jin-kyu), a middle-aged music instructor struggling to provide for his very pregnant wife (Ju Jeung-ryu) and two small children, unwittingly threatens the domestic tranquility of his home when he hires a mysterious chain-smoking young woman (Lee Eun-shim) to help around the house. Needless to say, steaming rice and pickling kimchi aren’t the duties at which the housekeeper excels, who will stop at nothing to get inside her employer’s pants. A no-holds-barred war of the sexes ensues, with the clueless husband caught in the middle, and the (refreshingly unendearing) children as pawns. A twisted cautionary tale of marital infidelity that may appeal more to fans of Masumura than to those for whom Tokyo-ga is the pinnacle of cinematographic art, a newly-remastered print salvages this classic of Korean cinema from undeserved obscurity, allowing for a fresh reappraisal of Kim’s art.
He lay there and tried to purr.
Me: "Daddy is working."
NICE provide their own, sophisticated calculations of the cost in Section 13.3 of the draft guidance. They attempt to model the rates of different levels of complication – and associated costs – and produce weighted mean costs which are much higher than those quoted above: £1,741 for a planned vaginal birth; and £2,365 planned caesarean section; an additional cost of £624. On this basis, if the rate of planned caesarean sections increased from 10% to 11%, the additional cost would exceed £4 million.
A goal I have for my family is to be as self reliant as possible. We have decided to start making the proper actions and prepare for a self reliance challenge. Rather than wait for a disaster to force us to live without outside sources I think it would be fun and reassuring to see how a trial run would go. So here is brief rundown of the self reliance challenge:
2) Add tamarind juice,turmeric powder, dried shrimps,half of coconut milk, kerisek and 1 cup of water.Stir and simmer for 5 minutes.
Publisher - Barbour Publishing, Incorporated
Cable Congress offers an extensive congress programme featuring top executives from the cable, technology, content and new media industries. With more than 40 visionary speakers coming from Europe, the US and Asia, Cable Congress provides insight on the latest developments in the fields of strategy, investments, technology, marketing, content andregulation.
1 inadequate
- Use dresses as tunics and tops over pants or leggings once they no longer work as dresses.*
Mister Crabtree cleared his throat, introduced himself to the class, then announced that he would be permitting each enrollee to offer up one proposed behavioral rule which upon approval by the entire student body would be adopted as official schoolhouse policy for the remainder of that year ... everyone seemed quite agreeable to this unusual course of action, especially Bartholomew Goodfellow--who figured he could use it to his advantage sometime in the very near future ... so each student scribbled their proposal on a small piece of scrap paper and Mister Crabtree collected each of them in an old cigar box ... he then read each suggestion aloud as the class voiced either a yea or a nay ... every rule was unanimously accepted ... even Bartholomew Goodfellow's rule, which was that anyone caught stealing was to receive three stinging blows across the bare back from a willow switch by whomsoever may have fallen victim to said theft ... no exceptions ... Mister Crabtree didn't like this rule in the least, but judged that the mere possibility of such severe punishment would likely deter any thoughts of thievery by any right-minded mortal ...
Off I ran to their website and downloaded the software. You know I love playing with graphic design stuff...hence the 13 blog design changes and 129 1/2 buttons I have used here at Too Much Time. Of course I started this at 9 p.m. and it took a while to download to my computer. At 10:04 last night I started playing and this darn thing kept me up till midnight. There are SOOOO many papers, embellishments, tags, designs, and colors I couldn't stop myself.
Would you like to know what it looks like to live with this disease? Would you like to know the reality of severe ME CFS?
“We will throw the book at you if you are caught,” New South Wales Premier Nathan Rees reportedly said.
Margarett Manlick 19
My previous post, The Messenger, would be unbelievable to some, so here are some more believable and interesting pieces of GK, which I know I knew but didn't know now....can you make any sense of that?!
That cup is almost life-sized. Sheesh! But free is free!
It seems like it’s never enough – or too much!
****CLICK ON PICTURES FOR LARGER IMAGES
“No, Dat Dean. Dat Joe not here.”
...HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY...
Never worn.
1 medium baby bok choy, sliced from tip to root into ¼-inch-thick ribbons
website. It provides an extensive and comprehensive compilation of researched information and support tools written in accessible language. Some of the facts about eating disorders may surprise you. And I cannot express emphatically enough how valuable the support tools are.
MARISOL: Go away.
Stepped in the dirt made something good from it
The easiest way to find it is to find either the Apple shop, Zara, the taco place or Topshop and you will see the bottle shop. Or, if you look for the massive Vue sign, you'll also find it. If you're by MAC/All Saints/AX then right above AX is where the shop is. If you know where the Nandos is (below the Vue) then you'll definitely see the bottle shop.
I believe that humans are naturally lazy creatures. You learn to work hard as you grow up since you discern the values and benefits of doing so. I’m no teacher, but in my observations, I’ve learned that if you give small children choices to do things, they pick an easier option if they know their choices. You can say the same with the language. They simply pick the language easier for them, the one they use more frequently.
And on March 24, Taylor butted Miss Jackson three times, punched her in the face and bit her on the cheek.
Tony Stark: For taking Loki alone, he was out of his league!
God does not allow for disobedience. Saul was king of Israel and in 1 Samuel 15:3 he was told by God to “Go and smite Amalek, and utterly destroy all that they have, and spare them not; but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass.” Did he obey the Lord? That answer is in verse 9. “But Saul and the people spared Agag, and the best of the sheep, and of the oxen, and of the fatlings, and of the lambs, and all that was good, and would not utterly destroy them; but everything that was vile and refuse, that they utterly destroyed.”
Of course along with my new found love of bands with names that scared the shit out of my mother came a sense of rebellion, typical teenager that i was it was time to push the boundaries all while remaining faithful to the game i loved, Kurt Cobain would've hated me, i was the hotshit basketball player who hung out in the counter-culture, though i'd say i was a bit more Jim Carroll, i played my game and did what i wanted in my spare time, hung out with guys who weren't playing sports, guys who were my friends cuz we were friends, guys who liked to chase girls and drive to fast... and did i mention that my new found love of hardcore, my surplus army jacket with writing all over it, my Chuck Taylor's with the anarchy symbol drawn over the label (original wasn't i) began to attract a whole new set of girls? Girls my mother would say were of questionable moral standing which was the exact sort of moral standing i was looking for at the time...
Do I go back?
So after that great workout, I stuck to the plan for my food all day, and went out dancing with one of my friends that night. I LOVE to dance, it's such a good de-stresser for me, and it's an awesome workout for my abs and legs, 'cause I do some great stuff with my hips. I did have one mixed drink while I was out, but I do not feel bad about that at all because I spent a good two hours dancing, so I'm quite sure I worked those calories off. Here's a picture of my food for that day. The oatmeal for breakfast was really good. It was just plain oatmeal (not from a packet), but with some slivered almonds and a scoop of chocolate whey protein powder added to it. Chocolate oatmeal--yum! My lunch and dinner were also really delicious and really filling. If you want to know exactly what was in the salad or fajita or anything, just leave a comment about it.
“I AM the police” he said, getting onto the driver’s seat, “so they just let me through”.
How could I allow 3, nearly 4 months slip by? I have knitted a ton and been busy taking pics etc. I vow to get caught up over the next week or so and stay on top of it.
So: about 7 1/2 hours of actual work, maybe more like 7 if you don't count the parts of office hours when I'm not actually talking to students or dealing with work-related e-mail. And the last 2 1/2 hours were technically optional. Which might, theoretically, seem to support the Hypothesis of Professorial Laziness. But honestly? I doubt most people with nine-to-five office jobs really do more than seven hours of work a day, once you knock out breaks and faffing around on the Internet, and they usually don't have to grade over the weekends.
He had a way of shuffling his feet, knees bent, that made him look like he was flowing water, or maybe just gracefully boneless – I saw him move with the same fluidity and grace when he played basketball with me in the driveway.
Add the panko. Stir for a minute. Add the gnocchi. Stir and toss. Season with salt, pepper and tomato Basil seasoning.
I’ve come so far, I can’t hold back, and here it is, my insight
As a kid, my brother and I used to call McD's double cheeseburger the Double-Double Cheeseburger 'coz it seemed so huge to us then. But don't come finding cheeseburgers on our booth! What we meant is that we will be sharing the booth with a sister shop called DeejaiSupplies which will be selling all kinds of craft supplies. It will be a double-double seller booth! Find out more about Deejai Supplies on their Facebook and Etsy page.
Perhaps I feel a certain kinship to the Panama hat. They were brought to America by the California '49ers, gold-panning adventurers back in 1849 who had picked up the hats from Panama. I don't ask for the same hardships these Prospectors faced, but I do love the spirit of the Wild West out here.
Simon & Garfunkel The Boxer US
"Karuizawa Tsutagura Spring/Summer Aged 16 Years. 40 per cent alcohol.
Now your phone is new, and it’s empty. Time to update the phonebook BUT, HOW??? If you have bunch of contacts, say at least a hundred, would you find it convenient to enter each mobile / office / home contact numbers, personal / corporate email, home / office address, and other details one by one? Well, if that is one of your OC-ness and you find fun in doing that, I totally respect that.
we can embrace the gifts we hold
No Slippy Hair Clippy® has a great selection of other baby and toddler hair accessories that keep hair neat and keep your daughter cool. Have a look around or leave a comment for more summer accessory-related advice!
We're off tomorrow for three concerts in Brussels with our dear friend Erica Buettner. Band camp goes on the road to the land of the Belgian waffles and Belgian beer! We'll be back in Paris for another concert 14 janvier.
Week 6: Sunday, Oct. 14, New England, 1:05 PM
Some of you say, "Joy is greater thar sorrow," and others say, "Nay, sorrow is the greater."
Pooh's primal goal is to calm his rumbly tumbly. Being that he is a character meant for young children, this is an appropriate goal for that audience. Even an oblivious newborn can relate to hunger. But something like love? It's not quite so cut-and-dry. Hunger is what makes Pooh an instantly alive character we want to succeed.
Ok...i'm not really a cute stamper...but you get the idea (:o)
The remaining 1984 track, Personality Meltdown, featuring Steve Turner on vocals, is unfortunately incomplete. It is a punk rocker that may date back to the one of the bands predecessors. Interesting, but non-essential!
The only question I have at this point is when can we expect the Murdoch retirement party?
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
There is also her struggle to reconcile her poetry, ironic, “multiverse,” with her relation to others, to the “real” world.
Did you do any session for anyone else?
I used Bo Bunny’s “Garden Girl” collection, including all the extra little bling and chipboard. The flowers are from Wild Orchid Crafts.
So here we go!
If that weren’t bad enough, I’m also an actor: one of those pampered ninnies who hasn’t bought a loaf of bread in a decade and can’t find his way through an airport without a babysitter. I wouldn’t be surprised to find that I’ve got some Chinese characters tattooed on my arse. Or elbow. Same thing.
All small talk inevitably leads to the most personal questions and I envy the famous or even the quasi-well-known- who don’t have to indulge in small talk unless it’s with someone he or she wants to indulge in it with. I personally would have no idea what to say to Sam Lipsyte in a small conversation. I’d probably say, “I liked your book,” and then what? Unless he’s from Flushing- then maybe we could talk to each other for a few minutes
Connor: “Noooo taco!!”
In conclusion, I owe it to my leaders to pray for them regularly and fervently. Look at 1 Timothy 2:1-2,
P.S: Refrigerate the batter if you are not using it immediately. The longer you keep it out/unrefrigerated, the shorter the life of your batter.
blueberry/fruit picking
My son and I went to Sam's Club today... something takes you over and you buy in quantities that the U.S. Government would envy! Suddenly, 24 rolls of toilet paper doesn't seem like a lot.. 8 large cans of black olives is a deal! 5lbs. of Italian sausage is a bargain..etc. $177 bucks later(before filling gas tank!) you ask your self- what was I thinking!!!! They must have subliminal messages playing over the piped in music! The guy in front of me was buying two old Jimmy Buffet CDs for 8.88 a crack! What possessed him? His 50ish wife had the blank look of a brain-washing...The Hispanics skip the cart and go for the flat bed cargo haulers..I guess they are buying for the neighborhood.. I did get a clip on pair of sun glasses, which the girl in the eye care department said they don't carry..cheerful, yet stupid...
On my way back through the little gate staring me in the face was one of my potted tubs just mindelessly vandalised - tipped up and plants pulled out and compost all over the place. Baffled, again no-one in sight - by no-one I was referring to either DAVE THE LAMB - OR MAX AND MATILDA THE DAMN GEESE) I once again started to scoop quickly - mainly due to me now being practically a soil scooping expert and being really mad - I was so mad. I went inside before I did something to Dave I might regret.
Danson
What was your greatest joy?
What's amazing about Look Back in Anger is how autobiographical it purportedly is. John Osborne, the playwright, was also notoriously horrible to his loved ones - after repeatedly insulting her, he threw his teenage daughter out of the house and never spoke to her again. Like Jimmy Porter, the cruelty of his language was infamous. And what's amazing is that someone so, well, self-involved and dick-ish, could have been able to write anything remotely three-dimensional at all. It's a wonder he managed to create characters other than Jimmy Porter - especially Jimmy's long-suffering wife, Alison, and friend, Cliff.
Fascist flag of Italy…
Makeup very much so probably a no go)
Opal is no Yelena that’s for sure. She’s a shy person and always hesitant but you can see the changes in her throughout the book and I’m sure that more will come in the next books. Many characters that we know from the previous series are in this series too and even Yelena makes a brief appearance.
Fitness doesn't get you out of bed on a cold and rainy Saturday morning, into head-to-toe spandex and into the car for a 30 minute drive through bleak conditions just so that you can step out into a giant puddle to charge up a slippery mud trail even though two mountain bikers carefully descending the same trail tell you that you're out of your mind and get back in the car.
Today Snake was eating an apple. I looked up to see him take a bite. And then it looked like he rubbed it across his face to his ear. My eyebrows went up. He took another bite, then rubbed the apple on his face again. A third and fourth time, and I said "Why are you rubbing the apple on your face???"
It briefly crossed his mind that if he'd followed the teacher's advice to sit on trees he would have been nearly invisible. He blinked and looked around.
But it turns out that this babysitting job was much more fun than I expected. What we arranged was for me to bring the kids up to Mohonk so we could enjoy the fun. First we went ice skating, and then we took a walk around the lake. finally, we ended the day with tea and cookies in the hotel.
for the pate sucree aux amandes (sweet almond dough) :
“I didn’t have to take the back off,” he says. “It was already loose.” He demonstrates by pulling the plate away from the body of the iron.
As Europe and United States stumble, Brazil has found its feet. Evidence of that is a surging middle class that is using its newfound wealth to reach for something more: luxury.
But that sums up our troubled world today: we are all being forced into a blender, and being transformed into something whose ultimate form is still unknown. And many people are not bothered by that. The few of us that are deeply disturbed by it, who feel that we are being robbed of much beauty and variety by this homogenizing process, are pathologized for wishing things to be as they were.
Hazur’s Message
That means the mini origami boxes are out. It also means the yarn ball ornaments are out. Maybe I'll have to do something completely different than what I had thought of at first! Time will tell. I think my friend Kat had something on her blog that would work very, very well...and so I will think more on it.
Beyond the emotional experience
And he does have a scar on his chin, my hero (though this particular hockey player doesn’t). How did he get it?
It was reported yesterday that we dont spend half as much on
I discovered quite early on that not only was I able to write, but that I really enjoyed writing. It was one of the few things I was any good at, so a no brainer really.
And maybe get some free beer.
Angela had two boys and four grandchildren by an ex-daughter-in law. She helped her boys with schooling, cars and even housing. Of course, she helped her grandchildren, although the grandkids were seldom seen. Constant phone calls for help in one way or another became the norm.
However harsh the above statement, however disagreeable to the fighters against the monstrous apartheid system, it is a truth that needs bold examination by our people, and the whole of the ANC membership.
Headlight beams twist around bent corners…
“I appreciate everything he has done for the program and we wish him well in his head-coaching career.”
If I'm going to really believe a romance, I will feel that ache. I will feel need beyond the usual giddiness and happiness and excitement of a crush. I will be reminded of that part of myself that can't let go of him because he's different. Yes, I'm seventeen. Yes, I can be silly and boy-crazy. Yes, so can most girls. But if your main character's love interest is nothing more than face value - if he starts that way and continues to be defined that way - I'm sorry, but there's something fundamentally missing there. Your character should be changed when she considers her love for that boy. She with him should be a different character from she without him - almost a character in and of itself, subtle and nuanced. And if the relationship is a really good one, the reader will like she with him just as much as - or more than - she without.
Treverlyn: “My main goal for this project is to learn more about the community, I would like to know what life was like back then, how people could live without cell phones or without internet.”
From the man who gives me all I need
Some bloggers have responded by restricting comments to those with Blogger and OpenID accounts, but I tend to feel the anonymous comments are often some of the best on this blog.
3 surprised
So we teach him words, especially animals because that is the age he’s at right now. And he loves it. He loves horses, dogs, frogs, fish, turtles, sheep, pigs, cows, bunnies, dogs, bears, monsters, and did I mention dogs? So we’re in bath, and Benjamin has this mat from Target (which I love because of the Octopus, which is sadly not pictured). We ask him, where’s the shark? He points to the shark. Good job, Benjamin! Where’s the fish? He points to the fish. He also identified the octopus and the yellow fish (hey, it’s never too early for colors!)…the yellow fish thing might have just been a good guess, though, because he couldn’t find the green fish (or red fish, blue fish, haha, just kidding Dr. Seuss).
Be careful what you ask for – you just may get it.
The punters mostly want wheat and fruit beers. Some are very knowledgeable indeed and ask for the serious lambics, Hanssens and Girardin. Others just want something fruity. Girardin is the only frambozen we have and it sells out very fast indeed. We had some plain gueuze and strawberry gueuze from Hanssens, but they disappeared so quickly that I’m not sure any more that I ever saw them to begin with.
style is unique and unprecedented, and, as is the way with
Most interesting were the questions from the community members. Several times I heard the same ones posed to the correctional officers and their commanders leading the tour. "Will there be murderers in here?" "What's the longest sentence?" and "How many people are allowed in the showers?"
And quietly, sadly, in the background, many families are facing the reality they have no way of renting anything with pets. Displaced and facing being homeless, their priorities have to be with shleter and providing for their children and a wave of animals are appearing for rehoming, or euthanasia, or ultimately abandonment. Appeals have been made to landlords to relax their rules in an attempt to stop more families losing their pets on top of everything else.
McDonald AD, Cherry NM, Delorme C, McDonald JC. Visual display units and pregnancy: evidence from the Montreal survey. J Occup Med 1986; 28: 1226-1231.
The story's about a bank clerk that gets mixed up with some bank robbers in their 'haunted house' hideout designed to scare off police and snoopers.
And they'd know that it's the farmer that feeds them all…”
Doing
Sample beers from Regional Craft Breweries at this festival, including:
Nothing doing. It was something else, and I think boredom was a huge factor. Six months ago her only son moved out to California to pursue his dreams, leaving Marlene with major empty-nest-syndrome. The fact that Junior was now thirty didn’t seem to make a difference.
But to be fair, back in past days, a large percentage died regardless of what was done, so it is hard to determine the truth.
Our training facilities mean we do not have to charge extras such as gallop fees – we have a great range of private facilities including gallops, horse walker, schooling ring, jump school, spacious stables, lush grazing and a warm welcome to owners in our owners area.
When he was pulled over the police were suspicious of him and his behavior. A black guy driving along is already a suspect. A black guy driving like shit is more than enough reason to pull the car over and investigate what’s going on. When the police walked up to Mr. Perry’s car to find out what’s going on, Mr. Perry replied that he drives the way he does to make sure he’s not being followed. At that point the hairs on the back of the two police officer’s neck must have risen up. Their hands may have already been on their service pieces in their holsters. But I’m quite sure at that point they disengaged the safety and whatever straps were used to keep their piece in check. A black man talking about he’s being followed must be a drug dealer or something else criminally oriented.
to lung in
I didn't get an outfit picture as I forgot (too busy playing ;P) So I took a picture of my clothes when I had taken them off :D
Yeah, it sure would.
I'd noticed that alongside the Proper Job pump was another St. Austell brew called 'IPA', and I remarked how interesting it was that two of the four cask ales available were IPA's.
The Minster has lots of stories to tell, and we’ll bring you highlights in our book next year. There are Roman connections (mosaic floors and plaster wall paintings), links to the French Revolution, Robin Hood-style green men, and charity for Southwell’s poor…
Imagine that your client has suffered a crippling stroke or heart attack or has been diagnosed with cancer. Further imagine (and this will not be difficult) that your client’s medical and/or disability insurance are woefully inadequate and the bills begin to pile up like snow in a nor’easter.
Looking forward to Thanksgiving break. 4 whole days with Matt, heck yes...
4 come
5. Secretariat meeting
The woman who smiled when she was alone and laughed through her pain.
When I came home from work one afternoon last week with my feet feeling fiery and swollen, straining at their Repettos, I knew that in spite of what the calendar said, summer heat was nearly upon us -- and with it, endless months of fluid retention.
LT: Well, I think that’s sad because that person is going to get coal in his stocking, and how fun is that?
I'd like to thank you for your kind words and prayers through this hard time.
So what are we to make of this? Does Operation Uhuru exist only in the understandably paranoid nightmares of South African whites, or is there really a plan in place for the day when that most beatified of retired terrorists has his final meeting with Beelzebub?
City Awning & Signs Ltd – Your Premium Business Partner on Awnings & Signage
No surprises to find none of the more traditional colours (ie. pink, red, or even purple). But actually come to think of it, these are probably the “traditional” shades for me .. lol..
Truth is forever the same, but modes and emphases and interpretations vary. It is a cheering thought that Christ can adapt Himself to any race or age or people. He will give life and light to any man or woman anywhere in the world regardless of doctrinal emphasis or prevailing religious customs, provided that man or woman takes Him as He is and trusts Him without reservation. The Spirit never bears witness to an argument about Christ, but He never fails to witness to a proclamation of Christ crucified, dead and buried, and now ascended to the right hand of the Majesty on high.
I guess it's time I started posting pictures.
She kisses his
There's also a class component to this story, in that the porter's pride in his job and his uniform only causes him to be content in his relative poverty. He returns home to a decrepit, cramped tenement apartment and struts around as though he's an important and wealthy man, but actually he's a servant with a nice costume and an inflated sense of his position, which distracts him from his actual class status. Jannings' performance is remarkable, communicating all this complex emotion and social angst through his body language and his expressive eyes, about the only part of his face that's visible behind his ornate facial hair. When the porter learns of his fall from grace, he tries to keep up appearances by stealing back his old uniform, but it proves to be not enough. Whereas he used to return home with his chest puffed out, walking with a regal manner, his confidence is shaken now, and he skulks into the courtyard, hunched over, anxiously looking around as though he wants to simply disappear into the shadows. He has to remind himself to stand up straight and try to project confidence, but as he walks towards his apartment, his slouch returns, slowly but surely, and soon he's scurrying home past the laughter and disapproval of the neighbors who were once so awed by his seeming dignity.
We understood that wisdom came with experience, maturity and age. Knowledge was the purview of the educated, the wealthy and the gainfully employed, not feckless pinheads with an over-inflated sense of self-worth and Wikipedia book marked on their laptops.
capacity forN 55million from John Holt, a reputable vendor in abuja.
We will be staying at ENCORE! Pretty swanky from what I hear. It couldn't work out more perfect because some of our favorite DJs will be "making beats" at the top clubs; which are in our hotel!
#2) Mind sharing what you work for?
YA - melodramatic
Sadly, the week went quickly and I wasn't able to convince Jen to stay longer. We'll just have to hope they come back again soon, and often.
that made me want put my foot against his side of his head on the floor and give it a good pull.
We gathered our things, and took off quickly for the airport entrance. I had Blake on my front in a baby carrier, a ginormous backpack on my back, and I was pulling my carry on suitcase. The airport parking lot wasn’t paved and I misjudged a “curb” I needed to step over. As though it were happening in slow motion, I caught my suitcase on something and lost my center of balance. With all that extra weight on my front and my back, I couldn’t stop myself and literally felt straight backwards. No bending at the knees or waist, just straight up and down one minute and flat on my back the next. Oh, I felt silly, of course, but didn’t realize until later that I did actually hurt myself. My ankle took a beating! Maybe that whole no pictures in public is a good thing. There is no record of my sheer gracefulness! :)
My first pair of running shoes
Folks, they are right. And even though we will face a lot of opposition, this is a battle worth having. But we will need courage.
We hope you’ve heard the good news…….Leigh and Lowton Sailing Club are
The problem with the heart worm pills is that if I hadn’t noticed it right away, he might have been unprotected for the last month in the year. I wouldn’t have had the bill to see that I did pay for 6 and might have thought that the dosage had been reduced this year. Or, I might not have even noticed.
Out of all the indies I know, I know the least about Candeo Colors. Partially because it is new, and partially because from what I can tell it has a very minimal online presence.
4.requiem/alive(undead)
(Center) Is Agamemnon
"You have two choices. One: pay for everything yourself, or Two: start drinking heavily every night to build up your tolerance and then take take her out and when she's drunker than you, convince her to say yes."
Mind Chatter is like an inner voice that constantly analyzes everything about our lives, surroundings and the people we know. It is a voice in the head that just keeps talking and talking! It starts sometimes before we even open our eyes in the morning making a mental list of what we need to do, and follows us through the day, and is even with us when we close our eyes in bed, wishing something different had been done or said. It happens when we gossip, or think negative thoughts about others.
It's a DOUBLE giveaway! Adrienne over at Wiggin's World is giving away TWO giftcards! One to Target & one to Dollar Tree! (Both a mecca to teachers...right?!)
from their everyday distractions.
voyage, produce babies to every honest woman”. How the women felt about this,
One thing I really need to do is get cracking on my Parisian townhouse. The shell is done but I have had trouble coming up with the right color paint for the windows. Of course I got distracted by my website but I think I have some good candiate colors now so I am planning to pull those windows out and get to work.
5) Primary and general elections are held--in Utah, this is done for fun, but it's already been decided that a case of rabies will be sent to Congress in lieu of the outgoing eighteen years of experience.
Until next time -
There are thus three important elements in the test for art as articulated by Wilson J.: i) it must not be a disembodied idea but have a method of practical application; ii) it must be a new and inventive method of applying skill and knowledge; and iii) it must have a commercially useful result: Progressive Games, Inc. v. Canada (Commissioner of Patents), 177 F.T.R. 241 (T.D.) at para. 16, aff’d (2000), 9 C.P.R. (4th) 479 (F.C.A.).
All in all a good weekend. I really wanted to visit Lancaster Brewing Co. or Iron Hill, but at last I got to drink a good number of Stoudt’s beers. And that made me happy.
We are looking forward to the opportunity to meet so many of our fellow Kent and Sussex residents, and share in the unique and wonderful experience of this annual tradition. We hope you will take the opportunity to visit events such as this one as well, and explore all that the local businesses have to offer. If you get the chance, stop by and say “hi” in your travels. Spring is upon us Delaware, are you ready to get out there and have some fun?
If you answered yes to all the questions above then, congratulations, you are creative!
Article 5 An agriculture administrative department of the people’s government at the province level or above shall set up state-level and province-level monitoring points in the following areas so as to monitor the dynamic changes of the safety of places of origin of agricultural products and direct the administration and production of the safety of places of origin of agricultural products.
I try to go back to my hometown in the suburbs of Philly once a month to visit friends and family, but it's always a treat to have the reverse too! Two weekends ago, I played host to my dear friends from high school Anna, Mary Kate, and Jillian. They've visited before and have seen the sights, so we just stayed in my downtown Manhattan neighborhood and hung out. Here's a mini recap!
As I mentioned in my previous post, I had the honor (and fun) of being a part of my niece's first birthday party last week. I'm pretty sure that the terrible cold/flu bug I caught during my trip up to Canada was care of Delta airlines, but being with family made this sickness I've been struggling with for the past few days worth it.
A wonderful Message by George Carlin - hope this touches you like it did me
Some lovely old lace that is recycled from a vintage doily has been added and a faux ribbon using Old Olive card stock. Nice and easy but I do love the warmth and fullness the Vintage Medallion art stencil has added! I do have to say that card making and scrapbooking are so much quicker with these art stencils that can be use din so many ways!
I make all my own household cleaners using lemon, baking soda, water and vinegar and have been using Dr. Bronner's castile soaps too. I am working on an effective dishwasher detergent.
Hishammuddin said this based on ‘new evidence” provided in the police report lodged By Razali yesterday morning.
H is my closest and dearest friend. Our friendship presently spans 22 years. We met through a mutual acquaintance at university. If you met us you might think we were chalk and cheese but our chemistry works. There are similarities in our personal histories and we are both independent and creative women. To this day I don't think we have ever missed each others birthdays. H isn't just a friend though, she is family and my most trusted confidant.
She knocked quietly on the glass doors before pushing them open.
And here's a view of the hem with the tucks, lace, beading, and entredeux. The #16 gathering foot for my Bernina came in handy for the lace on the neckline, sleeves, and hem.
The flying part? They used a hoist to get into my new wheel chair.
The other night I was idly flipping channels and happened upon a concert broadcast from the Plaza de Toros in Palma, Mallorca. It was a German show called "Wetten, dass?" - a cross between You Bet! and Jools Holland. This show is not to be sniffed at: it is reputedly the most popular Saturday-night TV variety show in Europe. A German porn star type male introduced acts to an audience of well disciplined German tourists, who clapped along obediently, with not so much as a hint of rhythm. It was a far cry from Glastonbury, I can tell you, with portly Germans in their brand new T-shirts standing to attention and clapping in time uncertainly, waiting for the order to stop from the middle-aged bleached blond host. In between celebrity songsters, members of the public peform bizarre stunts, and the audience bet on whether they will succeed or fail.
Here in 1st Class Room 9, we love experimenting and learning about different things in our environment. On Friday 27th April, we planted some cress and basil seeds that one of our classmates brought into school that day. The seeds had come with smoothie cartons and so were held inside small cardboard circles. This cardboard is biodegradable- that means that it will break down, or decompose.
(Parenthesis: if you want to skip the pre-amble, jump straight to paragraph five. I need to give some context but I don’t want to bore you!)
For example how?
With five minutes to the 8pm close, Owen Dudley Edwards asked the candidates to say a few final words.
In the peaceful village of Devil's End something very strange is happening. A professor is preparing to open a nearby burial mound and a local white witch foresees death and disaster. Meanwhile, the new vicar looks suspiciously like the Master and he is using black magic to conjure up an ancient Dæmon. Can the Doctor, Jo and UNIT stop their old enemy before he succeeds?
33 And he said, Throw her down. So they threw her down: and some of her blood was sprinkled on the wall, and on the horses: and he trode her under foot.
In the meantime, here's a bit of a visual from the Michigan cottage, a total of 1750 miles driving to and fro. My disclaimer is that I took only my 100mm macro lens with me and had no intention of documenting the family time. Therefore, it shouldn't surprise you, let alone me, that I took no pics of my own kids! (What was I thinking???) But in the end, they wanted to see what I did take.
The cascade is slightly revised, again with the two conjoined winglets. Now the larger outboard winglet is curved near the join with the endplate, creating a deeper angle of attack and correspondingly a larger vortex spilling of the wingtip to direct airflow around the tyre.
As a small business owner, I don't have to issue a lot of people 1099s. Two to three dozen a year. It's not complicated, really, though it has often been annoying, since the forms are expensive, not always easy to find in stock, and you have to mess around with the alignment to get them to print right. So I was pretty excited by the idea of eFiling the 1099s and then being able to print them on plain paper. At $39, it seemed reasonable. At the "early bird" pricing of $25.00, it seemed very reasonable. Though, to be honest, you do still have to mail them. So you have to buy envelopes especially for 1099 forms. The motivator for me is that this year I have to mail exactly 25 of them and the forms are sold in batches of 25. If I mess one up or have to reprint at all, I'm going to need another batch. But if I pay for this eFile service, I can print them as needed on plain paper. So that's a bit of insurance for me, I guess.
confectioners' sugar
I've also linked this up to the Verve Blog Hop that's going on at the moment. The DSP is all from some the same set that I've had for AGES but am hesitant to use cos it's sooo pretty! I matted each layer onto Crumb Cake cardstock and inked the edges for a distressed look. I added some soft grey satin ribbon and some pearls to finish.
Patton Oswalt
Here are 10 areas in which people are different adapted from Dr. Steve Stephens (Marriage: Experiencing the Best) that I found in Lists to Live By: For Everything that Really Matters. Great for couples and for teams!
It’s kind of weird to think that this time last year I was still on my old blog and I had not yet crashed my car, or gotten to visit the Brofam in their current Midwestern home yet, or gone to the Newport Folk Festival, or met Paul, or even started the Matchmaker’s prescribed dating plan, mostly because I had only just met the Matchmaker. I had cleaned up Oscar’s mess to end all messes, but we won’t talk about that too much.
Taking an audacious and shocking angle against the constitutional eligibility mandate, Obama’s lawyer, Alexandra Hill, admitted that the image of Obama’s birth certificate was a forgery and made the absurd claim that, therefore, it cannot be used as evidence to confirm his lack of natural born citizenship status. Therefore, she argued, it is “irrelevant to his placement on the ballot”.
:: Drinking lots of water.
Friday is going to be Blame Somebody Else Day, Thomas Jefferson Day, Scrabble Day and National Peach Cobbler Day.
Oh, lordy, I have not laughed so hard, for so long, in I cannot tell you when. (And, yes, Jaye, I, too, am glad that video cameras were not present to record my attempts at following their hot club moves.)
side.
Today it's our first challenge for 2012 at BunnyZoe's and we have photo inspiration for you. I got a few Tilda's before Christmas and they didn't meet ink so I thought I would ink up this little beauty for this ocassion. Of course she is available along with many Magnolia stamps from BunnyZoe.
“God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets, Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his son…”
Ingredients for Lemon Curd Filling
I am THRILLED to share with you the steps to create a fun and zany "Hallowe'en In Wonderland" inspired mobile... as shared on the Graphic 45 blog a few days ago. As soon as I saw the new line by Graphic 45, this project popped into my head. I immediately thought of the movie scene where all of the card solders were trying to catch poor Alice... the cards were flying this way and that... and little Alice finally got away. I thought a hanging mobile would be a fun way to make those cards fly again!
Ahh, a new week. I am thankful for a fresh Monday :).
CHD Expert has established an industry wide reputation as being a global leader in providing data to the foodservice industry. We have achieved this expertise by collecting, analyzing, segmenting and managing foodservice industry data from a variety of sources for over fifteen ears. Over this time, one of the core strenghts we have established is our ability to provide accurate and up-to-date data to our clients.
But, rising from the anger of a priest, the Takṣaka dragon would take his life. He was never overcome by terrible fear, because his intentions were always fixed upon the All-Attractive.
May be it is a sign of my underestimating the power of the dark side, but I feel that the big picture is something we have to pay attention to. Quants in Singapore seem to do what they are asked to do. They do it well, but they do it without questioning. We should be more aware of the implications of our work. If we recommend Monte Carlo as the pricing model for a certain option, will the risk oversight manager be in a pickle because his VaR report takes too long to run? If we suggest capping methods to renormalize divergent sensitivities of certain products due to discontinuities in their payoff functions, how will we affect the regulatory capital charges? Will our financial institute stay compliant? Quants may not be expected to know all these interconnected issues. But an awareness of such connections may add value (gasp, another managerial phrase!) to our office in the organization.
- I like that it is sleek and I can wear it under my hoodies and no one can tell. (Obviously if I wear it under neither a tight shirt you can see the bump of the MP3 player)
You are a foreigner and you have no money in South Africa,” Issa explained, adding that the officers swore at him and told him to “f**k off from SA”.
The Nutella Crepe is laced with Powdered Sugar and Whipped Cream. The Crepe itself is pleasantly warm, with a slightly toasty texture to boot. The Nutella mixes beautifully and provides that familiar sweet, Chocolate and Nut induced bliss-coma. The Whipped Cream adds a fantastic fluffy sweetness. Delightful.
Well said, Daniel.
I got teary eyed leaving the hospital today, because today is the first day of our new life. Today- we get to be a "normal" family for the first time since before Max was born. Today is the start of our new life and we are going to grab it by the horns and live the heck out of it.
I had a good day yesterday. I went to my friend, Maren's house after I got Joe on the bus, and we hung out. Her hubby had the laptop, and she wanted to check her mail and send out a few emails. I was only too happy to oblige.
But not this year!!! This year the calendar aligned so Bayram started Monday at 12pm and ended Friday. The government decided to give us all of Monday off which means we have the whole week off! YAY!
After all the “will she, or won’t she?”,”she” finally did. Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, has called a Federal election. House of Representatives and half of the Senate. She wants to be Australia’s first elected female Prime Minister. For now, she’s Australia’s first female Prime Minister by usurpation. She grew fangs, attacked Prime Minister Rudd, and chucked him on the garbage heap. Finished. A blot.
I'm changing up this blog a bit! I'll be posting sketches but there will be a twist! You have to BLEND the sketch with a song! I love listening to Sirius radio and "The Blend" station plays a wonderful "blend" of great songs, old and new! So, I'll be posting a layout and card sketch every 2 weeks, and along with it 5 songs to choose from to inspire you. You can let the title inspire you or choose a stanza from the song, or even let the theme of the song inspire you.
But I never felt I was ever talking to the real person. He was always being the ‘Frank Carson’ character.
Even the balloon dog knows where we should head.
It is not difficult to bake one. Here are the tips to make a perfect pie crust:
During the week I’m the vulnerable prey of tabloid journalists and radio phone-ins – the classic shrill Arsenal fan who is so easy to wind up. Stir up some controversy about Arsenal and give your website hits or join your listenership for a couple of hours.
After the food, Mommy went to get souvenirs that were given out to guests of the event. One is a vege and fruit hamper, and 3 boxes of Huggies Ultra free sample diapers - 2 diapers in a box, each box being size M, L and XL, respectively.
The aim would be to establish a nature preserve open to hikers, nature lovers and educational groups.
Three months after her daughter was born, Megan was downsized from a job she didn’t really love, which allowed her to shift gears and meld her interest in athletics into a new career. She went back to school and became an Advanced Certified Personal Trainer. A short while after landing a position at Fitness Together in Westborough, she took on the challenge of studying for her prenatal/postnatal certification, all while continuing to work as a trainer, caring for her toddler and navigating her second pregnancy.
Rob Gronkowski ripped
Images Of America Holly Springs by Alice Long & Mark L Ridge 1998
I’m looking forward to running this because:
That would be, she says, devastating on two counts: firstly, no one wants to lose their home. But, probably more importantly, it’s Amy’s home. “I am really desperate to keep the house because Amy could walk back in at any second,” Audrey insisted.
My dad encouraged me to read a lot of classic children's literature when I was young, so I loved Stevenson, Kipling, Rice Burroughs and Blyton. I think that their books still stand up today, and my kids love The Famous Five as much as I did at their age (the language seems a bit clonky at times, but the stories hold up fabulously well). Children's books are more sophisticated today, but I believe that great adventure stories like Treasure Island or the Tarzan books can still hold a modern reader's attention.
Who are your favorite bloggers and why?
No tidying up for the photo this morning = this is as it is! I'm mid some DT work and also my Christmas cards so all sorts out and about! Been playing with shimmer paints on black card and various other things!
This is not to say I'm anti-social or a hermit! I like to make people laugh, I like to entertain, I like support, I like fancy dress parties; but these are milestones in a quiet life rather than vice versa .
At the most recent sale I bought a four-CD set of Elvis Presley's greatest hits, a rain gage for the garden, a book on how to build stuff from lumber, and a hummingbird feeder. I have thus far listened to two CD's, the rain gage has about an inch of water sitting in it, and the book has been read and now sits in the reference library (the cabinet across from the toilet). The hummingbird feeder is another story.
Every couple of months, I take my adult daughter, and we join the local Free Thinkers group for a Sunday brunch. At the most recent meeting there was a newcomer male, apparently thrilled to escape religious pressure to blindly believe in things that he THOUGHT were wrong, or at least unprovable. He showed the same type of assumptions and non-thinking that he was trying to escape. He kept asking different people, “How long have you been an atheist?”, as if thinking, and believing in a higher being were mutually exclusive.
Any time I get a call from the school nurse,I know it’s not good. I’ve gotten calls about broken arms and feet. Pink Eye and broken eyeglasses. But perhaps the scariest call was one I got just last week.
A tip about using natural sweeteners: when it is not desirable to have one prominent flavor in a cookie that needs to have several flavors working in synergy, it is a good idea to combine two different natural sweeteners rather than just using one or another. Because I added cocoa to this simple drop cookie, neither honey nor maple syrup (the two sweeteners upon which I most rely) is a flavor I really wanted to be prominent to overshadow the chocolate. By combining the two sweeteners in about a 2:1 ratio, neither the maple nor the honey flavors stand out in this cookie, but the sweetness all there, turning the cocoa into a chocolaty bunch of goodness that does a fantastic job of enveloping the tart "pop" from cranberries.
-Wash the avocado and cut into half,twist and turn to release one half from seed.Poke a sharp knife in the seed and gently lift it up without disturbing the pulp.
Brock Ostweiler
And lastly....
but like embittered ghosts we
Rushing her to the hospital, Cecilia’s parents were completely baffled by their daughter’s suicide attempt and wondered what they were doing wrong. After she came home from the hospital, her parents decided to take her psychiatrist’s advice and throw her a “welcome home” party, inviting all of her friends down into the basement for a boy-girl party. This must have been extremely uncomfortable for Cecilia, as she usually was very socially introverted and didn’t know how to handle the attention. Quietly, she asks her mother if she can be excused to go upstairs, as she can feel all eyes on her wrists and not at all on her. Her mother, taken aback by this odd request, sadly excuses her daughter, telling her that she invited everyone over so she didn’t have to feel alone. Cecilia acknowledges this but is unable to stay. Quietly, she excuses herself and walks up the stairs, through the lamp-lit kitchen, up the stairs into her bedroom, jumps out of the window and into a wrought-iron fence that surrounded the house.
In 2010 people are moving around much more from agency to agency than they did five, ten, twenty years ago.
Only a woman can temporarily stop the clock.
Fifty Flicker of Inspiration prompts! We're nearly a year into it now. Pretty amazing.
Stamp- Sweet Gothic Kids "Pumpkin Judy"
Source: Zara
When Hollywood Ruled the Skies - Aviation film classics of WWII
"His secret fear, like that of many people, is that he may have missed his chance, that it's just never going to happen for him," adds screenwriter Matt Ember. "Then circumstances catapult him into his fantasy career overnight. He gets a new lease on life."
I just stand there. He has no pads of any kind. He wants me to hit him in the chest.
Really, when you think about celebrating what moms do, I believe I covered almost all of it today.
Shopping For an Air Conditioner is Now Easy With Shopping Websites
And yet, there are times, when the complete opposite takes place, such as this week.
Clipix also has a system called Syncboards, where multiple people can Clip to the same board - I'm thinking this would be great for relatives to share family news and photos!
While the ostensible "danger" part of this activity is the mild electrical shock one's tongue receives, I would say the greatest threat in a group setting like a preschool is that we don't have enough batteries to go around, necessitating the sharing of said batteries, leading to a risk to transmitting viruses lurking about in our saliva. We set this up on the workbench as one of the 3-4 group activity choices we have during the "activities" period of our summer session day. Audrey's mom Jaimee was prepared with a half-dozen 9-volts, along with a washcloth and soapy water with which to wash off the batteries between licks.
The Walking Dead
Analysis:
The Sundays
How sad and still-ily!
This week has been pretty rough. Aside from planning Operation Letter and dealing with some of my asshat friends who claim it's a waste of time (there main reason being that when hes comes out he'll be a completely different person who wouldn't want to deal with that kind of crap), we have been tending to the dog because he hurt himself. I can't say exactly what happened, because no one was home at the time. All I know is that I left for class in the afternoon, came home around ten at night and asked by my mother if he had been limping. He couldn't walk on his back paw at all, but he wasn't crying or whimpering so we decided to wait a day or so to see if he improved before taking the last measure we dreaded.
The thing is, I don’t think that this book is particularly appropriate for the age-group I teach. In elementary school, especially in the primary grades, we teach students about selecting “just right” books. As a teacher, I need to do the same when selecting books to read to my class. As I previewed the book, I thought it would be a good choice. But after reading it today, I don’t think I agree. (Yes, I am disagreeing with myself.)
There, amongst many other things, Flannery explains what it means to be a quote-unquote "hunter-gatherer" vs. a sedentary agricultural society. He writes, for instance, that "the problem of defining just what constitutes agriculture is an acute one when examining the prehistory of New Guinea."Traditionally, the major crops of the region have been root crops such as taro, or suckering species such as bananas. In order to propagate these plants one simply needs to grub them up, cut off the tuber or sucker and stick the leafy top back into the ground. This simple act has probably been a part of the human behavioral repertoire for 100,000 years or more. Clearly it does not qualify a person as an agriculturalist. But what is to be said of the person who returns to the newly established plant occasionally and clears competing species (weeds) away from it? And what if they plant 10 taro tops together; does that qualify as a garden? Would it do so if they fenced the patch? Clearly the definition of agriculturalist merges insensibly into the definition of hunter-gatherer and it is impossible to say where one ends and the other begins.This mobile cultivation of the landscape actually helped to generate, as Flannery goes on to explain, a substantial part of our contemporary, highly globalized fruit diet. Indeed, he writes, "Given the extremely long history of agriculture in New Guinea, it is not surprising that a number of plant foods appear to have originated there. Among these are certain varieties of taro, sago, some kinds of yams, bananas (particularly the cooking or plantain varieties), sugar cane and various nuts. Some of these crops were adopted by people as far afield as Africa, Asia and the Pacific Islands many hundreds of years before European colonization of the Pacific. New Guinean agriculture has thus made an important, if largely forgotten, contribution to the food crops of the world."
The Renegade Eye blog, was born born March 26th, 2005. Today it is going into retirement, after 561 posts.
he also said those all important words that every neighbor longs to hear.... "feel free to use the pool any time you'd like"
My Mom (and Scotty's Grandma) often bought our dogs toys and treats. When we began our fulltime travels, Grandma was worried that poor Scotty (being more sensitive to chilly temps) would get cold as we ventured about the country so she bought him an adorable hoodie sweater to keep him warm. I tried it on him once and he looked less than impressed. I still love this photo of him even though he looks absolutely miserable.
#048 Torii Hunter (Twins)
That’s all folks. I’ve been trying my best to keep my posts as informative and short as possible.
For the number of times I’ve set sail without Wind, I cannot count.
A further plus is that the songs all summarise Vedanta which summarise the Vedas and are thus in synch with the Vedas.
“Supposing truth is a woman – what then?” Lars Von Trier has answered Nietzsche’s question in this film. Nature is the truth, and in Antichrist woman is the embodiment of nature. She is beyond good and evil. “Mother Nature” is terrifying if left to her own devices. She requires the repression and sublimation of her forces in order to build civilization and to avoid the reign of chaos. “Thus man likes woman peaceful – but woman is essentially unpeaceful, like a cat, however well she may have trained herself to seem peaceful” (Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil, Aphorism 131).
Laundry supplies
Not a snow bunny.
Tomorrow is the first of May. Protomayia, we call it. In Greece, it’s a sort of Labor Day–families picnic, children fly kites and pick flowers to make wreaths. It’s the start of spring and a day to celebrate nature. At home, the moms used to bring the kids together and we’d fly kites in the park or at the beach or sometimes in the church parking lot before or after or maybe in lieu of Greek School.
It's even better when you can see the Marrakchi outfits and footwork!:
so my relationship with the Twilight movies and books is well chronicled on this blog. I’ve compared it negatively to just about everything. Most recently to the far superior Hunger Games trilogy, that…so help me… better live up to my expectations in movie form. Anyway, there’s something truly detestable about these people taking an excruciatingly weird, awkward, gross book like “Breaking Dawn” and dividing it into two equally excruciating, awkward, weird, gross movies. Like Puss in Boots, it’s a totally blantant cash grab, and it’s taking advantage of teens everywhere (and me, who will undoubtedly see the last one in the theater too). This wasn’t a good movie. It was downright dull. NOTHING happened. If a person watched just this one movie, and didn’t understand the whole vampire/werewolf bit, they’d think it was some sort of elaborate “Sex=Pregnancy=Death” thing. Because that’s all that happened. They got married. Sexed it up (violently) for a bit, she gets immediately knocked up, and then the fetus tries to eat her from the inside. Nice huh? Good teen fun. Fuck these movies where nothing happens, and we’re expected to love it and salivate for more. There’s not even a satisfying Werewolf/vampire battle, or even one of the godforsaken teen love triangles. The choices have all already been made. Even the horrid Rosalie character gets the shaft when all of the “depth” from books is totally erased and barely eluded to. Gross.
Finally, remember the words of Frank Zappa: “If your kids ever realize how lame you are, they will murder you in your sleep.” Your kids have good reasons to hate you. From the degraded planet we leave them to the dysfunctional culture we inflict on them, they are pretty well fucked. So, whatever your kids do to you, just know that you’ve got it coming. Unfortunately, they’ll probably just take out their resentments on their own kids, because they’ll grow up every bit as dumb and cruel as their parents.
Character-led fiction is those series of stories that are initiated by the publisher and often written by a whole team of writers. The first famous one was probably Animal Ark, written not by Lucy Daniels but by a collection of writers-for-hire. Publishers like character-led fiction because they don't have to pay very much for it and these series usually sell lots of copies.
Mavin James was born and at the age of only 2 years following the positioning of his high chair near the piano, soon found he could master the theories of music. Within a very short time original melodies were flowing from his toes and his future seemed assured. However the advent of shoes ruined this promising career and he was a has-been at the age of 2½.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the education, knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
We also need to insist that the remaining 60+ acres of land is OFFICIALLY turned over to the Parks Dept. Otherwise, there is a good possibility that sooner or later this site will be turned over to developers.
It appears that their mission is to bring religion to the heathen people of central Europe. The name plates on their lapels identified them as members of the church of latter day saints.
8. If you could take a year off to write a book, what would you write? A mystery novel that takes place either in the early 20th century or during the early 19th century. With zombies.
Right now, bundlers who bundle checks bigger than $200 have to disclose, but there's no limit on how much you can bundle."
Caribbean research studies farther south showed that where sharks were key species, their depletion actually toppled ancient foodchain hierarchies and ultimately brought the downfall of the reef itself.
4. Kiki Lowenstein and the Purple Passion: A Kiki Lowenstein Short Story by Joanna Campbell Slan - When a customer’s daughter is falsely accused, Kiki Lowenstein foils a nasty plan to ruin the girl’s reputation.
Watch this space for updates, details and developments
And in addition to remembering what happened that day, we should all remember that one of the reasons it happened is because our federal government got so big, and so corrupt, so distracted with things it should not be doing, that it utterly failed in the most important thing it is supposed to do — protect the American people.
Biggest news of late--we bought a house! We were saving up money and then Brendan got an unexpected bonus and we got a tax return and suddenly we had a down payment! So we started looking at houses, found that we really wanted to stay in our neighborhood, no matter how amazing the houses were on the west side, we want to be by the lake. So we narrowed our search to Bay View and found a little 3br colonial not too far from where we live now. Our home inspection is tomorrow, we're hoping nothing major is wrong with it!! We should be closing the end of April.
Sweet Pea Stamps Wings of Love from the Joanne Schempp collection
My love of Israel is neither naive nor near-sighted. I understand and regret the mistakes, corruption and arrogance that taint our accomplishments, and rue our current state of relations with our Palestinian neighbors.
The very concept of a "license" itself ought to have alerted the judge to the jurisprudentially flawed nature of his reasoning. In other words, the terms of the license between underlying artists and the sound recording company determines the extent to which a recording company is able to exploit the song, and particularly the underlying works.
What's up with the change of heart? Certainly it's not our unemployment rates.
A library blog will be successful (at attracting me anyway) if it is compelling but not boring, focused but not scattered, visually appealing but not busy, casual but well-edited, and relevant to my interests. I think these are characteristics that will appeal to many people.
His sentence has triggered outcry among Iran's online community with many calling on cartoonists to draw new caricatures of the MP. Many have expressed their anger on Twitter and Facebook.
I want to apologize to everyone waiting on replies to their comments on previous posts, and for the fact that I have such meager offerings for today. Between this damned PC constantly freezing up on me, and the mysterious flooding I discovered this morning on the first of my apartment, I’m feeling just a little bit shell-shocked right now.
Oyler said Steamworks "would certainly be interested" in a BPA-free can. "We believe the can is a solid container for beer and the benefits ... are still worth pursuing."
Panel Moderator: Ray Topping, Fiatech
pitiful fools
I love you for your pink Cadillac
- The phenomenon of celebrity.
I think I’d also add Lindsay Lohan cuz that girl needs a good hug from someone who isn’t crazy. Which is why I’d have the husband hug her because we all know I’m not exactly the picture of sanity.
Okay, okay – we get it. We know these films help make you human males feel better about your pathetic space skills and low levels of desirability by imagining that there are Space Sexpots out there who want your loins. We know these films helped to undergird the gender inequalities in your culture by demonizing powerful women as Space Bitchez.
“I don’t love mentals.”
How interesting is it that we can analyze something so trivial and “determine” an individual’s personality based on our observations? I find it very interesting. Our world today decries stereotyping or generalizing; yet we seek out personality quizzes and psychologists who do just that. We love it. Crave it, even. Is it because we feel that we know so little about our own selves that we hope that someone else can shed some light into the shadowy space we call a soul?
But Austin Aries isn’t impressed with Bully Ray. Last week, he had to roll up his tights to win. Imagine a 280 pound man having to cheat to beat him. But then again, Bully isn’t impressed with Austin, but that could change after tonight. Open Fight Night isn’t over with.
Red Right Hand – Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds
I really love how this card turned out! I used the Years Gone By stamp set along with papers and stickers from the Note to Self collection by Echo Park ~ fun huh?
My God will take you higher than your dreams in Jesus name, because my God will fight for you, you will enjoy victory without a fight, because My God will promote you; you will enjoy success without a sweat.
It was already 3AM when we checked in and we are dead tired and are really hungry. We take out food from Andok’s and ate in the hotel. Around four we hit the bed to sleep.
--by Whit's Whittlings
happy to see his child go to a stranger to ask for money, food or clothing. It’s
To use an analogy to Black Swan (because I just watched that movie): when interviewed about playing Nina, Natalie Portman was asked whether she was a white swan or a black swan. She laughed and said she didn't think anyone is really one or the other. The same thing goes for right vs. left brain.
Be sure to “POP".... on over to the challenge blog and check out what all the fabulous cards the DT made this week.
And while Turton didn’t write this fact -- other research published on Sept 9 2008, by top investigative journalist Louise Flanagan of The Star newspaper, also showed that the water treatment plants across the country were so badly run by unqualified and often nearly illiterate personnel, that the Water Research Commission has had to resort to drawing up a very basic, cartoon-like manual to teach operators with symbols instead of in writing, how to make their drinking water safer.
at the University Radisson Hotel
She looked back at me, " OH NO, my BARE, OH !!! Pulling the panties down to the level of her jeans there it was, the most beautiful target I could imagine. Two small flesh mounds, pointed up at me, twitching in the nights dimly lite room.
After a decade of darkness, there was a sudden explosion of bright light – like a flash bulb going off, he says.
As an American I am automatically distanced from the culture in the Middle East. I will never understand the intensity in the areas, but to me, I can’t wrap my head around it.
Liwan, who is also Belaga assemblyman, shared the success story of Bakun hydroelectric dam.
The particular Archos 5 android tablet/portable marketing player provides large, high-resolution touch-screen screen, Wi-Fi, music play, pics, Adobe flash video in addition to game if it is compatible, Bluetooth, e-mail, a Web visitor, a built-in speaker, a built-in kickstand, GPS, and support with regard to a limited collection of Android purposes.
however i erred when I handed to Mrs. McCarty and said, "Look, this explains why my handwriting is not nearly as neat as yours."
Lettuce bring in our Monster Monday helper, fuzzy little Ralphie The Tarantula!.. Wie gehts, Ralphie? He's here to start the show, so, without further interruptions, ahem, push the big red 'GO' button there by the invisible lounge chair, now, Ralphie! Here's the theme and a booze-fuelled bathtub tune... BEAST FROM HAUNTED CAVE!
And since I’ve become a full time writer it’s been every bit as scary, as impoverishing, as awful as I had imagined. It kills you as slowly and insidiously as an inoperable tumor. (And a tumor is exactly what this compulsion to write feels like – it’s always there, a deadening pain that forces you to forgo all other pleasures until you get those pages written.)
The trouble with my wife began when she needed Jesus and I needed a cat. Life can be that way. That’s part of the reason I was on Sanibel Island in the cottage I had always dreamed of owning and she was in Tallahassee tending to the sick son of our youth. But it’s more complicated. There was more troubling me than religion or people who think problems can be solved with a leap of faith.
And can you guess why we're so under-represented? Yes, that's right - you need to speak a foreign language (principally French and German)
BTW!( This plant was priced wrong "too low" I thought it was a special, but this Mean Lady wouldn't honor the price, so I took it up with the manager and proudly took her home..at a special price).
