What could be clearer. The IPCC itself says that we don't even know what metrics to put into the models to test their reliability.- i.e. we don't know what future temperatures will be and we can't yet calculate the climate sensitivity to anthropogenic CO2.This also begs a further question of what mere assumptions went into the "plausible" models to be tested anyway. Nevertheless this statement was ignored by the editors who produced the Summary. Here predictions of disaster were illegitimately given "with high confidence." in complete contradiction to several sections of the WG1 science section where uncertainties and error bars were discussed.
We got home from Austin this afternoon.
There’s nothing like a stuffed up, sinus-pressured, blurry eyed run to get you going in the morning.
ABOUT IICD
I've always had a soft spot for the Chicago Pen Show. It was the second pen show I attended more than ten years ago (second after the Ohio Show in my own back yard, of course). It's been at the Westin O'Hare every year I've gone, and this year was no exception.
An alphabetical list of all posts so far can be found at the end of this post
Okay, besides my husband and my children (and to be frank, today, the munchkins may or may not be on that list...did I just say that out loud???)...
If you're into the band side of things, the list ran on DarkLordDay.com a while back, but may have gone unnoticed:
If the borrower is requesting a short sale under the government’s Home Affordable Foreclosure Alternative program, the clock starts ticking when the borrower submits a completed borrower response package requesting consideration of a short sale.
The image I used is one that I won from Sassy Studio Designs. I am so in LOVE with her images. I have a few now so I am sure that you will be seeing a lot more of them in my future posts.
If I had to say how many times I think I’ve changed someone, I could honestly not answer. I do believe that impacting a life is such a powerful thing. I strive to always leave things better than I find them. I am convinced that just being true to myself and never changing who I am will alone change things. I will change things in my own ways, in my own time.
And then we have our Little Middle. Oh my word this child is funny! He keeps me on my toes and is going through a little "hitting stage" with baby brother, big brother and some close friends. Such a stinker! But we will push through this little season:) He's an excellent climber (I need to capture some of his little adventures on camera...)! He really has a sweet spirit about him and is quite the comedian.
Non FAT Half 'n Half - (I KNOW how do they DO THAT?)
1. An electrochemical cell comprising an alkaline electrolyte, a cathode comprising manganese dioxide as an active cathode component, and an anode gel comprised of zinc as the active anode component, wherein the cell contains less than 50 parts of mercury per million parts by weight of the cell and said zinc anode has a gel expansion of less than 25% after being discharged for 161 minutes to 15% depth of discharge at 2.88A.
It got dark, the driver (me) was tired, but no hotels seemed to be in the vicinity. All we could do was continue. We’d beeen driving three hours. I kept on checking the GPS for hotels – and then suddenly a lot of hotels started to appear in the town Gua Musang, which we were approaching. We turned off at this town and started looking at the hotels as we drove by. Most seemed best avoided, but we stopped at one, checked the room, and initially it seemed OK – not great, but OK, – seeing as it was now dark, we’d eat out, sleep, and leave at first light. There were no double rooms, or delux doubles, so we had to take a more expensive room. I think the charge was RM116.
will include an absolutely totally sooper 100% free
Who is buying porn magazine?
The jury at the High Court found that Mr Sheridan had lied about certain specific matters in his earlier evidence. It was not simply that he answered “no” when he should have said “yes” but instead that an alternate reality was created by him and put before the court, successfully as it turned out. I suspect that if he had lost his original claim for damages, no prosecution for perjury would have taken place.
This range of blushers came in three shades, PK, RS and OR I believe, which translates to Pink, Rose and Orange. I actually wanted to pick up both the PK shade and OR shade, but silly me grabbed the wrong one and ended up with 2 PK-1s. Tsk tsk.. I had to find a new home for my extra PK-1, which wasn’t really too hard to accomplish.. lol..
Quiche reminds me of my grandmother. Purple-hulled peas remind me of my stepfather. Pistachios remind me of my dad. And Whataburger reminds me of Longview.
all skinny and bony,
This restaurant/lounge/tea house/cocktail bar combo self-confidently hangs on the outer fringe of a hectic little zone south of the Pompidou that’s already bursting with bars. The whole thing seems smaller and a bit less swank in real life. The glowing bar is lined with stools as is the mirrored wall facing it. Beyond the bar is a restaurant of a certain trendy genre (i.e. the kind I don't fully trust on a food level) and a veranda. The young, amiable Luis greeted me from behind the bar over loud pop music. He was unaware of my previously made reservations for 20 to 30 people, but he had no problem with it.
My opinion was conflict and disgust. Because my imagination and life experience tells me it's possible that the group were not simple irreverent jerks, that they could have looked at the art of Bethesda Terrace and wondered why their creations shouldn't be displayed as prominently. They painted the word "sueños" (dreams), hearts and their tag, albeit sloppily. Who knows they could have deep aspirations or they could have been high. I'm a radical liberal, what do I know.
Saturday was tropical in weather and the girls and I started out in the sun by 11 or so. I ran in to get ice with Mist and encountered a grouchy store lady!! I will refrain myself from that story ;-) The day was incredibly heavenly! I could have stayed on that remote beach forever. After reading a few Voice of Victory articles to the girls, we had a delicious lunch of sauteed chicken and veggie tortillas. There we were all laid out in bikinis with the men off fishing and kids playing in the water. Matthew came back just as a helicopter flew over us. Then it flew over us again. Then it flew over AGAIN. We all started wondering what was up. Then it CIRCLED us!! "What do they want to look at us for?" Catman demanded to know. "They weren't looking at us, Buddy" Matthew told him." "Why would they want to look at girls in bikinis?" he asked skeptically. We all laughed....... Guess nothing is all that secluded ;-) We girls swam out to the edge of the bay several times and hit the cold and waves of the great lake beyond. It was like time stopped and we were caught in a supernatural plain of some kind of heavenly sphere. The warm winds, the sand and shore, the cold waters and the waves, the mammoth mountains and the great boulders reminded us that we were but tiny creations living in this Eden that God Himself created for his children to enjoy...... That evening a great storm came up from out of no place and all us women and kids huddled in our trailer telling silly stories as the rain and hails passed us by. In an hour or two it was calm again and the men emerged soaked and fishless for the most part.
Low-Pulley Straight Bar Curl: 12 @ 15 lbs; 8 @ 10 lbs
Tycho whispering at last
Sometime
It was a pretty nice day actually. Just the gang hanging together, making stupid jokes and trying not to fall off the side of the mountain. We had promises of showers when we arrived at camp, and so I was pretty excited…
it will get done today.
DNS change propagates. Once you stop seeing the forum at
There is structure to this ceremony, but there is also room for small changes.
Had bandages on head changes out one time
It has been awhile since I visited here, tonight I was prompted to come to say hello to my (almost) 5 year old boys. 5 years ago on the date I went into Huntington Hospital for a fairly uneventful and much held off c-section that brought our two people here. 5 years ago we all irrevocably changed in the minutes of 1117 and 118 p.m. when our small people were pulled into the world. 5 years .... how, how could that have happened 5 years ago?
We're 10 days into January, and I'm just now sharing my focused effort for the new year. (Reminder: I don't make "resolutions;" I make "focused efforts." Read why here.) I waited ten days into January to share my focused effort, just to make sure it was appropriate and fitting for me. I'm here to report that it is doable and very pertinent for my life.
Greg X. Volz had been the amazing vocalist with Petra, the group that had first caught my attention four years earlier. Greg had left the group to embark upon a solo career and was on the heels of two superb albums. Mark Farner had been the front man of Grand Funk Railroad, one of the most successful rock acts of the early 70s. Mark had turned to Christian music and gone solo, hitting the Christian charts with his recordings. They were both known artists with respectable histories behind them.
The event was indeed unfortunate, since I was able to try the sport myself, I know how much the athletes sacrificed to get to where they are now. Waking up early in the morning every day, rowing around Manila Bay to build their stamina and to condition their bodies, the sport is really strenuous but the camaraderie of the team shall also be cemented through this daily routine. This also builds the character of every member of the team, which we all saw. The achievement of the team is a big in-your-face to the government institutions that nearly sabotage the team’s dreams of bringing honor to the country, good thing the athletes persevered and the Filipino people continued to believe in them. And now, If anyone’s still thinking about what’s wrong with the Philippine sports program, we can all refer to this event. We have world-class athletes and sub par institutions, not a good match.
Jim Clench, a Montreal bass player and vocalist who played with April Wine and Bachman Turner Overdrive, has died. He was 61. Clench died Tuesday in a Montreal hospital after a battle with lung cancer, according to April Wine's Brian Greenway.
My cousin, Satan (As in "Get thee behind me..." He says all his friend's wives are convinced he's Satan, sent to lead their spouses into temptation.), is getting back into brewing. About six or seven years ago, he and a friend (now deceased) brewed an Oatmeal Stout and won second place in regional competitions leading up to the national AHA contest.
4. The flame is cheerful and cozy.
Mazui has changed a couple things so far… I think. Of course, they don’t change things where they matter. Houtarou is not the “very definition of gray,” whatever that means. The second clause doesn’t relate to the first one at all either. You don’t even have to be that good at English to realize how stupid these lines are.
Long ago there was a chain restaurant in downtown Portland with a theme--they all have themes--of beer. You could get cute little ales that tasted like soda with your mediocre food. It was so popular people packed the joint. It was the one brewery in Oregon I never wrote about when I was writting for Celebrator and Willamette Week, because I refused to recognize it as a brewery. (They were pissed, but they would have been more so if I actually wrote about their beers.) Well, all that has changed. They brew real beers now, and I actually go out of my way to try them. This offering is a very tough style, and even good examples suffer by not having the complexity you'd find in a brewery with a 200-year-old yeast strain. That said, this was one of the best American examples I've had, with a complex recipe and decent yeast character. The head was remarkable, too--like whipped cream.
A Storm Hits Valparaíso will be uploaded in a few days, and should go live pretty quickly after that. If you want a copy, you will be able to pick it up for $4.99. It’s 400 pages (100,000 words), so you will be getting a lot of story for the price-tag.
*** This is not my exact mixer - though I know I have taken pictures of it - I can't find it, and it is a bit dirty right now from making cookies and I am too lazy to clean it and take a picture****
Wells
Now with the walls gone, the kitchen is so much brighter and happier. My client never believed she had enough room for her dream island, but we made it happen. The new kitchen, is functional, updated, and truly a great gathering space.
Food as her drug of choice. It couldn't be cigarettes or alcohol. Those were his vices and they were dispicable. But food...food was her friend. Food was always there. Food was socially acceptable. Food would always make her feel better. Food numbed the pain.
And thus there was her name!
SB is 8 weeks old, and just a fantastic baby. She's super mellow (except during fussy time, which reliably happens around 6pm every night, when she screams inconsolably), sleeps well, and loves to smile and laugh at me. She's still waking at around 11pm, 3am, and 6am to eat, but that's a schedule I can live with. She gets right down to business when she wakes: she eats, and then she falls back asleep. She is seriously adorable, if I do say so myself. I love to make her smile and giggle, because it is just the cutest thing.
“The Komen Foundation has done such incredible work promoting women’s health, it is upsetting that they allowed a political agenda to upset that mission and take focus away from the their overall goal,” said Council Member Letitia James. “Breast cancer screenings provided by Planned Parenthood save lives. It is frustrating to see women’s healthcare issues being used as political footballs in 2012. I applaud the Komen’s Foundation’s reverse in their position, and warn the foundation against allowing political agendas to affect their funding decisions in the future.”
PS, the scones are really, really good. Great to make with kids. I substitute 75g spreading butter for the fat component, which is easy to work into the flour and always on hand. I also made them one day with milk and a splash of vinegar in lieu of buttermilk, and that worked fine too. They're not too sweet (we had them with soup for lunch one day) and can be frozen. 25secs in our microwave defrosts and warms one to perfection for moments when you need a quick snack.
What I did do last week is finally make my "Where I've Been" travel map. Check it out.
If you are looking for chemical-free rain gear for your kids and appreciate awesome quality, extreme durability and know the importance of waterproof protection – you must check out Puddlegear. It’s worth the investment and an excellent addition to your outdoor gear.
However, the active promotion of selective breeding in order to achieve a political and racial outcome is alive and well today, and now, in 2010, it assails us on all sides. The proponents of 21st Century eugenics are the most powerful pressure groups of our age. They seek to change us biologically and ethnically. Their aims are no longer achieved in the laboratory but through the tools of the propagandist and the might of the state, and, so far, their success has been phenomenal.
4 rashers streaky bacon (STEAMED CORN,CHOPPED RED & GREEN PEPPERS,SPRING ONIONS ET ALL)
I'm telling ya, the world of the Breed will never be the same after Darker and fans of this series MUST read it.
my custard never fucking curdles
I knew I hadn't written in a few days and could tell. I find myself trying to go to sleep but thinking about a lot of stuff. And that's just it, it is all fluff & stuff. Nothing really important.
Focus: Serbia wants a special status for Kosovo, while it also wants independence for Sandžak… Is there any fear of a new reshaping of the borders on the Balkans?
What about you? What makes you Sew Grateful?
Here are some tips
What really put me off from Tempest Rising was Tempest. I couldn't stand her. At first, I was excited, because within the first few chapters of the novel, she proclaims herself to be a girl of action -- one who doesn't stand around and cry about her problems. And then she wallows in self-pity for the rest of the novel. There was never a time that she was actually happy, and I think this novel really needed that to balance all the depressing parts. Also, she's one of the most selfish heroines I've ever read about. She claims to care about her family, but doesn't show it. And I don't understand why things have to be so extreme. She has to choose between the ocean and land? Can't she divide her time between them? That's what I would do, anyway, and it was never explained why things had to be so black and white.
I do not always agree with his opinions, nor do I think his work is of the best technical or professional quality… but it keeps me listening. I want to hear the end of an interview, even if it is with someone I don’t know or care about. It is not the ‘polished’ quality that makes a production good, it is the experience. Usually, when I hear a subject on radio or tv that I don’t care about, I switch channels. Here, it is different. I was one of the people who absolutely could not care anything about Lady Gaga, thought she was obnoxious and her music mediocre at best, and probably another would-be singer in the pop-genre. Until I heard her perform on the Howard Stern show last year, where she gave a stellar performance of ‘The Edge of Glory’ that lasted such an impression that I absolutely think she is an amazing musician and an interesting personality.
Here as in most of the other chapters where products and/or services are being sold it’s about presenting the artist’s oeuvre in an appealing way on one hand… but most importantly the artist’s website needs to be visible on Google where people would look for it.
Lenny Kravitz Fly away US
This is an incredible journey and I am 10 days away from an incredible day (Iron Girl – Lake Las Vegas). It is hard to believe I am the same person and yet, I’m not. I’m the person that was inside screaming to get out and be in the world. The person who loves to be outside playing no matter what the season. There is grief in what I was going through, but there is also celebration. I had the choice to endure the pain. I had the choice to rise above. I had the choice to push on. I had the choice to be me. I….had the choice.
Have you ever heard tree branches swish your windows at night…..
Prep Time: 20 min
Well, good luck to you Shahidan. Let’s see if your “ban facebook” speech can win you more FB Likes for your boss’ 1Malaysia.
That's the dilemma I had on my hands. Then we had a tragedy occur. It was exceptionally hot for the Bay Area this past week, and on Tuesday I found one of the chickens lying in the run, dead. (They had all seemed just fine that morning.) I felt guilty for not providing them better shade. The run is near the redwood tree, and is shaded for much of the day, but not all of it. I was so sad, and wondered if the other chickens would be bothered. We didn't know for sure if it was Penny or Squawk who had died. We decided to say it was Squawk, and call the living light-colored chicken Penny.
It’s not quite the same with an online multiplayer fps. For starters, games often only take off once a critical number of people have joined. Before that number is reached, players are basically hanging around, entertaining themselves. But they need to stay as just by being there, they increase the likelihood of others joining to make up that critical mass.
By years of drip-fed filth
“I go to prepare a place for you, and if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself. . . and where I go ye know, and the way ye know.”
It sucks that you can spend all your life doing the most important thing in the world, raising the next generation and in the end, end up with nothing.
I'm also happy to announce that I have been offered $50 gift code to be given away to one of my readers to spend on anything at Novica.com. Novica offers jewelry, accessories, home decor, clothing and much more that are hand made by highly skilled artisans from around the globe. What I love about Novica is that you can find such unique gifts that you just can't find at the mall or your normal shopping outlets.
Every once in awhile I come across a new and innovatively designed product that causes me to stop and take notice, and with a sigh of relief, that I have found an esthetically pleasing alternative to a category of product design that generally leaves my visual sensibilities assaulted. Finally an outdoor grill (notice that it is not referred to as a BBQ - ‘Grill’ is the operative new terminology), that shakes up tradition, and is beautiful to look at. “A campfire for modernists,” “a social magnet with a great sense of style.” Attaching a label to this Fuego outdoor living grill is trickier than throwing a salmon – wild, rubbed with herbs and spices – on an open flame. As well as Fuego being a top rated grill, it has a modernist design aesthetic with sleek-lined minimalism. One that I wouldn’t mind gracing my clients’ patio.
I was hoping to spend today the only "day" I have nothing planned beside boring chores to catch up on my blog and to upload and look at all sorts of fun pictures from our busy weekend and the big monster bash!
In the rational West we have lost this aspect of reverence towards the earth. We have bureaucratised our relationship with nature and lost the sense of both her mystery and her power. It is not an over-dramatisation to say that the earth is dying. I have never experienced the slow death of a person I love, but friends who have tell me of their feelings of rage and despair. These are the feelings that we share now, but strengthened by the knowledge that it is people just like ourselves who are doing the killing.
anyone else. But after many years of studying this family of mine, I
Before you can make a career choice you have to learn about yourself. Your values, interests, and skills, in combination with certain personality traits, will make some careers especially suitable for you and some particularly inappropriate.
Advocate Guido Penzhorn SC, for the defence, applied for leave to appeal after the sentencing. He listed 76 reasons why the defence believed that another court would disagree with Johnson.
A: Since I got the basic premise from my real life, Chanti and her mom were inspired by my mother and me, though the book is not autobiographical and the characters are quite different than us. Chanti’s mom is a lot stricter than mine was, and I was more practical and sensible than Chanti – I had to grow up before I found my sense of adventure. Marco, Chanti’s love interest, was inspired by all the boys I crushed on in my teens who didn’t know I existed. Bethanie – I’m not quite sure where Bethanie came from – I guess I just conjured her up. I had great friends as a teen, but ex-juvenile delinquent MJ is the friend I never had but wish I did – there never would have been a dull moment and I’d always have good backup in a fight.
goings and comings
And toss away the key. "
7. The colder the room you sleep in, the better the chances are that you’ll have a bad dream.
So we have a guy in a war zone who cracks, and he must be executed immediately. But this Muslim psychiatrist who was stateside in a nice safe office all day murders 13, wounds 29 of our own guys, and they try to argue the poor lad suffered post-traumatic stress syndrome, from listening to real soldiers who had actual battle experience. Two and a half years later, they still haven’t tried the murderous bastard.
I also really love the future's airline etiquette: they don't show the safety video that tells you to buckle your seatbelt and that your seat can be used as a floatation device until NOW. Yeah, they wouldn't show it before the plane took off - they'd wait until the plane was "somewhere over the Atlantic" to inform the passengers of what to do in case of an emergency!
Avon Ideal Flawless Invisible Coverage Foundation SPF 15 - Light Ivory (applied with a synthetic foundation brush)
made the cheer squad and intends to try
Compilations
This weekend we went Down to Utah to go to my friend Kelley's wedding. it was lovely and there was a lot of good food. We also got to see Grammy while we were in Provo. it was good to talk to her even though i do not think she knews who i was. She told us that she was "tripping down memory lane multiple times during the conversation but we tried to keep her on track. We got to spend a lot of enjoyable time with Michelle and Justin and Parker and Halle and we got to go to two of Parkers soccer games. he was so cute! Thanks for having us michelle and Justin!
Jake thought about this a while. Then, he looked towards the white painted wooden doors where the Geek Squad worked, “Did anyone stop you?”
July 11
You might say well that is a poor description of me, I am a pretty good person. What if I could take your secret most thoughts and put them up on a video screen for the entire world to see? What would we all see? I am sure that you would run away in disgrace. But you are not alone my friend; we are all alike. So, we know that we are all guilty as charged.
We’re looking into the journal of Grace Th’am Ai Le, Xandra’s mother. She’s just met Peter Carrick under perilous circumstances. Little do they know, they’re fates have been sealed at this moment.
Ummmmmmmmm 11mm ...ooops. Never mind . I thought if I made the holly leaves using double knitting yarn they would hopefully turn out big enough to look ok with my giant berries......thankfully I think they just about do.............
So this past week we laid down our Imperial Vanilla Coffee Stout 'KopiKat' into whisky barrels for ageing until spring & it's got me thinking about barrel ageing in general & the huge difference individual barrels can make to beer in them, whisky, bourbon, sherry, wine etc...
After that a last wash with very dilluted brown ink (almost all water, mind you), painted the tusks and the rest of the accesories.
A while back I wrote a post comparing Salvatore’s Orcs and Warcraft’s Orcs. I wrote it because at that time I was reading the The Hunter’s Blades trilogy, and the differences were stark enough to strike me deeply while I was reading, to the point I felt like sharing. Despite the popularity of this post as far as search terms go, I have no real feedback on whether the post was poignant or interesting.
And they only scored at the very very end!"
The Confederate victory at Kennesaw Mountain would be the last Southern triumph of the Atlanta Campaign. Five days later Sherman was able to move his army around one of Johnston's flanks and Southern troops were forced to give up the mountain and fall back first on the line of the Chattahoochee and soon into the defenses of Atlanta itself. Johnston was replaced by Gen. John Bell Hood who launched poorly coordinated and futile attacks on Sherman's forces, decimating his army and losing Atlanta in the process. The fall of the city drove a bayonet into the heart of the Confederacy.
Kansas is headed down exactly down the path I fear Texas may go if state officials don't seriously consider closing unneeded prison units in the coming legislative session: The Jayhawk State is dismantling treatment and diversion programs that received national acclaim, risking an unintended rise in incarceration costs if more offenders on probation and parole are revoked. According to the Kansas City Star ("Kansas' model parole program collapses with state budget cuts," April 3):
Quick clip from MosDef @ Fort Greene Fest 2011. Shakey at first but it levels, enjoy
'So she's under house arrest too,' observes an astute co-op member.
Not the hexagram of the heavens, nor the strings of my guitar...more like a fraction of the pentagram of the heavens perhaps, But it's a sign. -I knew it was 'a sign'......
Fermented Veggies
Debra Hamel's The Mutilation of the Herms has recently come out in paperback. Before reading this book I had never come across the term 'Herms' before. To me, the name Hermès was associated with French silk scarves, but I was wondering if I could find a connection as a kind of thought experiment.
I stroll defiantly up to the urinal,
As an OR nurse, I see the results of 'accidents' that people never think will happen to them, whether it is from a conscious choice making a bad decision, or truly an accident. For that reason, I have a no tolerance policy when it comes to not wearing your helmet. Bad things happen all the time. And they can happen to you.
Porn industry to Rick Santorum: Butt out – Nick Ut / AP file – Hustler magazine magnate Larry Flynt says there’s no evidence porn is harmful. – by James Eng, msnbc.com
Once upon a time, I started a blog. This blog. It was supposed to be a creative space for detailing my misadventures in motherhood and chronicling all the funny things my kids say and do. And for awhile, it was just that. Then I turned 39 and a thousand little waves of internal conflict that had for many years, been softly lapping against the recesses of my mind, converged into a serious, kick-ass tsunami of a midlife crisis.
Does Mary find love? Do the zombies break through the Fence? Will we get more books in this haunting, haunted, beautifully shown future world?
Starpoints Offers
The degradation of our culture and Jewish domination of Hollywood cannot be written off as mere coincidence.
One of the most interesting things I've read is that Labour is planning some kind of scheme whereby you can invest in solar panels and only pay back what you save every month in bills. Makes sense considering few of us can afford the £6000-8000 it would cost to buy and install solar panels.
Good work by the writer H. Perry Horton for jumping right into the action. Too many times movies like this have a long setup about the family and too much history. I don’t think ghosts are going to sit around and wait for a history lesson. No, they’re going to go right after the new tenants. While things disappear and there’s creepy disturbances unfortunately for Wayne (Bill Oberst Jr.) a past incident has the family thinking Wayne is the problem. The ghosts are probably cracking up and joking, “Hey Elvis watch this, I’ll put a knife in the daughter’s hand and crank on Slayer and the wife will nag Wayne about it”.
Hi Wendy and welcome back to tall tales & short stories.
Everybody knows
So right now
I am participating in a blog hop with Shortmama as she continues her Muffin Top journey! She picks a subject each week to blog about and this time it is motivation! What is it that motivates you? This is kind of funny because a friend of mine from church was asking me what it was that got me motivated to do it. Well it started with three simple things.
From Library:
Well, now, that was an easy enough change to make. :)
Want to check if your manuscript suffers from word overuse? Create a quick and easy word-cloud. The more often a word shows up, the more prominently you'll see it in the cloud. You'll be amazed at what you find when you look at your words from a new perspective....
Right kind of MMA preparation is required in order to be successful the game and proper MMA equipment too is a must have. If one wants to be safe and sound during the championship and not be injured by the hard blows, one must use the right training equipment and train regularly. In sports like MMA, opponents touch each other i.e. it is a contact sport and during the matches, one might get injured badly from the harsh blows if use of proper training equipment is not made.
Author: Ninoshka Urrutia, Consortium/Racsa, Guatemala (thanks, Ninoshka!)
I gravitate toward novels about India. This year alone I've read four of them, and although that's certainly not enough to make me anything but a dilettante, still it's more than most people I know.
I know that the USTFCCCA list has one each in the field and track, but I’m adding another trackster here for the women. Primarily because in the field events for women Theissen was head and shoulders above the rest – and the field events were a tad weak outside of Theissen. The other reason is that there has to be room for a woman that simply dominated 60 meters the way Brookins did in Texas. Her 7.09 tied the collegiate record, was the fastest time in the world for 2011, AND was .08 ahead of the runner up. THAT is a country mile in a 60 meter dash!
It's a challenge for all those series books you started at some point and haven't finished. I know I'll start a series and read the first book, then get distracted with other books and never get back to the series. Before I know it, the series has 10 books - I get overwhelmed and don't go back to it. Now, I want to finish a couple.
An orange cut into two halves, some strawberries and grapes.
A peak is an excitement.
Knowing the love of Christ brings everything into place, though only He knows that place. After all, people are complicated, aren’t they?!
It’s been a rough start to the season for the Union. Big changes were made during the offseason and it took a few games for the team to adjust and they started the season 0-3-1. Losing players like Sebastian LeToux and Faryd Mondragon can have that effect on a team.
Some will wonder whether Prime Minister Najib Razak is capable of the nightmare scenarios I will describe below.
* He may be forgetful and disorganized.
I also have a tiny round fluffly ram. I got him when I went on one of my first fiddle trips with the notion that I could hang him on the end of my fiddle, I never got round to doing that but when I see him he reminds me of that time and all the trips I have been on.
E: playing playmobils with him
Offer...
Sri Sri Ravi Shankar: No, there is no problem with it. You can keep the photographs of your departed parents along with the pictures of god, it is fine. If it is a sanyasi, even his picture can be placed with that of God, even when he is alive. If he is leading a grihastha (married) life, then we do not keep his photograph, such is the practice.
Enjoy the challenge!
We have a duty to our children to pass on what we inherited as they in turn will have to theirs and we owe a debt to our ancestors who bequeath our nation and culture to us and must honour that. The honouring is in maintaining what they left to us and the duty is in passing it on to our descendants. In the wise words of General George S.Patton:”All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood.”
Now, if you just happened upon my blog, then please go back to the beginning which is at Lynda’s blog (http://memoriesintyme.blogspot.com/). Besides, the beginning is always the best anyway!!!
She slide slowly down farther and let her tongue gently lick and
Thanks, and hopefully we'll get through this fully intact.
Funcom a famous MMO developer known for its take on Conan has been working on an MMO for awhile. With a reduced staff of 282 The Secret World is in the works sees release on June 19th 2012. Over 300 staff have worked on the MMO over the years.
Can the PlayStation cast recover?
The flipside, if you will, of that Alexander Tucker track, this smacks of the kind of magic where lambs are slaughtered under a blood-red sky and people mutter chants with burning sage: there’s something incredibly primal about Amebix. It sounds a hell of a lot like Pandemonium-era Killing Joke, and given that Pandemonium is one of my favourite albums ever, this is no bad thing.
Adding to your family through adoption has some commonalities with birthing children. The waiting period before your baby/ child arrives is still a waiting period. I don't go to the bathroom as much, and nobody asks me about her date of arrival while I'm in line at Target, but she's coming nonetheless.
It's all a lie: Durban is the Mugging capital of South Africa, and has become a disgusting, derelict slum.
A week after the Paisley Beer Festival I still wake up dreaming that I’m pouring pints.
At the bar, a gigantic, flat-headed young man sitting next to me grinned wildly just before tearing the lid off a bottle of beer with his teeth. “Здесь (here) bar!” he said. “Здесь where I vork!”
This amendment clarifies the voting requirements for the issue of notes or bonds to be a majority vote of 3/5 (60%) as provided by RSA 33:8. In 2004, the Legislature amended the law to provide that if the Town Charter did not specify, the required vote for issue of notes or bonds would be 2/3 (66%) rather than 3/5 (60%) that applies in Towns like Newmarket that use official ballot (“SB2”) voting.
Hi All! My prayers and thoughts have been going out to all of you and your family on the East Coast. If anyone needs anything, please let me know.
For the past year I’ve been enjoying a guilty pleasure. I’ve been attending a wonderful film series where classic movies are viewed on a giant screen and bookended by a film historian speaking about the film. Before it’s viewed, we get an intro, some fun facts and things to watch for and when it’s over, more in-depth discussion and a q & a. Recently we were privileged to have Sam Wasson, author of the New York Times Bestseller, “Fifth Avenue, 5 A.M” attend on a night dedicated to “Breakfast at Tiffany’s” to enlighten us on the making of the film and the many extraordinary ways that it remains groundbreaking. While the book came out last summer and a lot of the details he writes about are not new, Wasson’s telling of the events are intriguing and his passion for the subject matter is truly infectious. For those critics out there, let’s not forget, old news is new news to anyone who doesn’t already know it.
I might easily avoid something which another struggles with each day. And that is their struggle, which the Lord will work with them on. He doesn't need my help; He knows fully what He's doing, and what is the best approach for that person. I might not struggle with that thing they're struggling with, but I have many other struggles. And my struggles are not theirs.
Stuffing the cone is next and I used "Walnut Litter" that I bought at the pet store. In some pet stores, it's in the bird section and in others, you'll find it in the lizard stuff. I learned about using crushed walnut shells in the Crazy About Pincushions group. I love the weight they give a piece. And here I should mention.........the reason you need the batting is so the walnut shells will not protrude through your cotton fabric. Don't skip the batting as your pincushion will not have a nice smooth feel to it, if you do.
Today, there are other choices. For us, when my son started struggling in math this year, we called my mom, who teaches 5th grade math, and now they are Skyping on a super regular basis while she teaches him one on one. Now I know not everyone has that luxury, but there are some other options in todays world of technology.
'What would you say if you were writing a poem about Bubbles?' I ask.
There are those subtle things that I do in my own mind or to my own body that will cause my orgasms to expand and blossom into rich vibrant experiences. Simple things that I do to my body or think about that causes intense pleasure; pleasure so intense that my legs tremble and my asshole tingles as ecstasy rushes into me. Pleasure that is so excruciating it makes my prostate quiver as the orgasm squeezes it and causes pre cum to drool from my cock.
Strange Flesh I’m always up for books that take place in ARGs. I do not, however, like that I’m told in the blurb that “this is the book everyone will be talking about this year.” Hmph. Don’t you tell me what to do!
(1)Place the flour and salt in a large bowl.
The story of Ireland’s bailout in November 2010 has been partly told in dribs and drabs. Governor of the Central Bank of Ireland, Patrick Honohan said that the Minister for Finance in November 2010, the late Brian Lenihan was “crestfallen” when he learned from the ECB that Ireland couldn’t default even on the unguaranteed debts of the banks. The Governor went on to say that Minister Lenihan was “offered no room” for negotiation on the matter. And in April 2011, Dan O’Brien in a BBC Radio 4 programme referred to a letter sent by the former ECB president, Jean-Claude Trichet on Friday 19th November to Minister Lenihan which set out the ECB position, and which implicitly made demands on Ireland in respect of repaying bondholders as a quid pro quo for the ingoing provision of liquidity to Irish banks – remember to this day, the ECB provides €150bn-odd to Irish banks in loans secured by assets in the banks; the ECB does the same with banks in other countries.
That struck a chord in me as I began to make all kinds of spiritual and practical applications. We are all on a journey where the only thing we can actually control is our response to it- our attitude and our faith. Bridgett was encouraging Jess to embrace the adventure, hang on and see what happens.
4. Place dough onto oiled baking sheet, and flatten to cover the whole sheet evenly. Use the tips of your fingers to make indentations all over the dough spaced about 1 inch apart (I forgot to do this). Drizzle the focaccia with 3 tablespoons olive oil, then sprinkle rosemary, Parmesan cheese, and remaining 1 tablespoon of kosher salt over the top. Let rise for 10 minutes.
Here we are: it's the opening of Act IV in the drama of Ana! I got back yesterday from a wonderful skiing holiday in Val-d'Isère, right in the heart of French Savoy. I’ve been before; I was there two seasons ago, and I’m pleased to say that things remain much the same as they were. The skiing was good, the company was good and New Year was wild!
“The main political parties are so out of touch with working-class people.
My three year old, Henry, is also not a morning person. After dragging myself out of bed, I have to drag him out of bed. And he likes to pretend he's still sleeping when I know he's not to make things more difficult. He's lately taken to pulling the blanket back on and whispering, "I'm sleeping," with his eyes closed, as if he's talking in his sleep or something. And half the time, he really is sleeping and it is a chore to get him to wake up enough to get ready.
Foods of Yule:
They always throw around this term ‘the liberal elite.’ And I kept thinking to myself about the Christian right. What’s more elite than believing that only you will go to heaven?
For teams with low line gearbox solutions, blowing the exhausts into the void behind the engine above the gearbox may be beneficial in cutting drag. A ‘middle ground’ option could be blow towards the cars centreline above the rear impact structure, in most cases this would be fairly neutral, but the fitment of the winglet atop the crash structure for high downforce races would see it benefit from the exhaust plume.
The room was stunning, and the table setting absolutely lovely. John is quite the chef, and had, in fact, made our lunch! We dined on shepherd's pie, brussels sprouts, salad, and a spectacular apple crisp made from apples from their own trees, a wonderful red wine and iced tea!
miracles that cannot be counted. He provides rain for the earth;
I do remember looking forward to the end of the episode when Levar would say, "Don't take my word for it..." and then kids would recommend other books to read. The best recommendations for kids are ones that come straight from the kids' mouths.
Listen = to give attention with the ear; attend closely for the purpose of hearing; give ear. (dictionary.reference.com)
You have to know I never learned it; not even notes...
1. The Highly Caffeinated Version
Green capsicum - 1, seeded and diced
Once I got my current job, I was able to throw down money on that credit card like crazy. I also never bought anything that I couldn't pay for in full. The biggest help, besides having a job, of course, was keeping my bills/expenses low. I didn't get a smart phone until last month, because I wanted to keep my cell phone bill below $50. I also don't pay for cable TV. Biggest of all, though, is my rent. While it's expensive compared to someone living in the Midwest, I only pay $450 a month. Compared to everyone else I know...this is nothing. I share a two bedroom apartment with my Life Partner and one other roommate. It's a small, VERY small two bedroom...but we make it work. Splitting the internet and electricity bill three ways is helpful, too.
I have a project to share with you that I made. I found a travel mug at my local dollar store that you can decorate and thought it would be so cute to do this with Tilda's. The inside comes out, and I traced the shape of paper. (It is cut in a special shape so that it fits into the cup.) I traced my shape onto some watercolor paper, then stamped my Tilda images. I used Ribbon Hair Tilda, Tilda with Bike, and Hello Little Butterfly. I colored my images with Distress Inks, added stickles, and then scattered the little brads around the images. The brads are shaped like flowers and stars. I really like my little travel cup, when I run errands I like to keep water in the car with me, incase I get thirsty. So this is just perfect. Here are some pics. They are a little cloudy because of the clear plastic around the outside. But you'll get the point.
Accessories is still early in its repositioning, though it achieved some well-received first-quarter brand launches, according to ShopNBC.
Light Of The World ~ London Town ~ Ensign ~ 1980
“Umm-” Addison frowned, trying to think of a message to leave Christian, “I’ll just call back later.”
For more on Amendment One and the vote in North Carolina, you can visit the Huffington Post’s coverage here.
much of the mystery of my family of origin is clearer, some mystery
So with a new set of Close to My Heart stamps in hand, I had to go to work... tee hee...
BobFromBrockley reminded me that Gilad Atzmon is now on a tour of the United States, and one of the places he visited was Geneva, New York, not too far from Ithaca, where I usually live. I found an article about his visit on the Finger Lakes Times website. He was, as usual, sponsored by Daniel McGowan's outfit, Deir Yassin Remembered. He was accompanied by his regular sidekick and fellow antisemite, Rich Siegel, playing at the Cracker Factory (no, I did not make up this name!).
Discovering and developing our potential is the solution. You are so much more powerful than you know, politically and ‘spiritually’. Reclaiming and developing that power can create new worlds, literally. Which may sound ‘New Agey’, but is actually scientific fact. With that in mind some of the entries connect you with the leading edge work of some of the most advanced minds in the fields of science and human potential.
Marilyn French's The War Against Women is a very important book, and I give it a rating of 8 out of 10.
Last year, while doing some spring cleaning, I came across an old birdcage. I had bought the birdcage about 10 years ago at a store similar to Hobby Lobby. I don’t exactly remember what I thought I was going to do with it, but it was one of those things that looks great when you first buy it, but soon ends up in the back storeroom of the basement. Just as I was about to throw it out, I decided to give it to our 6 year-old neighbor, McKenna. And she loved it. She quickly set about trying to catch a bird. Her method was subtle. She would leave the birdcage in a spot that she thought was likely to have a lot of bird traffic–next to a bush, in the middle of the yard, or under the tree. Importantly, McKenna would leave the door to the birdcage open. Don and I enjoyed coming home in the evening and seeing where McKenna had placed the open-door birdcage. After a week or two of leaving the cage in various places (with its door always open), McKenna must have realized she wasn’t going to convince a bird to come inside; consequently, she gave up. The birdcage disappeared and McKenna went on to other pursuits.
If you’ve ever visited a brewery that opens to the public you probably have an underlying sense that while these places are under the stewardship of people who care about the product and the procedure they are essentially a manufacturing concern.
Reminder: Yup, its all you, all the time. Every single decision is yours, every single financial emergency, and every single financial mistake, every single bill, every single decision, every single worry about being laid off, every single budget or math error - all yours. Yippee! I would have given a kidney to have someone there to help with those decisions. I occasionally had enough money to buy something I wanted. You could have had it back for the price of some sound financial advice I didn’t have to pay for.
St Saviours Church exemplifies the influence of the Russian imported Anglican Church. Originally built in 1904, the church began its service on the other side of the sound. It was floated across and onto a lot, next to town, the railroad donated. Various improvements ensued.
We interrupt our jungle adventure to bring you a new feature, Top Lists. The first one I want to share with y’all is something that’s been bubbling up since we landed in the US. It’s been 6 weeks since we returned, and I’ve had some time to reflect on how I feel now, being home, that’s different from before we started our journey.
I've decided to stick with that word again, but this time across the board. I found that it really does release me from a lot of the stress that past resolutions have caused. I mean, think about it....how hard is it really to do at least one thing better during the year? I don't narrow it down any more than that because the possibilities on ways to improve are endless, I tell ya.
Ken Konias had been on the run since the end of February after he allegedly murdered an armored truck guard and stole millions of dollars.
1 extent
The album opens with the title track, a nostalgic look at the early years of a successful relationship, when times were tough and money was in short supply. This song falls in the usual medium-slow groove that Gosdin favored. The song may be familiar to some as a track on John Michael Montgomery’s Life’s A Dance album.
I am writing to you regarding the proposed cuts to staffing for the above titles and to try and dissuade you from this catastrophic course you seem intent on taking.
Let stand for 3 minutes and then using a flat hand, gently flatten the sandwich (using a slight twisting motion helps) so the melted peppermint patty oozes to the cookie edge.
January 20, 2012 ~ Got all documents of dossier completed except waiting on one. Then I will take them all to be notarized, then to the clerk of court to be certified, then to the Secretary of State to be certified.
This address, as well known, met with an immediate negative reaction. The positive response surfaced later, most noticeably in the Luther meeting. On 1st November 1967 over 2,500 people gathered in Westminster Chapel to commemorate the 450th anniversary of Luther’s promulgation of his Ninety-Five Theses. 15
Camping in New York City can be a challenge. There is only one campground open to the public inside city limits, and it has just four campsites. In a city of over 8 million people, getting a reservation at Floyd Bennett Airfield's campground can be difficult, and it is often pre-booked for Native American powwows and Gypsy festivals. Recognizing this, the United States Secretary of the Interior announced a plan on June 13th to transform Floyd Bennett from an abandoned municipal airport into "America's largest urban park campground," according to NY1, with up to 600 campsites available sometime in the future.
Alison xoxoxo
Feeling the tingle below the belt is quite unexpected in a room full of stinky middle school students, but Viper just had a way of instantly turning me on. I started to fantasize about him on my drives to and from work. After G rated conversations with him after school, I would still be turned on when I got home an hour later. Then, he started to send me Facebook messages at six in the morning. That was when I finally figured out that he was interested.
Like previous Soderbergh projects, Traffic (which he directed) and Syriana (which he produced), Contagion follows an ensemble cast of characters and a series of interwoven narratives in order to explore a significant social phenomenon from multiple perspectives. Whereas Traffic and Syriana were examinations of contemporary, real-world phenomena, Contagion tackles a chilling “what if?” scenario, expounding on existing scientific knowledge to devise a series of nightmarishly believable possibilities in ways that would make the late Michael Crichton proud. The film’s primary plot threads follow the virus’s first known victim, Beth Emhoff (Gwyneth Paltrow), a Minnesotan businesswoman returning from a trip to Hong Kong; her husband, Mitch Emhoff (Matt Damon), who is discovered to be immune to the virus and forced to cope with his loss while protecting his teenage daughter; a doctor at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Dr. Ellis Cheever (Laurence Fishburne), tasked by the US government with finding an answer to the virus, and fast; an Epidemic Intelligence Services officer (yes, that is a real thing), Dr. Erin Mears (Kate Winslet), sent to Minneapolis to investigate the initial outbreak; a World Health Organization epidemiologist, Dr. Leonora Orantes (Marion Cotillard), sent to Hong Kong to investigate the virus’s point of origin; and a paranoid, opportunistic blogger, Alan Krumwiede (Jude Law), who provokes from another character the best line in the film: “Blogging isn’t writing, it’s graffiti with punctuation!” This is not even counting the myriad subplots and periphery characters that populate the 106-minute film; this is one jam-packed movie, and the plot moves forward at a relentless pace without a second of filler. In some ways, it feels too succinct; when the credits rolled, I felt vaguely unsatisfied, like I wanted to go back and explore some of the characters and plot threads further. Traffic was based on a TV mini-series, re-imagined and condensed into a two-hour film. I would love to see the opposite occur with Contagion; the scope, complexity and multifaceted nature of the film’s plot could easily carry, and would in fact lend itself well to a TV series, and a number of topics and ideas only briefly (if at all) touched upon in the film, such as the virus’s impact on countries other than the United States and China, could be effectively fleshed out in such a format.
today - I went to a local nursery and bought a few hydrangea plants to plant tomorrow.. I plan on spending part of my birth-day in the garden, tending Mother Earth.. starting the year as I wish to continue it.. peaceful.
Handling the myriad problems associated with alien crimes is often beyond the capabilities of local police departments.
Ironically enough this tatty 1960s block replaced a previous Greek Thomson effort on the same site. To be fair, the Thomson building wasn’t one of his greatest, and the concrete office block was a handsome building in its time. My fascination with this store started when I found out how long it had been trading. It was like the retail equivalent of the brush that’s had three new heads and two new handles. Think about it; the business has been operating here longer than the actual building it’s in. It’s changed ownership too, several times. But until last week it was still in the same place selling groceries where it had been for 130 years.
Here’s what I want to do this weekend:
The rhythm section gets a workout in this Dixon/Farrell penned number. In terms of instrumentation it is Paul's bass and Ringo's drums that are most prominent. Ringo takes his turn at lead vocals, and Paul's voice is the most prominent among the backing vocals. George has a solo, but for the most part the guitarists are just along for the ride.
And man, I would KILL for a nap right now. I’m beat.
“Nothing? Well, I'll give you some more time, perhaps move you again.” Whisper lifted the glass and poured liquid into his waiting mouth. A wistful fog drifted from the brim and his pursed lips. “One thing though, either make up your mind to take the promotion I am going to offer you, or...”
The Story of The Ride Out to the Little House on The Prairie – in Photos
into your brain ... you can travel
In Japan and Korea specifically, personal computers aren’t the primary port of access to the Internet with Mobile Phones taking the lead position of connectivity. According to the 2011 ICT report, there are almost 6 billion mobile cellular subscriptions which has grown 45% annually over the last for years. (ICT Report, 2011) (Korean Telecommunications, 2012)
(I am cancer)
1 chase
Me and the other visitor left at about 10pm to catch the train home - her to Paris and me to Versailles. We were waiting at the station and the train was announced to be 20 minutes late.
In her verbal assault, the woman screams, “You’re corrupted, corrupted” at the man whom she calls “you white idiot”.
Action, air supply, performance, construction, and maintenance are some of these restrictions often be established, though for essentially the paintball marker upgrades and challenging of all shapes and sizes for your practice time consisting of actually playing paintball. Spice up your mind. It is time to buy paintball guns, and also have the paintball marker upgrades a deeper volume discount. These packages are also included.
Queensland Health deputy director-general warned pregnant women who may have been infected by the potentially deadly bacteria to see their doctor without delay because of Listeria infection’s 70-day incubation period.
So you just bought a new home and you may or may not know the history of the previous owner. Smudging your new digs on a regular basis, with white sage smudge sticks or a simple stick of lavender incense, purifies and cleanses your home of these unwanted energies.
joining the world as an infant,
Enormous for me.
Cloud provides almost unlimited computing power which encourages us to build larger and more complex application. Building such application will require large teams and the code has to be easily maintainable.
Fortunately, like us Roger and Mirta are always early, and when they came in they told us the reservation had been made in the name of their friends Ruth and Gustavo, and that there would be just the six of us.
(ME knows his face is in danger of wearing that very same look of 'friendly despair'. His mind races with a thousand sudden doubts about his knowledge of beer, because BARMAN works here - he actually works for St Austell - so the likelihood of him being wrong is totally minuscule. And yet...)
The Mayor's heart was smashed
At the reception, the Baron Pierre de Coubertin stood up and addressed the invited guests. It is easy to imagine his satisfaction as he began his speech. "J’ai connu, il y 35 ans, des gens qui me témoignaient quelque humeur parce que j’empruntais aux Anglais l’habitude, le goût des exercices sportifs et que je l’introduisais dans ce pays où je risquais, disaient-ils, d’abaisser le niveau des études" (I knew, 35 years ago, people who humoured me because I borrowed from the English the love of sporting exercises, and who believed that I risked bringing down the level of education (in France)).
Things have been hectic for us. (Especially since David’s dad started chemo on Monday for stage 3 Lymphoma.) We’re paying for the wedding ourselves (we’ve both been married before but neither of us had a wedding) and we’re older (though David is actually still young–I don’t think 33 (almost 34) is old). My parents are getting their yard ready but we need to get an arch or something, as well as things like lights for the reception area, table clothes, etc. It all adds up. My parents and many of my family members are making the food for the reception, my aunt is making the cake and cupcakes, and some of our friends are helping us with the beer, wine, and liquor.
Today arrived from Texas an ebay package I was anxiously awaiting. It´s always a noble act to grab on ebay the failed projects of the fellow wargamer and free him of the weight of having yet another impossible army on the painting table.
Woot! Alex Varty has written an article about Couloir, who are playing on the final concert of David Pay’s Modulus Festival! Oh, I suppose I should point out that I have a new piece of music on this program, called Three Medititations on Light. One of them is Bioluminescence (a strange and beautiful phenomenon, though difficult to spell…)
I still had the flowers out on my counter so I put them to use again and made a set of 6 blank cards that may be used for any occasion. They are all markered and spritzed with water before stamping onto ivory cardstock. A few spatters and edge distressing combined with 3 different ribbon (one with a clip, the other through an eyelet) or linen thread treatments completed the image panel. A smudge of Star Dust Stickles on the flower heads provide a little sparkle.
Anyway, I haven't really come to any big conclusions or meta-analysis about my blogging. Just wanted to explain a bit and provide some awkward prelude to the following list of random thoughts.
If you want to lose weight using yoga as your primary workout, you are going to need to commit to a fast-paced practice, ideally every day. Ashtanga yoga is a great choice since daily practice is encouraged, but power yoga, some hot yoga and some vinyasa yoga may also do the trick. Another option is to use yoga as part of your overall weight loss plan but not count on getting the bulk of your cardio at yoga class. Yoga combined with walking, running, or biking is a great choice.
My mom is a woman of few words so sharing her feelings about the test was difficult. However, I know in the two weeks prior to the test, it was always on her mind. Several times during the week before the test, she had been unable to eat, saying she could not swallow. Some research on my part gave me the details that she must “swallow” during this procedure. I knew again it was nerves that had driven these symptoms.
Here’s the big one. The awesome one. You ready for this? Not counting pitchers … Jamie Moyer has faced or been teammates with every single MVP in either league since 1980. Every … single … one … in … either … league.
This last week my baby Niko spiked a fever of 103 and had been fighting colds and infections since Christmas and I'd had ENOUGH with Mexican medicine and requested to leave early from work (so I'd make it across the border before the doctors would close) and headed to Texas.
Super-spies vs. vampires? Yes, please! Night’s Black Agents (NBA) from Pelgrane Press takes this concept and cranks it to eleven. Kenneth Hite (@kennethhite) has taken the GUMSHOE system and run off to battle otherworldly horrors with it. My cursory reading of the rules has me excited to see what the system is capable of.
So, tomorrow is the PhySoc AGM (or the Physics Society’s Annual General Meeting) here at the University of Surrey – And I plan to stand for Vice President. However it is 11pm, which leaves 14 hours till I need to make a speech to present why I am the best candidate.
As the tracker stooped to investigate the United Nations name tape, his three comrades joined him.
Ruth honored Naomi when she told her that she would not leave her. That she would go wherever Naomi went, that she would live where Naomi lived and die where Naomi died. Her God would be Naomi’s God.
a few seconds,
What was he dreaming of just a few days before Christmas?
which I also hate.
Stay Extraordinary in NYC~
We're cooking dinner together.
Some of these recipes take time and attempting to do them all on the same day is overwhelming. Plus if anything goes amiss, you'll have time to start over or make adjustments without becoming stressed. You should also enjoy the party as much as your guests!
10. The world is the best university you can ever find
Crispy Cod with Anjou Purée & Meyer Lemon Aioli
Earrings: Ann Taylor Loft
Found a template online but now
In our family we like to play the "Chubby, Chubby" game. You know the one that goes, "Hi, I'm Chubby Chubby. My Momma's chubby, blah, blah, blah". My kids get a huge kick out of me trying to smile with my cheeks squeezed together. It's been a while since we've played, but it obviously has made an impression on Kenny's mind.
So obviously you don't want to have your players completely dominated by the invasion, but you don't want them to easily stop it either. You have two easy options. The first is scaled encounters with mixed monsters and monsters with character levels. Most everybody is doing this now, so it shouldn't be anything new, especially if you are running a 3.X, Pathfinder or 4.X edition game. The second option is totally on the players to achieve - the ability and willingness to retreat. Yes, your players need to be able to recognize when to run away so that they live to fight another day. I have personally had very mixed results with this option, both as a player and as a DM. The last party I DM'd for was split on retreating with a couple of party members running away and the rest staying and dying, it created some hard feelings and helped lead to a split in the group. As a player, I never ran from a fight until I played Hackmaster, then we ran on a regular basis, yes, we lost honor and a little loyalty from our henchmen, but we lived and eventually succeeded.
When CDs first appeared in the early eighties they were clearly the next technological leap in music distribution. Supposably indestructible (well the early thick ones were tough), but offering quicker access, such as the ability to skip tracks, and jump end to end. There were positive and negative points depending on your perspective. Positives were the access,and the quality, no more crackle and static clicks. The size, they would take up less storage space. Negatives, were they were smaller so the packaging was more formal and less art work. This was compared to vinyl obviously, arguably this was also a problem with the cassette. On the audio front, some of the CD versions were often a bit bright or shrill, too much top end. There was debate on which, vinyl or cd, offered the better sound. It was argued that vinyl was warmer. As it panned out, this might have been the case in early cd pressings, but as record companies cottoned on to how to do better digital masters, and the quality of CD players for the home improved on a cost to technology basis, CDs became the better quality format.
Just recently, a “NU’EST bus” has been spotted driving around the city advertising the group’s debut date and the title of their highly anticipated debut single!
It contained a small paring knife which he would use to slice up apples.
The weather forecast has changed overnight, and so I took my raincoat out of my backpack, and substituted a small pillow instead, in an attempt to sleep on the bus. Unfortunately, but the time we got to the bus and got on, I was wide awake. I finally was able to fall asleep around 8am, and then was jolted awake about 9am when the driver slammed on his brakes. Ugh.
It's just a house, Kate.
They girls slept from 10:30-ish to about 7am, with the exception of one of them who called her Mom at 11pm and went home homesick. And one that left at 9 who wasn't planning on staying the night. We made it through with very little drama and the girls were picked up at 10am. All in all, not a horrible experience.
Nice piano on this...Hav doesn't meld with it as well as he did with those menacing and dusty productions from the 90's he used to cook up though...
Friday of the Third Week of Easter
Today I decided that maybe that was a project best reserved for tomorrow.
As the relationship between Sky and Jameson begins to heat up, things with his parents start to cool down. Arguments and strange, distant behavior lead to Jameson’s dad leaving their family for another woman. Then, while Sky has always demanded complete honesty from Jameson, he finds that she has not been as forthcoming.
The plant does so well in shady location and it functions as a great ground cover. Watch out, it spreads very easily, which could be a great thing but also it could be difficult to contain or get rid of it if you needed to.
It may come as a shock that Paul is announcing judgment on the basis of works. But there can be no doubt that that is exactly what he is doing. Those who practice the works of the flesh are denied entrance to the kingdom of God. How can Paul, who so vehemently defends justification by faith in Christ, not by works of the law (2:16), now turn around and declare that judgment will be on the basis of works? Is this a glaring contradiction in his theology? Some have thought so. But some reflection on the flow of Paul’s argument will show the consistency of his thought. The evidence that the Galatian believers had really been justified by faith was the presence of the Spirit in their lives. They had received the Spirit simply by believing the gospel, not by observing the law–just as righteousness had been reckoned to Abraham on the basis of his faith (3:1-6). Those who receive the Spirit experience a moral transformation by the directive power of the Spirit (5:16-18). If there was no evidence of moral transformation, then there was no basis for claiming the presence of the Spirit, and hence there was no basis for claiming justification by faith. And if they had not experienced justification by faith, then of course they would not inherit the kingdom of God.
I will let others better placed than I am expand on the moral outrage that can be extended to this set of events. Let me, rather, conclude by arguing that the bulldozing of the tuyilam illam is also an instance of bad politics. That is, it contradicts the kind of “pragmatic politics” that Dayan Jayatilleka has enjoined on the regime he has so been so closely associated with.[xvii]
at reflections in scratched panes
UDRCN Blog (udrcnblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
I'm only doing this for a month.....that's it...then I'm cancelling the memberships and bagging it....this gives me plenty of time to find a date for Valentine's day, right?
Sues was indeed gay, but afraid that it would ruin his career, he tried to keep it a secret. He didn’t really do a good job of it though. From 1968-1972 while on Laugh-In he played Big Al, the effeminate sportscaster, Uncle Al the Kiddies’ Pal, a constantly hung-over children’s show host who made gay sexual overtones. And he was constantly flirting overtly with guest on the program.
to pay it any mind.
- Decorating
Dr. Rick Sasso, a spinal surgeon from Indianapolis, said he did not think that Dr. Michelson's ideas were all totally original, but that he was very adept at getting patents. "He didn't make any of those things," Dr. Sasso reportedly told the New York Times. "He didn't manufacture. He got some ideas and wrote them on a piece of paper and filed them with the patent office."
NOTE: DDL provider installation complete.
Love and Hate are very closely related cousins. Both come with emotions. Very strong emotions and when dialog ensues and less ego is present Hate can turn back into Love. That is why we say both are so close together. The real problem maker is Indifference. You can never gain traction again.
Stylist and I have decided that we are having a two-tiered cake to cut and then we will have sheet cake served to our guests. Yes, the same amount of cake is being provided but it’s cheaper because you aren’t paying for the tiers and decoration. I also love this idea because so often guests are waiting long after dinner to receive their cake. This way, your dinner and evening can flow with no interruptions.
I made two of these cards for a friend. One has a sentiment for a high school graduate. The other for a college graduate. I used papers from my stash. The tassel was made with DMC embroidery thread.
Incontinence
"Expectation is the mother of all disappointment." Do not expect or depend upon any outside help, for it would create a false sense of security. Accept the fact that we are on our own and plan as if we are on our own. Depend only upon yourself. Take stock of what you have and do not have, your strengths and your weaknesses. That way we could formulate a winning strategy.
The first thing is the beginning of the letter. Jesus dictates these words to John, who copies them down. In each letter, Jesus identifies Himself in a different way. Here, He calls Himself “him who holds the seven stars in his right hand and walks among the seven golden lampstands.” If you read my previous post, you’ll (hopefully) remember that the seven lampstands are the seven churches Jesus dictates to (Rev. 1:20), and according to the beginning of the letter to the Ephesians, Jesus is the one who walks among the lampstands. Follow me? Jesus walks among His churches.
Unforgiven (1992, dir. Clint Eastwood) had an amazing cast that delivered two of the best supporting actor nominations (won one) that year. The great cast anchors this gritty western that is as much a nostalgia piece on the Western as it is on the West. The performance, writing, and cinematography finally come together to give a depth to the western genre that it richly deserved and almost never achieved.
I believe that our country will be stronger and better prepared to meet our challenges with a cleansing of the Presidency. The President of the United States is the most powerful person in the world because we are the strongest country economically and militarily, and in the appeal of our idealism for liberty and freedom of conscience. Our President must be strong because a President personifies the rule of law that he is sworn to uphold and protect. We must believe him and trust him if we are to follow him. His influence on domestic and foreign policies comes from that trust, which a lifetime of words, deeds, and achievements has built.
Today at 1:53 PM we had an earthquake measuring 5.8 on the Richter scale. The epicenter was in Mineral, Virginia but was felt as far away as Toronto, Canada. It was a "shallow" earthquake which is why it was felt so far and wide.
So what do you think? Before I plunked down $185 for a Thomas Pink RTW shirt I would certainly go to Cego or some other local custom shirtmaker, wouldn't you? Of course, you need to know what you're looking for in a shirt and many people probably don't.
"Corina, I feel the same but I like wrestling. I'm good at it and they seem to want me in the fold so why not? What'll it cost? A few weeks of walking around like an idiot. A couple of harmless challenges and we're in. Friends for life. Or at least while we're here at college. I'm going for it."
18-The Slave
But I had some from my aunts. They were good for that.
film which will release soon, a 3D TV series(involving bears) for kids and a 4D ride for an amusement park abroad. All this in
So why do marketers do this?
Part A exists because there have been far too many high profile instances where the public has been “fooled” by the sport. Ben Johnson and the Dubin Inquiry back in the late ‘80’s, early 90’s; BALCO in the early 2000’s; the revelation from former U.S. officials that Carl Lewis and others may have had positive tests covered up in the late 80’s; all have had the cumulative effect on the general populace, as well as athletes themselves who’ve expressed as much in this age of social media, of taking away any confidence that once existed in this sport’s drug testing policies and procedures.
Making a raspberry sound with her tongue, Emily laughed, “…ffffff…stuff that comes in a can.”
(For the record, I haven't yet decided whether to leave Seven at $2.99. I am firmly on the "as many readers as possible" side of the question and the lower sales for Seven don't sit well with me. However, I did put out a collection of four of my books for $2.99. I actually earn more from one sale of the collection than from selling each of the books individually, and the reader pays less. Win-win!)
HG rating 1
This recipe makes 13 servings, with each serving being 8 oz. That’s 4 WW Points, but add Fat Free Sour Cream and 1/8 cup of regular cheese blend and onion mix, and it’s still only a 6 point dinner.
We argue about couples therapy, which we've begun. How does one take it seriously, the way these women speak, the earnestness, the light lilting inflection to her speech.
I jumped at this news and hope to speak with David next week to learn more. In the meantime, we have a responsibility to help David's efforts succeed. Let's use his effort to push further on our own transparency initiatives. It's a great opportunity for Glasspockets to chime in, for other grantmakers to think about their information sharing and for the rest of us to use the information that does get provided. It's great that one grantmaker has committed to put this information out there - but transparency improves practice only when the information is used. We need others to follow David. Perhaps you'd like to surpass him, you're not going to let him get away with this "throw down challenge" as most transparent, are you?!
I only started drinking coffee about a month ago. Myself and Besto, early one sunny Sunday afternoon ventured into Dublin west. I know, I know I could have been killed, but this particular spot, what with a real canal and lock, is devastatingly beautiful. It just felt like a day for change, I don’t know why.
I am having a slow day today, after yesterdays excitement I needed to take things quietly so have been reading, enjoying re reading The Shell Seakers, with a few bits of house work in between.
7:45 pm – 9:30 pm Reception, cash bar, and hors d’oeuvres.
The journey back begins with forgiveness, or at leas the attempt at it. We need to keep trying until we get it right. I did not find any benefit in self help groups because it felt more like a "complain and be vindicated" session. Recognition of the problem seemed to come with permission for any behavior I chose to exhibit. There was recognition but no road map to get back to normalcy.
When I asked God, He said there will be a new set and it will not be for ten years. He said “because those people were in covenant with you for ten years, I had no choice but to keep them alive for ten years”. He said “You tied my hands”.
Something is definitely wrong with a populace that would see 1Malaysia as threatening to Malay rights simply because it aims to be more inclusive.
I do admit, I was a bit lost in the mystery at first (I think it was all the M names… Martin, Marston, Mitchell…) but I was able to straighten myself out and was really surprised by the ending and how the mystery was resolved! Another one I didn’t expect.
Rousseau is no enthusiast for capitalism; but could he be seen as an enthusiast for this new style of patriarchy (what some have called ‘fratriarchy’)? I think that seeing him in this way makes a lot of sense.
Not wanting your children and grandchildren to grow up in an Israel facing a nuclear Iran does not mean that you plan on emigrating from Israel. The kind of declaration cited in the cable simply underscores the resolve of Israelis not to allow Iran to obtain nuclear weapons. We don't know how ordinary Israelis would respond to a nuclear Iran; I am not convinced that there would be an exodus.
His men lifted their voices, the music filled the air, and their celebrations began anew. He watched with a smile on his lips and then retired to his wagon for a bit of rest after the night’s activities. He tossed the cup into a corner and flopped onto the bed of straw.
Dear Knucklehead(s),
But Thursday’s presentation didn’t spend too much time delving into this timeline. Rather, Golia and Call opened up some of the Historical Society’s collections to show the employee newsletters, financial ledgers, insurance maps, scrapbooks, posters, advertisements, catalogues and recorded interviews, that give a fuller and more nuanced picture of the businesses and people that have made Brooklyn tick.
Stage 4 Is it technical?
In Guy’s first operation in Dakar goes well and then Richie Hook goes off on his own an messes up the mission and Guy is reprimanded despite doing what he was told.
And that is it. Disagree?
Hi Patti:
Really? You'd rather see daily journalism die than pay for it by selling advertising for services that a not-insignificant portion of your readership would patronize (or at least read voyeuristically, as they do your crime coverage)? No wonder conservatives think the MSM disdains the public: You do. I don't know if it's true, as was said on GCB, that Dallas is the world's strip club capital, but it's gotta be up there: This is your readership. Own it.
You now I feel pretty good but that ain’t saying much I could feel a whole lot better
I might as well go insane if this goes on
But I ask myself, "why must the two be separate?" Teaching and learning can be both captivating and challenging.
We stayed in the Hilton right next to Universal (thanks to hubby's hotel points). It had 24 floors and the girls really wanted to stay on an upper floor. So, S went in with Paul to check in. They had us in a room with only one bed, so they were in the process of changing it and she asked if we could get a room higher in the hotel. We got one on the top floor, right between the executive suite and the diplomatic suite, so we were the ONLY regular sized room on that side of the building. On our floor was also the Presidential Suite, which the rumor in the elevator from guys who were at the "BIG" party there the night before was that it was 3000 sqft. Don't know if that is true, but thats crazy what ever size it was. Took up the whole side of the building, with a nice set of double wooden doors to get in there.
In the early stages of the conflict, violence is likely to be spontaneous, disorganized, and relatively low in fatalities due to the lack of availability of weapons and the vigorous riot control efforts of the authorities. However, once the Rubicon has been crossed and it has become clear to both sides that any sort of peaceful coexistence is impossible, cooler heads on both sides will start asking themselves what their long-term objectives should be and how they are most likely to be achieved.
Originally I had intended to be back amidst a lot of fanfare and fireworks and yet I sit in front of my laptop with slouched shoulders and the weight of the world pressing on them. I am a man of my word, March end I said and here I am.
For example, take a look at this adorable mini-house book.
Then the agents tell you what's wrong with it. They don't like anything. All they do is pick at things. Yours, everyone else's. How does a single book ever get sold if they don't like anything.
Inner awareness is what Mr Palomar wants, and he hopes to achieve it by increased consciousness of his surroundings. But he looks so hard that sometimes he cannot see what matters. Rather than enjoy it, he feels guilty when he cannot identify the bird a song belongs to. He feels he “must go and look at the stars … because he hates waste and believes it is wrong to waste the great quantity of stars that is put at his disposal.” Looking down as well as up, he contemplates his lawn: “the lawn’s purpose is to represent nature, and this representation occurs as the substitution of the nature proper to the area with a nature in itself natural but artificial for this area.” (Yes, there are many sentences in Mr Palomar that you need to read twice. Really, it is a book that you need to read twice.) He watches the daytime moon, “porous as a sponge”, solidify as night falls into a “lake of shininess … brimming in the darkness with a halo of cold silver.” As he considers the world around him, questioning everything he sees, he reflects that “perhaps it is this same distrust of our senses that prevents us from feeling comfortable in the universe.” He extends his discomfiture to mankind generally: to think as he does is to bring on unsettling uncertainties. Ignorance is bliss, if only he could see it.
through the knee-high weeds
It's the kind of news that makes you go and hug your children, even if they are asleep.
or if all else fails, sneak into my house, grab your copy of twilight and have a duvet day.
Three minutes went by and a middle aged man noticed there was musician playing. He slowed his pace and stopped for a few seconds and then hurried up to meet his schedule.
YA books about abuse, vampires, and self-mutilation may get published because that's what sells. But those books probably sell because—at least in the cases of abuse and self-mutilation—that's what is. (I'm not so sure about the vampires.) There are kids out there with very real, gut-wrenching problems, problems too big for them to deal with but they're dealing with them, anyway—and guess what? YA literature, just like all literature, can help them make sense of the senseless things that happen to them. That's what story does. I think what Gurdon would like is to pretend that the dark stuff doesn't exist, or even if it does, it should be swept into the sewage system as easily as what we flush down the toilet. And maybe for her life, she's right.
You can use strawberry Jello and the sliced frozen strawberries, or you can do raspberry Jello with huckleberries. They are all VERY good!! You have to try this if you have never had this before. And if you have, you'll just have to make it again!
We finished up with learning about Ancient Egypt this week, going through King Tut and the Exodus. (Bluebird insisted on reading some of the books by herself.) In addition to reading Tutankhamen's Gift, we also read bits and pieces from Pharaohs of Ancient Egypt and Tales from Ancient Egypt. Bluebird especially liked the story about the Golden Lotus falling to the bottom of the lake. We read a few more chapters from His Majesty, Queen Hatshepsut, but then I decided that she was a little too young for that particular rendition. We also read The Moses Basket, Exodus from Egypt and Moses: The Long Road to Freedom. (I especially liked Moses: The Long Road to Freedom.) I didn't make her do any narration because her throat was really hurting her; but I did make her do some mapwork because it's not too terribly hard to circle things and color in the Red Sea.
Weeks later, Gino and I bumped into Anton again in a club. After a polite exchange of talk, I made my way to the bar to get a drink. I looked over to where Gino was and saw he was being accosted by a couple of guys. He was thoroughly enjoying himself, basking in the attention. He smiled and waved at me, and I nodded back.
A battle began in the little 10 ft square foyer of the mansion as the party squeezed into the chamber to get a hit on the devil dog, who quickly expired under the attentions. And then as it burst into quickly dissipating smoke, they discovered it.
If you'd asked me to bet cold hard cash money on whether this query would ever work, I'd have laid odds it wouldn't. You proved me wrong. Congratulations.
A while back I was intrigued to see Lucy blogging about reducing the sugar in a famous recipe. I had never heard of it. But I had to try it and find out if it was worth the fuss. We enjoyed it but the fried noodles that form the backbone of the salad aren't regulars in my pantry and is unlikely to ever be, given that I prefer dried noodles. Nevertheless it was a nice change of salad served with some green green burgers.
Agreed?
But I digress, having made our way through the maze of stationary traffic we arrived at what we would call a minor ‘damage only’ collision. Car 1 pulls out of junction, into path of car 2 and a collision occurs, as the report would read. Having spoken to both parties, we required a breath test from both drivers. The driver who caused the collision was fine and provided a negative breath test, but unfortunately the other driver provided a positive breath test. This was about 9 am in the morning and he was twice the legal limit. Needless to say he was taken to the police station where he provided another positive sample, and where he stayed until he was sober.
1/2 cup of beeswax
Witty comedies have taken over television and film and it’s not a moment too soon. With shows and movies like “Bridesmaids,” “Modern Family,” “Happy Endings,” “Parks and Recreation,” “Hangover,” and the future resurgence of the brilliant “Arrested Development,” comedies are getting massive audiences and more attention is starting to be placed on the writers behind the laughs. On Friday, March 9, 2012, Peter Desberg and Jeffrey Davis, authors of “Show Me the Funny!: At the Writers’ Table with Hollywood’s Top Comedy Writers,” were in San Diego to talk about their book and their experiences with the top comedy screenwriters in Hollywood.
I’ll let you know what happens!
I am caught between yesterday and tomorrow.
Through it all.
This one has great colors, love the vintage look that it's got going on.
I do know this: I won’t find that elusive bathing suit body by launching into any unrealistic eating (starving) regime. Been there, done that, and failed spectacularly every time. As soon as I inform my body that we are on a new, “no fail” quest to slough off the pounds, I feel weak and unbearably hungry - I don’t usually make it past Day One.
Also, if you visit our Heroines with Hearts blogspot today, you can read Rosemary Gemmell's guest post about Writing for the Tween Market http://heroineswithhearts.blogspot.co.uk/2012/05/friday-friend-rosemary-gemmell-and.html and find out more about her latest release 'Summer of the Eagles'.
One Hundred Years of Solitude must also be lauded as a formal experiment. It is a quite remarkable achievement that a Third World writer was able, in 1967, to prefigure many of the methods and devices of First World postmodernist literature before it had really been established as a movement. The numerous instances of self-reflexivity in the novel, when the veracity of the story is radically called into question, serve García Márquez’s magical realist agenda of blurring the boundary between fact and fiction. When Aureliano Segundo is surprised by a book of fairy stories “that had no cover and the title did not appear anywhere” he asks Ursula if it is “‘true and she answered him that it was.” This can be seen as both a comment on the strategies used in One Hundred Years of Solitude and a manifesto for magical realism itself. The “double” nature of the novel, its dialectic between real/imaginary, dark/light, tragic/comic and so on, is hinted at by a description of Alfonso’s literary tastes: “His fervour for the written word was an interweaving of solemn respect and gossipy irreverence. Not even his own manuscripts were safe from this dualism.”
My Favorite Things
This can stand in your way toward getting down to your desired body weight and instead lead to a myriad of health problems. Going on detox diet gives your body the chance to get rid of the junk and accelerate the weight loss process .
Suffocation keeps me hostage to your memory. But I still choose to remember.
The medieval historian Ole Jørgen Benedictow from the University of Oslo debunks the myth about Europeans’ so-called cultural debt to Arabs, pointing out that “the Arab-Muslim conquest of the Eastern Roman Empire spelled the downfall of Classical civilization. It is absurd, to put it mildly, to claim that it was saved by the Arab-Muslim conquest.” Saladin’s son fortunately failed in his attempt at dismantling the Gaza Pyramid in Egypt.
De Klerk and Meyer, along with the rest of the sorry bunch of Afrikanerbond traitors, enriched themselves in the deals struck with the ANC long before the 1994 elections. They all made sure they are well looked after, so I guess South Africa turning into a cesspool of criminal thugs and corrupt government officials is not that much of an issue to them. It just happens to be bad news for those sold out.
Cross-tilted vessel of the supreme unmanifest
When I got home, I couldn't pass up the positive vibes I took in from the crowd today combined with the beautiful weather we have in PA today! I ran 5.26 miles in 44-ish minutes, which was an average of 8:30 per mile. I've done faster, but I'll take it! Especially because I haven't been running as consistently as I should. I've got the hat trick in October, and the time to start training is now!
Over the course of 2012, VERSeOttawa, with help from Capital Slam and Voices of Venus, will be hosting a series of women’s slams – three Qualifying Rounds that will culminate in the Women’s Slam Championship.
Well, I have decided that we are not painting the cupboards….at least not this year, they are really in great shape as far as the fronts and it looks kind of nice in the room, a friend came over and painted all of the corbels and touched up the walls, so now I need to order the top and just load everything up! So on to more fun stuff!
Please find below a diagram of the different nail shapes, and details on how to achieve each one, its pros and cons:
I have a small amount of shirts left and I want to sell them! Every penny you pay for the shirts go toward helping us bring our daughter Harper home!
Infertility helped to make me the parent I am today and in a warped kind of way I am so eternally grateful for that.
Smile at us, pay us, pass us; but do not quite forget;
Overlayed credit here for the writer, Tom Schulman. A glance at his IMDB bio gives a snapshot of late-1980s Hollywood: this, What About Bob? and Honey, I Shrunk the Kids. There does seem to be a weird affinity in these three movies: all of them have an essential sentimentality largely absent from today’s Hollywood (save in Pixar films, which have a knack for tugging heartstrings without seeming maudlin).
However, a doctor should be consulted if the laryngitis occurs for no apparent reason or if hoarseness lasts for more than two weeks. A doctor may diagnose another condition such as an underactive thyroid. Symptoms of underactive thyroid include tiredness, constipation, aches, and dry skin.
I have another study about the prophet Elijah that I am anxious to work through, but I think I need to be done with the school year before I tackle it. In the meantime, here a few great verses from the 4th chapter of 1 Timothy:
The only problem: the ice cream was mush.
A present fraught with danger
OMA – Rem Koolhaus – volumetrics triumphs over urbanism, ‘The city can no longer be made…we only have architecture’ Below OMA scheme for Dubai, or in Mike Davis’s words ‘Walt Disney meets Albert Speer…on the Coast of Arabay’
I'm under-appreciated.
Your assignment is to watch at least one of the videos below and write a thoughtful, detailed response. Underneath each video are questions and links to start any further research. The questions are there to give you some direction and food for thought. Your essay comment should not simply be short answers to the questions I posted. Your response should be at least 200 words.
SB: Okay. That was a question I had from quite a while back. You’ve used two terms that—three terms, actually—that perhaps we could get clarification on: A hybrid—I don’t know if our listeners would know what a hybrid is; and a former angel—you used, I think, with Graham once, and we wondered, are you saying that many humans are former angels?
It doesn’t take a genius to realize that with so many foreigners flocking to study, work and live in Singapore, one needs to increase the number of public amenities and upgrade the infrastructure to accommodate them such as public housing.
3. Trusts which are irrevocable and whose only beneficiary is a qualifying charitable organisation.
Cholesterol: 54mg
Mr Miller might think that, if newco gets to inherit oldco’s position, then newco can start next season in the SPL, no questions asked, and indeed, in those circumstances none of the SPL penalties to be discussed tomorrow would apply!
Each time you beat me and you laugh after a while …
Teagan shared some stuff in her prayers about friends at school. Zach shared his pride in having been kind in a special way to his sister.
How I never do,
I have never had to board a plane from the ground=surreal
In my first election for Tanjong Pagar, our home in Oxley Road became the HQ to assign cars provided by my supporters to ferry voters to the polling booth.
There’s one thing I am curious about – what does she do with the baby when he’s a toddler?
When you get down to it, really, what ARE boy and girl colors? As colors have no intrinsic gender and are universally lacking in sex organs, it's a made-up definer (that is fluid: boys wore pink until the mid-20th century - the color change was so confusing that "Time" magazine published a chart showing which stores were advocating which color assignment). Until relatively recently, boys and girls wore the same thing for much of their lives:
Its time for some CANDY!!!
Your insistent little body
All my recipes will be coming out of it and there are some good ones in there too. So here's what's cooking this week.
I’ve been fascinated by the idea of moebius knitting ever since a friend of mine sent me a video by Cat Bordhi which illustrates the cast-on method that makes it work. I’ve sat on the idea for over a year now, and last night, as I looked through my stash, I decided it was time to get started. So far, so good… I’ll post progress pictures soon.
About the Company: GreenLeaf with their expertise in fragrance, color, wax, product formulations and packaging differentiates them from other lines in this industry. They strive to coordinate all of these attributes to yield a superior quality fragrance. The fragrances they offer vary from the simple warmth of Cinnamon to more complex fine fragrances like Bamboo & Blossoms, Blushing Tulips, or Classic Linen. To guarantee consistency across the product lines (candles, potpourri or aerosol, etc), each and every fragrance is specifically formulated to provide the strong and "true to the end" fragrance that their customers have come to associate with Greenleaf.They have been in business for more then thirty years and has given customers thousands of things to be grateful for.
I don't pretend anymore.
CAFOD’s Southwark manager, Jim Simmons said: “Lent is a time when we stop and reflect on our lives. It’s amazing that children are putting so much time and energy into thinking about others and helping to change lives. By giving it up for CAFOD these children are making a difference. The money that flows from these events will help transform the lives of people living in poverty, and with the Government matching every donation, the difference we can make together is so much greater. ”
Bake for 15 to 20 minutes
♥ iCarly
snow cones
There are loads of Ohio towns that are named after famous persons of their time. Certainly some towns were named after the proprietor of the general store or tavern that lay along a popular trail where a town eventually grew. No doubt, too, there were those vain individuals who named a town after themselves. I would start an Ohio town and name it after myself, but Coolville is already taken.
english summary:
Hello Bloggie-peeps!
3rd layer: Yellow squash, seasoned as above and add the thyme, then cheese.
I would like to offer baking classes on a regular basis, so if you are interested please let me know. Minimum of four participants per class. I also am happy to arrange kid-friendly baking classes for after school.
Studio:
Maybe if I had been more vocal I would have known about these folks or they would have spoken up more often. I have been keeping this all to myself. Out of embarrassment, out of shame.
The Viking's close relative: Congratulations! At least she'll be spared from a lot of the misery of the world we others have to go through, since she'll have Down.
Your RM7,000 to RM8,000 annual tuition fees are just about a third of private college tuition fees here, a fifth of those in Australia’s public universities, one-sixth of America’s, and one-eighth of Britain’s.
This is how I want my son to feel!
All these words I don’t just say
8. Work should be fun, not mere toil.
For the record, I haven’t taken my drivers test yet cause … well drivng scares me. I’ve seen the way some people drive and the last thing I want is to be in a car crash. I have my learners, so I can drive with a supervising driver, but… I still hate it. At least in the city you can walk to places, or take the bus.
With that quotation as guidance, I look for possibilities in poetry that aren’t static like pinned butterflies in a Victorian lepidopterist’s cabinet tray. Poems should point towards something that the reader equally works towards gleaning, as well as demonstrating the sureness of craft. Two poetry pamphlets received recently, I think, demonstrate two poets approaching that point in their careers: Relinquish, by Meryl Pugh and Prussia Cove, by Patrick Williamson.
Today, as all good comic book movie nerds know, is the day that Iron Man 2 comes out in theatres. Yes, this is exciting, and yes, we love us some Robert Downey Jr. (Hey-yo!) But the comic book movie I'm really waiting for this summer has to be Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.
If you find yourself with some extra chocolate, you can also buy a Spring Circlet (which is a helm that looks like bunny ears, really nice for rp) for 50 chocolate, and mages may want to invest in the Tome of Polymorph: Rabbit for 100 chocolate. The circlet can drop from eggs as well, but the tome will not.
could watch a movie or a TV show with a medical setting. Now I can’t even watch
For a while it seemed that the Sydney quartet were to be condemned to a similar fate bestowed upon many of their fellow harbourside-dwelling brethren like The Lost Valentinos, Ghostwood and Van She, all of who were flailing in a sea of exaggerated hype.
As of last week I have lost 15 pounds. I bought myself a fancy makeup bag as a reward.
Here is a good example of image management. Contrast for a moment Tony Bourdain with Rachael Ray on the topic of smoking. Bourdain wanted to let you know that he smoked and didn't care if you didn't like it. Smoking on camera made him that much cooler. It was a reminder that he didn't care about public opinion. Ray kept her smoking habit under wraps for years because it would ruin her image as the clean-cut girl next door.. Although now claiming to have quit, she denied ever doing it until that photo of her holding a cigarette in front of the Louvre (and a mention or two on Gawker) kind of outed her as a smoker. Bourdain has let us know that he didn't want to quit. He did it for his child and if it weren't for that baby, he'd be doing it till it killed him. Cigarettes, or lack thereof, were a huge part of image and image management for both of them.
So I said
10. Virginia Cavaliers
We went to the state fair.
of both 'Hail Caesar' and 'Hail Hitler.' We moved on,
The Pinks had standardized testing last week. Their teachers strongly suggest that the kids get a good night's sleep and eat a healthy breakfast.
We are still here in the hospital because it was too late in the day to get all of the supplies we need to go home with (oxygen tanks, etc.) – Not necessarily for health reasons. I’ll take that, as it could be worse!
Some of the Opposition members even suspect Najib of trying to use cash to gain some favors with the French authorities, especially the DCN officials so as not to implicate him and his associates such as Razak Baginda.
You are worth making that change. I am starting to see those really unnatural foods as poison… I mean seriously, when you are eating things you can’t even pronounce that were made in a lab… how can that really be tasty? Why would you do that to yourself? Why are you not worth natural foods? I know people think it “tastes” better but it is all just part of companies wanting to make more money. They want you to keep coming back so they add things that trick your body to crave it. I do not want companies messing with my mind that! No thank you. After not eating that kind of junk food for months, I do not miss it. If I do eat some of it, I don’t feel well afterwards. It is just not worth it. I am loving making my own food and not relying so much on prepackaged stuff. I have no idea how the notion got into people’s heads that healthy eating meant eating grass all the time. NO WAY. I still eat burgers, spaghetti, chicken, turkey, pork, desserts, bread… I just don’t rely heavily on a lot of additives. I do not rely on butter and salt to make my food taste better. I rely on natural flavors of garlic, onion, basil, rosemary, cilantro, pepper… And honestly, I think it tastes better.
Although I don’t have previous numbers at my immediate convenience to give you a comparison, let me assure you that these numbers are OUTSTANDING compared to what they have been for years/decades! I cannot remember the last time my total cholesterol was under 200 mg/dL. I have a couple of focus areas, particularly the HDL (good) cholesterol… but I’m working on that through exercise, and will look forward to my next visit with my physician in July!
M.S: Every day the news is full of horrendous events. It's hard to choose one. I think the torture and other human rights violations being committed by U.S. soldiers in Iraq are sad and shaming in the extreme.
Cognac, also French, had been mugged and sexually abused in Salta capital city. Sixteen days later, American student Small Lauren Frances was raped in her motel and just a few hours after that 23 year old Japanese tourist Ushiki Risako was raped in Cafayate by a local tourist guide.
Mommy: If I see a big yellow dog I will point it out to you.
SANTORUM: I don’t know where…
fall into
A second and in many ways more serious problem of City wide significance was Manhattan Plaza, which was constructed with a $95 million Mitchell Lama loan as a luxury high rise. As the McManus Club had predicted, it was clear by the mid-1970’s that there was no way that tenants would pay luxury rents to live between 9th and 10th Avenue on 42nd Street given the neighborhood at the time. Thus, the developer of Manhattan Plaza, Richard Ravich, was facing bankruptcy as was the builder of the Sheffield, H.R. Shapiro. Thus these two buildings of more than 40 Stories stood as half finished hulks, where junkies and others could hide, hanging over the neighborhood, as a monument to the defeated dreams of an earlier period and the City’s spiral toward bankruptcy. In the case of Manhattan Plaza the situation was particularly serious because the City taxpayers had through the the Mitchell Lama program guaranteed the loan, and such a loss of almost at the time that the City was unable to pay its notes generally in the unprecedented fiscal crisis could have been another nail in its fiscal coffin. The idea was floated (presumably by Ravitch) that perhaps the building could be tenanted by low-income tenants with subsidies under Section 8 of the Federal housing Act. While this might have taken the City off the hook, most of the recipients of Section 8 subsidies elsewhere in the City and the country were low income minorities, and there was a fear that the concentration of the standard Section 8 population in one area would lock Hell’s Kitchen into being a slum for the next 100 years, let alone the resentment through out New York and the rest of the country of soaking up most of the City’s Section 8 subsidies in one luxury building. The McManus Club thus bitterly opposed this solution.
The bed purge and black widow incident happened in October and now we are in March. For the past month I have been watching onions sprout in great profusion through out the bed, poking their green spires through the mulch. “Oh! Cursed onions!” I would glare at them every time I came up the hill from walking the dogs to the creek. Now these weren’t the hardy mature onion leaves I confronted in the fall, they were filaments at best, but onions nonetheless and I will show no mercy! A few days ago, after a damp patch we’d had that was pretending to be winter I got out there with my shovel and started the process all over again, dig and pull from underneath. I loaded up two containers! To my great joy these were single immature bulblets (that I’m sure if left to flourish would put me back at square one) that pulled out with such ease, I am rethinking my attitude about them. Why curse something that has provided me with so many afternoons of satisfaction? Why fight to eliminate something that is sure to be reborn on the winds of late summer? Maybe I’ll make the horsetail fern, or euphorbia or daylillies my new nemesis instead.
This is my favourite. It’s a Tuscan soup that requires only five basic ingredients;
This was the other card I made while Jennifer was visiting. I tell ya, I felt so inadequate when she was finishing her third card, and I was just barely getting started on my second! Sometimes (most of the time) it takes me a while to figure it all out. :-D This was the sketch Jennifer and I used for this week's challenge:
So, we'll dance the Zigzag polka, we'll dance it while we may.
Under this agreement, Pixmania, one of Europe’s leading pure play multi-specialist etailers, will deliver a multichannel website in a number of European countries for Carrefour’s non-food offer, utlilising its market-leading ‘E-merchant’ platform.
3-13. That was the record after 16 games and it seemed like this was going to be another bust of a season. However, during that stretch, it was clear that they were playing a better brand of basketball but it was not translating into wins. Since that start and since it started translating into wins, the Sixers have gone 24-16.
Jessica Biel stars as Larita Whittaker, an exotic and other-worldly American cougar (oops, creature) who has won over the affections of John (Ben Barnes) in an egocentric love which seems destined to spell all kinds of trouble for his unashamedly English family who are tightly controlled by their matriarch (Kristin Scott Thomas).
---Seven nights at Algodon Mansion, including five private lessons at Tango Escuela Carlos Copello, three group classes and a Rojo Tango show, starts from £3,200pp, including return flights with British Airways.Wow. That's a lot of money. The total fees at market rates in London for the same amount of teaching would be about £230-£300. For that you could get much higher quality, if you were lucky or did a bit of research first.
Speaking of no appreciation, Brent made it through the night on Monday (when he slept in underwear), his bed, however, did not. Tuesday, he went through 3 pairs of underwear in an hour and a half and I told him I was done. Today, a friend suggested keeping him in the underwear and continuously cleaning it up. By putting him back in pull-ups, I am just reinforcing the fact that I will let him do just that. Huh. That makes sense. Maybe I'll start that next week...
The tastings that followed were a blur of blissful, extended ecstasy. I struggled with how best to represent them, chronologically or by favorites - and decided to on the latter.
The Allen A.M.E. Neighborhood Preservation and Development Corp. expects to break ground on the 66-unit Allen by the Bay this fall. The five-story project, which includes an arts-and-crafts room and a library, is slated to open 12 to 14 months after construction begins, corporation officials said.
this fence can do no mending:
In struggling through the ethical complexities of these questions, we often face a stalemate between just war and pacifist positions. While debates between these perspectives are of course significant, they are insufficient. When we become too entangled in arguments over the use of force in the pursuit of peace, our attention is diverted away from a much more crucial question…
And for a little added "bling" (because you know you can never have too much "bling") - Laura and Ashley will be showing off some of their beautifully stylish Premier Jewelry - stop by and say hi - and try some on!
“Hush, you.”
“Jas! Jasmine!” She’s scared. Something’s wrong and one extreme push opens the door far enough for Simone to squeeze through the gap. Immediately the colour drains from her face. Ron’s body, frozen with ghoulish fear, is blocking the door. She muffles a scream with her own hand and scans the room for her daughter. The terror of the prospect of her daughter suffering a similar fate overrides the
So in this strange world outside the republic of internet and in the strange district of the blogosphere known as ‘homeopath avenue’ there are strong criticisms being pushed towards people who are skeptical of these ideas.
After a trip to the library and the grocery store we came home to get ready for lunch. I’m toiling away in the kitchen and I see him going back in forth to the kitchen table, the closet, the garage. Pace, pace, pace. He’s quiet and happy and I’m busy with lunch so I’m not too concerned with what’s happening. The next thing I know he shouts, “Hey mommy, look. I made the scale!”
I love this stuff. I love good singing, love instant unbiased feedback on how well competitors are doing, and love the original singers of songs going up against karaoke fanatics.
According to Kotaku the new GPU is able to display games at full 1080p with 3d support and displays games at a resolution of 4096×2160. They also report that the new console will have anti-used game technology which basically hard codes the disc to your system/account and a used game needs a purchase to be able to be accessed fully, kind of like online pass 2.0. IT is also rumored to be loosing…or not having in the first place backwards compatibility for PS3 games (incoming rant)
California's white population has declined since 2000 at an unprecedented rate, hastening the day when Hispanics will be the state's largest population group, according to newly released state figures.
Crunchy Granola French Toast
More information on the accident was available in the Newsroom, though you couldn’t help but question the sincerity when CEO Don Blankenship’s mournful regrets were followed with the standard news release boilerplate: “Massey Energy is the largest coal producer in Central Appalachia and is included in the S&P 500 Index.” Another news release from a week earlier reflected happier times at Massey, when stock from a previously announced registered public offering was priced at $49.75 per share, with the underwriters granted an option to purchase up to 1,275,000 shares on the same terms and conditions to cover over-allotments, if any. Those were the days.
Mommy, I'll do anything
(3) control of the salary that a developer is paid
Add that to the battery-intensive apps Android phones run (including some in the background that the user doesn’t necessarily know are there), a charge every day (or less) isn’t unheard of.
In 1812, the US grew tired of the British Navy’s habit of impounding its merchant ships and impressing US crews into British service. Since Great Britain was busy fighting Napoleon and his allies, the US thought it could mount operations against Great Britain’s Canadian colonies, and that Great Britain would quickly relent.
This “organic” continuity can be experienced not only visually, but also with our own body and touch while these forms, guide and funnel the visitor within the space. People will eventually lean against the cashier bench, over the display table and step on the iron floor.
As a matter of fact, the only one who really brings any sense of "over-the-top" acting to this piece is the secondary villain - Bob 'Bull' Hurley, played by Rick Zumwalt, who was himself a professional arm wrestler...
We’re having people abandoning that cabal like rats jumping off a sinking ship.
Teams and coaches who understand the importance of leadership work with their players to develop these valuable skills throughout the season. Coaches may schedule individual meetings with their team leaders to discuss responsibilities, expectations, and goals for the season. While there are some innate, underlying qualities and personality characteristics that exemplify leadership, effective leadership skills are, for the most part, learned and sport is an ideal venue for children and adolescents to develop these lifelong skills. A valuable reference for teams and coaches is The Team Captain’s Leadership Manual by Jeff Janssen. This book acts as a guide to developing team leaders whom coaches respect and teammates trust.
(Colin blowing out his candles on his 17th B-day)
What's interesting is how diverse the review communities are between Apple and Amazon.
I'm not patient with them or their thorns (giggle)
Every choice counts, every choice either brings its rewards or its punishments. As the core of the Multicultural society is promoting the interests of minorities over the interests of the majority of society, this means Liberal-Multiculturalists will choose weakness and the strong will be dragged down to the level of the weak. Such suicidal behaviour can be summed up thus: Given a choice between success and failure they will choose failure and therefore, in a fight for survival or extinction, extinction is chosen.
161. Veggie Wrap & Mulligatawny Soup in a wrap @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 12:52 p.m.
Drugged up and minus a wallet, the first thing you need to know about Haunting Violet is that the interactions between the characters are absolutely fantastic. Snarky, smart-ass comments reigned supreme among the lively, bouncy banter between the lively, bouncy-characters. Every conversation, every squabble, every time the characters interacted, whether they were fighting or kissing, haunting or just talking, it always felt fresh and realistic, romantic, funny … anything that it needed to be, it was. I’ve noticed that fabulous dialogue (and by fabulous I mean the ‘men in sparkly tights making self-depreciating jokes about their sparkly tights’ variety. Simply because that is the best type of fabulous there is, not that there are any men in glittering tights in this novel. Unfortunately.) seems to be a recurring feature in Alyxandra Harvey’s novels - seriously, even if she were to write a book about the mating habits of the aubergine, I would inevitably fall in love with it because the interaction between the characters because despite the subject matters, they would still manage to have a witty conversation commenting on some important issue.
Writers who write Literature may use their life as a vehicle for their voice as they usually have a fairly interesting varied lives or they are crazy enough to imagine wide reaching and complex plots.
Most days I think I did at least ten
If you have word verification on would you please do our Design Team a favour and turn it off, it makes it so time consuming to comment and we seriously don't have the time to linger over Word Verification.
How can they even want to go outside?
key, and said,This is
Notice the tea napkins, and the cupid napkin rings I made too.
"People are afraid to speak out because of political correctness," he said. "Some residents have intimated to me privately that it would change the character of the area. In light of the Exeter bombing, which happened only a week or so before it was announced, it was unfortunate timing. There has been unease among certain quarters."
A lot. There’s always something that can be removed or improved, and there are always mistakes. Always.
You claim must come before me
Oh how I loved this weekend. We all did. I was stressed (surprise?) about everyone staying healthy and then my own children had runny noses. Luckily, everyone stayed pretty healthy. We spent most of the time outside so I felt better about that. The joy on Taleah and Slade's faces was priceless. I guess I didn't realize how much Slade misses out on too. They were both in heaven. They loved every minute. Never wanted to leave. True Happiness.
Whether or not people knew it, the belt had always been there, dutifully doing what it was meant to do. Its presence had been obscured by the physical side effect of my undesirable attraction.
Over the years, we’ve had some incredible people sing the song. Anderson Davis premiered it for us. Christopher Sieber sings it on our album. And Spelling Bee‘s Jose Llana sang it at our recent Birdland concert. (Video coming soon!)
entre el manso rumor con que muere una ola
There are heck of a lot more than a handful of dozen people,
It completely boggles my mind that the ANC government seems powerless to stop these senseless killings, -- but on second thoughts, - no, let me rephrase that... On watchful consideration and meditation over countless pages of documents, over a period of more than 3 years, I’ve come to the conclusion that their hopelessness may be directly linked to the fact that their minds are still bogged down under the same ancient evil spell (Cain’s Way) that is still influencing the minds of most criminals in this country today.
“If something pops off sergeant, just hit the ground – I’ll saw the room in half,” said Cujo 3 Gunner Spc. Eric Saunders.
Why have these maintenance people vacuuming while I’m on this important call?
Natzweiler-Struthof was the only Nazi concentration camp on present-day French soil. Though it didn’t function as an extermination camp on a large scale, it did have a gas chamber. On 30 July 1943, 87 Jews were sent from Auschwitz to Natzweiler-Struthof at the request of Professor Doctor August Hirt, chairman of the Anatomy Institute at Reich University in Strasbourg. The good doctor wanted to procure some skeletons of recently deceased Jews for the purposes of research. In mid-August, 86 of these individuals – 56 men and 30 women – were gassed in a former dance hall in the camp complex (one of the 87 Jews taken from Auschwitz was shot while trying to escape). Their bodies were then sent to the Anatomy Institute, where they were eventually found by American soldiers.
Mom: “So Linette, are you doing anything for Valentine’s Day?”
Why is it that my side of the bed is always better than yours, and I only get 2 square feet of my queen size bed..
If you're a local save the date - a Trendy Third block party will be held on Saturday, November 13 from 7-10pm (at 23rd and Shartel). There will be cupcakes, live music, shopping and holiday cheer. I'll be there so if you read this you've already got a friend going too. Make sure you say hi!
*It should be noted that “The Departed” contains very strong language, the usage of drugs, sexual themes and brutal violence. This movie is not suitable for children. *
i vote for finger painting every week.
Forster and Rostami wondered if the officer who answered their call treated all crime victims the same way. When Rostami, who admits she was hysterical, tried to describe what had happened, she says the officer told her to shut up and get in the car. Both said the officer did not record any names of witnesses who stopped to help. Rostami said the officer told them the attackers were "probably juveniles anyway. What are we going to do? Find their parents and tell them?"
Maybe the $ 42, 000 diamond bracelet gave her away!
"The Warrior" by Patty Smyth
All I can say is that these babies are dangerous.
Me: "What did she tell you?"
Support Starbucks Day was a great gesture of support for a strong, ethical company. Starbucks promotes diversity and responsibility as key components of their corporate culture. Even if you missed stopping by last Saturday, stop by today and say “thanks a latte!”
I purchase alle materials such as the flowers, paper, lace and the Tim Holtz stuff
E-zine copyright Christian Miles, 2009
The event is to be held at West Well Farm Barton Road Tingewick Buckinghamshire MK18 4BD
Marty: "But my parents are supposed to kiss at the dance and fall in love! They're simple, impressionable folk and love just isn't going to happen without the kind of song Sha-Na-Na would later cover!"
Why was Paul given the human task of penning one-half of the New Testament? There are 27 books and Paul wrote 13 of them. If the focus of the so-called New Testament is the offer of the Kingdom, why didn’t Paul mention it or stress it, if it were so important?
So I’ve been turning some corners in my mind.
At this time in my life, when it comes to music, I do what I feel and cherish every moment. I also have a wardrobe full of unfinished and new ideas waiting for me to make happen and I’m determined to see them through one by one.
a. Flesh – soul (intellect, emotions and will)
After a long absence – due to world travel – I am back. I have just spent two wonderful months travelling around North and Central India conducting field research and have visited more breathtaking places than ever before in such a short space of time. There are so many wonders in India that I had to remind myself on more than one occasion not to become complacent.
I've bought a catholic school uniform, and I now wear that everyday. I am making a statement about society, how I'm confined by consumerism, and corporations. How I feel when people look down on me because in society's eyes I am a loser. I am an outcast. Not even the majority of people who read my blog like me, much less find me interesting.
1/2 ts. of ground nutmeg
As you may have seen, I've assigned numbers to each of the Groups in my List of Campaigners. Find your name and double-check which Group(s) you're in, because I have moved some people around to make the Group sizes more even. I have to make a few more tweaks to the Groups over the weekend and add those people who were late putting their name down on a list (so make sure you check back next week), but basically these are the Groups you'll be in for the rest of the Campaign.
Make crumb topping by blending with a fork the butter into the sugar and spices and slowing mixing into the wafer crumbs. Stir in the granola and walnuts. I find it easily, and faster, to mix this with my hands incorporating all together uniformly. Put aside.
According to the Catholic Encyclopedia, Grace went to Mass every morning before heading to City Hall. Grace's latter days were devoted to philanthopical gestures, including the Grace Institute, which educated immigrant women, in 1897. He died in 1904.
And remember that life’s A Great Balancing Act.
Supported by The Smith Street Band.
Chuck Willis, singer-songwriter, died at the age of 30 from a perforated ulcer. He had a hit with C.C. Rider in 1957, the song that was the inspiration for the “stroll” dance craze. His current hit at the time of his death was “What Am I Living For” which will become his biggest hit.
— Your baby weighs 5 ounces now (about as much as a turnip), and she's around 5 inches long from head to bottom.
A Palestinian state, then, could create an untenable choice for Israel: learn to live with terror as a daily reality, or defend yourself and become a pariah.
The Hello-project, initiated by Stockholm Furniture Fair, will run for three years (2011-13) and explore different elements relating to the modern office and our work culture from a design perspective.
An important note: small arms bullets are almost never made of steel; though they may have some steel in them. The term "full metal jacket" (abbreviated as FMJ) is common, and correct; but usually refers to a copper, cupronickel alloy, or brass jacket, not steel. Many people believe that it means the bullets are made of steel, or jacketed with steel, but that is not generally true (though as I said, it sometimes is; notably a lot of eastern European ammo is either steel or steel alloy jacketed, as copper is considerably more expensive, and historically was more difficult to obtain in communist countries). some ammunition may also have a steel core inside the copper and lead, which increases penetration through hard surfaces.
And sufficient is this excellence-(for a Mujahid which he will receive) honour and high degrees of grade- along with other things which Allah (swt) has made clear in the Qur’an: about the description of the reward of Mujahidin,their magnificent state, moving of feelings and sentiments, the demanding of sacrifice in the cause of inviting others to Islam, to put strength and courage in the souls and to urge them to go forward and be stable and firm, and Allah (swt) will grant them victory and support them with the angels, as it is evident from the Statement of Allah:
Some charts are more widely used than others; however, many iridologists believe that there is more than one correct map and that each practitioner should become familiar with several charts.
Awhile back I blogged about our friend Corinne, who was adopting a baby from Addis Ababa in Ethiopia and needed some extra help so she could take an extended leave away from her business and go and stay with her boy while she waited out the red tape of adopting-- mainly she wanted to make sure her son was seeing the light of day. After her first trip to the orphanage to meet him, she couldn't stand the thought of not being there every day to keep him safe and completely focused on. He had spent most of his young life on his back in a crib with a bottle, inside that orphanage.
Ollis argued that it would cost only R4-million a year to administer a "small fuel levy" increase instead of the "expensive tolls".
If this is true, the number of total spots being missed as a result of ad-skipping is ridiculously small. Here's the calculation:
That’s where my graph comes in. If the economy and the stock market grew at the same rate, one would see a relatively mild fluctuation in the comparison between the 10-year average returns in the market and in nominal GDP. Now, look at this chart.
The band return once more to give us a few more treats from the 70's... Propaganda, At Home At Work At Play, B.C. and finally This Town Ain't Big Enough For Both Of Us.
Then retch, and groan, and weep, and moan. As love and lies are: acid, stone.
The fun really started when Daddy decided to get him used to a weight on his back. At first this was a blanket. The donkey would buck, bite and try to tear it off against the hedges. He'd leap and he'd run, he'd twist and he'd shake himself. This was such good sport that Daddy went looking for a better weight - isn't that what John Wayne would have done? There'd have been no pussy footing or taking it easy. So a second weight was sought - me. I would be caught and foisted over the donkey's back, I'd wanted a donkey, hadn't I? My arms and legs would hang like redundant stirrups against each of his flanks. And then there would be a scene that would make a bucking bronco appear tame. His rump would be slapped and off we'd go, he'd try to knock me against the hedgerows, decapitate me on the lower branches of the apple trees, rear his legs to see if that would shake me off. I'm sure the sound of my squealing did nothing to calm him down.
AFPO 13
“Upon the different forms of property, upon the social conditions of existence, rises an entire superstructure of distinct and peculiarly formed sentiments, illusions, modes of thought, and views of life. The entire class creates and forms them out of its material foundations and out of the corresponding social relations. The single individual, who derives them through tradition and upbringing, may imagine that they form the real motives and the starting point of his activity. While each faction, Orleanists and Legitimists, sought to make itself and the other believe that it was loyalty to the two royal houses which separated them, facts later proved that it was rather their divided interests which forbade the uniting of the two royal houses. And as in private life one differentiates between what a man thinks and says of himself and what he really is and does, so in historical struggles one must distinguish still more the phrases and fancies of parties from their real organism and their real interests, their conception of themselves from their reality.”
Neutrogena Oil-Free Eye Makeup Remover
CTC do have weaknesses, and being unfocused is certainly one of them. It's also strange that for all its emotional-sounding contortions, this records still feels so hollow. 'See This Through...' is more for the head than the heart (though exactly whose head is hard to say). The only thing heartening is that such a complex and unconventional sound can be making populist impact - not only puncturing the charts, but landing CTC with a video spot virtually every five minutes on MTV2 for 'Been Training Dogs'. Their appeal may be difficult to define, but they've definitely got it
I wanted to give an indication as to why this might have been determined, and what options remained open to him.
I'm saying a prayer for them
One of the people I read about was a woman named Gladys Aylward. She was a poor woman from London who wanted to go to China in the 1930's to be a missionary. but she had no skills, no education and she didn't speak the language, so no formal organization would allow her to go.
HATONN: PRINCESS DIANA’S MURDER
I’m just going to say up front that these are my own opinions based on my personal experiences and those of some of my friends (I will indicate which is which) as well as what I’ve gleaned from interviews with them, specifically on The Marathon Show. Your experiences and opinions may vary, and that’s fine. This is my blog, and I’m stating my opinion.
Add OJ concentrate, and vanilla
in the microwave on medium low to medium heat, melt the chocolate chips in a microwaveable bowl. be careful to do it in 30 second intervals. mix with a spatula until all is melted. make sure absolutely no water comes in contact with the chocolate or it will seize and you can say goodbye to it. mix in the oil and stir well.
As I sat there on a toilet (A TOILET!), he knelt down in front of me, and cupped my face "Yes. Yes, this is what I imagined when I was dating you. I want to share life with you - all of it. Even these messy parts. This isn't too much for me. I am here for you in this Jennifer."
Panjak attempted suicide but was saved by his father. He attended Khalsa college with the intention of becoming a teacher, but his father formally disowned him.
At this point, the judge takes a recess.
There was a frown on his face as he opened the refrigerator door a little faster than he should have. The condiments inside the door rattled. He blamed himself. It had seemed like the sensible choice to live as naturally as possible. They had embraced it both of them. It had made so much goddamn sense to avoid the additives and preservatives, the pesticides, to guard against pollutants and chemicals, to live naturally, to do things Right. They had thought they were doing everything right. Donna had breastfed, she had used the filter masks since day one of the pregnancy and they had even gone organic and gotten rid of every unnatural item. They had fallen hook line and sinker for the whole damn Biotics philosophy.
The SFAS went away because Goodby was sweeping the show every year. It finally pissed "competing" agencies off so badly they didn't bother entering work in the show anymore.
Mia n Frida…love it…BUT as always there are certain circumstance…anyway, I just write the things that doesn’t write above…
So, two years had passed, and he and I had only said a few words to each other, and exchanged a hug or two at mutual friend's summer bonfires. It was difficult, and still is, seeing him around town. But, simply put, I'm much more at ease now than I was before regarding this.
Frankly, a few years ago I probably would have read the story with mild disgust. I would have thought that the whole affair dumbs down Christianity to make it overly “seeker sensitive.” Now, I think differently, and here’s why. The point of it all isn’t evangelism, exactly, at least not in the sense of conveying the gospel message. There’s bigger picture stuff going on. As the producer of the ad explained, “Nobody’s going to fall on their knees and accept Jesus as a result of this spot. But advertisers on Madison Avenue spend millions on a Super Bowl spot because they know it influences people.” Yes, it’s about influence. One of the failings of the Church has been its retreat from various spheres of influence, including the media. The result? Secular values fill the void. And the American church wonders why the community around it is going to pot.
Whenever it happens, it will cost everyone in the EU dearly.
At this stage of the journey the leadership seems to have fallen upon the apostle Paul. From our vantage point this was a good thing. But Paul, by his own experiences over three apostolic journeys, he knew of the hardships they would yet encounter. Few of us have encountered such hardships. This is true because few of us have served the Lord like Paul. This shipwreck was nothing but another attempt of the devil to be rid of the apostle and Paul was not ignorant of his devices.
Just after my first birthday, I was out in the garden when a good friend from the end of our street came to visit. He was chatting with one of my bipeds and he said that he’d like to see what I’d been learning at my training classes. I liked the sound of this – demonstrating my skills usually brought treats my way.
It's easy as the lights go on and I end up talking through my arse.
Im also off to see JLS tonight with my Sister as she loves them so much
But unlike Francis and John who told me their worries, Harriet told me her hopes. Hopes that some days Uganda would realize its potential. Hopes that Uganda would follow in Rwanda’s footsteps and eliminate corruption. Hopes that the future for Uganda is bright, if the right steps are taken along the way.
“Really? What’s it called?”
Now, she’s announced on Whosay that the TNT medical drama has been canceled after three seasons.
This seems to be a pretty out-of-the-way place. Probably not too many people come by and look at this façade – but someone went to a lot of effort to make it beautiful. Here’s the ceiling inside the passageway that leads from the courtyard to the next street.
The game will begin 7.10pm on NESN. In other news, Tazawa was sent down to bring up Jose Iglesias because of Youkilis’ absence from the roster.
ND - I think our focus Jim has to be on coming up with the right way forward in this situation and with solutions to the problems.
My Pink Pirouette scallops were created using the retiring Eyelet Ribbon Border punch. I just let a little bit of it peek from the side of the Sahara Sand strip.
One consequence of my recent essays is that I’ve been criticized for suggesting that people in a minority group (like autistics, 1% of the population) are more likely to achieve success in nypical society if they make certain changes to fit in.
de que se estaba volviendo,
Funny how these two vampire warriors who probably have a multitude of weapons strapped to their bodies at this very moment can be such devoted, loving fathers.
I must admit that I was exposed to chicken livers at a very early age. My dad was an excellent cook, in fact he was a cook in the U.S. Navy in World War II. My dads version of chicken livers was more along the sautéed type, always for breakfast and went well with scrambled eggs. They were rich and creamy. I have incorporated much of his recipe here but have added many refinements to make it suitable for Crostini. His livers we’re left whole and his key was to never over cook them, a bit pink was fine and keeps them from drying out. In later years he would sometimes use Harvey’s Bristol Cream to finish but I think that makes them more sweet and less savory. Chicken livers, flour, onions, garlic, sometimes green peppers, salt, pepper, white wine and butter. Sorry no recipe just memory, and as I have explained before I tend to cook by smell and taste.
John...Richard Felix
In most cases, this seems pretty simple. But in many settings as followers of Christ, we seem to think that we are not as legit as other followers if we don’t have a “rags to riches” testimony, experience, or even the idea that God has to pick us up out of a miry pit in order to be validated as an authentic follower of Christ. All of this is contrary to God’s Word and Will. Sometimes the most powerful testimony that a tried and true follower of Christ can have is that they were wise enough to observe the lives of others and determine what God’s will is from that. My testimony of wise decision making is just as powerful as the person whom God almost had to resurrect.
Do you want to find the best projector to create the best home cinema for your home? There are all different options when it comes to getting the right set up, and in this article, you will discover some great information and advice that can make all the difference, and help you to find the best options to get started right!
The claim, which was backed by evidence from a senior police officer, delivers a significant blow to the Government's defence of the database - which contains more than 5.6million samples.
tomorrow a NEW post without any injuries or assorted tales of woe....unless doing the accounts counts...then i've got a MAGNIFICENT WHINE!!
The pitcher is another piece from my mother.
By July, it will already be the fasting month, which means there won’t be any election campaign. After this, the whole month of August will be taken up by the Hari Raya celebrations.
What the heart of the young man said to the Psalmist
So dear ones, believe in yourselves, believe in those around you and the inner knowing which you have, to weather through the storm and to know that shortly, you will be reuniting once again with those of your brethren that have been lost to you for many lifetimes. All of this that you have gone through, the many lifetimes of struggle and in seeming darkness, all of that will be well worth it and you will be celebrated and those will be celebrating with you as well. My peace and love be with all of you as you continue on in strength and knowing of all that is about to occur. I am Sananda.
I love changing up my look with a new hairstyle every once in awhile. I unfortunately don’t have the face for a Bob and Bang, but I still love the style nonetheless. While I still hold that the I Dream of Jeanie looks good on no one, I’m sure it works for some. Sorry if this is your signature look. I’m sure you and Tony have a wonderful life together. Tell Endora I said hi…oh, wait, wrong hit 60′s sitcom. Good hair styles come and go, and go back again. I just hope the 90′s stay gone, and that wall o’hair 80′s bang don’t make a come back either. While the 90′s are not considered vintage yet…they will be one day. And if you survived the first go ’round of it, you know we don’t want to see those looks EVER again.
Just good old fashioned laughter. It wasn't attached to anything specific. It just was.
1 minimum
Mix the following ingredients in the blender:
flight entertainment system—contains eight compositions clocking at just under an
By no means do I think that contractors or providers should eliminate all choices. Studies have routinely shown that a limited number of choices can help the decision making process. Good, better, best packages are a prime example of how you can offer choices that enable consumers to make educated choices without creating analysis paralysis! It is also important to answer any questions regarding your packages/options. Take the time to go over what makes the different (besides the price!). Consumers want to make smart decisions and nobody wants to feel overwhelmed.
I can’t think of a quicker meal than stir fry, not to mention I get to use my wok! Anything cooked in a wok seems to cook so much faster. This is especially nice after a long day at work, which of course is everyday. Anyway, this meal was a quick throw together with stuff I already had in my fridge. I have to say though it is really tasty. The picture does not do it justice.
and 6 Two-way nail pens
What I loved most about the book – the part where Judy Balan is introduced, some very good humour
Population Efficiently presented in Middle Playground, New You are able to, 1890–91; across place by overdue 40s. Inhabitants currently surpasses 200 thousand.
Leftover Buffet
This is my third month of Beauty Army and without trying to sound like a broken record, I am still disappointed in the selection. I don't know how many times I have heard that they're working on putting up more selection but I just don't see it. I did my survey several times and still got the same 9 selections and it makes it hard to choose things when it's mostly skincare. Although I am getting into skincare (and VERY little I might add), I don't want to have just skincare in all these boxes. I don't have problematic skin in anyway but using all sorts of different things on your face every month is not ok for finicky skin. It's very important to find something your skin will handle and stick with it.
Eat one and give the rest away...very diet-y
the trees of the forest. She lays down
Jake and I looked at each other a long time. He looked over my shoulder towards the door again. The door was locked for now; neither of us could enter without a key.
500g of lean turkey mince (about 1 1/4 pounds ground turkey), at room temperature
Thank you, Mr. Frid, for your role in keeping the vampire genre alive and well.
▼ August (1)
The simplest mix off traditional amount and do not -active cloth fabrics is completely showed together with quality hand bag for a man.
*Today’s work will be laid out as 5 tests. The first 3 should be completed as early as possible. The preference is sometime between 8 and 10am. The final 2 tests may be completed any time later in the day, but—time permitting—should be at least 3 hours after tests 1-3.
The image depicts my beautiful Oskar, who sadly left us last year, and reminds me to be still.
He hit the side of the car which such force the professor sitting in the front seat was sure the driver had hit a pedestrian. Others in the car thought we had been hit by another vehicle. For that split second, only I knew what was happening. The man had slammed hard into the side of the car by my window, reached in, and snatched the phone from my fingers. We stared each other in the eye, and he turned as I lunged after him, swatting at his hands and yelling, “HEY!” at the top of my lungs. While I was unable to snatch the phone back, he was forced to drop it on the asphalt. He swooped it from the road, and in a flash was running into the slums, jumping the barriers.
Ending the book is an interview style chapter on the driver’s time in the car, mainly the driver’s perspective from within the cockpit when driving the car on the limit and the mindset for a qualifying lap. A simplistic telemetry trace of a lap around Silverstone is illustrated, although there is little written to explain the traces (brakes, speed and gear), this is accompanied by Mark Webbers breakdown of a lap around the new Silverstone circuit.
2.Cover Letter (optional, depending on circumstance) A cover letter is a summary you give employers of why you of all people should get the job. Cover letters are where you will stand out, and are often the first thing an employer at when they’re sifting through piles of resumes. How to write a cover letter depends on your job. All in all, a cover letter should give reasons why you feel you’re best suited for the job, with some reasons/examples to back you up. Don’t go repeating your resume. Depending on the nature of your application, say if you’re applying for a job your aunt is hooking up with, or if you apply to a job at a career fair, you may not have the opportunity or need to write a cover letter. The key is to say what your resume cannot. Here’s some resume cover letter tips you can follow to help you.
Robert Huth and Glenn Whelan are also in talks about extending their respective contracts also by four years plus Thomas Sorenson has been offered a new two year deal as his current contract expires next summer.
To me, they are YOUR one special day of the entire year.
12/12/11 1:50 PM
Find inspiration everywhere! Go... Create something fun & fabulous. Enjoy!
That lot is just the start of it. But the combined effect of having Lord Shitfister as a colleague is something almost intangible - it's created a change in the workplace that I struggle to define.
“In the Bible, as a matter of fact, God does so many ungodly things—like not remembering our sins, erasing the quite correct handwriting against us, and becoming sin for us—that the only safe course is to come to Scripture with as few stipulations as possible. God used his own style manual, not ours, in the promulgation of his word. Openness, therefore, is the major requirement for approaching the Scriptures. And nowhere in the Bible is an un-made-up mind more called for than when reading the parables of Jesus.” (5)
there was anything worthwhile left inside (and of course, there was).
For every TD who loses their seat in the election - they are entitled to four financial windfalls.
Mustard - 1tsp
Before the fucking dam breaks
But my blogging has been neglected lately. Maybe three posts a week at most. Sad.
To subside from my head
I draw creative energy from snow skiing, gardening, yoga, swimming, travel, Colorado outdoors, nature, books and other printed materials, art and music.
They spent the rest of their lives after the war shuttling between a home in Paris and an apartment in the Waldorf Towers in New York, becoming part of the International jet set, denied any useful role in life other than idleness, a life of parties and making the Best Dressed List. Scandal continued to plague the Windsors. While in the Bahamas, Sir Harry Oakes, a Canadian gold tycoon and the richest man in the islands was murdered. The Duke was suspected of participating in a cover-up, blocking the investigation at every turn. Ann Woodward shot her husband Billy after a dinner party for the Windsors in the 1950’s. And for five years, the Duke and Duchess formed a bizarre ménage a trois with Jimmy Donahue, a Woolworth heir who was gay. In France, they became good friends with Sir Oswald Moseley, leader of the British fascists, and his wife the former Diana Mitford.
That's right! Leo the Chinese Lion makes his entry into Chrystal's Rescue near the end of the book! My kitty, my heart cat, my sweet snuggly baby boy is FAMOUS! He's in print! He's the handsome hero at the end of the book that gets rescued and gets to live happily ever after with ME!
The Grace headband tidies up stray tufts of hair, keeping them in place with a soft ruffle band. The band stretches comfortably around your daughter’s head and the soft, smooth edges fit snugly and gently.
moves his delicate feet
I can't manage.
Scott Mory, USC Alumni Assn. chief executive who spoke for the school, declined to comment specifically on USC’s past practices, but he pointed to policy posted on the school’s website explaining USC’s stance on posthumous degrees. The policy states that “honorary degrees are conferred only upon individuals who are present at the commencement exercises.”
Kilim rug: At garage sale around the corner for $5. (Plus $30 for a dry-clean).
“I’m sorry, I never meant to hurt you,” said my ex girlfriend thinking it was sufficient enough to earn forgiveness. I’ve forgiven her but not because she said “Sorry,” I forgave her for the simple reason that the line between love and hate is very thin. Because I know Karma is much more cruel and it creeps around when you least expect it. Why am I telling you this? Well, personally for me it’s been some time now, I’m over it to the point where I can openly talk about it and feel nothing. Yet, I listen to similar stories and can relate to the feeling. You can’t expect Karma to act when you want it to, it’s something that happens on it’s own. It occurs when you’re not expecting it, when you probably don’t really care much about the situation anymore. We don’t control Karma, what we do control is our actions. The one’s that determine what the outcome will become, whether it’s positive or negative.
Now this is a dish I really love and strangely enough so does my picky son. This kid never ceases to amaze me. This is an all weather, all season food. We eat it in winter, as well as summer. Especially during summer we accompany it with shots of ouzo. I am sure you all know ouzo, next to souvlaki and mousaka is the most well known Greek spirit. Anyway, as I told you this is a meal made throughout the year. You can eat it warm, but also at room temperature, so that means that you can prepare it ahead of time and serve it without heating it. I Greece we accompany it apart from ouzo with bread, olives, feta cheese and a salty fish like anchovies. I didn’t want to eat anchovies, so I used smoked salmon instead. It was delicious. We ate the whole Pyrex all three of us.
Identification Stocky and short tailed, often seen prancing about grass and vehicle lots. Trip account distinctive: buzzy in continual flight, wings look pie in more relaxing flight. Flying, wings appear clear. Adult: one molt per year, but fresh slip people look very different from summer wildlife. On fresh molted wildlife, dark-colored plumage has white areas all over; by winter weather, areas start to disappear; and by may, the wildlife are shiny dark-colored all over, with strong suffusions of iridescent lilac, vegetables, and ambers. Expenses usually grey in slip and yellow-colored by winter weather, but this personality deviates with diet. Male: with excellent look, please take be aware blue-based bill. Female: with excellent look, please take be aware pink-based bill, paler face. Juvenile: distinctive; black gray-brown feathering all over. Birds begin a complete molt into adultlike plumage soon after fledging, and temporarily display a stunning variety of juvenal and mature down.
Last but not least: Stella McCartney and Céline.
So when I left for the office, I felt pretty low and somewhat despondent.
Oh…and what’s CAC? It’s my newly derived species within the WASP genus. I’m absent a few, by my definition, key attributes necessary for inclusion amongst the purest of pure WASP species. And you can best believe that I’ve been tore up about it since I was old enough to figure out that I wasn’t one. Even though my father’s people to this day have been on the same land in South Carolina for over two hundred years, my stock still doesn’t stand the most rigorous test of WASP pedigree. And on my mother’s side, we even have a signer of the Declaration of Independence. You’ll see his signature just below that show-offy flourish of one Mister John Hamcock. Peer pressure and jealously; consistent with what the Good Book, my mama and my grand-mama and Uncle Wiley and Mr. Dawkins, my Scout Master said, is a seductive and ultimately, toxic force. My WASP envy got so bad at one point during college that I would curl up and in a tight little ball and cry like a baby about it. And my college gal, Roxanne Burgess, in all of her desire
Have a great day!!
Fair eyed daisies sway in meadow's brow
I will do a Sunday Reading on Monday this week again I think.
Carmike Theater in Oakdale! Praise the Lord.
Both took orders from the European oligarchy, bankers and mind controllers. Mohawks constantly resist. To further try to divide us, an“imaginary line” called the border was put between the corporations of “Canada”and “US”.
The boys head out to a yacht reserved by Tae Yong for some sketching. Talk about the benefits of being filthy rich! Grandmother calls but Tae Yong doesn’t want to answer it. Tae Moo informs him that per Grandmother’s orders he need to drag Tae Yong back to Korea no matter what. It’s time for Tae Yong to run the company but Tae Yong doesn’t want to inherit the company and tells him that if it’s about the company then there’s Uncle (Tae Moo’s father) and Tae Moo that they can rely on.
well, at least, it might be like a kids tv show, but you're mum should let you watch it. because it's cute and cuddly.
Another laugh, and Candice turns to approach the next aisle. I fall into step beside her.
CWF have an interest in exaggerating the danger, of course, but if true it’s a terrible shame that a type of beer with such a long history should be on the verge of extinction. If it came from America and cost £6 a third in the Rake, beer geeks would be all over it. I have drunk a few very strong and under-attenuated imperial stouts which reminded me of Mather’s more than anything else.
So excited for today’s interview, which features Susan Hawk of The Bent Agency. This is an interactive interview, so Ms. Hawk will drop in periodically throughout the day to answer your questions in the comments. More information on that below. Check out Ms. Hawk’s responses to the usual questions, and then I’ll meet you at the bottom!
There are lots of good reasons to pay attention to trees and the other plants around you as winter gives way to spring. If you've already learned what a tree's flowers look like, you might then begin to track its bloom time in your own way throughout the years. Last week on Brooklyn Botanic's news blog, arborist Chris Roddick explained a little bit about the complexity of factors that effect the variability of the exact moment of bloom from year to year among species. I enjoyed his post not only because it offered some insight from someone who has spent two decades observing and working with trees, but also because it speaks to the power of observation. And paying attention is something that anyone with any level of botanic knowledge can do. I don't expect to solve any great scientific questions by paying attention to seasonal cues and clues in my own small way, but this small act does make me feel connected to a broader scientific community that is always asking questions and trying to figure out the connections between complex factors in a changing world. And of course, it's incredibly convenient that there is always also the simple joy in celebrating the moment and its beauty.
Friday – the 40K Championships:
That is just what I started doing when I needed to interact with this *E.G.R. individual.
Elijah: "I'm still hungry Mommy. Can I have more pancakes?"
When the President reads yet another speech written for him by other people, keep in mind that he has surrounded himself with a cabinet and advisors composed primarily of lawyers like himself. Most have no experience in private enterprise. They have not managed a business, nor met a payroll. Less than ten percent of them have experience in the business sector. And these are the people charged with solving the current financial crisis!
This is what I’m working on now…
Buga used her wooden tongs to sort some Christmasy objected in a simple divided tray.
**I remember well the sense of various lines of thought coming together, that evening, in the moment, and talking this idea over with him. It seemed that he appreciated being a catalyst, and he knew he was, as much as I enjoyed it. He loved the exchange of ideas and synthesis of his thoughts and my own. This was somehow a key moment for us; something intangible quality shared that also came into focus, along with our ideas. We began, I think then to recognize our ability to complement each other, to both challenge and support our thinking. Maybe it is/was just synchronicity - or maybe it's more than that.
Utilitarianism is an empirical theory. Consequences are observed or anticipated before moral decisions are made.
But Sky’s need for honestly somehow doesn’t extend to her life story – and Jameson just may need more than his new girl to keep him distracted from the disaster of his senior year.
These are the halcyon days of the Apocalypse Diet. I’m not taking it to its strange and bitter end where I subsist on jam, cornmeal and alcohol. April 1st is my doomsday, but let’s recap. I started this diet to see how long I could go without buying any food in my place. During that time, I’ve had a party and friends over. While I did buy food for those events, it was either completely consumed or put away to be used after the diet ends. So I do have a jar of mayonnaise, some crackers, frozen vegetables and a small bag of green olives that I am ignoring.
Up a steep flight of narrow, paint-splattered stairs, past a hairball of exposed wires and a groaning clothesline, his “election center” bedroom is jammed with old newspapers, dusty trophies and a flat-screen television blaring news in Hindi. A small bit of peach fuzz partially obscures the flag tattoos covering his skull.
Finally, after one of my many walks along the beach, a bit of prose spilled out of me. I offer it here for your review:
From the side -
layers of
Released on: 2005-08-10
BIG’s proposal, named after its location on the corner of Howe & Beach next to the Granville Street Bridge in downtown Vancouver, calls for 600 residential units occupying the 49-story tower, which would become one of the city’s fourth tallest buildings. The tower is situated on a nine-story podium base offering market-rental housing with a mix of commercial and retail space. BIG was commissioned by Canada’s premier real estate developer Westbank, established in 1992, with over $10 billion of projects completed or under development, including the Shangri-La luxury hotels in Vancouver and Toronto.
Where will this growth come from for the USA? California saw the greatest amount of solar capacity installed over 2011, with New Jersey in second place and Pennsylvania lagging some way behind in third. These increases were a mixture of commercial and domestic sized systems.
Excuse Me, Is That Your Broomstick?
by your darkness now
The global government that is being imposed on Earth is a totally illegitimate world political entity that has been constructed in secret, against the backdrop of terrorism and other manufactured global threats. Its authority rests on fiction, fraud, and force. It will no power over the Earth except the power that the people of the world will voluntarily give it.
Although, I do have a GUEST POST ready for my dear friend, Ping @ Ping'sPickings, which I successfully have made just about a day or two before I had this accident on both hands that will be preventing me from blogging....(sure, sure, excuses, excuses! LOL)
We live in phase three.
For the topping: halve the peaches, remove the pits, then slice the halves into slices about ¼ in thick. Add the butter, honey and 1 teaspoon of the ginger to a medium-size frying pan. Cook over medium heat, stirring, until the ingredients melt and begin to bubble, about 2 minutes. Add the peaches, toss the pan to coat them with the syrup, then remove from the heat and set aside.
Junior is either picked up by the hubs or, if he works late, hangs with Grandma until I can get home to cuddle with him.
Total Cost: ~$A51
Even Nietzsche, often known as the "God is dead" philosopher, said, "Love is not consolation. It is light."
Another so called “lie” in Jackson’s article is the “demonic representation of the “enemy” ...
Doctor has ruled out kidney stones, gall stones (ultrasound proved not caused by).
1 tsp. cinnamon
A nd as thermometers go down
We need to ask how these documents impact your fundamental right to freedom of expression and access to information which is enshrined in South Africa’s constitution?
As it happens, Bush has "a lot of respect" for Eno.
your dreams and reality?
I've come too far to blow it on the very last letter on the very last day. So before I say good night, I want to thank everyone I met on this challenge and thank you for all the great comments you have left.
Modifier to Valor: +0
At 5:00AM, I woke up, sick to my stomach. Now, you have to know that I hate, hate, hate to throw up. I mean, I'm sure no one really LIKES to vomit, but I absolutely detest it! My friend Sue and I have talked about this. Whereas most people would get to a point of such pain and discomfort, they would welcome the relief that comes with vomiting, we would do anything and everything in our power to avoid it. I'd rather lie, writhing in pain all night then to give up and throw up. I'd rather have diarrhea every day for the rest of my life than to vomit even once. I pray profusely whenever I get that stomachache that tells me its contents are about to be evacuated. "Please God, I beg of you, keep me from throwing up! Pleeeeeaaaaassssseeee! I'll do anything! I'll move to Africa and be a missionary. I'll give up funnel cakes forever! I'll stop yelling at my kids! Just say the word, God!"
when we moved in and only came to
Trusting the evil Lord in his hour of doom, Larry decides to go on a quest to look for his father, because he deduced that if he had a grandfather, that must mean that he had a father at some point in history. His faithful, red-headed girl friend, with eyes like the sea after a storm, goes along for the ride, and they take their other friend Juan Hector Manuel Crisanto Deigo Carlos Felipo Marco Alberto Miguel Fernando Hermanez Recardo the 3rd, an exchange student from deep Mexico.
The rest of us went to Subway for some real lunch. We grabbed a sub for the middles on our way to exchange the twins for the middles at choir.
4-6 decent-sized new potatoes, boiled, cooled & sliced (you could also always use some of those lovely jarred white Spanish beans instead, just don't brown them!)
I found also there a stripe of soil, where 10 potatoe plants will fit! If you see how many plants can be grown in a small place if planned properly - as I've seen recently - imagination fed with images and pushed by higher expectation is producing better ideas :)
I am always on the lookout for new crockpot recipes! So when I found this on Pinterest, I knew I had to try it! We love BBQ hamburgers and pulled pork, but I loved the idea of using chicken! These were fabulous!
SA: Absolutely. Look, I've got skin in the game now. Back when I was single, it just didn't matter to me as much that we had a bunch greedy, deluded maniacs holding this country's moral progress hostage. Now it does. They're fucking with my kids' future. A lot of parents—particularly prosperous, over-determined, parents like myself—get sucked inward by parenting. It's a trap, because our apathy and moral disengagement is going to cost our kids in the long run.
I hope you decide to give Studio J a try. It doesn't cost anything to use the application. I've heard of some who use it to determine their layout and then they use CTMH paper and accessories to create the pages. If you do decie to purchase and print the pages, they are of a high professional quality. In case you are wondering, the printed pages do not include the Studio J and scrapbooking lines accross the bottom.
( Scary, huh???)
Saturday: grilled chicken and Normandy veggies
one line
I had known John for about two years. I met him one day when there was not much gear about and he scored for me. He was a tall, stick thin Dubliner with water coloured eyes and a beautiful thick accent. He reminded me of past people and we became friends – mostly because whenever I'd bump into him I'd buy him a rock of his choice or put a score in his pocket. Our friendship was that. We never met up socially, or had a meal together or anything like that. We passed on the dope scene and I often helped him out. That was it, though we bonded never-the-less. He earned my respect by only once in two years ever calling my phone and asking for money. Even when he was ill he never used me as an option, and there's not many who'd be that precious with something. From that I took him as a loyal, decent person. And he was: John was a good man.
it's so hard for me to imagine my life before all of this, I know people say that all the time but it is so true. it's even harder for me to believe it's been six, yes six weeks already. and she's growing we had a Dr. appt yesterday and she is now 10 pounds! and the legs on her, holy (she sure doesn't get it from me) they just go on and on.
Hough hopes to lead a group of former Episcopalians in Cleburne, Texas, who have asked to belong to the new Personal Ordinariate of the Chair of St. Peter, created by Rome for former Episcopalians. Every Saturday, from 9 to 4, he participates in a newly developed program of training for former Episcopal clergy.
“I think we have what it takes to repeat again, absolutely,” Garcia said. “The target is on our back. We know it’s everyone’s championship game when they play against us and we welcome it.”
In the way of life, you will see a great chasm. Jump. It is not as wide as you think.
Memo To The Secret Team: If You Do Not Release Tesla Technology, You Will Die With Us..
7. Stay put: Mother Syncletica (4th century), “If you find yourself in a monastery do not go to another place, for that will harm you a great deal. Just as the bird who abandons the eggs she was sitting on prevents them from hatching, so the monk or the nun grows cold and their faith dies when they go from one place to another.” “In Scetis a brother went to Moses to ask for advice. He said to him, ‘Go and sit in your cell, and your cell will teach you everything.’”
Tuesday, May 17
(Bristol appears with the handball.)
Dad: Yes, and so will you one day.
it is the LCCT journey that we have done many, many times. and I don't think I'll ever get used to it!
Until next time, Happy Stitching.
Having now forced myself to take a really good look at these photos, however, one is reminded that in Pakistan, like any nation subscribing to Islamic Sharia Law, the husband is protected even if he had indeed killed his wife.
Payback.
Inquisitive. Knows how to dig secrets. I'm truly interested in just about everything (minus techno stuff - yawn.) Especially in people and what makes them tick. They sense that and open up to me. Like Akelamalu, I don't actually dig for secrets. People unburden themselves to me on an ongoing basis.
De Ranke Hop Harvest 2011 - 750ml bottles - $19.99 (price includes tax)
At the same time as The Boss is calling I receive two other calls from my Surbuban Gangsta wannabes, demanding that I return to collect them. Having previously explained that I cannot hang around on the street near their club, I ask if they're ALL TOGETHER.
These empty bottles have no purpose other than to add color and make me feel fancy. Doesn't every magazine kitchen shot have Pellegrino bottles? You can also get a peek at how the under-cabinet lights are mounted.
I need to condition myself to live –
Since January 1, 1994 China is a member the PCT. China's State Intellectual Property Organization is one of 16 institutes which offers the services of the International Searching Authorities (ISA) and International Preliminary Examining Authorities (IPEA).
Elizabeth is hilarious. Seriously, she makes me laugh all the time. It's not like she's trying to be funny - she's just at SUCH a fun age where she's learning and exploring and developing her personality exponentially every day. She's starting to walk more on her own. Still, every time she stands on her own she lets out this tarzan-esque triumphant yell to alert us to her accomplishment. She's learning to nod and shake her head appropriately. Yesterday, she was hitting the (glass) tv stand with something and I said "Elizabeth. No" And shook my head. She looked over her shoulder at me, grinned, and awkwardly nodded "YES" twice and then continued to hit the stand. It was way too cute. I went and took her weapon away all the while laughing and telling her how cute she was. Mixed messages? Not at all.
Please take a minute to read this. If it changes next year, it will favor only domestic adoption or special needs children.
I just wished that at least you will open up and voice it out eventually
Purple cardi: Nordstrom Rack
He strongly believed that mixing abolition with politics would corrupt their cause, and declared that their aim should be that of trying to change people’s hearts, that it was a moral issue first. The idea sort of hits close to home today, too…
I sniffed a few times, considering this.
I LOVE that light! It has a classic look to it that I think would be perfect in our 1940's home. The price isn't perfect though. I found a similar one here, but it is more than I wanted to spend, so I am going to keep looking for a less expensive one. Wish me luck!
closer to a chartreuse than it looks in the photo. And I’m
Still on the hunt for the perfect foundation I stumbled accross Vichy Dermablend when watching Lisa Eldridge's youtube video on covering acne.You may have heard of Dermablend after watching the fabulous "Go Beyond the Cover" with the gorgeous Zombie Boy. The Vichy Dermablend Corrective Foundation promises to give "total coverage" with twice as much coverage as a traditional foundtion. So off I went to Boots and found the foundation amonst the skin care, the lightest shade is "Opal 15" which is a little darker than I usually go for but the model in Lisa Eldridge's video seemed to be of similar shade to my skin so bought it anyway!
According to contemporary writings, he was short and weak and suffered from intestinal problems and sporadic hematuria (the presence of red blood cells in the urine). He did not speak until age 4 and did not walk until age 8.Such detrimental health effects are often seen in children of consanguineous marriage because they are more likely to inherit rare deleterious recessive versions of genes. Charles II’s disorders and illnesses are also evidence of the inbreeding of the line.
The procedure of every temple was the same. What we did was :
My soul exploded with a sensation of splendor best described by the Japanese philosophy, wabi sabi*. This was indeed a wabi sabi moment, a fraction of time linking nature and man, steeped in intense sensual beauty…so full of wonder it transports you to a moment of spiritual enlightenment.
I'm learning and I got myself my very own
1. Please download this download this Release Agreement (pdf), then print it, fill in the information, sign it, and mail it to: Adam Lambert Book Project, 600 Beaver St., Waltham, MA 02452, U.S.A.
1992 – Unforgiven
Panicking just a little…
Finally, after much scheduling issues and dealing with budget/tax issues *mostly those* I'm going to join a new Kung Fu school today in Toronto. It's been so long since I've studied at a studio, and I'm going to have to unlearn quite a few things, but I'm really looking forward to training and studying again. I'm no Jet-Li but I do love the art and really, since I have no delusions that I'll ever be Jet-Li, that's all that matters.
Monsieur Leon also has the habit of whistling contentedly. Indeed, he is so good at it
Many of the reddish-browns, the warmer brown prints, were dyed with madder dye which produced dark browns, burnt oranges, peachy browns, tans, and cinnamon reds.
RPG’s are one of my passions, although I profess I don’t play anymore. It’s hard to find a group that matches my age that needs another player. Mostly, I end up on MORG’s or digging up Diablo 2 (or Angband) to get my RPG kicks these days.
…Okay, I’m back. Whenever I see the the word “faithful” words like “loyal”, “devoted”, and “obedient” come to my mind, and those words tend to make me uneasy, because even after I received Jesus as my personal Savior and Lord many many years ago I could never claim those titles as my own. There have been times when I walked more loyally, devotedly, and obediently than at other times…but have I ever made it through a day where I was 100% loyal, devoted, and obedient? No, I haven’t.
So what did they do after leaving the group ?
Paul, comparing us with those who reject Christ and live for the things of this world, writes:
The American way....
A little vegetable oil
That's it for me. Back to my essay!
Vulnerable people who are sick, elderly or disabled can so easily feel pressure, whether real or imagined, to end their lives so as not to be a burden on others.
Wonderful Frank Spencer on "Some Mothers Do Have Them"!!!! My mother was at the recording of this programme and as you can hear on the clip, everyone was in histerics!! She said that all of the audience looked at each other in excitement when they watched this bit of the show - they new it was going to be one of the all-time greats and they would be able to say to their grandchildren - "I was there!" (if they were didn't die before they could see their grandchildren or if they didn't already have grandchildren).
"We would also like to remind Jason Kenney that he is a Minister of the Canadian government, not the racist Israeli government; still, CAF is not surprised with Minister Kenney's position given his outright contempt for the Arab and Muslim communities in Canada and his condoning of Islamophobia. This is the same man who attacked a Muslim organization for lodging a complaint with the Ontario Human Rights Commission against Maclean's Magazine for publishing an inflammatory and bigoted article, and who slandered Canadian NGO's at an OSCE Conference in front of the international community", said Khaled Mouammar, CAF National President.
Annoying til famous Paula B
“All of the characters in this book are fictitious, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.”
"As affirmed in the Doha Declaration on TRIPS and Public Health, the United States respects a trading partner’s right to protect public health and, in particular, to promote access to medicines for all, and supports the vital role of the patent system in promoting the development and creation of new and innovative lifesaving medicines."
I wanted to see where my sister was going to live, and they are in a prime spot, right near the small downtown area of Los Altos in a quiet, peaceful cottage. There are trees everywhere, and it's a short drive to some of the most beautiful trails I have ever run.
Simonetti's insurance paid out R137 500, quite a bit short of the car's book value of R150 000, and he expected the dealership to pay the difference. They refused.
I would talk with your friends, family, or co-workers that you know received a bottle and see if they are willing to trade you. I know this sounds like I’m being sarcastic with an overly simple answer but I do have reasons. Theoretically, the more hardcore beer geeks will be more interested in an infected bottle (assuming the infection is Brett as some people have guessed) and they might trade you. You might check Craiglist over the next couple of weeks for the possibility of people posting to trade. Second, if you have any out-of-town contacts I would have them check their liquor stores for any leftover Chocolate Ale bottles. The demand didn’t seem to be as high for Chocolate Ale outside of the metro and surrounding areas. Third, check out the Chocolate Ale thread on Beer Advocate. There was a thread on Beer Advocate forums discussing the wider availability of Chocolate Ale in other states. Several of the people on that thread offered to ship Chocolate Ale to people in Kansas City since ours sold out in 2 minutes. Of course, dealing with a stranger would be at your own risk so don’t take my statements as any sort of implied warranty. The problem…Beer Advocate went down the other day and the forums are unavailable at this time. I’m assuming they will be up sooner than later and they will still have their archived forums.
I like this trail so much because there are so many good places to trot and canter. The park has recently repaired it; too, so most parts are better than ever.
This package contains scripts which will be executed with super-user
Funny what the sun does to ones spirits, even yard work is a joyous activity. Hoping to make the most of this weather we are packing our bags, boys, and pups and heading to the beach. I love the beach; salty air, warm sand on my feet, and of course when I think of beach I think of bikes, kites, and ice cream.
An elite police force arrived in northern Brazil on Wednesday to help local law enforcement combat violence aimed at anti-logging and land rights activists in the Amazon rain forest.
The new podcasts probably wont be as long as our traditional recap podcasts, but we are still having a bunch of fun and talking about crazy ideas. As always we'll keep it real!
$10 from each ticket sold will go towards various recipient groups in Red Deer and Central Alberta, Here is a list of the recipient groups and their sponsors.
“Now to Him Who by the consequence of the action of His power that is at work within us is able to carry out His purpose and superabundantly far above and over all that we dare ask or think—infinitely beyond our highest prayers, desires, thoughts, hopes or dreams—to Him be glory in the gathered assembly and in Christ Jesus throughout all generations, forever and ever. Amen. Paul of Tarsus, Ephesians 3:20-21
Anyways…
“Oh keep the Dog far hence, that’s friend to men,
“They’ve tied themselves up in knots because they’ve bought into this notion that it would sound wrong to admit that they haven’t been able to do everything that they really should have done. It’s incredible — they can’t quite make up their minds on whether the theme is that Republicans are standing in the way of doing what has to be done, or things are really good and America’s back on track. The problem is that you can’t perceive both of those lines at the same time.
MOI HELSINKI
Or else learn how to sew knit fabric once and for all.
Well I dropped the blogging ball and haven’t been on here in months. But I would like very much to get better this year. Yes that’s a New Year’s resolution you see, lol this one is followed by my resolution to wear a bikini this summer! So hopefully I’ll be able to blog a little more and hit the gym. Lofty aspirations right now, we’ll see how I do.
The little old woman hugged her, caressed the shaky bundle and thought to herself how soft and gentle Sadness felt. "Cry, Sadness, let your tears flow," she whispered full of love, "Rest so that you can gather your strength back. From now on you shall not wander all by yourself. I will join you so that discouragement and despair can't take over anymore."
I will be doing a lot of changing and rearranging so will post pics as I go along.
1. Leave A Message
First piece is 6" x 12". I scored at 5 7/8" and then at 6 1/8" giving you a 1/4" spine on your card. This could be made wider if you like because it will stand anyway.
Avoiding dairy foods is not only an important step for one’s health, but it’s good for the animals as well as the planet.
Midfield
Everything stated in the last paragraph was to highlight that although there are adversities in my past, I am working to no longer allow myself to be defined by those circumstances. None of these past experiences determine my current and furthermore my future status in the Lord. If an issue arises in my life nothing ….I mean NOTHING….in my past is legitimate enough to be an excuse. God can change the rules of the world. When the world says ,”NO” God has the ability to say, “YES.” And when asked,”How?” He can simply answer, “Because I said so.” I am not suggesting that we shouldn’t follow the law or respect those who have authority but certainly recognize He who is REALLY in charge. Past hardships and misfortunes should not cause a gap in the life of a Christian. When has God ever declared a person crippled and thus unable to complete His tasks because of something in their past? Better yet, when has God not been able to effectively heal the crippled? Usually when we label those disabled it is by our own standards. I mean, by the standards of the world.
I decided to start off with a pretty tame, unchallenging recipe- gratin dauphinoise with smoked salmon. The Boyfriend makes an immense dauphinoise potato dish that cannot be bettered, but as he spent the afternoon at work I thought I’d knock this recipe up as he does love smoked salmon. No, it isn’t as good as his but it is different and worth making as a main meal rather than a side dish. It was very tasty, with a carby hit from the potatoes, richness from the cream and some omega goodness from the fish. Fish purists may recoil, but in the last 15 minutes cooking time I grated some cheese over the gratin and obviously this raised the gratins game (melted cheese has an excellent tendency to do this) and gave it a crunchy, cheesy topping which was delicious. Apparently you shouldn’t mix fish and cheese, but what would you rather eat, gratin with cheese or without? Thought so. Rules were made to be broken so mix things up. Kerstin recommends serving this gratin with a green salad, scattered walnuts and a walnut oil dressing, but that shits not gonna fly with the old ball and chain, so we had corn on the cob and garlic bread instead. He liked it, I liked it, everyone’s happy. I suspect this dish would be even nicer on a cold and dark winters evening.
Chain (ch)
knowing something, was like coming out of the cold, dark woods and stepping into the
-dolls, barbies, babies, and polly pocket and her boat that kind of floats
As my life has taken a steep turn, I needed to use all my time and energy here with my kids and family.
Also remember that if you go on a clear night for a bit “in the sky to observe the temperature will fall soon. So dress up, always good.
The trick is to pipe on the first layer, lifting up but not completely detaching from the first layer to begin the second layer.
We bought mum some flowers from Morrison’s on our way over there, and called at Westwood golf club for a present for Phil’s friend tomorrow.
I was plotting a much longer retrospective, and maybe I'll still cook one up, but for now, a few scattered thoughts:
08. Porch ^
When we arrived with Mac and Dolly and a bag of unwrapped Christmas presents (which we then "wrapped" in newspaper from the kindling bucket and masking tape- it was like an Etsy horror show) I had this sudden realization that P. and I have unwittingly turned into Cousin Catherine and Cousin Eddie from National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation- remember the uninvited guests who show up for Christmas with their eyesore RV and dirty kids? Yeah. Have we turned into Crazy Aunt Lily and Ex-Marine Uncle P. with the two shedding dogs and the fiberglass egg trailer? My god, yes. Yes we have.
-Richard Kissh (1974)
No reason to complain when it only costs £1.19 but I hope subsequent versions will have more content.
for this summary.
“In fact, the only way I would end up with this man was if I kept pursuing my destiny relentlessly.”
The balance of health benefits and harm is the essential core of a definition of quality.Avedis Donabedian
And most recently? I was there when I watched you transfer money over to them this year. Again, in my mother's maternal house. At another holiday. Which mum only let you come because it was my brothers 18th birthday over there. One that you begged to go and then complained about it the entire time.
“Greer, Greer! Jacobs shouted excitedly. Its going to be alright.” He reassured him.
Don’t worry Ms. fancy Pants this is not going to be a post about the most fraudulent MVP in NBA history…Derrick Rose. Well lets just say it is rather hard to compare an ELITE and truly GIFTED athlete to you and myself for that matter. Mr. Rose was playing not for fun but rather for some serious hardware, the Larry O’Brien Championship trophy. There is a massive chasm between his level of talent and you running a 5k, a marathon or flopping around in the mud. Deal with it…Now do you remember the picture from yesterday? Good. When you have your creative thinking cap properly fitted feel free to play along (trust me this is fun…). Crop his image out and place your pretty little smile in there, No fussing about it, Do it! Now what do we have? Oops lets change games missed to: Birthday parties, marathons and life’s little events…One more thing: Change “This Season” to “My Life”…There that looks pretty spot on now.
And what I see most often is a purposeful acceptance of ignorance that flows as mightily as the Mississippi. Sure, there’s some up North too, but Yankee know-nothings are more frequently confronted with the manifestations of their ignorance. It’s more difficult to degrade a person or a group of persons when you have to interact with them on a basic level everyday. It’s difficult to assume that all Arab-looking people are terrorists when one has invited you to his family’s home to celebrate a special occasion. It’s more difficult to conclude that all Spanish-speaking people are “Mexican” when you work with a gang of Guatemalans.
Cindy Sloan Photography captures every moment to help you preserve those family memories, moments & milestones. Whether an engagement, wedding, birth, birthdays, celebrations, graduation or other milestones ... there's a package that'll fit your needs. On location shoots at a wide range of locations help keep your photos unique and definitely one-of-a-kind. TM members who purchase a full hour session will always receive a free 8x10 from their session. Refer your friends because all those who refer a friend who purchases an hour session will receive 10% off a future session as a thank you for the referral. Find me on Facebook and take a few moments to peruse the list of popular locations and schedule your session today! Prints, canvas and books also available for additional purchase.
Quick update - I have been bad and purchased all of the above items from boots (excluding the bundle, obviously far too much an expensive luxury.) I am due to collect them from store on Tuesday so I'll do an update of my purchases then! Yey, happy :D! x
After we moved back from Bellevue, I started working at McDonald's. I was a crew trainer, I worked in the playplace as a Ronald's Ranger, I did drive thru, front window, and grill. Pretty much... I did it all. I would always try and be the most cheerful drive-thru person ever- and had the thought that if I could make at least one person have a better day, then it was worth it. I also snagged a few boyfriends out of my co-workers.... so it paid off in other areas too... HA! I worked there until I graduated in January of 2000 from High school.
The ATM cave system was used heavily by the Mayans for many ceremonies and rituals; it’s chambers and ledges are littered with ancient ceramics and the remains of human sacrifices. To see them involved first a 40 minute hike through the Tapir Mountain Nature Reserve, to the cave mouth, and then another two hours swimming and scrambling through the caves. The scrambling, swimming and climbing was always going to win me over but what took this tour beyond merely another show-and-tell was our guide, Martin. Of Mayan descent, he spoke with such eloquence and pride about his ancestors that you couldn’t help but be moved by his words.
“When you do nothing, you feel overwhelmed and powerless. But when you get involved, you feel the sense of hope and accomplishment that comes from knowing you are working to make things better."
When the sweet potatoes are soft and golden remove from the oven. Add the sausage slices to the pan and gently toss the potatoes and sausages with the honey/mustard mixture. Return to the oven for a further 5 minutes or until everything becomes deliciously sticky.
But her revival, and Ben's possible role in it, is only the first of the puzzles that Janelle must solve. While snooping in her FBI agent father's files for clues about her accident, she uncovers a clock that seems to be counting down to something—but to what? And when someone close to Janelle is killed, she can no longer deny what's right in front of her: Everything that's happened—the accident, the murder, the countdown clock, Ben's sudden appearance in her life—points to the end of life as she knows it. And as the clock ticks down, she realizes that if she wants to put a stop to the end of the world, she's going to need to uncover Ben's secrets—and keep from falling in love with him in the process.
Literally, starting into fire is a comforting thing to do. Almost any fire will work but most of the time it should be a campfire. A fireplace would suffice as well. As long as it has an orange flicker and wiggles as it destroys something it’ll work.
2) Hoping to get one good photo, randomly start taking
I recently saw this quote from the late Steve Jobs.
"Think of anarchism as an individual orientation to yourself and others, as a personal approach to life. That’s not impossible to imagine. Conceived in these terms, what would anarchism be? It would be a decision to think for yourself rather than following blindly. It would be a rejection of hierarchy, a refusal to accept the “god given” authority of any nation, law, or other force as being more significant than your own authority over yourself. It would be an instinctive distrust of those who claim to have some sort of rank or status above the others around them, and an unwillingness to claim such status over others for yourself. Most of all, it would be a refusal to place responsibility for yourself in the hands of others: it would be the demand that each of us not only be able to choose our own destiny, but also do so." -from Days Of War, Nights of Love: CrimethInc for Beginners
In selling these ideas Wohlstetter had to do an end-run around SAC’s LeMay and go directly to the Air Force chief of staff. In late 1952 and 1953, he and his team gave some 92 briefings to high-ranking Air Force officers in Washington DC. By October 1953, the Air Force had accepted most of Wohlstetter’s recommendations.
I took Farno on his first TRAIL RIDE yesterday afternoon! It all started with his first time in the outdoor arena, which I waited to do until I had brought in all the other horses. He just doesn't quite know what to make of the others coming to the fencelines and watching. My friend N was there for her lesson on her WB but decided to work her arab/andalusian cross while I was with Farno. I hopped on in the outdoor and while he had a couple of tense moments looking at the blowing trees and whatnot (we had winds of 30-40mph yesterday) he continued to move out like the champion that he is. As I mentioned before, I haven't done a lot with him yet, so I only rode in the arena for about 10 minutes, with a little trot along both longsides of the arena going both directions. I decided maybe he would like to see a little more of the farm, and so N and I headed out to the trails. My goal was to get him around the backside of one of the pastures (all within view of the barn) and back calmly. I am very, very proud to say that he handled it like a champ. Farno is definitely more responsive than Jetta, and I could really feel him looking around, but he calmly strode out, in the lead no less! N's gelding, unfortunately, wasn't as good. Prancing, pacing, bucking, snorting, spooking, and all of that right behind us. At one point we had to actually go into the woods as the longside of the one pasture borders the woods and there were too many trees hanging down to get through. Farno quite calmly strode through the trees onto the trail just inside the trees (and out of view of the barn!) and while he did stop once to look at everything, he continued on. We got back to the barn, after about a 10 minute "trail ride" and he was as calm as could be. There were a couple of boarders that had come out while we were in the arena, and they watched us go around the field. When we got back, they were all just fawning over him and his calmness. I can't wait for more! :)
But even if blacks and whites do not commit crimes at the same rate, and even if Muslims are overrepresented among today's terrorists, our mental associations between these groups and heinous events are made disproportionately large by the unconscious bias that causes us to form links between unusual events and minorities. ...People in Thailand will associate white American tourists with pedophilia even though many more acts of pedophilia are committed by Thais. But white Americans are a minority in Thailand, as are acts of pedophilia. So you will hear Thai people shout until they are blue in the face about individual anecdotes showing white Americans who are pedophiles. (The same is true of gay men and pedophilia in the United States.)
That you're in love with him and he's in love with you
dance -
Presenting printed material
I've noticed that over time, my reason for working out has changed drastically. When I started lifting weights in high school, it was because my mom wanted to go to the gym in town, so I decided to go with her. There, it turned into a love, plus there were cute boys to stare at while I did my walking lunges across the floor. :) In college and shortly after, when I was good about getting in my workouts (which was sporadic), it was just because I wanted to be skinny. I thought I was fat (I had in fact gained some weight), and I worked out for purely superficial reasons. BTW, cute boys at the gym still make it much easier to keep myself there when I'm feeling lazy!!!
Hudson would then return to his typewriter at a newspaper office on virtually no sleep and still, with enough residual chemicals in him to bring down a charging rhino, proceed to tap out an op-ed piece on the local lady's auxiliary.
At the beginning of the year I found myself waking up next to a barely legal 18y.o male. I felt more horrified than triumphant; I expected to feel a lot more elated about that notch on the belt than what the reality felt like.
So…
Diseases are where your main problems will be, at least if you live in New England. We have a whole host of diseases that will spot up the leaves and slowly kill the plant. Many of them are hard to tell from one another. The basic care is to remove the diseased branch and dispose of it when you find it. To make disease less likely you can stake your plants instead of caging them. This lets the air flow through better. If you do cage, you can thin out the branches in the interior of caged plants.
Freezing temperatures of late haven't been conducive to home brewing. For one, standing around in the cold isn't much fun and the outside water supply has been frozen too.
6th Graders from Seiling will be here this morning touring our programs. I will have three groups of 6th graders: Group 1 from 9:47 – 10:02 am, Group 2 from 10:04 – 10:16 am, and Group 3 from 10:18 – 10:38 am.
Finally, I used number stickers to number each image and journaled it's corresponding note below the grid. This has given me a formula I can return to when I have tons of pictures for one story. You make recognize I used it again here in the Kindergarten year-in-review layout. Give it a try if you need a design for lots of photos!
ALABAMA SHAKES - Boys & Girls
Getting enough exercise is difficult for the working professional. Here are some helpful tips for battling the tendency to leave exercise out of the daily regimen.
I was put off Douglas years ago because of what I read or, rather, read into the quotation below, another from Elizabeth David's An Omelette and a Glass of Wine. The young man referred to, it seems to me,was simply being inexperienced, adulatory and looking for what we nowadays call validation for expressing what was, in post-war Europe, and could be still, a valid socialist point of view about the haves and the haves-not. Looking back, I wonder if I, young as I was, took Douglas, and the victim (as I considered him), and myself far too seriously. I wonder also, as I write the last sentence, if a reproof ever really needs be annihilating.
Then I chipped and distressed a little, waxed all over with Annie Sloan Clear Wax, used a tiny amount of Annie Sloan Dark Wax for a little vintage look, and applied three coats of Minwax Polycrylic to the seat and rungs where it'll get the most wear.
I was at a loss of what to say to this elderly Italian who bragged about an act of murder as if it was something to be proud of. The man related how his family had been in Britain from the early part of the last century, and had volunteered to fight their kin back in Italy. To hear a man speak in romantic tones of treachery, fratricide, and the Zionisation of Europe was an odd experience.
The evidence shows that the use of ONE NATION UNDER GOD for various products, including jewelry and wristbands, is ubiquitous, and that these third parties use the phrase to provide information about their goods.
Chris fell back half a step until he bumped into Ann without incident.
The practical ways by which we can put on the helmet of salvation is by engaging in prayers, worship, listening to Christian music and teachings, reading and meditating on the scriptures and fellowshipping with other believers.
A security method is the key to protecting your residence or playing from intruders and burglars. Today precaution systems are increasingly hot and are installed in the age of homes. There are galore diametrical models lendable from connected systems to wireless systems. You can also acquire do it yourself warn systems that present arrange in toll from $10 to $100, but for a urbane full place instrument fear method you module requirement to telephony in the experts.
While apartheid continues unabated, the Bar Council president talks about uniform colours. No better than Nero playing violin while Rome burns. WHAT IS THE BAR COUNCIL FOR?!? To tacitly approve the wrongdoing throughout the entire system? When are those laws going to be updated? when will the apartheid constitution be amended? The people have a mood for change but only from DAP’s unkept election promises, abuses of power and whitewashes, as well as Bar Council’s neglect of the REAL ISSUE below :
I used yellow card stock cut A2 size and oriented it horizontally. The background and strips are from the DCVW the Cafe` Mediterranean stack. The background was cut slightly smaller than the yellow card stock. The strips are 1 1/2" x 3 3/4". I rounded all the corners using a corner punch by EK Success.
You think this plot would have been different if these male dopes had landed on a planet of ugly women? Or apes? How about a planet of men? Dolphins? Ocelots? You bet your sweet bippy it'd be different; in fact, it'd probably end up as something like Forbidden Planet or something more allegorical like that. Unfortunately, the guys who wrote this script were all too willing to....
William Ward Haynes, 35, Rye, N.Y.
humbled by scars.
Replies me, very drunkenly.
Rant over. Anyone else have issues with shoes? Or I am just super special?
Beads (for shaker card)
As the wedding approached, I knew that my feelings toward him had grown (even though I had never told him that I liked him). I had even tried to convince myself, my friends and everyone who asked that I DID NOT have an interest. Furthermore, I would go into detail as to how it would never work out even if he did like me. Afterall, I am 6 years older, live on the West Coast and he lived on the East Coast. I had 2 children, been divorced, etc. In addition, I didn't even think he would be interested in me since he never flirted with me. He gave no indication that he was interested and he also mentioned how women had mistaken his generosity for romance in the past. I was careful not to assume anything!
The Festival of Ballet was fantastic, a mix of modern, traditional and character driven ballet which is perfect for those of us who do not know a lot about this type of theatre.
Dropping back to the Garburn Pass, I bumped into another backpacker who was in the final days of an epic trek following the old Westmorland boundary. He raised an eyebrow when I told him where I’d bedded down for the night… I was slightly jealous of his journey and wondered if I’d manage this kind of trip again.
Actuality: New vehicle insurance technologies lets any American customer to examine free of charge to see what are the charge has fluctuated too during the last four weeks.
For an extra entry:
- Systematic dispossession of the country's white minority, leading to massive emigration of thousands of business people and professionals, a brain drain that is slowly strangling the country's economy;
*”I’m exhausted from hanging on the ledge and having some kid’s foot on my fingertips.”
Now you can:
Full name: RMS Titanic
My husband is such a story trumper! He will interrupt what I’m saying to tell some outlandish story that is obviously a lie. How can I get my husband to stop with his non-sense before I end up punching him in his face?
1. roller blade a ridiculous distance (well…… learn to roller blade properly!)
The Century of the Self, Adam Curtis, the award winning 2002 documentary from the BBC: how Sigmund Freud's family, exerted a surprising amount of influence on the way corporations and governments throughout the‭ ‬20th century have used Freuds theories to psychologically engineer and manipulate citizens into the false illusionary belief that the power is finally in their hands, that they live in a ‘democracy’.
hang out, but unless our son requests this, I think I'll pass.
7. My lovely friend, Carlos.
Where are they performed
I can’t make this shit up.
Just
In this edition of our Mommy Interview Series, meet education specialist, Lena Sadowitz. If you’re a Saturday morning yogi or a Movers mom, you’ve probably shared your practice with her. Get to know our magnetic mama!
The cratered eyes seemed paler then,
I am thinking about expanding it and adding parts of the analysis I didn’t find room for in the assignment, if anybody would be interested. Let me know.
As you stitch around your shape don't make any cuts into the curves until you are near them and ready to stitch them. When you do cut into the curves, simply cut up to the drawn line (not over it).
A few years ago, Focus on the Family had a program called the Character Crew. I printed off all the information and activities, but it was a little too much for them. Now I think it will work better. It is still available on online here.
The NBI in 2003 – appropriately the International Year of Freshwater – is now at the stage of moving from the development of cooperation and the institutionalization of this process to the achievement of development through joint multilateral and bilateral projects. This is a crucial test for the whole initiative and the principles on which it is built. The credibility of the external facilitation process is also at stake. Proof of success will not, in the long term, reside in cooperative frameworks or even the absence of major international conflict; rather it will lie in the capacity of processes and institutions to translate cooperation into development, and development that achieves poverty reduction from the local level upwards. One of the major challenges to ensuring the sustainability of the NBI is in creating a process of institutional support at all levels, including civil society at regional, national, and local levels. The importance of this challenge has been emphasized within the Nile Basin Discourse Project(undertaken since 2001) that attempts to facilitate dialogue about the NBI and to establish learning processes for institutions involved in Nile Basin-related activities be they environmental,socioeconomic, or cultural. In 2003 a formal Nile Basin Discourse Desk was established in Entebbe.
I'm a busy bee these days! If you haven't heard a response to your comments left here lately, please accept my apologies! I read each and every note you leave for me, but I have a few deadlines staring me in the face and they're nearly requiring my undivided attention.
Seriously, how many more can you pick out?
"OK" I said.
email: jenni@jennimitchell.com.au or info@ElthamSouthFineArt.com.au
In so doing, you’re honoring the spiritual process within.
Today is April 15th. Did you do your taxes?
11. Flood
kind of way that is so terribly amazing and terribly rewarding and terribly exhausting.
We had the room until 1pm, but checked out around noon. In Lahaina, we had lunch at the Aloha Mixed Plate. We sat at one of the tables closest to the beach in the shade. I had the beef teriyaki with rice and macaroni salad; Tony had one of their burgers. The menu has a nice mix of local dishes and always with large portions.
The movement of the streamers in the wind is said to resemble carp swimming in the river, struggling to swim upstream, and as such symbolize strength and perseverance--qualities parents traditionally hope to inculcate in sons.
No head today because I couldn't get a picture without some absolutely stupid look on my face.
Pirates of the Caribbean
Once the dough has risen, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and divide it into equal portions for the size rolls you'd like. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise for 15 minutes while you prepare the topping.
Hello and welcome!
See Saw Shiraz/Mourvèdre 2009 South Australia £8.99 (£6.74)
THE INTERSECTION OF ANTI-POLICE BRUTALITY, LABOR AND OWS
and only one blank window—
Sbarro
"About our draft lines," Andy told me, as we toured the keg
With that their eyes were opened and they recognized him, but he vanished from their sight.
In case the modern look is not the right fit, they also show a line called Gregorius Pineo manufactured out of California, which is based on more traditional scale and design. Luscious upholstery, carved wood, and eye catching iron detailing evoke a rustic country home, or a cozy mountain lodge.
To help make ends meet she sells her plasma 2 times a week. I get public assistance and part of comes in food stamps.
I hope I've inspired you today.
Enter courtyard, bear left. Under the arch there is an interphone with a list of names. Ring Doe and I will buzz you in. Then... go back into main courtyard where you came in and enter the big door with the 'escalier d'honneur'. Enter and walk past the escalier d'honneur (on your right) down to the end of the back hall where there is an elevator. It will come down automatically to pick you up. Press 4e etage and you will have arrived! If you get lost go back to interphone and tell me and I come down and get you. It sounds terribly complicated but is not really so!"
Dandelions have a special place in my heart...and seem to think they can homestead all over my lawn.
I got a KitchenAid for Christmas that I haven't used yet so cooking something out of this book will give me a chance to try it out. I'm thinking I'll make the Pizza Margherita.
The three other Mod dogs raised their heads in acknowledgement and mutual doggy understanding.
Code Name Verity is getting a ton of attention and awesome praise. Liz B recently gave it a fantastic review; it's received four starred reviews from the major review publications (doesn't look like School Library Journal has reviewed it yet). That's quite impressive. In order to stave off her execution by the Nazis, a young female British spy confesses what she knows about the British war effort; in doing so, she tells the tale of her friendship with Maddie, the pilot who dropped her into Occupied France. Reviews say that this is a thrilling, emotional, heartbreaking, and mature tale that is not for the faint of heart.
ps. Yesterday we celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary and today in my 69th birthday so we are headed out dinner and then a party with the kids on Saturday.
Sometimes I wonder if, after Boh is in my arms, will I look back and wonder if I appreciated being pregnant enough? I was saying this to Ted last night and neither of us can see how we could be appreciating and enjoying it anymore than we are. I can't even put into words how happy this little girl makes us, how much I love rubbing my belly, looking down at it and looking at it in mirrors. Every movement I feel makes me smile. I wake up at night, go to the bathroom and lie in bed awake hoping to feel her move because I haven't felt it in a few hours and I miss it already.
The amazing thing was, she kept staring at me and smiling.
If the answer is: Sure, let's get it.
I didn’t like when her balloon floated into the air and when her ice cream cone dropped on the floor. It was sad. I wish that it wouldn’t happen.
Wireless internet is a necessity more than a luxury today and Sky Base offers high speed internet connectivity. Sky Base offers continuous broadband that doesn’t frequently disconnect. You have to enter your landline number on the Sky Broadband web-site and they will let you know at how much speed you can get the internet.
To be real it takes stripping down any walls you have up. It takes removing yourself from the equation and seeking to minister to someone else. For to be real, it takes a vulnerable willingness to be an open book.
When, back in 2007, the Pope removed requirements for a bishop's permission to say the older form of the Mass, the expectation was that the newly renamed ‘Extraordinary Form’ would spread widely.
As I read the various comments that have been made, I wonder what has happened to the leadership of this sport over the years? Because when I look at traditional track powers like Britain, Russia and Cuba, I see the legends of the sport from their countries actively involved to help move the sport forward with Sebastian Coe, Sergei Bubka and Alberto Juantorena all in major roles within the sport.
The Catholic church is the biggest financial power, wealth accumulator and property owner in existence. She is a greater possessor of material riches than any other single institution, corporation, bank, giant trust, government or state of the whole globe. - Jack Chick, Smokescreens, Chick Publications, p 73.
Geoff said it is important we all get involved, as re-gaining our seat on the GLA would be a major boost to the Party morale.
Unfortunately, none of these could reasonably be said to concern the history of medicine, even at the broadest possible point.
I've just been reviewing the post I wrote this time last year, my 11 for 11: eleven specific things I wanted to achieve in 2011. Funny thing about making your resolutions specific and measurable, and publishing them online... hello accountability! I can honestly say that I failed pretty miserably on 7 aims, but I proudly claim to have nailed 4.
I found this as an interesting subject to shoot at, because of all the different shapes and little details that you can see on the board.
A “C” chord.
And for it you must pay.
"I was very impressed by Mr. Griffin's determination and commitment to finish what his son had begun and to spend time with his son's former unit to do it," Petraeus told CNN. "In my view, his situation was truly unique, and thus it was one in which we decided to make an exception to normal practice."
We received another bolt of potting soil brown ticking yesterday...yayyyyyy! While I was hoping for more then the 1 bolt, I'll take what I can get! Hoping to get more bolts directly from the manufacturer today or tomorrow. I didn't get this pulled from the website before some orders came in, so we over-sold. Once I have all the pre-sold orders filled, and I feel I have remaining inventory, I will mark the House of Blues & Browns Sampler supply kit and ticking available for purchase once again.
Oh and speaking of rubber stamps, I was just over at the Inky Impressions Store and noticed that Nicole has some of the Winter rubber stamps on sale! You can find them all here.
When Katherine asked if I might like to write a blog post about my favorite fairy tale, I drew a blank. Having read the previous posts and their loving attention to various stories, I’m almost afraid to admit this, but I didn’t like fairy tales when I was a kid. I thought they were dry, their characters two dimensional and their plots predicatable. But as I wrote my e-mail, meaning to decline, one particular book did come to mind. It was Alice and Martin Provensen’s book of fairy tales, and I remembered it mainly for the illustrations, which were terrifying.
We prayed together and after a few minutes we fell asleep. Neither of us awakened until time to get up the next morning.
This recording is a great example of truly Tunisian jazz, a meeting between more conventional jazz & traditional Tunisian sounds such as the ney, the oriental accordion, the udgé along with a more Arabian styled percussion, all led by guitarist Fawzi Chekili.
So here is how I file all my paid bills, bank statements, receipts, manuals, misc paperwork and important documents without a filing cabinet or filing drawer.
The biggest reason I believe that everyone can lose weight and be healthy is because I did it. A glance into my past and you’ll see that for the past 24 years of my life I have struggled with my weight. Never once did I step on a scale and have it say I was anything but overweight, I’m not over being dramatic either. I started my first bought of weight watchers when I was in the 5th grade and I weighed 210 pounds. It worked, and I lost a good chunk of weight. Sadly, in 8th grade I got diagnosed with Hashimoto’s thyroiditis (a autoimmune disease where your thyroid is attacked) and ended up gaining most if it back before I could figure out why I was gaining all this weight. I stopped myself before reaching 200. Since then I have shifted the scale between the 180′s and 190′s.
The scary part is that had the Iranians succeeded, Saudi Arabia and Iran would surely have either gone to war, perhaps dragging the U.S. in too, or tensions would have escalated to a point of no return, with each nation on edge and severe jockeying in the Islamic world. This is scary because Iran and Saudi Arabia are major oil producing and exporting nations, and any war between them would have been disastrous for world oil markets.
of distinctive concoctions and spirits that the 1933 Group has become
A few minutes later, plant in hand, Jeremy walked into work with a smile on his face and a spring in his step. He headed straight for his boss’s office, as he hummed Hendrix’s Purple Haze, “Scuse me . . . while I eat this fly!”
Hey Jesse,
“She said she’d think about it.”
Bronze: Jack Hammer, The Brew Kettle Production Works, Strongsville, OH
by John
In kind of other news, and on a similar to my last post note, which was four months ago so you don't remember anyway, I had a heart-to-heart with a buddy recently about whether you feel like you're half-assing everything if you do too many things (and that's a real danger), and I am proud of myself as I slowly start to realize that as I enter a busier-than-normal season of life, I can full-ass things in smaller doses. Make sense? Like, I honestly do my darndest to be a good YW president. I feel so much love and concern for our little gang and feel like I do a decent job most of the time, but guess what? I'm not at everything. I can't be, and that's a fact. But when I go, I try to be all in. Similarly, I need more help with childcare now than I used to, and that's a fact. But when I'm with my kiddos (which is still the vast majority of the time), I try to be all in. And at work I am learning to delegate. This is a pain for those of us who like to be in charge of stuff because we think we'd do it better ourselves, but sometimes, delegating stuff is the biggest present to ourselves. Am I right or am I right? Annnnd it's only taken me almost thirty years to figure out! Bahahaha! Life lesson: you can avoid a lot of big fat headaches by anticipating them, sharing the responsibility, and not being a martyr. YEAH!
as the salt of the sea in summertime,
Maybe it’s just me, but I love romances where the characters can’t be together because of circumstance and bad luck. Where there is longing but there’s also a glaring problem that the couple must overcome before finally ending up together in an ending that leaves everyone happy.
The race, in memory of the OKC bombing, is incredibly inspiring, and I’m going to need all the inspiration I can get!!
I'm 29 years old and live in North London. I'm not originally from here though. I was brought up and went to school in a small town in the Midlands called Coalville.
Employees: c. 1,700
Whenever we returned from the city, the square or the souk;
SRM: 38
The US-Pakistan relations seem to be well on its way of eventual demise after an ISAF airstrike across the border that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers last week. In reaction, Pakistan has blocked the NATO supply from Torkham and Chaman, asked the US to vacate the Shamsi airbase in Balochistan and announced to boycott the Bonn Conference next week.
Now, every year in February, a few hundred people gather at Amajuba mountain to celebrate the battle. This year the Dundee Die Hards, South Africa’s only permanent battle reenactment team staged a battle with Boer troops, made up with commando members from Lydenburg and Pretoria.
Just wanted to say THANK YOU to each and every one of you. I am now up to 40 readers! I have only had this blog for a few months, I don't blog "regularly", and I mostly gripe on here. I vent in order to keep from going off on the world!
More pertinently, he put 'Pete Black' into anti-racist groups for four years. Having had a stint obstructing the Anti-Nazi League's attempts to prevent the rise of the BNP, Black then infiltrated and undermined people fighting for justice for under-investigated black deaths such as the Stephen Lawrence campaign.
"CAMRA buys the beer from the brewery, CAMRA sells the beer to the public, Brewdog are paying for the privilege of having a dedicated bar.
“Sort of, but we’re not really close. There was a family argument a million years ago and people just stayed apart as if they never knew each other. Hank’s house was over this way,” she pointed to the edge of the frame, “just maybe like an inch off the picture, or you would have seen it. We used to play through these fields all the time.” She pointed behind her and out into the cornfield.
We let the chandelier hang out until late afternoon the next day before installing it just to get rid of some of the paint fumes. To install it Aaron took down the old light...again. Although you know that I don't like this light, it does have one neat little trick that it can do which I've never seen before. See that oval shaped piece above Aaron's left hand - that piece holds a retractable cord so you can you the handle at the very bottom of the light (the part closet to the table) to pull/push the light up and down. We didn't ever make much use of this but I still think it's pretty cool - especially for a romantic dinner or a little interrogation session.
I have made better and better relationship choices.
I want everyone to know, to see, to bear witness to, to spread the word of, recumbent trikes. Because if you’re in any way compromised in body, if you’ve had the joy of movement and exercise, the community of recreation, athletic participation and competition excised from the realm of what you consider possible in your life – then you need to know a recumbent trike just might be able to give all of that back to you.
We'll see!
The most interesting guy on the list for me are Rondon at Malaga (who scored 14 last year as well) and Diego Costa at Rayo Vallecano (only 13 appearances). If you want young potentially cheap, youthful goal getters these are the guys I’d go for.
Young Gul comes to his office in a brand new car with a chauffeur and asks why the ladies there haven’t gotten rid of Ga Young’s bed yet. They don’t want to since they use it to rest when they get tired. In his office, Bong Sook shows him designs for their logo. She gets a call from Ga Young. Young Gul catches her name and tells Bon Sook to take personal calls later. Meanwhile, he gets a call from Anna which he takes. Anna is near Ga Young when she takes the call and makes sure Ga Young hears it. Jung Ah distributes fliers for a fashion show to everyone. At first, Jae Hyuk throws his in the trash but then takes it back out.
I do keep up with my instagram...so feel free to find me at shalynnelson. Drew Drew Hot Pants has instagram too: ddhp.
The only way to victory is to fight: The bigger the battle, the greater the victory. Fight for it!
In order to do so, Ally will be up against Nick Sourvanos, the insurance company’s handsome and savvy defense lawyer. Nick is Ally’s ex-boyfriend - of sorts. He is the polar opposite of Ally’s steady accountant boyfriend. Although Ally and Nick continually fight for the last word, they can’t seem to get enough of each other.
The four of us were playing a board game the other night when, unexpectedly, on a bad turn, Jack raises his fist to the sky and shouts, "Damn you, bird!" Byron and I were speechless and then had to bodily struggle to keep in the laughter. It was just so out-of-the-blue - and he so resembled an old man, shaking his fist at the world in rage. I didn't have a clue what to say. So, once we calmed down and got our silent laughter under control, we had a little talk about using the word "damn" and about other words that might be more appropriate.
Park Cheol Min as Pil Dong
So don’t be fooled by the media circus. Avoid the wack job agents trying to set people up.
I was all set up at my favorite little cafe, with free WiFi, and the yummiest vanilla latte ever. I was ready to start blogging away, when all of a sudden, I accidentally clicked on Nordstrom's website! (ok, maybe not such an accident) ;) I was quickly reminded of this:
After a few days of watching her feed the cats, I noticed that she always wears a jean jacket. This jacket is decked out in rhinestones that say, “Cat Lover” followed by a bit of bling strategically placed on the jacket. Upon further observation, I see her license plate says the same thing.
I believe that development of clean energy is Japan’s mission at this era of energy crisis. Nuclear energy always has a difficult problem of radioactive waste and a risk of accident, oil and coal are limited resource. And greedy pursuit of oil makes war just as America has been doing, drilling oil devastates environment and eco-system, and such energy resource pollutes air and emits CO2 when it’s consumed.
I look forward to the day when they come for him, too.
6. Everyday I Have The Blues***
A woman who watched Gods love for the orphan. Watched His incredible care for children who no one cared for. Who watched as other believers cared for these children that no one wanted. A woman who saw miracles happen, unexplainable by any man, a woman who was shown love for the first time in her life by complete strangers, who were Christians, by us, and by God and for the first time in her life told us she knew what love felt like.
Stamp: Craft Secrets
May 28, 2011 — Former boyfriend testifies about Casey’s normal behavior on June 16, 2008. Cindy Anthony testifies that they swam that day and that Caylee could get up the ladder into the pool. She also believed Casey worked at Universal Orlando Resort and had a babysitter named Zanny.
and moon, in the Valley of Aijalon.”
(1) He ruined the economy.
p20-1 “…the reality and the enduringness of a construction are assured of by the transformation of profane spaces into a transcendent space (the center) but also by the transformation of concrete time into mythical times. .. ‘once upon a time’ … that is, when the ritual was performed for the first time by a god, an ancestor, or a hero.”
Dress and leave for campus
sweat pain and agony
card recipe -
In the novel, after Dantès becomes the Count, Mercedes reveals herself to him. But her marriage to Fernand is genuine, as is their son. Dantès then realises that even with his vast fortune and all his plotting, he will never be able to have Mercedes. It’s the most tragic part of the entire novel – in one night, everything Dantès had been striving to obtain for the last THIRTEEN YEARS is taken from him. Not long after, when his revenge results in the death of innocent people, does he realise that revenge will not get him the answer he deserves. He does settle down, but the audience is never shown it. It truly is the justice he deserved.
Through the years of his direct involvement with the football club that I support I have always been reassured by his own status as a lifelong fan and season ticket holder, a relationship with Forest that he inherited from his father and passed on to his son. In the days of foreign investors seeking to make returns out of precariously financed clubs it felt good to be owned by a fellow supporter, even though success was proving hard to come by.
Make Spring 2010 the time where you start thinking more about the way you live. Make a concious effort to do your part to save our beautiful planet and...
And, I did.
5. Remove from the pan; consume and enjoy!
I am thankful for my beautiful bride. There were over a hundred mornings this year where she woke from fitful sleep to a dark hospital room lit only by the strange glow of IV lights and monitors instead of to the comfort of her own bed. On most of these mornings, she woke up without me there. Each time, she met the day with determination, because her sole focus for that day lay in a crib a few feet from where she slept. She has been a relentless ally in Levi’s battle, providing him the tender love, nurturing, and a caring mommy shoulder on the days when he didn’t feel well enough to even lift his head. I love my wife, and I love her love for my children. I am thankful to have her on the front lines in the trenches to fight alongside my son.
'The Havanese' Wins the Dog Writers' Association of America Maxwell Award forBest Single Breed Book of 2005
You have a ton of toys and yet never play with the same thing for very long. Always changing it up
Social norms tend to reinforce one’s preference for the status quo. For example, courts view a sin of commission (lying about your credentials to get the lead astrophysicist position at NASA) as more serious than a sin of omission (saying that the dog ate your credentials and still getting the job at NASA).
We live upon the very same earth, we all belong to the same universe but the oceans that separate us have created rifts between us. We once shared the very same home, and although those days have been and gone we were once family and that shouldn’t be forgotten.
“Each generation must prepare its own devices with which to strike terror in the enemies of Allah. We do not want to attack anybody, but to strike fear in our enemies, so that they will not attack us.”
Touch me
Aviation minister, Stella Oduah, has been named in a string of scams,
Of course, that's the problem. Gonzalez probably wasn't doing anything particularly unusual or reckless - beyond driving in the first place. If speeding is common, it's because the road design encourages it. It's a six-lane limited-access highway, but it has a 50mph speed limit, probably because it has no shoulders. But the drivers see six lanes, so they go fast.
Follow the reuse road.
A Flintstones Christmas Carol ... Boomerang ... 11:30 AM
This is their ‘Shop of Possibilities‘, part of Febrik’s residency. Frances, the Gallery’s Head of Education, brought me down and introduced me to everyone, and showed me around the beautiful gallery space and back garden that leads onto the Sceaux Gardens estate.
CISPA is supposed to amend the National Security Act of 1947 to further facilitate the sharing of “cyber security intelligence” between the government and the private sector, as well as between private companies. In the bill, “Cyber threat intelligence” has been loosely defined as efforts to “degrade, disrupt or destroy” networks or systems owned by both the US government and US corporations. The bill further seeks to counter the theft or misuse of private or government information, including intellectual property. CISPA further does away with legal liability for the private companies who collect and share information. Critics fear the bill will create what the Electronic Frontier Foundation described as a “backdoor wiretap into our daily communications.”
Trustees Emeriti include: Harold Brown, Frank C. Carlucci
Do your characters come to you fully formed? Or do you create them from the ground up? No matter which way they arrive at your door, you can use character building tricks to add quirks, foibles and realistic human traits to create depth to your characters which in turn will take your plots to greater heights.
The kind people of at heaven and earth designs are having a mothers day sale at the moment and these two charts just happened to add themselves in to my stash.
I’m attaching the very best and brightest in liberal hate tweets at the end of this post for your enjoyment (language warning, as usual). Long-time readers of my blogs, columns, and books know that I’ve been exposing prog intolerance/racism/sexism/bigotry for 20 years now (see here, here, here, here for fun flashbacks). Twitter just makes it more accessible.
"Last but not least, don’t expect to buy your hops on the spot market every year below the cost of production and still get good quality, or for that matter, delivery of your hops in short years. This will cost you even more in the long run than paying a sustainable price, and sends a signal to growers that you don't care about investing in hop quality! If the domestic aroma market becomes commoditized as the alpha market, quality will deteriorate." (emphasis added)
1 1/2 cups whole milk
Now I have to say my dear daughter did the chalking....she was a little obsessed (go figure) chalking it to make it look "sunshin-eeee" on one side. Of course the sun would have to be coming from the soil but hey who's going to tell her the gas ball is in the SKY, in the AIR! I'm not showing my worry about her IQ, am I?
etc. etc.
#076 Pat Burrell (Phillies)
Content that is more relevant (more contextual) is more likely to be forwarded on, tweeted about, and otherwise more likely to go viral (passed from person to person just like a cold).
Sub-contractors:
“Beijing is defined by congestion, lack of public spaces, discontinuous neighborhoods,” writes Michael Meyer, author of the excellent The Last Days of Old Beijing: Life in the Vanishing Backstreets of a City Transformed (2008). Which this post is all about.
Back when Target first began stocking designer pieces, like Proenza Schouler and Rodarte, I would mark my calendar for every new collaboration, then things went a bit downhill. Fabrics were horrid, seams were off-kilter, and even the designs felt like boiled down versions of the originals, as if us mid-price-point shoppers couldn’t handle real fashion (which was unfortunate as the prices kept going up). Pretty soon I couldn’t afford the items, nor did I want them. Really, I was buying a name and I really didn’t even get that since they make sure to emblazoned Target everywhere as well.
And teach him everything that needs to be taught.’
Pendragon: Go keep an eye on the new employee. You know the one.
I could ride on portions of it, but hopped off and walked for the really bumpy bits - I didn't want to mess up my bike. The surprising part was that I realized that mountain biking would actually be fun - I'd always thought I wouldn't enjoy it at all. Riding and walking through those trails today reminded me of when I was a kid growing up in Arkansas, and I'd head off into the woods and spend the entire day there. Even though I know that other people use the trails, I had a real feeling of solitude and peace out there that I don't feel on streets, and I loved the little bit of riding I did on the trails. So - next stop, MTB. In total I rode 20 miles today, a personal best, and it was a total blast. I went around the track twice, and rode a different, longer route home to add on the miles.
Tonight, a bumble bee, heavy with pollen or perhaps just tired out at the end of summer, has fallen asleep on the dropping sunflower near the veranda. I know how it feels. Sated on summer.
I am excited to introduce Dean Schnider, the co-producer of Hachi: A Dog's Tale. Dean is the young visionary who sought to bring the story to the screen. His ambitions as a producer started at the age of 12 when he saw JAWS and read the quote by William James, "The best use of life is to spend it for something that outlasts life.” I’m pleased that Dean was able to chat with me about his experience as a producer of this special film.
Computer (without Internet) 6.3%
My poets pray in austere studious moods,
across the skies.
He was born with cerebral palsy and also, discovered later, epilepsy.
X)X factor
I think it all breaks down to HOPE. Hope for better, Hope for one’s life led free from the frustration from it all. I can never get so bummed I just stop….give up.
I’d love to hear your opinions on it. I happen to really love the table and while I was a little trepid about how it would turn out, the second I saw it I breathed a huge sigh of relief.
We measured and drew up a plan of her room.We looked through a catalogue and she chose the things she would like in her room.We took the measurements and made cardboard cutouts to scale and stuck them on the "room" in the position she wanted them.Milly was with me throughout this process and helped with measuring and looking up the measurements for the furniture in the catalogue,and cutting out the shapes.She had got a little fed up and wandered off to play when it took me ages to work out how to do a scale drawing (never had to do one since school and have, of course, forgotten all that info) of the room dimensions! I wanted it to be big enough for her to get a sense of how it would look.I had trouble finding just the right scale to do that, without it being too complicated . I faffed around and got there eventually!
One would almost forget that this is the nation that not too long ago was producing some of history’s most revered athletes. We’re still playing catch up to Edwin Moses, Evelyn Ashford, Carl Lewis, Mike Powell, Michael Johnson, Charles Austin, Jackie Joyner Kersee, John Powell, Mac Wilkins, Kim Gallagher, Johnny Gray, and Valerie Brisco among a host of others. We had Tommie Smith, John Carlos, Jim Hines and Charlie Greene simultaneously – yet we’re happy to have one Tyson Gay. We had Butch Reynolds, Steve Lewis, Danny Everett and Michael Johnson ALL at the same time. Not too long ago having multiple stars was commonplace in the U.S. – Carl Lewis, Mike Powell and Mike Conley; Conley and Kenny Harrison; Charles Austin and Hollis Conway; JJK and Marion Jones; Ben Plucknett, Mac Wilkins, John Powell AND Art Burns. My point is that right now we’d be ecstatic to have just one of those per event, yet we used to produce them in bunches!
So back in early February 2011 Ethan had a bad case of the Sneezes. And Runny Nose. And Watery Eyes. And Cough. This is normal for him. Year Round. But THIS time I actually took him to the doctor since he had developed a beautiful red mustache from wiping his nose so much. I felt sorry for him.
He said the neighbours heard his mother's cries for help.
Quote 2
Criticisms of PAS have not been limited to mental health professionals, as legal scholars have also been loath to accept the premise that parental alienation should be formally classified as a mental illness. For example, in her 2002 article, “Parental Alienation Syndrome and Alienation: Getting it Wrong in Child Custody Cases,”12 Carol S. Bruch, JD, voiced concern with Gardner’s tendency to cite his own, non-peer-reviewed books and publications on PAS. She noted that in one typical article, Gardner cited 10 sources: 9 writings of his own and 1 by Sigmund Freud. She further refuted Gardner’s suggestion that PAS was a generally accepted psychiatric phenomenon by pointing out that, when the validity of PAS was challenged in court, his testimony was often excluded.
I hope she doesn’t do a Ken Livingstone and start crying.
“It’s the redistribution of wealth,” Smelly said.
To carry out the study, Sean Lee and Toshikazu Hasegama used a technique developed by evolutionary biologists to examine DNA fragments from fossils in order to create family trees, often reaching back millions of years.
We learn which Elements counteract
Edwin Moore's quirky collection of a hundred encounters between (mostly) important historical figures is a gem of a book. Where else could you get concise enlightening accounts of Henry VIII wrestling with Francis I, Geronimo surrendering to General Miles, Ernest Hemingway presenting Fidle Castro with a fishing trophy or (as seen on the books cover) a baby faced Bill Clinton shaking hands with John F Kennedy. A marvelous 'little window on human history. ' - Dominic Kennerk, Waterstone's Product Planning and Promotions Co-ordinator (From the Waterstone's 'We Recommend' list for 2008)
The European Patent Convention (EPC)[1] excludes certain subject matter from patentability, for example for moral reasons. For other subject matter it is not possible to obtain patent protection due to the way that EPO practice and case law have developed, such as for a new medical use of a known device or for discovering the mechanism of action of a known drug.
Make a really big deal about how important it is for kids to get physical activity, and then force him to sit still for 95% of the school day. This article explains the government's new early learning initiative, the point of which will be to train kids to be more "ready" for kindergarten. One of the things that Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius is especially concerned about is kids developing the ability to "sit still" and "listen to teachers." The government will offer $500 million in grants for states to "raise the quality of early learning and child care programs and to increase families’ access to them." These early learning programs should help solve this "problem" of kids not being able to sit still by age 5, along with other ones affecting school-readiness.
In general, we use additional commas when we list items in a series. The big
~Francis Bradley
I’m all for pinning DIY home projects that you will never actually accomplish, but then I saw a pin of a framed light switch. As in someone put a picture frame around the switch that turns the lights on and off. How house crazy do you have to be to walk by your living room light switch and say to yourself, “I should totally frame that.”
They are also characteristics I carry within me. There is a part of me that is very much the rebel; I've never wanted to live my life by other people's rules. (Hello, artist, yes?) And when it comes to my art I push myself towards being daring and fearless. Interestingly enough, in my family I've often been accused of emotional detachment, since I'm not prone to large displays of emotion outside of my art. So my animus is a cowboy.
And I gladly stand up next to you
Salty by Simon Mulins, founder of Salt Yard, Dehesa & Opera Tavern
Getting back to the beer in question, you'll note the exremely simple grist. Wondering where the crystal malt is? Crystal malt in British Pale Ales is a fairly recent phenomenon. Virtually unknown before WW I, not that common until after WW II.
So when Saturday night rolled around, I was refreshed and raring to go to my friend Margaret's wedding. My dress worked out pretty well, though I was sporting some pretty impressive cleavage, and I was honestly a little nervous whether breasts are still legal in Texas. Like, maybe Homeland Security had deemed them a threat to National Security or something, you know? You never can tell how laws are gonna change. Luckily, I was not thrown in Breast Offender's Jail, so that seems ok. Other girls were showing some yum yums, too, so I felt better. I can tell you Miss Karla May, fellow blogger, has some nice ta tas.
Hi everybody
Speaking of family, many of you have inquired after the twins. They are gaining rapidly and were moved from NICU to ICC on Sunday. Bryson the bigger of the two is 5 lbs 14 ounces. Unfortunately, he still struggles with his breathing and has oxygen drops. He also has a ductus that has enlarged rather than decreased as he has grown.
So, today may you chase fervently after something you know is good. And may you be rewarded. May you look at your children, or the children of others, and see in those trusting eyes the deep responsibility we have to care for them well. May you rise to the occasion. And may you leave a legacy that is far greater and more lasting than anything that could ever be written on paper. May it be written in the beings of those you love.
Every time I hear the birds chirping before the sun rises, I believe it's going to be a good day. Those lil birds were chirping their hearts out this morning, I love hearing them outside my craft room window. It's going to be a good day :)
2. Get Honest
I’ve been moving out recently and the last thing to go was a truly hideous sofabed which we’d picked up for free, I think, and had decided instead of just taking it to the tip we’d do a good deed and donate it to the British Heart Foundation so they could sell it on for charity.
The insured is now facing the most psychologically-devastating event of his career. He is used to being the breadwinner—supporting his family and their lifestyle. Accustomed to being 100 percent healthy, he is now facing a nightmare. He’s no longer a vice president. He’s now a claimant who needs to trust that his LTD insurer will treat him well. He has a natural apprehension about insurance companies. Many people have experienced difficulty when filing a claim or read a negative article about a company not paying their claims.
What if that was our mantra? What if we learned to trust our instinct? What would happen if we took that very important step of faith and risked it? What lives would we touch? What difference would we make as women, mothers, daughters, and sisters if we climbed out of our flower pots and painted the life’s landscape with the color and beauty of “Wild Flowers”!
