were selected,
And how best to describe the feel of gently riffling through the two racks of exquisitely chosen vintage garments? I think the owner, Robert, described it best – it is “bespoke shopping” – a couture-made experience. Like the clothes, with their pin-tucked details and bias cuts, the hours spent perusing can only be thought of as ‘tailor made’. Thirties striped Katharine Hepburne-esque hand-knit sweaters can be spotted among floral fifties day dresses and the occasional breathtaking evening gown.
to the north, Taraba state to
I still haven't gotten any of these prints from The Black Apple. I have a perfect spot for them now so all I need is to get them and to find some fabulous frames for them to go into.
This is the tricky part! Now you have to flip it over! How firm your bannock is will be the deciding factor as to how easy this will be. I have resorted to a 2nd frying pan on occasion to flip it from one into the other, but usually I can manage to flip it without it landing on the stove top or floor! It's always and adventure! Try using 2 flippers and a 2nd set of hands if you find it is too floppy to flip with one. You can also opt to make smaller bannocks, in single serving sizes, which are much easier to flip, and not quite so much of an adventure!
His old towel - it's still got the mud stains from Friday...
talking about all things scandinavian, I loved the episode of "jamie does..." from stockholm :)) do all the bakers look like that in sweden?...
We arrived in time for dinner Wednesday evening. There was a food court in the mall attached to the hotel but every single restaurant was Asian food. We ordered two things that looked slightly familiar and both were very good. Alex still prefers his fork but I've become quite fond of the chopsticks. :)
I would like to thank Gina and Tisha for letting me participate in their blog hop. I had allot of fun and enjoyed seeing how talented these women are. If you have not stopped by their blog please do and become a follower.
The retired senior fire officer is, of course, right. And the same incident one person forgets can be the very incident that scars – literally or figuratively – another person for life.
Sometimes you come across a place in the neighborhood that is pleasant, affordable and unknown, and just right for a perfectly satisfying eating experience. I've walked past this unassuming Turkish restaurant for the past three years or so not giving it a second thought, and through a series of mishaps, ended up dining there last night.
Here’s the bad news. The combat system is generic and at times, WAY too basic. You can’t control your other party members and a lot of them are pretty worthless, meaning the only reason you recruit them is as a requirement to recruit someone ten times better later in the game. There is no real balance and while there are character classes, it doesn’t matter much as it degrades into a button masher in combat.
The government, he said, was also concerned about the rising cost of living due to the hike in global oil prices which had affected those in the lower income bracket.
6. Does every rose have a thorn or does every thorn have a rose?
Enjoy friends, good food, good beer
May 21- 3rd Saturday of our Lomography sessions. Today was supposed to be what they say our last day on earth or to simplify- “the end of the world”, past 6 o’clock in the afternoon, it is believed that these walls shall shatter and this ground to divide.. I even had my last message posted on my last post in case I wouldn’t make it. And now, I can’t help but burst into laughters (well, not actually) cause it’s already past 6 o’clock and I’m very much alive. I told you, guys!
James 1:17
Metin & Evelyn created a very cheerful pension, only 300 metres away from the Aegean Sea and a few minutes later you are in the Dilek National Park with beautiful beaches.
Why doesn’t anyone see my point of view? …I’m dealing with a whole family that wants me locked away.
Me: What? No. I do that every week.
Most people attribute these sorts of bad habits that children come by to either their father or that kid down the block who doesn't get bathed frequently enough.
About 6 months ago, I started collecting the Jetmax craft storage cubes. That was a good start, but I soon realized that they weren't going to solve all my problems. The three biggest things that needed wrangling were my ever-growing collections of ribbon, rubber stamps, and card stock. Jetmax makes a couple of units that are perfect for the card stock, but I couldn't find a suitable home for my rubber and ribbon in Jetmax. In fact, I've been looking for more than 4 years for the "perfect" ribbon storage solution, and my stamps had simply outgrown the space I had available for them. Something had to change.
What you need to do:
If you are using a serger, obviously you may only need to do one stitch. I don’t own a serger so we use the zigzag stitch and it’s worked just fine for us.
-Swim Lessons! We're going to start in January...he'll be 6 months old!
and rescued her.
Needless to say Nanny disapproves of this, Nanny's advice states that alcohol should never be given to children below the age of 15.
1055 hours of lecture
As if to reinforce the point, God spoke quite clearly to me this Sunday through the Mass readings (Ecc 1:2, 2:21-23; Col 3:1-5, 9-11; Lk 12:13-21). In case you missed it (and I hope you were there!), the theme was around the vanity and idolatry of focusing on material things. It's not that material things are bad. But when we focus on them, we are distracted from what truly matters: God.
The new series is set in India, so again lots of reading and a trip out there to walk the streets and alleyways of Varanasi. By actually being there I get a depth of realism I couldn’t get any other way.
However, there is method to the madness. Feet sweat and shoe leather absorbs the moisture. So the longevity of shoe leather is extended if shoes are allowed at least 24 hours to dry out fully before the next wearing. So men ideally need at least two pairs of shoes for work to allow for alternation. The up side of this is that your shoes will last much longer
“Not at all,” she said.
Well i have a busy family weekend planned as its my mums birthday so need to go and make the box for her card and prepare for the invasion.....lol
Our baby yorkie, Coco got an ear infection and she’s been scratching it like crazy. Back when our two chihuahuas got fixed, we came up with the idea of putting paper plates around their neck so they wont scratch the stitches. Here is the other post
We meet him still with the colony of cats at Cressida Lock but soon aware of an approaching danger worse than any they have faced before: he has to conince the cats to leave and find a new home and not all are convinced. It is a book in the fine tradition of animal stories for children and young readers and one that no cat-lover will want to miss.
I guess, when you think of it, one could feel upset by this. Some adoptees often express such perceptions. Many books, such at The Primal Wound and Journey of the Adopted Self, propose that adoptees not only have these feelings, but that they are correct perceptions, and that the adoptee may never heal from these feelings.
Our children are the exception to the rule that says "every child must be reading by the age of seven". Lots of our children can read by that age, but many don't choose to learn until the age of nine, ten or eleven and these are often the ones who attend college at sixteen and end up with the best grade in their class. (This happened to a friend of ours: she went from systematically deciphering Mr Men books to Further Education distinction in a little over four years.) Of course, they're not learning nothing before they can read, as they would be at school, because they're with their parents who can read things for them, explain things, answer questions and take part in endless one-to-one discussions about all kinds of things. That kind of education isn't wrong, it's just different - and in many ways superior to the variety that schools are forced to provide.
Succeed anyway.
The Obama campaign released its new campaign slogan Monday in a 7-minute video. The title card has simply the word “Forward” with the “O” having the familiar Obama logo from 2008. It will be played at rallies this weekend that mark the Obama re-election campaign’s official beginning.
We stayed one night at a motel while in Michigan, to visit with close friends. He loved using my goggles in the pool. A family friend then bought him his own facemask. His new school, Homeschool By the Bay, will be held in a home that has access to a pool. School starts next week, but he's been going there for the past few weeks since I started back to work. He's suddenly swimming like wild! I showed him how to use his arms more effectively and the next day he told me I had sort of taught him to swim. :^)
sheet). Basically on a sheet where you've trimmed back an edge to it's margin (grey-line)
Representatives from the-
Well, I think that’s about all for the update right now…..back to grant writing so that I can stop stressing so much….
Luckily for moi, Sarah Ellis is a lovely person, and we had a great chat about writing and indie publishing and choosing children as a target audience before we even bothered to get down to the actual submitted piece. I was pretty sure walking in that I’d given her the more polished Ebon piece to read, and was all ready to talk about possibly fleshing it out and making it more appropriate for young adult readers, rather than children. So it was kind of a happy surprise to find that I’d actually given her the first chapter or so of Ellie Skye, instead!
Now selling 8"x10" giclee prints of my most recently finished acrylic painting "Elephantess" for $15 here.
Actually, a few people did show up for the UN climate change conference in Cancún. To be precise, there were about 15,000 delegates from 194 countries. But no one of any importance bothered to come -- no leaders from the free or the un-free world. It was left to the totally daft Ted ("I'm not chased by demons") Turner to try to keep everyone from falling fast asleep and forgetting all about global warming.
Dear Pete,
I've made America's Test Kitchen's triple chocolate mousse cake various ways now - as individual cakes, a full sized cake, and one layered with strawberries - and it always turns out great. In July I made one again, this time for a goodbye lunch for a coworker who was leaving the company, and I simply decorated it with fresh raspberries.
Talks between Israel and the Palestinians ended in September after an Israeli moratorium on settlement construction in the occupied West Bank expired.
For much more grant information, as well as market info and contest listings, visit Hope's website, FundsforWriters.com.
-Les Rice
Those politicians most eager to cut the federal budget also usually urge that the government “be run more like a business.” I agree. A business in trouble can either react by cutting things like promotion, shutting plants, and laying off workers. Those ones almost always end up closed. Other business respond by taking out loans and expanding operations. They bravely invest, in anticipation of an eventual Return on Investment. These are businesses that usually persevere. Let’s apply this winning business strategy to our nation’s current woes:
My adjustment for next time is regarding frying the meat before putting it in the slow cooker. She says that it’s important to fry the ribs so you can deglaze the pan and use that liquid in the slow cooker afterwards. The pan I use is a good non-stick pan and as a result, there’s no residue, so no deglazing. The dish turned out delicious anyway, mainly because of the ingredients in the sauce and the slow cooked meat. So I am skipping the frying part – who needs the extra oil anyway?
That is our pictorial of the day and our new cowgirl outfit. I think Joy is a proper Texan now and has something I don't think I ever had, a pair of cowboy boots. Liz and I are going to take care of that detail later this week/month with our own trip to Cavenders or somewhere else to get some boots of our own!
One push and I was off.
After I came off the mountain side in Vermont, I moved into a house that came with a job of personal care attendant for an assisted living home. I had never done this before, but seemed like a great adventure to learn about really connecting with people heart to heart. I had been in sales all my life.
To reveal its blemished beauty.
We all want to know what is going on in the plant area.
"when I call you to fix my lights, please send a sparky, not an illiterate numpty who cannot speak English".
and Eddie wants to drive a hearse
My lovely friend Joanna Sheen is once again this year kindly giving her generous sponsorship to my challenge so a voucher from her is up for grabs this week... woo hoo you lucky folks. Check out her fab shop to see what exciting goodies await you should you be the winner this week.
The teas, food and space are all lovely though some items were pricey - this was the most delicious and relaxing afternoon tea we've ever had in the middle of a mall (or perhaps any cafe).
Daniel: How has it been since the release of the album?
If you would like to help support the organization where my daughter and I are volunteering, please send a check to: Cuidando Los Ninos, P.O. Box 12786, Albuquerque, NM 87195.
Tuesday 17 April
“It does give the Reserve Bank of Australia maximum room to cut interest rates if they think that is appropriate,” Mr. Swan told reporters, adding that he expected economic growth to return to its long-term trend rate above 3.0%.
I know, you've been wondering if I drowned in a pile of UFOs or scraps in my sewing room. Nah, life has just been busy (I know you can relate). Although, the state that my sewing room is in...I could have easily have fallen down and never been found again. That is a project for another day. Sometimes, when life gets like this....it does cross my mind to maybe stop blogging. But, then I think about all my kind friends who always seem to be there when I get back at it. I really do enjoy it. And then I get a sweet comment like this...."I adore these darling bags. I guess I'm afraid of zippers, but you've inspired me to take the plunge and try one. Love your blog, visit daily." from a blogger, Dianne, who I have never heard from before...and that just makes my day. I always see all the "hits" my blog gets and I always wonder who is stopping by for a visit. I love hearing from you! I also have been in "lurker" mode lately myself, so I get it. Sometimes you just want to see what is going on. I often have people leave me nice comments, but in their blogger profile, they have it set up on No Reply....so I cannot answer your question or just say hi myself or if I am having a giveaway, I can't contact the winner. Just something to keep in mind.
12 They surrounded me like bees;
Segregation
Whoa... let me catch my breath here.
There is a $20 voucher up for grabs for you to spend in Heidi’s shop – woohoooo :)
Great news for all! We no longer have to hide away our bulges or other quirks that make us self-conscious to others, because you’re other half (if they’re worth it that is!), think you’re amazing anyway.
One large leek cut into chunks (only the while parts)
When the room was bursting with his stuff I closed the door and carried the small box to the spare room where I found a place for the Toys in the Attic to set out again if only for a bit. If he smiles and his eyes widen in surprise then crinkle in memory they will be REAL.
Brothers and sisters, can I hear an “Amen” for our Happiness Engineer, MacManX? I don’t know if this WordPress Super Hero X-Man fixed the problem, but he responded to my plea for help (an email to WordPress which I opted to have included on an open forum) in record time. Bless you, MacManX.
Gorgeous WOW! Embossing powders and Stamp sets - these powders are such great quality and give you really sharp embossing - I won't use anything else now! Available in lots of Pretty colours as well as the essentials. The stamp sets are amazing value too and include sentiments, images and background stamps too.
J'adore colorier sur du kraft, donc je n'ai pas résisté et j'ai sorti mes Polychromos pour changer un peu. Tampon tout neuf (no comment...), et pour faire une image plus rectangulaire, j'ai collé des post-it sur le tampon et tamponné d'autres bulles sur la partie gauche de la carte, et voilà!
Tyler (he of the family smoke house) brought oatmeal, there were two quiches (mushroom and goat cheese, poblano and monterey jack), homemade danishes, Cara's cranberry muffins, spinach and gruyere strata, Glen's famous kugel, and a roasted sweet potato thing I put together with some pecans and pomegranate seeds and mint because of course I thought EEK! There's not going to be enough FOOD! Clearly I am a crazy person.
Security protocols do exist that account for such a secrecy. Knowing the presence of so many Dark spies in the EMF who are too eager to extract information from aspirants, Masters have devised ways to ensure that security protocols are met.
but last week, when i was preparing my latest layout "LOOK-ALIKE", it hit me - i can use any paper from my stash to create the PERFECT journalling tag! no matter if it is a dark paper, a pattern paper or a script paper - it's just a matter of using your eraser long enough to create the IDEAL label. and the best part is that your tailor-made tag will always have the right colour, exactly the shape you need and you won't worry anymore if you have the complete collection in the middle of your creativity process!
Mister Morton and the Pink Taco people took a lot of heat last year (2011) when, as part of their Cinco de Mayo promotions and celebrations, they dyed a donkey pink, wrote "Pink Taco" on both its sides, paraded it around Century City and then tied the damn thing a post outside the restaurant. Handlers say the donkey was not harmed, Mister Morton apologized to PETA and promised not to use animals in future promotions just as he promised PETA in 2007 or '08 when they cried foul after he made use of a pink donkey at the restaurant's opening.
For example, if the problem is “Should company X try to expand into market Y?”, you would need to understand the market first. You may be able to make a good guess at market trends from common sense or your knowledge of current affairs – eg. in a recession, people may not be investing in new cars, but might be treating themselves with small luxuries (such as chocolate bars!). You can discuss your assumptions with the interviewer and if you’re lucky, they may tell you that you can assume that certain markets are growing by Z% – or just let you run with your assumptions.
A bit about the Flanger – That I can think off the top of my head, this is the only effect that the actual description (flanging; to flange) does not mean a thing. It’s an entirely made up name (please don’t comment on any rude connotations you wish to add…). Apparently the story goes like this: The correct term is ‘Artificial Double Tracking’, which is fairly dull. While working in the studio, John Lennon asked producer George Martin what the effect he was using on his voice was. Martin replied “now listen, it’s very simple: we take the original image and we split it through a double-bifurcated sploshing flange with double negative feedback”. Personally, I’d like to see that on the front of my pedal… Anyway, basically, the pedal takes whatever you’re playing, makes it slightly out of tune and out of time and mixes it back with your original signal. For some reason it works and sounds great!
NAB booth #SU10412
I have picked up Dorothy Sayers, "Strong Poison." I used to love Agatha Christie's books way back in the day and I've had Sayers on the bookshelf for awhile. Sayers use of language is lovely and beautiful. I'm already intrigued. And she was an Inkling, and wrote on Classical Ed, The Lost Tools of Learning, what's not to love?
Enter wife number two for Don. Megan Draper (played by Jessica Pare — please add an accent above the e as my keyboard refuses to comply) is a stunner too, this time in brunette tresses. She is young and sexy and does a mean rendition of Zou Bisou Bisou (much to Don’s embarrassment at his 40th birthday soiree). It is a bit too sexy for public eyes, and Don Draper is a jealous man, especially now that he has Megan all to himself.
My poor blog. I think it has missed me. It gets visited often to blog stalk others, but the poor thing has been screaming for an update, so here goes,...
July: none
As for a transportation working group, he said it would be “a subcommittee of a newly-reconstituted Community Advisory Committee.” (Such a committee was established during the approval process, but hardly met. (Updated) Also, the environmental lawsuit says a required CAC was limited to representatives of the three Community Boards, the ESDC, New York City, and the Brooklyn Borough President's office and thus did not have meaningful participation.)
A Starbucks now stands in the place of the tavern.
I've been traveling, meeting new thinkers, and seeing the world from vantage points beyond my norm. So many ideas are moving in my head - think of this blog post as literally a chance to grab some of them, "tie them down" for the nanosecond it takes to write them, and see if they spark insights for you.
Don't lose faith in me, friends (I've lost another follower, 2 in 1 year!!), I will always return. No matter how long it takes! Plus, I am determined to finish organizing this weekend which means that top will get sewn. OR ELSE!
You know that you can die bitter, or die thankful. There is no in between.
Dear Life,
Here’s a before shot of the brass knobs on my son’s bathroom doors:
We try to give our worth to just about anything and everything, don't we?
Now after baking something tried and tested (nankhatai's), as my confidence grew; i thought of baking a cake. While searching for the recipe; i was looking for something healthy, with easy to find ingredients and minimal effort. And then i got this one . The recipe looked very easy and all the ingredients i did had at home. This one is a moist, sweet and healthy banana cake, and really very chocolatey one too.
Alan didn’t immediately look at it and gasp and say “Oh no he di’nt”, because in this case, the word “chink” has multiple meanings, and there’s literally only one context it would have been considered offensive. If you’re not geared to look for the epithet there, it’s very possible it just doesn’t register.
If the woman - walking down Rotherhithe Street on Christmas Day 1973 - can be found, the photographer will send her a free copy of the book.
I added Stickles to the frame and to her necklace.
I needed two questions, and I had another that was bothering me a bit. I told the channeler of the moment that there was someone who had been a close friend of mine, that we had become estranged, and that I was thinking of contacting her. I wanted to know whether that would be a good thing or whether it would only cause my friend unnecessary pain and distress. I was told that making contact would be fine and that “love would blossom” between us again. I guess if I try it we’ll see.
For today's card i've used a stamp that i bought in the Sir Stampalot sale at Xmas and thought it would be ideal for a green card and it would also suit a 'Sing' challenge, the papers are really old 'Dovecraft - Jolly Happy Christmas' and i've also dusted off a CB folder 'Allegro', then just added pearls and a sentiment to finish it off.
Since I didn’t have a strategy last time I posted I wasn’t able to post it on here, but now I can. At the beginning of this week I just started learning the basic pleasantries. But now that I’m ready to start learning a little more I sat down and mapped out what I wanted to learn. Also I realized that although the title of this blog is “Dutch in Eight Weeks” I’m actually going to be learning it in 6 weeks, as my flight departs on June 16th. So heres my Itinerary. I’m most likely going to be tweaking it a bit between now and when I finish but thats the basic idea. I just sat down and thought of the most likely situations that I would find myself in and decided to focus on those areas. I’m also going to be purchasing a copy of “Lonely Planets” Dutch Phrasebook from amazon later today. Another resource I found is on Mae’s Blog. I’ll be posting more on my progress later today.
We managed to locate our destination without a hitch, and unloaded our wine, christmas crackers and other goodies, very hot, very dusty, slightly mud spattered but otherwise none the worse for wear! Our friends live and work at the management camp that runs luxury lodges, and we had a fabulous relaxing off-duty time with them at their bush home. Real Christmas fare, and good company!
Still pulled by past negativity,
I was not impressed. I know BHF is a charity, but they still offer a service and you’ve gotta provide a good one. People can’t just sit around the house all morning waiting around on you, and if you’ve said you’re picking it up at 9 you better be there at 9 or 9:15 at the latest. Any later than that, at least have the decency to call ahead.
‘Betrayal’ by Michele Kallio
Some time passes and here is this voice again! More questions (and he was looking at ME like I was on the menu). Now … normally I would be annoyed beyond belief. But this guy was adorable. HUGE blue eyes, cute little business look and he had the sweetest smile.
I already have a tattoo on my foot of a vine w/ two roses (one bud and one bloomed), and a little blue butterfly hoovering over one of the roses... I'll maybe get to attaching a picture later ;)
She may regret it still.
Craft doesn't cover up a lack of ideas.
If Wisconsinite is for Wisconsin, what's the name for people living in Illinois?????
In another bowl, add 1 cup buttermilk, 1/3 cup milk, and 2 eggs. At this point, if you want golden raisins and/or caraway seeds, add them now. About 1 1/2 tsp of caraway seeds and 1/2 cup raisins. Whisk and add to the flour mixture. Using a fork, mix the wet into the dry until a dough begins to form. Using your hand, continue to work the dough until it pulls together and there's no more flour in the bottom of the bowl.
Back in the day when I was a kid, there was no such thing as a reality program, and there were only a few channels to choose from. Things are so much different now that I can’t help but wonder what young adults are interested in watching.
I got my first blog related ticket. So pretty much I think I have just jumped from novice blogger to hardcore blogger status.
Partly a dream episode as Angel is forced into hallucinations. Some of those dreams were pretty funny, but I wouldn’t say the entire episode worked as well as others have.
Then there are the news stories on TV about back-to-school, the article in the paper about the importance of preschool in a child’s later “academic success”, the advertisement on the bus shelter about the failure a person will be if they don’t go to university…
Husband and I went to H&R Block yesterday to get our taxes done. I can't say enough good things about the Block, they were so helpful and nice! Our taxes were a bit of a mess as I worked three different jobs last year and therefore had three w-2's (what a pain in the a*#!). Doing them on our own we calculated that we would owe Uncle Sam close to $500 but once the Block did the taxes we only owed $172. That is quite a difference!
Strangely enough I hadn’t really fancied becoming involved in this series. I’m not overly fond of going back in time and reading about earlier events once I already know what’s going to happen in the future. Plus I wasn’t sure how Victorian England would lend itself to shadow hunters, particularly from the female’s point of view – couldn’t imagine all the bustles, long skirts and stays and corsets being terribly helpful when you’re fighting a demon (or more to the point trying to run away from one!) However, I was very pleasantly surprised with the first novel – it had a steampunk feel and Victorian London really lent itself to the story with it’s foggy streets and dark alleys, it was packed with action, demons and mechanical objects with automatons playing a very large role and I enjoyed it.
He descended to the dead. On the third day he rose again.
To this person who shall remain anonymous,
“You must eat your 5-a-day. And what we obviously mean by this is three carrots a year.No, I don’t see how you could have interpreted that statement in any other way.”
I figure if I cannot make myself less of a risk, can't make myself more available, then how can I encourage anyone I really care about to put their eggs in this basket? I can't if I am to maintain any integrity as I see it.
These hills will know my feet, but not as shoes,
I had the money. I was in Hawaii. You couldn’t ask for a prettier skydiving location. It was my birthday for God’s sake. And Katie looked like she had so much fun when she went.
blown and tossed by the wind.” (James 1:5-6)
Then I tell them that the rock was actually a chocolate candy, and they think it's hilarious. I give them each a bag of chocolate rocks to bring home. I tell them that their homework is to go through the five senses, and trick their family with the chocolate rock. They love this!
But then I entered high school and began to be friends with people who didn’t live the right life at all. In fact, they didn’t even care about what the Bible said! I didn’t know how to have conversations with people who didn’t honor the word of God as perfect and authoritative. For the first time, I wasn’t ending the conversation. They were.
Brains
Another time we were picking up our room together. He was piling hangers onto the bed from the floor. He gave me a little swat. I wanted to push,see what would happen. So I began knocking them back into the floor. He waved a hanger in my face One swat for each one I pick up. I threw several around and he swatted me several times.
but it didn't darken like I thought it would.) The other side (inside the bathroom) is
Hang on. That's not a bad idea.
Brown Butter
The Garden Intrigue by Lauren Willig (audio)
"NO NEW MESSAGE"
Pass the pink glow in the dark polish please.
On Friday, once the boys were safely at school I did some very last minute packing and set off up the motorway with my Mum. It's the first time we have been away together, just the two of us, since I became a mum myself and the longest I've been away from my boys too.
RENO 911! Season Six has been filmed, so in a way your favorite dead Deputies won’t be back unless they become a ghost or whatever in Season Seven. If there would be Season Seven. Then again, they could make the whole Season Six as a huge dream.
She's punish'd for her truth, and undergoes,
Find the doggy!
City maintained their dominance immediately in the second half which eventually forced Ferguson into changing his game plan as an exhausted Park, starting his first league game since January, made way for Welbeck. Despite the team in blue continuing to outpass and outplay their opponents, Mancini reverted back to the style of play with which he made his name as Carlos Tevez made way for Nigel de Jong as the noisy neighbours looked to shut up shop. Yet it was City who were still looking the dangerous side as the ubiquitous Yaya Toure fizzed a shot wide on 72. As if the tension wasn’t palpable enough, the managers of both sides were then involved in an altercation on the sideline following a de Jong tackle, as the game continued to heat up with a series of late bookings.
We aren’t afraid at Passion City Church of being incredibly large. We’re not intimidated by the thought of, “What if x number of people come?” We’re also not afraid of being incredibly small. We just want to be a place where the presence of God rests and moves out to help this city and the cities of the world.
Never hurt them physically.
I have great admiration for the ladies that have more than three kids, and I marvel at their abilities to multitask and manage chaos. But honestly, I’m just not sure I’m up for that challenge. And isn’t the argument “if you can do (insert current number of children), you can do (add one)” just a slippery slope to the Duggars? When do you stop? At one point do you stop “doing (number)” well? My kids might one day argue that my number was
There's also another feature that I want to call the "atmosphere around the poem." I sometimes read poems by mainstream poets that seem to be perfectly fine in themselves; they express an emotion or relate an experience in clear terms, and I know what they mean. Except there's another poem surrounding that poem, a kind of invisible poem that is everything that the poet has left out. So a love poem is surrounded by all kinds of implications about how women are seen by men, about the society that accepts certain romantic tropes and ways or relating but not others, about the whole history of courtly love poetry from Wyatt to the present day, etc...
“He was still in possession of the firearm, ammunition and money.”
Sunday, April 25, 2010
in poetic
All geared up for you are 10 frames, 5 bows, 5 poinsettias, 5 ribbons, 5 tags, 3 gifts, 3 sparkles, 2 brocade ornaments, 2 candy canes, 2 gear swirl, 2 metal stars, 1 airship, 1 angel ornament, 1 believe plaque, 1 believe tree, 1 bells, 1 boot, 1 brocade swag, 1 brocade tree, 1 Christmas boy, 1 Christmas candle, 1 Christmas card, 1 Christmas cracker, 1 Christmas dove, 1 Christmas horn, 1 cupcake, 1 deco, 1 elf hat, 1 elf head, 1 elf sign, 1 garland, 1 jingle bell bird, 1 kitten, 1 letter to santa, 1 mitten mouse, 1 ornament deco, 1 partridge in a gear tree, 1 pinecones, 1 poinsettia swirl, 1 reindeer, 1 rocket sleigh, 1 Santa hat, 1 Santa moon, 1 santa's mailbox, 1 Santa's sack, 1 shooting star, 1 sled, 1 snow gear swirl, 1 snow lace, 1 snowman, 1 star swirl, 1 star tree, 1 steampunk angel, 1 steampunk elf, 1 steamy star, 1 steamy tree, 1 St. Nick, 1 stocking, 1 street clock, 1 streetlight, 1 tree topper, 1 westie, 1 winter bells, 1 wooden doll, and 1 wreath.
Ephesians chapter four is a collection of basic instructions for living a transformed life. Verse 24 speaks about ‘lying’. Let’s look at some important points we can apply to our personal journey in recovery.
1. Juicy Couture
Christ was fully submissive to God, fully obedient to God, so much so that it led Him to death. If we are to be like Christ, we, too, will be fully submissive, fully obedient even unto death.
But anyway, we’re here to talk turkey about the next book. Apparently, this is what Nikki calls a “recipe for disaster.” Do you have your chef’s hat and cooking tools? Well, here is the process of Nikki’s recipe: 4 parties. Add 2 friends and 1 crush. Divide by 1 mean girl out to RUIN Nikki. Mix well, but fingers over eyes, and cringe! And cringe you will reading this chronicle. Have you ever tried to juggle several things at once? Well, Nikki’s learning to do that in her latest story. Settled in at her new school and flanked by her new “awesome” pals Chloe and Zoey, life is somewhat looking up for young Nikki Maxwell, especially after her crush Brandon finally asked her to be his lab partner, and apparently Nikki seems a bit bothered that they’re just lab partners, and lab partners only, if you know what I mean. However, when Nikki’s ear catches school queen bee Mackenzie Hollister bragging about being taken by Brandon to the Halloween dance, a bummed-out Nikki signs up for attending a kid-oriented party with her little sister Brianna instead. (And if you’re still asking, yes, Brianna’s still afraid of the tooth fairy.) But when she finds out a tad bit too late that Mackenzie was just playing and that going the party with Brandon is still possible, and after pretty much sabotaging the first party she went to, Nikki’s caught juggling two events/parties: the Halloween dance (where she’s dressed up as Juliet to blow away Brandon, and a trash bag to blow away Chloe & Zoey) and the kids’ party (where she’s dressed up in a stinky and hot rat costume). Can Nikki find the upper hand of it all in the end, or is she a not-so-popular party girl after all?
To relax, we’ve been eating a ton of food, catching up with family, shopping, renting fun equipment for Nora, and not worrying about having an overtired, overstimulated toddler.It’s not that often that we break her routine for something fun, and a visit with her grandparents and uncles seems like a plenty good reason to break our daily rituals.
I ask Geoffrey Alderman about the evidence for his statement about declining standards. We also discuss plagiarism, cheating and the rise of essay writing services. For anyone involved in legal or other education, Professor Alderman’s discussion with me is well worth listening to. His views are robust, direct and to the point – refreshingly so.
Both tracks are available as bonus cuts on the Cd reissue of Mayall's 1968 LP "Bare Wires".
** join the peace corp **
Memento Rose Bud ink
In an understatement, Wayne county coroner James Burgess called the murder “an unusual case.”
3) Loud sounds to distract others from my independent and sassy three-year-old.
If that is the case, if - say - it was carved four thousand years ago, when the Minoan civilisation was in full swing on Crete and superbly sophisticated, does its clumsy rendering nonetheless have an inherent value?
We are now ready to raise our third wall in our temple of worship. That wall is — our purpose!
Enough friends to give you comfort.
Luckily for me my wife arrived home about the same time the call ended. This allowed her to tell me what price she listed for my sweet Camaro because if the guy I had just finished talking with had tried to hand me a check for that ridiculously low amount then drive off with my car there would have been blood.
Latency? Yeah. Horrible. I don’t know if they have satellite, or if someone(s) in the same motel is (are) downloading ALL THE PRONS!!!!!! for their private pleasure, but my latency? Yeah. Not so much.
TL
I attempted today.
Now, using the portability of your iPad, you can review the transcript, highlight, add your thoughts and share the information from one app.
Alessandra
“Are you desperate?” he whispered, a wicked smile creeping across his face.
dynamic imperialist power proves this. Workers are internationalists; we have no nation as that means merging with the class enemy. The ‘nation’ we defend is that which belongs to the working class and our demands are to expropriate and ‘socialise’ the land, all state assets so they cannot be sold, all major corporate and
I returned to the kitchen to investigate the warm Clamato Budweiser beer that had been in my purse and on the passenger seat of my car all day.
It follows her and it follows you.
Every morning when I was in elementary school, we did something called the Health Hustle—a government-mandated exercise break. It involved listening to a scratchy medley of music piped into the classroom over the PA while performing a series of simple movements —head rolls, jumping jacks, leg lifts, etc.—as demonstrated by our teachers.
And we've been out in the world with projects too! I've had a good selection of my original work framed at long last, so the work is no longer languishing in the bottoms of drawers and the backs of folders, but hanging on the walls of a local wholefood cafe!
marks the spot!
Hind Oil Explor
At the midnight hour I finished this month's Another Year of Schnibbles project - Bibelot. Sinta and Sherri are the Schnibbles divas; be sure to visit their blogs to view the March parade of Schnibbles. Always so many yummy finishes.
Nor for nought so hight I;
Prep work the night before: Soak rice
Part-Time (up to 22.5 Hours/Wk) Job Options Program
"clashing symbols;" an address printed on the cover different from the one inside the book, "slithers of ice;" a country's Latin motto incorrectly translated; "sight" for "site;" "I sunk into a chair;" "pour over their relationship;" "the baby laid in her buggy" and a definition of "déjà vu" so bizarre that one can only assume neither the writer nor editor knew what it means.
"High Ho, High Ho, now off to work we go." Now are you singing it?
I lept too far outside the line
The junior had earlier established a Socon mark with 218 consecutive passes without an interception before throwing a pick against Georgia Southern. Interestingly, Riddle is also serving as Elon’s punter this season.
His passing was by all accounts an accident, but details are very few.
4 year online celebration a little bit sweeter.
Bankroll Management III + Test
Miriam Black knows when you will die. She’s foreseen hundreds of car crashes, heart attacks, strokes, and suicides.
Okay, perhaps there are no unchanged costumes handed down in style and form from 500 or 1000 years ago. What I want to achieve is a return, so to speak, to what SCA folks might call *period* materials.
…”Throw your net on the right side of the boat and you will find some.” – John 21:6a
This is the day of the traditional coffee ceremony at the Gladney care center. It's when her caregivers tell her bye and give her a gift. We knew the other Gladney family in town had Embassy, so the ceremony wouldn't be until around 10. Since we were up early, we got ready for the day anyway. Around 9:00, our driver Yoftahaye, pulled up to the guest house. He came in and said "Hurry! You have birth mother meeting! They're waiting on us!"
Yea, I know...she turned three in August but we have been super duper busy. Shortly after I started working about 80 hrs a week between student teaching and my actual work. Now that my grants and stuff has finally come through I am not concerned with making a full paycheck and can relax. So here are some of the pics that we took at Emily's birthday. It was a great day, not too hot and not too cold. She decided that she wanted a Rapunzel party and since Hank thinks that I am trying to live vicariously through my child to have a good birthday, she got exactly that.
If a middle-of-nowhere, central Nevada lifestyle is what you crave, you may not do better than this Public Affairs Specialist post with the Bureau of Land Management in wonderful Winnemucca, NV – $47k-$89k – job ID: NV-DEU-2012-0101 – apply by May 18
Is there another character who deserves a mention? Sweet little Crow, who is one talented young girl. But my favourite character is Edie - such a nerd, and puts her foot in it, but like Nnnie she has a big heart and does all she can for Crow, which Jenny can't always do as she's away so much.
And of course, so did he. So they decide to marry, refusing to accept their blatant differences.
shuttle service tirelessly,
Been frustrated with my job
Have the ladies won over in converting our 'real men' into Glampers? :) I'd love to know what your think, or perhaps you have converted your man, or maybe you too love the outback roughness with burrs in your back, and the creepie crawlers in the night.
Chapter 3. The Jelly Gobbers
Pour over batter.
Joe’s wife walked over to the snack bar where I was sitting. She was slightly annoyed. Joe had flirted with the saleslady AND bought her damn lotion. Joe came bopping over moments later with a frilly bag dangling from his chaffed, cowboy hand.
Nov 23 Norwich UEA
Friday–On Fridays, I get an email from The Produce Box letting me know what is in the various boxes for the next week. I usually go ahead and order my box on Friday and, based on what is going to be in my box, I tweak my menu and make a shopping list of the remaining items I will need. Since what I get in my Produce Box is similar to what is available in the market, there aren’t usually surprises here.
Ready for this...
Following a four day intensive course in aerial harness dance, I met my dear friend Nicola at Gatwick airport and flew to Knock. Another friend drove us back to Nic's current residence - a beautiful little yoga studio retreat type affair, with hot tub, sauna, amazing views etc - and we settled in for some serious relaxing. Whereupon, I was promptly stuck down with sciatica.
Jolly Pumpkin Calablaza Blanca
Imogen: Do you know what Mummy? On St. Patrick's Day we want to have happy eyebrows that go up, not grumpy eyebrows that go down.
well...cause i know that if he forgets ...he will feel really guilty.
Herman Cain is the name and I’m running for Pres-i-dent
For those of you who may not need the e-design services but would still like to help spread the word on your blog; I am offering one beautiful "jvw home" pillow cover with a down insert, as a way to say THANK YOU! Quantities, sizes, and patterns are limited so please indicate your color preference when you post a comment with the link to your blog.
I will be around, I'm not going anywhere. (:
Happy New Year from someone born under the Chinese Calendar animal...
While these are my only "official" services, I am willing to help with whatever needs to be done. So if there's something internet-related that you just keep putting off and would like someone to do, please email me! Chances are I am more than willing to help.
Rating: Very Good ****
In the meantime, here is a video Jason took two weeks ago of Sam trying to figure how to grab things. Enjoy!
The main paid consultant was Shabnam Merchant, one of the three trustees, was paid $33,000, without benefits, to work on fundraising, volunteer coordination, and community outreach. (Merchant and Goldstein, who met during the AY fight, were married nearly four years after it began, in 2007.)
Resident Evil: The Umbrella Chronicles
And so, when I baked a blue gradient cake for my hubby’s 31st birthday then it was not long before it was named the “Smurf Cake”. This blue gradient cake was loved by adults and kids alike for its colour and arbitrariness. I covered it in a dark chocolate butter icing, often found on my husband’s fingers when I turn my back to ice a cupcake.
Conte Candoli - Trumpet
I am always willing to learn and I am always willing to change my mind. Two excellent books to read on the JFK assassination are 1) LBJ: Mastermind of JFK’s Assassination (2010) by Phillip Nelson http://www.lbj-themastermind.com// and 2) JFK and the Unspeakable: Why He Died and Why it Matters (2008) by James Douglass. Review:http://www.ctka.net/2008/jfk_unspeakable.html Another important review of Douglass:http://bigpeace.com/dladams/2010/12/18/so-alone-jfk-and-the-unspeakable/
My complicated answer: Social Anxiety Disorder differs from shyness in the same way that being kind of neurotic about some things differs from OCD. In order to even be defined as a mental disorder, a person’s experience has to include symptoms that impact every day life and are distressful (to themselves, or others) and that have lasted for over 6 months.
SO, as Steve Tyler of Aerosmith once sang
We were hanging out in Minnie's magical little PINK house.
The great supports of the internet for our life is very clear because the internet have many kinds information supports as well as communication supports which becomes great need for modern human society. The need of internet for modern society can be more and more including the need of Unlimited SMTP Server which can cover the need of receiving email which is huge enough especially for the organization need with large traffic for sure. On the other side, getting unlimited smtp account for personal use sometimes will not useful.
The Reception
after the vacuum cleaner crawls across it,
Also good: RED love, Mane Migoto, Never End
My style of scrapbooking usually depends on the photos that I wanted to scrap. What kind of feeling/story I wanted to portray through my layouts.
Glitch - 62
There has also been a run of surprising or aggressive outbursts from those around us. Sudden irrational behaviour and attacks that seemed to come right out of left field and knock you flat. I even heard a Hay House author mention recently that a father had squared up to him in his son’s playground baiting him into a fight over an innocent comment. This could be the solar activity which has been busy this past month. This can churn up what I see as dark red energy in peoples’ pain bodies. It is pure survival instinct helplessness and it tends to shows up as anger and is often to do with the ego terrified of its own demise.
Sometimes when I am thinking about my life (what I want it to look like, what I want out of it, who I want in it) I get side tracked and end up trying to recall what I was doing at this time a year ago. I like to compare my current self with my past self and try to find the ways in which I’ve grown and the ways in which I haven’t. I’m not the type to have a traditional handwriting kind of journal; I have made many attempts to keep one, but I always seem to lose interest. Fortunately, with the Internet’s many social media sites, I can still look at myself going back more than 5 years.
And what about these yummy Grilled Ham & Cheese Waffle Sandwiches from Everyday with Rachael Ray? Sounds like a great meal when you have breakfast for dinner, one of our favorite things to do! Looks pretty delicious, right?
I won’t tell you who wins. You’ll have to figure that one out by seeing the movie. There is a unique twist, one you wouldn’t expect.
It took about 2 years to develop a mold for this bottle. We spanned the globe and no one would even try to do it. You have to understand no bottle company had ever done anything like this before so some of them didn’t even know where to start. As it turned out Bruni Glass was up for the challenge and after about 18 months or so and several attempts Bruni got it right.
Wow! Here’s an excerpt from the “2012 Timeline on the Road to RootaA” article:
The unfunded liability climbed 13 percent to $64.5 billion as of June 30, according to a report from actuaries released today. The system had about 69 percent of assets needed to cover promises to current and future retirees at the end of fiscal 2011, down from about 71 percent a year earlier.
For many years, starting back when I was in grad school through when the girls were small, I kept a gratitude journal. I loved the practice of remembering to be grateful for the little things and taking note of it all. It was an important process for me, and it helped to change my overall perspective of the world from a negative one to a much more positive view. I have gotten out of the habit of writing regularly in a physical journal, although it does still exist on my bedside stand. I have decided that I want to try keeping a gratitude journal on a weekly basis on our blog. I firmly believe that remembering to keep an attitude of gratitude is vitally important to happiness!
One of them gave a reference that indicated the girl was a Kurd, so I followed it to a short English report that did say that, and then a reference from there to the story in what I think is the small local paper, Nibelungen-Kurier, which interviewed the girl and her mother at the hospital.
The Magnolia, I scanned, loaded into the Silhouette software, printed and finally cut the silhouette of a shaded border around it. It's a bit of work but I have a very nice tight edge cut and no need a scissors.
Enjoy your week...
All I had to do was get her to look at them. For just a moment. And I knew that would lead to her looking at them more. “I like the yellow ones the most, I think.” And that worked. She looked at the flowers.
Some recent adventures captured via instagram ...
That’s where my hero comes into the picture. It was 10:50 pm last night when I desperately emailed my always very helpful blogging friend, Gary, to see if he could help me with my blogging emergency. Within seconds he replied, telling me to call him. I felt really bad calling him so late at night, but he didn’t mind at all. He talked me through resizing my images to a more appropriate size for the internet and also how to delete the large images from my old posts and reinsert smaller versions. This way I can gain back my free space.
I’m pleased to say though, that my feet have vastly improved over the last couple of years. I actually quite like them now, and cracked heels are definitely a thing of the past. And the product that has saved them? Soap & Glory Heel Genius- the best foot cream on the market, and the product that gets generously applied in this last stage of the bed time routine.
I am technically 36 weeks on Saturday, but on Tuesday I had my 35 week appointment. The great news is that she's head down and in the right position! I was so relieved to hear that. Everything else was normal. I opted to do the Strep B screen (it's optional here), and should have results in a few days.
Granted, the above studies were done in the 90's. But as TEW notes, Florida raised the MW in 2005 with no negligible effect on jobs. When Michael Sasso asked David Denslow, research economist at the University of Florida's Bureau of Economic and Business Research (an opponent of MW increases) Sasso quoted him saying, "I think it's really quite clear that the effect of the minimum wage is quite small"
Other: Simply Scored, Marina Mist Taffeta Ribbon, Basic Rhinestones
Perhaps back in the day women did self medicate with alcohol. Again, a subject for the neighbors to gossip about. On the other hand....if there was one drug that I could take to make me feel normal and happy...I would probably take it. But shouldn't I be able to trust God and my own mind to "fix" my feelings? Am I allowing my feelings to take over my brain and heart?
Tips :——-
She was disappointed when she learned the ultra-fast folding technique wasn't actually practical.
Then the crowd said to Him, “Lord, You must always give us this bread.” And He answered them, “I AM the Bread of Life: the one who comes to Me would not hunger, and the one who believes in Me will not ever thirst. But I have said to You that you have seen Me and you do not believe.” They still did not trust Him and He knew it. They refused to trust Him with their sin.
Queen of singing, Lullabye for a diadem.
There’s no wit, charm or humor. There’s no satire or bite. I kept wondering, what would Billy Wilder have done with this?
As of yesterday, this posting has more comments than any other article on this blog. And, the comments are relevant and insightful. Thanks!
She doesn't have single links to items so allow me to paste the entire thing in here. I have detested BofA for YEARS. I only bank with our local small bank that took no part in any bailout. Find your local banker and get with them.
I’m already well aware of this issue. I write books for children which are set in the here-and –now. I write about mischievous, curious characters having everyday adventures. And what a lot of problems that gives me with the action, in today’s constrained world.
7But if the man says he will not take his brother’s wife, then let the wife go to the responsible men of the town, and say, My husband’s brother will not keep his brother’s name living in Israel; he will not do what it is right for a husband’s brother to do.
It is said, “In troubled times, the fearful and naïve are always drawn to charismatic radicals.” Good radicals have charisma and they are intelligent rather than stupid. They plot well and they manipulate people well and they know exactly what they are doing. Nothing they do or say is by mistake even though it might look that way. Everything is on purpose going according to plan. Sadly, the masses fall for them and their slick talk because they fear them and because they are naïve. The masses look for a savior and anyone with charisma and power fits the role. Anyone! That’s exactly what we have going on in America today. We are a fearful and naïve society and we have fallen for the charismatic radicals in our midst. We, in short, have become an ignorant society and we are now paving the way for our own demise and destruction in this country.
The child was eleven years old. She promised to demand that her parents help her to procure a library card as soon as she went home, and I'm pleased to say she got it. I felt as if I'd run a marathon and won it twice.
_Alisa Weilerstein, 29, New York. Cellist who performs traditional and contemporary music.
Seniors are working hard on their Durable Presence Projects. The room came down in our building! Plants are beginning to come to campus and we are prepping for a big planting next week.
So far, I don’t like these characters but so far I don’t think I’m supposed to like them. I believe Andrew Seaward (the author) has deliberately written them to be unlikable up to this point. I am expecting to see major character development and transformation in the coming chapters as the characters are confronted with the reality of their addictions, the consequences of their actions, and their options for the future.
Yet this is not true for conservatives. One would have to grow up in a silent monastery not to be regularly exposed to liberal and leftist ideas.
I have been doing as well as I can be I ran a fever a few days in a row and the doc. kinda was worried but, we can not find the cause of it and it has gone away now.
Both posts are worth reading, as they continue to provide irrefutable evidence of a link between economic conditions and election results in the US. Moreover, the question of which economic conditions matter most is of both academic and pragmatic interest. Whether it is actually possible to study this in an empirically satisfying matter when limiting oneself to US presidential elections, however, remains an open question. As Silver notes:
"Please?"
Martin Kettle wrote in the Guardian that Miliband's speech "adds up to an attempt to reclaim social democracy as Labour's core route-finding principle".
These buildings were put together in about 2 hours with no problems. The MDF they are made out of is not something I've seen before, but it is sturdy, flat, has a slight texture (almost like paper pulp) and cut with precision to fit almost seamless. The doors bases and frames are made from a type of plywood.
They are namely:
That Roberts, like the Group of 88, considered it “heartening” to see protesters blanket the campus with “wanted” posters or carry enormous “castrate” signs speaks volumes as to her values. Roberts has never retracted or amended her praise for the potbangers.
So, sounds fun! Believe me it is. I’ve seen Flyball competitions and exhibitions here in Denver and I’ve always found them intriguing. Dogs of all types, ages, and sizes can participate. The dogs are highly excited and ready to go from the moment they arrive.
The words we speak minister or impart something to those who hear it. If we can minister grace, then we can minister, guilt, joy, hate, etc. Our words have powerful influence. Have you ever been discouraged or feeling depressed and turned on the television to a comedy show and noticed that as soon as you begin to laugh, the depression lifts? The situation hasn’t changed; you have. The things you are hearing and watching have ministered something to you. Words can make you feel as valuable as a million bucks or as worthless as a screen door on a submarine!
1. Get to a toilet. This is the easiest for all involved in the process, mainly me. It’s pretty simple to flush a toilet. It also eliminates the much dreaded “sympathy puke”. That happens when I’m cleaning up your puke and my stomach and nose revolt.
In our previous post, Using Online Promoter™ Score to Measure Social Media Effectiveness, we looked at various social media metrics. In this post, we suggest that emphasizing Return On Engagement (ROE) rather than ROI may be appropriate for social media, especially inside the enterprise.
He even went as far as lying to Emma, saying he broke up with his new girlfriend, to try and trick me. He said I wouldn’t stop getting involved in his life, so he had to lie. (Insert extreme sarcastic tone here) Yeah, that’s entirely factual. (end sarcasm) And for the record, I , in no way, got involved with him and his girlfriend, except when it came to my daughter and those red flags I mentioned earlier. I had every right, as a parent, to be concerned for my child’s safety.
All three books. Once you get to the end of the first one, you will want to read the rest.
Note: Some of these are new powers, others are simply existing Powers with new Trappings. This is especially true for the Psionic powers.
You can play with two pencils for hours, pretending they are people with their own little lives
Erewhile to land-sharers.
It’s easy, as a writer fully invested in your own fantasy world, to forget how boring exposition is. We sort of expect
I told Kaylee this story and continued to answer questions about abortion and teen pregnancy. We talked about the show that she's seen at friend's houses that is a reality show about teen pregnancy and mothers. I told her, as I have many times, that sex between a man and a woman as ordained by God in the holy union of matrimony is a beautiful gift to be enjoyed and relished, but, outside of matrimony, either premarital or extramarital, is simply dangerous. We talked about many other topics that day.
At first, fall doesn't sound very fun. But then you realize just how many fun things you can do and wear in fall that you wouldn't in summer. Also you get to see all the new trends emerging and restocking your closet to try and match the magazine ads. My favorite trends for fall are beanies, over sized trench coats, ripped and patterned black tights, dorky glasses, and animal accessories (animal hats, masks, ears fun fun fun!)
The L’Oreal Infallible lipsticks apply very smoothly with a creamy consistency – they don’t drag or feel thick, which I find the Smashbox lipstick to be. You can very easily rub your lips together without feeling much resistance. They don’t dry my lips out, despite my having notoriously dry and flaky lips. Granted, I never apply lipstick when my lips are in the flaky stage, but nor do I need to apply lip balm before the application of the Infallible lipsticks. I generally do not apply lip balm prior to lipstick application unless my lips are very dry and yet the occasion absolutely calls for lipstick.
I wanted to write a quick follow-up post on what to do after you have built your new koi pond as far as keeping the water clear and getting it ready for fish. In my last post on this topic, I got you right up to the point of filling your pond with water. You may be asking yourself, now what? Well it is really quite simple.
Leaves of Green - a dark olive-y green taken from the darker leaf - 108.105.0
The “legality” of such a move would be rubber-stamped by the Attorney General whose regard for the Constitution and laws of the nation is dubious at best, elastic at worst. The President’s views about the Constitution are well known and he resents the limits it puts on his powers.
Patricia Crisafulli is a writer and published author of two non-fiction
perpetually arousing,
it means it is cooked)
“That’s silly,” I said. “Animals are smelly. Who would want to take care of animals?” But Mom shot me The Look, and I fell quiet.
Here is the other Opening Day card that caught my eye. I think Billingsley has the 2012 lead for the most parallels in my collection. He's still the same up-and-down pitcher though. Being outshined on his own staff by a couple of "old dudes."
What should happen in Christchurch? In each of the cases mentioned, the church, often with the help of a wider community, endeavoured to keep part of the old while restoring or building anew. Where destruction was most complete – Dresden – a faithful replica was built, incorporating the sadly few remnants, in what might be described as a typically Teutonic exercise of vigorous communal will.
I did, for a while, belong to the church going Christian community and though I am still crazy passionate about God.
Any dream is possible inside here, to hell with the past and you can go fuck your fate.
OK, so this is supposed to be about getting a girlfriend fast……however, a common problem for single men (and indeed women) is that they are in way too much of a rush to find ‘the one’ because they are fed up with the dating game. They can then end up having a ‘quick-fix’ affair, which can lead to disappointment – and often heartache – on both sides.
25. What do you normally eat for a meal?
75 g strawberries, cut into quarters or small pieces
Though workers were preparing to resurface the 1 1/4-mile pathway around the reservoir just before the damage was discovered, the repairs to the defective basin walls “require that we postpone laying asphalt until this spring,” the statement noted. As a result, the first phase of the project will likely be completed by the summer of 2012; originally, it was projected that work would be finished by the spring.
Then they list things the father may be experiencing. And as I read through these lists, I really didn’t feel that I was experiencing most of the things they said I’d be experiencing. I kind of felt that I’m not the audience for this book. It’s probably not intended for the dad-to-be who goes out and creates a blog.
It feels more like a small bar with the option of eats in this narrow terrace. Seating is on stools around modest tables, with the menu chalked onto the blackboard on the wall. A wall of wine bottles is grouped by region labelled with Scrabble tiles. There's a little more seating in a small room upstairs.
“Burning Man is an annual arts festival whose attractions include colossal art installations, all-night dance parties, marathon kite-flying sessions, off-kilter fashion shows, and classes where revelers can learn things that range from Hula Hooping to playing the ukulele to making absinthe.”
His Highness, As we conclude, repeating what we opened its thanks and gratitude, we would like to emphasize that the time in Syria today is one of the blood, and our enemy is not full of blood of the Syrians also did not miss a moment for the sake of Svkha, supported extending the Russian unprecedented arsenal of Iranian and extreme positions.
Me- Blank stare. I don't know.
The government’s offer eventually went up to $13,000, but she still didn’t accept. She refused to sign the papers and is locked in a court battle with the government over the quarter acre it took from her.
Well, I'm so sick of this gradual slide into silly bottle sizes, that I can see myself actively avoiding these beers in future to spare myself both that sense of disappointment as well as the suspicion that I'm paying more money for less beer and therefore being ripped off.
She's standing there for 5 minutes when a guy pulls up and asks, "How much?"
Tropical Dando made landfall in Mozambique this weekend, according to the United Kingdom’s Met Office, Dando is the first tropical cyclone to make landfall in that area of Mozambique since 1984, when Tropical Storm Domoina came ashore.
I put it against the back wall of the cupboard. Flipped it upside down and stacked up my spices.
as lacking a worth ethic
We'll see how well this week went on Saturday's weight in at WW (weight watchers).
Kaisercraft Script Clear Stamp
trodden down as an enemy that I might be welcomed as a friend,
Andi decides to turn it into a caption competition, not thinking ANYONE would want to win them.
Added to this, the idea of Apartheid was really only rational when applied to blacks and whites. There were of course many ethnic groups in South Africa that did not neatly fit those two basic categories, and these were allowed to fall by the wayside. This was the greatest tragedy of Apartheid, in the eyes of this author. Indians, "Coloureds", and other minorities were dragged into a system they should never have been made a part of. One cannot help wonder
Paul Giguere, president and CEO of CT-N, recently did a side-by-side comparison of public affairs programs on U-verse and cable TV in a town in Michigan. (The comparison can be seen at www.compare.ct-n.com.)
Fresh air!
BALD heads forgetful of their sins,
The first is that much of our following did not show up, the following we had built since Crime and Punishment who came from all over the region and were people who did not normally come to theatre. We had appreciated this group because we realized that they were the kind of people theaters are always clamoring for — new theatre goers, the next generation. But, for the most part, they did not come out, which resulted in lower houses than we had seen in years. Were they broke? Did the material not interest them? Was it just bad timing? We don’t have the answers, but it is both disturbing and sad for us as a company.
Lee, Stan ( interview) “Stan Lee’s Soapbox”. 2005. Beuna Vista Home Entertainment.
Mommy: If I see a big black dog Mommy can point it out to you.
A couple of months ago I was told to watch Food Inc. I was warned that it would have an effect on me. Nah, not me. I am strong-willed and not easily influenced. Boy was I WRONG! I am convinced that the a lot of health problems humans suffer are a direct result of diet you consume. Another one to watch is forks over knives. It really opens your eyes to how and where our food originates. Chickens, cows, and pigs are treated and fed horribly. Caged without room to sit, stacked on each other, covered in their own waste and fed antibiotics and even fed other animals. I am not saying to give up meat, but be conscious of where your food source is coming from. Support free range and organic. Free range is when the animals are allowed to roam free, without cages. Organic is no pesticides, no growth hormones, no chemicals. Yes shopping and buying these products can be more pricey, but in the end you may be saving yourself from hefty medical bills later. After all, you only get one body. You should think of it as a high class, high efficiency automobile. Those vehicles take high grade for a reason. You should only service and fill up your body with high grade product.
Even now, when you’re so far away, with our days of laughter, we miss,
Do not let bitterness take root in you! Hebrews 12:15 – Look after each other so that none of you fails to receive the grace of God. Watch out that no poisonous root of bitterness grows up to trouble you, corrupting many. We see here that bitterness in us will corrupt many others. Let me ask you – are you a corrosive and toxic person? Are you so full of bitterness that you are spewing your corrosive junk over others? I challenge you to look closely at your life and see if bitterness is in you and spewing on others.
Do you want to be the next Month-Long Guest Designer with the Shabby Girls? It's as simple as participating in our weekly challenges and WOW-ing us with your projects! The Shabby Girls might be calling on YOU to be the next Month-Long Guest Designer!!!
1 can no salt crushed tomatoes
To no
And now, here's a little inspiration from the Mojo Designers to get you started:
We have been wanting to do this for years but never seem to have the time so today was the day!! It seems like today was the day for quite a lot of other people as well.... the ferry was so busy that instead of running it every hour they were running it continuously. The weather was just fantastic - sunny, warm but not too hot with the loveliest sea breeze! Almost too blowy on one side of the island!!
Boop Mr. Linky to check it out .
Nomination 3: Harpoon IPA.
The ability to play music from my blackberry curve works great at work as it’s just in one ear, and to me it’s like having background music. I don’t even have to turn it off when a co-worker starts to talk to me.
I started papercrafting when our oldest son was born, with the intention of making him a scrapbook album of his first years. But then I discovered card/tagmaking, and this has led to a lot of cards and tags and very few LOs.. My greatest inspiration comes from Tim Holtz – the wizard of papercrafting. I absoulutely adore his products and techniques, as you can see in my blog http://kreativesiv.blogspot..com . Hope you’ll stop by my place sometime! I look forward working on the team and seeing what you all come up with in the SGC’s challenges!
1 honestly
Interestingly, or rather not surprisingly, the one area of research which was not included in analysing possible reasons to bee colony collapse was examining the impact the use of pesticides have on the bee populations. Although, it has to be noted that the research did look into a number factors, including fungal infections to changes in climate.
to free oneself of too many things!
to discipline and punish your spontaneous urges?
The aforementioned forest favourites are currently covered in scrapes, grazes, bruises and cuts. The reasons for this are many and varied when looked at in detail, but if I paint you a picture with a wallpapering brush, it quickly reveals work-related incidents.
Script: Mari Okada (Toradora!, GoSick, Fractale, Hanasaku Iroha)
Moon turned his attention away from the mad Jack Russell and back to the regal greyhound.
one-sentence summary. I prefer to see a one-sentence
I HATE being weak.
Maybe it was something else with Junior Seau, maybe it is never just one thing. But now he is dead, at the age of 43. Another ex-football player shooting himself dead with his own gun. After all the cheering, in all the great stadiums of his sport, after being as big a star as there has ever been in San Diego, the last sound is the gun going off.
Lip Balm ( Chap Sticks)
Through the pines
This lovely yellow floral wedding thank you favor tote bag just glows with the joy of the occasion. It is decorated with bouquets of daffodils, narcissus and white lilacs set on a sunny golden yellow gradient and trimmed in green. The text can be customized to suit your special occasion.
Mobile journalism to me means giving the world the most up to the minute information on whats going on. Whether your covering a news story, at a baseball game or even a breaking news event happening in your eyes. It’s a great thing to share.
Going by a “Green” theme this week.
He was here.
May your claws slash like swords in battle!
After a dinner that actually was eaten without any complaints about the quality, quantity, or preparation of the food, the three ambulatory members of the tribe skittered back out into the yard to run off their meal and desserts. Baby Guy decided to check out the toys that reside in the bottom of the entertainment center, and happened upon the toy that has been all four of their favorite at the age of ten months –the animal wheel. He was smiling and laughing, spinning the wheel as fast as it would go, then stopping it himself to see what animal noise would issue forth, even trying to imitate some of them. While his siblings were exploring a world with broader boundaries than his, he seized the opportunity to investigate the possibilities of one single toy, without worrying that anyone would try to “help” him with it. He passed a very giggly half hour indeed, and I laughed right along with him — and imitated the animal sounds, too. The Lord God made them all, you know, and it’s fun to spend a little time appreciating His handiwork with a baby.
Chef Marchetti prepping up before the session
There has been about one farm attack per day in SA since President Jacob Zuma’s state of the nation address on February 10, the Christian Democratic Party said.
Now to tie it into art. Somehow. Is it art? Is this new way of communication art? How the faces are created? In a way, I think it might not necessarily be an art, but a new way of appreciating arts. There are plenty of these that have been taken from photos, paintings, films, and animation- and recreated to mean something else. So while this isn’t a new form of art itself, it can be argued to be a new form of art appreciation.
It was IMX that organised the two-day conference You Are In Control, held prior to Airwaves at the Saga Hotel, which brought together an international assembly of industry moguls, keynote speakers and local musicians in Reykjavik.
Why? Because you’re not just savouring the best fresh pasta, made in the restaurant that day. You’re not simply tasting our own brand of fine olive oil, drizzled over the perfect pizza crust or cured meats and hams. You’re enjoying the culture of real Italian cooking. Cooking that Italian families have shared with passion and joy for centuries.
3. Stuart Weitzman Papoose Ankle Booties - These boots need to go out dancing. The wickedly high heel and ankle cut styling will show off your legs perfectly while the stretch material detailing provides ultimate comfort and a flexible fit.
I’ll visit the shop once or twice every 2-3 months and they always, ALWAYS have new ear rings on display!!
Losing is hard.
they're hitting the old (except via a specific bookmark), they'll be
-I thought it was good, the horse got to have some freedom and do what it wanted.
Sate Pusut
Neither is it going to aid the Anwar Ibrahim-led opposition pact which is perceived to be an “integral” part of the Bersih coalition.
Well here is the first review I have ever written with the help of Baby Z :)
This is my go-to chicken nugget recipe for play dates, parties, snack time and easy dinners. If you keep Panko breadcrumbs on hand, you probably have everything you need to make these in a pinch. If I'm serving them for a group, I like to provide ketchup, honey, barbecue sauce and honey mustard for dipping. Kids (and most adults, right?) love dipping sauces, so they're a must to have on hand.
I left the appointment practically in tears (which came when I started relaying all the information to Jared). Daniel continued on with his nap, blissfully unaware of the sadness his mother was feeling about how much he is missing out on. We have to start ear drops again, and go see the ENT again (shall we arrange for a standing appointment?), and some other stuff.
The reason why I actually chose European beech over some fancy exotic woods was not only the convincing environmental aspect of it but also the fact that with its warm simplicity it lets the striking colour combination of copper, black and chrome really shine.
The fact that Pakistan is a rogue basket case of a nation that actively supports terrorism (the Mumbai Attacks and the British 7/7 bombings are just two examples) and engages in a nice sideline of illegal nuclear proliferation to people like Iran and North Korea is also not exactly unknown to the United States. This isn't new information. That's exactly why we couldn't trust the Pakistanis with our knowledge that Osama bin-Laden had been hiding out in fancy digs with right to the Pakistani Military Academy in Abbotobad for six years, why Pakistan arrested five Pakistani informants who helped the CIA find out where Osama bin-Laden was hiding out and imprisoned them on charges of espionage and why almost every time we've let them know drone attacks are imminent the terrorists have safely moved away and we end up bombing an empty building.
There were several more, but those are some of the more interesting highlights.
One had to stare at it,
Deeply inspired to allow viability
When in parallel mode, however, it got ugly. I kept hitting wierd ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsExceptions whenever I ran it, and quickly gave up trying to fix it (I have other work to do too…). I revisited it again today, as part of the prep for the next release of the plugin and realised I’d been cavalier with my thread management.
Oh, I do hope that someone else will see the puppy and will be deemed suitable to give it a good home before we do. I am trying to put on my rational head; the one that ticks off on the fingers the following very sensible points: 1) Cost; 2) Time; 3) Space; 4) Training; 5) Age; 6) Running a B&B . . . and the list carries on. The last time I had a pup was when Zack came to us as a bouncy and mischievous 8-month old. He is now more sedate being 3 years older, although he still literally bounces about like Tigger in the Winnie the Pooh stories oftentimes. Of course the dogs are not allowed in the B&B rooms, but keeping a guest house must surely become more complicated by having three dogs!
I was still in bed.
Honoring those loved ones that have passed on?
**Explanation**
January 28, 2012
If you haven't heard of re-usable lids they are made by Tattler and supposedly you can use them over and over rather than having to throw them out after each use like the metal ones. I've been wanting to try them out for awhile because no matter how many lids I store, I'll eventually run out. Re-usable ones seem like a smarter way to go.
Professor : Where does Satan come from ?
1235 **D-III/6/1996. “Curriculum Reform Revisited.” Memorandum to the Faculty, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1997(9), above, pp. 134-38.)
almost lost
On her website she notes that the house had no bathroom either, "which was fortunate because it meant that Jeanette could read her books by flashlight in the outside toilet. Reading was not much approved unless it was the Bible."
A – ‘Recycling Communities’
3/4 cup (2 1/4 oz) sweetened shredded coconut, toasted until golden and crisp
No matter how tough a medical operation is, doctors will still certainly be able to give a rough estimate of how long it will take before his/her patient is able to have full recovery. They can’t just say “Ms Arroyo, you will soon recover. Gagaling ka rin. Just wait for it to happen.” That’s stupid. And yes, a person who has been supposedly numbed by medications will not be able to withstand the physical rigors of visiting five countries in two (or maybe three, US included) continents, logically peaking.
because I am chased by a lover
As Finn's hike takes her further into the woods, she happens along some scat and tracks from a variety of woodland creatures.
HENRY JAGLOM: That little girl is my daughter actually. She's been acting for a while. She's done a few of my movies. She wants to be a director too. She's in her freshman year at film school right now actually.
A concentration of authentic mom & pop restaurants serving sushi, teriyaki, ramen, udon etc. for an affordable price, next to gift & clothing shops. There's also a Pinkberry up there, I believe, for dessert!
How has being published changed your life?
Visible star
9/11 Tuscaloosa, AL- Tuscaloosa Amphitheater
Men called us serfs and drudges; men knew that we were men.
Where personally do I go now? As I said, I have more internal debates than an outwardly sane person should admit. For over three years now I have been looking for an army – an army to take on the anti-Americans, the Communists, the statists, the outright criminals running our government. An army of citizens fiercely devoted to liberty and the founding principles of America. One rose up three years ago but slowly faded away. As I looked around the room last night, I saw a lot of faces I recognized from the past, from the ghost army that either became dispirited or no longer believed in the message. So this is where you all went….
1. if i can afford cabernet, i don't want it, as a general rule. it's going to be too tannic
To begin with, my mère came to visit me for Christmas! We had a wonderful time traipsing around Paris and Bordeaux. It was really nice and comforting to see her, especially for the holidays. Living so far away can be hard sometimes, so being able to spend time with my mom was awesome. She arrived in Paris, so I met her there and we spent a few days soaking in the beauty of Paris at Christmas time. I also made a new Parisian friend :) and I got to ride on the back of his motorcycle !!! That has been one of my French cliché dreams for so long, and it was finally fulfilled. Besides my girly dreams coming true, my mom and I did lots of fun things in Paris. We ate at really nice restaurants, saw the Eiffel Tower at night, visited the Musée Rodin AND the Musée D'Orsay, and re-visited the Notre Dame (one of my favorite sights). We were very tourist-y looking, but I had to take pics:
So here I am now above 1300 words and I do have to go somewhere, but I’ve left myself plenty of time.
will ever longing glance,
Listen to the first demo recordings of "Lucky Lucky Me" and finally to the master! Do you hear "Butch" Evans wild piano pounding?
I have always been fascinated by Venice, and so I at once saw how perfect it would be for a retelling of Rapunzel. All those secret, walled gardens, all those labyrinthine alleyways and canals, all those tall towers and secret passageways. I planned a parallel story, with one narrative thread being the story of Charlotte-Rose, writing in France in the 1690s, and the other set close on a hundred years earlier, in the gorgeous and dangerous world of Renaissance Venice.
What can and often does go unnoticed, however, is the simultaneous trauma occurring in the birth child’s life. For every complexity faced by the adopted child, there is an equivalent reaction in the birth child. Often thrown in at the deep end with little support, he may be left to assume adult strategies when tackling unrelenting barriers head on. The subtle, even silent, dilemmas he’s struggling with are often difficult to pick up on.
The dog broke his tie out cable. That’ll be a “My Bad,” He lunged to bark at an eighty year old lady walking her dog today. When he came loose he bee-lined to the dog with the cone around its neck, did his sniffing business and accompanied the two four blocks up the street and hung out at their door for a while.
I don’t need to tell you that it smells amazing while it is cooking and that you will not be able to resist pulling a piece off to stuff in your mouth as soon as it comes out of the oven. You may want to have some olive oil ready to dunk it into.
Speculation #3): “We’ve always done it this way.”
LaBau Bryan, a member of Town & Gown Players since 1988, said Bruce cast her in her first role with the group, in the "The Mikado." On her way to church, Bryan dropped off a small vase containing cuttings from an English dogwood, azalea and iris — one for each of the victims.
Mischief Maker: $400 Friend Pack for 10 - (deadline pushed to 10/29 due to popularity)
I love doing the Baby's First Year plan with clients-- it is really cool to have a front row seat to watch a new little one's life expand from their first weeks to their first birthday. I start to feel like an auntie or godmother of sorts--- getting to know the parents more each time, getting to hold the sweet kiddo and learn how to make them smile--- celebrating their milestones with them as they sit, then stand, then crawl, then walk.
WIE: Through us the universe finds its meaning?
And what does it mean to "know" something? In school, I think it means "getting a good grade on the test." It requires remembering something just long enough to answer a few to a lot of questions correctly. As I pointed out in my first post about tests, these forced testing situations are unique to school.
That's kind of the effect this country has had on me.
Before Retiring:
The US is protecting Chen because it is committed to the freedom of speech and human rights in general. Chen is different from Wang Lijun, who was part of the establishment and was involved in human rights violations by implementing the “Strike hard” campaigns in Chongqing.
- Ron Denton, ConocoPhillips
Assuming that Christianity is true, why do you think that God would allow suffering and evil in the world? Distinguish between human evil and natural evil in your answer. Also explain what role you think God’s permission of evil and suffering has in maturing Christians.
A total of $6,746 was raised at the inaugural tournament, and 100% of the proceeds were donated to our local disaster relief program.
I'm still excited :)
Gini and I stayed up talking all night last night. Not too smart, considering the wake up call was set for 8 am. After breakfast, while Gini was busy, I did a lot of people watching and this is what I've got.
*Medium - Promarkers / Flex markers
Me: "You know, I had no problems with Asgardian gods, giant gamma-ray mutant dudes, or flying aircraft carriers, but Scarlett Johansson's teacup Weaver really threw me out of the moment for a second, there. It messed with my willing suspension of disbelief..." I'll also note that I had difficulty wrapping my head around the idea of a Glock 26 in a tactical drop-thigh rig; the sight was jarring like... I dunno... like a space-saver spare on a race car.
3. Animal Collective "Lion in a Coma" 4:12
In this context, India is not only a country in the world facing at large the corruption. All most all the countries of the world are looming at large with the corruption. There is a difference of degrees only. In Indian societies, corruption has cropped up in all sectors and has deep rooted in political arena, because of political power, money power, and muscles power.
TODAY is my last day at Goldman Sachs. After almost 12 years at the firm — first as a summer intern while at Stanford, then in New York for 10 years, and now in London — I believe I have worked here long enough to understand the trajectory of its culture, its people and its identity. And I can honestly say that the environment now is as toxic and destructive as I have ever seen it.
If you take them out too early, like I did, put them back in for… 5 to 10 minutes. Sorry.
We knocked on the door of the Greenwich Village apartment at exactly 7 PM, a barefooted man with circular sunglasses and long tangles of wispy hair in his face opened, gave mother a warm hug and shook my hand the way you do with a child. The place was scarcely furnished and smelled subtly of marijuana, I'm used to it from back home and expected nothing less.
So, that paints marriage in a whole new light, right? It’s causing me to reevaluate all of the places where I’m serving Josh well, as well as the places that I am aware that I’m not serving him well (and have probably felt valid in not doing so).
Here is Adam Salviani, founder of Raider reflecting on, what for the most part, he considered to be a successful year, but with a significant qualifier:
In preparation for this extraordinary trip, we invite you to attend an open rehearsal of SHIPWRECKED! on Tuesday, May 8th at 7:30 p.m. Tickets for the rehearsal will be available at the door with donations gratefully accepted. If you want to see Louis and Bruno and Captain Jensen one more time before they leave on their amazing adventure, please join us.
“I was just about to switch channels when the news weatherman gave a warning about a large swell creating a thunderstorm shooting across the state. All of a sudden the screen behind him caught my eye. Thankfully my husband was out with the children otherwise he would have felt more hung up about his manhood than he already is.”
see what the gas man’s promises have done
But while giving the go-ahead for Saturday’s rally, his government ruled out the city centre, instead offering several stadium venues. Bersih has declined, saying demonstrating at the square was a basic right.
Conspiracy theory is a very shallow argument.
At least I think he is, until I take a long drink from my vodka and Coke and nearly spit it out in disgust at the strength of it.
We can now advance the Kingdom of God with the grace given to each one of us, and by faith in Him.
□ Album and main career
2 garlic cloves, peeled and roughly chopped
I fully intended to get to some of the sessions , and do some shopping and picture taking , but it just did not happen. We had a young lady from Denmark with us, selling "Cadence beads " and she was such a sweetie, and so excited to see all the things , Connie and I felt like we would have another chance to see the things , so we let her go to most of it . I did do some shopping , but mostly managed to earn more than I spent !
Additional note: These are just my tweets, but a lot of others were active on Twitter during the entire IBNA 2012 conference. If you are curious, check out the Twitter hashtag #IBNA2012
An anecdote like this does not, however, make a case for walking in the streets with reckless abandon, jay walking, and other pedestrian transgressions. Or walking up the center of Broadway in rush hour traffic, as seen in the photo.
Plum loafers with heels - Salvation Army
I love the combination of red, black, and pale blue.
4.) In the last few years, though constantly excited about City Center, I've gotten involved with an incredible amount of other projects, sounds, bands, ideas and stuff that doesn't quite fit under the blanket that this blog has become. I'm writing over here at this new blog about any music I'm making or helping anyone else make, records or events I think are important, everything, etc. It doesn't really matter much I guess, it's just another name for the same bunch of feelings that will be happening forever. I'm keeping this blog and all the songs/photos/etc up, but this will be the last post I do. Thanks for reading and good luck on that custom essay!
To put it extremely crudely (with apologies), some might say that seeing the immense masses turn up on the streets for Bersih 3.0 would give some leaders a serious hard on.
I just know that between the bike riding and the kayaking I will barely be able to walk, talk or hold a pen tomorrow.
CD’s. We are the family of God because the blood of Christ has cleansed us from our sin. Learning to love those whose personalities clash with ours humbles us and makes us more like the God who loves us in spite of our sin.
I just adore the way I’m shaped.
How could this happen? Simple. When Christians vote for liberal legislators who represent a morality that is not Biblical in it’s orientation… then we are opening the door for the powers of this age to exercise influence over God’s people. The Bible tells us that through the finished work of the cross and the victory of the resurrection, the devil has no power over us… unless we give it to him. We can’t give the devil power through elected officials and then cry out to God for mercy to deliver us from our decisions. This is the definition of insanity.
Replace “sorry” with “deal with it”
crickets answer to a higher power
Consider what happens if a marriage dissolves in which labor was divided along traditional lines: The man ventured forth into the world and earned money, and his wife tended to the home and children. There are only two real possibilities on dissolution: The man keeps everything (under the theory that he earned it) and the wife is left destitute, or half of everything he earned is turned over to his wife (under the theory of community property).
“Where did you get it? It’s your mother’s! Isn’t it? . . . You swine!”
Happy Christmas, everyone.
This is what my mother use when she makes kimchee. This will save your time from making rice glue separately. Pretty smart, isn't it?
A few days ago I got very irritated by Invisible Children's campaign to make Joseph Kony as famous as possible so that somehow he will be arrested. I'm not too sure about the details of the campaign, because I simply was not interested enough to bother to find out more.
Happy Easter to all of you.
(CONTINE DEVELOPING THIS SECTION
The Importance of Psychology in Trading by Jim Wyckoff
I thought 2 hrs had passed and asked to be checked again – I told Lisa that I needed to KNOW that I was progressing with contractions like this – Lisa said if I really wanted to, ok, but she needed me to get out of the pool to really get a good check, though. I reluctantly got out and laid on my bed on my side. 8cm. “GODDAMN IT, LISA, THAT'S IT?!?!”
Now add the garlic and hing and let it fry a bit oil. Next add the chopped onions and green chillies and saute it for a while. Next add the tomatoes and enough salt and cook till the tomatoes are mushy.
What if, once I’m dead, I get assigned an overworked, stressed out, M.E. who thinks it’s alright to place his soy latte takeout cup on my exposed chest while he pokes around in my skull with a scalpel. I won’t be able to call him a douche from the afterlife. At least, I don’t think so.
of prayer makes tremendous power available.
It's Thursday morning now, and still no word from Drummer in response to my Monday evening reply to his email. I have to admit that I've been watching my email a bit, hoping to hear from him. It's out of character for him to be so slow in replying--usually he responds within 24 hours. And of course his silence also means we have no plans to see each other. We had talked about my seeing his show this weekend, and dinner first, which would presumably mean Saturday night.
Happy feet2 - A new macro lens in my DSLR kit, very handsome guy I say, one disadvantage which I felt was there was it doesn't have IS, but well manageable. Haven't started playing with him, work has been keeping too much occupied, today's photos are my first trial (have taken in manual mode f/2.8). Slowly I'm sneaking into nook and corner of my house, it's amazing to get into fine details. During spring party I tried few portraits it worked good, waiting for sometime to learn him better!
They scrounched around your leg, kinda like the slouch socks we all used to wear back in the day. It’s amazing, you know, that that’s what I remember: how BOMB my Aldo Frorino boots were when he dropped the bomb on me.
Boulder Community Media (BCM) and GoPro Cameras are presenting a 48-hour 3D filmmaking contest in conjunction with the Boulder International Film Festival Feb 16 – 19. Teams will be using the new 3D fixed-lens camera system and the Cinemark 3D editing software.
Sheesh, I go to sleep during the normal hours—you know, in the middle of the night—and I miss this: the release of a 7-minute preview of Rooftop Prince!
Real friends.
But how can we cover our own debts and buy our own bonds and notes, you ask??? We are broke. We have that zillion- trillion-dollar deficit with so many zeros attached to it, we can’t even count them any longer. Fannie and Freddie? Excuse me, but R.O.F.L. Didn’t they just ask for more billions to keep “afloat”? Mortgage securities? You mean, on all those bad loans that are in default? Come on, Ben, Jesus. Franklin Raines walked off with more money than Fannie and Freddie are worth.
So like I said, it’s a funny game … and I am strabddling both sides of the fence, writer, judge, angel of bad tidings and angel of good tidings.
In any well-ordered capitalist society, such “borrowers” would be given one final and very brief interval in which to make repayment. If they were to repay, our purchaser must content herself with an alternative new home.
Please seek help from all stakeholders, and if they don’t respond, find ways to get them on board before proceeding. Please refer to codes of conduct set in countries ranking high for press freedom (which does not translate to press anarchy, much as has been drilled into all of us).
It's what young men did in South Boston, on warm summer evenings, with the breeze smelling of car exhaust, starchy linen, and sweat...........
Jesus had fully installed the operating platform of Sonship in the wilderness. The ministry of priesthood before Father, offering himself as a sacrifice for 40 days had resulted in the Spirit governing his person. The victory over the Tempter had been achieved by the leading of the Spirit and speaking Father’s truth opposed to the Tempter’s deception.
There are many devils driving her to this move. Respected economics professor Hans-Werner Sinn, head of Germany’s IFO, last week said German taxpayers are facing a dangerous rise in credit risk from a plethora of bail-out schemes. “The euro-system is near explosion,” he told Austria’s Economics Academy, as the Spanish crisis worsened. Sinn argues that Germany will get saddled with most if not all of the €2.1 trillion in rescue measures for ezone debtors.
"You are right, next time I'll make sure it is a more difficult for you," he grinned as he started to undo his belt and moved towards her ass.
end the restrictive immigration measures based on secretive, arbitrary decisions by cabinet ministers;Which is more or less what I've just said. And here's something fun:
2 3/4 cups chicken broth
Somewhere in the back of my closet I found a surprise today. About 3 years ago I made this dress for a party, then soon after discovered I was pregnant, (those two events were not related). It meant that this dress was relegated to the "I'll wear it again in the future" area of the closet, and hadn't been discovered again since. I found both the dress and a pair of suitable shoes, and was actually able to put an outfit together that felt a little more like my style even with the shoes.
I hate that I cant remember much.
Let me apologise for the quality of the video, the background choice of noise was either children playing inside or the wind outside. I chose the wind. I have included the instructions below the video so you can just watch the video for the demonstration of the exercise.
You could be at home, taking it easy. You could be sleeping in a big comfy bed, eating hearty meals, laughing and playing with your family. You could be hobnobbing with country music big-wigs. Instead, you chose to go to the Middle East, to cheer up some down-trodden soldiers. You did what I couldn’t do: you put your arm around my husband and you lifted his spirits.
Legend:
In a skillet large enough to accommodate the fish, heat the cooking oil over medium high heat. Place the fish on the skillet floured side down and pan-fry for about 5 minutes per side. Remove the fish to serving plate.
As I get further behind in my mail, reading, and writing, I feel this blog slipping away from me. I no longer have that creative spark I once had—that sudden flash of humor, of goofy stories and dialog, or of brutal honesty about me, my family, and my past. I am, in two words, frustrated and discouraged.
A Deepening Relationship
- It's giveaway time!
Dead and forgotten,
I think the secret to happiness lies within each of us. Finding that balance between our own happiness and someone else’s. I think you can still go out of your way to make someone feel better…I know that I have a few people in my life that do that for me…but also be a little selfish. I think you need to be responsible for your own happiness though…know what it is you need and balance that with the needs of the people that you care about…and that care about you!
So...since we won't be taking any trips and we won't be getting a pool, what WILL I be doing this summer? Oh, I have plans. Big plans. My life is about to change and I have to make preparations for that change. I'm going to have do some serious organization to fit this change into our lives. I'm even going to have to dedicate a special spot in my house for this change.
But the pilot got clearance to land at the airport sometime between the first announcements and when we landed on the runway. The flight attendant came on when the plane landed advising that it was still not safe for passengers to get up so we were to remain seated. When the plane pulled up to the departure gate, the flight attendant then came over the intercom and breathed a sigh of relief and then she said, “We made it!!” Everyone on the plane clapped. I did as well and thanked God for His grace. As I got off of the plane, I looked ahead. I waited until I was almost the last person to get off of the plane because I wanted to thank the pilot. The flight attendant was there, but not him. I looked and the cockpit door was open. I could see him in there, but I wasn’t able to thank him.
as this warrior won your heart
Ok so yesterday's post was lame. There are a few things I want to write about but can't for fear of hurt feelings. I'll just try to write about something else.
His sort just had to do as they were told.
To the Editor:
Sometimes, I wonder if I should have broken up with him. Or if a conversation telling him that I needed things to slow down (dramatically) would have done the trick. I wonder if the timeline had been a little different, maybe if I hadn’t seen my ex that week, maybe if I hadn’t been really drunk and driven by his house, maybe if I hadn’t been depressed and hungover all day Saturday, maybe if I hadn’t had long conversations with my friend about how I was so unsure if I was ready … maybe I wouldn’t have broken up with him. I’m not sure. The situation is as it is right now, and I’m happy to not have a boyfriend. But yes, I’m aware that until one of us crosses the line and decides to see someone else, we’re basically exactly where we were two months ago. The whole thing sort of gives me a headache thinking about it. Now, I understand why there is a setting on Facebook for “It’s complicated.”
My gyno was skeptical that I had it when I saw him. I hadn't seen him since before I was diagnosed because my gp usually does my paps with my physicals. He didn't have the tests at the time that I saw him and he was like, "There's a lot of women who gain weight with PCOS and a lot who don't at all" and he was like "it's just unusual that you would get it out of nowhere" (stupid me, I forgot to mention the depakote to him and all my meds in the past). The only reason he changed my birth control was because of my periods, but he didn't seem to buy it and kinda made me feel like maybe he thought I was just over-indulging on food. He's a good doctor and very nice, but even the best doctors can make mistakes.
Right back to writing that few scenes on loneliness.
I feel pretty lucky that I have solid memories of all four of my grandparents. Both sets lived within 15 minutes of me during my childhood and were actively involved in my family life. My brother and I often had sleepovers at both their homes. The Love Boat, Fantasy Island and french toast at Bubbi and Pop Pop's house; Salami with Eggs and storybook records at Nini and BigDaddy's.
as well …
Rating: 7 out of 10
So loosely based on the idea of Ferrara's Bad Lieutenant (possibly best known as the 1992/3 movie not starring Holly Hunter where audiences were treated to Harvey Keitel's schlong), that it doesn't even seem to exist in quite the same universe (or any universe I'm personally familiar with) as the original film, Herzog's Lieutenant follows bad cop Nicholas Cage through New Orleans as he investigates a multiple homicide, threatens his hooker girlfriend's clients, holds up kids in alleys for drugs, and smokes a lot of crack. There are multiple scenes from a reptile's point of view. An amusing bit featuring an electric shaver, a very large gun, and two 80-year-old women. And Val Kilmer.
What are they doing? They quit their jobs last month, moved out of their downtown Chicago apartment, and they're spending the next 11 months traveling the world, seeing what they can, and experiencing it all firsthand. I can't wait to follow along on Twitter, Facebook, and their blog.
and finally, how do you cut through so many pages and retain a straight cut? TIA
This version is infinitely better, really extraordinarily
Stop back in on Wednesday because I'm going to show you a way you can make place setting card holders/menu label holders with two items you have around your house! Keep checking for all the details & pictures from the Mad Men party!
Additionally, it is unlikely that the Komen Foundation’s original decision to cut ties with Planned Parenthood was not politically motivated as well. The Komen Foundation’s Senior Vice President for Public Policy since April 2011 has been Karen Handel, a woman who was endorsed by Sarah Palin during her race for Governor of Georgia in 2010. VP Handel went on record during her unsuccessful campaign as not supporting the “mission of Planned Parenthood”.
and then i had another thought. and that one was not so great. i was scared. leading up to this deployment, fear has not really been in my mind. i was bummed we would be apart-i would miss him, bella would miss him. i hated that we would not get to celebrate our anniversary, the holidays, my birthday, bella's birthday. i was anxious-it seems to take forever for them to leave, which means that's just longer until they come home. but fear didn't really cross my mind. not for me and not for him. we know a lot of people who have deployed and come back safely, and i thought things were settling a little. it didn't seem so unstable.
Wow. Great. No, I'm not the least bit excited for him. Not to mention he is the third consecutive partner of mine to actually try for and get into SQ. What the hell? I can be SQ's HR already. Silver's bf ah? Oh sure pass and get in one. -.-"
Dick and Ken
Love ya!
#16 Spanish housing prices are now down 25 percent from the peak of the housing market and Citibank’s Willem Buiter expects the eventual decline to be somewhere around 60 percent.
Eric Rohmer, one of the founding fathers of the French New Wave, has died.
“The worst bit was…”
Papers : Afternoon Muse Pack by Glitz Design, The Street Lace by DCWV
This is happening all the time
I am dressed in a plaid sleeveless-button-down-shirt and Bermuda shorts similar to what my mother would have worn back in the day.My middle-son is mowing the front lawn while my eldest is helping with the grilling duties. My youngest son is dividing his time between practicing his piano lessons and complaining about having to do so. My husband is working on some chores.
So, garlic zaps mercury and lead and helps the body evacuate the metals from the body. Perhaps bad breath is the way to good health.
Treated 7,006 patients
Six new city blocks were created on the rubble of the old and most of the buildings were finished in 1918. But the first section of the new thoroughfare, the actual roadway, was completed a year earlier. And in honour of the mayor already so well commemorated on the plaque at its beginning, the street was named in his honour.
As I reported after witnessing the first work session of the three-day project, the venture was so successful it produced an especially fine first run from which a 15-gallon cask was filled with the heads of the distillation, to be aged separately from the general run and named the "Director's Cut."
One of the more restrained and interesting riffs on the Post-Modernism of the 1980s, a mix of allusion and illusion, modern with the seeming old, David Whitcomb's four pavilions connected to a long hall, an eighty-five-foot-long spine, set high on a ridge overlooking the Hudson River was, I thought at the time, one of the most exciting houses published in the 1980s. I still find it interesting but, to be honest, not quite as exciting as it once was.
Like I said, y'all - the mind boggles.
(Sue blogs at Mouse-Traps and The Moon, is a children's academic librarian, lives in Fredericton, and has a six year old daughter.)
Big Audio Dynamite E = mc² UK
2 T. margarine/butter
Our attempts may be feeble.
Our first train is relatively empty. Our second is packed tight, not dissimilar to the London Underground in the high tourist season but even more like the Tokyo Metro with people pushing and elbowing to get on. I stand by the door, my back protected, slightly separated from our guides/guards by the shoulder-to-shoulder throng.
THE PARTY’S OVER
Clockwork Angel - Cassandra Clare
to come home with her and play
What do the casinos sound like?
This course of action by Woodward is further evidence of how this new council is determined to have its way, even if that means denying valid and reasonable objections from members of the public that should in fairness be dealt with by an independant inquiry. The council has here been the judge, jury and defendant in a case where it is, in effect, acting as a developer attempting to build on public open land despite overwhelming, genuine public objection. It should’ve bent over backwards to be seen to be acting as fairly as possible to both applicants and any possible objectors to the application. In this case, of course, the council is the main, and probably only, objector.
A killer who is watching everyone, including the police.
Usage – Just by looking at her haggard features, you can tell she has not slept for
derived also from
And that’s precisely the point. Bob doesn’t have anything magisterial in support of geocentrism for more than 300 years. Bob objects to me pointing out this centuries-long lacuna:
I used some beautiful ruched lace to frame my oval and added pearls to just about everything. All edges were distressed with Pumice Stone DI and then topped with Diamond Stickles. I also used my 2 fave Memory Box dies, Elegant Scroll and the fabulous Catalina Wreath. I hand pricked most edges to create a faux stitch line for more detail.
“Lady Portia Ellerslie, dearest confidante to Queen Victoria and a woman impeccable breeding, normally wouldn’t dream of dallying in Aphrodite’s Club, London’s most exclusive and erotic bordello. But one lonely night she finds something enticing about the idea of a wild encounter in the notorious hothouse. Donning a daring, dangerously low-cut scarlet dress and a veil to mask her identity, she arrives at the club ready to succumb to the torrid desires raging inside her…and is shocked to find herself gazing into the eyes of Marcus Worthorne, the man she swooned over at seventeen.
1/3 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (2 lemons), lemon halves reserved
Higher still the waters rose and the woman was now forced to climb onto the roof of her house ,where she watched the torrent of water rising even further. Suddenly a helicopter appeared from out of the clouds and somebody threw down a rope ladder shouting..” quickly this is your last chance..climb aboard”. Refusing help yet again the woman knelt in prayer and told the pilot “No..NO ..god will save..me”.
In 1517 Martin Luther set off the Protestant revolution against the Catholic Church that led to the spread of the then-new movement as a response to the corruption of the Church. It took time for it to establish itself as an alternative and was greatly aided by the invention of printing and spread of literacy, but mostly because ordinary people had grown weary of the Church’s extravagance, poor governance, and resistance to change.
Furthermore, by enticing young white women to behave as whores they will inevitably become more receptive to the sort of, frequently non white, men who will treat them as such. Is this really what those who campaigned for women's rights fought for?
The root of the problem is that these 'leftists' have lost any sense of what they are for.
Softness of ones breath ease over facial flesh...
Life is a choice. It is YOUR life. Choose consciously, choose wisely, choose honestly. Choose happiness.
“He’s joking to me, he called me a ‘homegirl,’” she said.
Back Room Gallery, Fishkill, NY
Caroline Mould
Claude and his wife Magda work for several renowned Belgian interior design magazines.
The fact that this product comes with wi-fi and that it is Internet ready tends to make this better than just about any other product on the market today. Which means you will be able to view movies right from the Internet. Simply because you can connect to the web with this unit you will additionally discover that you will be able to update your Facebook account. This is a thing that most home theater systems just simply don’t include in their units.
YouTube is largest video service of its kind, but there are lots of others. YouTube tends to be in the forefront of the social networking aspect of video.
“Suppose that servant is wicked, and says to himself, ‘My master is staying away a long time,’ and he then begins to beat his fellow servants and to eat and drink with drunkards. The master of that servant will come on a day when he does not expect him and at an hour he is not aware of.
Imagine my happiness when I saw that the WWE released their first quarter results! Huzzah!
Ok so I haven't posted in way too long and I feel like I owe everyone an explanation of why I have been gone. I decided to tackle making some jewelry as a gift for someone, and well, I got addicted to it! All of my Christmas presents this year ended up being handmade jewelry and everyone loved it. Unfortunately my nails have taken a beating from the jewelry making. I am no longer able to paint my nails except for special occasions because it just gets ruined too fast.
1 cocoons
In this house
After the blind auditions are done, get rid of the big red chairs. Really, what’s the point of them. Get the judges behind a desk like normal TV talent contest judges. That way Christina doesn’t have to put up with Justin Bieber trying to grope her. For the latter part of the season, the red chairs are only a reminder of better days. Lose them.
I grieve from a distance for the death of my native country, England. The country that was at the heart of Western Europe during two thousand years of slow secure growth, resulting in a free and democratic society that was the envy of most of Europe.
The seven-layer burrito, as created and sold by Taco Bell, is a wondrous thing.
S-2
They have to listen to pitiless lessons
The Shaved Duck (2900 Virginia Avenue) When Shaved Duck owner Ally Nisbet changed from fine dining to a neighborhood BBQ joint, people thought he was crazy. Two years later, there are people lining up out the door to try their slow smoked BBQ. Their beer selection is always varied and it’s pretty crazy cheap. Just be warned, if you get the Smothered Fries, be prepared for a nap afterward.
As I have already intimated, the testimony of Jesus clearly takes the political powers of empire seriously from the start. Right away they are positioned as both the context for and the opposition to the kingdom of God. The next few posts will use the first few chapters of Luke’s gospel to examine this in some detail, and to focus in on the way they interface with the supernatural powers too. There is one more matter perhaps shocking to some that needs mentioning. It will be impossible to exegete Luke’s narrative in relation to the powers faithfully without recognising the interplay of the angelic as well as the demonic. While this might seem positively mediaeval to some of who are new to this blog and my work, it is an approach which fits the rejection of both the mediaeval and modern sovereignty view of transcendence and the captivity to immanence to which the resultant horrors imprisoned the modern era. The unapologetically literal approach to a good and bad transcendence and the consequential recognition of good and evil in temporal politics follow naturally from the kenotic configuration of the divine that results from arguing from Jesus to God in the way that this blog attempts. Hopefully this will become clearer in the course of the next few posts.
So, as I stated up top, very disappointing, but when one follows the history of Asafa it is not too surprising. While he has become the most prolific sprinter in history with well over 60 sub10 legal clockings to his credit (7 under 9.80!), his spectacular times have come against less than the best in competition. None of his sub 9.80 races have come in a major, and only once (Berlin) has he run under 9.90 in a major. Outside of majors, only a handful of his sub 10’s have come against the superstars of the sprints – his best showing in ‘06 against the then developing Gay.
Muck and Finn were terrified of Billy Reed’s bull. This frightening beast was the scariest thing on the face of the earth. All they had to do was start talking about the huge animal and each would want to run home, jump into bed and pull the covers over his head to be really safe.
It might turn out that if we pray out of selfishness or for an advantage over our fellows, then our prayer becomes unworthy, and God, who loves us all equally, will not hear our prayer. So, it is understandable that the Almighty would not grant any of our unworthy prayers, but why are even good prayers seemingly unanswered? May be what we pray for might not be good for us after all.
Oldest/youngest—oldest poems, written when youngest. & these are a young man’s poems & different in many ways from the poems I later wrote in San Francisco & Idaho; there’s more formalism, less spontaneity—or more control if you will! Many of us have these characteristics when young I suspect; this must be what Bob Dylan meant when he wrote “I was so much older then, I’m younger than that now,” tho perhaps he was still too young when he wrote that to see how true it is.
Since he was in Israel, Demjanjuk was entitled to a legitimate system of appeals. Rather than giving in to the rage they must have felt and rubber stamping his case to expedite his execution, the Israeli appeals court granted time for the defense team (paid for by Israeli tax payers) to prepare for each level of appeal.
If there were to be a “conference champion” requirement, here’s what I’d like to see: Four super-conferences with 16 teams each, broken up into 8 team divisions (blow up the Big East and Big 12 and have the ACC, Big Ten, Pac-12, and SEC collect the scraps). Each conference has a conference championship game, which would act as the first round of an 8-team playoff. Conference champions then move on to a 4-team playoff. However, in this scenario, out of conference games wouldn’t mean anything aside from bragging rights. This would also be bad for the small teams out there, but they don’t have a realistic shot in the current system either.
Keith started looking for a job in these areas. Because even though we loved LA and California, the point was to live and work on the west side so we wouldn't have to deal with traffic. I mean, what's the point of living in paradise if you have to drive 2 hours in traffic to just get to and from work?
Finally for today, changing the colour of digital papers. For my card, I used a sweet paper from Echo Park's Holly Jolly digikit. The paper was originally a dark turquoise shade and I wanted pink. :)
My feet won’t listen to me
“Well you better go catch it!” Again hysterical laughter filled the earpiece.
Don’t ever let anyone tell you that raising a small flock of chickens is a worthwhile financial investment. It’s not. Chances are, when you factor in the costs, the losses and the hassles, unless you’re raising 1000 or more birds, you’ll be hard-pressed to break even. Our new coop and it’s companion pen cost us a dear $1090, not including the donated labor of friends and family and three days worth of bed, BBQ and beer for said folk. Sure, it should last for years, with only minor upkeep and maintenance, but it will take years for my measly flock of 15 to produce enough eggs to pay it off. They barely produce enough eggs to cover the cost of their feed every month.
In its own way, the picture sleeve also mirrored my confusion about the state of things. The photographs featured backup singer and dancer Cat, but she was posed and styled in such a way as to suggest that perhaps it was really Prince in drag. (Not that it really mattered; I was more interested in the non-album b-side, “La, La, La, He, He, Hee”, than I was in Prince’s record sleeve fashion choices.)
Guests:::
in their very own life-size lego castle.
“God, what are you saying? What do you mean rip out the page? I need to record this mistake. I need to remember it.”
The theme of Scruggs’ speech this year is “Fact Check: Glendale, AZ 2012.” During her speech, she will cover how the different geographic areas of the city are all contributing significantly to attracting, sustaining and capitalizing on new economic development opportunities. Joining the mayor this year as her special guest speaker will be John Lenio,
2 Very Friendly 15:54
Lastly, I have a solid metal brick that reminds me to breathe because even if you are prepared for pain, even if you think you are strong and can withstand assault – sometimes you can’t.
What theme will He weave in and out of every piece of my life?
The Live Luminance range have been specially formulated to work on dark hair which is meant to lighten and colour in the 1 step. I have read a few reviews from other people who have coloured dark hair and unfortunately it has had very mixed reports so if you have coloured dark hair i would make sure you do a strand test first. ( Mine was prelightened by my hairdresser ages ago to strip the colour out )
The movie palace was originally called "Graumann's Chinese Theater", after owner Sid Grauman, who had an equally successful location that was Egyptian themed, back in the heyday of the 1920's film colony. Myrna Loy worked as one of the cigarette girls/dancers who would mill about the lobby in Egyptian garb to add ambiance and exoticism (I love the idea of this, by the way). Ted Mann bought the historic location in 1971, and from 1971 to 2002, when the property was acquired by Warner Brothers, the marquee and souvenirs bore his name. I'd place this photo squarely in the mid 1970's, and the subjects somewhere in their late fifties'/early sixties', standing proudly for a souvenir snap in their best holiday polyester ensembles.
1) The Core
Thanks again to everyone who joined again and to all my followers. Watch this space. More Candy in the future.
I worked on Calc during my hour break as opposed to taking a nap like I usually do. I think this morning nap thing really works in my favour (unless a certain red-headed vixen wakes you up.)
Now that the garden is cranking out the veggies we have more than we can possibly eat. Not enough to set up a stand on the corner of the highway, but definitely more than a family of four can use in a couple days. Luci has been busy in the kitchen putting everything in jars. So far the stock of pickles is filling up with bread and butter pickles, green tomato dills, whole garlic dills, dill hamburger slices and pickled peppers there is salsa, tomato sauce and blackberry jelly and strawberry jam. We also picked plums and squeezed out a gallon or so of bright hot pink plum juice that's in freezer until were ready. These pickles got put up tonight and in the morning we sauce the tomatoes and use half for salsa half for pasta sauce.
The challenge is to use white with kraft and layering.....
Outskirts Press sell their POD services in a positive and upfront manner and demonstrate how modern digital print-publishing has come to the fore in the industry. I have outlined above some minor niggles I have with their ‘option’ add-ons which can be a little misleading to the uninitiated author to POD. However, their publishing packages are flexible enough to suit most POD authors needs, from the novice to the proficient author. While their pricing may not come in at the sharpest end of some of their competition, they strike me as an accomplished, accessible and open as a POD publisher can be for any author to work with.
Hope your road is a long one. May there be many summer mornings when, with what pleasure, what joy, you enter harbours you’re seeing for the first time; may you stop at Phoenician trading stations to buy fine things, mother of pearl and coral, amber and ebony, sensual perfume of every kind – as many sensual perfumes as you can; and may you visit many Egyptian cities to learn and go on learning from their scholars.
And now I just have one thing to say. Squeeeeeeeeeeee!
The sky falling short of a limit
Life has been good so far. There were some ups and downs and setbacks. But it really doesn’t matter. Because everything works out fine in the end. I don’t really have a solid goal for my life yet. I know a lot of idealistic people do insist on having a goal set and all that. But I am gonna play it my own way and not the way books tell us.
Seinfeld aired on NBC from 1990-1998.
“Four teenagers, the defendant ( Carey Dale Grayson), Kenny Loggins, Trace Duncan, and Louis Mangione, all who had been drinking alcohol and using drugs, saw her hitchhiking on I-59 at the Trussville exit in Jefferson County, Alabama. They offered to take her to Louisiana; instead they took her to a wooded area, on the pretense of picking up another vehicle.“After arriving in this area, they all got out of the vehicle, and began to drink. The defendant, along with the others threw bottles at Ms. Deblieux, who began to run from them. They tackled her to the ground and began to kick her repeatedly all over her body. When they noticed that she was still alive, one of them stood on her throat, supported by the Defendant, until she gurgled blood and said ‘Okay, I’ll party,’ then died.
All I got was a look of contempt, mixed with pity.
We need some sort of candy-caramel thing to start from...So let's start with a basic popcorn ball recipe. Here's 3 that we can work from...
I don't know why some parents think that every restaurant is their kids own private playground with free babysitter included. I am so fed up with little monsters running around everywhere, bothering other guests and trying to cause as much damage as possible all while their parents are downing martinis and ignoring them. Then those same parents will be the first to sue when there toddler runs into a server with a tray of hot coffee and dumps it all over them.
He shall take them away as with a whirlwind,
Reid: don’t worry Fluffy your fans will still be
Anyway the result was that Chris was up and ready in time for the short trip to the ferry terminal. We met up with Bob, Nicki and Tracy and were loaded on an earlier ferry again. We drove up to Winchester where we stocked up on food, filled up with diesel and Chris bought some shorts. yes, it was another hot day.
She's got Greta Garbo stand off sighs
46. Try 1200 calories for 1 week.
Many men consider that sex can scale back prostate cancer or the chance of getting this anyway in addition to with the power to lose weight. Two persons are being active which implies they’re burning power and they could lose some weight that they wished to get rid of. Even the blood stress can be decreased and brought back to a fair stage as a consequence of being intimate might help to scale back the stress of their lives and lower the blood strain also relieving quite lots of problems across the body also.
Could it be that Jesus breathed his last?
I used my photo voucher to get a picture with Heather Langenkamp. She’s one of the very few people I get really geeky over so it’s hard to walk that line between fan and filmmaker. However, I recently heard a quote from Guillermo del Toro from when he was at the San Diego Comic Con that makes me feel a little better about loving this genre and the people in it: “I don’t know how many years I’ll direct or be able to produce but I know one thing. The one thing I can finance is I’ll be a fan my whole fucking life.”
Long time the manxome foe he sought --
I had left the Labour Party in 1986 because under Kinnock, the values that I then adhered to were saying nothing to a new Britain, a Britain where education had become worthless, a Britain where the health system was overloaded and already showing signs of cracking and inability to cope with an increased population. At the same time, there was a decline in Britain’s economic and fiscal soundness. It was a nation that not even Enoch Powell could have predicted would have emerged with such velocity and speed. This was the mid 1980s when Margaret Thatcher had started to bring the incompetence of the unions, with their lack of vision, under control which I give her credit for. But she widened the doors to the immigration crisis and sealed our fate with the cheap gimmick of clawing back pennies from Europe, rather than expelling the Brussells bureaucrats from our shores. She should have kicked the EEC out of Britain when she had the chance. Because the majority of the problems we face today, together with the inability to do anything to counteract them, stem from our accursed membership of the EU.
While we were out and about Tim drove into the Country Club in town. A bloke he met up here some 15years ago used to work at the club and Tim was hoping to track him down. No luck though. Apparently he left town a few years ago and someone heard he might since have moved to Darwin.
This is my entry for the Bugaboo Stamps challenge blog -- Stella Says Sketch #105. This came at a perfect time. I needed a card for a friend's 60th birthday and got this image before I even knew about the challenge.
However lately I saw a movie that I could say a Malaysian one. It was a comedy horror movie. What make it so Malaysian was the multi racial actors whose characters were involved in a very much Malaysian activity like invoking the spirit to give them the winning lottery numbers, right down to the multi racial ghosts.
The most work goes into skinning the peppers and the chilli, but when I made it recently the two-legged mouse was back into the kitchen for 'seconds' like greased lightning so I think it just might have been a hit :)
Psalm 33:8
Get out there and get yourself some bottles of Brett. Drink them, save them, have threesomes with them, I don't care, just buy them. The more you buy, the more they'll make and the more they'll experiment with new beer styles. Beers like this put Boulevard in the conversation of who is the best brewer in the world.
A relatively quick return to Wembley following the disappointment of the 1927 defeat to Cardiff City, the chance to erase the memories of that day. And it was an opportunity that Arsenal did not waste.
I do hope, that in every phase of his life, he has the most possible options on the table - just like his peers.
What a sweet, sweet relief.
As Rowling writes the books I also love how she gives you a little background which is intertwined throughout the book. Helps you remember what had happened before (if you really forgot the scenes, which I really never do). She doesn’t just tell you but as she writes there are details telling you what happened.
The annual dinner dates back to 1920 and raises money for journalism scholarships. (AP, CBS)
Instead, in a shocking deposition that further deepens the complexity of an already convoluted case, Mr. Okah, who lives in South Africa, said Mr. Jonathan and his aides organized the attacks in a desperate political strategy to demonize political opponents, and win popular sympathy ahead of the 2011 elections.
“The Woman Who Loved Jesse James is a fascinating biographical fiction that looks at the famous outlaw through the eyes of mostly his adulating beloved wife in a world still suffering from the ravages of the war and the consequential agony of defeat. Because of Zee’s loving filter, Jesse comes across as heroic rather than a cold blooded killer. She needs to believe in the goodness rather than the wickedness of her mate who she knows is tender with his family. Well written, readers will enjoy Cindi Myers fine nineteenth century look at Jesse James through his spouse’s loving perspective.”
Little did I know this was going to become a big mistake letting my guard down after being married for 5 months I sensed that we were growing closer but little did I know she was playing with my heart, After a couple of months went by she started to seem different but I just gave her the benefit of the doubt and prayed to God, to help guide her through what ever she was going through… I started to work over time to drawn in extra income so we could go on a trip for valentine’s day a week before the trip I went to work as usual and got sent home because the work duty was light that day and they only needed a few workers… So I took the day off excited to spend the rest of the day with my wife because we hardly had anytime together because of the extra hours I was putting in…
Film Editing by Heidi Handorf
3 x pieces of cardstock that measure 3 x 3 inches
No, it isn't an expensive piece of furniture, but I love that it is a folding chair and while it probably was never in his house, it reminds me of my Grandpa whenever I walk past it.
Mott the Hoople All the young dudes UK
Death saw a toll-man taking a toll,
Matthew Bourne works heavily with concept. He is incredibly aware of the setting and period of his work. This always sits well with my “one foot in the theatre camp” approach to dance. For the Nutcracker the setting is that of an orphanage, which then becomes a lake and finally sweetyland. Each of these environments lends itself to very different styles of movement – the rigidity of orphans drilled to perform for visitors moves to sweeping ice dance swirls which is topped by the fabulously camp array of sweet based characters. the concepts are strong and the set design does every moment justice. My favourite set had to be the wedding cake – each tier provided a platform for hollywood musical style leg swinging. Followed closely by the entrance to sweetyland, the giant glittering mouth guarded closely by the Humbug Bouncer.
Also another big project that is completed, but I can't post until next week.
Thus, economic downturns and stagnation are always portrayed as the fault of working people refusing to be more “flexible” or earning too much money or “selfishly” expecting to retain hard-won benefits.
Grape Varieties: 92.3% Cabernet Sauvignon, 3.7% Merlot, 2% Syrah, 2% Carmenere
Hi Thia. Thank you so much for the awesome book!
4-Mawmaw (my mom)
Basically, it's a tutorial on cheating. Heh.
I'm combining this challenge with Flourishes Bring Back Beautiful: "Techniques".
Melchione also said that it is important to be well rested.
The sense of a lost north African paradise,
I do not want Red Ken back in because he will fuck London right over again and give us higher taxes and more congestion charge so he can spend it for his luxury meetings and building up more mosques which is a waste of money, bricks and mortar!
Puts on the crown of her kingdom.
Issue 1: The Turtle.
Later that weekend, I checked messages,
He is completely wrong about that. He always had the ability to go to the police, instead of participating in covering up a crime, and enabling a rapist to carry on raping children.
Kevin James Hannaford, 32, Basking Ridge, N.J.
Yesterday, it took me a long time to get home, twice as long actually. Why? Because of traffic.
13. Robin Thicke - Love After War
Thursday morning Will and I had fun hanging out with Katie and Claire. Katie and I started making the girls a new skirt. Claire and Will played great together. We got the skirt started but no where near finished. Thursday night the kids had choir practice at church. It was a very quick practice since Miss Anna’a husband was sick at home with kidney stones. We had rode up to the church with Drew who had a meeting. His meeting started about the time our practice ended. The kids just ended up playing for 45 minutes in the nursery while we waited on Drew.
The paper that I chose is called "Fall Brilliance" by Murdock Country Creations. This scenic paper is gorgeous and made my page very easy to do. I added the Flower Soft to the trees. Really makes them pop off the page.
the other bakers will post here.
Physics is FUN YAY!!!!
” What ? The best i can do right now is drinking to us and may be throwing one of us out of the window in the excitement ! ” He winked.
~ A.A. Milne, “Furry Bear”
"I think there’s a mashing machine somewhere in the TARDIS. Sure I saw it in one of the velodromes."
"We, like Inanna, challenge ourselves, often taking ourselves to task to know more, learn more, be more. This is not necessarily good or bad. But in the doing, in living this life, we too must know the power of the underworld and its mysteries, as well as know the power of compassion. Our personal growth, suffering and pain can be likened to physical death; our psyches journey to the underworld again and again. Old ideas, old visions, identities die; myths are shattered, and are created anew. We rise up, like Inanna, aware of our vulnerabilities, and the strength created from them."Without the dark there would be no light. Without pain there would be no pleasure. How could we fully embrace the joy and ecstasy in our lives if we have not known and felt the misery. By fighting that Depression like a drowning victim we are missing out on Spiritual growth. By letting go into it, we are allowing ourselves the gift (yes I said gift) of emerging with strength.
Most expensive arena ever, redux
· The result of Oringer’s time working alongside Ferran Adrià in the laboratory at El Bulli, this is the first foam preparation to have ever been served at Clio 14 years ago.
But the second and more important thought has to do with healing and positioning.
As an avid reader of the beer writer Michael Jackson, and as a devout Europhile apart from beer, my travel experiences in Europe and my interest in the continent gave me insights that were unique, and contributed to a flair for forging contacts, cutting deals and making selections that played to these strengths.
Applications
Consequently, while these insufficiently-motivated people are not entitled to any more expended energy on behalf of others than they’re willing to give, I actually happen to care about what’s going to happen the next time they run and act a fool and hurt somebody, and right now I have the spoons to… well, spoonfeed some people.
School one day, school one day
People who take what they can and don’t give back
Ribbon and diy mailbox found in the dollar bin from Target
Blockade of the NATO supply route might continue for weeks given the extreme Pakistani reaction. Currently, only 48 percent of NATO supplies come through Pakistan, and 52 percent through the Northern Distribution Network (NDN). The US plan is to transit 75 percent of all non-lethal supplies through the NDN. And 30 percent of the supplies, mostly lethal weapons, come by air through Pakistani airspace. They have not placed restrictions of overflights.
It’s been a long month since our last new episode of Private Practice. This week marked its first airing on Tuesdays, and being that show is not a lock for renewal, I certainly hoped everyone remembered to watch. Make sure to tell ABC that you want this show renewed!
And then you tried to get a booty call out of it. Nice try, btw. I applaud you for that.
If you're a regular around here... don't forget to stop by Manic Monday for some fabulous freebies!
Anita is asked by Edward to come with him on a job that he is not very descriptive about. Anita is hesitant but has to go. When she gets there the job is not the only thing that is a surprise.
- ENR, London UK, 21/2/2012 13:19
Happy Lil' Friday!
BLITZER: But, Mr. Speaker, you made an issue of this, this week, when you said that, “He lives in a world of Swiss bank and Cayman Island bank accounts.” I didn’t say that. You did.
A master piece it was! We burst out laughing thinking how he would react on reading this actually for the first time!
Social Nudism in the past was primarily conducted at clubs that lay down a set of agreed rules that included appropriate behaviour and set clear boundaries of what was and was not acceptable.
Starbuck is the power while Leoben is faith. Power is the will behind all actions while faith is the ability to know that your needs will be manifested.
And when you let go of your fear there is nothing you cannot do
Everyone knows Mario. Let’s face it, the guy is pretty much a global icon. He has kept us up many nights past our bedtime, just for so we can step on some goombas and jump on some turtles. Super Mario Bros on the classic Nintendo is where he really took off. Then came Super Mario Bros 2 and 3. Mario just doesn’t like to save Princess Peach from castles, he enjoys other activities as well. He is pretty versatile believe it or not. Some Mario games have been swept under the rug that have been released after Super Mario Bros. I am going to bring back the memories and list the top Mario spin-off games of all time.
For once I will have the hubby home with me (he usually gets stuck flying during this holiday period) for tonight so we'll be making a small little Chinese New Year's Eve dinner to share together, just the two of us plus dog. Normally this would be a massive family occasion but this year we just can't swing it so we're staying home for the festivities. I'm making steamed fish, water dumplings, sausages (specially brought back from Pingdung in South Taiwan), green vegetables fried with garlic and pork rib and bitter melon soup. Compared to the table groaning with food at my in-law's place in 2009 (see left) it's a very modest affair even though it sounds like (and is!) a lot of food for just two people. The point is to have some left over as this signifies having plenty for the year to come.
Look at all the orange Halloween-y goodness!
Back to the scheduling desk. I said, you know my day isn't going so well, with the whole run out gas first thing. If you need people to leave earlier. I'm willing to go say either at one or two. It just needs to be at the top of the hour so I can walk to the bus stop. I could be home getting a start on my holiday baking and fudge making. By the way, do you like homemade fudge?
I spent three days feeling like nothing was really real. I was trying to get the hang of her. She wanted to nurse all the time and I was lousy at burping her. So, eventually, she did what all babies do when there is a large bubble of air trapped under about 45 minutes worth of nursing. She puked.
#73- Rainbow Flowers
of kelp
You and I must fight to survive,"-Knights of Cydonia
If we can avoid these wastage and losses, shall we still experience rice shortage in the next few months or years?
But Wiglaf and Beowulf work together to kill the dragon: Wiglaf stabs it in the belly, which reduces the fire, and Beowulf cuts or pierces it in the middle to finish it off.
FARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRTTTTTTTTT!
We are all the human race. We are all earthborn. Each of us is part of the whole of creation. Each of us is a thread within the universal fabric of life.
Harry and his wife are having hard financial times, so they decide that she'll become a hooker. She's not quite sure what to do, so Harry says, "Stand in front of that bar and pick up a guy. Tell him that you charge a hundred dollars. Any questions, I'll be parked around the corner."
Thanks again for your continued support and for making our little challenge such a fun place to play along :-)
Please pray with us for the smaller villages outside of Van, who also were greatly affected, to receive the aid they need. Often the smaller villages get forgotten, and in the winter, those villages higher in the mountains also become harder to travel to.
Contrast this scene to the scene in which Abu first meets the towering genie of the lamp:
Good body, although I expected bigger. Maybe it's all the hype. Very good beer though. The oak is there, but I like that only a third of it is aged in oak because it keeps it in check. The licorice is there, and the molasses in the aftertaste. 11% ABV? Not a hint of that. Very well hidden, which is something a lot more beers need to do. Says best after 11/15/11, so I'll have to go get some more and hold it for a while.
Imperialist aggression against this defiant revolutionary government continues to this day, manifesting itself in more than 28,000 U.S. troops permanently stationed in South Korea and the overhanging threat of U.S. Navy freighters carrying nuclear missiles in the Korean Peninsula.
. . . an adventure is, by its nature, a thing that comes to us. It is a thing that chooses us, not a thing that we choose. Falling in love has been often regarded as the supreme adventure, the supreme romantic accident. In so much as there is in it something outside ourselves, something of a sort of merry fatalism, this is very true. Love does take us and transfigure and torture us. It does break our hearts with an unbearable beauty, like the unbearable beauty of music. But in so far as we have certainly something to do with the matter; in so far as we are in some sense prepared to fall in love and in some sense jump into it; in so far as we do to some extent choose and to some extent even judge—in all this falling in love is not truly romantic, is not truly adventurous at all. In this degree the supreme adventure is not falling in love. The supreme adventure is being born. There we do walk suddenly into a splendid and startling trap. There we do see something of which we have not dreamed before. Our father and mother do lie in wait for us and leap out on us, like brigands from a bush. Our uncle is a surprise. Our aunt is, in the beautiful common expression, a bolt from the blue. When we step into the family, by the act of being born, we do step into a world which is incalculable, into a world which has its own strange laws, into a world which could do without us, into a world that we have not made. In other words, when we step into the family we step into a fairy-tale.
Note 2: The shn-tracks for audio disc 4 are split between shn-discs 2 and 3!
Hubby: We haven’t received our W-2′s yet, can you tell us if you have the correct address?
Today we are featuring what's soon to be one of my favorite sets called Lighthouses. I just love lighthouses!! My love of lighthouses started as a kid when my mom would take my brother and I to Pacific Grove with my grandpa. Mom and I would sit on the beach and just watch the waves near the Pacific Grove lighthouse while grandpa kept my brother busy by the water. We continued this tradition even after she was diagnosed with breast cancer. In fact, mom's last wish was to be able to walk/sit on the beach by that same lighthouse with her two brothers (who were on opposite sides of the country at the time) and grandpa made sure that happened. Somewhere around the house, I have that picture of her with both brothers on the beach and the Pacific Grove lighthouse standing in the background.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to believe that I have to save and change those whom I have mislead even though they refuse to hear me
They walk away and say cute things to each other. She thanks him for saving her life and he thanks her for smiling. They sit and he reminds her that she said that meeting him was bad luck. She denies it, pretending to have alcohol-induced amnesia. He apologizes then gets a text from the J.Crew that Granny has left. But he isn’t quite ready to end their impromptu date so he pretends that Granny is still waiting and suggests they get some dinner. While eating, they talk about their first impressions of each other and during a cute fight, he mentions that he’d worn the panda suit and helped sell her strawberries.
Helping him make his decision is a rebel leader (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa), a big-haired cyborg in a trench-coat (Deborah Shelton), and a limber rapscallion named Max Impact (Merle Kennedy). These three characters (especially the Lori Petty-esque Miss Kennedy) are essential to the non-shootout scenes, in that they utter the majority of the film's spoken dialogue. Don't get me wrong, he can blast his way out of an awkward situation like nobodies business, but my confidence in Olivier Gruner as an human actor is a tad on the sketchy side.
I realized that this shift of expectations is coming more and more naturally to me as I grow in my mommy hood. ;) When my boy was younger I would have had to convince myself that it was a good day. Convince myself that I was having fun even though I'd rather be doing something else. Now, I expect my days to be slower, doing less than I would have before I had a baby. Doing less things that are just for me. I'm blessed that I get 2 hours to myself int he middle of the day while he naps, that's my "me" time, and even if I don't get any more time during the day to do what I want to do, I'm usually content with that.
only on week two and feel i have learned much.
Where to find The Saga of Gösta Berling:
Speaking of wonderful men, I'm always so excited when I get a mission from a male Affiliated Agent. I love that men are stepping up and showing their more caring, softer sides. And when both women AND men are out there sharing kindness with the world, the world has that much more of a chance to heal. Don't you agree?
On his return Enos was a changed chimp. This once surly and mean spirited chimpanzee apparently jumped for joy, ran excitedly around the deck of the recovery ship and merrily shook the hands of the researchers. Many who met him after his return commented that it was like meeting a different chimp. This is his story . . ."
12/13/2011 BUY 0.01 eurjpy 101.742 02/09/2012 102.651 +9.33
- Carl Larsson’s work is very detailed and rich in color and it shows Swedish traditions from the clothes to the design and customs (such as Christmas celebrations with the girls wearing the wreaths with candles on their heads). Larsson painted a lot of scenes of his family in their home, so you see traditional Swedish painting and architecture (many of the rooms were designed by Larsson himself).
Second, such a system would be good for the Fed. As we can see from the current political discourse, the Federal Reserve currently has both an image problem in that it’s viewed as being interested only in the well-being of the financial industry and not that of the people from whom it borrows the inherently public monetary powers that give it force, and a policy problem in that has much less in the way of tools to deal with the “maximum employment” part of its mission than it does with the “price stability” part of its mission. At the moment, because the Federal Reserve works on the economy primarily by influencing interest rates, the Federal Reserve’s ability to actually achieve “maximum employment” is something akin to the captain of a giant ocean liner trying to turn the ship – it can be done, but it takes a huge amount of effort (in terms of pushing interest rates), and the ship is slow to respond. Lowering interest rates will generally boost economic growth and employment, but it takes several quarters, if not years to generate job growth. By acting as “lender of last resort” to the “employer of last resort,” the Federal Reserve would be able to create millions of jobs in a few months, giving it a degree of control over the unemployment rate equivalent to its control over interest rates.
Then the signing started and we were all so excited! All 5 of us were trying to look through the glass to see if we could catch a glimpse of the beautiful Giada but since they placed her way in the back of the store, it was impossible.
The toxic pills soothe her turbulent mind
I really liked Biology class. We had Mr. Ewusiak, and we were always doing neat things. I remember on one occasion, I saved a life. I really did. Gary L. was sitting beside me and we were discussing blood types in class. We were getting ready to prick our finger, and test to see what our blood type was. I pricked mine and squeezed my finger to make the blood come out more. Gary watched me first before he did his own. Well, except that he never got the chance. Gary fainted. On me. He leaned over like a lowered drawbridge right onto me. If I hadn’t been there, he would have hit the floor full weight. So, I guess I saved his life. I’m like a hero.
Who speaks for Pakistan?
I'm working on the next book now, it's called Abo Orlando/Grandad Orlando, about an 89 year old Timorese man who I called Grandfather. He actually passed away about 3 weeks ago, so I'm even more passionate about getting his story out there now. It's from his perspective, all that he's seen in his country over the years. He spent much time before he died sharing his stories with me, so hopefully this children's book (once I get passed all the tricky parts like publishing etc!) can get some of his story out there! Keep your eyes open for this one!
Rhona Hoffman Gallery
It’s taking me a long time and I’ve practically forgotten about stupid Brian. But as I’m crawling under another seat, I’m yanked from behind. He’s gotten a hold of my legs and is dragging me down the aisle. I try to kick him loose. He picks me up by my shoulders, squeezing hard, and holds me as high as he can.
The work of myself and others in the field suggests to me that sexual desire ebbs and flows throughout life and relationships.
What a beautiful mess You’ve made of me!
Geographic Difference At least 8 subspecies. Nominate fasciata types in the Free airline from Ut and Co lower into Mexico; and monilis types in the Hawaiian states from English The philipines, uncommonly in south Ak, to Baja Florida, Southern region america. Subspecies are not separable in the field.
I made two for my new twin nieces, Hadley & Isabelle!
However, while the number of new delinquencies is dropping, the number of borrowers losing their homes is still rising. Banks seized a record 92,000 homes last month.
*Morello and Guinsoo bow down.*
1974-1980 Shipstones Nottingham as Brewer
no’s
It’s even more chilling that there is a whole new movement afoot by the promoters of man-made global warming theory to intimidate climate skeptics by using new brain “research.”
In June of 1862, following the Battle of Shiloh, Confederate troops began retreating to Oxford bringing with them their wounded many of whom would not recover. These are the earliest recorded burials at the cemetery.
I am pretty pleased with my sweet girl. :)
“Let’s open a new chapter…let’s draw a road map for economic cooperation. It has happened in all regions despite conflicts and wars,’’ Sharma said. He said it has been a case of “missed opportunities” between India and Pakistan for decades.
sometimes he found that sneaky elf before sydney.
When you push the button on the base he dances to the Charlie
Though you wouldn't know it from these pictures, the sleeves are quite tight when the case is new, making it difficult to remove and put away your pens. I try to put only threaded-cap pens in it, because the fit is so snug (even on slim pens) that it's easy to pull a snap-cap off when trying to remove the pen. I imagine the pockets will stretch out over time and be more snap-cap friendly, but I doubt they will ever get so loose that your pens are in danger of scraping against each other.
Israel's official expression of sorrow was rubbing salt in their wounds.
According to Gerald Taylor in his book Lean Six Sigma Service Excellence (2009, J. Ross Publishing), hidden factories can be described as no-value-added work produced by an operation. In Six Sigma terms, work that doesn’t provide value to the customer is considered waste – sawdust on the floor of your customer service department.
I was so sad when I found out this is the last sketch challenge for Sketchy Thursdays, I have so enjoyed the sketches whenever I had a chance to work on them! And YES, that was the BEST photo I had and the ONLY one of the 3 of us of these past holidays! So it was take it or leave it.. Bella did not want to be held.. Marc was impatient.. haha.. so there it goes!This also goes hand in hand with Bo Bunny's Inspiration Photo! I used this collection which best portayed the colors in that photo!
Hynn then offered me a real treat. He opened up a package of Kudu Capaccio that he made. Oh my word, it was melt in your mouth delish and if I had a loaf of bread, a chair I would have set up camp in front of their booth.
Infant Sizes - $7 each
At age 26, Albee showed up at Keith’s (whom he’d known from the circus) and made himself generally useful. He stayed for 47 years and ending up controlling the entire vaudeville industry.
Like I said above, my criticism of finding aids is particularly with judgment of arrangement. Terry Cook mentions this in “Constructing Social Memory” where order sometimes “caters to institutional requirements” (p. 220), but what about constructing a social identity around the materials? What are we not representing? Are we censoring or deaccessiong materials for sake of offense? With that in mind, I can see where annotations would be effective that Light and Hyry discuss. I can also see where although annotations encourage collaboration, they can also “threaten the profession.” (p. 13) We may run the risk of including hapless information or out-of-context miscellany that just doesn’t really reflect what users are after. To be honest, many of researchers, perhaps 40% wouldn’t even bother with a colophon and go straight to the meat of what they are looking for in the contents list, like writings or correspondence and skip the front end entirely. Sad, but true.
I will have more to show in the next few days, I really am taking my time organizing and thinking about the overall flow and feel of the room. Hope to be a mad scrapper by early next week. I certainly have withdrawal symptoms. LOL, I miss playing with paper.
I guess with the weird convergence of reading Drace's post and watching The Hustler, Eddie Felson playing it
The show was supposed to run for a 13 episode season, but was soon cut down to 10. It seems the script was not adjusted for that and just abruptly stopped. The 10th episode did not even air on TV, but was a web-only, streaming episode available on the NBC website.
But seriously? This weekend was awesome. Racing, spending time with my family, fake mustaches, riding my dad's tractor with him (and being way too big to sit on his lap...guess I'm not 9 anymore), and just spending time in the sunshine was the perfect remedy after being sick for 2 weeks and a little down about my marathon training.
When working with clients – we often look at what they believe in their gut is the right thing to do. And it seems that the majority of the time - most people have at least some sense of the right path for themselves. But sometimes in order to hear what your intuition tells you – you first have to quiet the other voices inside your head – often ruled by anxiety and fear – this group can get pretty loud at times. Sometimes we just are out of practice, or this way of interacting with the world was never focused on or encouraged. Sorting through the advice we give ourselves can often be a “piece of work” but most of us can get in touch with our own inner wisdom if we tune in often enough, are quiet and still enough to tease out the distractions and are focusing with the right intent. So that’s it for me for today – I would tell you to follow your intuition, too – but you probably already knew that was what I was going to say! As for me, my gut told me that I should write this post – so here it is – now I am off to my next adventure. Peace out…
You belong here if … everyone’s Facebook status is a Bible verse, complaint about the weather or comment about homework levels.
Event Sign Up Date: 8th of the month
1. Choose the design and color that you want.
‘Your iniquities have made a separation between you and your God, and your sins have hidden his face from you so that he does not hear. For your hands are defiled with blood and your fingers with iniquity; your lips have spoken lies; your tongue mutters wickedness. No one enters suit justly; no one goes to law honestly; they rely on empty pleas, they speak lies, they conceive mischief and give birth to iniquity. They hatch adders’ eggs; they weave the spider’s web; he who eats their eggs dies, and from one that is crushed a viper is hatched. Their webs will not serve as clothing; men will not cover themselves with what they make. Their works are works of iniquity, and deeds of violence are in their hands. Their feet run to evil, and they are swift to shed innocent blood; their thoughts are thoughts of iniquity; desolation and destruction are in their highways. The way of peace they do not know, and there is no justice in their paths; they have made their roads crooked; no one who treads on them knows peace. Therefore justice is far from us, and righteousness does not overtake us; we hope for light, and behold, darkness, and for brightness, but we walk in gloom. We grope for the wall like the blind; we grope like those who have no eyes; we stumble at noon as in the twilight, among those in full vigor we are like dead men. We all growl like bears; we moan and moan like doves; we hope for justice, but there is none; for salvation, but it is far from us. For our transgressions are multiplied before you, and our sins testify against us; for our transgressions are with us, and we know our iniquities: transgressing, and denying the Lord, and turning back from following our God, speaking oppression and revolt, conceiving and uttering from the heart lying words.’
She likes to dance around to music in the kitchen! When we're cleaning or cooking in the kitchen we always turn on music and she comes in and dances all around the kitchen with us! We have fun family dance parties in the kitchen!
The ambulance arrived, along with the girl’s distraught mother. She was taken to Box Hill hospital.
What that does mean is that every day of my life is an emotional rollercoaster and anyone who decides to be part of it should really read through all the health and safety requirements first… Perhaps that’s why I haven’t found the right one yet to share this adventure with, who knows. It adds a little bit of spice into life though, who wants to be boring!
Speaking of ridiculous comedies...ah, how I love Monty. This may be the most quotable movie of all time. What's your favorite color? Blue - no, wait! Yellow! No - AAAGH! Or how about the whole "She's a witch, burn her!" or my personal favorite, "She turned me into a newt!" *silence* "I got better..."
In case you haven't heard...we've had a really interesting week! But not in a good way. Last week an LCB officer came into our store. My editorial is below.
I thought that maybe this would be it. It would all come out here and now. That was OK by me. I wouldn't have to have that conversation.
Extra butter for glaze
Even Mr. T's 1982 custom AMC shrinks with embarrassment when The Super Van rolls up. This baby is a shaggin' wagon powered by the sun!
Best moment of the week: Nothing really stands out. I have to say that the whole banana-toe incident overshadows any good moments this past week.
If you’re like I was and have never been involved with scouting, you probably have the impression that scouting is all about camping and testosterone and that there is absolutely no place for children with special needs. More...
On the tongue - Drinks like a modern classic. High citrus hops over a gently nutty base.
This will probably be a short post, as I need to go to bed soon. Also, I have this weird headache at the base of my head where it connects to the neck. It feels like an indentation.
Seniors:
As we reported yesterday in this space, the Ayn Rand Institute (ARI) has already conceded the following on its web site:
Getting back to the plot of the film for a second, I was surprised that Bobby's interest in China Blue carried over to Joanna Crane. Don't get me wrong, I liked the whole Paula Poundstone vibe (bulky blazers and kooky-coloured ties) Miss Crane was putting out there, but my inner pervert kept telling me that he would much rather spend his spare copulatory time with China Blue.
Although many Americans have never encountered a Muslim in person, about 43 percent questioned in a recent Gallup Poll said they felt at least “a little” prejudice against Muslims.
What to do:
Now coming back to my recipe...
Karlsson’s Brewing, Sandy, OR
What happens when you wake up in the 1700s, only to find out you're dead? Kind of... Um...Not so much...
When my dad died eight years ago, that hurt. It hurt more than I thought something could hurt. But this…this hurts even worse than that. Maybe it’s because I just always expected that my brother would always be around. Everyone expects to outlive their parents, but outliving your younger sibling seems wrong somehow.
If we leave this material body in Kṛṣṇa consciousness, we will no longer have to return to the material world. The point is to avoid this material existence altogether. It is not a question of improving our condition in the material world. In prison a man may want to improve his condition to become a first class prisoner, and the government may give him A-status, but no sane man will become satisfied by becoming an A-class prisoner. He should desire to get out of the prison altogether. In the material world some of us are A-class, B-class or C-class prisoners, but in any case we are all prisoners. Real knowledge does not consist in simply getting an MA or PhD but in understanding these basic problems of existence.
At one moment at the party, when I wasn’t receiving the latest information about life in Lima, I stepped out into the backyard, into the cool night, and looked up. On this night, the astronomical deities were with me as the clouds decided to visit Iquitos and I was able to see some stars.
Coloring on kraft paper, but with white and black color pencils only.
Let's get a couple of things out of the way.
Shankar realised then why the place was barb wired. He also realised what his predecessor was hiding. After all, many would fear lions. Shankar was half right. He only understood the danger partially. There was more to come. And it took him a few more days to grasp that.
3/4 cup farro
Jesus is the answer to every problem we have.
There was a lot to like about Saturday’s Ohio State Scarlet-Grey game in Columbus, but it’s important to remember to be patient as the team grows under new coach Urban Meyer.
On this day, May 1, 1965, Lindley Armstrong “Spike” Jones died. A musician and bandleader specializing in performing satirical arrangements of popular songs, ballads and classical works receiving the Jones treatment would be punctuated with gunshots, whistles, cowbells, and outlandish vocals. Through the 1940s and early 1950s, the band recorded under the title “Spike Jones and his City Slickers” and toured the United States and Canada under the title
Not to mention they just sound so freakin cute!!
ME: Well, normally you have to pay extra for that.
Link:
When I write SF, I am fully aware of the history of my people and our history of colonization. I carry this sensibility with me into my work and I see this as continuing on in a conversation with the poets and writers and activists who struggle against the impositions of colonization. At the same time, I hope to contribute to the ongoing conversation which leads to understanding between cultures.
The misnomer adopted by the West, especially where one speaks of official languages rather than a national language, shows a basic lack in understanding the Chinese language and culture. China should be proud when a foreigner outside its boundary says he can speak Guo yu (meaning Mandarin), for that indeed has increasingly become the language of the world.
Does this sound familiar?
Those are three key questions as we await ESDC's issuance of a scope--the range of issues to be studied and study area to be considered--for the Atlantic Yards DEIS. The draft scope, written by consultants AKRF (hired by ESDC, but paid for by developer Forest City Ratner), brushes off challenges affecting police and fire service, and ignores larger security and terrorism issues, lapses that have drawn harsh criticism not only from critical local officials but also Community Boards around the project footprint. And it leaves the arena parking issue murky. (The draft scope also has been criticized for its treatment of traffic, parking, and pedestrian issues. Note that I originally wrote that FCR hired AKRF for the draft scope, not ESDC; FCR has hired AKRF on other aspects of the project.)
Lord of wine and Lord of vine
And since it is so,
5) Whisk the 7 eggs and dip the bread pieces.
And now.... drumroll please.....
Well baby, there you stand
- Cloth stem wire wire 22 gauge (mine was 45 cms long)
Assemblymember 44th A.D. James F. Brennan
The ECB adopted a broad range of measures to restore monetary policy transmission channels and to reduce the likelihood of a traumatic contraction in credit supply that could have ensued given the growing feedback loop between sovereign risk and banking risk in the euro area that became discernible in the closing months of 2011. Among its standard policy measures, the ECB Governing Council held interest rates at an all-time low of 1% for its main refinancing operations, following the cuts made in November and December. This was in a setting in which euro area inflation, at 2.7% in March, was chiefly attributed to increases in the more volatile components, and in which inflation expectations remained anchored over the policy-relevant horizon. As to non-standard measures, in February the ECB approved specific criteria for the temporary acceptance of additional credit claims as collateral and implemented the second three-year longer-term refinancing operation with full allotment. Taken together, the two tenders considerably increased the liquidity buffer available to banks to undertake their refinancing operations, and they proved key to overcoming the moments of peak tension experienced last November.
I'm back from Noonaweena!! Oh wow, we had such a lovely time. Catching up with Michelle, Chels, Amanda, Lois and some other lovely girls again and finally meeting the gorgeous Kate, Peta, Leanne and Jodi!! Those girls are truly gorgeous!!!! So glad I got the opportunity to spend a whole weekend with all the girls scrapping, chatting, eating and just having fun. Fantastic!! I went with Lucrecia just like last year. And I have to tell you, i really love this girl, she is truly amazing!!!! Every time we go somewhere together we seem to get closer and closer. Really good!!
Introduction
If you wanted to destroy America, all you have to do is make it impossible to access several century’s worth of its own huge reserves of coal and the billions of barrels of oil inland and offshore that would, indeed, make America more energy independent.
Adrien peeled himself off the wall and stood next to him. The man told Adrien to put it on the table and he complied.
8. Pull at heart strings, make the reader gasp, make the reader shiver. Engage the readers’ senses. Involve the reader.
Does racial sensitivity have a price? (Effron, Cameron, & Monin 2009)- This article was looking at the “rebounding” effect that occurs when we show support for a person who is of a minority. Lets be clear here, though. Minority does not always mean “fewer people.” It actually refers to the power of that group as a whole. So one can say that females are a minority in many countries (including the U.S.) because as a group they do not have the same power as males. Some people may debate this idea, but this is how it was taught to me in sociology!
Throw it on the griddle!
This kind of villain is dangerous and evil, but he’s not entirely hate-able, and possibly he’s even respectable for his dastardly smarts and massive capabilities. I think this villain works really well when you don’t know too much about him. Or, if he is slightly sexy to the heroine, but too dangerous to tango with…or she is too dangerous - like Melisande in Kushiel’s Dart was too dangerous for Phedre to get close to.
The British National Party is proud to announce the launch of a new branch in Lichfield.
Something about summer has lost a bit of its magic for me. I don't know if it was the summer that I graduated from college, and was suddenly, jarringly thrown into the Real World, or if was something that had been sneaking up on me for years before that.
For years I repped for Tity Boi as one of the most underrated Southern rappers wandering around the lower rungs of the major label system, back when he was saying memorably goofy shit like "my ring look like I peed on my pinky" on Disturbing Tha Peace posse cuts. But it remains a bizarre but kind of pleasant surprise to me that this tall, dorky looking old industry C-lister (who says he's 27 but c'mon, no way) has changed his name and shifted his career momentum to become the hottest rapper in Atlanta with no major deal. He's not an expert punchline rapper -- even his funniest lines are basically dad jokes -- but he's more clever than he gets credit for and a strange kind of everyman charisma.
Drawing more than 10,000 viewers annually, the free festival attracts people from all walks of life with the promise of live acoustic music performed on five stages. Other activities include a song writing contest, and workshops ranging in topics from native flute making to Hootenanny.
Strip down! To your underwear!
As Alice was wandering around in Wonderland, she asked the Cheshire Cat as to which direction she should walk.
What I like about Modnique is that they have a nice selection of items at budget friendly prices. They feature a “Deal of the Day” every day with a spectacular bargain-usually on a piece of jewelry. They also have a “make an offer” feature where right before a sale on something ends, they give you an option to make an offer. They usually only accept offers that are about $5-10 lower but that still saves you some money! What I don’t like is that the shipping takes FOREVER. I’ve never had a problem getting my items but it just takes a long time. I have returned something to Modnique because it didn’t fit and the return process was very smooth.
Practically every transaction a customer needs to complete with a bank can be accomplished either online or via the ubiquitous ATM network. And even though customers perform virtually all the processing themselves (doing the bank’s job while reducing bank costs), consumer surveys now rank bank service among the highest.
Thus far, 85% of my conversations with strangers have been nothing but the banal and purposeless enumeration of my personal details. Banal because I don’t care, and purposeless because they should not. Where did I come from? What’s my hometown? What have I enjoyed so far? How long am I traveling for? This information edifies no one. We may as well talk about celebrity babies or politics.
How utterly stunning is this Rustic Elegant Bridal Brunch that I found via Celebrations at Home. It is styled by Wednesday Custom Design and it has some very beautiful details. The vibe of this is so whimsical with those fluffy marshmallow garlands over the table and I love the soft peachy colours against the white, its so feminine. There is also a great use of textures, from the lace tablecloths to the string wrapped around the table settings to the rope on the chairs - such a stylish idea!
The products available today in the market allow you to both plug-in-play and to build your own cockpit of any aircraft or design.
FG=1.010@74F
Lately, I find myself struggling with what I could of done with my life. What chances did I loose, that I can't ever get back? It doesn't matter, I know. But curiosity is a bitch. I guess lately I have been questioning all kinds of things...
We have the promise of His Coming. Hebrews 9:27 “ . . .it is appointed for men to die once and after this comes judgement, so Christ also, having been offered once to bear the sins of many, shall appear. . .”
The first one, and truly the most difficult one was removing myself from my sons family’s energy. The duality that lived there was actually hurting my energy field. I moved.
One of my favorite photo blogs is Elms in my Yard by an "amateur" photographer in Jerusalem. Unlike Reuters, I've used the quotes properly here. Rachel's photographs are amazing. But beyond that, I wanted to point out this important post about the importance of women taking care of themselves: Big Squeeze/Public Service Announcement. A few years ago, on a scare that thankfully turned out to be nothing, our doctor sent me to the Hala Breast Clinic. There are no words for this place, for the kindness, the efficiency, the humanity they show through every step of the check up. If you should be going on a regular basis - try to get to this place!
Finally I have an apartment. I just dropped off my things this morning. I am going to be living in Almeria, I think that will work best.
" I HAVE to eat lunches with colleagues at work...surely I can't find healthy things on every menu!"
What does testing involve?
My favorite non-Austen and non-fairy tale love stories. What do you think? What are your favorites?
Fresh ginger - 2 inch piece
Karma’s a bitch.
-Foodie Penpals is open to blog readers as well as bloggers. If you’re a reader and you get paired with a blogger, you are to write a short guest post for your penpal to post on their blog about what you received. If two readers are paired together, neither needs to worry about writing a post for that month.
This spring is shaping up to be one of our busiest yet. I have yet to plant my window boxes and hanging baskets but I did manage to pick up a 1/2 dozen heirloom tomato plants last weekend along with some beautiful herbs. My own startings are coming along but not quite ready for the garden.
1/4 tsp vanilla
stacks of bowls, plates,
L.A.
I would say I feel sure it was meant to be looked at by moonlight, except that I’m not sure. It’s hard to be sure of anything at all about the Horse. But I am sure that, intentional or not, once anyone’s seen it by moonlight, now or three thousand years ago, they’d agree that this is when the Horse comes into its power. I half expected it to lift its head, come alive and levitate off the hill.
But let’s take it a little further. In the junctions between nerve cells, called a synapse, there are some substances that are vital for these to communicate with each other. Since our bodies need to be in balance, all the blood that flows through our bodies also goes through our 3 pound universe-our brains. So our brains are not totally protected from the foods we eat and chemical bombardments, even environmental stressors. Again the necessity for all the essential nutrients to be ingested every day!
~ Smartipants
While the 5DM3 is obviously big news, Canon’s intent to drop of the price of the 5DM2 (to what, I don’t know yet) and keep it on the market is pretty important, too: $3,500 is pretty steep for a lot of people who want to go full-frame, and it helps keeps Canon in competition with the newly price-reduced Nikon D700.
I cannot wait forever
This was Bubba’s first dental exam and I was quite nervous about how it would go. When we stepped into the office he was afraid of Dr. Bob and kept hiding from him. After an hour he had become more comfortable and let Dr. Bob get down on the floor with him and play legos. We went to the chair and he sat on my lap while Dr. Bob checked and cleaned his teeth. He opened wide and cooperated the entire time while Dr. Bob sang “This is the way we brush our teeth”, “The Wheels on the Brush”, and “Five Little Teethies”.
After Henry died, Nathan and his wife Kiyoko started going through Henry’s stuff.
I love pasta and I love clams. So, on the menu this certain night was Linguine with red clam sauce. Of course anything with clams in it and I’m guaranteed to be eating solo. Well, I do have the dogs for company. They never turn their noses up to any of my food! John claims that clams are slimy though he eats mushrooms and I think they are slimy. What the heck dude? I’ll eat mushrooms on certain things but, they aren’t on the top of my list.
“I was used as a master of ceremonies. I sang a song or two, worked in with some of the specialty acts, or did straight for visiting comics. Being an emcee turned out to be rather a merry assignment. I found I could be quite the gabby fellow. I’d always been fascinated with words and their meanings.”
2) Prepare meat by trimming the meat of sinew. Cube it. Reserve about 100g cubes. Put the rest in a processor and pulse until it breaks down and resembles mince.
Now that is all good and well but there are times when you really don't want to assist people to apply sunscreen.
Love the design :)
Discovering Major Lazer was a sort of discovery in which I knew what I had come across was an underground sensation, but I had no idea where that underground resided. This mystery deepened when I could not find the lyrics of Mr. Lexx’s reggae-riddim verses posted anywhere online. So I bought Major Lazer’s debut album, Guns Don’t Kill People… Lazers Do, partially in hopes to find lyrics included in the liner notes. Alas, no dice. What I got instead was a further deepening of the mystery. “Hold the Line” was nowhere on the track list. Instead, the track that featured Mr. Lexx and Santigold was entitled “I’ll Make Ya.” What the heck was going on? Was Major Lazer even real, or had I imagined everything? All was set aright eventually. It turned out, unsurprisingly, that there was just a good deal of mischief to go along with the most memorable reggae-rock-dancehall fusion project in … ever.
Even better...split off those functions and do away with the PLCB's retail function altogether, so the State isn't in the booze business.
It’s Spring, and the words “spring cleaning” are great buzz words. As we work with survivors of crime the words we hear most are, “I didn’t think it would happen to me,” or with associations and companies, “I didn’t think it could happen here.” So, as we move into “Spring” let’s spring clean your greatest weapon, your mind. Let’s refresh our minds with these simple tips to keep you, your staff, your co-workers and family safe.
“Lot’s of people do. That’s not such a big deal,” he tried to downplay her confession so far.
The sun had his hat on this weekend, hip hip hip hooray! I know we needed the rain and very pleased I was to see it and our local ponds are lovely and full again, but it was so good to feel the warmth of the sun on my skin again.
and count your fingers
Haydenville, MA ♦ Into the forest we go…seeking Mother Nature’s stories and gifts. Then in our yurt studio we bring the characters of our story to life with clay, paper mache, wool, and paint. We will perform our puppet show for our families on Friday! We also sprinkler dance, have music jams, hand dye silks, sing while we play, and eat fresh fruit and locally baked artisan bread. With Beth Fairservis (artist & puppeteer) and Sherri Gionet (fiber artist) each week will focus on a different medium for making puppets. Come to one or all! Felted Hand Puppets; Marionettes; Paper Mache Puppets; 9am-3pm. Ages 6-10. Space is limited. Cost for each week is $290. $250 per week if pre-registered by May 15th.
Anne M. Cramer, 47, New York, N.Y.
I had to come up with a "second choice", but nothing could compare.
Barack Obama said in February 2009 that his presidency would be "one-term proposition" if the economy did not recover in three years.
Jon, Emma and I were living in my house, and it probably took me about a month of flirting with Jon and getting drunk while being on anti depressants, to jump into another relationship.
I'm so ready for sweaters and making chili and watching falling leaves.
4. River out of Eden – by Richard Dawkins
A lot of crocheting.
How do YOU "do" Halloween?
Yes, you can write in a fun, conversational style. That’s what blogging is about. We want to be fun and conversational. Editing down a post doesn’t mean we’re getting rid of this style. Some common mistakes are long rambling reeds. If you need to explain what the story is about in the third or fourth paragraph, you need to rewrite that first paragraph. Go ahead and write it the long rambling way first. Let it out, but recognize that it’s a long rambling need and that you’ll need to kill it. Let it be part of the process if you need.
: when referring into kindle it is complicated and beat the fuck up
The Rana is angry
The Commission went on to assess just how our society would be impacted from an EMP event, including how well cars and trucks can handle the burst of electromagnetic waves.
ps: When I say ‘God’, that can be what you take it to mean and not necessarily an ‘old dude with long white hair’, as a teenage neighbour’s son remarked. He believed this to be the truth. And he might be right. Or not. See my upcoming novel for an absolutely accurate explanation of ‘God’, or lack of it.
Not a good sign? The bottoms of my feet hurt. Right now. When I wake up. Not all the time. Just sometimes. Weird. I'll worry about that later.
That’s why on the back of a brown paper bag
All you want is someone
Bill Scald is a restaurant critic (and what a wonderful name for a critic!). Much to his disgust his boss orders him to review a new Italian restaurant that is clearly owned as a money-laundering site by a mob family. Scald points out that in this case a bad review could have extremely nasty results. His editor, blithely uninterested in such niceties as journalistic integrity, tells him to go off and say something nice.
I blame the gnats.
rain was still raining and we needed to get umbrellas so we got the sticky word ”douche”. french use this word a lot for rain i guess.
The government needs a pool of brilliant ideals and suggestions from members of the community especially those with professional backgrounds.
Next we got a Gestational Diabetes Record Book to keep track of what foods we eat each day. I already had a food diary where I recorded my protein intake. I adjusted it to also track carbohydrate, fats and fiber.
I also suspected I knew the cause. Why would anyone borrow a 99 cent book when they could borrow a $9.99 one instead? Frankly, having 14 borrows surprised me. So I decided to try raising Seven's price to $2.99, both to see how it affected borrows and what it did to sales themselves.
–Francis DeBernardo, New Ways Ministry
now comes the main features.
Meh. It's like a boring brown, but bigger.
One week ago, on Christmas eve, my daughter, my mother, and I went to celebrate our respective birthdays together at a new (for us) restaurant -- Cafe Firenze -- located in the next town over. Clearly, the menu is Italian, but the special draw of this restaurant, in addition to the good food, is the chef/owner, Fabio Viviani.
What about the men? Aren’t men erotic capital-ists too? This is the point that QRG makes. Hakim does address this to some extent with a few anecdotes (such as an older woman who discover her erotic capital after a neighbour makes a sexual advance on her, then turns him down and considers the option of being sexually involved with a younger man). Being a man myself, I was considering that male erotic capital has a place alongside that of women. Hakim acknolwedges this and the objection that QRG holds is correct, but it isn’t really an objection because its already taken up. I get the impression that QRG didn’t read the book herself (but she does admit to reading a couple of Hakim’s other academic articles).
“It is expected that the nations will call other nations to share them against you (Muslims) as the eaters call each other to eat from the food in front of them in a large wooden plate.” A person asked the Prophet (pbuh) will that happen because of our small number on that day? The Prophet said: “Nay! Your number (will be great, but you will be rubbish like the rubbish of flood-water. And certainly Allah will remove from the hearts of your enemies ‘the fear from you’ and surely He (Allah) will throw Wahn in your hearts.” A person asked: What is ‘Wahn’, O Allah’s Messenger? The Prophet (pbuh) said, ‘Wahn’ is to love (this) world and to hate the death.”
There obviously wasn't enough room for his "appliance".
So it comes as no surprise that Chief Minister Taib Mahmud has started to sell his and Barisan Nasional’s latest trick.
To get past the paywall: simply erase the question mark in the URL that appears right after "HTML," and everything after it.
I am almost giddy with excitement.
-23
So ... in no particular order of preference …
Simply put: romance is lovely, among other things — or at least can be. Romance can and does get corrupted in our fallen world, but even God uses romance in his Word as an image to help us understand his love for us and what our love for him might be. God never uses images of lust and degrading sex to do the same.
We can never be apart.
I am a sucker for putting together outfits (if you have not already noticed), so I had to jump in with my two cents. While trying to decide which toon to showcase in a fabulous outfit, I recalled Solaes’ outfit that was never properly introduced on my Blog. So since it is still one of my favorites, I have picked Solaes.
Some anthropologists even believe that mankind’s change from nomadic hunter-gatherer to community group can be attributed to the discovery of the effect that wild yeast had when it infected this source of grain in the right temperature range which then got rained on and magically produced a foamy beverage which, after a few bowls, made Mrs Grog start to look pretty good. For the staying put and planting of crops to make beer - and perhaps some obscure food products, like bread - is thought to be the turning point of civilisation.
So that's how Tumbleweed got her name!
Last week’s post on the empty promise of December 21, 2012 and other apocalyptic fantasies fielded me a fair number of denunciations. That was predictable enough; the parallels I mentioned in that post between apocalyptic beliefs and bubble economics include the awkward fact that in both cases, those with the most to lose by buying into the delusion du jour are pretty consistently also the ones least willing to hear any questioning of their misplaced dreams.
In my life, becoming a new dad (life disruption plus massive sleep deprivation), getting this diagnosis, some trial and error treatment (more on this) and living through being laid off mid-2008 and then my former employer going bankrupt, put me through a mental ringer over the course of few years. My self-confidence and sense of self-worth took some pretty big hits for a while. In many ways, I liken it to the stages of grieving. I like how that article describe it more as a roller coaster rather than a straight and steady path.
Turns out, the werewolf at the bar was quite the interviewer. If I lived up to my half of the bargain, well... We'll see. You be the judge.
organic black turtle beans- 1.48 lbs at $1.39/lb- $2.06- I would like to start soaking my own beans instead of buying canned, since it’s supposed to not only taste better but be more cost effective. We’ll see, I suppose.
Chris delights in the detail too pointing out the precision of where the oak floor meets the stairs and the simple line of white that highlights them both.
Still, I can understand how you would be mixed up there, being as you’re apparently surrounded by night elves. In Darnassus, no less. Actually, tell me something, did they feel the need to fucking dip everything THERE in glitter too? Just wondering.
Board (8th); 2007 Kandjar D’Allier (Fell 8th); 2007 Tikram (UR 1st); 2008 D’Argent (UR 27 th); 2011 West End Rocker (BD 6th)
A writer wanting to win (see above) has to be willing to fight for the closest spot, because even getting that space, there is no guarantee, there will be a sale inside. It might be another spot in front of another store that is one needed.
So. Another evil dictator has been hunted down in his lair and disposed of. Muammar Gaddafi joins an ever-growing list of country leaders who will disperse their version of government no more.
When NBC announced last month the network had signed a multi-year deal with Matt Lauer to remain as co-anchor of the “Today” show, it also said he would add another hour to his duties.
If not, then take this challenge. Get up fifteen minutes earlier. If you’re afraid you’re going to lose too much sleep, go to bed fifteen minutes earlier. It’s a worthwhile trade off, believe me!
2 tbs smart balance (or butter of choice)
1) The hat. I bought it for $5 at Urban Outfitters, and I'm pretty much in love with it. Hats take a certain commitment to wear--you have to wear it knowing that some people might think you look ridiculous, but it doesn't matter, because you like it. And for $5?? Why not, I say.
another cloying poem-thing
Have a great day all...
09. Slipping Into Darkness
Does this mean that we are born with a fear of failure even though we have yet to experience life? How can we? Until we experience a negative event or a feeling attached to something in life, we cannot develop a fear of non achievement or failure. Robert Kelsey then writes about his own personal childhood experiences, things such as low self-esteem and poor confidence skills, that created his lifetime fear of failure catalogue.
This week, our challenge is to use teddy bears on your project, cute cuddly teddy bears! We can't wait to see what you come up with. You have until 11:59EST on Wednesday June 29th to upload your project using the link below. Please no back linking and you are welcome to combine with as many challenges as you like. You don't have to use an AIF image but if you do, you will receive an extra ballot to win. Check out our store for some awesome images!
I removed the logos of blogs and magazines that featured me from my sidebar because it was getting a bit cluttered. Instead of listing press at the side, I created a designated "Press" page to give a shout out to the blogs and magazines that have featured the blog, the townhouse or my DIY projects. Let me know if you have featured something of mine, but I haven't sent the link love back.
The body’s ability to move is normally shut down in the theta state. It is the brainwave level that we normally experience during dreams while we sleep. Training yourself to stay awake in a theta trance state will help you learn to expand, move and control your etheric energy. If you can maintain this level, with eyes wide open… it can also help you learn to see the etheric life force around people, plants and animals.
GK: I do not know.
I was excited because twice–TWICE! –I’d achieved over 100 hits in a single day.
By our very nature, us advertising folk are restless creatures who crave constant change and thrive on new challenges. This momentum and unstoppable force can easily outweigh any things like evidence about whether a campaign should be continued because it’s actually working.
Lee Hazlewood & Nancy Sinatra - Fairy Tales & Fantasies: The Best of Lee and Nancy - 1989
the sparkle in your kind and loving eyes.
many everyday products, such as hairspray and household cleaners, contain a type of alcohol that is detected by the bracelets. Exposure to large amounts of those products could trigger the monitor, leading some critics to charge that they produce false positives. Failing a test can mean being sent to jail.
Impiety took to the stage with zero fuss and no theatrics, as is customary for Shyaithan and his infernal band of black/thrash/death metal hell raisers. After a brief introduction, concerning such topics as the monster touring schedule the band had been following and the new album, ‘Ravage and Conquer’, it was straight into a blistering, albeit short (I thought) set of extreme metal blasphemy.
When I posted my Floral Minidress, I got the most shit-flipping in regards to the turquoise belt I was wearing. I don’t blame anyone for this – it’s an awesome belt. Lots of people asked where I originally scored it – and I’m sorry to say that it was a purchase from a vintage store in New Orleans (nyah nyah nyah).
- Figure out what I'm going to do at the end of my contract and then actually do whatever I need to get there.
Then Peter said to her, "Why is it that you have agreed together to put the Spirit of the Lord to the test? Behold, the feet of those who have buried your husband are at the door, and they will carry you out as well."
KG Do you feel that it’s hard being a female in this industry?
The Clermont in the waters of New York Harbor, 1807. Robert Fulton's first steamship would revolutionize travel and change the rules of the ferry game. The first steamship off Staten Island waters would be the Nautilus in 1817, property of Daniel Tompkins. This Nautilus should not (obviously) be confused with Fulton's famous submarine of the same name. Although the boat seems to have inspired a building, called Nautilus Hall, on Tompkins' property. [Courtesy Gerald Massey]
Grab my button (1 entry)
I was walking around yesterday, St. Patty's day, BTW Top 'O The Morninin' :), and found myself surrounded in beautiful greens!
Thanks for stopping by again, Lisa Marie! See you next Friday!
Feldman's talk, titled "A Right of Return" will start at 7 p.m. Tickets are $8 and can be purchased here.
The new Stampin' Up! Scoreboard is available with Imperial measurements (inches) as standard and grooves every 1/8". The price is £25.95 and it comes complete with a stylus tool which, as well as scoring is perfect for making dots or shaping paper flowers. It also comes with three markers so you always know where to score.
A few weeks later, on 15 May 1944, Eichmann met with them again. He reported that the deportations were beginning (which they did, at the rate of 7000-12000 Jews/ day through until 7 July). Brand went to Istanbul, where things did not go as planned. The Jewish Agency was essentially powerless to effect real change or convince the Allies to give up necessary goods. He returned with the best he could a document promising the Germans $400,000 for each 1,000 Jewish emigrants to Palestine, and $1 million Swiss Franks for each 1,000 Jews to reach Spain. Any goods that were set forth by the Allies/ Jewish Agency to aid these refugees would be matched in aid to the Nazis.
chocolate and peanut butter, Val and Italian food. Italian food is in my blood. It's what
dipping high and low
When the crossfader is moved all the way to the left, tracks assigned to "A" are audible through the Master output and tracks assigned to "B" are not. The opposite effect is achieved when the crossfader is moved all the way to the right.
Two days ago, The Man of the Place found the head of a pheasant in the hallway. That's a bit odd. He threw it out. Just now, I tripped over something in the dark . . . .it was a whole dead pheasant.
1. Jaws while eating chocolate ice cream
Compared with the sublime and fluid battle system of Xenoblade Chronicles which I’ve been playing since August, 4 Heroes of Light definitely feels designed to thwart the player as opposed to helping them achieve the victories they need in order to actually play more of the game. When it’s designed to deliberately disobey a player’s commands, with little to no explanation of why these things are happening either, it seems like a step backwards for the RPG battle system.
- She has LOTS of energy! After she takes her nap in the afternoon she is non-stop action until bed time. Drew keeps asking her "What are you on?" I think she's just two. I honestly can not keep up with her though. I keep researching things that would keep her busy, but nothing lasts long enough! So I keep ending up letting her watch more Dora than I really want her to.
When asked ‘thinking back 5 years ago did you think then that you would be where you are today?’ Judy said she would not have dreamed that she would have done as well as she has. She commented that when you do budget projections etc you don’t believe you can make that amount of money, but you can! Judy has realised that she is catering to a broad market of mostly 30-60 year olds who have a larger disposable income, after showcasing along side Alison Macleod of Tiger Textiles at the A-List charity Fashion Show ‘Dressed to Kilt’. She also found there was a bigger market for her bespoke couture in New York, as people there have a lot of appreciation for her work and MORE MONEY TO SPEND. She has in the past sold jackets for £400 to students who seem to have spent their whole student loans just to buy a piece of her designs and she ahs even had people buy her garments as artwork to hang on their walls.
So while you're at the fest enjoying the day and some great beers from around the country, come by and say hello! If you need tickets head to the Parkville Microfest site, or get some at the gate. $25 advance, $30 day of event. The weather looks like it's going to be perfect, not too hot to enjoy an oatmeal stout, but after some walking around, a Ginger Shandy will really hit the spot! See you there!
I could justify this trip purely based on the stories I’ve heard about the amazing food there. However, it seems there are many more reasons to visit Chicago. The best summation I’ve heard yet is “it’s everything you love about NYC without any of the things you hate about NYC.” Sign me up. I love baseball and want to see every MLB stadium–obviously Wrigley Field is high on the list with all of its rich history. My only concern is the weather. I don’t love wind or cold, and I hear Chicago has quite a bit of both. I’ll have to tackle that one during the summer sometime.
Light suit, white hair, smart glasses...fit......younger than I remember him looking the last time I saw him.... WOW.
Mahek:- I donno if I am happy or not but I just think it as another inevitable thing going to happen in my life. And I am accepting it because it had to happen someday.
shows itself
Michaelsberg could be seen on the opposite hill (I believe there's seven of them) and a slow march down and up again brought us to the grounds of the former Benedictine Monastery. The Fränkisches Brauereimuseum is housed in one of the buildings on the south side of the perimeter, and has quite the collection of brewing and beer paraphernalia.There are guided tours, but we sauntered about at our leisure, ogling the huge, old mash tuns, casks, odd bottling contraptions and the old ice store down in the depths.
Will it work?
Recreate Dorothea's Look (kind of):
With the snotty green samples,
I am not giving up nor am I not fighting for all the time that I can with my family and friends, but the reality is that I have to view my time here on earth in a different way than I have in the past. I will hope that a miracle just might happen to fall my way, but they are rare and unfortunately highly sought after.
Finally, what's the nickname for a Parisian? It's "Parigot"! Here's a very childish expression that relates to "Parigot": "Parisien, tête de chien, Parigot, tête de veau" ("Parisian, dog's head, Parigot, calf's head". A "veau" is a young cow (animal corresponding to veal). It's clearly derogatory and you would probably hear that expression "en Province" (outside Paris) when the Parisian lifestyle is evoked.
It is said by some that Bahamut was once a mortal dragon who by strength of will and virtue of deed ascended long ago to the ranks of the gods (a transformation which is not entirely unique - extremely old or formidable dragons have been known to reach a state of near-godhood). Others believe he is part of some grander creation myth, including the legendary rivalry with his god-sister, Tiamat, mother of all evil dragons. Whatever myth you indulge in, Bahamut is famed for his great power and kindness. He ferociously (almost tyrannically) lays waste to evildoers, and will be moved to action by the plight of the very smallest, slightest creature in distress.
To look foward to
Nevertheless, I am here to report on the birthday cake I made for Anders this year! The photo above is just a teaser...
Admissions are going on right now for the batch of July, 2011 of MIPL. This is the fourth batch of the M.I.P.L. As per sources, the previous batches had met with considerable success, having attracted high interest from professionals from engineering, information technology, applied sciences, and legal backgrounds.
According to Islamic law, in any country that is invaded and occupied by foreign infidels, all the local people should conduct resistance against the occupation, using all the means at their disposal. The jurisprudents said that a woman can set out on Jihad without her husband’s permission, a child can set out on Jihad without his father’s permission, and a slave can set out without his master’s permission. All the people should set out on Jihad. “There is no obedience to a creature in disobedience to the Creator.”
The essay had me laughing nonstop, as loud cell phone conversations are on my personal top five list of most horrible things ever. (Granted, while I can’t imagine living without my cell phone, I’ll admit I hardly use it to, like, actually talk to people. I suspect Franzen has the same relationship with his beloved BlackBerry. Also: get off our lawn.) But while the essay begins on a funny — albeit curmudgeonly — note, it quickly morphs into a beautiful exploration of private conversations, the power of spoken phrases, and September 11. It ends with an ode to his father, a stoic man who never verbalized his love for his family, but clearly communicated that love through other channels. I was in awe of how seamlessly he weaved all of it together.
When we get high enough I can unbuckle, right?
my grandmother's homemade flowers went "out of fashion", live flowers were placed on the graves and then later on, silk flowers.
I've been blessed to become a part of team Still Moments Publishing. They're an e-publisher and so far they've helped me perfect three beautiful short stories.
The pyramid-scrap-project by Ellie (click) also "clung" to me..... and it is so much fun!!!!! I almost cann't stop........, everything became less important....., I have to make those pyramids......
So here I am, at the end of my journey down the pathway of bulimia. It’s joining up to another road, one that I’m going to call Life for lack of a better analogy (I do realise that as an English Lit student I should be able to express myself clearly, but I’ve just pulled an all-nighter, I’m low in electrolytes and scraping the bottom of the blood-pressure barrel, and my brain has frozen thanks to the library’s air conditioning). It’s been a long haul, encompassing all the different bits at different times. Daily laxative overdoses – check. Exercise purging – check. Binging and the traditional vomit-purge – check to the nth degree. I’ll say this for myself: when I decide to go for something, I really do mean it.
Amelia finally looked up from her book and took pity on me. “You’d better stop Dane. If she laughs too much, Ms. Spalding will kick us out.”
When you can’t have the exact thing or solution that you see in a magazine or on TV, you are forced to do something different. Something more unique, rather than the shiny nirvana waving in front of you. You might have to dwell in uncertainty for a while:
This not knowing whether we are staying or going thing is really putting a dampner on my blogging. It's all I can think about. Well, not all, but it's taking up far too much of my thoughts. It's a difficult subject to talk about too. My Berlin friends all think we should just stay, and most haven't had to consider a return move (yet), and as I have been talking to my Derby friends about how I feel about the whole thing, I've found it's difficult to really tell them how I feel about the whole thing.
Next opportunity might be the 16th for a refight.
Edit: Found some info on Mango powder, seems legit and is available from multiple online spice shops, so if you don’t find a Mango-Curry mix you should be able to make your own: “Mango powder is made from raw green mangoes that are cut, sun-dried, and pounded into powder.”)
Here in Richmond VA it’s all of a sudden summer. 85 degrees and climbing. I was looking through photos I haven’t posted and decided on a set from November 14, 2011 at North Bank Trail and Texas Beach. I’ve been busy with work and life so I haven’t taken many new photos lately – which is ok since it gives me a chance to go back to some older ones that I never got to post.
Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg
When we called the drug store we picked up the phone and if someone else was talking (it was called a party line) we interrupted and said ‘when you’re done I want to call the drug store’. Oh, and back then there was only one phone company!
I also happened upon the new catalog/style guide. From what I gather they just put them out this morning, and while a good bit of it is recycled pieces from prior rollouts, the styling was really pretty and very colorful. I wanted to show off the bits of the catalog that have not already been shared with us (see Slastena's post for more on that) and also caught my eye. I would have loved to photograph the entire catalog, but I have a bit on my plate and would prefer that "Photographing ENTIRE J. Crew Catalog" is not one of my "nesting" feats.
By LIAT COLLINS
After a long break from reading I am usually a little tentative at first, like kissing again after a romantic drought. You know you want to, but are you ready? Will you get pulled in too quickly? Sometimes I’ve almost been too shy to open a long-neglected book and reignite feelings and thoughts…luckily books are very forgiving.
Have a go: Draw. I’m not sure Monaghan will have enough to win the game, but a draw isn’t beyond them. Sligo will need to keep their discipline in this game. Monaghan can frustrate as well as score.
Dylan and Caitlin Thomas's home in Laugharne
But now we have our own house. We are reunited with our paintings - many of which I had forgotten (especially the ones I actually painted) - although we have had contend with breakages and losses. We have our books back, though we do not have anywhere to put them yet. We have far too much stuff for such a small house, but we do have a cellar luckily. We are in a quiet and very friendly little street.
to taking this risk,
Kneeling is the first step in winning the souls.
Does everyone feel this way? Once we reach so-called adulthood, do we all still feel as though we are kids inside, just pretending to be adults? Is everyone waiting for the grown-up to magically appear and do all the hard stuff for us? And where would we be if we did all have a grown-up? Isn’t it the doing the hard stuff that helps us to grow into the people we have the potential to be?
Now, take a look at the Dragon Chow Dice Bag. The first thing you will see is that all of the dice are in the bag. You will also notice that the bag is standing tall, and the bag will continue to stand tall even if the ties were not pulled tight. In my interview with Lyndsay, she stated:
We seem destined to continue eating on separate tables.
With the sun cracking the flags this morning all over Merseyside, teams were and are still out this morning all over Merseyside pushing the bring our boys home campaign.
To use: Add the same amount you would the store bought kind about 1/4 cup during the rinse cycle.
4. I'd love for you to follow my blog!
I know 2 posts in one day! Well I've time to kill whilst my dinner is being cooked!
Then, one day as I was walking through my kitchen into the dining room, my eyes fell upon the print hanging right by the door going into the dining room. I stopped and gazed at it for a few minutes, then took it off the wall and carried it to my computer table. And the rest is history as they say!
Sam: It's too salty, it dries my heart out.
Fine.
4) California. Its motto says that it’s The Golden State. But with gold prices being what they are, we’re downgrading California to: The Plastic State. It fits better anyway.
Presented by Sierra Club Prairie Chapter and Alberta Public Research Interest Group.
Okay, it’s off to get more things done! Christmas is just a week and a half away! So much to do…so little time! Love it!
in all your ways submit to him,
USC-KNN Committee Chair Carmen Piramide said this year’s attendees are lean and mean with most of them have the potentials to become successful businessmen.
The Abbot of Aberbrothok
"Text Scott Johnson," Mike instructed Siri, the voice-recognition assistant.
Many people in the white SA community believe Uhuru to be a codename for a plan to commit mass genocide against whites when Mandela dies. In part this belief is due to the fact that in 1990. when Nelson Mandela was set free the liberal's favourite ethnic songbird Miriam Makeba released a song titled "Not yet Uhuru". What did she mean and when will be Uhuru?
For today's card I wanted to use a stamp I haven't inked up. I have tons of those and I feel really bad about that. One of my goals is to ink those forgotten stamps up and put them on a card! I looked through my Sweet November stamps and thought Piper's Surprise would be the perfect image for a birthday card. Shame on me for not inking her up before today.
Due to unforeseen circumstances the appointment for you to attend the
Schiffman writes: “Why would one of the largest purveyors of genetically engineered seeds and agrochemicals want to buy a company which has been seeking solutions to the escalating threats to the world bee population?”
Even in its infancy, the web was more a "communications" medium than an "information" medium, with email quickly becoming the primary application.
Though built in the medieval style it shows how traditional architecture can use the technologies of its time the 19th century and is an example of what could be done now. It had gas lighting, and a warm-air heating system which provided fresh air drawn through ornamental stone air inlets placed below the windows and admitted behind the hot water pipes and 'coils' of rooms. The Warm, fresh air was fed into the stairwells through hollow shafts within the spiral staircases to ventilate the corridors the gas was in pipes concealed underneath the banister rails of the spiral staircases. If the Victorians could do it contemporary architects could. Glass walls are not efficient in conserving heat and draw birds to their deaths by reflecting the sky and fooling them it is a path to fly along.
Like Brenda's "Scraparooney"
Two days after the pension changes passed the Legislature, the city’s unions lined up to endorse Mayor Daley in his first re-election campaign. He would go on to serve as mayor for the next 20 years with firm support from organized labor…
In these verses, God calls upon us to “honor” others due to their position. In most cases, this honor is clearly to those in a position of authority over us like our parents or those in government. As Christians, we should honor all men, not only because God created them, but because we are to put their interests above our own (Philippians 2:1-8). David provides us with an excellent example of how we are to honor others.
I will be back to update you, I promise.
almost 3 days my mum got sick.she had asma.again!
Now on to the video. One thing that I forgot to mention on the video is that I used "Dusty Concord" distress ink from Tim Holtz to ink around the edges of the inside mat before adhering it to the base. Also in the video, I discuss a lesson I learned about my homemade glitter sprays. You DON'T want to miss this if you plan on making your own glitter spray sometime!
This was a full day event, which included the following list of speakers and performances;
Email number one from D:
Few paces have we taken, yet are wearyÑ
This exhibit is a works-in-progress. My artistic mission is to research, develop and organize the fragmented and disassemble African American’s domestic textile cultural history, into my interpretation of the evolution of crochet and the visual aesthetic of Funk.
