Both the Democratic Party and the Republican Party are committed to the long-term occupation of Afghanistan. President Obama’s visit was nothing more than a political ploy designed to win support during the 2012 presidential electoral cycle. 69 percent of the people of the United States want the war in Afghanistan to be ended immediately. By giving the false impression that the United States is actually ending the war in Afghanistan, President Obama and the Democrats are playing to this majority sentiment.
- Do NOT link posts that are linked to your linky party.
I think it’s about capturing something fundamental in the fewest possible words. It doesn’t matter if it’s only a couple of hundred words, if they are the right ones then you can talk about all the big issues: life, death, love, hate, sex, loneliness, and, of course, cake, just as easily as you can in a couple of hundred thousand. And I think, because a flash asks a lot of the reader – asks them to bring their own knowledge and to do a lot of work to decode meaning – then the impact of the story can be much greater. It’s like distillation. A novel is a few pints of lager, and a short story is a bottle of good wine. But flash-fiction is a measure of 20 year old single malt. All you need is a sip to be able to get the full complexity of the flavours.
I know what you're thinking -- "But MJ, with all that going on, how can you possibly have time to blog?" The answer is I don't have time, and am risking my life crashing and burning around me as I write this. Blogging is a compulsion, and it's sick.
I wanted to express to the table how much each person owed but was finding this difficult as my speech was drowned out by the enthusiastic overlapping voices of ten or twelve wizened South African locals that had the wild steely gray hair of Afrikaners. The cafè was the local Sunday hang out for every citizen in the beach town—and by citizen I mean those of the senior variety. And these locals told stories like Jewish grandparents—yentas kibbitzing about how Morty’s son Saul married a shiksa and kvetching about whether it was worth it to shvitze in the humidity at the beach on a cloudy day. There were enough for a minion.
“Cleaning Up” Points Presenter: Ari Fischer
Not so long ago it was festival time, everyone at home, twinkly things, nice smells and extra treats. Since then, She hasn't so much as baked a cake. Shocking if you ask me.
The other crazy thing I heard recently is this:
One of the reasons why I’m so fascinated by him is his sense of the combination of universalism and particularity in relation to each other. That the Jewish People has a special place, but that we also are connected to the rest of Human kind as well as creation. That we basically have the same sources, though different roles to fulfill. The first thought of his I want to share, is his letter “The Value of Opposition,” from his “Orot HaQodesh,” Lights of Holiness:
1266 D-III/8/1997. “What (Good) Is Liberal Education?” Symposium on Lifelong Liberal Education, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
Pila has dealt with these conservation issues and found solutions.
Suddenly, the door opens for him, just as the guarded door is opening for someone else, and you see inside for just the briefest moment. You see the guarded door and the rows of neat little boxes, of neat, carefully manicured grasses and faces, the sameness of it all.
What I speak, my fair Cloe, and what I write, shews
After both the morning and afternoon sessions, the queries were the same. We have been dealing with these same weaknesses and threats in education in Rochester for generations, when will our elected officials, some of whom have been seated for generations, begin to utilize our strengths to capitalize on the opportunities that exist within our community to overcome our weaknesses and eliminate the threats that our children face in the system of education?
I can't exactly pinpoint when I decided that I wanted to be a writer. It's always been there, in the background. Although it's always been what I've dreamed of being, it's always been Plan B. Unfortunately we live in a world which dictates that you need a steady source of income to be comfortable. I was never confident enough that I would be able to make a living from my writing, so instead of putting all my eggs in the writing basket, I'm studying to be a Biomedical scientist. (In case you don't know what that is, we're the people who check blood samples, and do the research behind medical and pharmaceutical methods.)
The Pagan Orb of Isaac’s Sacrifice to the Red Matter Justice of Law-Arm Coat/ Cross with Time on Consciousness is Yime-Zatter Macrocosmic Apocalypse (Ganges is Nile in the Eye of the Seer)
The pilgrimage will be led by the Ordinary of the Ordinariate, Mgr Keith Newton, and according to the Ordinariate's Facebook page, all are very warmly invited to attend.
My Prayer: "God bless us with strength and empower us by your Holy Spirit to make the changes in our life that will reap a beautiful harvest. Loving you beyond measure and thanking you for change."
The day the 'For Sale' sign went up at mom's house I sat down and had a good cry. Then, went to my MP3 player to listen to that sad song by Marinda Lambert; "The House That Built Me." (yeah..another dose of sadness to be sure I was crying for a good reason!!)
I'd open glove compartments & trunks & I'd leave them open, maybe I'd put the tissue in the trunk and the spare on the floorboard. I'd flick on all the interior lights, put the wipers on high and turn the radio up full blast...so that when the key is turned some folks would rattle and roll.
There was a day this week that called for snow. Oh April how fickle you are! One day we are donning shorts on the beach and the next I'm asking for a fire.
Xiu Min slowly coughing, “For what?”
If you haven't read Haroun and the Sea of Stories, don't worry. It's not necessary to have read that book to enjoy this one. But those who have read and loved the story of Luka's older brother will surely not want to miss the saga of the younger sibling.
and as I worked, a smile graced my sweaty lips.
Around this house, valentines are a bit boring; they have become routine.
Hiding underneath the pins are a few more bits that fell through my letterbox this morning. I bought the pinky fabric down below from Jane because I just knew I'd need it sometime. Jane being the lovely that she is popped a few more bits and scraps in my parcel aswell. Now I had two choices. I could start another patchy project, even though I've got two others on the go and I need an excuse to use these fabulous plastic paper piece templates. Can't tell you how thrilled I was to find these as the hexagons I've made are beyond awful.
Just as soon as I get back from Colorado. Leaving in less than 48 hours!
“Considering the impacted capacity to be 38,748 MW and assuming a capital cost of Rs 5 crore per MW (and a debt equity mix of 70:30), the total aggregate amount of default to the banking sector could be Rs 1,35,618 crore i.e. 46.39 per cent of the current banking exposure to the power sector,” the report said.
In other news...do you ever make one of those What was I thinking purchases on eBay (or elsewhere) and literally, two seconds after clicking "Commit to Buy" you're wondering what possessed you? That happened to me late last week and the result arrived in the mail yesterday.
Then the self-ownership thing,
Instead I have three slightly sub-par in intelligence dogs. And, one of them is just on loan. Except that he’s been here longer than we all care to recall and we’re not sure he’ll ever get adopted out. I’m his foster mom, but he thinks I am probably his forever mom. The other two canines are pure breeds, show extreme interest during treat/feeding time and would rather sleep the rest of their days away rather than take walks or chase tennis balls in the backyard.
Cut across the middle, and squeeze out the seeds as if you were squeezing a lemon. All the juice and seeds would water down your ratatouille so it pays to get rid of them. The whole process only takes a couple of minutes, and is strangely satisfying. If you can coral some child labour in to squeeze the seeds all the better...
Sam Walton’s work includes: A documentary celebrating the past 100 years of the , Crisis magazine (2010). A documentary celebrating the work of Mamie and Ken Clark regarding Brown v. Board of Education (2004), and a documentary honoring Ella Baker, civil rights leader (2000), and many wonderful interviews with Harlem elite leadership over the past 30s years.
Section 16 (2) of the Constitution states that freedom of expression does not extend to: "(1) propaganda for war; (2) incitement of imminent violence; or (3) advocacy of hatred that is based on race, ethnicity, gender or religion and that constitutes incitement to cause harm."
Urban Governorates = 22.5%
Monday 1 August 2011 at 10:00 am
“The more people do this, the more radically the context of healthcare changes,” says Gary Wolf, one of the movement’s spokespeople. “I find that the most interesting tools are those that give us the chance to reflect on who we are.”
But, I decided it was as good a time as any on Sunday to do something I’ve been meaning to for a long time. Watch a Waltons marathon while straightening up my yarn mess. I enjoyed the shows, got my kids to kind of watch it, and made it through half the yarn stash, but didn’t catch a mouse. Darn.
While the numbers weren’t exactly convincing, we decided that the additional skills I had attained during my 5 years of career exploration would allow me to freelance part-time and still give me 25 hours per week to do my dissertation. A dissertation is one of those things that you can’t work on an hour here or there. You’re either completely immersed for a good block of 5 – 8 hours at a time, or you’re out. Working in the high level positions I had barely allowed me the time to live my life let along write, research, write, research, write… you get the picture. 25 hours is better than zero hours, which was what I’d had before. It doesn’t hurt that this decision coincided with one kid finally finishing daycare (no more bill!) and finally paying off a car. Not driving across town daily would also save us $400/month in gas bills. Picking the kids up after school would save another $400/month in after school care costs. Suddenly, finishing that PhD seemed within reach so we decided to go for it.
you probably remember last week when DFW was hit with 17 tornadoes.
These are from H. ‘Gilmar’ x H. ‘Red Pearl’. I’m not horrifically excited about the prospects of the off spring but who knows, something fun may result. I’m really hoping for one that has the red of Red Lion with the green throat from Gilmar. I’m gonna sow these some time next week and then I guess we’ll find out in 3-5 years what sort of results I get!
I’m reading a self-published novel by someone right now, and it’s very much in the character’s head. Yes, there’s action, but I can only hear about the character’s internal conflict so many times before I want to scream.
The tick tick tick tock
HOWEVER, mile nine began to bring the suck.
I was sexually abused repeatedly at the age of 4 or 5 by my mother’s best friend’s 16 year old son. I have a sister that is 13 months younger than me. It was when he began to go after her as well, that’s when I went to my mother and told her. The abuse stopped and not another word was ever spoken about it–ever. Through my growing up years, I had to see this man time and again, each time our families got together. I don’t know that if my father ever even knew, and since both my parents are long dead, I will never know. Now, this is something that I have always known–that this happened to me. But, who is, or was, me?
What has Mavis got to do with any of this?
Because sometimes the things you least expect are the most meant to be.
“It is highly likely that a similar peaceful protest will develop outside the O2 Arena, although the Malaysian Embassy have a record of attempting to hire security guards to prevent legitimate demonstrations, even in London, ” noted the posting.
Wow, I can't believe you haven't commented on the fact that our country has a new president. Are you ignoring this little tidbit?
Our son, Sam III began his love of golf at the age of five following in the footsteps of his father Sam Jr, who began at 4 in San Antonio, TX. We are the first to say that having golfers already in the family is a bonus but not a requirement to raising successful Juniors.
grow over the last decade has given me the chance to invest in
PIYO: That’s true, putar?
Five years and five days ago, I posted my first piece on Bangladeshi politics. Over the fold is that UV piece reposted.
And gave my spirit to adore
If you have watched the new release of “Alice In Wonderland” – 2010, you will definitely remember the vital characters in the show, such as Mad Hatter and Alice, etc. How much attention do you think you will attract if you dress up like one of these characters during the coming Halloween party? You are definitely going to be in the limelight!
HAYWARD AC, HARLING R, WETTEN S, JOHNSON AM, MUNRO S, SMEDLEY J, MURAD S, WATSON JM. Effectiviness of an influenza vaccine programme for care home staff to prevent death, morbidity, and health service use among residents: cluster randomised controlled trial. Br Med J 2006;.
I should have known I was in trouble years ago when I bought a sweater and then discovered that my grandmother had the exact same one. My nana had a lovely classic style, but still. The woman was in her 80s when this happened. So I am trying to pay attention to magazine ads and the circulars that come in the paper. It's hard though because all of the models look like they are about 20 years old. I don't want to look like I think I am 20 years old. I guess I am trying for somewhere between 20 and 80, except that the average of that is 50 and I only just turned 40. It's a work in progress.
"Well, boys and girls can sit beside each other at school and not get a baby so how do a man and a woman make one?"
On the subject of the photos, I was just mucking about with Hipstamatic this weekend, but I did take regular digital photos of the same subjects along with the above ones, just so you all know before anyone decides to scream at me for such a possibly heinous act. I’ll probably upload those somewhere eventually.
The day is gray and gloomy, but the colors are bright and vivid in my area. Cobalt, lime, orange...there's a beautiful spray of fall and other vibrant colors all around me. It's the dying of the old giving way to the birth of the new, but the transition is lengthy and it seems so desolate and lonely while transitioning, but nonetheless, it's a beautiful transformation.
This parenting method has been demonized and I feel that this is wrong. Sometimes you just need to stick the kid in front of a video so you can have some goddamned peace. Now, of course, you should stick the child in front of Sesame Street and/ or Dora the Explorer and NOT Requiem for a Dream.
quickens matter into activity and evolution.
An Obama appointee, Judge Urbanski also issued a preliminary injunction on behalf of the ACLU in February prohibiting the Pittsylvania County Board of Supervisors from “invoking the name of a specific deity associated with any one specific faith or belief in prayers given at Board meetings.” No word yet on how much this ticked off the local Hittites and voodoo priests.
Next stop….Cusco! As mentioned above this was the capital of the Incas, however like much of South America, the Spaniards took over and it has a colonial feel with many churches. We spent five days in Cusco acclimatizing to the altitude and for me the food, or the pisco sours. After the second day I had a case of the Montezumas, which was three days before we started the Inca Trail so unfortunately I wasn’t able to explore as much as I’d hoped. Thankfully I was back to, well almost normal when Thanksgiving rolled around and we started the Inca Trail. However using the hole in the ground loos was an experience. Lets just say that you really have to make sure you’re aim is good.
Love is a Miracle oh, oh,
However, Dam was stripped of this power after the OITC was involved in a series of fraud cases. As a result, the bonds cannot be cashed by them. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi also tried unsuccessfully to cash the bonds with the Chinese government.
From: Inventing truth, HappenStance (2011)
2 D&D Challenges in the DOE Complex
Albeit, in the general way,
A pub is certainly a different beast to a restaurant in that my people have usually come in as a guest of someone else and not made the decision themselves whereas, as Jeff points out, his ‘Once a year Regulars’ come in as a result of some vague concept that they should visit a proper pub at Christmas time even if they wouldn’t do it any other time.
In the middle of the night, Bu Yong goes to Hwa Yong’s quarters bearing dried persimmons while Hwa Yong irons the dress that Bu Yong will use at the selection. Bu Yong intently looks and contemplates on the hot iron in a vexing manner while Bu Yong tells her that she will take Unni to the palace every day, give her good food and dress her nicely.
she probably never even noticed that the wings were black.
The inside of the card has another sentiment from the SU "Home For Christmas" set, matted in the punched green CS, from the front of the card. The stamped brackets are from HOTP "Medallions & Corners" stamp set.
After high school, Brenda tells about her time in the Marine Corps. As a Marine wife, I was interesting in reading this, but I was also disappointed in that every mention of being a Marine, the 'm' was not capitalized. Ask any Marine about this and I'm sure they'd all (or at least most) tell you it should be! Being that she spoke so highly about her time in, I'd have thought it would have been. Like I said, perhaps it's just because I had it drilled into my head to always use a capital M, but it did really bother me!
While you said your prayers to chipped plaster statuettes
And it felt good. It felt...liberating.
All of these pieces of linen came from my paternal grandmother's stash. Some of them I collected when her things were being distributed to our forty-some first cousins, some of them Sister Pam collected but then gave to me to keep in their mid-west roots when she moved to the beaches of Florida where she thought they had no business living.
What I used:
God does work in many ways. Imagine if I were in other place, there wouldn't be opportunities like this. I'm not saying performing is one of my dream,in fact it's never my dream and I always think it's impossible, who knew, well it's a fun thing to do as a side income during my uni life. :-) I mean, how many students does performing as a side income? hehe.. this would be LEGENDARY!
I will share what I can about this experience. I will tell you that some would say that this was just my subconscious, this was coincidence, this was kismet. And if you prefer to define it that way, go right ahead. I'm just going to share it as I experienced it and you are welcome to take from it what you'd like.
As far as my weekend update is concerned, it was a time to try to get our home and ourselves back to normal. I can once again see what's in my refrigerator (so many people brought food for us, we couldn't find anything in there). The hospital equipment is gone. Now there's a big empty room where the pool table is supposed to go. I'm hoping we can't find anyone to move it back in--I'd love love love that room to be a music/reading/whatever place. Hubby did agree to leave it as is, so for now,it's a practice and exercise room.
PTI Terracotta Tile and Rustic Twine ribbons
kids their first pair of shoes on that day, you get a hundred amazing moments. That gets you high like you can’t believe.
We have just been informed that the Daily’s bacon pricing is going up due to market increases. This will affect us starting catalog #6. Most of the products we offer are just slight increases. The ones we are most concerned about are the following:
Rest in peace, Emily.
The business has programmes for managing waste through recycling, reducing consumption and reuse, in a sustainable, environmental and safe way. Waste is segregated, treated and disposed of in ways that minimize environmental and health impacts. Workers are educated about properly managing waste, at work and in their communities.
2 creases rectangle frames
So of course I dreamed about having money. To buy have things we didn´t had, like TV with colour for example.
Also recommended by friends.
I love guacamole. LOVE IT! I love it so much that when I was doing Weight Watchers, I ate homemade guacamole and organic tortilla chips for breakfast every day for several months. I also love my food CHUNKY, and guacamole is no exception. This recipe ends up working well for really stretching out the avocado, which can really be expensive at times, with some less expensive veggies. I don't know about where you are at, but the price of avocados (Haas) really fluctuates around here. I passed them over for a couple of weeks when they were a whopping $2.50 each, but I snatched a bunch up a few days ago, when to my utter amazement, they were only $1 a piece! Thanks to that deal, I am splurging and using two avocados in this recipe, but it can be easily adjusted to make with just one avocado or 70, if you are so inclined. If I use one avocado in the recipe, I get four servings out of it, if I use two avocados, I stretch it to six servings. I can't stretch it past six servings since I am the only one in the house that eats it--and if you are mindlessly dipping tortilla chips in it, you're not going to get more than six servings anyway! ;) You already know I like it with my organic tortilla chips, but I also use it to top salads and chili, spread it on sandwiches and of course put it on tacos and the like. I may or may not be known to eat it by the spoonful on occasion.
WHY STEAL NUKES IF YOU CAN BUILD YOUR OWN?
And anybody'd fill your glass but no one your boots..
The original drawing is a few years old now but the colouring is new. I dusted it off and scanned it in as I needed an ersatz paperback cover for a film I was making and felt that she would stand in for an author’s photograph. The made-up book is “Ensconced and Enchanted: A Tale of Frontier Life” by Felicity J. Hawkins and the cover I designed fits perfectly (with the help of a little spray mount) over the cover of a Dan Brown novel I bought for 60p specifically for the purpose of being ripped up on camera. I figured the world could stand the loss of at least one Dan Brown novel.
We once offered Crantinis at a dinner party as a pre-dinner cocktail. Almost half of our 11 guests were french, and none of them took up the offer. Not even interested. They went for the Champagne. I'm not saying that that says anything, I'm just saying that that is the way it was. (That's a lot of "thats" in one sentence, isn't it...and my old english teacher must be cringing wherever he is...). Four of us did go for it, however. Three American gals & one Irish guy. He said something like, an Irishman would never turn down an offer for a drink....neither could the Americans apparently!
Then Kingsley Shacklebolt, in robes of gold,
She began singing jazz in nightclubs with a bias towards Ella Fitzgerald repertoire. In 1957, she recorded her first song, Fascination, in both Greek and English for Odeon/EMI Greece. By 1958 while still performing at the Zaki, she met Greek composer Manos Hadjidakis. Hadjidakis was immensely impressed by Nana’s phenomenal voice and immediately offered to write songs for her. In 1959 Mouskouri performed Hadjidakis’ Kapou Iparchi I Agapi Mou (co-written with poet Nikos Gatsos) at the inaugural Greek Song Festival. The song won first prize, and Mouskouri began to be noticed.
So, thanks for reading all of this. It’s just me being honest. ^_^
3. No Human Rights for Arabs in Israel- Muslimgauze
· Guinness is most certainly not a microbrewery (I can't make this stuff up--I swear I actually heard someone say that once).
Well, the other day I was fortunate enough to try a Moselle wine from a great producer, some would claim the best producer of the region. The Château de Vaux, just south west of Metz, is where Norbert Molozay has almost single handedly nurtured this wine region back to life. 2009 was the first vintage that Château de Vaux started conversion using completely organic methods and they should achieve full organic status by 2012.
The proofs that GM huge industrial monocultures and Roundup herbicide are destroying the earth’s environment and human health are completely censured and ignored, due to intense lobbying and pressure from sold-out individuals at the United States Department of Agriculture and the Federal Drug Administration.
From that point on, they made occasional appearances at clubs like Fantasy's, the Palms and the Starship, but it was at Teddy's that they really established a residency. They'd often play gigs with local pop heroes, Yipes!, and before long they got to open shows for The Romantics, Greg Kihn, and others. They'd also head out to Madison, Green Bay, Chicago, upper Michigan, and other nearby spots to play shows.
Then there was Funky Fred, the most inept and least funky of all teachers, nay people, I have ever come across. I don’t even know if his real name was Fred. It just fitted with “Funky”. “Funky Brendan” or “Funky Arthur” wouldn’t have had the same pzazz.
In My Time of Dying
I love the definition of this word, but even more so that the etymology is “a wandering through.” Isn’t that just marvelous? When I was 19 I read the Tao Te Ching, and it was the most astonishing thing I felt I’d ever read. I understood it on a very intuitive level. Perhaps it appealed to the poetic sensibilities rooted inside me. In any case, reading the Tao began a 20 year relationship with reading Asian philosophy and religion in translation. It more often than not makes more sense to me than Western religion. I’ve been reading Moon in a Dewdrop: Writings of Zen Master Dogen (translated by Kazuaki Tanahashi) for a while. I can’t seem to let myself finish it. It’s so rich.
Walk 4.4mph or slower 1 minute, Run 6.8mph 1 minute
Perfect security requires a level of perfection that simply doesn’t exist, and in fact isn’t likely to ever exist. This is true for software as well as virtually all fields of human interest. Software development is an imperfect science, and all software has bugs. Some of them can be exploited to cause security breaches. That’s just a fact of life. But even if software could be made perfect, it wouldn’t solve the problem entirely. Most attacks involve, to one degree or another, some manipulation of human nature—this is usually referred to as social engineering. Raise the cost and difficulty of attacking security technology, and bad guys will respond by shifting their focus away from the technology and toward the human being at the console. It’s vital that you understand your role in maintaining solid security, or you could become the chink in your own systems’ armor.
After class, Brenda and Natalie see a gathering of students outside reading the school newspaper. Reese, a member of the security staff, is trying to confiscate the papers, with little success. On the front page is a story about Michelle Mancini, the girl who died in the opening scene. As Brenda reads the article out loud, Natalie looks stunned.
Well, as luck would have it, today I found myself watching a film about a man with a similar problem, to wit The Incredible Hulk, directed by Louis Leterrier. This movie is a bold new concept as far as a wannabe summer blockbuster goes in that it’s a special-effects-laden adaptation of a classic American comic book. A bit of a gamble, I know. Who comes up with these crazy ideas?
More interestingly, an object's average distance from the sun is directly proportional to the time it takes to complete one orbit. Those little numbers at the bottom of each Kirkwood gap (3:1, 5:2, 7:3, and 2:1) correspond with the number of orbits the asteroid makes in a given time versus the number of orbits Jupiter makes. This is what's known as an "orbital resonance". A similar phenomenon occurs with particles in the rings of Saturn in resonance with Saturn's moons, as well as Kuiper Belt objects in resonance with Neptune.
Sahm was a child prodigy -- a pop-music Mozart who began performing at age six and released his first record when he was 11. He was on stage with Hank Williams, Sr., in Austin, Texas, on December 19, 1952. It was Williams's last performance -- he died in the back seat of a car on New Year's Eve.
I told him he could save them but I wasn't going to keep them any longer. The last time Walt and I had been to Montreal was 1989 for one day, when we were visiting a friend in Ottawa and took a day trip. Before that, it was 1984 and 1980. I wasn't sure which trip was the source of the old Canadian money. I have little plastic bags full of Belgian francs and Italian lire at home, not to mention Irish pounds and Central African francs. All added up, it's not worth more than 30 or 40 dollars. Some of it is certainly worthless by now, but the bills are colorful and attractive.
Soon it was time for dinner and I had a surprise for them, we made trail brownies and boy were they a hit! After dinner we had fun making a boondoggle and enjoying a wonderful fire! The skies cleared and the stars were just amazing. Soon we were all ready for a good night’s sleep and planned a leisurely hike out the next day – since we practically ran the trail the day before to beat the rain… Not long after we went to our tents I hear a rustling near where we hung our trash. I got out the flashlight and saw the biggest raccoon of my life and he had just pulled out of the bottom of our trash bag what was left of the brownies…he took off and I did not bother chasing him. I went and tied the trash 4 ft off the ground instead of 2 and a half and went to bed knowing that coon was in for one big sugar crash in a couple hours…
Don't forget, the last day to purchase retired stamp sets will be May 31st. After that, the stamp sets will no longer be available to purchase.
Gentlemen, the offering of such an homage as has been arranged this evening to the Ācāryadeva is not a sectarian concern, for when we speak of the fundamental principle of gurudeva, or ācāryadeva, we speak of something that is of universal application. There does not arise any question of discriminating my guru from yours or anyone else’s. There is only one guru, who appears in an infinity of forms to teach you, me, and all others.
Who do you think he is?
that’s how i truly love you. with that i’m far too certin!!! happy 10th month!
1 Apologetic Shoulder Blades 2:30
See, to save space on my laptop, what I would do is go into my music files and delete the MP3s, but keep the song info in my iTunes. That way, when I'd update my iPod, it would "trick" the iPod into thinking the music was still there, and it wouldn't automatically delete the songs. Well, the iTunes had its revenge for all of my shenanigans.
Pleading to our aching soles
For $1,500 per bus, Carrollton-based AdComp Systems installs a 26-inch flat screen TV at the front of the bus. The screen plays videos supplied by NASA, the Discovery network, History Channel and others.
4) I don’t go out frequent.. I prefer to stay home with my girl
Vince Vaughn does mostly comedies too. I guess you can say his role in the ever popular Wedding Crashers solidified his popularity in such films.
The trial of Anthony Marshall, only son of philanthropist Brooke Astor, who died in August 2007, is under question after a juror on the case has said she was frightened into her decision.
Now, get out your stamps and get crafty with the Pixies!!!! You have until Wednesday, April 25th at 7:00 PM EST to add your link below. A winner will be announced with the
I used a selection of millspun yarns for this one, it felt like such a cheat!!, but there was a heavy cotton content so it was a whole new ball-game for me. More of a wrap this one rather than a scarf.
Like this little shot in the grass yesterday evening, just as it was finally cooling off after a 90 degree day:
One is a road less traveled, promises a big adventure.
The fourth said, “You know how Mamma loved reading the Bible and you know she can’t read anymore because she can’t see very well. I met this preacher who told me about a parrot that can recite the entire Bible. It took twenty preachers 1 1/2 years to teach him. I had to pledge to contribute $100,000 a year for twenty years to the church, but it was worth it. Mamma just has to name the chapter and verse and the parrot will recite it.” The other brothers were impressed.
Winning caption (by CyberPete) for Tatas’ pic…
Secretary of Transportation: Chesley Sully Sullenberger.
We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us.
"He's mental man!"
Another key problem is that notions of scarcity are based on a static view of the internal capacity of states to change in response to dwindling resource availability – what has been termed their “adaptive capacity.” For this reason future projections of scarcity – such as those given for the Nile Basin states above – presuppose that states will not adapt effectively in the meantime, and that there are not major differences in capacity to cope with change between different states, either economically, socially, or both (the work of Ohlsson, Turton, and others takes the argument further).
I now have a total of 10 major and 15 minor elements I use to determine the quality of my trades and all are completely memorized. For those that I have taught this to, I give them a check list and it only takes a few months for them to internalize and memorize it. This makes a huge difference.
Mozart/Schikaneder's symbols? You don't have to look far in the hieroglyphics to find images of a three-headed serprent, which might have attacked Tamino; nor for images of creatures half human, half animal - mostly gods, of course. Is Papageno perhaps an Egyptian god in disguise? Either way, he would have had a field day with the Egyptian birdlife.
story– the black driver at the airport
How embarrassing! How terrifying to know that Jesus himself felt that way about them!
This unwavering acceptance of her metamorphosis is also symbolic of faith. Here the butterfly beckons us to keep our faith as we undergo transitions in our lives. She understands that our toiling, fretting and anger are useless against the turning tides of nature – she asks us to recognize the same.
You can find her at:
On to the swimming pool for some exercise after a long day’s driving. After dropping the kid off in the hotel room with a gourmet meal and her declaration, “This is the life!”, I headed downstairs to find the hubby. We scarfed down a Frybread Chicken Taco, played penny slots because we aren’t gamblers and headed to the bar for a drink before calling it a night.
Hannah starts Pre-school this week! I am so proud and so excited. More on that later :)
Ears listening for the magical sound of your voice,
She bounced off the couch, our conversation apparently finished. Before bolting from the room, she turned to me.
Guillermo Wild, vice-president of the Uruguayan-British chamber of Commerce said the piece from The Sun was ‘confusing’.
(Thanks for the MANY well wishes)
Now, the main disadvantage of the album, let's face it, is the length. As far as I know, they included every single song from their stage set on this album, and as a result this sucker is a triple album well over two hours in length (though this hugeness is muted nowadays given that it fits comfortably into two CDs). Also, the emphasis is clearly on the epics, and even the songs that were originally 'short' (i.e. less than ten minutes) are often expanded greatly. There's also the issue of sound quality; it doesn't bother me as much as it once did, but there's little question that it's on par with that of a typical bootleg.
Once the tour was finished, we were free to go up to the famous view point, and take that much captured view. The sun came out just at the right point to make the greens stand out nicely on this one. It really did take my breath away.
“Why has she given me all this extra work to do with the rose?” he thought as he copied each petal carefully. “It does add to the composition, though”. As he was drawing the thorns on the stem, he thought about how much a rose is like a woman; beautiful to look at, but hurtful if not handled correctly.
Authors who aren't getting as many downloads per book as they once were might be tempted to extrapolate that data point across the entire freebook model. But just because we're tempted to do something, doesn't mean it's the right thing to do.
4. Pick up the paper.
Transcript under the video
Photo: JPEG (Exif 2.2.1), TIFF, BMP, GIF, PNG
I can hardly wait to make the big reveal...keep checking back daily for updates and I will make sure I keep you posted as to when the move will take place!
So have a lovely day...and Ooh wasn't The Voice good !!...really loved Jaz....and OMG... Ruth was amazing too....but wasn't keen on Sam...or was it the song??
5% Crystal
Angry genious stuff: spazzy and fast–I resist the temptation to list influential bands (egh, egh, okay just one) like Cinemechanica because they did a lot of cool things but I would never listen to them these days. Duck Little Brother Duck ;BATS (OK, I don’t love the screaming but they redeem themselves.) Giraffes!Giraffes! are a fantastic duo who play as if they each had 5 arms. They wear animal masks.
Martha Grimes
read by these authors are. :) i'm very excited our fearless leader Rachel and nookboards.com has given
For some people, it is a good time for planning new projects and ventures around the home that may include doing necessary repairs, painting, and a general sprucing up. More extensive plans may also be considered along with other major home improvement projects. Spring cleaning is an annual event when a more thorough cleaning of the home is undertaken, and also a time to dispose of accumulated items that are no longer wanted or needed.
So, welcome to Nikko!
670g Butter
Roasted Red Pepper Dressing
I dunno --
Europe, at least in the form of political assertions, wants its successful and often overcrowded populations to dilute their creative capacity with counter-cultural immigrants from failed nations.
For producers, age statements are a double-edged sword. Without them, the producer has more flexibility. Age, after all, is just a number. The maturity of the whiskey as reflected in its taste is what matters. These days, when most producers are struggling to meet demand, age statements can seem like more trouble than they're worth.
And, then we have Jack. Now remember that we had no bats or balls on this particular day. This minor fact did not stop Jack. He was very, very into this pretend game of baseball.
This is three coats. The formula was smooth and it's so shiny! I really like this color. It's too bad it's discontinued, but then again there are a lot of red jellies with gold shimmer so it's not too big a loss.
In 2 Corinthians 11:14, the devil, himself, is “transformed into an angel of light”. The purpose is to make himself appeal to the gullible. Another verse that informs us that angels are communicating, or trying to communicate with the typical religious person is 1 Corinthians 13:1. “Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels” shows us that angels are using available men to spread false doctrine.
when the hammer blow falls
1. LOCAL BLOGGERS BRUNCH
During the evening’s celebrations, we were able to take a look at the kitchen where Angela and her colleagues teach. It’s fairly intimate, ensuring participants in the classes would never be part of too big a group, and would no doubt get plenty of one to one time with their tutor. All of the facilities are state of the art, with equipment looking almost brand new, and the finish of the kitchen itself is absolutely beautiful.
(My source of information, a.k.a. my mom, now tells me this photo is actually my dad’s Mother and not my dad’s Grandmother as I had previously indicated. We’ll get this straight yet!)
Justin and I have been married for a little over 8 years. And over those 8 years, there is one thing that is blatantly clear.
Before I go further I should add that resilience doesn’t mean being perky, positive and cheerful in the face of adversity. Actually that’s probably the worst thing because you’d probably be closing off to your inner self, shutting down and way out of alignment.
Old Town
When my dad got back from his walk this morning my mom was confused. She doesn't know what day of the week it is or that they are going to conference next week in CT. She doesn't know where my brother lives or the name of her grandchild. She keeps asking my dad the same questions.
And the emotions burrowed. They went subterranean and I can feel them there, like a splinter in my body.
(Dotty, you can just copy the picture or whatever, but you have to add your own text. You don’t have to answer 27 questions about yourself or pass this on to anybody, but I suppose you can if you want to)…
Dr. William Henry 'Bill' Cosby, Jr., Ed. D.
1 assured
After months of work trying to update and ready the blog, along with countless delays due to being overwhelmed with offline life, the 2011 Newfoundland Labrador Blogger's Choice awards are set to launch... and this time (for the first time) a date for the launch has firmly been set: Thursday September 15th.
Maybe, but we will never see high enough level to worry about it.
Finally, kind of a side note here. The story broke 24 hours before this blog (which probably makes it the most up-to-date one I’ve written), but Barcelona lodged a formal complaint with UEFA about the state of the San Siro pitch. It’s convenient for Arsenal, since nobody would have cared had we made a fuss after the 4-0, and we get to see how the issue plays out without risking looking like bad losers.
· They peg those that question their authority as bound by religion, legalistic, divisive, narrow minded, rebellious, and demonic
He has shit for brains
I can face the fear
I feel like Ive been stuck in Ground Hog Day. Every day feels exactly the same. Im not sure how to break the rut.
is an eye that meets not mine,
The Court states, first, that the copyright protection provided for by the Database Directive concerns the ‘structure’ of the database, and not its ‘contents’. That protection does not extend to the data itself. In that context, the concepts of ‘selection’ and of ‘arrangement’ within the meaning of the directive refer respectively to the selection and the arrangement of data, through which the author gives the database its structure. By contrast, those concepts do not extend to the creation of the data contained in that database. Consequently, the intellectual effort and skill of creating data are not relevant in order to assess the eligibility of the database that contains them for the copyright protection provided for by the directive.In the present case, the effort and skill of creating the lists relate to the creation of the same data contained in the base. As a consequence, that effort and skill are, in any event, of no relevance in order to assess the eligibility of the football fixture lists concerned for the copyright protection provided for by the directive. The Court then observes that the notion of ‘intellectual creation’, which is a necessary condition in order to be eligible for copyright protection, refers to the sole criterion of originality. As regards the setting up of a database, that criterion of originality is satisfied when, through the selection or arrangement of the data which it contains, its author expresses his creative ability in an original manner by making free and creative choices. By contrast, that criterion is not satisfied when the setting up of the database is dictated by technical considerations, rules or constraints which leave no room for creative freedom. The ‘addition of important significance’ to the data by their selection or arrangement in the
Pressed Powder (Brown Bronze 2)
About half the nation’s states restrict municipal broadband. The N.C. Cable Telecommunications Association says local governments have an unfair advantage over Time Warner or other providers because they don’t pay taxes and consequently have significantly lower operating costs.
It’s clear that in developing such as system that Martin Van Buren
How much do you travel?
What I think this means, in light of the TV Addict article about romance on television, is that in the case of Lost, traditional, "slow burning flame" type romance in the style of Darcy and Elizabeth and now Jack and Kate ultimately outlasts seasonal, "roaring fire" type love like Sawyer and Kate's. Still, one type of relationship is absolutely not more valid than another and I don't think the show was trying to make it appear so. Kate and Sawyer's love was real, and everything it was meant to be: passionate, intense, and short-lived. Jack and Kate's love was equally real. But subtler, slower, and eternal. And therefore, less popular in a 2-second attention span consumer society.
“Innovation is critical to our success and Canada’s record is only average,” he said. Because both innovation and productivity gains are both essential to a strong economy in a high-dollar world, Canada would do well to focus its attention here.
So, where was I? Oh right, Geek Fonzie and Clara are about to get hot and heavy, but she decides to tell him about Candyman first. Yeah, nothing sets a sexy mood like a guy with one hand "sawn off"(her phrase) who murders people because they know his name.
Publish a community or resident handbook
The 49-year-old, from Edinburgh, worked for Mr Brons at an office in the centre of the Capital.
I am a proponent of teaching kids organizational skills, just like any other life skill - hand washing, polite speaking, and nice treatment to animals. We organize lots at my house (see my Organizing the Kitchen series) and I like discussing with Ty and Za where items belong, and why this goes here, that there, etc. Picking up is part of life, so we do it.
Blinkie: Manufacturer coupon from a (usually) blinking dispenser near the item in a store. May be used at any store.
3. Heat skillet over medium heat. Spray pan with cooking spray. Scoop 1/4 cup batter onto skillet per pancake.
After she became unable to read she didn’t know what to do with her hands while she and Dad watched TV, so she picked. If she found a loose thread, she pulled at it until she unraveled a hem, or if she found a rough spot on her arm or her face, she scratched and picked it raw. If she found a stiff hair on her chin, she tried to tweeze it with her fingernails until the surrounding skin was red and angry looking. And she couldn’t keep her hands off her teeth. She had some bone loss around the roots of her lower front teeth causing them to loosen. After she moved into a residential care facility where she no longer had me constantly reminding her to leave them alone, she worried two of them right out of her mouth.
Visually the movie delivers CGI beasties by the bucketful. In particular Cronos was a sight to see, and was probably one of the biggest villains I’ve seen in a while. The other monsters were well done and I liked some of the details they used. For instance the chimera has one head that breathes acid while the other one sets that acid on fire. It’s a nice touch. Also while I didn’t watch Clash in 3D, I did hear that it was shockingly bad. Well the 3D this time is a lot better, though I’m not sure if the movie really needed it other than to boost box office. Still Liebesman has a good handle on action, which is good as this is the main reason will see this movie.
And how can I forgive his betrayal and even be open to reconciliation?
Now, to continue my bat (MOTH!) story...
A week later I was hitchhiking, and the lawyer who was in the courtroom at my hearing picked me up and we laughed all the way through town. It was just a ridiculous coincidence.
Famous People with Life Path 9
Festuca idahoensis (Idaho Fescue)
I don't even care, I don't know why am I crying. Fuck this, this is my last year, then I'm going to do whatever the fuck I want to. And I'm not saying that I don't want you in my life, I'm just saying that I'll be finally free to say anything I want, do anything I feel like doing.
One of the privileges, and sometimes curse, that I have as a manager for a ministry is to receive a great deal of books from authors and publishers looking for my review, recommendation, and potential interview. The problem with all of this is that I tend to get more books than I can read, and far more than I have time to review. In the end, I see this role as a privilege to offer council to the reading public – to inform them of great books, warn them of potential problems, and critique diviations from orthodoxy.
*The first round of the French elections were today. About a week ago they put up campaign posters. I'm talking one poster per candidate. ONE week ago. Look at them... it's like Photoshop hasn't come to France yet. Well, maybe it actually hasn't. I wouldn't be surprised.
Unless written so by the one known as The Former White Hat, any posting on the Fulford Blog has been fabricated by agents of the Cabal or a clone.
I had nothing to do with it. It was Re misjudging his bite.
That can’t be so difficult can it?
For the fashionista who is also a thinking feminist there was an article in their Opinion section exploring the theme of plastic surgery and whether the artificial is now accepted as being normal. While acknowledging the insidious invasion of this mindset into modern society is not actually a new phenomenon, there is a healthy debate as to whether this is a good or bad thing.
maximum class size is 12 people - so take the day off work and register soon...all skill levels welcome, and newbies too!
But yeah…if you want to start on the wrong foot with me, it would be by calling me “Cassie,” 4 minutes into meeting me. LOL!
I've gotten a lot of food for thought from all of you over the past few days, and considering how little time for thought I've had, I appreciate that you're all feeding me. Or something like that. I'm still a little tired from the redeye last night to create metaphors that make much sense outside of my own brain.
I think this girl is a totally babe. She's the perfect thinspo for me because she's my age and around my current weight (136-137lbs), although she is taller than me at around 5'7.5" and I'm 5'4.5".
As Kevin modestly explained: “This brew, while loaded with hops, was designed to be big yet enjoyable for all levels of drinkers. For the extreme hop heads, there are moments when the hop bitterness shines through. For those partial to red/English pales, there’s plenty of body and malt complexity.”
I’m featuring another of my wonderful mommy’s recipes. She picked this particular recipe up from our long-time family friend, Adil, who was born in India. Over the years this dish has been adapted and morphed into what I will be showing you tonight. This is my first time delving into this recipe without my mom, so bear with me!
Though, really, I expect for neither to actually go for it. They make money from software sales, and nobody’s going to buy software that’s overpriced, especially if they’re tied to one system. I know I’d end up having to get two of the system because I might be moving out soon and my brothers and I share games, so it would cause extra, unnecessary trouble. As such, whoever does this loses my money, and I buy a lot of games. Not that just my wallet will have any significant effect, but yeah.
AIM was formed in I969, and it grew spectacularly in the I970s. Its annual income rose from $5,000 in I97I to $I.5 million in the early I980s, with funding mainly from large corporations and the wealthy heirs and foundations of the corporate system. At least eight separate oil companies were contributors to AIM in the early I980s, but the wide representation in sponsors from the corporate community is impressive. The function of AIM is to harass the media and put pressure on them to follow the corporate agenda and a hard-line, right-wing foreign policy. It presses the media to join more enthusiastically in Red-scare bandwagons, and attacks them for alleged deficiencies whenever they fail to toe the line on foreign policy. It conditions the media to expect trouble (and cost increases) for violating right-wing standards of bias.
“What happened?” Hank suppressed his volume but not completely.
Besides the webpage being slashed to nothing more than a poorly made flier it looked like to me that Strikeforce was doomed just shortly after Zuffa had purchased them and claimed “business as usual”. For Strikeforce it didn’t seem like that to them, they started losing major stars immediately: Jake shields, Mayhem Miller, Nick Diaz, Dan Henderson just to name a few jumped ship to the UFC. Shortly after losing a majority of their talent Zuffa announced Strikeforce’s heavyweight division would be coming to an end also. The end of a powerful division and one that really kept them fight against UFC before the purchase. Now the UFC has obtained heavyweights: Alistair Overeem, Chad Griggs, and Werdum. UFC should also get Barnett and Cormier after their fight along with a few others.
Contact: USDLA HQ
The superintendence of the garden is left to Miss Kate Hall, who takes charge of the Borough of Stepney Museum in Whitechapel Road, and also of the charming little nature-study museum in the St. George's Churchyard Garden. What formerly was the mortuary has been turned to good account, and hundreds of children in the borough benefit by Miss Hall's instruction. Aquaria both for fresh-water fish and shells, and salt-water collections, with a lobster, starfish, sea anemones, and growing sea weeds are to be seen, and moths, butterflies, dragon-flies, pass through all their stages, while toads, frogs, and salamanders and such-like are a great delight. The hedgehog spends his summer in the garden, and hibernates comfortably in the museum. The bees at work in the glass hive are another source of instruction. Outside the museum a special plot is tended by the pupils, who are allowed in turn to work, dig, and prune, and who obtain, under the eye of their sympathetic teacher, most creditable results.
July 29 Crop Night 6pm-midnight
I took it upon myself at that moment to reveal the following: My favorite part is the shower. It's true... it is. I love that feeling of taking a cold shower and getting clean after a good, hot, sweaty workout when I've pushed myself to the limit.
With a good old ‘Jesus Christ!’
Following the blog or my Twitter isn’t mandatory, but it is appreciated.
Rennard Clayton says that his business plan is the reason his company got off the ground. Before starting A+ Inspection Services in Allentown, Pennsylvania nine years ago, Clayton spent four months part-time creating an approximately 15-page plan that outlined estimated salary, expenses and a solid strategy for gaining new business.
I apologize for not get to every one's blog
Maybe I'll hit the jackpot in my dreams eh? (worth a shot...I'll let you know)
Dr. Peg Syverson, UT Professor, Rhetoric & Composition
Other: Pearls, Flower Sticker by K & Co, button by CTMH, lace, piercer, ink, Copics, Colored Pencils, Gamsol, Maya Road pins, Sizzix Die Flourishes, Jewelry Tag
I have been working on making prints available of my paintings,,,what an ordeal !!!
It’s time for another edition of Cocktail Fridays! If you were like me and had a super long week, I’m sure you are all ready for a few cocktails. Courtesy of my last trip to Grand Cayman comes the Cotton-tini, appropriately from Cotton Tree, the Cayman Islands’ first boutique cottage hotel. So, Single Guides, paint the town red tonight!
Documentation experience for web specifications, business rules & flow Highly desired 5 Years 3 – Expert
If you knew that having a child would result in even one animal being tortured and killed, would you knowingly get pregnant or get someone else pregnant?
Congratulations Julie from Aplharetta, Georgia!
At that moment, my entire world , as I’d lived my entire life, changed.
“Why?” he asked. He had a slight crack in his voice that made me think that if I had known him during puberty I would have teased him for his girl voice.
She kept on, becoming more and more upset.
In the first year or two of our marriage, he said to me, “If you ever cheat on me, you want to know what I’ll do?”
Her hearts are stones
“This is not good, my friend. This is not good at all.”
1. Dry roast the peanuts on medium flame till they crack.
Marriage equality supporters have described the church's campaign as "alarmist" and rejected claims gay marriage would undermine family life or damage society.
Bunny has been water color painted and 3D layered for deep dimension. Image was then framed with Spellbinders nesting ovals with using a brown Bazzill Bling scalloped background which I then hand beaded in sea green seed beads.
Ever since then I’ve been very interested in style, especially when I feel insecure or inadequate and need a confidence boost. So if I’ve got a big meeting or complex situation I think carefully about what I’m going to wear. Indeed, if I look back on my life over the last decade or so, whenever there has been a really big issue on the horizon or new job that I don’t feel quite up to, or a complex situation that I feel is beyond me I have often taken refuge in clothing appropriate to that context. I figure if you don’t know quite what you are doing, if you at least look like you do, or look the part, or look like belong you might just be able to hide behind the outfit. And people may not see the kid nearly paralysed by stage fright; they might instead see the character that you are playing. Most importantly, you might just find that you feel differently, just a wee bit less lacking in confidence when you are appropriately attired.
Not all the bakers showed such talent.
Anyway, I would enjoy seeing that exhibition.
Poke long-tined fork into top of warm cake every 1/2 inch, wiping fork occasionally to reduce sticking.
On Tuesday, (10/11/2011), the U.S. Supreme Court declined to review Mumia Abu-Jamal's case. Prosecutor's will now have to accept the life sentence already issued, or pursue a second death penalty sentence. If City Prosecutors do decide to pursue a re-hearing, it will cost the city millions of dollars. I'm going to sit back and wait to see if the city continues to waste money pursuing this.
Back in Trondheim again after a week at the Bluetooth UPF-36 in Beijing. That was my first trip to China. It's somewhat overwhelming to go straight from sleepy Trondheim to Beijing in one day. There are 5 times as many people in Beijing as there are in the entire country of Norway. I went with 2 other engineers from Nordic and we stayed in the Intercontinental Hotel which is basically across the street from most of the Olympic venues that were built for the 2008 Olympics. It seems like they don't really know what to do with all of it now though. All the buildings have big white fences built to keep people out, although you can walk up and down the open area between the bird's next stadium and the other buildings. The hotel is very nice, partly because there is approximately 1 employee for every 2 guests. Any hotel or restaurant manager in the U.S. would have a heart attack if they saw how many people were working there. Most of them sort of standing around until somebody told them to do something. The staff was quite helpful though and many of them spoke english well enough to figure out what we were asking for. I did get admonished once by one of the bellhops for giving a taxi driver too big of a tip. The bill was 33 yuan ( about 5 dollars ) and I gave him 40. The bellhop rushed over and said "no no! bill 33 yuan you should only give him 34 now!" Well I thought a 3% tip seemed a bit stingy so I let him keep the 40.
31. “Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.” –Jim Rohn
Optional : 1/4 teaspoon vanilla
Today from the Want2Scrap Team, we have their design team member Terre Fry and from Graphic 45 join Gloria and Nancy and myself for some inspiring projects!!!Make sure that you stop by each designers' blog, the Graphic 45 Blog and Want2Scrap blog for your chance to win a bunch of amazing goodies!
I fell on to the couch and kissed my girl. It’s obvious, to me, that if we could just fall into each other and make a gayby, it would’ve happened already. Thankfully, we can keep talking about it. After all, I absolutely love talking to her. I want to talk to her for the rest of my life. It’s the best thing ever.
I'm back with some inspirational pictures which I mainly found over at tumblr. I gotta admit that I'm also tumblr addicted and get most of my inspiration for where I want to go with my style from this marvelous place (lol.)
They're all so cute, well maybe with one exception: the Turken, like I said: it looks like a Buzzard!!! :O
So my profiter rolls killed it, but I needed something lovely to make me happy, and I feel like I’ve not stopped eating today. But yeah hopefully the extra pound will go tomorrow, but back to the lack of carbs tomorrow.
And only an economical (NOT!) $0.05 to receive a text from me? But wait – is it costing me $0.50 to send him a text?!?! And $0.05 to receive?!
He rose from death, o’er sin victory
This week, the new DiCaprio film “J.Edgar” is on release, which reminds me of Cohen’s great film of 1977, covering the same ground: “The Private Files of J.Edgar Hoover”. This must be seen, if for no other reason than the fact that it stars Broderick Crawford as Hoover. In addressing one of his FBI agents, he delivers the line, “You have a tendency to 5 o’clock shadow – shave twice a day”. Quite why this is brilliant coming from Crawford, I’m not sure – would it be as resonant from DiCaprio,though? The film has Dan Dailey as Clyde Tolson, Hoover’s (alleged) lover. The cast list, in fact, is full of famous names from the 50s.
Accessories - lace (Kaisercraft), satin ribbon (fabric store), resin charm (CTMH)
COPE’s guidelines have no binding power for whistleblowers and bloggers, though, whose primary goal is to establish absolute data transpareny in science. A a consequence the scientific public might be able to decide autonomously.
This won’t be the first time Justin and Suzanne have worked together. Justin was Suzanne’s co-host on GAC’s Inside the WNFR pre-show, which aired before the 2011 live telecast of the WNFR. A PRCA announcer since 1993, Justin will be both on-air and in the arena, including announcing duties at Wrangler Million Dollar Gold Tour events in St. Paul, OR, Cheyenne, WY and Ellensburg, WA.
This girl knows how to do things in style (Pics are below). Cancer council's colours of yellow and white featured throughout with flowers and a canopy of balloons and streamers cascading down through the middle of the room. There were kid height tables set up with, yellow table cloths and small white bowls full of every conceivable topping for a cupcake you could ever think of, along with bowls of brightly coloured icing. Cupcake stands full of cupcakes were just waiting to be decorated.
She's The One
Feliz día del cinco de mayo!
Creating struggle.
Jeffrey M. Dingle, 32, New York, N.Y.
My favorite books are Christine (Stephen King), The Invisible Man (Ralph Ellison), Neuromancer (William Gibson), American Psycho (Bret Easton Ellis), All the King’s Men (Robert Penn Warren), Bright Lights, Big City (Jay McInerney), Selected Short Stories of Philip K Dick (Philip K Dick), Class Reunion (Rona Jaffe), Dune (Frank Herbert), and I am Legend (Richard Matheson).
Hopefully there's more impressive beer than these in the Saltaire line-up.
It's Monday!
As for a two letter curse, I suggest "ug". I'ts already used as a groan as a
When you are all
things have been so busy lately but i have made so much progress in terms of the wedding! i decided to start collecting various milk-glass pieces for the flower arrangements for the reception. my mom and i have been antiquing like mad and i've collected about a dozen pieces so far. i promise i'll post pics soon. i can't wait to see them on the tables with white hydrangeas or peonies or gardenias or magnolias -- i know! i need to talk to a florist and start making some decisions! anyway, is anyone else collecting milk glass? i think it's a beautiful way to incorporate history as well as a wonderful way to recycle beautiful things from the past. and it's been so much fun!
Now I don’t believe in God, but if there is some kind of holy deity that one day, in its infinite wisdom, decided it would be a rather spiffing idea to create us wonders of the universe, then surely the biggest mistake he or she ever made was giving us the freedom to make our own choices. Mainly for the fact that we humans are all incredibly stupid and will surely always make the wrong one at any given opportunity. That's a proven fact. Give an idiot freedom of choice, and we will surely pick the worst one every single time.
I’m the kind of writer that likes that cup of coffee in a quiet place and days of solitude so it’s hard to make myself get out in public and put my book out there. A friend called from Denver and asked if I’d seen last Sunday’s Denver Post. Under an article headlined “Historic peeks into storied Colorado locales” was a review of my book Ouray. This week has been a reminder that I need to get myself more out of my everyday world of being on call for everyone and everything and schedule in more writing time.
Does this mean I have a beef with replacement guitarists? Not by a long shot. What it does mean though is that true to the nature of a douche, little of his accomplishments can be attributed to his own merits. He’s pretty much a great covers player and did some guitar work for other bands including Slash’s Snakepit. That means he’s a second fiddle, that means he’s not a superstar, that means people can stop sucking on his cock right about… umm.. now.
As we settle into this new schedule I find myself much less stressed (at least till 3 pm when everyone is home again.) As soon as my iphone decides it's done syncing with my computer I will upload some pics of the kids from the first day of school. For now I am going to go put Caden on the bus and clean the bathroom while the babies sleep.
I've been surprised the past week to see people I expected to really dig this movie call it out for not being very good. One person whose opinion I used to respect got very condescending about it--disagree with me all you want, it's just a movie; but don't be the guy lecturing people about how they're wrong to enjoy something because you're the one who can see through the bullshit. I try not to be that guy, because everyone kind of wants to punch that guy. I'll tell you I hated a movie--Avatar, for example--and I'll tell you I hated it in declarative statements (almost like a real writer), but I'm never going to tell you that you're stupid for liking something that gave you enjoyment. At least, I try not to. I'll get annoyed by things that people do, but when it comes to liking a movie, I'm never going to do anyone's thinking for them; I can only tell you what my reactions were.
Watching this film made me realise that we are no longer used to paying the kind of attention it requires from us (some people walked out of the cinema well before the scene in which Jacinta appears) - an attention to mood and emotion and psychology and relationships rather than event - and the deep satisfactions it yields. We have been schooled for crass over-the-top drama, and I think our response to both films and literature is affected.
95. This Kid Named Miles ft. Todd - Ring Of Fire (4:11)
Although I'm not a Braves fan, I truly wish Chipper well on his farewell lap of both leagues, but no matter what happens, he goes out a winner in my book, and it won't be long before we're talking about him as the next great Hall-of-Famer of our time! Hats off to you on a legendary career, Larry.
"Why can't I see them? Quentin! Why can't I see the cartoons?"
It’s a seasonal thing with me. When it’s warm there is nothing that can quench my thirst like ice cold beer. I absolutely love it. I drink lots of it in the winter but… We were just out sailing on Sunday and I had an extra ice chest in the back of the boat for beer which of course is Dos Equis… I fall in love with their Amber. I keep it real cold. I like beer so cold that I’ll actually put ice in it sometimes.
In the study tourists were also asked to rank each city in terms of which was the most romantic, expensive, cultural, modern, most fascinating, historic, smallest, greenest, most unique and most eventful.
2. Overheated Property Market
For the 1st time in my brief running career I was high-fived by another runner. Yes folks, she ran across my path and slapped me one! Of course she could have just been giving me mad props on my bad ass running skills OR she just wanted to get a closer look at my stunning albeit confusing outfit. This was mile 2, I might have been quite the hot mess. You decide. I’m going with props for my skills.
the first time, here is the full story of that glorious, doomed conflict.
This is a re-post of the original Disciple Program review that I posted on February 24th because....The Disciple Program just sold! With Mark Wahlberg and Morten Tyldum attached, an awesome new director who directed a film called "Headhunters" (google for the trailer). Congrats to Tyler. I know he had higher offers out there but his goal was to get this movie made so he's been carefully working with WME packaging the thing so that this is a movie and not just one of the 9 in 10 script sales that never gets made. I'll be putting together an interview with Tyler soon so we can go over all of the nitty gritty details with you guys. It's been pretty interesting watching the entire process of a script from that crazy first day to finally selling. Lots of stuff I never knew goes on behind the scenes. So for the weekend, chalk one up to SS and a fellow Scriptshadow reader. We're on the board!
You can add pieces directly on the long jute swag to add more interest if you want.
"They will love them so much, I just have a feeling they will even pin them on pinterest!"
While these inequalities are certainly unacceptable and likely down to a blend of all sorts of things, what I can say is this: devoting an inordinate amount of mental energy questioning a BASIC need for nourishment is not helping. We’ve got enough on our plates.
each others’
Let's talk about our playroom. I have had the hardest time deciding on and sticking to a color palette for this room. The original plan was navy and green. Then orange was added per Cade's request. Then I started working on the storage and we had some red bins so now we have a little red. I did the art work and also added in a little bit of aqua. I can't seem to decide on a wall color or find a rug that I like for what I am willing to pay. We have some work to do. :)
And dad would throw the garbage all across the floor
At 6pm, we had finished all that we had to do at the hospital and we were on our way home… just under 12 hours after we arrived! So our & Amara’s first night was spent at home.
So, writers among you - will you tell the rest of us? What do YOU write when you sign books?
The same beer won the Gold Award in the Champion Speciality Beer category, while the brewery’s Cascade Pale Ale scooped the Champion Premium Bitters prize.
sticker borders and the sentiment is also from SRM.
A jolly outing today with friend, G, to the small cathedral city of Ripon - a mere twenty five miles away. It is a blowy, stormy, sometimes-wet, sometimes-sunny day and quite cold with it and, as with all cathedrals, the wind really whistles round.
90) My dad was an engineer, mechanic, and all-around handyman type, and I always wanted to learn. Whenever I tried to get him to teach me things, he would tell me to go help my mother, and then he would make my brother come out to help. I finally learned to just not talk, stay on the sidelines, and learn by observing. I don't know why my dad was like that with me, as I was his favorite kid, and he definitely didn't think that chores or tasks fell along male/female lines. Years later, I'm still puzzling over that one.
There were a number of other exhibits. I left with over 200 pictures, but these two were my favorites so I felt like going into detail about them. Please check out the website if you have time because the other exhibits are impressive as well.
First of all. Call me old fashion but I don’t like my stuff all merged and shit. I know this is pretty popular now, starting with cuisine. Like how there are “Asian Fusion” restaurants and stuff. WTF is that?? Do they serve all Asian foods like a damn buffet?? That’s not kool. I guess it’s convenient to be able to try a lot of stuff in one place, but to me that just throws off the taste. You don’t get the authenticity; instead you get a “wannabe”. Oh shit, that kinda sorta rhymes. Lol. XD I know what I like and I don’t like it mixed in with random shit from another planet. So to me, there is such a thing as a cracker, and a thing called a potato chip. With that said…
Amber laughs, "Yeah because I make an effort. You're just too approachable and you really need to wear more makeup you could be so pretty." I know I should be offended but it's too funny. Plus apparently I could be pretty if I only tried harder!
This book is probably one of the riskiest books ever published. I say “risky” because it makes suicide seem so peaceful, so perfect and so right. When read it for the first time I actually felt at peace with the thought of my death, and I began to see suicide differently. I saw life exactly as the Lisbon sisters saw it, and saw little reason to live if life was going to continue as it was with no change. However, having said that I must say that this book is excellently written and for those who don’t contemplate suicide when reading it, I’d say it’s a must-read. It’s scary, it’s provocative, and it’s something that must be approached with the understanding that no two people can see things the same way.
Any Sox fans out there need a copy? Shoot me a message...
BOOM
You can't tell here, but it's actually the perfect shade of emerald. It looks kelly green here, but it has an ever so slight hint of blue in that green, that makes it more emerald. Of course that shade wasn't available in a spraypaint can, so I bought a quart of high gloss paint and sprayed it with my paint sprayer. After doing a coat of spray primer, I did 2 coats of paint. I can't wait to bring it home after work today!
But then I found this word: Taghairm. And I decided that I could not pass up the opportunity to be GRATEFUL that there are things that were done thenadays that we NO LONGER DO nowadays.
Post baby Benjamin, Gisele is unstoppable ! The Vogue covers is the result. Bravo Mrs.Brady !!
Just wanted to remind you NOT to miss the FNM this Friday! Why is it so important that you don’t miss it? Well, you get the Restoration Angel promo this Friday. I don’t believe you want to miss out on that!
Most of the time, I feel (superficially, in the consciousness) “neutral” or “colorless”, but I don’t feel sad about it. I can manage to produce some short-termed feelings of happiness or sadness at will, but choose neither. The meaningful choice would be happiness, but I perceive the arbitrary production of feelings of happines as “immature”, “irresponsible”, “naïve”, “unrealistic”, etc.
“Hey, Rue.”
Obama Tells ABC News Same-Sex Marriage Should Be Legal: President Obama declared for the first time on Wednesday that he supports same-sex marriage, putting the moral power of his presidency behind a social issue that continues to divide the country.
As entrepreneurs it is very easy for us to get wrapped up in the details of our everyday business. Targeting customers, marketing, manfufacturing, meetings, payroll, accounts payable, receivables, operations, sales, blah…blah…blah… But what are we missing? Have you ever made time on your endless to-do lists to work a little charity into the mix? Well, if not…you might just be missing out on a golden opportunity to help your community and your business! (Check with your accountant or tax advisor regarding potential tax deductibles related to charitable giving.)
503 **D-Fall/1950. “Some Thoughts on the Issues Arising in Connection with the Tax Measures of 1798 and 1799, with Some Glances at that Most Mischievous Concept of Progression.” Tax Seminar of Walter Blum and Harry Kalven, Jr., The Law School, The University of Chicago. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(5), above, pp. 240-51.)
When the party is officially thrown at the apartment, Lasher introduces William and Jane to "Bob," who doesn't say much. A stripper, Miss Camille de la Canorgue, puts on a performance in an alligator mask. Jane thinks she's awful.
Now, onto this weeks challenge. For this weeks challenge, the theme is Faith/Christmas In July. Please keep in mind that the challenge is optional. Any Christmas/Winter/Holiday card will do. Also, it's not necessary to use an SCRS rubber stamp in your creation, but we love it when you do.
Have you heard of “The ELF On The SHELF“? We received this gift from my father-in-law’s wife. You get the elf out before Christmas around the time you put out Christmas decoration and you are supposed to move his location everyday. He ‘watches’ the kids during the day so that the kids behave. To learn more about it, click here for the Elf on the Shelf homepage. Well, I have been a lousy mom and I kept forgetting to move him, so my 6-year-old daughter is skeptical of him! My younger one thinks he’s real though. Phew! I asked my older daughter why she doesn’t think he’s real and she said “because it came out of a box.” Dang, kids get smarter. We’ll see if they noticed where he is in the morning…
What I learned by looking at this friend list, is that these are the only people I need to please.
I have no idea how long this next chapter will take, but the therapist mentioned 6 months as a starting point. Not forever. But if we can work as partners for the kids, and have a loving peaceful home with respectful boundaries for everyone, then I can do this. I’m pretty sure he would no go to counseling if I kicked him out of the house, and making him stronger and healthier is a must for everyone, for him, for me, and for my kids who love him deeply. I will not sabotage the relationship with the kids, I simply will not permit the harsh words and belittling he used to inflict on all of us.
2. Thundercats- This was my husband’s absolute favourite cartoon. Even when talking about it he raised his hands above his head like Liono and pretended to hold a sword as he chanted “thundercats, thundercats, thundercats, hoooo”!
The scope of American government has ”checks and balances” which add guidance and sensibility to it’s powers. It also allows for local application of authority whenever possible. The same sort of design needs to be applied to the governing offices of our scholastic and professional sports organizations…
Twilight Singers - Dynamite steps
Even pregnant Snooki got into the mix of insults when stated to media recently, “I would die if I were her size”. Snooki’s co-star, DJ Pauly D got in two cents-worth by saying, “”She’s like 45 months pregnant right now!”
We've been after everyone possible to send us the material safety data sheets on what they're using and finally, after six weeks, we got them today. I spent most of my afternoon reading documents published by the NIH, EPA and other government agencies chartered to protect us from this crap. Score one for the nanny state.
Next: Jayne Jettpack pre-colored digi stamp; my 4 year old son kept asking what Jayne was doing and why was she like that....What to tell a 4 year old boy??? LOL!
Through him the courage appeared to live this life as I wanted to. Beyond grabbing and avarice and without bowing to the god or corporate safety.
I finished this book before 2011, but have only been able to review it now, so I won’t be adding this into the list of YA books I’m reading for my challenge.
8. hatching
Now comes the problem: getting those juicy off shore dollars repatriated. There are a number of schemes enumerated in the Slate article, most of which have seen better days, so now corporations are howling to repeat the “one-time” only maneuver blessed by Congress and the Bush administration in 2004. However, since the repatriated dollars were utilized mainly to repurchase stock and bonus executive employees, the corporations have been received a rather chilly reception.
Because the Manhattan project was a government/military project, a career officer named General Leslie Groves was placed in charge. In an unfortunate juxtaposition of personalities, Groves was a micromanaging, toe-the-line, precision-in-everything, engineering-mentality kinda guy. That’s not bad per se but most of the folks he was now in charge of were more, ummmnn, theoretical than that. Take the brilliant Leo Szliard who was responsible for many breakthroughs in this field. Leo did his best thinking in the bathtub or on long walks. To a guy like Groves, lying in the bathtub for half a day was not an effective use of time. Except, of course, that it was.
Prabhupada: What?
This younger version of me turns to me on the path. I look at his small frame and 1980's hair. I've got the photographs, even when I lose the head to remember, I hope that my one good eye can take in the continuing clarity of my ever developing polaroid’s which are stamped with the happy and sad of reality.
I will remember this in future!!!
What is 9-11 for us now except on the anniversary? It’s a reason you take your shoes off at the airport. It’s the reason everyone in America knows who Mohammed is and what a Mosque is. The word Jihad has crept into our language. We don’t even remember that the reason our young men and women are bleeding and dying in the Sandbox is to place themselves between our homes and those who would give everything to slaughter us.
Finishing Screnzy feels weird. I feel just as weird as I did after finishing NaNoWriMo: I’ve spent about a month working on something and then it’s just- done. Alright, not completely done, because I plan to edit it. I keep feeling like I really need to work on it, as if I haven’t yet met my page-count goal by the required date. But I have. I just did.
The PeerGroup is looking for artists and researchers willing to participate in their P.A.I.R. (Portable Artist in Residence) project. The P.A.I.R.-project promotes artistic social commitment while focusing attention on man and his surroundings. This year the P.A.I.R. theme is Landscape Population: the landscape and its meanings in relation to the inhabitants and other users will be looked at on different levels. The P.A.I.R. will be visiting the Wolden in the ‘Reestdal’, near the village De Wijk, in the north of the Netherlands (Drenthe) from the second half of September till the end of October to meet local inhabitants and to investigate their surroundings. On 13th of September also an art-route initiated by inhabitants will be opened in this area.
Nearly everyone on the planet becomes a citizen of some country at birth… either due to the citizenship of their parents or the country that they were born in. Most people live their entire lives with this sole citizenship, and usually reside in the same country.
I liked this one. Probably because I’m a sucker for a movie where the main character turns out to be something other and better than the loser he seems to be at the start. Perhaps I identify with characters like that. Perhaps I wish I’d turn out to be the hero who saves the day and gets the girl at the end. In my dreams I do. Only in my dreams.
Children are told the traditional career paths, we need to get them to think outside of the box, or do you know what we get? Another generation exactly like us. And frankly, I’ve met us and we need something better.
Are You a Cyberchondriac?
Dress Up is very tame in comparison, and I can't tell if it's a pinky purple or a purpley pink.
+ a long overdue book recommendation - nicholas & alexandra by robert k. massie. a must for any Romanov-obsessed bona fide russophile, enchanted with the opulent splendour of the tsarist court (like yours truly) and a truly compelling read for everyone else. it is an amazing account of what led to the revolution, rich with details of the daily life of the Imperial family, breathing life into empty-sounding names. a fascinating, if rather disturbing reminder that one person or an unfortunate coincidence can shape the future of the whole world. books like that make me want to never bother with fiction again.
from all whom I’ve spent a lifetime,
Today’s prompt is to tell a story. You can tell a story you know, a story from your own life, a made-up story, a story about somebody you know, etc. Use photos or drawings or images to convey your meaning. Or use your words to tell your story. Or a combination of things.
It is a quieter retreat as we are missing 3 members, life gets in the way...dang but there is conversation about the next retreat! Yesterday, I got the wool stitched on 3 of the Tisket a Tasket blocks! Pat on the back!!!
Is there anything you've lost and still miss?
On December 10, 2001 – almost three months to the day after the 9/11 terror attacks – Rashad Ali, a British born Hizb ut Tahrir leader penned the following piece in Khilafah Magazine and on Khilafah.com. The article is no longer found on the site (surprise) – an online outlet for Hizb ut Tahrir – but is available through various archive services, where we found it (oops). It is indicative of the double speak coming from Islamist groups who attempt to blind non-Muslims with a peaceful veneer.
Now add the strawberry icecream and again blend well..
1) Go for “Organic, always, as much as one can afford. 100% would be ideal.
Grudgingly, he offered me my money back… for the car alone. The petrol, the insurance, the tow were nothing to do with him and I should stand that cost. I remonstrated with him but he became upset: I should feel sorry for him, it appeared, because he’d lost out on that first car.
Even after you harvested your "witloof", don't (DON'T) put those carrots in the garbage or compost, but try a second time in some fresh soil under a dark cover.
Rating: N/R
My conditions are:
I am reposting a layout I made of my mom a few months ago. My mom was diagnosed with dementia about 1 1/2 years ago and has had many ups and downs since then. Mom has always been the strong-supportive person in our lives. My mom is my everything, including being my best friend!
302 Beaches contains over 500 listings and is designed to focus on categories that people search for the most including Dining, Shopping, Lodging, Nightlife, Family Fun, Property Rentals and Business Services. Some of the categories such as Dining have sub categories (ie: Seafood, Italian, etc.). Are you looking to buy your dream vacation home, or relocate here? Check out the Real Estate listings. Do you already own a summer home down here, but find yourself needing lawn care or plumbing services? Check out the listings under the Services link. Highlighted businesses have their websites and social media information included.
Relative to my ongoing family history research another public list I’ve created is stories and documents kept at the Internet archive site. One of them is a short biography on the amazing life of Benjamin Henry Latrobe. He’s a distant cousin and while a documentary has been done about him, a full-feature movie would be appropriate.
But first, here is the sketch,
A Threat to Other Marine Life
T.J. walked over and held out his hand. “Give me the brush. I’ll do it. See? I’m paying you back for shaving me.” (T.J.)
Seeing the possible in the impossible.
-Insulated windows
going to make a break for it and be extremely rude to
If the world's press is to be believed, the French are up in arms at the prospect of le Big Mac fighting for floor space with Caravaggio and Da Vinci. According to reports in newspapers all over the world today, les francais are set to take to the streets to stop this most heinous development from taking place.
The next postcard shows the library's statue of Minerva, the Roman goddess of wisdom, holding a book. This is a seven-foot bronze statue by Jakob Fjelde that stood at the entrance to the Heritage Hall auditorium. Both the statue and the mahogany paneled background were from the old central library building that was demolished in 1961.
I’d have loved an exploration of plays without characters in them, is such a thing possible? What is character? Can you write a novel without one? Where is the character in Padgett Powell’s The Interrogative Mood? How can the protagonist of Crimp’s Attempts on her life have a journey through the play when her very existence is questionable? Can you have a play in which the role of character is fulfilled by the audience’s existence? I didn’t need another list of questions to use when creating character – not that I don’t find this method useful sometimes, particularly when teaching, it’s just Noel Greig and others have already presented this method very effectively.
Section 33B of National Accountability Bureau, makes it mandatory to furnish to NAB, a copy of any contract, of the minimum monetary value of fifty million rupees or more, within such time as is reasonably practicable from the date of signing such contract. The needful has been done and a copy of relevant documents has been sent accordingly.
No one lives in a clean house.
I know there's so much more
Club Temptation by Tom Armstrong
Filling
Nevertheless, the thought that it may be worth a try is your prerogative. It is not surprising what people can do for love. But it is conceivable that a person can only take so much. We all have our limitations. If the time comes that you feel like you have already reached your limit and you hardly could take more of the load, it is best to just end it rather than pushing it to yourself yet you are not really happy, having more to complain about rather than to appreciate will not do any good at all. Sometimes, you have to learn to let go not because you stopped loving but because the continuous love is starting to bring more pain. And a person in pain is often not sane. So before the hurting gets irrepressible… stop. Know that they will always have each other whether you walk in, or out of their life. Your comfort and happiness lies in whatever you decide with your heart’s desire but if you choose to stay… learn to give way to thoughts that can contribute to a harmonious relationship rather than thoughts that may only bring stress and can possibly ruin a home.
Listening to any ideologue discuss how politics affect the nation is like listening to a fish in a bowl describing the room in which the tank sits; the environment of the bowl warps the perspective of the observing fish. Some things may seem larger or smaller than they actually are; other things are reflections of objects in the tank and do not actually exist in the room itself.
And that is the real point behind Shark vs. Train (Little Brown, April 2010), that everybody has an edge somewhere. Shark and train take turns picking the locale of their face-off, then moving on to other comparative situations in which they might best their opponent. But when they come up against challenges that are too much for either champion, what happens then?
Electricity's back on, but had another 14" of the damn stuff last night. More shoveling. Took all day. Darn snowplow came by twice.
I commit myself to stand within and as a point of self-responsibility and accountability in investigating and supporting a system that will bring about a world where all life is valued and supported wherein all living beings have a say in how and what is brought into the environment of which they depend upon to survive.
Coercion—trying to force someone to do something he or she doesn’t want to do.
If we were to start appreciating the little things that make our lives worth living, boredom will surely not get us tonight!
So there we were, looking out at Torres Strait and describing the magnificent view on Sharon Molloy’s breakfast program on ABC Far North.
I will be watching it in my EDL polo shirt.
I particularly like the anecdotal fragment from one of the participants that he was:
What a surreal feeling, walking up the rickity old driveway that my Dad and our neighbour between them (and a few flagons of beer) layed down over a period of time, You could tell how many beers they had by the quality of each patch of concrete....haha.....Then walking through the gate and face on with the hub of our childhood, it had been painted on the outside and a garage put up, but other than that it was like being transported back in time.
‘Hello. Yep. Hi, Saskia. We’re taking you back home, to a hospital there.’
The unique special blend of green coffee and natural herbal extracts in green coffee helps you cleanse your body in a safe and natural way.
A couple of these have popped up during my absence from the blogging world...
And never brought to mind?
Red Bull started a trend in 2009 with wheel with a much shallower offset between the spokes and the outer rim of the wheel. This was partly to bring the spokes closer to the airflow to provide some aerodynamic benefit. Also the change created more space inside the wheel for the upright and potentially longer wishbones.
Further, I felt to some degree cheated: much of the book was not about the origin of the universe, but dealt with other matters, like dark energy and the like, that had already been covered in other popular works on physics. Indeed, much of Krauss’s book felt like a bait-and-switch. It also seemed to me that Krauss came to grips with the real problem—how do you get matter from an initial condition of nothing?—only in the last 40 pages of the book. The whole argument could have been written more concisely, and clearly, in a smallish book the size of Sam Harris’s Free Will.
Four men were arrested after entering a Vanderbijlpark home by pretending to be policemen and holding up the owner, Gauteng police said on Thursday.
This enlarged bed officially became ‘the Polyantha bed’ today when I moved ‘Leonie Lamesch’ out of her pot to a permanent home. She’s on the left in front of the blue pot. I bought her to grow in the purple pot. Then I heard rumors that she was not a petite Polyantha but a rather robust girl that could get to be six feet tall and across. She’s well on her way. The blue pot is where ‘Polonaise’ is staying until she moves next door to SdlM.
Goldstein, who didn't specify that he was in fact offered a significant financial gain, said the deal wasn't fair because it was "made under threat of eminent domain." Meanwhile, he said, "The last offer I was made is from the state of New York… it’s extremely lowball, forget just compensation, it’s not fair market. It’s well below what I paid for it."
*UPDATE on the decals* - Mike e-mailed me that he sent out another set of decals and I should receive it before Friday. btw, Mike has a cool website (I spent over an hour reading it). It has Stormtrooper do's and don'ts, some galactic history, where to get parts, how-to's, a side blog, everything. You might want to check out.
Susan: Does that make you mad?
There’s a pretty awesome trick that’s used in telling this story. You see, the whole thing’s told in a single, uninterrupted shot, which amps up the tension considerably as you unblinkingly follow Ms. Olsen in a real-time journey. And that trick really is pretty nifty to watch be so meticulously choreographed, and indeed adds a lot to the overall effect of a horror film because you feel like you’re there and you feel the danger ratcheting up, not having an evident edit or cut in the action doesn’t allow for a breath to be taken, and you feel like this is happening to you. The problem for me, however, is that while that technical feat is certainly quite impressive and ambitious, a part of me felt that the payoff it built towards just wasn’t all that great.
Triton’s submarines are large and heavy machines, hardly useable without a mother ship, but Graham Hawkes in California has developed a very different submarine concept. His vessels are sportier and slimmer — they look like small airplanes with truncated wings.
Then run right over to Cheeseslave and check out her custard recipe.....I stopped following her directions at step #8 for the filling. I just poured that chocolate custard directly into the baked crust. The crust was still a little warm, and the custard was still hot, but that was fine.
I hear all the time how strong I am to have gone through what I have. Well, news flash I am not that strong. I have had those moments where fear has overcome me and I have cried when no one was looking. I have cried for all that this disease has taken from me. I have curled up in my bed and covered my head when the pain has been so bad that all I have wanted to do was to give up. I have wanted to hurl everything I could lay my hands on against a wall just to hear it crash to the floor in a million pieces. I feel my body has betrayed me. I get so angry when I am told to move on and let go of the past when the past wont let go of me. I get so angry at people who are unhappy with their lives because they don’t have the job they want, the house they want or the money they want. All I want is to get out of bed one day and not have pain or stiffness. I want to feel whole again. But instead I have had to learn acceptance. I have accepted that this is my life and I make it what it is. My happiness depends on me. I have accepted that life is not perfect. But just because it is not perfect does not mean I give up. I get up everyday. I look for the positives in my life because if I were to dwell on the negatives I would have to question if all that I have been through and all that I still go through is worth it. There are days that it is hard to find those positives but then I remind myself I woke up today.
Herb and Garlic Soup
the short straw and get to enjoy the comfort of sitting
Next logistical step? Interview Ryan and Joshua of course! Check out their story and mantra below, and see if/how what they say can relate to your life. Would love to hear steps you’re taking to add value to your life, big or small — they’re all moving forward, and that’s what counts!
I used to decorate my room growing up for all the holidays, Christmas in particular
play your violin I say
Finished - 2 (pouches)
(Sticky takes a abundant adapted anniversary off, and we abode the accidental one anniversary hiatus.)
Aventine offer a basic starter package and allow the author to add on additional services:
*it is fun
In a large pot, boil the raisins in enough water to cover (about 2 cups). Add the sugar and vinegar and stir. Set aside and let cool for about 10–12 minutes. To the same pot, add the butter, eggs, vanilla, and all the remaining dry ingredients. Mix well, then pour batter into pan. Bake for 35–45 minutes, or until tester comes out clean. Serve with whipped cream or a vanilla butter cream frosting.
Combine soba, tofu, cucumber, green onions, and dressing in a bowl, and garnish with sesame seeds if desired.
There were many more interesting places to visit but our day was coming to an end and we were heading off to Hahndorf for our next sleep.
Announcing our Big Sister website with a World View, check it out
Not sure about the price on these since no one really has prices. The only price I could find was ebay. I am just now falling in love with lashes since I have figured out how to put them on without them looking terrible so I am excited for these. The breakdown:
This probably isn't anything interesting to anyone reading this (um, hello like 2 of you?), but I'm ready to up my game in the non-profit world, in order to make C2H as successful as possible, and I feel like this is a good start.
Yesterday I placed a framecard and that was so much fun to make that I deceided to make another one.
“We resorted to using this medium to send our message instead of the normal tele-conference because of the fear by journalists; which made them refuse to conduct the conference. “We are grateful to God for the success recorded on the attack on Thisday, and we hope to continue such attacks.
2) An adult student in one of my NYU writing classes knew an agent who gave me three names. One became my first agent.
Let’s cut to today:
Jessi Kirby is the author of Moonglass, published in May 2011 by Simon and Schuster. She is also a wife, mom, English teacher and former librarian, beach bum, runner, and lover of Contemporary YA, strong coffee, and dark chocolate.
Went by my favorite coffee stop on the highway yesterday. I wanted, other than coffee, to have them run my once a year lottery tickets through the automatic machine. Not that I really thought I’d won anything, but I had purchased them the same day I did the MEGA lottery thing.
So that's what we did!
And, even more telling: “We get 18 days off a year. I think we deserve a little time to ourselves.”
In addition to articles, press releases — statements traditionally sent to the news media — are a great way to distribute your message. Because of the Internet and access to search engines and RSS feeds, press releases are now being seen by a wider audience, one that is likely to include your prospective buyers. This is great news because it means that your release is no longer relegated exclusively to journalists who are looking for a story to write. In fact, most press releases are published as is.
Ok, think that's it from me now.
The sprints have traditionally been the bread and butter of U.S. international teams since, well forever. Heading into your typical Olympic or World Championships competition, one could count on U.S. domination of the sprints, hurdles and relays.
But this morning the local rag included an article about a controversy in an east Tennessee high school near my old home town, and I thought I would share some of the details with the three of you who regularly read this blog.
The book has been out a week and at the moment the hardback edition is 16,605 at Amazon. On Saturday it was 10,932. Does this sound like a best-seller?
Immediately remove from pans to let cool.
I did some Google searches to get a feel for what to wear.
* Billy Preston - In outer space
Of an April frost
This time there was no warm up. I had never felt the belt before and I was already so tender but still he punished. A steady pace and firm swats. He covered every inch of me. My mind was in the good place though so I was able to somehow manage the pain. When I did start to feel that I just couldn't take anymore I squeezed his hand and held on tight. He had settled into this rhythm and my ears picked up on it. When I asked him to please stop he didn't break the rhythm but gave me a gentle no. That was when I cried. Hearing that no. It sounded as if he really wanted to say yes and stop but he needed me to know what it did to him closing him off and holding everything in. Building walls walking away. I relaxed,focused in on the sound of the rhythm and made myself absorb the pain instead of push it away. Almost as soon as I did this he stopped.
I have some very serious shawl knitting to do.
Fourth out there, is the Toyota Prius. This might be the most popular of all of the fuel efficient cars released within 2011 and also this, with a sticker price involving $24, 760 along with a gas efficiency of 51 kilometers per gallon. The very best mixed car until now, this midsize vehicle can support children associated with five and also operate together with 134 internet hp using a one 8 liters motor.
Warning: Those of you I love who disagree with me about school and learning will find much to disagree with here. I won't be at all insulted if you choose to skip this post or if you want to tell me all the things you think are crazy about it. Although that's probably not necessary, as I think I have a pretty good idea :o). Thank you for loving me even though you think I'm nuts.
Seriously, give a medical vocabulary test to my class and fans of Trauma: Life in the ER and the couch potatoes would kick the students collective ass. I shudder to think of the timidity and shaky hands of my classmates when we practice drawing blood on each other. Sure, everybody's got to learn, but the fear and lack of enthusiasm is kinda depressing.
Alphaville Forever young D
Next add the leaves - wash and cut up the basil and lettuce... usually I don't use lettuce for this salad, especially the zero nutritious iceberg, but I had some in my fridge. Make sure to chop it extra small. If you use lettuce, I would recommend spinach.
A lifelong biker, he made the move from fair weather (since 2006) to year-round commuter cyclist in 2010. Before that, his mountain bike was fine through spring, summer and fall, but the exposed chain often rusted. The bike’s sporty style encouraged him to ride like he was racing, and the crouched position left his wrists and neck exposed to the cold.
Going in for the kill
To be a prophet, of course, you have to be 100% sure of your prophecy. This seems to be true of both Camping and most of his Apprentices:
Just as I hit the gate to VG-6CH, the population in local suddenly starts going up and a whole fleet of ships breaks cloak around me, no doubt interested in a new victim.
OBTAINING ‘EM
I think that we should have a double understanding of the choseness, not only talking about a chosen people, but also of chosen individuals. Abraham, more than anyone, allowed him to act in pure trust, going against the ways of his people. Abraham, though bringing a household with him, acted as an individual, for that he was rewarded, but he also became the example for each and every one of us.
Tomorrow we’ll fire up the wurlitzer and hold a parade for the spiderplant children.
All hail these martyrs for environmental science!
We stopped for lunch by the side of a rocky pool before tackling the steepest part of the walk. This turned out to be not particularly arduous: it soon emerged in a high basin overlooked by the highest local peaks, Scafell and Scafell Pike, which is an imposing presence seen from this side. One of the joys of walking for me is the discovery of high, secluded valleys in which signs of habitation are invisible and which are accessible only through a certain amount of effort. My imagination being prone to hyperbole, I was reminded in this case of Shipman and Tilman's discovery of the Nanda Devi Sanctuary.
“I think the way you should handle it is going to the polls and cast your ballot,” she said.
TA came up the rear also carrying stuff. (Ummm, have I ever mentioned we really have a lot of presents at Christmas?? I mean a LOT of presents. We do!) He looked a little peaked and I asked, "How are you? "Sore Throat", he replied..... Great! Three for Three! They ALL looked miserable.
Honey: What on earth are you talking about?
As I approached the entrance to the museum the other night, I thought I had a decent idea of what to expect, but I was way off. I had read all about the museum on its previous website and had talked about the progress of the new museum with Mindy quite a bit over the past couple months. In addition, as an undergraduate, I majored in history with a focus on US history and also took several sociology classes. I had read the books, seen the images/footage, and discussed the events and implications of slavery, Jim Crow legislation and practices, the Civil Rights Movement, and racial intolerance. However, nothing prepared me for the truly moving experience I had as I examined the numerous displays in the museum not once but twice over the past two days. You see, it’s one thing to read about or talk about the violence and hatred of racism, especially for a younger, white male like myself who grew up in a rural, northern town that was not very racially diverse and who wasn’t alive during the height of Jim Crow or the Civil Rights Movement. It’s quite another thing to have literally thousands of examples of the ignorance of hate right before your eyes.
We just looked and looked, absorbing the warm sun, the sparkling water, the peace. How could I possibly have thought that there was anything dull about the Highlands in August? As if to confirm it, as we were driving along a small, lonely glen, we came across a field of orange sheep. Tangerine orange.
“This guy just said that both of us probably won’t ever get where we want to. And you know what? I get it. You’re unhappy that you’re still a bartender. But fuck that. If you actually were fluent in French and Spanish, you would have a fucking job that involved that. Don’t try to make me okay with not succeeding.”
Fortunately though, books in Swedish only counted for about 3,000 volumes in the Palm collection, the rest being in English, Latin, German, and French. Many of the items in the Palm collection are now counted as rarities.
These cookies were originally a variation of someones I made some time ago (the chocolate and walnut cookies). The recipe is also for chocolate and walnut cookies, only that it comes from a different cookbook. This recipe is from Chocolate Basics: 80 Recipes Step-by-step (in spanish Recetas básicas de chocolate). I simply LOVE this book! It's got step by step photographs and explanations, which makes the recipes look less scary :-) Indeed, I find myself willing to attemp some layered cakes, which is something I usually don't dare to even give a second glare.
Back at City Hall, Chris believes the team is feeling the effects of Leslie’s reduced time and enlists Ron with the task of hiring new employees to pick up the slack. The thought of meeting new people fills him with dread and Ron issues him a compromise: if he can prove to Chris he can complete an entire project without Leslie, he doesn’t have to hire anyone new. Then we were treated to a classic Ron Swanson-ism, with his tale of the two calves he slaughtered on his sixth birthday.
And then just do it!! Attempt to make your reality as interesting and exciting as your Pinterest profile. Turn your “Books I Want to Read” board into your “Books I’ve Read” board, your “Places I Want to Go” board into your “Places I’ve Been” board. And so on.
I had finished The Hunger Games novel about a couple of weeks ago so the story and characters were fresh in my mind. I read it mostly to see what all the fuse was about and to read it before the movie came out. When I was done I had some huge questions about how they could ever make a film adaptation of it. I just didn’t think a lot of the elements of the book would translate well to film but I was excited non-the less. The book was a fun read and I genuinely cared about the story and the characters that play it out. There is nothing like the feeling of seeing something you have read, be turned into something you see and for the most part The Hunger Games film didn’t disappoint.
We are looking for all ages to participate, as well as all races, genders, whatevers to make it truly inclusive. Hey, it would be great for some to show up in business attire to contrast hippy attire! Grandparents with grandchildren, you name it!
I can remember a teacher telling us that we must all go the coming weekend and spread the word of God to the black people .. "you must make fishermen out of these people" - based on the Bible story. As a child of about 8, I could not understand this kind of responsibility and it was just a plain stupid idea to me, because of all the time we'll waste doing it. I dared to suggest the following: How about we all go out and invite all the black people to the school hall, then she and the headmaster can tell them all about God and fisherman coming Monday. I was not sarcastic, I really thought that we'll attract hundreds if not thousands of black people and they'll love to listen to knowledgeable adults telling them about God. As a kid without much experience and not really understanding God's ways - no one was going to listen to me anyway. This way we could achieve so much more in a short amount of time.
Norris, the Lodge cook, is great. I held a soft spot for him from the very first time we meet him. There's so many things endearing about him, despite the brute quality he puts on. The bond he forms with Gaia is incomparible - he's like a father to her, though I'm not sure she ever realised it.
The first part of our semester, we were in the "Feathers" unit. It had a focus on BIRDS! Did you try the "bird chorus" at home during a fussy time for baby? Isn't it amazing how those rhythmic little songs really calm our little ones? It is like baby hypnotism, I tell you!
Dear humble cloth, in which the Most High God was wound and bound, as if he had nothing-
It is easy to watch the dog sleeping.
Label:Jah Live
Big Financial Services
Really? I’ve read more than a few defenses of the DOJ since this was filed, but then again, he might have a point. In the mainstream press, coverage has been generally critical of the case. But consider the sources. Most of the entities that own the mainstream press also own other business interests, you know, like book publishers, including some of the defendants in this case, under giant conglomerate umbrellas. Not exactly an unbiased position to report from, huh?
I so appreciate Bruce's heart and perspective, and the reminder of how my life should look.. of how I need to take up my cross daily with the assurance and faith that JESUS IS COMING BACK!
On Monday, November 9, 1868, at 5PM eight students, seven black and one white, and five faculty, began classes at the Medical Department of Howard.
The sweet fulfillment of
“I realized it was supposed to be me! I should have danced with her that night, I should have taken her home! I should have proposed and been married to her! She should have been my wife and we could have had a family! At the time I was thinking about success, not about love! I thought of everything I needed to do to get to the top but I overlooked what was most important!”
I photographed at a quiet moment over the Easter holidays. Standing next
The same day, I sent an email to them. Surprisingly, I got a reply back the very next day that they have shipped the product and they gave me Aramex Courier tracking number.
It was the first. But it won’t be the last.
It would be difficult to rule out this kind of explanation, even if one questioned the subjects of the study. After the last war, many Czech citizens of Jewish or German origin felt it best to conceal their ancestry, for fear of discrimination or even expulsion from the country. Today, their grandchildren may be completely unaware of their origins.
"Rejoice in your youth," said the sunbeams. "Take pride in your growing strength and in the stir of life within you."
Anyway, here I am wearing my big Australia Luxe Collective boots because Friday was horribly chilly and wet. I am also wearing deliciously orangey yellow tights because I felt like being bright and sunny on a gray day. They were in one of the fabulous care packages I get from my friend R back in England. I think it's time for another!
Mitt Romney, the presumptive Republican candidate for President, is on record he would repeal Obamacare. Now he needs a Republican Senate and a Republican House in order to stop the federal government from becoming so powerful that a new revolution would have to be fought to overthrow it.
To know how to set goals and accomplish them.
In any case, it brought up a good point: Why is fantasy the no-no? Since kids all around the world do it naturally, just like they naturally walk on beams or lines, why the problem with it in the classroom? Why isn't it considered educational?
Power
Yesterday was spent in class, Farmer's Market board meeting, and then home to stir two batches of castile soap before I collapsed in bed. The best news of the day was that I am now a vendor at Grayson Highlands Park. I have hoped for this opportunity and am so thrilled to be doing it! I love the park and vending there is one more Good Thing!
22. Thick Pigeon - Silhouettes
If you live anywhere in the greater Puget Sound area and are interested in working with seedsbeads, I highly recommend you check out the NW Seedbeaders, a focus group of the NW Bead Society. I've mentioned them before, but Sunday was our planning meeting for 2012 and all I can say is Wow! The upcoming schedule of programs is phenomenal. Here's a sneak peak:
go through
5. It is an educational event.
Over the last few years, I've given quite a bit to many organizations and causes. I've been asked to give my services or time to help execute events, which is conceptually the same as a sponsorship from the perspective of a small business. I'm sponsoring in giving my time and services. For some large events, I've spent as much as 60 hours for individual causes without pay, and I've worked with some brands testing many iterations of recipes out of my pocket. Sometimes I get recognized as a sponsor, but most of the time, I don't get anything at all.
Sometimes, if I’m really lucky and careful about how I pronounce things, I don’t end up having to repeat myself.
5) Jesus makes a statement to his disciples at the end of St.Matthews Gospel that translates like this: “All authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me.” Jesus is teaching his disciples he is to be treated as the seat of all spiritual, human, political and non-political power in both heaven and earth. Therefore as Christians whenever we encounter someone with political authority we see them in a position that is only rightful to Jesus. We are taught to tolerate and respect those in leadership positions but I don’t think we should be seeking to elect people to positions that Christ has claimed as rightfully his.
My project of hosting beehives at neighboring yards is going well. The Santa Rosa colony does not seem to have a laying queen. The "queen cups" that the bees created had not hatched, as of last night. I'll be taking some more developing brood over to this hive, to ensure that the population doesn't dwindle away to nothing.
I give one egregious example - there are many others.Most of the predicted disasters are based on climate models.Even the Modelers themselves say that they do not make predictions . The models produce projections or scenarios which are no more accurate than the assumptions,algorithms and data , often of poor quality,which were put into them. In reality they are no more than expensive drafting tools to produce power point slides to illustrate the ideas and prejudices of their creators. The IPCC science section AR4 WG1 section 8.6.4 deals with the reliability of the climate models .This IPCC science section on models itself concludes:
In 2009, after her party seized total control of the government, Murray was quoted, “Before, and for a long time, I’ve been fighting many times over for VA not to discourage people from saying they have PTSD. We’ve have many cases where veterans were told it’s all in your head” in response to Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric K. Shinseki claim, “We will change the culture. I will assure you of that” in regards to the long backlogs for healthcare.
Just three stops from Orchard MRT is Toa Payoh.
So as you can probably see, Ethan was allergic to basically everything. Bummer! And since he was allergic to all the nuts they tested for, they wanted to do another blood test that day just to test for nuts. So off to the hospital we went for MORE bloodwork. Again Ethan rocked. I did not.
To the now empty pan, add the sliced pepper. Reduce heat to medium-high. Cook, stirring occasionally, until peppers are beginning to soften. Add garlic, and sauté for 30 seconds, until fragrant. Add the balsamic vinegar, and scape the bottom of the pan vigorously with a wooden spoon to loosen up fond. Let vinegar reduce until it coats the peppers and is almost syrupy in consistency.
Congratulations you three! Just send me an email (address is on the right sidebar), and I'll get your gift certificate to you right away.
SLID : All sung in Icelandic. We are one of the few groups doing that. Everybody thinks they will become big rock stars doing some bullshit in bad English. Prostitution. Our lyrics are mostly stories, word games. They can't be translated into English.
WOW ladies - awesome works yet again!
and the tears and burdens are gone
Master said this could take a while, since He was going to give me my age with the toys, I suggested that maybe each decade might be better for some of time, that gave Him a chuckle.
Whilst in the past 35 years the marketing landscape and the tools available have changed, ‘Web 2.0’ applications have reminded us that consumer behaviour and many marketing basics remain the same. The most basic rules being trust & respect.
Striped Shirt: Zara, $25 (100% organic cotton!)
Til next time!
These are mainly eaten as a breakfast meal with eggs, bacon and broiled cheese melted on the plate. All ingredients are then added to your oatcake, in your desired fashion and amount, then rolled up and eaten.
“So what do you do?”
I must warn you, however, that this material is extremely disturbing. You cannot go back to your former life after you do this. Reading this rocked my world, and I had to move through a serious grief process that required my full attention for several weeks.
We use all 4 of our guestrooms for ministry and entertaining so I don't feel like I can take over one whole room. But one room has a huge quadruple door area and am hoping I can make it work!
It's much like the argument over obscene content presented in the media; the flippant answer is usually 'if you don't like it, don't watch it.' But the fact is, we still live with the consequences of it; we are still exposed to its effects second-hand, via our neighbors who do watch it. It just is not possible to escape the effects, unless dissenters all become cave-dwelling hermits in the hills somewhere, miles away from civilization. Actually, that possibility is becoming increasingly attractive these days.
DPs: DCWV "Travel Stack"...and the Eiffel Tower from my 2010 calendar
Synopsis: In this film, a young girl is the only survivor of a crazy religious cult called ‘Unity’. The religious leader of this cult teaches his followers that death is but a door, that emptiness is good and other such psychobabble. Well, one day he decides that he is going to burn himself alive and that he is taking all of his followers with him. He tells them they will reunite in the proverbial ‘other side’. Cynthia decides she wants nothing to do with this; she manages to escape just in time to escape the burning flames that engulf the entire congregation! Unfortunately she also ends up in a comma for thirteen years. But now she’s woken up. Is the nightmare over? Or can Harris, the religious leader still exert some sort of power over
Christine Mishra – Secretary, Young Adult Member; Central Region
The lid rose. A whisper breathed around Gerald as the rush and hiss of the ocean danced in his ears. A hint of sea spray tickled his nostrils.
I grew up around farms and rural areas with mostly small town folks where you could expect a gun to be found at just about any house or barn around. Gun control on the farm meant red marks on your backside from a switch for touching the loaded shotgun kept ready-at-hand by the door. I'm not too sure that gun control of that nature isn't still the best kind considering the failure of most other gun control measures put in place by the gubermint.
Who lift me up and I feel so bold
I'm always hungry when it comes to having something sweet--before a meal, afterwards, or anytime in between. I guess the Vietnamese are, too: and here we embark on our last leg of this trip through Vietnamese cuisine.
The Advanced edition of the workshop is scheduled to be held at a later date and this is a longer workshop, involving 9 to 10 days. The Advanced edition workshop has also been modified to have an exciting trip to the mountains, forest or nature to get hands-on
Each new form of communication has left its mark on chat-speak. AIM first brought “LOL,” perhaps the most famous chat-speak word, onto the scene. We have come a long way since then — because of the character limits on Twitter, users have perfected the art of shorthand communication. Such shorthand as @User, # and RT are more than abbreviations — they are summaries of entire statements.
I Love You - FOR.EV.ER!
Deep In The Jungle - Steph
* "Sanofi Aventis Taxotere Patents invalidated by CAFC", here. To the untutored reader, "Sanofi Aventis Taxotere" might sound like one of the magic spells from Bedknobs and Broomsticks, but discerning guest Kat Darren picks up its deeper meaning.
Since I turned 21 yesterday, in honor of my legality, I plan to do a bar night with the girls. So here is a great example of what i might where for Cinco de Mayo, all found at one of my favorite stores, Charlotte Russe.
How is this list helpful to writers?
Tomorrow and Tuesday (May 7th & 8th), A Circle in the Woods will once again be free on Amazon.
- my photography is now being carried by a local art gallery (and selling)
Each child certainly wanted their alien to have lots of sharp teeth!
I got up, threw on my most comfy sweats, and spent a lovely $10 on me. I talked to a lady in line about how much we enjoyed the book. I picked out the most perfect seat. Then, for the next two hours I was fully captivated by this story.
What else can you think of for this beach theme?
Hope you have a great rest of the weekend and a marvelous week. Off to read about HELLP and DIC syndromes and all sorts of other encouraging pregnancy-related syndromes that scare the living daylights out of me.
24th April, Mother’s Final Arrival in Pondicherry
It operates out of a 21.5-acre Research Center located in Venus, Florida.
After several days of this, he trusted me to pick him up. People are impressed by Rocky’s size; he’s a big cat and pretty darn strong, too. I couldn’t help but fall in love with him, so Rocky got to experience a trip to the vet to get neutered, checked out, vaccinated and tested for FIV and Feline Leukemia (FLV).
We could perhaps
I have lots of other ideas for peg doll collections -- cupcake toppers, dolls for various hobbies, Hunger Games and maybe even Downton Abbey, because I'm obsessed. (Not sure about that one -- that's a LOT of characters. Any other Downton Abbey fans out there who think it would be awesome?)
Yes, I know this isn't exactly the healthiest breakfast out there, but it sure is delicious for a special occasion!
Saturday morning I woke up earlier than usual. After my cup of coffee and a quick scan of my emails, I decided it would be a very good day to do a little "shopping" for some new focal beads for my jewelry creations.
4. Don't start a collection for the child before the child has a desire to collect. It can get out of hand quickly. Also, the very young child doesn't appreciate 10 dolls anymore than 1 doll. Same with dvds. Kids like repetition so, take advantage and just get a few dvds until they start to notice and want them. Then, you can add dvds at the holidays slowly, so they can appreciate them more.
meeting was attended by the brothers: Dr. Mohammed Farooq. Ahmed, Wm. Obedient to the Council, and all of Brigadier General Adnan Ahmed and Colonel Riad Al-Assaad and Irfan Hamoud.
of jest amongst other country
The latest report offered stark evidence that the recovery will be painfully slow. It also raised doubts that the economy will rebound in the second half of the year after hitting a spring slump.
Fresh White/off white walls will brighten it up..
How is your Easter going so far? What do you think about the design? Thanks for looking :) Xoxo, Christine♥
First, remove high spots. You can do this by traversing your board (planing across the grain) with a jack/fore or scrub plane—or any plane that can hog off thick chunks of wood—and checking your progress across the grain with winding sticks and with the grain with a long straightedge.
A host of sages and mystics assembled in a great forest to perform a prolonged sacrifice for the benefit of the world, which just entered the challenging Age of Quarrel. One morning a very learned sage, named Suta, appeared amongst them and they all questioned him eagerly.
“I don’t know. Maybe it’s not so important a job. Maybe He needs someone dispensable. We’re that and more.”
RAIPUR : The Naxals released abducted Sukma District Collector Alex Paul Menon on thursday. The state government has, however, said that an official confirmation in this regard will be given only after the IAS officer reaches Sukma.
My daughter (Maria) and I went to our local pumpkin patch today with some friends. It's just starting out so it has some issues but all in all it was a lot of fun.
Tonight I finished one of the secret knitting projects and sent that off. Yay! That always feels good. It had a picot on it, if you recall (sidenote for my bestest friend in the whole wide world...the picot is the bumpy little things on the top of the sock).
Dave said the biggest risk to any event was the unpredictable British weather which could affect the numbers who attend and the impact of the event.
“I can arrange two day tours to watch fennec fox,” says Memphis Tours tour consultant Ahmed Fayez. “This tour will start from Cairo and end in Cairo. You can see that fennec fox at night.”
The Awfully Big Blog Adventure is a precious thing and far more than “the ramblings of a few scattered authors”. I look forward to its continued development and hope that ultimately it reaches a far wider audience, which it deserves, which we all deserve, but also hope that it retains the essential “rambling” quality that makes it so unique.
We agreed to make decisions together as we lay out habitats, populate them with different types of dragons, and add amenities for visitors. It didn't take long for the kids to get into the game. They love buying new features, deciding where to place a restaurant or a flower bed, deciding whether to upgrade our stone path to brick. Equally fun is curating the dragon collection, choosing which fanciful types to feature.
Where: District Office of Council Member Letitia James, 67 Hanson Place, ground floor (corner of South Elliott Place)
We go to Scout Island, one of my favourite places in Williams Lake. It's all wild-blown yellow grass, rolling hills, swamps, wooden board walks and bridges, and blue blue water. They love it, although admittedly all Angus wants to do is go up and down all the stairs he can find.
Ok, ok, I am taking very much pride in our culture, identity, everything. It is not like I am ashamed to be Indian. But in Tamil, we have a compliment, ‘Nee romba colour-aa irukke‘, means ‘You are so colour’. And we have to be practical. Whatever you say, filter coffee which is so dark is only selling for INR 7 and this new crapuccino thing, which is full of milk-white bubbles, is for INR 50.
The Sun Inn, Thornton rose every day for over one hundred years with the certainty of celestial clockwork. It made it into the twenty-first century: just. And then it closed and now it slowly fades into antiquity. I belong to a Flickr Group called The Dead Pubs Society and we share photos of pubs that were and are no more. I will add the Sun to our collection - and shed a tear as I do so.
With all of this in mind, I was making conversation at dinner last night. I started to ask Teen if she had any thoughts on this matter. Then I stopped mid-sentence. How would the younger 2 view this event? Would it add more worry to Youngest's ever-worrying mind?
I know that I’m being abrupt approaching you.
Obviously there are probably more techniques and more brainstorming I could do on dealing with this problem. And this is just one of MANY ways previous diets were derailed. I could fill a book! And each of those will happen again, and I need to have a plan and a strategy in place to deal with it. This is a lot of work! But work that needs to get done, issues that need to be thought about, plans that need to be made. And the best time is while still on product!
BoBunny Winter Joy rub-ons
I have since called it a divine intervention to make me quit smoking for good; the only logical way I can really explain it is that God works in strange, mysterious ways. Like how he guided the Jews under Moses in the desert for 40 years only to bring them to the one part of Asia that has no oil. You see, I am homophobic and I bet God knows since He is Omniscient. I am not proud of it because I know it isn’t their fault. 75% of them don’t choose to be gay; only 25% of them are SUCKED into it. Most of them are born that way. And that is the reason I wrote this post. And since I know how controversial this post is going to be, I have decided to walk a mile in your shoes first before I criticize anyone. That way, if any one of you retaliates, I am a mile away and yes, I have your shoes.
Joker – Making people laugh is the highlight of my day. I really can’t stand when other people are sad… it just breaks my heart. At my dad’s funeral, I was the one who started remembering silly and fun moments with him… because I just couldn’t bear seeing everyone crying.
When in doubt, freeze. Divide into stacks of 10 and freeze in freezer bags. Label. Previously frozen tortillas are best eaten heated and with soups, stews, or otherwise juicy foods. Go forth and use your tortillas!
When we first moved in the backyard was practically deserted-- probably because the only vegetation was some overgrown bushes and a couple of trees, there weren't really any flowers, water sources or sheltered places for hiding, and it was obvious by the number of chemicals we found in the garage that the folks who lived here before us favored the "kill everything" strategy of weed and pest control.
"The whole thing about philosophy is that it leads to more questions," Griffin recalled. So it was OK for his son, the tough staff sergeant who had the words "Malleus Dei" ("God's hammer") stenciled on his equipment, to question the war.
And they are always smiling so much. Now that I think about it I think it's because they are showing off their awesome teeth. It's a walking ad for them correct or not? LOL
Add the spices.
2) 17 Arkansas Razorbacks (29-12/9-9 SEC) @ 2 Florida Gators (32-10/11-7 SEC), McKethan Stadium/Gainesville, FL
look good with the deep purple of the vine
sunlight over
I learned a lot last year from my first gardening year. Most of what I really tried to make survive, did just fine, despite less than an inch of rain during summer. Yes, the entire 3 months, with 89 straight days above 90.
So when I run a session on the Raising of Lazareth it is important that I know which children have experienced a death in the family, what their families situation is and know their parents well enough to have a chat if anything has come out in the session. It's a ministry to the child, but the whole family makes that child.
But the BBC has learned that the Department of Finance is refusing to pay Mr Kearney’s salary.
I ended up going with the Ollie's Garage and made an appointment for next Friday!
2012 may be the end of the world as we know it.
Singing praise is listed four; count them four times in one verse. We are invited, advised and guided to sing praise to our Father. It is recommended we shout out in praise, clap our hands in praise and sing, sing, sing, sing praises to God; our King.
Don't forget - August 23rd! Possess or be Possessed!
MORALS: When you are an alcoholic taking anti-alcohol drugs — don’t expect your estranged wife to believe you when you say the mirrors are out to get you. Just… don’t.
This is the cheesecake I grew up with. I must say it seemed like the most glamorous thing my mother made, but now that I make it myself, I realize it's probably the easiest thing she ever made. You don't even make a crust -- just add 2 tablespoons of flour to the cheese mixture and it settles on the bottom. It's pure cheesecake deliciousness.
Curry Leaves: 1 spring
To fill an empanada with semi-liquid ingredients like hummus, you have to partially seal the corners first. Allow to cool a bit before eating, as the filling is like molten lava when fresh from the pot.
This photo shoot was instead the turning point of my life. The experience of being a model seems enchanting, yet controversial to my ‘nerdy’ life. Hoverer, the amount of satisfaction I have earned from my first shoot was significant enough to inspire me to be a top model.
Use these links here to monitor severe weather:
~Dan Schneider
This does not mean that he can not afford to make jokes or talk during the party poker rakeback, whether in the company of friends or a poker club casinos in the circle of rich and very rich people. Quite the contrary: the gambling halls of the visitors prefer to lose money to a cheerful, witty, rather than to some vicious silent type. However, when the cards are dealt, you are no longer a brother, not a comrade, not a good guy … you – a player!
So sad. I’d been listening to this for a while when I discovered there’s a longer version, the one they used in the movie! (The CD has only the short version.) When I’m writing a sad scene or I just need something quieter, I listen to this. When I get creeped out because I remember the weird hugging-a-dead-body scene, I switch to something else…
In other words, this is the equivalent of the Sinn Féin, the political wing of the IRA. While Palestinian terrorists are engaged directly in executing acts of murder against Jews in Israel and abroad, the ISM creates provocation that helps divert media attention from the brutality of Palestinian terrorism.
There are no official reports of the dimension of destruction as yet; however, FIRE-EARTH estimates that up to 6 thousands structures may have been razed/damaged, with an estimated loss of about 10 billion dollars.
So, as Labour activist @bevaniteellie (remember her?) used to say, it's #GameOn. The game isn't a 'gosh isn't bashing the party opposite fun' anymore though. Nor is it the game of hide-the-facts 'n' seek re-election.
An imaginary conversation to further develop the earlier post. Before reading this, you might want to check out Looking At Theme
Adventurous, dreamy, every time I listen I feel like I’m listening to it for the first time.
I have some reflections to share, I hope it is okay with you. Unfortunately I’m not at home, so I can’t give precise sources every time I will be using them, but I will get back to it, bli neder.
1 15oz can pineapple tidbits drained
This week's French Friday's with Dorie challenge was a perfect treat for a post-holiday family get-together. Everyone wants something yummy for dessert, but we're all a bit sick of the heavy December desserts.
Luckily I managed to contact the parcel company and a very decent chap said I could call in and collect it.
Nereida DeJesus, 30, New York, N.Y.
Regina Simon is a first time playwright, an actor, a singer, a voice over artist and was a radio personality. Selected Filipino theatre credits include Tonya from DiwataWorks’ Fort Santiago, Twinkle from the workshop production of Carlos Bulosan Theatre’s Miss Orient(ed), Mother from Pulang Maleta Collective’s Baggage, and has appeared in several Carlos Bulosan Tales From the Flipside readings. She has also appeared in various productions by Alexander Players and Singers (Fiddler on the Roof, The Pirates of Penzance, The Yeomen of the Guard, Cabaret), City Centre Musical Productions (Miss Saigon), and has co-written/performed with Crossroads Theatre Project (A Little Something from Nothing, In the Mouth of the Wolf, Clown the Musical). Regina was also briefly a radio talent/producer on Boses Pinas CHHA 1610 AM, had done voice work for educational videos for new immigrants by Citizenship Immigration Canada, lent her voice to the lead character in animated short, Starsearcher, and has appeared in Vision TV’s Gospel Challenge.
Pictured are The Sunbathers. I proclaim to be an avid sun-worshipper and have spent many a hot summer's day cooking myself to a nice golden crisp. I drew this picture in honor of us leather-chesters. Seeking to capture that perfect sense of gluttonous behavior, note the slight snarl on their beautiful faces. Thus I present
Rob Arash Inman ッ ‎"YOu are gay"
This former chief of Aspis was convicted of having the unmitigated temerity to forge and fabricate documents. Of course this guy only forged a handful of documents and only created a few documents out of whole cloth. He apparently had not read the Wall Street playbook all the way through — where they have each act committed by a person or company that doesn’t know anything or at least can claim “plausible deniability.” Wall Street causes hundreds of thousands of documents to be forged, fabricated, robosigned and misrepresented in court every day. But here we leave them (Jamie Dimon) on the Board of the NY Federal Reserve which essentially sets all standards in the Federal Reserve system.
Also, pick up half gallons of Blue Bell ice cream for $3.99 each and 12-packs of Shiner for $9.99 each during Sun Harvest's 72-hour sale on Dec. 17, 19 and 19.
Indra’s Grace
-Keywords are key to optimizing SEO. Davis taught the class how to use keywords and how to choose them to keep our websites on the top of Google search results.
- Display brightness may be dim after sleep or reboot
Axelrod: he stole the hard drives from the Governor’s office
This was one that took some explaining to my family. "What are we having for dinner?" they ask, "pizza rustica", I say. Then we went over what that meant and what it was... still all they heard was pizza. Out of the oven my little pizza pie came and everyone was like, "I thought we were having pizza"! No one ever listens to me.
They seem to take themselves a little more seriously on this set while keeping their signature sound.
I enjoy reading. I enjoy writing. I enjoy reading what I write. But if it isn’t flowing, stressing over it will not make it come any faster. I need to give myself permission to step back, re-charge my batteries, and allow the process to take me over again.
For some, becoming a caregiver is a decision that has been talked about amongst family, planned for, and decided upon before a time of real necessity. For others, the role of caregiver is unexpected. In an instant, this responsiblity is thrust upon them when a seemingly healthly and independent older parent takes a fall or is taken to the hospital.
Random: My belly button is looking deformed these days, not yet popped, but no longer normal. Instead it is a weird, thin, closed slit that almost looks like it’s going to pop every time I have a full belly. At this point I’m just waiting to wake up and wham! I have an outie.
All is well, and you will never get it done. Life is supposed to be fun. No one is taking score of any kind, and if you will stop taking score so much, you will feel a whole lot better -- and as you feel a whole lot better, more of the things that you want right now will flow to you. You will never be in a place where all of the things that you are wanting will be satisfied right now, or then you could be complete -- and you never can be. This incomplete place that you stand is the best place that you could be. You are right on track, right on schedule. Everything is unfolding perfectly. All is really well. Have fun. Have fun. Have fun!
Be careful, the choices made with ease.
Congratulations to Unison (the UK's largest public sector union) for showing the world how to excel at knobheadery.
10. Doesn’t this musick make you want to kiss? +
a. God
Hi Lovelies, as of last Wednesday- I have officially been on maternity leave!! I have had such a long to do list- that I really feel like I am on a stacation to clean my house. And as of last Friday- I am full term!!
Neatly, methodically, lovingly penned by my mother, the notations are all in her even penmanship, the ink easily recognized as blue ball-point pen.
"It sure does my friend. And getting back to you and that hedge-cutter, you don't move with it like I do with it because of the fact that you have the kind of tool that can slice through life and emotions. You can prune, preen and shape...."
June 24, 1885 Pg 2
I started this card around at Jacqueline's yesterday afternoon, before having to fly home to mark out my garden boundary, following a dispute with my deceased neighbours son!!! The story is too long and complicated so I wont bore you, but today all my family came over to erect my new fence. What a long tiring day!!, but after it all I had a fab fence................................and a new sculpture that Nathan made for me, as he says " to keep for ever and ever Aunt Bev". Bless him he was so proud, and it now takes pride of place in my garden. I haven't photographed it yet but I'll show it to you in my next post.
Third, get the birthday kid involved! What a better way to make your child's birthday special than by including them in decorating their cake. It is a great way to create memories and to express to your child how much they mean to you. If everyone in the family is helping this is a great time to focus ALL attention on the birthday boy/girl. Spend the decorating time recalling memories, funny stories or special moments that you've had with them.
The voice on the other end, to his feared surprise,
I remember a time when I was 11. I had recently been admitted into one of the top schools in India, a boarding school. It was summer vacation, six weeks or so before a new term started. I wasn't going to be going back to my old school. I must have been out somewhere with my parents, at some sort of an event, and since I knew most of the adults there, I made my way around, exchanging a few words with most. Someone must have asked me about school, because I happily told them that I would be going away to boarding school. I don't even remember who it was or anything else about the conversation. What I remember is getting into the car to leave and the tone of disapproval, or maybe it was disappointment because I'd told someone what was apparently supposed to be a secret.
I was planning on writing for NaNo, and then as November drew closer I started having second thoughts. I had only been blogging for 6 months and had been feeling really great about my ability to publish at least one new blog post each week. My readership had been picking up and I was starting to focus more on my writing as it related to my blog. If I took a month to focus on novel writing how would that affect my blogging? I just didn't know. I had never tried writing something of such length before. I'm not really a fiction writer. Character development, description and setting tend to trip me up. I love to read beautiful prose, but I'm not know for writing them. The essence of NaNo is to focus on writing words, quantity not quality. Muffle your inner critic and start writing whatever you can write. I had talked my sister and best friend into joining in on the craziness which was self-created peer pressure. Only a few days before the start I took a deep breath, went to the site and signed up. Two days before it began I had a name for one character and thought I would write about a teenage girl. Hours before I was to begin writing I decided to write about a mom instead. I had a name and a very vague idea of what I would be writing about. No outline, no plan, no real plot to speak of.
That night, the nightmares had increased in horror tenfold. He no longer saw her buried, but she walked his home, a decomposing zombie that never stopped looking for him. Always though, he woke in a cold sweat, alone. Morning finally came. 'Exhausted' barely describes what he felt as he drug himself out of bed. He was out of plans. Apparently, her body was no longer in his possession. Perhaps he'd have to go through court proceedings after all.
Make sure that your new purchase functions properly before throwing anything out. I recommend keeping the original packaging for at least a month. After that, there is no reason for dedicating valuable storage space to empty boxes.
If you have any questions about the workshop, please drop us an email at info@jennysunphotography.com and we'll holla right back at you! :D Hope to see you in Kuala Lumpur peeps! :D
Amazingly, the three kids in question were back on Life Stream, instant messaging the same day of the incident announcing, "We're grounded and not supposed to be on here." They openly discussed the photo and why anyone would tell on them. Someone sent me a screen shot of one of them calling me a bitch. Once again their parents had no idea. I just happen to play "Stalker Mom" on my kids computers -- with their knowledge and they don't seem to mind. Does it mean my kids are impervious to scandal or bad judgement calls? Does it mean I know every single thing they do? No, but at least I know a little something about what's going on in my kids' lives. Hopefully, having some understanding of social media will allow me to help them navigate these situations.
In 1974 came the Jim McLaine sequel Stardust, in which the anti-hero becomes a rock star: "It was really difficult because so much of what I was fictionalising was actually happening. I'd walk off the set into exactly the same situation."
My whacko weird analogy is that....Christ is the Lead in our lives, we follow Him, He leads us to where He wants us to go. Challenges us with new "moves", tests us out to see if we are ready for the next step.
I have a certain amount of sympathy for the Frenchman who had to pay his ex-wife 10,000 euros for not having sex with her during their marriage. A French court ruled that a wife is entitled to a regular rogering from her husband, and must be financially compensated if the said rogering is not delivered with reasonable frequency. Speaking as a gorilla who has been ruthlessly pressed into service by females in season, I would never dispute a woman’s right to have her natural yearnings satisfied. Rather like a postage stamp, the female of the species must be moistened and mounted to fulfil her destiny.
“Our thoughts may be an inexhaustible and simple resource that can be called upon to focus our lives, heal our illnesses, clean up our cities and improve the planet. We may have the power as communities to improve the quality of our air and water, our crime and accident statistics, the educational levels of our children. One well-directed thought may be a gentle but effective way for every man and woman on the street to take matters of global interest into their own hands.”
Just so excited that I could just pee my pants!
Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see.
Oh my goodness! I cannot believe I have not been on my computer for a full week! This has been one busy week! My daughter is graduating from High School on Tuesday and we held her graduation party yesterday. So, it has been a week of cleaning and planning. It was a great time and I am very proud of my daughter!
1. Short wave radio, hand-cranked. Some come with solar batteries that can be charged during the day and will last for hours, instead of cranking the radio evert 30 minutes. The ones that come with a flashlight are handy. They also sell small digital short wave radios. You can get some small ones for $20 on ebay.
9. Black Hole Sun
I used a very "old school" way of transferring the font onto the wood in pencil, which I then hand painted over. More details on the sign creation at end of post.
One of the chief reasons Cape Poge remains pristine is that it’s part of The Trustees of Reservations – the preeminent preservation organization in Massachusetts. For 100 years, the Trustees have been acquiring, managing and conserving more than 100 special places in the very special state of Massachusetts. Perhaps I’m a tiny bit prejudiced, because I went to UMass, but this is a seriously beautiful state with a rich diversity of landscape, adorable towns and cities steeped in history, and oh yeah, that ever-entertaining accent.
Roger Rose … Brick Masterson
12And had a wall great and high, and had twelve gates, and at the gates twelve angels, and names written thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel:
I have heard many say it is the faith of the person receiving the miracle that allows the miracle to manifest. This is not true it is the person speaking or ministering that the miracle comes through. Miracles are manifested out of the heart of the believer not the receiver.
It’s quite a simple word and yet, one we seemingly forget is in our arsenal.
Don’t get me wrong, a phone conversation can open doors and give you the first incline if you are on the right track or wasting your time yet real close interactions with your colleagues or clients can be built only through personal interaction, where you can truly get to know each other and we all know well that our stronger business relationships were built when we met and talked face-to-face.
Use your quiet time journal to harvest article ideas. What inspires you will inspire others.
In the movie of my life story, I would be played by… If Emma Stone’s not available, then David Spade. He’d have to don fake breasts and a brunette wig but I think he could pull it off.
MILLIPEDE (above left)
Nurminen T. Maternal pesticide exposure and pregnancy outcome. J Occup Environ Med 1995; 37: 935-940.
The shortfall was $1.7 billion, compared with a revised $1.49 billion in April, based on preliminary figures released by the General Statistics Office in Hanoi Wednesday. The deficit was $6.59 billion for the five months through May.
The Pink Dalmatian, a new pet to be released in May 2012, comes with a Cream Soda Slushy PSF, and a Sapphire Lamp Post PSI.
Ten more (in no order):
Moscow-based Mamedov utilizes the process of film direction by collaborating with a
The chef also made a first course of a crab and asparagus charlotte. This was white crab meat mixed with some mayonnaise and chopped onion and used to fill a small ring lined with asparagus spears and served with some chopped asparagus and an orange vinaigrette with diced tomato and chives.
But then someone put me off by saying that a fringe wouldn't suit me. So I was all "remember when I asked you for your opinion? No, neither do I". Aaand that started a whole b*tch fight - which I won - and will be saved for a future post :D.
I am thinking the same way about our businesses lately.
Maybe I’ll have some fun pictures from this weekend when I get back… Yay!
So this season, if you are feeling a bit alone in the Wilderness, I want to wish you the best and let you know you're not the only one. I also want to encourage you to dust off your shovel and pruners a bit and revisit what it means to be you. If you're not ready yet to move on, at least trim off what you're able to let go of and take a good hard look at your roots. Make the adjustments needed and just like a plant in your garden, return to the problem in a few months time to reconsider your options.
Not only do the stretching aspects of hot yoga appeal to me but so do the meditation aspects. It would be nice to slow down and think about absolutely nothing for a whole hour, you know? Reach that Zen, peaceful enlightened stage that yoga enthusiasts talk about. Of course, I got myself this really cute yoga outfit that I'd like to (finally) wear.
what do you think?? are you fond of twitter? addicted? or could you care less...
When the music is paused, Henry is asked to describe how it makes him feel; he simply gushes, “I feel a band of Love, of dreams!” This is, for me, the most touching sentiment of the scene. It resonates the idea that love, romance and music are so inextricably interlaced – an idea that also brings to mind my favourite quote and one of the inspirations behind my blog: “If music be the food of love, play on” – the opening line from Shakespeare’s Twelfth Night.
It’s far beyond anything I can conceive
Some highlights were when Merrick threw his grappling hook up to the balcony, then rolled a natural 1 on his climb check (of course!) Causing him to fall flat on his back. When he made it up the next turn, Vontarin grabbed him by the neck and hurled him off the balcony. This time the little halfling caused a domino affect of falling bookshelves that completely covered the invoker in Encyclopedias – for 17 damage!
Here's out youngest cat doing his most special trick. He sits on his haunches, and...well, he claps.
I say the passing of time doesn't determine my beliefs
-Boil for 3 to 5 minutes.They're done when the dumplings are floating and cook
Freeway Running
42) So hey, your friend told me you got the hots for me… i think she’s right! +
2 inch piece of ginger, slice (no need to peel unless you want to)
Stamps: Big Boys Toys – Bi-plane silhouette, Dreams Take Flight (Repeat Impressions)
Thrash legends SLAYER have issued the following open letter to fans around the world:
16They shall hunger no more, neither thirst any more; neither shall the sun light on them, nor any heat.
These shy, diminutive creatures are hunters and scavengers, about the size of a chihuahua, preying on any insect, reptile or mammal up to about the size of a rat, or feeding on the remains of any larger animals they may find. They are not particularly aggressive unless cornered, and will (if possible) flee from anything larger or more dangerous than their prey; if they attack a larger creature, it will be solely so that they can escape, and they will not persist if an escape route presents itself.
Busy brewing this weekend: brewed a new IPA inspired by Rogue Brutal Bitter and bottled the Rogue Yellow Snow clone. I brewed the new batch first, then bottled the Yellow Snow while the freshly brewed batch was cooling. The bottling didn't go well. First, the transfer hose came off the spigot of the bottling bucket and beer spilled everywhere; then I had trouble getting the beer to flow through the hose once it was reconnected. I lost patience and ended up filling almost a dozen bottles by placing the bottle directly under the spigot. In theory this should be an aeration/oxidation nightmare and the finished the should taste like cardboard, but I'm not too worried because I dry-hopped the heck out of this beer with two ounces of Amarillo. I'm thinking the dry hops might cover up any oxidation. At least half the batch got bottled the right way.
1/2 small lemon, sliced
And last night I broke it off with Mercenary Guy. I just had to. There really were too many practical differences between us that would have eventually driven a wedge. He did give me some nuggets to chew on in the short time he was around and I will remember them and him. He was a lonely guy with a good heart, that is for sure. But what I knew when I wrote Not A Match I should have realized wouldn’t change.
**We think America is the leader of the World (which we're not, we just occupy this planet just like everyone else);
This is how a direct tax is legally and Constitutionally collected. It is directly on you or something you own (inalienable property rights).
“Only if you go in your underwear. I refuse to wash any more mud-covered clothes.”
To make music check out Aviary’s suite of online tools. Everything you need for free online 24/7 at:
Don’t fret if you make a few losing investments when you’re just starting out. Often, novice traders are discouraged when their first investments do not do as well as they hoped. Remember that the stock market is not a game, and it takes time, patience and education to get to the point where you are investing the right way.
However, I still managed to find time to stop and smell the flowers.
In football, there are times when a coach instructs an offensive player—usually the quarterback—to go backwards, that is, take a loss in yardage. The ballcarrier might run through his own end zone to record a safety to protect a large lead while the clock runs out, or run backwards a couple of yards towards the middle of the field to give a kicker a better angle for a field goal.
You will have read between the lines when I wrote the previous article that I was not optimistic that this outrageous form of barbarism will die out any time soon. Quite the contrary. Cases like these are put into sharpest perspective by other real-world truths.
Q: You can put a red tick against it now instead of a cross.
“Michael A Grammar are four young men residing in Nottingham. The songs on this, their debut Vitamin Easy EP, were written, recorded and produced over the course of a summer in hometown Brighton by childhood friends Joel Sayers and Frankie Mockett.
"Forever," I repeat, staring into her sparkling blue eyes and kissing her nose. She then sits on my lap and rests her head against my chest. I stroke her hair, feeling like the happiest man in the world.
Your new go-to conversation-starter is a state of the union on your nipples. You tell visitors that they look like they got into a bar fight. And you should see the other guy. He had... really hard gums. Ba dum bum. I'll be here all week. No, seriously, all week. On this couch, mouth breathing and having fever dreams about actually falling asleep. No one laughs, and worse, no one offers you wine.
But he also teaches to cherish the moments that you do have. That love, no matter how fleeting it may be or how much it hurts to lose it, is always worth it. That you may not leave as big a mark as you would have liked on the world, but to some, losing you is the biggest pain they have ever experienced, meaning that you do mean something and your loss will be acutely felt.
So...you take all of that and double it, and you have Imperial Steam Beer!
I love Zooey Deschanel for the same reason I love Tina Fey. They are quirky and unapologetically brilliant. They rep for awkward girls (much love to my favorite awkward girl Issa Rae!). I love the characters they play (Jess-The New Girl/ Liz Lemon-30 Rock). They are sarcastic. They sometimes care too much about people, they are ridiculously creative. They are not afraid of being silly. They poke fun at trying to be stereotypically sexy which makes them even more refreshing. Even when they make epic mistakes, it’s funny. When they attempt to fix said mistakes and make things worse before solving the problem at the half-hour’s end, it’s even more funny.
In a saucepan at low heat, melt butter and blend in cocoa powder.
1.) Allan Bevere - In addition to being a top-notch scholar, Allan has a great pastoral heart. I’m a big fan of his blog… and Allan!
With Universidad de Chile dominating all that came before them in 2011, it was really a no contest when it came to deciding who should be manager of the year. Jorge Sampaoli, very much a disciple of fellow Argentinean Marcelo Bielsa had La U playing a style of game that Rupert Fryer described as high-pressing, high-tempo, high-energy and high-pretty-much-everything. Their style of play was joy to watch scoring goals a-plenty but also were miserly in defence only conceding two in the successful Copa Sudamericana campaign. Already touted as a possible replacement for Claudio Borghi, Sampaoli wasn’t afraid to mix it up tactically and in this aspect in our eyes is superior to both the current and former managers of the national team. The only thing questionable about Sampaoli is his sense of fashion (see above).
ISBN-10: 143470064X
Let me pause for a moment. When I say that I’m against sexism, I do not mean that men and women are equal. We aren’t better than one another, for we are all sinners, but we do have different roles, especially in marriage.
So this is a confession of my alter-ego… Kesh-the-hulk-nee (o_O)
The common criteria tend to be: Appearance; Aroma; Taste; Aftertaste (SIBA also uses Saleability).
With alacrity he pulled up his ragged shirt sleeves and bore his dirty hands before Guus. “My name is Offenil. That is my true name, but it holds no power now. It is merely a title. A grouping of sounds. Scrap metal. That is why I can give this to you. It will no longer work from me.”
debkafile’s Iranian sources add: Tehran is the main bankroller and live wire of the Global March against Israel’s borders and claims to have rounded up Islamist delegations from five continents to support the Palestinians. Seventy sympathizers are on their way to Lebanon, Syria and Jordan from India, Malaysia, Pakistan and other Asian countries.
* Michael Jackson: Come on.
Many therapists have made many millions of dollars advising people on how to love themselves more. I am no psychologist, but I think it all starts with something relatively simple - believe that you are worthy of having good things in your life, and give yourself a break. If you do not have love for yourself, it is virtually impossible to give complete and unconditional love to others. Your love for them, while seemingly all-consuming and whole to you, will be difficult for other people to accept as unconditional because they know that you are incapable of loving unconditionally - they see that your own love for yourself carries conditions, and assume that the same is true for them. When it comes to love, actions speak louder than words. You cannot focus on your own "negative" qualities while simultaneously expecting others to think that their negative qualities are okay in your eyes.
Keys for unit.
Punch - Martha Stewart
I have grown weary and discouraged when someone who I thought was an ally took a potshot or totally misrepresented the work some of us carefully built over time. At those times straight friends like Auntie Doris and members of my Quaker meeting and colleagues like Fran, Jen, Steve and Christina from the Watkinson School and my sister Maria and my US Marine Bronx-raised Dad and others encouraged me, told me that it is not in vain, reminded me that I am not alone. They let me know they stand with me–allies.
The other white I always enjoy is a Portuguese wine called Vinho Verde. It is crisp, fresh and has the slightest hint of effervescence. A perfect summer wine. I've bought it from several different wineries and never been disappointed.
In the Christian Endeavor publication Golden Counsels, Dwight Moody made a point that has been missed by so many A.A. historians, writers, and commentators when they talk about “listening to God” without conceding or understanding that the new birth must precede it:
Romilda Aparecida Ferreira, 31, and her lawyer said they planned to file suit for injuries, medical expenses, lost income and psychological trauma after an embassy van ran over her and left her stranded in the club car park with a broken collarbone, punctured lung and other injuries.
8. Ramoner. HSN wants Ramoner to film herself presenting her line of jewelry. Mario films, Avery criticizes, Ramoner kicks Avery out, and then there is this:
Be with us in our confusion, our grief, and our despair.
The "basis" should be a strong and stiff linen canvas. I do not have linen canvas and can't really afford any right now, so I'm using cotton canvas instead. I don't really know if there is much difference between linen and cotton canvas, but I do know I've used cotton canvas as the interlining of a mid-19th century corset for my very well-endowed mother in law and it has held up very nicely, even though machine washings and dryings. So I hope it will work out all right for this style corset.
Ledia: John was so helpful to us from the day we met him. John helped Anna set up her stereo a few days after she met him. And John supervised Mason his whole life—even after John became more blind---in setting up stereo equipment and computer stuff. But always according to his exacting directions. We have always enjoyed knowing that.
In the long run, if everyone on the planet were following this trend, it might not be such a bad thing. But as it stands, it seems that our cohort group (which I would describe as consisting mainly of members of the "creative class") seems to be virtually alone among the various social classes that is not growing.
Anyway the book I bought was called: Days of Life and Death and Escape to the Moon. It’s a small hardback book published by Michael Joseph with one of those hideous covers that is certainly not intended to attract readers. The name of the author is in a lipstick scarlet colour, the title of the book is black and both are set against a background of cursive lettering – black on a white background – that is bold or not bold in a way that results in a man’s face emerging. All in all, very clever but stupid.
The international version of the Federal Reserve came to be called the Bank for International Settlements, or BIS.
Do you have old projects that are hanging around that are either unfinished or finished but not quite as you would have liked? I do and seeing as I am in a bit of a knitting funk at the moment (I had started and ended rather sharply a beautiful cardigan pattern from Ravelry which unfortunately turned out to be not as well written as I first thought it was - you live and learn). I thought I would revisit some "old stuff" in the hope that I can reduce my projects currently languishing in my "graveyard pile".
So if your friends are planning a bridal shower, you must checkout invitations by Felix Doolittle, and forward them the link. (By the way, his wedding invitations and thank you notes are fabulous too.)
Luckily, my PCP could do everything there – so I took the hour drive yesterday and she listened to my heart and heard a very slight murmur, but didn’t think that would be the cause of my symptoms. They hooked me up to an EKG and the EKG was normal except it showed my heart is working harder than normal – which, again, could be the pregnancy or something else. So, next was to get hooked up to this holter monitor – it hooked onto my pants and had about 5 electrobes on my chest area. It recorded all of my heart activity. It sucked to sleep in (and carry around) but it was only for 24 hours. She also did some bloodwork as being anemic, dehydrated, or elevated sugars can cause similar symptoms. I was to drop the holter off today or tomorrow (will be tomorrow as work is just crazy and I’ve been at the doctors most of this week) and they will download the results, review it with the other stuff and my lab results, and we’ll know if there is anything to be concerned with or not. I’m oddly not too worried – shocking, I know… But it’s important to know if anything is going on.
Of course, my children wanted to get in on the action so I went ahead and helped them out too and took advantage of having the Mini Monsters carts (because ya know, with boys, everything no matter the holiday, has to be scary in some way!)
I’ve always been a big fan of sheet masks, they’re a great indulgence at the end of a long day, and a quick fix for my skin. I’ve accumulated a veritable mountain of sheet masks from my travels, mostly from Taiwan, Hong Kong and now Korea. The sheer variety of sheet masks available in Korea is mind-boggling, and they’re very affordable. In most stores, they come in packs of 10s as many people tend to buy in bulk. I saw a lady grabbing at least 10 packs of 10 sheets at Skinfood!! I wish i had the luggage space to do that, buy I had to control myself =P
suburb of Columbia. I’m a high school teacher and teach computer
These are fast moving superhuman strength, human killing zombies but with one added improvement they not stupid, they by no means Einstein, but they can hunt as a pact. This is a small improvement which means when they is a huge group or blood thirsty zombies chasing the humans they is a higher feeling on tension.
TEL: (021) 7279-3777
~ Sam Levenson
While Talk That Talk builds on the hot beats of Rihanna’s previous album Loud (2010), she combines this with darker subject matter, often in association with another previous work, Rated R (2009). She sings about love in nearly every track, but not as it’s typically portrayed. From the beginning of the album, Rihanna portrays love as obsessional, objectifying and opportunistic. She intentionally stumbles over her words, like the syncopated dubsteb rhythms that mark her beat. This gives the sense that her feelings of love push her off-balance, as she references in the track “Drunk On Love.”
In such a scenario, no company owner will ignore the need for insurance. Not getting the organization covered by insurance is considered the most irresponsible act businesses may commit for their organizations. Simultaneously, they need to circumvent getting covered in the wrong method. It is quite important to be covered by insurance using the appropriate deal and understand the suitable insurance level.
Then came The Wanderers.
Part of Cairo.
tries your spirt, and splits your soul.
Our ancestors wouldn’t have had access to resistance machines or treadmills, they would walk or jog for many miles whilst hunting and would only sprint when game was located or they were trying to get away from predators. They would climb trees, hills, rocks; lift or carry food back great distances and would jump over rivers, streams, boulders. All a mixture of activities carried out over what we now know as a range of intensities but the crucial thing is that they were active.
Ted Talks – Michael Pawlyn/ Using Nature’s genius in Architecture
I brought this cake to a party and it was an instant hit! Everyone thought it was super delicious and I got a ton of compliments. This cake really is pretty unique- both in terms of the texture and the flavors. It's not something that you get to taste everyday!
The following day we were introduced to another American who had settled many years before and was in the process of replanting a mountainside after it had been used by ranchers and completely stripped of foliage. We were very impressed at what he had achieved over the last few years. His garden is amazing and he is gradually replacing some of his temporary plantings with permanent plantings. Some species of plants need a very long time to get established and he is not rushing the process. Now there is a guy to applaud! We stopped off at a place where chicharrones were prepared along with yucca, delicious!
Here I have used an image from Crafty Sentiments, called Toby in bag. It was a freebie image given out last year, and I like how I was able to use so many bright spring colours. It's coloured with copics, cut out with a Nestie die and then edged with stickles. I've used a MS punch for the lace edge, and minimal embellishments.....as they would not likely stand up to much use.
Holy cow. How bad am I? Almost a month between postings - first time I've done that. So sorry.
This took place in the physical body – in the matter of the body “Hazur”.
December 18
I'll see you again when it's all over.
If you are even thinking of selling your house the priority would be to get a higher price. To achieve this you must not think like a seller but like a buyer. This will enable you to optimize conditions such that the value of the house increases substantially.
The Cunning Plan:
The long and short of our bedroom story is that we moved into our townhouse mid-Feb of 2010. Mid-April I hosted our housewarming party. We had two months to move our stuff, unpack and get decorated. Two months is not a lot of time to start decorating a home, let alone finish it. When I look back at photos from that time, our house was BARELY done. Not a wall painted. Not a curtain hung. Barely any wall art (most of it laid on the floor in our guest room). But, I was so excited just to have a home, and I knew if I waited for it to be "finished" that I would never have the chance to host a housewarming party, and I was really really excited about it. So, I let go of my undecorated fears and threw it all to the wind. I figured I would try to get as much done as I could, but what I couldn't do, well, I couldn't do.
Starting week 2 of transition the plan calls for adding in dairy and a fruit. I fixed nonfat plain Greek yogurt with a little stevia sweetener plus berries and watermelon for breakfast today. It was SO good. I always had yogurt for breakfast previously, and having it again just makes me feel like “I’m back.” Not back to my old ways, which included too many calories and some bad food choices, but back to real food like the rest of the world eats. Back to the world of the eaters. It’s a good feeling. (Yes, a scary feeling too, but after a good weigh-in last night I’m feeling confident that I can do this.)
It may seem plausible to suppose that the head of the American Tobacco Company would have imagined at least that a dependable supply of raw material to his industry would depend upon a stable, reasonably thriving population of farmers and upon the continuing fertility of their farms. But he imagined no such thing. In this he was like apparently all agribusiness executives. They don’t imagine farms or farmers. They imagine perhaps nothing at all, their minds being filled to capacity by numbers leading to the bottom line. Though the corporations, by law, are counted as persons, they do not have personal minds, if they can be said to have minds. It is a great oddity that a corporation, which properly speaking has no self, is by definition selfish, responsible only to itself. This is an impersonal, abstract selfishness, limitlessly acquisitive, but unable to look so far ahead as to preserve its own sources and supplies. The selfishness of the fossil fuel industries by nature is self-annihilating; but so, always, has been the selfishness of the agribusiness corporations. Land, as Wes Jackson has said, has thus been made as exhaustible as oil or coal.
Then there was the Learning Fair at school. It had a talent show component. I couldn't convince even one of my kids to try out. Instead they all displayed artwork. Addy didn't get around to hers until the night before, but she still did a beautiful job with some watercolors inspired from some of my photographs from Italy last summer.
Having been dazzled by hearing Edgard Varèse's Amériques live about a week ago, I figured I might as well hear the rest of this France-born composer's fairly meager output. Most of it conforms to the template of Amériques: seemingly arbitrary noises, by turns savage and tender, with rhythmic patterns often idée fixes in sight. John Cage would go beyond Varèse's atonal noises and free us all of even having to think about music in terms of notes. Varèse also experimented with electronic music, as in works like Poéme electronique and Déserts; here, I would guess, is where later composers like Karlheinz Stockhausen would find inspiration. So his music has certainly been influential. Is it any fun to listen to? If you're willing to let go of any preconceptions of music as carefully structured entities with tonal centers, then Varèse's music can be electrifying in its sheer unpredictability. It also could be said that his sometimes harsh sonorities are best experienced a little bit at a time; immersing oneself in a marathon of this kind of stuff could eventually become wearying to the ear. But it's absolutely worth hearing, if you're game for it.
30 minutes before serving:
I want pictures of me with them and their father,
I overheard her telling Alice Anne yesterday morning, "Sister, if you obey me all day, I'll pick you first for red rover." Alice Anne's reply, "OK!" I heard her telling Alice Anne several times throughout the day, "Remember to obey me, sister, so I'll pick you first." This is so funny to me, because the only people she plays red rover with are me and Alice Anne and she ALWAYS picks Alice Anne first.
Bangle: present from a friend
April 24, 2012 marked the e-book and paperback publication of Demon Squad: Echoes Of The Past and it was self published by the author. Cover art is provided by Jessica Lucero.
1. They had good working treadmills
My appearance at CHA inter Show in Los Angeles this year a was fast and furious.
Eaten by maggots.
What a busy few weeks around the Missions Base! We recently had our Spring Conference with Kirk Bennett, a senior leader from IHOP-KC, about preparing for the coming times. He gave us practical ideas on how to prepare and a lot of biblical language behind it. It was a great time of ministry as well.
A further note: Kranti Sangivane’s email address is given so one may communicate with Kranti Sangivane.
The rationale of the therapy is that urine is a byproduct of blood filtration, not excess water from consumed food and liquid. In fact, the medical term for urine is plasma ultrafiltrate.
Besides the SP being refillable, the tip is more sturdy on an SP. Also, the brushed Aluminum casing on the SP is a real pleasure to hold- it feels substantial in your hand yet allows for good control. The SP's are more expensive, but refills are cheaper than our disposeable pens. (One other minor difference is that on a disposable Multiliner the word has a space (multi liner) but on the SP's it is all run together (multiliner). Either way it means many lines).
I've been craving brown ale for a few weeks, and finally gave in. I bought a six pack of my favorite brown, Real Ale Brewhouse Brown, and a six pack of Saint Arnold Brown Ale.
10. After about 15 minutes of waiting and checking and making sure it’s not too hot, you’re ready to serve. Take a new, freshly cleaned plate (or wash the other one), and flip your tortilla again onto it’s serving platter (see method above).
We conversed together but there were times Jeanette tried to communicate and the words just wouldn’t connect in an understandable manner. We played “charades” as I tried to vocalize what she might be wanting to communicate. When I was right on, she vigorously nodded her head and her smile grew even larger. We had a nice time of prayer before I left her side.
Maybe my job in critical care has helped me be more appreciative of life because I have held the hand of those who have had a brush with death, and I have gotten up close and personal with the dying. Sometimes knowledge is power. And sometimes knowledge can cripple you with fear and sadness. But it becomes what you make of it. So I say, take it and make something great of it, as if you have been given a second chance.
“Typewriter Song”
Style: noun. a particular, distinctive, or characteristic mode of living.
Oh, and say he was going to shoot him. That's kind of important too.
One of the things that first drew me to Baltic porters was their ability to stand up to damned near anything I threw at them. Massive Cuban robusto? (don't ask where I got them; they were actually legal, on a technicality) Okocim Porter took it and smoothed and accentuated it. Fra Diavolo shrimp? My boy Dojlidy could smother that heat while still picking up and cradling the sweetness of the shwimps.
The way the words are arranged, it appears that the word “genuine” applies to “chocolate flavor”, but maybe they mean it applies to the net weight. It’s hard to tell. But, I’m sure that they are hoping that our mind interprets it as genuine chocolate and that we miss the rest.
Chris Meade spoke passionately about the need to explore this new technology rather than just post up old style books on ereaders. He showed us some exciting children’s story apps being developed for ipads and his work on if:book further explores digital opportunities with literature. A recent project involved David Almond working with groups of school children in conjunction with if:book writers to create instant ebooks. He explains it much
Sep 13 2008 7:00P Cafe 322 Sierra Madre
~ 99% of the time the next questions is "Is it for religious reasons?" (This is especially true for me when they see my children, and nod their heads as they count to six
3/365
· One of the most popular Christmas songs, “Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer”, is sung by three different female singers -- Ella Fitzgerald, Judy Garland, and Gloria Wood. Each version is quite different from the others and lots of fun to listen to.
SUMMER OF NO REGRETS, I didn’t want to admit how much that idea intrigued me. I’m a lot like my main character, Brigitta—all about finding the meaning of life, not fantasizing over whether the guy next door is a movie star. When I bought a National Enquirer, I explained to the grocery store clerk that it was for research— that I was writing a book (“Yes,” I told her modestly, “I am an author.”) I certainly didn’t normally read that sort of thing. Of course not. Well, okay, maybe the headlines. Occasionally.
I guess the one caveat I'll add to the page header is that the year's worth of breakfast for about $80 is for one person...but at less than 50 cents a day for two people (my wife likes to eat, too), that's not a bad deal!
Spices and Seasonings to taste (thyme, oregano, rosemary, etc.)
When I taught English in Japan, there was a lovely department store a mere few steps from the office building where Berlitz's Fujisawa Language Center was located. I would go down to the basement, where there were wonderful prepared foods (bento boxes) for my lunch. Often I would buy gyoza (Japanese dumplings) and rice, and my colleagues would tease me. Jen, you love the sarariman's (salary man's) lunch. It was true. There was nothing I loved more for my workday meal than five gyoza, and a little steamed rice... except when the gyoza was too garlicky. Never a good thing.
I don't want to jinx anything, but I have a meeting on Tuesday with my favorite store I've ever been to, they are opening a branch in Portland and I'm hoping to consign some of my original drawings on wood there. Wish me luck!
Action across four themes will help India based software companies to achieve accelerated growth.
Rel worked the tension out of his jaw. "Pevan can be... recalcitrant sometimes."
They’ve got visions of cats dressed as cuisine!
And so....
But, wifesy, has changed my mind here, as with many other things. If a lot of time has passed – especially if it’s a really good film – watching a movie again, is like seeing it the very first time.
I think one day..I may open my own restaurant..
The first half is like watching a trailer, it’s super fast. The problem is, it’s so fast that I can’t feel a thing. I waited for it to grow, but it didn’t.
Release your flood-waters upon me.
Brooklyn residents have expressed a similar concern, and the elected officials are providing a voice for their constituents. Please feel free to contact the offices of elected officials who signed onto this letter with any questions. Thank you.
Watching out is great but unfortunately many self defense courses stop there. You have parked you car in a well lit area, are aware of your surroundings, and looky here, here comes three guys across the parking lot and they start to kind of fan out.
Just a few pointers here before we look at the third package. Nothing is ‘free’ in a publishing package when you are paying for it – believe me – it has been figured in somewhere. Direct POD is a printer. People do not visit their website to purchase other authors’ books, and the customers visiting the site, are unlikely to be interested in reading the books promoted there. So, with respect to Direct POD, I really am not sure what the benefit is without even a proper online purchasing page (An online bookstore is still in the pipeline from Direct POD). Google Alerts are very hand marketing and search tool, but it is not a publishing package add-on! The only benefit here is the bespoke cover design, simply because authors will have to provide their own cover images in the other package and are subject to an additional charge if Direct POD do the cover and use copyrighted/licensed stock artwork.
GC: Will that be coming to DVD?
A Short History on Shavers Or Razors
I ended up putting strawberries into some of them. Into others, I added some chocolate chips with the strawberries. Then, I remembered that I had some blueberries and lemons, so I threw that into some of the muffins as well. While they were all delicious, I think the blueberry lemon ones were my absolute faves. There's just something about having a juicy berry explode in your mouth with every bite. At some point, I had considered glazing the muffins maybe with a lemon-powdered sugar glaze. But, upon eating them, I realized the muffins don't need it at all. They're totally yummy without it.
To be continued (with album of photos from Norway)….
So, if you want to follow my posts on Twitter, please do! I just posted two fabulously amazing sites a few minutes ago on twitter (@yabooksandmore). And if you like what I post on Blogger, I sure do appreciate ya'll!! Any every now and again, I'll have to just post the same thing on both. I already do this in tandem with my book trailers. So check it out and follow if you'd like.
So in conclusion, being a religious Jew and a Zionist, does not necessarily makes you a religious Zionist, though that certainly most often is the case. And, I have to stress, this also mean that I’m leaning to a separation of state and synagogue, letting religion be part of the private sphere of life (not invisible though, nor ignored, on the contrary), at least until the Coming of Mashiah, may it happen speedily in our days, BE”H. Until then I’d rather support a secular state for the Jews and its citizens.
Open Bodyboard Final (All Ages, M/F)
“From cats and foxes to litter and road traffic our coast is a minefield of dangers for local wildlife.
It was a regular day in the Mid-West. I would describe the weather to you but I don’t remember. I do remember being miserable as usual. I hated being in Illinois. Every day I woke up in my bed trying to figure out which tree or intersection I could drive my car into. The only thing that stopped me was knowing that your grandmother and grandfather are co-signers to some of my student loans. Debt runs my world and I couldn’t leave this planet knowing that I am leaving my parents with an extra bill to pay. With this in mind, I woke up every morning and continued on with my day. Attended class, hung out with some friends, fought with my roommates and tried to muster enough strength to repeat the process the next morning.
The Grand Mufti of Saudi Arabia has condemned the show, calling it “satanic and immoral,” and has demanded that television stations cease broadcasting (to no avail) and that viewers voluntarily switch their channels (yeah, right!), citing that the show is an attack on God and his prophets. “It is not permitted to look at these serials or watch them. They contain so much evil; they destroy people’s ethics and are against our values,” the Grand Mufti was quoted as saying. “They are replete with wickedness, evil, moral collapse and war on virtues that only God knows the truth of.”
There were other discussions too about early career researchers, funded doctoral programmes with outside bodies and taught doctoral programmes where students with similar research interests across institutions are collected. We talked about how we might reshape our present research clusters. One colleague gave us some ideas about how we might maximise our research time. This included only writing papers for conferences in bullet points, so that one does not end up writing the papers twice. Other ideas were to link teaching and research and to do one’s creative writing at the time of day that suits you best.
In the meantime, I'm keeping my evil plans to myself and practicing my poker face.
Can you spot him in the corner and see how happy he is? This little elephant squeaks, and George brought it on our walk this evening, squeaking the whole way. He kept dropping it on the trail in front of me as I walked so that I could throw it to him. All in all, a most pleasant way to come home.
While the devotees in Boston and Pennsylvania enjoy some precedence, Srila Prabhupada’s presence was first significantly manifest for the general public in New York City, where he arrived shortly after disembarking from the Jaladuta. In his letter to Hanuman Prasad Poddar, written 2-05-70 in Los Angeles, Srila Prabhupada tells some of the history of his arrival in New York:
#144 Alex Rodriguez (Rangers)
“Around 30 Maoists took us hostage on March 14 morning when we were preparing food near a stream in Gazalbadi forests. They took us blindfolded and made us walk for about five kilometres,” Moharana told journalists in Puri. “Maoists did not cause any harm to us and treated us well,” he added.
23 Bleak House – Charles Dickens
I did find out something special though, I’m a xanthous! Now, if you’d have called me that in the tenth grade I probably would have hidden under my desk and cried, but by the time I was twenty, especially with a couple of tequila shots in me, I’d have busted your front teeth out. However; today with the vast wisdom I’ve acquired, received a few swings at my own teeth, I’m quite proud to be one.
This weblog has focused a good deal in recent weeks on standards and patents. In this context, the Study on the Interplay between Standards and Intellectual Property Rights (IPRs), April 2011, is highly relevant. Commissioned and financed by the Directorate General for Enterprise and Industry of the European Commission, this study was produced by the Fraunhofer Institute for Communication System and Dialogic in collaboration with the School of Innovation Sciences at Eindhoven University of Technology, and enjoyed the support of two legal consultants.
teachings and practices from Catholic hospitals, retreat centers,
By the way, our house is still available and re-priced to sell! It won't fit in your stocking, but it is the real estate bargain of the season!
I am wondering how these visits are going to go. I told you before that my mom wants to attend 3 times a week, I attend 3 times and Jared attends 2 times.. Now that my Aunt is getting all scheduled for her first visit…she is getting
6-7 HORRORS & VIOLENCE. Death as a perceived immediate certainty. Blood on the snow. Hatchet to the face. 'Horror' more common than 'Terror'. Starvation. Freezing to death. Dessicated cadavers in the desert. Violence as an easy and legitimate option. Blood/death common enough to be de rigeur; the accompanying jaded nonchalance.
I think I miss pepperoni the most.
I've got just about every color of the Toho permanent galvanized, so the fact that Miyuki is making them, too, is dorkily exciting for me! I haven't worked with these Miyuki ones yet, but they look very good, very clean, and the sample card features a beautiful blue, a color I haven't been able to find in a permanent galvanized bead.
Instead of dealing with high unemployment, soaring energy prices, a record number home foreclosures, bankruptcies and record setting debt, Obama turned his attention to health care and started a third war in Libya.
We arrived about 12:45. As usual, there were the usual faces milling about outside the venue, gangs of metallers sitting about drinking, chatting and smoking.
My one minor quarrel is with how the world has developed. Republic City has automobiles, radio, and instant film. It’s not that these couldn’t have developed in the time since the war (the Fire Nation already had antecedents to most of these technologies in the original series, they were just limited to military use), it’s that they developed along overly familiar (and Western) lines. I understand that the show is in part a metaphor for the rise of Communism in the Jazz Age. But in a world where people can shoot fire and make rocks fly around with their minds, I don’t know if they would have developed internal combustion engines, and then put them in cars which look pretty similar to our own.
It was disappointing and began to wear down my interest in the epic. So I started playing with a quirky idea for an unrelated fantasy. Since that wasn’t the start of a doorstopper series, I thought of it as a small, self-contained story that took second place to the epic.
I have now noticed that many people have a need to tell others how busy they are. Not a casual remark like any other we make about our days. I'm talking about people that hold a fear within that if they are not busy they are inferior.
And then yesterday morning my laptop crashed and I lost ALL of my emails (all of them)--I was able to get it working again thankfully but I lost all my to-do emails. If you have emailed me in the past 2-3 days and I have not answered you, please shoot me an email again and I will respond ASAP---also if you've signed up for my Copic classes if you could just shoot me an email on which date you were coming I'd appreciate it. Sorry 'bout that---but hubby said he's gonna buy me a new laptop (yay) so I'll use this one for back-up only! Electronics I swear will make ya turn gray! Anywho, I'm feeling a bit better and was able to get some work done yesterday and hopefully a bunch today. I've got a few events to go to this weekend so I gotta get all my work done :o)
The back slid up like a garage door, and inside were boxes and shelves of produce and goods. You don’t really wander through it, you tell the guy what you’re looking for, and he brings it to you. There were boxes and bins of fruit and veggies, and other staple foods like milk, eggs, and juice, and there was also some junk food (like Cheetos and soda), which, to be honest, bummed me out. Some of the fruit:
In the search for an unknown’s possibilities
I'm not sure if you've ever made a big batch of mini layer cakes, but it's no walk in the park. I once made mini heart layer cakes, frosted with an offset spatula and what a pain in the butt those were! Not only were they very time consuming because mini cakes aren't as stable as larger cakes to frost individually (they're tiny and weigh almost nothing, so it's hard to get a grip), but I don't own any cake rings, so I baked 3 regular sized round cakes and cut out heart shapes with cookie cutters, layered them together, and frosted them.
Thank you so much for your comments and kind words. They mean so much at this time. I leave you with one of my favorite pictures. My daughter and her daughter, Mikaela, taken about two weeks before Mikaela left us.
A foster mother nearly stabbed to death by a foreign teenager placed in her care has launched a scathing attack on social services – and accused them of gambling with her safety.
“If it is found that the land is under claim the matter will be referred to the land claims commission.”
I'm simplifying, you understand. A city can't be a complete bottleneck to the point where people make their own bypasses, for example by going through other cities. The people who sell things to travelers, well they have to get those things somehow. Sometimes you need to go outside easy walking distance to another neighborhood, and you don't want that to be too difficult.
Locate Nordstrom notes and a gift card I should still have so I can spend them in tax-free Oregon. Don't forget the empty moisturizer bottle I want to replace.
Good morning and Welcome to a new 7 kids College Fund Challenge!
I finished up one section of a ribbon on Les Rubans Anciennes:
Author: Courtney Summers
"What is this M.?" I asked him. He didn't know - he had never played it before. It sounded fun. You would be given a target to stalk and "kill" amidst the other convention goers while avoiding being killed yourself. Hmm. Sounded interesting. Considering there was going to be several thousand people at the convention I wondered how this one was going to play out. SO I chose it. Plus if I was going to play a game to bond with my husband I wanted to pretend to be a ninja! Or a spy! Or a ninja spy killer! Either way I was IN!
The RHS was under no obligation to hold a forum on Monday. In the old days, it would have sent out a couple of closely typed sheets of paper on the subject - which we'd all have thrown in the bin.
And to what end do I mention all of this information?
3: The Carrie Compatibility Question:
A Mom: high fructose corn syrup, MSG, trans fat levels.
It's a year after 9/11. Sniper shootings throughout the D.C. area have everyone on edge, trying to make sense of the random acts of violence. Meanwhile, Craig and Lio are just trying to make sense of their lives.
He also wants to create four touring gypsy pitches. In addition, the plan includes a warden’s office which would be operated by Mr Callaghan who will be the site manager.
Oh, and if you don't have decorative sprinkles, you can just drizzle melted candy coating across the cooled pops--It looks very pretty.
Today, we welcome author Melanie Nilles!
And finally, I made a table runner and napkins for my mom, as she loves decorating for the holidays. I gave them to her a bit before Christmas so she could enjoy the festiveness! For the table runner, I used sew-in interfacing to weigh down the lighter weight reindeer cotton and found that slowly ironing out the bumps in the fabric helped keep the fabric flat. I also used my walking foot which helped keep the fabric layers from shifting.
24 rue serves Get Marco Polo tea bags
The No Potato Passover has something for everyone, even if you don’t celebrate Passover.
Roll the parts like a pie crust & sprinkle with 1 cup sugar mixed with 2 Tblspns of cinnamon. Use this sugar & cinnamon mixture instead of flour to roll the dough out. Cut the dough in triangles & roll from the wide end to the narrow end.
For those of you out there that may be living this nightmare of having your baby in the NICU, take it from me, the nightmare will end even though at times it seems like it won’t, every small step your baby makes you will be one step closer to having your little one home with you. One of the hardest things I have ever had to go through was going home and leaving my baby in the hospital. I won’t even begin to tell you how much I cried when I saw all of the other moms leaving with their babies all swaddled up, flowers and gifts in tote and their significant other by their side…the entire family going home together. Our first step was to get the little mister off the c-pap machine, then get rid of his jaundice, off the feeding tube, then the biggest step of all…eat all his meals from a bottle! I thought this day would never come…but it did and I was able to take my baby home the day before Thanksgiving.
- that's Cuttlefish -
General Najiya: Very well, I must leave now. Farewell, my dears.
But the post is really me whining. Please bear with me. I know you don't know me that well yet but I just want to let you know that my husband left for his first underway in three years. He only be gone for 40 days but it seems like an eternity. He will miss these last days of summer AND our oldest son's first day of kindegarten. Plus, the thought of not having him home with us at the end of day sends me into tears every time it crosses my mind. Of course I know that I will get through this just as I have done before, just as millions of others have gone through it and survived. And 40 days is just a drop in the bucket compared to those that deploy for months and years at a time. But knowing that doesn't make it any easier.
Buttons and Twine to embellish
Melt butter in the pan, add sugar, then take off the heat. Arrange the apples decoratively in the pan, then cook on the stovetop until the butter/sugar mixture caramelizes.
…can giggle with his cousin Abbi for hours on end.
I was very surprised to see the good range of bottled brews there too. They had one of my favorite pale ales of all time in the fridge which confirmed my PROPER BEER stamp of approval as a PROPER PUB !! Hargreaves Pale Ale from Victoria which I shared with the staff and another bloke at the upstairs bar on my way out.
It seems that the very concept of Nicely Old Fashioned can be bottled, and I've just savoured every last drop of one the results.
I think here about the example of what you see on the Weather Channel’s Storm Chasers series. While a tornado sends most of us into a place of fear and anxiety looking for a place to seek shelter and protect ourselves, for the storm chaser it has the opposite effect. They are energized, excited and looking for a way to get into the middle of it all! While most people in their cars are driving furiously to get away from the storm, they are using their computers to track the storm so that they can get to where the action is!
me: The marriage is really empty to me.
Today it doesn't matter that I have some sort of face migraine that reoccurs daily and that my stomach is feeling dodgy. I'll continue to take pain killers and stay near a toilet.
Lots of people have moved into newly-built houses in the area in the last 10 years, but just what is it that we do and who are we?
I like talking to kids about space, and I love seeing them get excited about it, and that was definitely the case those days. I had my story that I wanted to cover, and was barely able to get through it each time for them wanting to ask me questions about what it was like for “me” to be in space. I was proud that I was able to answer everything they threw at me, which helped maintain the feeling that it was “real” for the kids. Frankly, I’ve seen actual astronauts do actual Q&A’s with kids, and this really wasn’t that different.
Model: Melita Ellis
Well, if nothing else the weather is making time for crafting. Almost the last of my latest batch of "nearly finished" cards! Thought I may enter this into a couple of challenges. Cut a shaped card blank, then in the same shape a floral mat (Henbury Lane paper), a shimmer card mat, and a plain one to stamp onto. Stamped the image (Country Companions-Lovers Lane) and coloured with Promarkers.Wrapped organza ribbon around card, then matted the layers on top. Added silver corners, and a die-cut flourish, embellished with silver sparkle. Stamped sentiments, embossed with silver, tag die from Marianne, and attached. Tried not to overdo the bling!
I have done everything I know to change my day in and day out to help with my PCOS. I have lowered my sugar intake, my carbs..ect. I've been on weight watchers since September, and lost 51 pounds. I am officially three pounds lighter than I was on my wedding day, and with just seven pounds to go... I will weigh what I did when I was 17 years old.
So, no other complains from me anymore.Actually I regret so much,that I've sent you those e-mails and commended on your posts.
Misfiring irony notwithstanding, Piper is great fun to watch, nearly a force of nature, and his dominant blankness can often work in his favour, making him enigmatic, intense, and interpretive. I just assumed he was the kind of crazy it takes to overthrow The System, and then everything seemed right in the world.
Talk Talk Life’s what you make it UK
Here is my card...
The reason why I find this a shame; is there is great talent at the core of this film, Seve Schelenz is a director to watch out for, but if he creates more movies this hard to really crack open, then the general audience probably won’t take to his movies. But hey that’s not exactly a bad thing, Terrence Malick makes movies that I need to take a mental sledgehammer to, and I still love his work. Just I would love to see Seve Schelenz’s brand of horror, opening in cinemas and doing well. This is the type of horror fans really need to get behind.
Glancing at the clock almost made her cry, she had been sitting here almost 20 minutes. The next 30 went by as quickly as she prepared herself. Her skin was soft and smooth, glowing from the quick hot shower and warm cocoa butter. Her hair was pulled up on top of her head in two high pigtails, folded into loops and she smiled at the little “ears” and the capitulation into her own humiliation. She lifted the mask to her face and the world dimmed. She loved the feel of the soft black felt against her cheeks and forehead. Fixed the strap snugly and turned this way and that. The tiny eye holes were covered with a black fabric that she could see through as if she were looking through a thick dark fog. Quickly falling away from the full length mirror she leaned against the wall almost panting and she knew she needed to calm herself.
This is my first attempt in doing so and hahaha... it's so difficult.
Hope you have fun with this technique and the SSD set "Friendly Fruit". This is a perfect summer time card making project.
We were sitting out in the garden of the wedding venue gazing up at the sky and getting frustrated at the security light that kept going off and coming on every few minutes if we sat too still and then made a sudden movement. Some shooting stars were making an appearance every few minutes and all in all, it was a thoroughly pleasant evening.
7. The next stage is to “feel” it. Feel what it is to be there, do that, create that, experience that. A millisecond of “feeling” energy will do. But sustain it for as long as possible.
As quick as a wink our mochas and bread basket came to the table. The bread basket contained a variety of morning breads, sweet and croissant. These were each cut in two for easy sharing. We could have polished off the basket with our mocha and said that we had a great breakfast. But we ordered real breakfast dishes!
First we went to visit the NICU. We got to see so many of her wonderful nurses. It was really great seeing them and they LOVED seeing her. They thought she was absolutely humongous and just adorable (obviously). It really was fun to enter as a NICU "grad" and then leave again with Cameron and not have to look back. Cameron was in bed 1 during her stay which was right in front so you can see her station pretty easily. It was occupied with a new baby and another set of terrified parents. The NICU was just as busy as ever and it was clear that they took no time whatsoever to move on from us after we left. Two of the nurses did say they had been talking about us on Friday night wondering how we were doing, so that felt good that we weren't completely forgotten about. But all in all the place had obviously moved on. So why am I letting the NICU define me? Why do I still let it play such a big part in my life? It is becoming much more of a distant memory but I always feel like I left a piece of my heart here as cheesy as that sounds. Knowing that one day we will completely be forgotten though gives me closure. I don't need to leave that piece of my heart there, I can keep it and leave it with Cameron. Again, very cheesy but true.
FBI experts wowed jurors by explaining how gamma rays, energy released from bombarding a bullet with neutrons, could be measured to make a match.
States laws govern how presumption of death is determined for a missing person. This is a critical phase in getting benefits in a prompt manner to surviving family members. Sample law for Rhode Island.
To the right is a pair of humorous, yet accurate little drawings that I thought you might like. Not only is it very true, but it also points out what we can learn from horses about success.
Brooklyn Student Registration Centers:
Another Dischell poem about a very ordinary experience is "As I Dispose of an Old Encyclopedia." I find myself wondering how many people even have encyclopedias anymore. ( I do remember having disposed of mine as well!)
Great House by Nicole Krauss. Only Nicole Krauss could write such a moving and heartbreaking novel about a desk.
1 recommend
What is glorious about that? Grand, beautiful, splendid? Nothing. I miss my girls, I miss my husband, I haven't unpacked my house, I know hospital life inside and out. I have minor anxiety attacks when I see a NICU unit, and had a full fledged PTSD episode when Tomas was sent to ICU even though it was just for some testing and he was healthy. How is it that I can laugh away an afternoon in a windowless room, hold my moaning, near comatose hypoglycemic child in the evening and then smile again with the sunrise? The answer is so easy.
I'll be the first to confess that I've always had a love/hate relationship with dreams. The rational side of me wants to dismiss them as nothing more than our brain's neurons firing while we're sleeping. Other times, though, like the past few weeks, I can't help but think there has to be some sort of deeper meaning
I´m very excited!
Like breakin’ up a dogfight
Meghan Chase has a secret destiny—one she could never have imagined…
Some verses of “Shine on me”, sung on the Anthology by Ernest Phipps & His Holiness Singers come from of a 19th century hymn called “Maitland” by George N. Allen which was sung with the words of “Must Jesus Bear The Cross Alone”, a text by Thomas Sheperd. But the chorus (“Shine on me” ) comes from a popular african-american spiritual “Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me” that was recorded many times during the last century. Usually sung with increasing speed and volume, (hear Leadbelly’s and Blind Willie Johnson’s for example), it is a beautiful and powerful song, really leading to elevate the “spirit”!
Peace to you
and peace on earth to those with whom God is pleased.”
“Rock Of Ages”
Here's a little recap of Saturday, since it's the only day I actually felt good. Columbus has this really cool part of town called "the short north." Every time we visit c'bus Eric and I always end up here. We just like it, cool shops, a fun market, lots to look at and we always have fun.
And then there’s Anwar al-Awlaki, the Yemen-based Internet imam late of Falls Church, Va., who intelligence officials say now acts as a regional commander for al-Qaeda, with the charge of recruiting impressionable American Muslims to take up arms against their country. In the eyes of some, al-Awlaki and his ilk represent the vanguard of an even more sinister trend: the growing “radicalization” of the estimated 5 million Muslims living in the U.S. “Radicalization is taking place inside America,” Myrick wrote in her letter to Obama. “The strikingly accelerated rate of American Muslims arrested for involvement in terrorist activities since May 2009 makes this fact self-evident.”
But for me the cons outweigh the pros. It is only a temporary thing, and as it starts to come out it gets very itchy. Scratching your head gives you black fingernails; an unwelcome reminder that you have shaken what is essentially black dandruff all over your head because you don’t have enough hair. And it’s difficult to apply- shake too hard and you’re left with a large black patch on your scalp which in no way looks convincing. When I have Nanogen in, I am constantly paranoid that everyone can tell. I don’t want to feel this way on my wedding day.
And for your personal enjoyment, you can read some city directories at the Brooklyn Public Library or at the Brooklyn Historical Society, unless you're fortunate enough to find one in someone's trash.
139 avenue Daumesnil 75012
Third place:
In this arrangement, I chose to group my like flowers together for more impact, but added one or two away from the group to bring the eye around the arrangement.
Applications are to be submitted by email or crayon. Grunting or faecal smearings will not be accepted.
sculpted pumpkin, vintage crepe paper and cotton batting all mounted on glass base.
I visit Canada up to six times a year, as my parents live there (in separate provinces), as well as dear friends going back decades. Every time, someone asks if or when I’ll move back. With a green card, I can only leave the U.S. for year at a time, so it would take an amazing job offer to lure me north, and for the moment, none is forthcoming.
of where my dream self has been taken
Flat Panel Computer Monitor – LCD Monitors
Buy above 79.50 for target of Rs. 82-83 with stoploss of Rs. 78.20.
March 10: 1.05 miles; 13 minutes 53 seconds
Finally, in very unrelated news: I finally printed pictures for this film strip frame I got from Michael’s a few months ago. Unfortunately, there’s no place to hang it in my room which is already covered in pictures of celebrities. Plus the walls are paper. So I hung it in Tasha’s room since she doesn’t live here anyway most of the year:
DRINKS:
”The Sunshine Award is given to bloggers who other bloggers feel have been inspiring, positive and offer help where needed. They basically spread a little sunshine as they walk along their blogging pathway.” Most of the bloggers that pass through my site leave a sunny little imprint (like an Ibis walking on a Memory Foam Mattress) on my life and I hope I leave a dropping or two of myself on theirs.
to go with a CAS look in the end.
· Business and product market forecasting
Sudocreme (for those most intimate bits!)
At first I was disinclined to believe Dr Whipsnade, whom I suspect of holding reactionary opinions on a variety of topics. But then I watched a BBC documentary which confirmed that the film was indeed full of falsehoods. Far from being a “patsy”, Oswald was an expert marksman with a history of violence and extremism. He also shot a policeman who had dared to ask him where he was when the president got his head blown off. All of which seems pretty damning to me.
The conversations in three alternating languages
Whom do you serve? The natural man, the unbeliever, says, “no one.” But that is not true. Here are the words of Christ in John 8:34. “Jesus answered them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whosoever committeth sin is a servant of sin.”
When it was Adam’s turn to split his votes he had the same strategy as Cee Lo and went 60-40, for TONY. I was really surprised for two reasons: 1) Katrina Parker (who did an amazing rendition of ‘Killing Me Softly’, in what will go down as the best song choice in The Voice history) has been consistently better than Tony during the live shows, 2) Adam has been gushing week after week about how much he loves Katrina, and wants everyone else to love her, what happened?
sleep -dance our reunion.
There seems to be a spark between Sonia and this guy called Guido. Not much can happen in five minutes. So the night ends and we assume that Sonia will head home alone. Only Guido shows up and off they go to his apartment.
Tornado comeback of Fernando Torres with a hat-trick against relegation threatened QPR .
‘Twixt Feltro and Feltro shall his nation be;
I'm thinking about doing a duvet cover for out bed in one of the fabrics with the light backgrounds... The fabrics do not come washed so that part is up to you.... Just something to think about.
As a result of this mini-crisis and other unavoidable deadlines that are, inevitably, part and parcel of this whole editorial/publishing gig I seem to have become involved in, I have (as some of you have noticed) not had many interesting things to say recently. I want to take a short break from the deep line edit that has taken over my weekend and post something that I hope is interesting (and is partially inspired by my hard-working author and what I think he and all other hard-working authors deserve).
Did you know that a mile in the pool is 36, 50-yard laps? Well, I did 30, 50-yard laps twice this week and figure I can work my way into it. My goal is two start swimming a mile 3 times each week until the race. I am hoping this will help me slim down so I can get back into my "pretty" clothes.
When he arrived, he had a package wrapped in foil.
I shall remember them!
Tells me not to stop.
2011
The police knew who the attacker was, a somewhat rich man who had seemed like a stable member of society, but after searching his hideout (which he probably wanted the police to find, I think that he was playing around with the police, like a crazy/violent Joker-like character/villain) they found that he had hidden his true nature for years.
I will take any tips and tricks that ya'll have got. This is GOING to go away, and with it, my insane injury prone-ness.
So a funny thing happened in April (worst transition ever, but we're gonna roll with it). Somewhere around week 3 or 4 of my training plan, A started commenting that my legs were starting to tone up from all of the running. By the last week of April, my pants were noticeably more loose. But the most remarkable change this month was mental. For the first time in my life, I started to see myself as a runner. I have seen myself as an athlete before. A swimmer. A cyclist. A rock climber. But even in the past, when I was running to cross train, or running in order to avoid being kicked out of Air Force ROTC, I never bought into the idea that I was a runner. It stopped me dead in my tracks when I realized that I was thinking about running outside of training and blogging about it. It startled me when I realized that I was starting to look forward to those 4 day/week runs. I really couldn't believe it when I sought out a running book at Barnes & Noble on Saturday.
On one memorable occasion Tanvir showed his true colours as a scaredy cat when he got stuck at the top of a 15 foot activity tower, taking two days to work up the courage to come down again.
I could go on and on, but don't want to turn into an infomercial. If you want more info on the cleanse - go here and/or email me. atexski@yahoo(dot)com.
“At 15, life had taught me undeniably that surrender, in its place, was as honorable as resistance, especially if one had no choice.”
Even while burdened with this crippling brain defect, I’ve been bravely working hard to craft the storyline of my next romance novel. Plotting an entire book, creating believable characters, and writing a great beginning, a middle that doesn’t sag and an amazingly satisfying ending, isn’t easy at the best of times but it’s near impossible when not operating with a fully operational brain stem.
According to his Facebook page, Angelo Marc Jandugan graduated from the University of the Philippines Diliman ranked 322 in Asia and is currently working at Deutsche Bank, Singapore leading to some Singaporeans to question why he was employed by such a prestigious bank when there are many Singaporean graduates who can do his job.
"Alright Xiaxue," you sigh, "I get it you don't want to donate... But what about helping to spread awareness so others can donate/help?"
DC discusses a previous Pew Research poll from March 12, 2012:
Okay, now down to haps.
Son: "And, what plans are those, Dad?"
when I shall come to you
That man, identified as Arthur Huntington, would not pay the $800 he initially agreed to pay prostitute Diana Suarez.
Planning to run in the morning and tomorrow I’ll talk about my new shoes which should arrive by Friday.
The Stingers - Forward Up
Late last night we decided to go to camp for the day.
This table display is known as a Haft-Seen. Every item has a specific symbological significance. Mirror (Sky), Apple (Earth), Candles (Fire), Rose Water (Water), Sprouts (Plants), Goldfish (Animals), Painted Eggs (Fertility)
They have never ruled anything, not even Kyrgyzstan, and don't really seem to care. They think their neighbours are soft and that they secretly wish they too were Kyrgyz.
On February 17, we found out that we were pregnant with Rodgers baby #2. After the initial mental adjustment of Now I Have to Be Pregnant in a New Place, the rush of excited feelings descended. Harriet would have a sibling close to her age - hooray! But not too close - hooray again! As I braced myself for the morning sickness fiasco, I looked forward to the fun of making maternity clothes, signing up for week-by-week emails, choosing a name, and most importantly, having a new little person to adore.
However, out of 169 representations from the public -- most from non-residents -- 105 were in support of the £5 million (US$7.9 million) development by Adelphi Distillery Ltd.
It would be a slight understatement to claim that my knitting has become a shade redundant in the last few weeks……I’m working on Roam and making a sock yarn blanket. And then the next day comes along and guess what? Still working on Roam and making a sock yarn blanket. And really, this isn’t a problem. I’m making progress on both and enjoying what I am working on, but it makes for really catastrophically boring blogging. I’ve crossed into broken record territory to be certain, and this is a little strange for me. Usually I am working on so many things I drown under buckets of woolly goodness. Those other projects are still there, it’s just that right now, I want to be working on Roam and knitting a blanket. So there you have it, a self-proclaimed project polygamist knitter is as close to monogamy as I have ever been. It’s a little frightening.
I will eat well balanced meals to keep me energized (in front of the kids, once they are in bed I’m gonna pig out)
She came out of the surgery fine. It took only 30 hours to be back to herself. It seemed that my husband and I were going to be the ones that were going to have a harder time with it. It would just take us a little time to get used to the idea that she pees from a hole in her stomach. (Now, a month later, it is no big deal. I hardly notice it anymore) So the next step is to just monitor her and then when she is 5 or 6 she will have it closed and then go back to cathing. The thought is that when she is old enough she will be able to handle the medication (she had a bad reaction to it when she first began to taking it and therefore was taken off it). So she will begin Ditropan and cathing when she is 6. I am told that at that age she will be doing it herself. This, too, makes me kinda of nervous but her future is looking a little brighter.
Man.....there I go again. Damn you digression.
My dark guardian placed a firm hand against the glass and sighed, “It has been sometime since I have been within my master’s home. Truly this is as much my homecoming as it is yours. How I long to venture to the many libraries, to walk the grand halls, as not a shade, but as the Theurgian I am.”
Okra, 10 pcs, cut into two
Type ls and ls backups to see if it has worked.
It piloted the project in Chennai about a month back and is now in the process of taking the product national now across 30 cities Pizza Hut Delivery ( PHD) outlets have a presence in. Yum Restaurants India, which plans to invest $100 million (Rs 522 crore) in India by 2015 and double its stores to at least 1,000, was made only the third country after the US and China with a standalone reporting division, starting November last year. Last fortnight, Yum Brands, which runs the KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell chain, for the first time announced stand-alone results for India – 8% same store sales for its 400-plus stores.
Isaiah, in speaking for the Father, tells us “… my thoughts are not your thoughts, nor are your ways my ways, says the LORD (IS:55:8).
It's been quite a while since I've blogged. I really need to get back into this.
every Governor sucked,
When the magical fairy dust ran out and it became time to pay the toll, they’ve made it a patriotic issue for society to bail out their malfeasance, and are now proceeding to milk the people dry through Draconian tax policies and collection schemes.
Pink snacks make me happy. Happiness in an edible form is necessary when you become the mom of the kid who brings politics to preschool.
My year, unfortunately, started with the passing of my Grandma. She was a wonderful woman who lived to tell the tale of having 13, yes, 13 kids! I lost count of all the grand kids. I will be flying to Montana this weekend for her funeral. I will miss her dearly.
As a manager, you’re excited because your organization is going to buy a content management system (CMS) and implement a new strategy to help streamline your writing and publishing efforts – YEA! Now, you have to get your writers on board with the idea. Hmm. This could be tough, because some writers aren’t real receptive to change, and this will definitely rock their world. They won’t be able to do their jobs the way they have always done it anymore. Now, they might own content modules, but not entire books. They will have to share their content – oh my!
Following the week’s blast of humor, this was a wind-down episode.
III) In first century Rome, the most popular month for marriage was
This is the piece that I donated to the "First Book" Charity Auction. I use a 12x24 piece of birch wood. Wood burn the figures, paint with acrylics, scrapbook papers for the background with stamps, etc. I added modeling paste around the edges to create the swirls.
Now sometimes things don't quite go to plan and unfortunately get a little mixed up, left out or just plain over looked. Which unfortunately has happened in this case.
Copy is the text you submit for publication in a book or article (the same term applies in newspaper and magazine publishing).
The message is clear: use your body to obtain what you want, or even better, use your body to obtain what the others want from you. Use your image, focus on your appearance, sell yourself, create a new image of yourself, adhere to standard beauty canons sold to you by daytime television, accomplish your man. And here is the biggest problem of all, how women are psychologically influenced by men, how this image dictates a model to follow in order to be accepted in a society where women are reduced to mere sexual objects.
All in, I had a lot of fun reading this book and had a hard time putting it down, yet when you add the fact that this guy is a debut author into the mix, it is a title that shows a promising career ahead. I really can’t wait to see what the next book has in store and I hope that this hits with as much impact as this title deserves as it is a real gem and a title that I heartily recommend as one of my top five debuts of this year.
Save $0.40 when you buy ONE POUCH any flavor 17.5 OZ. OR LARGER Betty Crocker Cookie Mix.
“This club has been building something special for the last few years,” said Tevez.
is getting away from me which I don’t like at all. I’ve been up since 8am and can’t really tell you anything constructive I’ve done other than answer a few emails, walk the dogs, and fix spaghetti for breakfast. It is 12:30 now and I’m already starting to feel hungry again – don’t see how that is possible except that spaghetti is all carbs and no protein.
Because if you're anything like me, as much as you like to...
The agony of David Suzuki
still have our mattresses from our childhood
terrorists in October, 1976, Prensa Latina reported.
Then add the dried fruit. Carefully press the toppings into the melted chocolate. This will keep your toppings from falling off when you break up the chocolate later. I chilled mine in the fridge for about 10-15 minutes to firm up. When chocolate is firm, break into pieces!
5. Friend of the Family (Ralph Towner)
STUDENT TESTIMONY
Her most recent album was “Phoebe Snow — Live” in 2008.
The two runners finished the race in a dead heat. As a result, they will both go to the finals.
Who pays for the "fair deals"?
This is this cat
To be eligible for the draw next Wednesday to win gorgeous pumpkin all you've got to do is:
In addition to being a miserable experience for anyone who attends, the Sampler is an embarrassment to the industry. American whiskey is an important international product and its premier events are being presented by people who would be over-matched organizing a high school prom.
Not bad for a cheapo makeover, hey? And soooo in love with JA that it makes me smile even more. Jonathan Adler is one of the only actual collections I have given myself the go ahead to curate. My first JA acquisition was the Kensington duvet, followed by 4 matching accent pillow and the sheet set. I got all but the sheet set on sale, so my $600 worth of bedding only ended up costing about $150. After that, I've been gifted with or bought the following: a vase trio, two sets of salt and pepper shakers, my favourite white ceramic cat, ceramic animal christmas ornaments, dog scarf, dog placemat, magnetic note board, two chrome ceramic bird figurines and two chrome ceramic vases.
Daniel is not only giving away not just one, but THREE chances to win an ARC of this book, he's also throwing in something special. So here's the details:
The mayors — Ed Pawlowski of Allentown, John Callahan of Bethlehem, Sal Panto Jr. of Easton and Ed Hozza Jr. of Whitehall Township — didn’t announce a new project on the same scale as Steel Stacks or an out-of-state company bringing hundreds of jobs. Instead, they praised the creation of 40 jobs for workers who are making way for the hockey arena at Seventh and Hamilton streets.
KO: *jaw drops*
5. Portrait of Mewsette - The Orchestra
Katie and Kristi also chat about a traumatic childhood filled with fear and strange people visiting their house. Katie’s advice to Kristi is simple, “Don’t’ talk about it. It’ll only make things worse” It turns out ignoring the problem isn’t the answer and it leads to a major case of return of the repressed when paranormal activity literally explodes in the kitchen.
Well I am off to continue my evening mom taxi service. I come I go I come I go....I know alot of you KWIM.....
Then we prepared for our first dinner guests here at Casa La Crazy! One of my favorite cousins(aka the one I woke up at 3 am to make her precious cinnamon rolls) and her hubby came to spend a couple of hours with us. My kids have not seen her since September so they were all very excited.
A few other odd jokes that stuck out for me:
And the whole, "Oh noes, Google is changing their privacy policies!" freakout a few weeks ago? C'mon. Google has a hundred products with a hundred different privacy policies. It would be stupid NOT to consolidate them into a single policy.
So you can play poker online without get involved into any hazards. That makes the craze of online poker loftier among the modern poker fanatics. Onlinepokertest.eu gives you the full chance to expect your skill and gain the maximum with your finest fortune. If you would like your name to be counted among the top poker players you will not think twice to log on to that site. But the main thing behind all these is you must not miss the true adventure of a poker game. In this site of poker game you will definitely get that enjoyment and ecstasy of gaming.
dannielyn
Now in the midst of an alleged “peace deal” being brokered by the UN’s Kofi Annan – a deal that is admittedly designed to buy time for rebels to regroup, rearm, and redeploy according to US corporate-financier policy think-tank the Brookings Institution, the rebels have openly rejected the plan and demonstratively continue on with a campaign of terroristic violence.
We tap the first 12 stouts at Midnight on NYE.
Mental health issues bring particular challenges and frankly, frustrations: when a s136 arrest is brought in, the custody sergeant has a right to expect that this will be a position of last resort, an exception to the norm. But in 2008, over 65% of people detained for a place of safety were taken to the cells. They should be asking questions of the officer such as “What alternatives have you considered, where else have you tried?” Their legal and professional duty is not to a local mental health policy, but to the law, wherever those two things are different – and many of them are.
