Ok, ok, this a weird idea. But as an answer to 'How do you inform a disinterested youth audience about the fine print of NHS reform' brief it's a pretty good hit.
“To the peak?” I ask. He nods. The trail is not wide enough for both horses, so I follow, cantering collectedly until we reach an open field. I bring Gypsy beside and urge her into a gallop. The wind whispers across my face, fingers my hair and whips tears from my eyes. I sneak a glance over my shoulder and see that I am winning. Henry’s horse Todd is slowly gaining but I have more momentum and know that he can’t catch us in time. We race towards the cliffs and I halt Gypsy a few meters before the edge. She is breathing heavily but I can tell she is satisfied that we won.
I imagine I would cook dinner, drive to school pick up and fold laundry better if I was wearing this seriously precious necklace!
800m swim
It remains to be seen, what will be the full impact of their lives, and deaths, in the region, and around the world.
Detective Abe Lieberman series by Stuart M. Kaminsky – Abe is a sixty-year-old detective in Chicago in this dialogue-driven series. Lieberman’s Folly is the first. If you enjoy it there are nine more.
“Light, when suddenly let in, dazzles and hurts and almost blinds us: but this soon passes away, and it seems to become the only element we can exist in.” ~Augustus William Hare and Julius Charles Hare, Guesses at Truth, by Two Brothers, 1827
Our mayor and his allies love to claim that there’s a war on cars, some sort of challenge to the divine right of automobile owners, when actually all that’s being contested is their primacy on our roads. No, as a matter of fact, you don’t own the road. Car drivers aren’t even very good tenants, using more than their fair share while bearing little responsibility for many of the negative results of their presence.
She found these darling salt and pepper shakers and thought of moi. She also made that cute pin cushion, she does stuff like that :)
7) Introduce them to other people. It’s awkward introducing yourself, especially if you’re not real confident with your English. So if you’re playing with a Sudanese kid, introduce them to some of their peers. In my experience with kids, lots of friendships are formed after someone else introduces them to each other, there aren’t many kids who will simply go up and introduce themselves to everyone. Likewise, with the adults, help them get to know some adults their age that they may be able to relate to a little.
We filled our last few days away from home by checking out the Public Market, eating a lot of fish, hunting for ghosts and trying to explore all that Seattle had to offer us. Although, I think I would say that the best time we had in Seattle, was when we left Seattle... and ferried out to Bainbridge Island and caught a few beers on the patio at the local waterfront restaurant.
“Why don’t I shut the safe?” his mind said to itself, lingering. “What makes me pause here?”
After having my first bite, I knew instantly that I love the sweetness of the pumpkin. and the aromatic sage which was use as a veg. Since then, I just had to recreate this dish for myself. To begin, I don't have a recipe nor did I look it up. I just wanted a challenge to myself; and relied a lot on my own taste bud.
Is showing some fatigue
I‘m a 3rd generation modiste; custom designer, FIT trained, and apprenticed under designers around the globe! I lead a local tour de force, that is global, and the best kept secret in the fashion industry! We complain about “Facebook”, yet we’re addicted to updating our pages, liking, sharing, and tweeting our lives away. But how can we use this energy to drive business? We have conversations on production value, encoding, film vs. video sets; ROI, Klout, influence; streaming;-realtime, asynchronous and/or simultaneous and take it SoMoLo, shoppable and connected! We take orders on mobile phones, Skype with clients across oceans; sell from LA to Lagos and source from Vegas to Hong Kong.. This may not be your mama’s dress shop… so what do we need to take indie designers global!
Is there an attack on religion? If there isn’t, there should be.
The college degree has never guaranteed anyone a job. It does not prevent us from waiting tables or taking minimum wage jobs or starting in businesses at entry-level. What it does do is open doors for us so that we can and do have an opportunity to show how competent,imaginative,
She wasn’t able to pick up her prescription because a police officer arrived to pick her up.
'Then said my Daemon—and I was meditating something else at the time—' I had come to know that so well: the idea that came out of nowhere; the fresh twist that came when I hadn't given a thought to that particular story for months; the combining of disparate ideas in a way that would ever have occurred to me and took me by surprise. And more:- the perfect phrase that arrives, complete, with no need for polishing – a phrase that I didn't plan or, it seems to me, invent. The moment when a character refuses to act as I had planned, but instead acts in a way much more convincing and interesting.
One of the last schools standing will probably have to head back to the friendly confines of FCS football. It won’t exactly be a commercial powerhouse in its new setting, either.
The dream of a new dawn for South Africa as the rainbow nation has fast faded with this near failed state but it remains the dream, a fantasy, of the Western elites and their media. SA Blacks especially the ANC youth wing still sing “Kill the Boer” all over South Africa despite being told to cease. White South African's are very aware of what is in store for them when Mandela passes.
But I wasn't either. I was enthralled.
And there you have it, the complete tale of my 'woman's cloth'.... Are you a sister and would like to try some of these? I have mom's serger, I 'd be glad to make some liners for you but you will have to buy the bottom part from Lunapads (probably sold at your local health food store).
And Lori in her sweater, and LL in glitter shoes
Doyle admitted that the idea had come to him as an inspiration while writing the story, rather than by actual observation, and that he had made a rare silly error. It is easy to be fooled into thinking it true by other clues giving a reason to presume the direction, such as which side of the street the tracks are on, or by finding the bicycle.
6. Cathy's Clown
saw at least 2 large sugar factories located outside of the city. One of my favorite candies, and perhaps one of the oddest, is called Cezerye. This sweet falls into the Turkish Delight family and is made from reduced carrot juice, az sugar and hazelnuts, then coated with shredded coconut. This fruit roll-up concoction is my new favorite treat!
Somehow, this sounds a bit like Jurassic Park to me. At the same time, as long as it doesn’t take itself too seriously, it could make for a fun, dumb, action flick. We’ll see who they cast first, though.
Never fear friends, MediaWatch will expose the cover-ups and obvious slanted news published.
My heart to yours
So how do you think? Would you like to visit Tong-Young next time you go to Korea?
{Hi there!} Laura Candler @ Corkboard Connections is hosting an awesome linky party about math work stations. I wanted to share some of my ideas about my work stations. First of all, I have an awesome poster that I made. I meant to take pictures of it, but I don't have any!! ARGHHH! Anywho, it's basically a poster that I created in Word and enlarged on our poster machine. If I find it, I will link it here so you can see. It basically has 4 rows and 4 columns. Each row represents each group and each column represents each rotation. I have 4 because I have a label for each one. I really only have 3 groups. I have it laminated so I can write the groups in since I change my groups every week according to our assessments we take on Fridays. Now to the fun part.... where I have pictures!
sits on my lips and defecates.
A few of these are now in service as part of the marinade for tonight’s supper (beef, raised by my brother); others will form the salad. Already we reap the bounty. Already there is a change in our eating habits, based on what is usable this day. Already I am grateful for the work of sun, rain, seed, and hand that has made my dinner possible, and am humbled by it. So many people are without jobs, homes, food. The Mississippi is bursting through its levees again. The economy gains speed, yet leaves so many behind. The local food bank has difficulty keeping up with demand. I buy extra cereal, pasta, peanut butter and canned goods to donate, while stocking up on fresh stuff for myself. There is something unfair in that, yet the nonperishables are what is requested; they do, after all, last longer on the shelves.
Set in London's West End, the film is about a character named Bill Hayward, who is being released on parole after serving eight years on drug-related charges. He's got two sons at home, 16 year-old Dean (Will Poulter) and 11 year-old Jimmy (Sammy Williams) who are not exactly warm with their welcome. Their mother abandoned them, so they haven't exactly had a wonderful family life.
I am very thankful that my career is advancing and I'm being kept busy. I love it, truly. But still, the last time I sat down to work just for me? I can't remember. It's always deadlines, class descriptions and article proposals.
It's the same way with the Lord, I think. I have to listen so closely to hear His heartbeat. Tune out the distractions, focus my gaze, still my own heart. I have to put my head to His chest, breathe softly, and listen. Thump-thump-thump. There it is I think, as I sneak a cookie from our wrapped plate to give it to a homeless man on the street corner.
Education was positively skewered towards educating the Malays. There was nothing in Malaysia that the Malays were not in control of and what they could not directly control, they could influence, manage and manipulate to their hearts content.
Avery’s Kaiser is an Imperial Oktoberfest, which is quite a strange duck. Overall it is well made and quite quaffable, but it just does not do it for me as an Oktoberfest beer. It’ll get you drunk (ABV: 9.37%), after one I was feelin’ it. This is what Avery has to say about its two-beers-in-one Oktoberfest:
Weekend plans-
3) There is mounting evidence that the WTC towers were brought down through controlled demolition, raising the possibility of complicity and cover-up within the US government, intelligence and military. (See the writings of Richard Gage, Undisputed Facts Point to the Controlled Demolition of WTC 7, Global Research, March 2008, see also video, Richard Gage Controlled Demolitions Caused the Collapse of the World Trade Center (WTC) buildings on September 11, 2001, Global Research)
The WORD says… Give, and you will develop character (Philippians 4:17).
ends in man coverage, although he’s smaller stature could be a disadvantage against some of the bigger tight ends that have entered the league in recent years. One of the more underrated pass rushers in this year’s linebacker class, Terrell finds the open crease in the
Television almost overtook my movie viewing in this past year, which the quality continuing to increase.
Brought up in an atmosphere in which ideals are mocked, and instant gratification is the model, it is only to be expected that a considerable number of girls will adopt the negative lifestyle of the manufactured role models. Television programmes such as Sex and the City debase women. Women are naturally sexual beings, but are much more as well. The gossip media's preoccupation with divorce and adultery effectively normalises the abnormal. Girls are taught that they must experiment with lesbianism and that it would be evil to not 'date' outside one's own race. Homosexuality and ethnic identity destruction are added to the litany of horrors with which children, and girls in particular, are assaulted.
And there is a fourth waiting in the wings as Silverbulletway’s unnamed 3YO colt by Roman Ruler has been working consistently for Baffert at Hollywood.
What happened if you have questions? Don’t hesitate to ask them. Don’t forget to take notes when you get answers. In general, if your questions related to a survey or title report, pick up a phone and give a surveyor or title company a call. I have never come across an unfriendly surveyor or a nasty title underwriter. They are on your side of the deal and it is in their (and your) best interest to clear obstacles before they become problems. The same is true with zoning reports. Environmental reports are usually reviewed by environmental law specialists within your company or by lender’s in-house specialist and there is no much you can do there.
Problems: The crucifix was way too high, and I didn't like that gap in the middle. Also, that antique piece stuck out too much in the middle of the room and was impractical for storing since there were no shelves inside of it.
Loveland - Liquor Max
They say people are drawn to bodies of water, and that a huge percentage of the population dreams about something related to it. Lakes are often deep. They go black in the middle, and ripple around the edges. I like watching water because it sways like it’s alive. It’s this strange, massive blob of untapped potential that can be a relief in the heat or can drown you on a whim. The best things are always polar like that. Maybe that’s what makes them so terribly attractive.
Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others. (Philippians 2:4 KJV).
think of Hesiod, trans. Richmond Lattimore or
Some of them seek to destroy you.
*Here’s my feeling about such things: Our daughters play piano, and every so often they have a little recital. These recitals, as you undoubtedly know, can be torturous. You listen to beginning piano students plink out off-key versions of songs with names like “Tree Dance.” You listen to little girls and boys sing showtunes from the 1950s. It’s pretty tough. But here’s my feeling: You stay, and you listen, and you clap for those kids, because in a way we’re all a team, all of us parents, suffering through the “I don’t want to practice my piano” whines, driving through absurd traffic to get to them lessons on time and so on. It bugs me when I see parents watch their kid perform and then walk out. I think it’s selfish. And I think it’s disrespectful. You clap for my kid. I clap for your kid. That’s the deal. I know not everyone agrees with me, and maybe most people disagree with me. The way I see, we’re kind of in this thing together.
Wooden board, tongs, a digital timer and a digital thermometer. With these tools – and a big, fat fire-proof mitt – you will not go wrong. The minute that meat hits the grill, put the hat on (the lid) and set your timer for 5 minutes. Do not stray. Do not get distracted. Do not go inside and get another glass of wine. Do not answer the phone. Just meditate for 5 minutes on how great your dinner is going to be. When the timer goes off, flip the meat with the tongs, replace the hat and set the timer for another 5 minutes. Again, stick with it here - you only have 5 more minutes of concentration to go! When the timer goes off, remove the meat with tongs, to your handy wooden board, and tent it with foil. LET IT REST for at least 5 minutes. During this time, shut the grill down, by closing those top holes and replacing the lid.
Stopped for gas in Montague, CA... forgot to purchase Oregon map... 87 miles to go! So excited, so excited!
I've just begun to watch HIMYM, and I'm really amused so far. In this episode, Ted finds a shirt that he didn't really like (um, so why did he keep it?), but which suddenly suits him. So he decides to try again with a girl he used to go out with. After an amusing recap of some of Ted's Past Dating Disasters, he settles on Natalie (Anne Dudek) whom he broke up with because he wasn't yet ready for commitment (in a complete jerk move on an answering machine. On her birthday! I'm with Lily on the hitting-of-Ted). Meanwhile, Barney convinces Robin to spice up her fluff pieces on Metro News One by saying certain phrases. A cute, but not terribly memorable episode.
I love how Lucas and the pygmy goat are peeking around the fence at the peacock.
Hachette Children's Books (includes Franklin Watts, Orchard, Hodder, Wayland)
Even so the landscape is stirring, like the one in the Deccan Plateau, with fields stretching a long way off, a succession of neatly cut rows of livelihood, nuanced by the crops sown and harvested, enlivened by the stark contrast of farmers dwarfed by the land they till, slight figures embraced by a landscape largely emptied of human presence, spotted only because they break with the uniformity of the land that dutifully conforms to the character the farmers lent it and one they strive to retain in the harshest of times.
Grammy collected and when it came to pens...she had them all. There was the awesome: Like this gorgeous Swan that has incredible flex in near perfect shape....
These delicate, translucent eggs offer a subtle, smoky taste with a mildly briny mouth feel
The next on my list is the most commonly cooked dal by every one, Spinach Dal. Again this recipe can be enjoyed with both roti or with rice. I make this once in a week for sure. This is a one healthy dal recipe which I had almost every day when I was pregnant.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to believe that life is too difficult and complex to understand and comprehend and therefore I never even tried to see where the problems lie and how it can be corrected to life that is best for all
I have had one lost parcel through Courier Post – and they were frankly assholes to me about it. The courier driver had clearly delivered it to the wrong address, and someone else had signed for it (I paid extra for signature). After I complained to Courier Post, my partner got a visit from a very irate courier driver, insisting that he had signed for the parcel. Thankfully it got resolved without any violence, but I also never got reimbursed for my parcel – and never received so much as an apology from Courier Post.
So off I go, into the land of unknown. I'm trying to figure myself and everything else out. I want to know more about myself, especially what I truly love. It's hard! I don't know how I'll find it, I just really, really hope I'll know it when I do.
and yet you STILL have, for example "The New Jim Crow" RESULTS perpetuated - while we no doubt hear that "IT IS THE SYSTEM THAT WAS NEVER CREATED FOR THE BENEFIT OF BLACK PEOPLE" blamed as the problem .......................they can't bring themselves to note that the NEGRO (or Progressive) that is now in power IS AN AGENT OF OPPRESSION - just as the "Klansmen" who occupied the seats of power before his time.
Leftist Femisogynists Really Do See Women as the Sum of Our Reproductive Organs
It was too late, the damage was done,
Surrender is often misunderstood as inactivity. Truthfully, it has nothing to do with the bodying doing or not doing. It’s an attitude, a state of mind, which keeps saying, “Okay. This is the way it is.”
By RACHEL DONADIO
They have a new class at a new facility with a new teacher.
Crossing the Border:
Everybody loves boxer shorts and they're not hard to make. In fact, boxers are an excellent beginner-level sewing project for someone just starting out. Are you a beginner or do you know someone who is? Sew along with us this October!
I am a bit of a grammar/usage snob, but I don't beat people over the head with it. Mostly because that's really rude, but also because I know I often have a beam in my eye, so worrying about the mote in someone else's is not a good idea.
Midnight Patty Hurst Shifter @ 3rd & Lindsley - hell yeah! Our North Carolina brothers are back ... Great way to rock the night away!
The Doctor gets his first clue as to the TARDIS' location in the 10th or 11th century by discovering a helmet with horns. This is of course incorrect as any self respecting kid who read Horrible Histories will know, as there is no indication at all that the Vikings ever had horned helmets; this connotation has come from film.
Copyright © Ronald Head. All Rights Reserved. You may copy and redistribute this material so long as you do not alter it in any way, the content remains complete, and you include this copyright notice link: http://oraclesandhealers.wordpress.com/
March’s gathering, on a lovely sunny evening, met at Spoonriver in downtown Minneapolis, a stone’s throw from the new Guthrie theater in the thriving and high trafficked downtown riverfront. Even for a Tuesday evening, Spoonriver, owned by Brenda Langton, was full to capacity. The restaurant is one long narrow room with floor to ceiling windows overlooking 2nd St. The noise level was tolerable for being so crowded, and I had no trouble either talking or hearing from the opposite side of the table we all shared.
I'm so excited to finally get to show my designs with the February Burlap & Buttercup kit! This kit was packed full of some gorgeous papers and embellishments! I loved the mix of October Afternoon's Farmhouse, Lily Bee's Memorandom, and Crate's Paper Heart! It is truly a fantastic kit to work with!! But then again, I have said that about every kit before and I'll be saying it again next month!! LOL!!
Embellish, honour, glorify and dress
Rogue American Amber Ale
Thrice hath this Hotspur, Mars in swathling clothes,
Oooo, feeling the baby hiccup right now... hee hee :) WOW! I think it's all those brownies... ha ha
All writers adopt a voice - a public voice, a literary voice, a this-is-all-I-will reveal voice, a this-is-how-I-want-you-to-see-me voice. It's our prerogative - even our necessity. It makes the book an artefact, a creation, rather than an extension of ourselves. If I hear Joanne speaking the words into my head, the artefactness of the book is lost. It's easy to be deceived into thinking it's pure Joanne (whatever that is).
Director, Center for the Environment
2. and drink tap water!
Weird science:
Your tip this month - Stop and smell the roses, even if they are covered in horse shit.
WAIT! HALT! There I go with the pommy stuff again! No more, I promise.
The farmer is the man, the farmer is the man
Then, when I start to notice the same problems during my own doctor visits, I know there are some serious problems that can be fixed. So, listed below are my top 10 ways for doctors to lose patients from their practice. If you have others to add to the list, please do so.
4. Praline Feuillete (Crisp) Insert
Yes, most nights before getting in to bed I give my feet a quick file. Now let me explain- I have dry feet. Like, really dry feet. My teenage years were spent crying over cracked heels, experimenting with various foot creams and dreading the P.E lessons that took place in bare feet. This is a blessing in that my feet never smell. Like ever. But the ‘sanding down’ that Paul has to endure on a thrice-weekly basis is definitely a curse. In Paul’s own words as he reads this over my shoulder: “I’ve picked a goodun’.”
Key features: One hit per pack, including rookie autographed helmets; players in their college uniforms
and when the bar is finished( i think lost of aliens will pop out and u have to kill them to get the fairy pendent coupon and redeem it at the npc grandpa moon bunny and the fairy pendent only works for 6 hrs =.=
Australian Court on Refugees and Indigenous Women
And here they are with the shatter on top, "Shatter The Scales"...
My Husband: Oh. Yeah. I remember that now.
“I can only apologise. I can’t believe I got it so wrong, but I did and I can’t take that back.
If Ronald Reagan was the Great Communicator, then Barack Hussein Obama will be known as the Great Prevaricator.
The next one is of Sophie at Australia Day Breakfast in Denmark. It was also the day Geoff became an Aussie!!!
I burned the oatmeal, toast, and began to watch t.v with my nephew.
Then out from behind
How to Set Up Your New Home will be held Sunday January 23rd at 10 am
3. “…other book websites… not having problems with sales”
"Thou Shalt Not Mock the Little Debbie" It's right in there...I think it's commandment number 8 or something, the one people forget because they're all "did he really mean that I can't think Mr. Jennings is hot, I mean...Yeah, he's my neighbor's husband and all, but I have eyes man..." so people usually miss it.
Focus, Dave.
There is nothing worse than seeing people out to eat,
Meanwhile, ALEC has continued to slip laws written by education-tech lobbyists onto the books. In Tennessee, Republican State Representative Harry Brooks didn’t even bother changing the name of ALEC’s Virtual Public Schools Act before introducing it as his own legislation. Asked by the Knoxville News Sentinel’s Tom Humphrey where he got the idea for the bill, Brooks readily admitted that a K12 Inc. lobbyist helped him draft it. Governor Bill Haslam signed Brooks’s bill into law in May. The statute allows parents to apply nearly every dollar the state typically spends per pupil, almost $6,000 in most areas, to virtual charter schools, as long as they are authorized by the state.
Habitation is giving away one of each of the pillows shown above. Two winners will be drawn and announced on Tuesday, May 31st (one pillow per winner). To enter, visit Habitation on Etsy and let me know which item from the shop is your favorite. For an additional entry, you can also "add item to your favorites" on Etsy, and leave a comment letting me know you did.
Even in winter, the Hudson River naturalist John Burroughs (John Burroughs America, 1951) made a point of conversing with the plants where he lived. “Nearly every season I make the acquaintance of one or more new flowers. It takes years to exhaust the botanical treasures of any one considerable neighborhood,” he wrote.
Fr. Solanus was very right: worry is indeed an “insidious enemy,” a direct and dangerous hindrance to Christian peace of soul. It attacks the human heart even in times of peace and quiet; it is the devil’s attempt to rob us of our trust in God. In my worst worrying moments, I have had a false sense that, if I wasted enough energy and time being anxious and distressed over everything going on in my life, I might somehow by virtue of my worrying take care of it all—and, moreover, that if I didn’t stress about it, it would not be taken care of. Such a mentality
Two Shows in One Room
However, there have also been rumors that the console would have to be connected to the internet in order to play a game. Meaning in addition to paying to subscribe to Xbox Live, you would have to pay for the internet. And if your internet connection goes out, you can no longer look to your Xbox as a source of entertainment.
To make the card base, I welded together two of the shadows of my image using my gypsy, and then cut my image out and layered it on top. I love that you can curve the sentiments on the clear stamps, it opens up so many possibilities!
of platforms
~ The event took place on Cinco de Mayo. I'm betting there were a lot of people who thought starting the evening with wine and ending with Tequila would be a seamless transition. I'm also betting the next morning many of them were proven wrong.
For my friends, the mothers of tweens: May your child find his own moral compass. May friends, music, and movies not steal the precious years of childhood innocence.
Today was one of those bursts of creativity. I mean, I woke up and couldn’t wait to get my hands around my hot glue gun. I don’t have these kinds of days too often, but when I do, it is absolutely liberating.
The next day, we spun into research writing. Our Wild China video showed kelp farmers and algea-eating jellyfish. The kids each took one subject and Googled some facts. Nate drew diagrams of facts (this = that) with squares around the text to distinguish it.
Click the link below and vote now!
My mood is slowly circling the drain on a downward spiral. I tried to communicate with my husband through text but it just pisses me off even more. I don't like him much when he is around. I've noticed the whole dynamic of this family changes when he wakes up or when he gets home from work.
The Zombie Question is a big issue in Haiti, Roosevelt as assistant secretary of the navy, had to write a constitution for the island republic.
I do beseech your majesty may salve
Gavroche shook her head. "I meant what now with me?"
We had some left-over sparklers from Bonfire Night and considering that it gets dark just before 4pm--they are perfect for adding a nice glow to the evening!
very supportive.
None of us are invisible to Christ, who went infinitely out of his way to bring salvation into our lives. Romans 12:5 tells us that we are all members one of another, whether we’re young or old, rich or poor, blue collar or white. None of us who belong to Jesus should be blind to brothers or sisters who are different from us. Paul said to associate with the lowly. Jesus received children gladly. Jesus looked to our interests, and as those who are joined to him, we should imitate him.
PREP TIME 15 Min READY IN 10 Days
But there's a voice inside my head saying
Happy Birthday, mom. :)
At least he has good taste. It's a pity we can't share anymore.
Herzer, I. (1989) The Italian refuge: Rescue of Jews during the holocaust. Washington, D.C.: Catholic University of America Press
- I love when I am rinsing her hair in the tub and the water runs down her face and she just looks at me and blinks like, "Mama....I think you got me wet!"
I believe it is essential for the European peoples to form strong alliances between ourselves and adopt a unified approach to a common and very serious threat. In this respect I am delighted that the BNP have formed alliances with other nationalist groups as we have interests and needs in common, we share a common Christian heritage and culture and we most surely face a common danger.
he has been my nurse, my friend, my helper, our kids nurse...and so much more.
But, alas, I'll never be
Four: She doesn't have any problem dealing with the United Sates and the west generally as long as she uses their support to advance her agendas. In response, Khalid accuses her of being brainwashed and used. And to trash by association he mentions "training in Serbia"!!!
It turns out the bull calf was bigger than the neighbors bull calf that was nearly a month old. After Holly was put out of life and everything, the guy processing her had to break her pelvic bone to get the bull calf out. He was that big. He was also really nicely put together. That just figures! We did get a few steaks, a couple of roasts and a bunch of ground meat from Holly, but there really wasn't much for him to work with.
"I trust in Thee."
Sarah's Key. She wanted to make a book mark for each person in her group from the key beads. And she did!
Finish: There was a dry note that left a refreshing sensation. No hops here…
Children’s Fashion Show with Hype: 5pm
I made four cards for Mother's day! of course, I only remember to take picture of one card as the other three was already sealed in envelopes. lol the design of it is pretty simple and I use my scrap stash to create those four cards. I used the coffee border stamp and embossed in black. then I decorated bottom and wrote sentiment inside of card.
The punch line of the joke reminded me of when my friends Brendan and Liz came to visit me in Barcelona and Brendan was especially taken with the expression ¡toma! which is what Spanish kids says when they want to say “take that” or “in your face.” I don’t even know how it came up, but during the time they were around, we found lots of things over which to feel superior in such a manner.
Neither man inspires me at all yet I have a chance to have a real say and decide the next four years of our Capital's history.
Now, these next 2 pictures are of a dream I had!! I never dream about food but I did this one night. I call these pizza rolls or pizza boats. I dreamed I got some bolillo rolls and hollowed them out. I filled them with all things I put on my homemade pizza---sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, black olives, pizza sauce--etc. I topped them with shredded mozzarella and put them in the oven to melt the cheese. I did put the rolls in the oven empty at first so that the got a bit crusty. These turned out pretty good---not exactly the intense taste from my dreams but it was a good start!!!
A high-level party official once told a friend that Floella Benjamin would “pull in the black vote”. We are still waiting for that to happen. More recently, Clegg was seen enthusiastically endorsing Pauline Pearce, the so-called ‘Hackney Heroine’, who was also thrust into a BBC Newsnight debate. And the party have been fetting Duwayne Brooks, who is more well known for being Stephen Lawrence’s friend who was with him on that fateful night in 1993.
Join us and tell a friend to join the conversation!
Off to do something feminine, like paint my nails metal flake pink, now that would make a cool colour for a 72 Mark IV.
12. Two Out Of Three Ain’t Bad…Um…yea..they were.
Readers, I don't know if I say it often enough but I really am so thankful for all of your support and lovely comments every week! Thank you so much!!
I have had many opportunities to advocate for Eslea and will continue to do so. Much greater is the chance we are given to make a difference for everyone with designer genes. Every time I advocate for Eslea, I'm also working to spread diversity and tolerance for ALL.
Although I really, really preferred the green version (it was a mint green, a colour I especially wanted since I already have warm-coloured maxis), the mustard yellow is OK as a replacement. If I look at it this way- as they refunded me the money for that dress, I had paid $25 (incl shipping) and received two dresses. Despite all the complications during the order, and receiving the wrong item, I guess in the grand scheme of things I hadn't expended too much for what it was worth.
couple splashes of fish sauce
The main dp, vellum, frame & winged heart are all from Rhapsody in blue SB kit. The silver leaves to create the border down the right hand side are from the Pretty in Pink SB kit. The fringed paper is from the 8 x 8 silver collection and was fringed in Craft Artist which has made it look like a piece of fabric - love that effect! The 'stitching' on the vellum was also done in Craft Artist. The subject matter of the photo is courtesy of my sister - my twin niece and nephew. It was taken about 5 years ago and was one of those spontaneous things that just produced one of my favourite photos of them. I'm somewhat vertically challenged and have a step stool (one of those things on wheels that you see in offices and supermarkets) for reaching the top couple of shelves in the kitchen cupboards and they had both raced to sit on it and ended up back to back sharing it in fits of giggles. I just had to capture the moment and love how it worked. I think this will have to go to my sister in recognition of her contribution ;o)
But, I would still get upset and wonder under some circumstances.
Dies: Wplus9 Heart Die, PTI Limitless Layers
But the sense of sight is a fragile one. Many people don’t enjoy this wonderful sense. As I think about this I’m reminded of several experiences in my life involving eye troubles.
The mouse got loose. It ran behind the crappy made in China CD storage cabinet that SH bought from Menards before we started our made in China boycott and before he stopped shopping at Menards. Laverne ran to the other side of the cabinet and forced the mouse to run out from the side by me. I wasn't prepared. The mouse saw me and ran back behind the cabinet. It sat in halfway between both sides, quivering.
As long as you have money, colour is blind.
Latrobe Brewing Co. Rock Green Light
My God. It’s not really as bad as it seems. I am convinced I can rationalize almost anything, and do so adequately enough that I really am NOT a bad person. And besides, while I love drinking, smoking and having sex – at least I confine myself to only smoking regularly, drinking in spurts, and sex in my head. The way I see it, I could easily be sainted for less in today’s world. I’m like one of Henry VIII’s wives – but without someone to pull my sweatpants on for me or fetch my horse from the stables.
For the Environmentalists out there:
Ah yes, the unicorn understands that! The enchanted mists are very similar. Thank you very much, Mati.
“I think that women are finally discovering, thanks to craft beer, that beer has flavor,” she says.
But revelations today have exposed an explosion of grudges within the top Liberal ranks and deep fractures within the party.
or we are saying,
- a compelling father and son story of alienation and reconciliation
"There's a lot that's happened. We've seen this worm, this virus that's attacked the computers that run the Iranian uranium enrichment process,” Steinberg said. “We've seen some scientists who have been killed and injured, people who are working on the nuclear enrichment program in Iran, and we've seen sanctions. When you put those pieces together, it makes sense to see a slowdown in the process."
It's a cocktail that deserves a decent bourbon like Woodford Reserve: like a good martini, it's a drink that can't hide behind the other ingredients. Anyway, this is my favourite bourbon cocktail, possibly because of the Mad Men link, but also because of what it has in common with the classic Claridges champagne cocktail.
Thump, thump… up the stairs!
1923.
2. In another casserole boil the chicken stock. Add the ground pork and the fish balls. Season with fish sauce to taste.
And to save even more time, use pre-washed spinach and pre-sliced mushrooms. (I used regular mushrooms instead of button or cremini, but I'm betting those would be even tastier!)
Among the politicians from the all-parties team who visited Kashmir, two made a particularly favourable public impression: the Communist Party (Marxist)’s Sitaram Yechury and Ram Bilas Paswan. Yechury grasped the nettle by knocking on hardline leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani’s door. Paswan visited the grieving family of Tufail Ahmad Mattoo, the 17-year-old, whose killing in June sparked a wave of protests.
2) Don't be squeamish about mixing that dough - don't overmix, but it's OK to mix enough to get a nice, uniform dough.
Me: “Writer. And, um, I think I’m having a severe food allergy to milk–”
Have a good night. I have to unglue my hair now.
﻿This was Crew Member 4's first "Real Halloween", she was to young to remember the first 3 but we had sooo much fun last night (can't you tell by that smile) and she has been talking about it All Day today. ***Memories!!!***
reflecting pool
Great film. As with Cat Dancers, I was wary and then goaded into it by friends. Because it's a doc about truckers right? What convinced me was that the director, Doug Pray, also did Scratch and Hype! Glad I succumbed because I loved Big Rig. Turns out truckers are fascinating people who know how to tell a story. Pray and two crewmembers essentially hitchhiked across the country catching rides with truckers while interviewing them. The stories are often personal, but also touch on the commonalities of life as a trucker; long hours, rising gas prices, separation from family. Highly recommended.
i looked back down at the table.
It’s not hard to realize
Charles Phahlane, spokesperson for the Gauteng department of education, said the department condemns the disruption of learning and teaching and the destruction of property at the schools.
My own feelings about Israel are deeply ambivalent, especially as a “patrilineal half-Jew” who cannot be married or buried by rabbis there. In part because of this reality, our interfaith community does not tend to stress allegiance to Israel the way many Jewish communities do. And growing up in an ultra-progressive town, my children hear more about the plight of the Palestinians than they do about the creation of Israel. A Hollywood movie, with all of its necessary warping of events and perspectives, may seem like a dicey form of education. But at least I had the full attention of my kids. Below are some snippets of our family dialogue.
For those of you who can stay and work for change, I admire and commend your patience and forebearance, your long-suffering and perseverance. I wish I could be more like you.
I don't think you could squeeze another ounce of charm into this Southern venue if you tried - Can you get over how deliciously cute that little chapel is? I am loving every single detail ... read on for a glimpse at how the day unfolded, as told by Megan ... So many touching tidbits and even though I read about weddings every day, Megan's story made me tear up just a tiny bit - It's simply beautiful ...
After a beautiful, cool and pleasant summer, the weather decided to have a desperate attempt to get into the high eighties and low nineties this last week. I really shouldn't complain after the pleasant mid-seventies we enjoyed through most of July and August. Especially since the rest of the country had to live through that awful heatwave. No, I won't complain, but I do look forward to the end of this spell.
4. What are you wearing right now?
That change may have been made many years ago, and I like to think that people are more respectful of old buildings now -- though as always we are not very caring of those built by the generation immediately before our own. How many of us would fight to preserve the architecture of the 1970s? Perhaps our children will love all that grim brown brick and those asymmetrical windows.
And in 2009 we traveled illegally to Cuba, welcoming the new year with aged Havana Club rum and canon shots in Havana's harbor. Besides the normal 3, team Cuba included Matthieu for the 2nd time, Violaine and a different Tim.
So you want to know the number 1 way to get an agent? I’m going to tell you right now and I’ll use “Cylinder” as an example. After reading Cylinder last year I felt like my body had been injected with the same adrenaline as Jason Statham in Crank. It was a pure rush and I kept thinking, “This is really fucking good.”
Computer Cloth
1/8 teaspoon ground ginger
Peel the garlic, dump all of the roasted vegetables into a big, high-sided bowl, and puree with a hand blender. If you are cool enough to have a hand blender. Then, send the hand blender to me. Thank you.
My decision to take the DM course was not easily made but it’s looking better and better. I have yet to recieve any offers to work in the nursing field and the long it is before I get a CNA job the less likely it will be that I will get an RN position before we leave the island. We have been here about 16 months which means we will only really be here about another 18 months or so. So, if it takes me a year to get into a nursing job, after the 12 week training, I would only hold the job 6 months. The employers are not blind to this. In fact, I’m starting to suspect that it’s already in the front of their minds.
For those not in the know, Neverwinter Nights is a video game that came out a while back that uses the D&D 3.0 rules to run everything. It is actually explicitly 3.0, not 3.5, so certain things might seem a little odd if 3.5 was your 3E of choice. I'm not a huge computer game person, but I do like the occasional FPS or RPG-style computer game (Deus Ex is one of my favorite CRPGs of all time). When I do play a game like this, I am one of those people who gets really "crunchy" with my character - what weapon do I take, tweaking stats, skills, etc.. I'm not a WoW or other MMO type player, so don't get that far into it, but I do like the ability to "fiddle" with my character like that.
Also pages must be created solely for this challenge to be valid for entry
At the Oktoberfest Ole! you will find the most typical products of German gastronomy: frankfurters, pork knuckle, grilled ribs, Bavarian Emmental cheese, salads, delicious desserts, German cakes and of course the full range of beer from the Bavarian major brands. It will be complemented by live music: with an orchestra and some Guest DJs
According to rabbis, this room represents the heavens (sky). The sky is referred to as the realm of God. To support this idea is the seven-branched lampstand, which they say represents the seven days of the week, and the six planets which revolve around the sun, the bread of presence, in which the twelve pieces of bread represent the twelve months, and the blue fabric, which represents the sky.
The Phelpses may be a pithy counter-example, but of course we know Cee Lo didn't mean them. Yet what about those whose faith drives them to vote against marriage equality? What about Muslims in some parts of the world engaging in female genital mutilation? What about the Catholic church (and many others) not allowing women in leadership roles? Did Cee Lo implicitly mean to exclude all of those beliefs too? It seems unlikely.
"William?" she said. "What are you doing out there?"
The summer I turned 14 that all changed. Sometime during the off season, My Uncle Bill had a shower stall installed inside the bathroom. It may have been there all the time but I remember I was first allowed to use it when I was 14. Why do I remember that? Because it was also the last time I used the inside shower stall. My brother and I had met some girls on the beach and we were going to meet them at the boardwalk. It wasn't a date but it was hanging out with girls and girls required the use of shampoo and soap and deodorant.
If God is truly great – why can’t He be trusted to work in those mysterious ways in his own manner? Instead we leave Him trying to clean up our mess when we gather in a huge mob of vehement “faith” and blindly use His name to massacre thousands of non-believers? This kind of entitlement can lead to major problems that actually work directly against the Bible and its teachings, if you don’t believe me – read a history book. The massacre thing is only a small example.
I sincerely hope that Christians heed the words of Cardinal Keith O'Brien to "wear proudly a symbol of the cross of Christ" each day of their lives.
He is in the middle of a country where we are killing people with drones. He is there with armed guards surrounding his house to protect him (didn't work too well). And why is he there? His company would have you believe he was there attempting to help the people of Pakistan build a better economic base for themselves instead of operating a very low cost labor camp for garment manufacturing that they would be importing into the U.S.
What do you do to combat stress and silliness?
Health officials took Hepburn on a tour of a tuberculosis ward in Toronto, advising him none of the children with Bovine TB came from Toronto, but from smaller rural communities. He was told that passing a provincewide requirement for pasteurization, could empty the children’s ward of patients in the future. He reportedly replied, “Done!”…”
It was on May 5, 2008 that the infamous photo of domestic terrorist and Obama pal Bill Ayers stepping on the American flag begain spreading throughout the internet:
One day, on mountain bikes, after a long hard climb escaping Lijiang’s city limits, on reaching dirt paths around Lashi Lake–and even there, after crossing giant highway construction–we reached peace, lake, horses, corn fields, big birds (could it be the rare white-necked Tibetan crane?!?).
The killers who were armed with a panga and a knife then severely beat Mr. Schoeman's 65 year old wife Güdryn before driving her to an ATM about 5 km outside of town where they forced her to withdraw cash. The killers then rolled the car and fled.
The Nokia 808 Pure View shoots full 1080p HD video at 30 frames per second. The video includes the same zoom feature as with taking a normal photograph allowing zooming whilst keeping the same quality. It is also possible for the video camera to be paired with Nokia’s Dolby headphone technology that changes sound into surround sound. This means it is great for making short films and the possibilities are endless for a film-maker. Nokia also promises ‘CD quality’ sound recording which adds for professional sounding video. Check out the video below explaining how it all works.
Everywhere in the Alhambra you see the mingling of art and religion. The two are so closely intertwined as to be inseparable. In the Salon de Comares, the room's domed ceiling contains more than 8000 pieces of cedar in a pattern of stars that represent the seven heavens of Islam. It also represents the complexity of Allahs infinite universe.
When everyone has taken a step, the wolf turns his or her back to the other children again and the children cry out the same question. It keeps going this way until the wolf finally says “dinner time!” The wolf turns around and chases the children. The children have to run back to the start line. If they make it to the start line, they are safe. The wolf has to try and catch at least one person to become the next wolf.
in a dark room
On this day when people remember the death of Jesus Christ, may you come to know God’s saving power, and His gracious love.
and I shall endeavour to be a more frequent visitor to my own
10. Les Is More
"We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light."
By 1916 Sophie had become bored with her act, so she gave it a major goose by forming a back-up band, which she called the “Kings of Syncopation”. Calling herself “the Queen of Jazz”, she started emulating many of the African American acts she had seen in night clubs. By now she had long since lost the blackface. She recorded record albums with this combo and got rave reviews all over the country. In Chicago they were so popular, they played 15 weeks at the Palace, then played all the other theatres in town, then returned to the Palace. Unfortunately the boys started getting a little cocky and requested pay a little more in line with her own. They were summarily canned.
Those who smirked at the first dungeon mix will like this.
Owen Jones has written an article here:
The "Ace" song "How Long...Has This Been Going On?" was stuck in my head as I rolled through the Fort Greene night. (to really enjoy this post, jump to the bottom and hit play, then read on...)
Home. My home is with my parents. Wherever they are, that is my home. They are my homebase.
With that said: here’s a list of stupid activities that dumb people can force their children into!
pike faced, algae flushed
At the end, I did the foreground and background of this piece with no hesitation and no fear in only a few hours. When I found the background and foreground to be dull, I applied a glaze, a thin transparent gold wash, with confidence, and the result was immediate.
Tickets are $20 per person and can be purchased at The Palms Restaurant on 36 Strongs Ave., Café Terra at 67 Center St., Body Gears at 112 Woodstock Ave., Center Street Alley Bar on Center Street and the Wooden Barrel at 231 Chittenden Rd. Tickets are limited.
Linen Kitchen Towels
As you are reading this, we are in the middle of moving furniture, or cleaning our old apartment, or unpacking in the new one. Today is moving day, but I couldn't let my monthly Fry posts slide.
And then, I ran, and I ran, and I ran, from my mind,
Today is the day that I stop worrying about what others think.
“Bhaiya bus stand chaloge?..Muzaffarpur jaana hai”
When Irish hearts are happy
Again pretty much what the name implies, provides coverages’ for the repair or replacement of your insured auto, in the event of a collision. A deductible usually also applies to collision coverage.
heat as one
If consensus is reached it will be the latest in a series of bold decisions taken by the AU.
Esther 6:1 On that night could not the king sleep, and he commanded to bring the book of records of the chronicles; and they were read before the king.
The Belford Dolphin contract will commence January 1st 2012 in direct continuation of its existing contract with Anadarko which had previously been scheduled to continue to April 2013. The value for the Belford Dolphin contract is approximately $701 million.
In the pamphlet, the DA is portrayed as a racist party, claiming that the DA wants to bring back the days of 'permits', in order to fight the 'Swart Gevaar'. The pamphlet ends with the words 'Warning: Do not show this pamphlet to your maids and garden boys ... we need their votes'.
but says "every day's independence day"
We hot glued the features on our sock with a low-temperature (but still very hot) glue gun.
to win an Academy Award (for Skippy, starring his nephew Jackie Cooper)
"I am not so afraid of the dark knight
A few years ago we were in the South of France for that special day.
My man of the match yesterday would be Nani, with Welbeck closely behind.
After subsequent sweat, blood and sputum tests and a CT scan, the diagnosis of bronchiectasis was confirmed. Green Lane Imaging's 17th September 1999 report on my CT Scan concluded:
I also cleaned out the top of my closet which was normally where I kept things for storage, so the majority of that went right into a box. This left a lot of room open for me to put large things I didn't know if I would be coming back for or not, and if not, it too would be put into a box for actual storage.
at 11 a.m.
In 1852 he took a position as consul to Trieste, Italy (then a part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire).
The delightful Kellie from Accordion to Kellie is hosting her second annual Literary Heroine Blog Party! from February 16-28th. If you love to read about the wonderful heroines of literature this is the place to visit and while you are there you will see the Mulberry Muse scrumptious giveaway.
Somehow along the way, Butterfinger crumbs made their way from sticky fingers
1 feed
"The prince would retain all his rights and the monarchy would remain in place," Paul Vogt, a committee member, explained in the local press.
For the glasses I've used Ranger Stickles.
Attempts to contact Mr Callaghan, Mr Evans and Mr Rich were unsuccessful yesterday.
What do you all think? Is this something you struggle with? Why is it so hard to have a positive body image?
The attack started at about 5.45 pm and did not cease untill about 6.30 pm, eyewitnesses said.
SO I'VE DECIDED TO WRITE ONE MORE POST AFTER THIS ONE. THE EXPERIENCE RELAYED IN THAT POST IS ONE THAT I HOPE WILL ILLUSTRATE MANY OF THE POINTS RAISED ABOVE.
and a shovel, a piano, five boots
She holds in her lap a large round tray
next Monday ... June 13!
But hey, I bet you that Denny’s still has ELO and Queen on their jukebox and maybe an old token somewhere in the floor boards.
It was a short lived foray into all things Batman. Perhaps more Bridget Jones.
1t baking soda
The end result is a book that's entertaining and worth reading if you're a Batman or Catwoman fan--especially as the characters were portrayed in the 1980s and 1990s. However, it's not a "classic," so, despite the upscale and long-lasting format it was originally presented in, I doubt it's easy to find a decade after its publication. Should you come across this two-issue series at a flea-market, comic book convention, or on eBay, I recommend grabbing your copies.
SB: That’s correct.
half the sailors are longing for their wives;
So, no, I am not skinny. And my thighs? They’re going to touch — and squish and sag — until the day I die. And I’m OK with that. Skinny is not my goal. Strong is my goal; healthy is my goal. Ultimately, happy is my goal.
that is here at this moment and is me
No Expiration Date is as about as straight-up rock 'n roll you're likely to lay your hands on these days. The Forty Nineteens have put roots down in a muscular foundation of bar-rock, with a hint of Americana and Southern boogie. A familiar formula, true, but it takes just the right songs to be brought to the table, and this Temecula, CA four-pack has bellied up to the bar with plenty, including the fervent rave-up "Truckers Song," the rumbling "Turn It Around," and what is likely my pick for the album, "Out of Time's" flirtatious jangle pop. You can sample two songs from the link below, and I've also tacked on a Leonards song as a taster for what will be coming down the pike very soon. No Expiration Date is available from CD Baby and iTunes.
Bob Slayer was last seen tethered to a goat being put in the back of a van, smelling like he has been liberally greased in goose-fat.
As you noted in your area, smaller towns are usually hit bad by hard economic times or times when resources as scarce, the smaller the town and the further it is from main populations the worse it gets. People lose their farms, their jobs, younger folk move to the city looking for jobs, the cost of transportation takes a toll on more distant communities and closer ones that end up being cheaper to transport back and forth from are preferred.
Our daughter has already named two of the chickens. We have Goldilocks, a RIR with a yellow head, and Aurora, our Welsummer, “because she has the eyeliner, and we KNOW she’s a girl and we won’t have to eat her.” Goldilocks has a backup name…The Big Bad Wolf, just in case she turns out to be a he, our 4 1/2 yr old daughter said it would be okay to eat him if he has a bad-guy name.
This is not true because I have any special skills in the area, but because it matters to me. Creating a net, a safety net, of women that I love and respect seems almost as important as nurturing my family. It adds oxygen and vitality and nutrients into my life. And I don't feel like I am speaking metaphorically here. I really really mean it.
‘Heartbreaking and beautiful’ – Kate Birch on my story No one will know.
Cricut Cartridge- Paper Doll Dress Up;
Today is the Serapeia, reckoned on several Roman calendars from late antiquity on this particular date yearly. No doubt, Hadrian’s Serapeum in Rome would have had a major festival on this date, if not many others throughout the year.
I really wanted to find a wreath for the front door this year and when I couldn't find what I was looking for I decided to make my own.
So today, on a whim I decided to make one myself. I wanted it to be personal, something that means 'something' to our family (OK well Dave & I actually). You can read about the destinations further into this post:)
The Government is not the root of the illness, its infection of dysfunction is the symptom. Through the years, our governmental systems, our politicians, and the office of the Presidency is held hostage to big money- rich special interest- corporate bought system. Pay to Play is the norm. They are caught in this system with no way out until the 99%ers apply the pressure needed to change the process.
plan are for participants to keep.
That is a tough question! I am inspired by a lot of people and things!
For general magazine submissions the following is a rough guide. This is in addition to the open competitions.
Knowing a little about Astrology, one might expect two people born on the same day to be similar in personality and have similar lots in life. That’s because all of the planets are in very nearly the same degree of the same signs between the two people. Yet, in both cases I’ve now studied, that’s not the case… at all. In fact, in one of my two examples, some aspects of life are exactly opposite one person to the next. And to see how it plays out in a chart is fascinating.
Thank you for your time and consideration
The AATT report listed all the concessionaires and the amount of monies owed as of January 2012.
Erase expressions like “later”, “some other time” and “not now” from your vocabulary.
In Stockholm, roads are a public space and there is a hierarchy of how they’re used. Pedestrians rule. Anyone not travelling by foot must always be aware of those who are. It is your responsibility to not to adversely interact with them.
Finding that hard to believe? Then consider the evidence:
- its sturdy and no need batteries
STO: How and why did Grayceon form?
Cherishing what we have from above
Unfair advantage? That’s a straight win!
For about two minutes, there are hints of a budding romance between Jonas and a woman named Zenna. Since she is only marginally involved in the story, the romance subplot means very little. Perhaps even less so considering Jonas is not a character who has reached out and grabbed the audience yet. He has not grabbed me, at least. He is steal talking about that freaking bomb his people built. But at least he has stopped talking about Daniel’s sacrifice.
I grew up in Canada, whose entire population, (about 30 million), is that of New York State — only ten percent of the U.S. Social, educational and professional circles are smaller and tighter and lies usually easier to detect. The best universities number no more than five, so soi-disant backstories are harder to create from whole cloth when a few phone calls or mouse clicks can reveal the truth.
3rd place – Joe McKeag
“If we pay you that little, GB, I’m worried you might be poached by one of our rivals,” said the hard-headed Scotsman.
So now its last-minute packing which I hate. I am so indecisive when it comes to packing for a holiday. So many ‘just in case’ clothes go in the suitcase and yet I know that I will tend to stick to wearing a few favourites. I really wish I could travel lightly but that is a skill that has passed me by!
Until just a month or ago the little rocker sat bundled in our attic. I thought of it when the Abundant Genealogy theme was Family Heirlooms. Though it sits idle for the time being, with a grandbaby coming along it won't be too long till a little one will enjoy the rocker once again.
First, on a Tuesday night (and yes, it needs to be on a Tuesday night) you take a herb called Bitter Broom (or, as my fellow Latinos and Latinas would call it, “Escoba Amarga,” which is Spanish for “Bitter Broom”). You take a bunch of it, and put it in a pot as you would cook some pasta. Turn the flame high to boil it, then set it to a low flame to simmer. Do this for twenty minutes.
So he’s turned them in – for which he got pelted with eggs and yoghurt in the traditional Greek manner. (Amazingly – considering their disability – very few taxpayers missed).
After her partner slash lover rescues an electrocuted victim he hops in a rescue helicopter with Rabbit, a rebel medic who doesn’t play by the rules. While taking off they have a ridiculous encounter with another helicopter and fly crashing and burning to the ground. Along with FlashForward’s pilot, this fall season isn’t shaping up as a good one for helicopter safety.
Turns out only the salmon fillets were pink. A kind of golden-brown pink, once they were cooked and drizzled with a cherry vinaigrette. A big blob of just-sitting-there.
- suitable for travelling as its light-weight
Oh, just you wait and see.
I greased some ramekins and poured the batter into those. I got 6 normal cupcakes and 4 ramekin puds.
And if you don't like the ones floating around the auction houses, you can also commission him to do your own cover. I'd have 'Don't Become An Author' on mine.
So Jenna decides that she wants to be there for Mia when Mia needs a mother the most so she was inspired to make Milestone tapes so that when Mia needs her she can listen to her. She wants Mia to know that she is with her every step of the way ie graduation, marriage etc.
So, every day, the dynamic of capitalism is that it's producing profits, or if you prefer, inequality. (Digression, it's always easier to imagine capitalism in terms of shops, or small businesses making calling cards or something but this isn't where or how the major inequality occurs. The figure cited by Owen Jones and derived from the Sunday Times Rich List is £414 billion since the Lehman Bros went bust. That's not £414 billion owned and shared out between corner shop owners! This is owned by the top thousand wealth-owners, the owners of massive multi-national companies.)
7. Spoonful (Dixon) 11:49
And I just placed my order for this beautiful limited edition pendant on a 22-inch ball chain, hand-made by the ever-so-talented Dale McLain. She has designed the Official Paper Cowgirl Logo since its beginning three years ago. I think this year's logo is awesome. I decided to get the limited edition pendant (instead of the canvas tote bag on the Cafe Press site--not that it was easy to pass that up) from Dale's Etsy shop. Get yours before she sells out. I can't wait for mine to arrive.
with the gift of your left life?
When I was a kid this poster used to hang over the fireplace in our living room. This would be in '76 or '77 and a few years before I read the Hobbit, let alone LotRs. I was fascinated by it especially the smaller background details and the Mordor Orcs that are crawling around the edges. For me this is what Orcs always look like. Not the barbaric green hulks of World of Warcraft, or the Pig Faced Orcs of AD&D, but these slightly shabby, very human looking, slightly comical, but still somehow nasty and intimidating fellows. Same with Gandalf and the Hobbits.
Of course, you will see exceptions to these rules. Inconsiderate tools abound — you can’t escape them, but don’t be one of them!
Oh yeah just feel my heart (so beast)
Which is why reading Throne of the Crescent Moon felt like visiting another planet, with its strangely isolated women who never talk to each other. As a helpful guide, these are the areas where it felt particularly jarring:
Beautiful, Spacious, Nice Weather – 4 seasons but very mild.
Can true love survive the end of the world?
I love discovering the hidden depths of my characters and the deeper meaning behind my stories. I love exploring themes and plot threads in more detail. I love adding layers that make the story richer and more complex.
not say 'Boo' (but woo!) when the answer to a riddle
We also sewed pajama pants. Liv made her own. I made her model them for Julie today and I snapped a picture...She has her eyes closed but you get the idea!
Dear Friends,
Collect and Share Smurfs with GoldRun
Other bonus mile offers from American:
Well, it means that Melchizedek was a foreshadowing of Jesus Christ. It does not mean that he was Jesus Christ, as some like to argue, but that in certain ways he is a pre-Christ picture of who Christ is. First, Melchizedek is not introduced with a genealogy showing how he meets the legal requirements to be a priest. He is not a descendant of the tribe of Levi, which the Mosaic Law requires for priesthood. In this way, Jesus Christ is like Melchizedek. Christ is not a descendant of the tribe of Levi. He is from the line of Judah. Christ’s priesthood transcends the Law, as does Melchizedek’s.
2 tsp ground allspice
1 encountering
Platelets went up. YAY!! I was so excited that my platelets finally came back up that I celebrated by washing my hair for the first time in over a week. I still couldn't sit up straight at this point, so seriously Hal and that shower chair were life savers. I could slowly feel my strength coming back. The itching was really bad this day. I tried not to scratch, but it was driving me nuts.
The PLCB should be abolished so that the current compound tax situation of an artificially imposed state "mark-up" of 30% -- a de facto tax -- plus the ludicrously outdated "Johnstown Flood Emergency Tax" could be replaced by a tax system more in line with neighboring states.
My friend Cinda who is such a blessing in my life. She is quiet and it took me a while to figure her out but it is because she is listening and waiting to talk. Most people dont do that, you know. I think everyone needs a friend who is a good listener...
ANYWAYS. We spent the most time in Madrid because I wanted to aclimate and all that before the race and then we were to Barcelona for a few days (amazing!) and to MY FAVORITE PLACE EVER EVER EVER IN THE ENTIRE WORLD EVER, aka LONDON for not nearly long enough.
If your Leadership style is based on facts and broadly views all costs in your organization landscape, then focusing on how to deliver products and services in an efficient manner will reap short-term gains and lay the foundation for long-term efficiencies. Here are some potential changes in behavior:
Caught in the middle between these two groups—between those with faith and those without it—non-Christian onlookers get pretty much all their information on what faith is from the atheist camp. As a result, they believe the lie that ‘faith’ and science are diametrically opposed, that to be faithful and reasonable at the same time is impossible, and that Christianity is all about destroying happiness. And regardless of whether or not they purchase the atheist line of thought, they certainly choose to remain in the middle, undecided. After all, if choosing faith meant becoming the kind of caricature that atheists uphold with regard to people with faith, then I wouldn’t want to be one either.
1.Boil shells or macaroni til done. Drain.
This time I thought I should jazz up the strawberries, so I made my first ever sponge cake! I used the recipe from The Joy of Cooking and at first was a little apprehensive about the addition of orange zest and juice, but you know what, it was a fabulous addition. It gave the cake more flavor and added a little zing to the strawberries.
TAKE INTO ACCOUNT THE TIME ZONES
And then you arrived at my doorstep in full meltdown mode and all I could do was pet the wounded puppy.
The park is now used by the locals and tourists, with the zoo (Bioparc), sports fields, playgrounds, concert hall, The City of Arts and Sciences, the Sea-aquarium and as a place to relax, picnic and be outside.
According t the man's young children where asleep inside the house when what appeared to have been a robbery happened. The children were not harmed.
The non card portion of the challenge this month was to give a shout out to a guy in our life. I will have to go with my Dad. He is the best!!! My goodness my brother and I put him through some stuff! He was a great provider for our family. Looking back now, he always had a dance for me to stand on his feet when he came home from work dog tired, let me take his 'restaurant' order and I would come back with some random thing from the kitchen and he would act like it was grand and eat it, would take me fishing for the day and I could eat anything I wanted and has always made me laugh. Like I said, he is the best!
Somehow April flew by without me reminding you to apply fungicide sprays to Austrian and Ponderosa pines that have had problems with Sphaeropsis tip blight in the past. I’ve also received several scotch pine samples in the office to diagnose for pine wilt nematode. While there is no cure for pine wilt, I recommend to take a 6” long, 1-2” diameter sample of a dead branch to your local Extension office for diagnosis before cutting down the tree. Pine wilt affects Austrian (long needles groups of 2) and Scotch pines (short needles in groups of 2) as they are non-native trees while the nematode is native. Since ponderosa pines (long needles in groups of 2 and 3) are native to Nebraska, they don’t seem to be affected by pine wilt nematode.
We are halfway through the month. Have you started on your mini-book entry for May's challenge and Bo Bunny's giveaway here on D's Paper Studio? Get the details on the CLICK!
At the beginning of the war between Spain and America, Americans and Filipinos had been allies against Spain in all but name; now Spanish and Americans were in a partnership that excluded the Filipino insurgents. Fighting between American and Filipino troops almost broke out as the former moved in to dislodge the latter from strategic positions around Manila on the eve of the attack. Aguinaldo had been told bluntly by the Americans that his army could not participate and would be fired upon if it crossed into the city. The insurgents were infuriated at being denied triumphant entry into their own capital, but Aguinaldo bided his time. Relations continued to deteriorate, however, as it became clear to Filipinos that the Americans were in the islands to stay.
It was hard to turn the car round in the estate as the pavements were straddled on both sides by cheap Japanese and French cars in a cluttered contrast to the wide open streets I owned in the pictures in my mind.
Happy Friday!!
Not surprisingly, Victor Dzau was named a “Distinguished Scientist” by the American Heart Association and was the recipient of the 2004 Max Delbruck Medal, Berlin, Germany. Max Delbruck, by the way, was a German biophysicist who promoted the idea that living systems (including humans) are nothing more than biochemical robots, and his work on molecular genetics was, in many ways, ground-laying work for modern-day genetic engineering (GMOs).
The Good, the Bad and the Queen
The kiddos went back to school today. While they're not mine, and they're both boys, I heard this poem on the radio today and it was very touching! I was so ready to see them back to school to restore some peacefulness and relaxation in my day, but when the baby was napping it was so quiet I didn't know what to do with myself! Hope all of you parents survived the first day back to school, and all of you teachers survived with your sanity still intact!
The crowd applauded, ‘Okay we’re gonna take a break but after that its desserts time and I’ll teach you how to make a soufflé.’ He turned to camera two. ‘Soufflé her, I hardly know her.’
Volunteers listen to an activist during a petition drive training session in Cairo. At that point, the group had gathered nearly a million signatures.
Minogue
My heart truly goes out not only the people who are new to sobriety but to those who are in constant battle with their addiction everyday...and truly struggling. Everyone has their way of dealing with their addiction. I touch on this today because I have had friends who are either themselves or know of someone facing this challenge during this holiday season and/or on a daily basis and have come to me for advice or need someone to listen...really listen.
Pretty cool but, the question I have is how they determine what the alpha acid of the new pellet hops are after the conversion. In any case, this is a nice rig and for those that love machinery, especially machinery that has to do with brewing beer it's an amazing rig. I hope you enjoy the pictures.
Please note, I did *not* do this. I never touched him, guv.
I find it hard to eat salads regularly in the winter time, warm gratins and hearty stews are much more appealing on cold nights than a bowl of leafy greens. But when you combine roasted winter squash and spicy toasted pumpkin seeds on a bed of wild arugula, the result is a beautiful and hearty salad that begs to be eaten all winter long.
A little later I popped into a supermarket to buy mooncake (flaky pastries eaten at the mid-Autumn festival), then managed another Chinese conversation with a man selling spicy skewers and big flat bread. The general gist was that he didn’t have a “nu pangyou” (girlfriend) and I was “piao liang” (beautiful), and oh yes, did I want my skewer “la” (spicy).
In my life time I have seen weight tip the scale both ways though now I see a war breaking out between the two. I see skinny girls looking at volumptuous woman and calling them terrible word (fat, unhealthy, lazy, jealous). On the other side of this these volumptuous women are calling skinny women, naturally skinny women (bones, anorexic, sticks, ugly). I see it both ways. A battle between what is "Real", what is true or should be true.
And once you’re gone,
thanks Mel for all your love and inspiration .. mwah xox
Why Do YOU Need a Synchronized Clock?
“Guys my age are idiots,” she says, turning around. “Guys my age are awful.”
Now that we’ve finally made it out of Africa and on to Asia, I’m a much happier camper.
Whole bunch of things happening around here so I thought I'd fill you in. apart from waiting for Disability SA to ring me back, after two phone calls from the WRONG person... *insert rolleye here*
Why are the same posts being re-written over and over again. It's all been said before. And would people just stop freaking tweeting about their books and promoting themselves non-stop?! I want to stab everyone with a fork. My online world sounds like blah blah blah white noise.
"Mitchell frequently appeared on television: a small, handsome man with a direct, pugnacious manner, speaking the robust, unminced words that the British had not heard from their army officers since the acceleration of the Imperial decline had begun nearly two decades before. Newspapers took him up as a popular hero, proudly bestowing upon him the sobriquet of 'Mad Mitch'.”
I sprayed it again and was in the fragrant garden of roses in the brilliant sun and blue sky.
Life has been fairly busy recently, but good. Lots of work, as always, but more so than usual. We are all supposed to work one Saturday a month during the summer, but somehow, I got stuck with 3 in a row. On the plus side, I was able to get a lot of work done. And that's over - I have today, this Saturday off! I do have one more to go - the first Saturday of September, but that's it. From there on out, no more Saturdays!
How did you decide to go to Duquesne for Organ?
We are so fearful of being seen as politically incorrect, that the basis premise of advanced life on this planet is forgotten.
Our boys love exploring the Joshua Project website. It’s an interactive site where you can locate demographics for the unreached people groups in the world. We have a link to it on their computers so they can explore it when they have free time (they know they can’t leave the site).
A quote from Marianne Williamson sums up what I believe about blogging, "Personal transformation can and does have global effects. As we go, so goes the world, for the world is us. The revolution that will save the world is ultimately a personal one."
Initiative 84, a proposed constitutional amendment that would require lenders to prove ownership of property before foreclosing on it, has passed another hurdle in its move toward legalization. On Friday, proponents and opponents met before the state title board to discuss its language, which made it through relatively unchanged. The next step, however, might prove the hardest.
It would be interesting to see the appraisals of real estate that determine that the remaining value is minimal. It’s unclear that the value of the real estate has been fully optimized, given that later in the document, Hultin and Matthews acknowledged, “We will consider proposals from NYU that augment the value of our development (air) rights.”
To be on the safe side, the judge considered and then rejected the request for a declaration, which was based on contracts with the defendant for the commissioning of designs. He also rejected the argument that there was a commission in equity which was a sufficient basis on which the court could grant a declaration in relation to any designs made by the defendant before the commission and in relation to any Community design right. According to the court, the burden of establishing that a product was designed and made under the terms a commission was on the party asserting a that such a commission existed: the mere fact that a product had to be designed before it could be made was not sufficient evidence to satisfy that burden.
The only reason I use cloth diapers is because someone smarter (and no doubt more ambitious) than me invented “hybrid” diapers that allow me to flush the poo away instead of actually cleaning it up. Otherwise? Ew! No! I wouldn’t deal with that mess!
I've been collecting together the poetry I've written over the past few years, selecting the the stuff I'm reasonably pleased with and weeding out the rest. I've put it all together on a page, here for anyone who'd like to read it. There's a link to it, too, below the blog header, above.
There is still a LOOOONNNNGGG way to go before I reach my weight loss goal. But I am going to stick to it and see it through. I’ve worked too hard to give up now. Long day ahead. Holla at ya lata!
'Lose the Rosaries girls'
my journaling reads
I didn’t care that car’s were pulling in and out around me, as soon as the appointment was done and I got back to the truck… I cried, uncontrolled.
I believe I already know all of Stephen Williams's answers to any of the questions that will be posed. I know precisely what he will argue because he has already argued for it in Parliament, and the script that he is reading from has not been written by himself. He is merely an actor playing his part. I do not believe Williams is capable of thinking up anything new or original on this subject. Perhaps he will surprise me, but I wholly doubt it.
…and then we did what any parents would do, we packed up 8 children 11:30 at night, woke our neighbor to ask to take care of the dogs, filled up the car, downed a rock-star, and a 5 hour energy thinger each (can I just say EWWWW…and Oie’ we are NOT as young as we used to be)….and drove the 4 ½ hours to Boise in the middle of the night.
Hope you enjoyed the card! Thanks so much for visiting my blog!
OG 26 Plato
This giveaway will end on Wednesday, April 11th at 11:59pm PST.
No one ever asked me if I truly loved Andrew.
Paul had been a believer and an apostle for nearly 30 years and his experience in Christ gave him unbounded confidence. Wouldn’t you think they would heed his advice? I have been saved for over 60 years and have over 45 years in the ministry of grace. Shouldn’t people believe me? But they don’t. As one man told me, “Let me make my own mistakes.”
What Jenro and his cousin had in common was their same faith-roots, and they had almost agreed about everything concerning faith. They were both from a Christian family, and Jenro always liked talking to his cousin.
Principles of Personal Defense by Jeff Cooper (very good)
I always knew I wanted to be an artist. I was lucky enough to have semi-private art lessons where we mostly used water colors and painted still lifes. Until I was in college, I only painted when I HAD to - I was scared of using color and especially afraid of acrylics which I thought of as “plastics pretending to be paint"!
This tunic pattern, "Vogue 7858," was half-price the day I ordered patterns, and I thought it looked intriguing, perhaps as a light-weight over-blouse for summer air conditioning. This turned out to be one of those cases where Vogue's drawing doesn't match the pattern. The side front horizontal seam doesn't sit at the bust, as the drawing shows, but well under the bust, giving quite a different garment shape. A quick look at the multi-size tissue pattern also revealed that the sizes were not graded--larger sizes were simply wider than smaller sizes.
When purchasing a puppy in breeds where hip dysplasia is common, a new owner should ask if any warranty for genetic problems is provided by the breeder. Some breeders will give a refund or replacement of a severely affected dog. Sometimes a breeder will require a dog to be returned. Returning a dog is usually not an option for an owner who has already developed a strong emotional attachment.
On Friday, Matt's Mom was here and we left to go get pizza. Brent was told to let Daddy rest so his owie could get better. When we walked in the door, Matt was standing there waiting for us and Brent dissolved into tears of frustration. I had no idea what his issue was, but Matt's Mom figured out it was because he expected that if we let Daddy rest, his owie would be gone. Oops.
Let's just say the comparison was not flattering. Contrasted with Wurts' prose, my writing looks bland, emotionless, clunky and overall just bad. I'm now fighting the urge to de-publish and completely rewrite the cussed thing. I *know* I can do better.
Our second-born
Welcome back to square one.
It's like learning to fly
It’s a comfortable house, familiar, roomy … a little beat up after five years with small children and dogs, but nothing that can’t be fixed up pretty easily. But a house is not a home. I now live in a small two bedroom apartment nearby. I looked for three days, saw three places, picked the third one. I wasn’t picky. It was pretty cheap, had some decent amenities and was within a 15 minute drive to the house. It’s cramped, especially when my sons come over to spend the night. The A/C isn’t working well and there’s a rattling sound they can’t/won’t fix in the air vents. But it’s a place of my own, where I can sort my thoughts out and feel myself in my new role – single man – not failed husband of cheating wife.
Leapbeer #133 is Urthel Hop-It from Belgium
Let's call the whole thing off.
Explain briefly what attachments you're enclosing with your complaint: copies of cancelled checks, an agency contract, correspondence via email or snail mail, etc.
Patrice was always so honest, his raw feed almost superseded his comedy cause he was so generous with his own source material. this conversation about an audition with O&A and Chris Rock has so much to offer on acting and apathy and comedy and being a professional.
Take care of him
An interesting take on Al Gore during one of the debates.
The neocons started the Iraq war. Now that is as “foreign policy” as you can get. Why did Bolton’s United Nations “take a pass” on attacking Iraq? Did the United Nations think the attack on Iraq was confused, incoherent, incompetent and ILLEGAL?
Head to my feet (yeah)
OK, I'm out and I'm going to start reading Pynchon's "Against The Day" for the third time. I'm hoping the isolation and oddness of Sweden will allow me time to actually get this damn book read. We'll see. Or read. What the fuck ever, you get it, ya?
1394 **D-IX/2/2001. “Mortality and Politics: On Jane Austen, Saul Bellow, Gustave Courbet, and Flannery O’Connor.” Panel, Claremont Institute for the Study of Statesmanship, Annual Convention, American Political Science Association, San Francisco, California. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(6), above, pp. 509-15.)
Time Zone: -5.0 (summer); -3.0 (winter)
i) They can now control lust for bloods and drink wine instead.
All that I no longer believe
there must be markers of excitement, but
Ink: SU Markers, Riding Hood Red, Regal Rose, Always Artichoke
And do I really have to tell you about the two offenses? If the answer is yes…well…time to get out from under your rock.
I’m no scotch connoisseur, but I will say that I found the first shot a bit rough, especially since I am still recovering from a cold. We also sampled roasted potato and smoked salmon, chicken mango salsa, rustic potato and goat cheese, and seared fillet. I especially enjoyed the chicken mango salsa. Steven and I took a rather amusing picture with the whiskey bottles in the photo area, and then we moved on to the main room.
Joining Marty for Tabletop Tuesday
I'm currently petsitting for a couple of little yippy dogs. I call them Zippy and Humpy, for reasons I won't go into here. Their owner was amazed when I told her they are sitting quietly-evidently they seldom sit still for her. Often people tell me their dogs are so calm when they come back. My theory is that I bore them into a coma, as I spend lots of petsitting time on the computer or watching TV.
CISPA would "waive every single privacy law ever enacted in the name of cybersecurity," said Rep. Jared Polis, a Colorado Democrat, during today's marathon floor debate. "Allowing the military and NSA to spy on Americans on American soil goes against every principle this country was founded on."
He had been talking with His disciples as He led them out, and then He lifted up His hands and blessed them : and while He was blessing them He was parted from them and received up into heaven.
George Pal/Byron Haskin’s The War of the Worlds
CRIME fears are keeping football fans away from the World Cup.
The head of design at ELLA is Katrin Maria Karadottir, who is also an adjunct professor at the Iceland Academy of The Arts. She has a degree in tailoring from Iceland and studied design at Studio Bercot in Paris. After finishing her studies in Paris she was an assistant to Anja Vang Kragh at John Galliano and Christian Dior.
5) Push (A stricter eating plan)
See, we are really trying to get our finances under control after all the health issues we had last year. Rebuild our savings, pay off the credit card (whoops), etc. It would be much easier if we didn’t have three weddings – two of which I’m an integral part of – and a new dog. Trust me, I am not complaining, I’m blessed to be a part of this important day for two people I care deeply for. And the new dog is adorable to watch. I’m just saying, it’s hard to save money when you want to spend extra money on fun stuff. Saving money is not fun. But sparkly things (and things that go ruff! ruff!) are definitely fun.
Mahalo Kauai, Mahalo!
Now, the room is much better. We recently painted it from a beige to this green I had custom mixed to match our new Marimekko bedding from Crate and Barrel. This color green is my new "signature" color. It is fresh and energizing.
I knew next to nothing about "Twilight" or whatever the thing is called until I read this article. I knew enough, though, from an undesired glance at a movie poster at Wal-Mart that it was of the devil. Later I heard it briefly preached against in a young adults Sunday School class. To me, it was unthinkable that the issue would even have to come up. "You mean, independent Baptist believers are watching this garbage?" was my thought. The greatest shock of all came when I was talking with the daughter of a pastor. She spoke of how much she loved watching these movies. I did not want to believe that this pastor would allow such evil into his home! This girl is so precious to me; it tore my heart out to hear her idolize the vampire demon that every lost girl is lusting after. I made it clear to her that I believed it was something a child of God should not watch... but now I could weep that I did not speak against it more strongly, that I did not seek to show her the truth and help her out of the pit she is in. I believe that when a girl watches this -- whether she are lost or saved makes no difference -- she becomes bound by the lust and demonic power of it. I plead with God that He would show me a way to help her find the truth.
Kosher salt
I'm loving that we are going to the beach this summer with The Husband's family again!
**One "guy" per location.
I can’t go on. I see… but I am in a room full of blind people eating fortune cookies and I am trying to describe the color red… as in red alert!
Share 7 Facts about yourself….
Oh, and elsewhere Regina was hesitant to get serious with Patrick when she realized he didn’t have the first clue about how to date a single mother (not meeting Daphne without permission, inability to run off for impulsive getaways, etc…). But he showed up at the Buckner-Carlton game, so clearly he’s willing to learn. Kathryn met with book editor Rya Bellows (played by guest star Shelley Long) who told her that without Regina’s side of the story, her book is too much of a risk.
Oh! I know that my life's been a failure
NEAR: This is in the Long Reach Village Center in central Columbia. Chick N' Friends faces the central courtyard, so you can't see it from the parking lot. Easy access off Rte 175 -- just go north on Tamar Drive and look for the village center on the right. Or from Snowden River Parkway -- just go west on Tamar Drive and look for the village center on the left. Or from Dobbin Road -- turn north (away from Target) onto Old Dobbin Road and then turn left on Tamar after you pass the high school.
c) 20% increased risk
The wear on this lipstick is about 3 hours. If you are a lip licker, it may be shorter. The smoothness of Pago Pago allows for more slip and less staying power. You will be left with remaining shimmer. However the shimmer particles are not gritty on your lips, which is a plus.
There are still two chairs, so I don't feel rushed to find something. I really have had no desire to go furniture shopping, even though I have known for at least a month that I needed to. For now we will live with a nearly empty room. One of these days I will get my decorating mojo back and then it will be fun.
free (state services)/taxpayers’ money
Please. I enjoy wordplay, probably too much, but there is nothing of play in headlines like these; they're just a formula, and quickly tire one to the bone.
1. Put the pork, veal, beef, lamb, and chicken into a large pot. Add the water and bring it to a boil slowly. Simmer until meat is tender enough to fall off the bones, about 4—6 hours.
He also wrote books, about David Merrick, Stella Adler’s teachings, and Noel Coward, and was a frequent speaker or panelist on arts subjects. He also briefly taught Musical Theatre History at Marymount Manhattan College. Even more briefly, but delightfully, he played the protagonist’s manager in Woody Allen’s Stardust Memories. Wherever he went, his shock of wavy silver hair was a cynosure, if not indeed a rallying point.
Metrazol had been used in convulsive therapy, but was never considered to be effective, and side effects such as seizures were difficult to avoid. The medical records of several patients who were confined at Vermont State Hospital, a public mental facility, reveal that Metrazol was administered to them by CIA contractor Dr. Robert Hyde on numerous occasions in order “to address overly aggressive behavior.” One of these patients, Karen Wetmore, received the drug on a number of occasions for no discernible medical reason. During the same ten-year period in which Metrazol was used by the Vermont State Hospital, patient deaths skyrocketed. In 1982, the FDA revoked its approval of Metrazol.
There are a lot of fun things going on in conjunction with this book's release. First off, enter to win a full-sized puppet stage and puppets, value of $290 by participating in Carolyn’s blog tour giveaway. Check out her website or blog for more details.
I understand all the .. perhaps “rebranding” that subway wants to do. But I never really considered subway to be part of the “healthy” category.
Myrnin pumping a sawed-off shotgun ‘with unsettling enthusiasm’ and calling “Let’s go hunting, shall we?”
With a corn-cob pipe and a carry-on
Sue :o)
CATPEOPLE: humans who behave in a catlike manner. (Cat People, Batman Returns, Catwoman)
It was also a small task to get out of my pan, even though i sprayed it as recommended. I don't have a bundt pan so hoped the rose cake pan i had would work. Luckily, it cooperated! Proves just about anything can be veganized. If only souffles and macaroons (French not coconut) can be too....
Apr 9
“Women,” Kenny grumbled. “And this goddamned Syber chase.”
Thanks so much for all your kind comments about my Advent Calendar Tree! It really was so fun to make, and I was excited to hear some of you plan to make your own. Please send me pics...I'd love to see your version!
In Everything Give Thanks
But when Blackfriars opens its doors to the public to hear Dr Cruddas, this becomes a different matter. The invitation, although not an awards ceremony, nevertheless takes on the air of an accolade. Out of politeness it is unlikely that Dr Cruddas will be asked serious (however awkward) questions. Instead it is most likely he will leave Blackfriars with a sense of vindication, confirmed in his erroneous position by our silence and misplaced courtesy. Is it inconceivable that he or his supporters may say that he was honoured by an invitation to Blackfriars, where he set forth his positions in a well-received and unchallenged lecture, etc? The false impression given then is that Dr Cruddas truly is what he calls himself: a ‘practising Catholic’. And it is the Catholic in the pew who will suffer - either by being misled into error, or by the scandal this will cause.
I’m a big fan of the Yule festival outfit sets, even though they bring top hats into a world where I, completely uneducated costume commentator, would find it odd to see a top hat. (“I say, Frodo. Pass the monocle so I can get a better look at this ring business.”) I’m certainly fond of scarves and Yule cloaks. I’ve waxed poetic about the lovely Frostbluff Robe/Dress of Thanks.
It is further claimed that the issue of the respondent Secretary’s alleged grave abuse of discretion in granting Timber License Agreements (TLAs) to cover more areas for logging than what is available involves a judicial question.
With a sharp knife, cut the baklava lengthwise into thirds, cutting all the way to the bottom of the pan, holding the top layers of phyllo in place with your fingers. Next, cut diagonally from one corner to an-other. Continue making diagonal cuts about 2 inches apart to create 2x3-inch diamonds. Bake until deep golden brown, 40 to 50 minutes. Let rest for at least 15 to 20 minutes.
1 folded
7am: You’re Darn Tootin’
I caved--I joined Bonnie's Orca Bay mystery. I didn't really NEED another new project but I love Bonnie Hunter's quilts and I didn't do last year's mystery but wished I had. Besides, I always seem to actually get things done quicker when I'm doings mystery. It must be the anticipation of awaiting the next step or something....
In addition to improved CAG and Meat and Dairy crosses, the Project is also developing a 3-way breed that combines 2 meat goats – CAGs and Boer – with a Dairy Goat – Alpine: 25% CAG, 25% Boer; 50% Alpine.
Any black man who did not agree with the ANC on this was “under the influence of capitalists”, he said.
For days, I entertained the thought. I called skydive shops and compared prices. (Because clearly, price is a very important factor when risking your life jumping out of a perfectly good plane). I tried to get others to go with me. One morning, I finally worked up the nerve to book my trip, and then found out that they weren’t skydiving that day because the trade winds were too bad.
The rain actually may have been an advantage as it kept the crowds down which meant lines to the attractions were not very long. Susan and I had attended the World's Fair in Knoxville, Tennessee in 1982 and it was a much different story there--big crowds and long lines. That visit had been the day after we had gotten married. We wanted to see the World's Fair that was so close to my Tennessee home and we knew that this would be our only chance to visit since we were going to be on the road with the show all year. One day at the World's Fair--two World's Fairs --was all we got, but at least we got to go.
Plus, Walden Pond Press has shared an audio excerpt to get you even more excited:
Tack on the time zones, and it is certainly difficult to arrange visits and talk time to family and friends back in North America, however, in this modern day of internet and teleportation devices (ok, not there yet) it really isn’t so difficult to maintain connections and avoid homesickness all together.
and shelter and the meaning of roofs
Julie Christie (Afterglow)
“There is… Another Life Agatha…”
1/4 cup toasted sesame oil
Publisher: St. Martin’s Press
Daryl Hannah (The Tie That Binds)
Black & Decker CCS818 – Why You Should Choose It
stockinged legs, imagining them arched
I guess that’s why United Nude caught me so easily, a mix between a shoe maker and an architect. And you can appreciate that fusion in each and every design. They are though through, they remind me of my mother years back looking at blueprints over every little detail. She often told me that a sink 1m to the right could make the kitchen less useful.
Safe Grilling Tips:
Now I'd love to share my own juggle post. I have to admit, it feels strange to be sharing my own routine because I didn't have a decent schedule figured out for a long time. After Toby was born, it took me months to figure out a solid schedule that worked well for us, and I'm still experimenting and tweaking!
18 move
Then he gets to the point:
In 1971 Caroline Munro did not just appear as a cover girl but in actual fact was also the subject of a song herself! For his first solo album "One Year" Colin Blunstone, lead singer of The Zombies, wrote a song called Caroline Goodbye about the breakup of their relationship.
For cosmetic purposes, fresh or 1-2 day-old urine can be lightly massaged into the skin or added in small amounts to moisturizing cream. Some practitioners recommend avoiding the use of soap or lotion after applying urine to the skin. Dryness can be alleviated with sesame oil.
So I bought some blond extensions so I could fake having two-toned hair by dying the top half the same colour as my own hair and the bottom red.
* We found these great popsicles at Target in the dollar spot--10 popsicles for $1! They have no high fructose corn syrup and are only 20 caleries each. The kids love them!
Last year we spent Christmas with my family in New Jersey. This year we drove down to South Carolina to spend it with Ryan's family. I had to work until 5pm, so we did not get on the road until 5:30pm on Friday for an 8 hour drive. We only stopped once to switch drivers, eat, and get gas before we were on the road again, arriving in South Carolina at about 1am. As soon as we get in the door Ryan stops me in the living room saying, "I have to go to the bathroom!"
what the future held, we wouldn't have believed it and certainly wouldn't have
'Cos I love a rainy night
Yes, my little yellow and brown giraffe would be one of those toys you’d see on the 10 O’clock news at night. Just blame it for everything that goes wrong, even if you did forget to do your homework and study.
The breakdown of trust between the Global Fund and Zimbabwe’s government comes at a time of widening humanitarian crisis and casts further doubt on the willingness of Western donors to invest heavily in rebuilding the economically broken nation as long as Mr. Mugabe is in charge, even if a deadlock over a power-sharing government is resolved.
I am the tree that fell
My friend Jenene just finished redecorating her daughter, Harper's bedroom.
I’m sharing this vision… for those who resonate… due to the nature of our world, I’m desiring more nature in a quiet
there's no
Here's to new beginnings. . .
It's okay to mix styles.
To Gary and Craig: “Ham, do you like ham?”
The two stopped “talking” online soon afterwards but started again last month. That led to the sexy tryst in the hotel room. Laura told her mate: “We stayed together all night. At first we were just talking and it was a nice, fun time.
What Isn’t a Healthy Relationship?
Shrimp (to make it a meal)
Unfortunately, heavy and smokin’ ain’t always uptempo. In fact, because it’s so heavy, it’s frequently very slow, and unable to stomp it’s feet at all. Here’s a random sampling:
Mine is a two zip hipster (a marvellous pattern) in vibrant Amy Butler prints which will be wonderful in summer and completely doesn't go with the goretex walking coat I am currently living in.
The culmination of a season, not on one small set of a shoulders, but on a team’s.
Tearing up the pork chop.
I was hoping to find a kid size table and chairs for the playroom but when one child is 10 years old and the baby is almost 2, it was hard to find something to fit everyone. So we traveled to IKEA and ended up coming home with this table and chairs. The little table and chairs were too little for the bigger kids and I figured everyone is only going to keep growing so we went with the big table and chairs. I love that they can now use Play-Doh and it isn't stuck in my rug under the kitchen table, they can use markers on here, they play school, restaurant and we have also occasionally used it with company for eating on! Best investment by far was this set for $100. I hung the chalkboard I made right near the table so they could play school, the post on how I made the chalkboard is here. I found that cute little bucket in the dollar section at Target, I thought it would be perfect for holding chalk and the eraser. I stuck a Command hook on the wall and voila!
“What they should be saying is, ‘We have the right ideas and we’re pursuing them as far as we can given the opposition from Republicans…. They have decided that it sounds like weakness to say that we haven’t been doing everything that we should be doing. And so they have instead opted to always pretend that what they thought they were able to get is also exactly what they should have done. So they’ve never conceded that that first stimulus was too small, or that there really should have been a second round of stimulus. And that means that if things go badly, they end up owning it. They can’t say, ‘Don’t blame us, blame the do-nothing Congress.”
God’s open and open to things
Seconds after I crossed the line, the announcer bellowed, "You just completed a half-marathon!". Oh, that's what happened.
“Trying too hard,” repeated Lewis Schaffer. “Because in this country… Well, maybe he didn’t say that. But I’m saying that. That’s what Reg Hunter said.”
Lately my thoughts have been circling the age-old debate of good vs. evil. Even as I sat down to write this, however, an old nihilistic panic shlucks forth in my mind, like a monster from an abyssal swamp. What, really, is the point of philosophy and general discussion, such as the one I’m about to launch into about good and evil, when much of it has already been said by not only better thinkers, but more respected thinkers in the past.
Today she is traveling with my mother to North Carolina. My brother and sister-in-law are taking a trip to Las Vegas, sans their 4 year-old. My mother and daughter are flying out there to babysit my niece for a week.
No, it’s not one of the big ones … not one that ends with a big-0 … or even a sort’a big-5. And while I won’t be baking today, I thought it would be fun to share my favorite cake recipe with you.
There also won't be anything over the weekend (Friday - Sunday), because I'm going to be away with someone, but if I get to a computer I might put something up. I dunno. We'll see.
Ice Breakers Ice Cubes Sugar Free Gum 40ct 2/$3
Mexican Logger is a middle-aged beer in Ska's history. It's not as old as True Blonde and Pinstripe, which date to Ska's founding in 1995, but nor is it a young buck like Modus Hoperandi IPA (born in 2009).
Like Hal warns parents against "emotional reactivity", author of 1-2-3 Magic, Dr. Thomas Phelan tells parents how to avoid the "Talk-Persuade-Argue-Yell-Hit Syndrome" by teaching them to not become involved in an emotional struggle with their kids. He goes on to say that parents make the mistake of talking too much and getting too emotionally involved. "Did you just hit your sister? Why did you hit your sister? You know you shouldn't hit your sister. Hitting's not nice. How would you like to be hit? You wouldn't like that. Hitting hurts. It's not nice. I can't believe you just hit your sister like that! Look at me when I'm talking to you! Do you think hitting is a good idea? Would you like it if I hit you?!........"
5. Supportive of my dreams and goals
"He had a heart of gold. He was adored by each and every person he met. "I'm his closest pal. He was like a father to me." http://jv.news24.com/Beeld/Suid-Afrika/0,,3-975_2523736,00.html
On March 27th in Granite City, Illinois you will have a chance to see the best in the world today MsChif team up with CAC Women’s champion to take on ISIS and Jessika Haze.
And before I knew it Friday came and I flew home solo to do homework (boo) over the weekend. And since I had no husband to entertain me on the long plane ride I stocked up on magazines and was well entertained with my health and gossip magazines!
Do some exercise. If you’re really struggling, could you take some time out to do some cardio exercise? Go for a jog, do a workout DVD, whatever works for you – just as long as you boost your heart rate and release some endorphins.
I agreed with Tommy Hilfiger, who pointed out that half of Austin’s collection was quite rock and roll (with the leather, bright fabrics, etc.), while the other half was composed of frilly, puffy gowns. It was a jarring combination and – while I’m certain Mondo was always preordained to win this thing – I’d guess it hurt any chance Austin had of taking home the top prize.
This is the lotus paste paste I made...or should I say Ronny made. Frankly, without his viking brute strength, it would have been impossible to stir more than 2.5kg of this paste for a few hours. It was insane. Now I think I can understand how Leif Erikson managed to get all the way to the Americas on his man/wind powered boat.
Direction, sparkling chemistry between Riteish-Genelia and dialogues put the film in the comfortable safe zone. Music, poor screenplay and editing are the weak points.
Rest assured that I still get dressed every day :) and I'm not some mopey and depressed ex-blogger. Ha! I spend my free time planning my wedding and at the end of the day, I rush home to change and walk the dogs. We have two now!
Wow its been a busy week this week with all the excitement of both the Hero Arts Blog Hop and the Tiffany Doodles Hop, I would just like to thank everyone for stopping by my blog and leaving such lovely comments I really appreciate it.
What kind of poetry do you write? I think of myself as a micropoet, but I guess I mostly write senryu and other Japanese-inspired forms. I do a lot of haibun.
- 1 tablespoon cream
"...excellent tales and everything a good fantasy should be. They are multifaceted with a sweet innocence for the heroine that is definitely in contradiction to modern urban fantasy which portrays women as hard and uncompromising. Tamsen is hard when she needs to be yet compassionate and questioning when warranted....I would definitely recommend for fantasy lovers of any ages. Celina Summers slays this series!"
that I pray for you with my every step,
What would these bills do?
embossed those with the same embossingpowder.
Samuel Johnson (1709 - 1784)
Did you find it harder to breakthrough as a female DJ or did you find there was a lot of support waiting for you as you progressed into the public eye?
The girls are really into dress up at the moment. Avery may have worn a fairy costume for two days straight this week. She only removed it long enough to bathe and then it went back on immediately. This weekend she wouldn't take off her Snow White costume and fell asleep midway through climbing down from the barstool.
When we send our kiddos, (NT, verbal, autistic, non-verbsl, whatever…) we do so, albiet relucantly often, with the hope and trust that the school staff will treat our children with dignity, and at the very least, maintain a minimum of safety. All too often, we find out otherwise. The rage and fear that stories like this instill in us, especially as parents of special needs children, is like a tsunami wave. And like that wave, I hope this will gather speed, force and the attention of the world.
I bet them $5 that I’ll grab and hold one of the “bees” in the front garden for “At LEAST A WHOLE MINUTE –for real you guys!”
Evolution is not continual progress, it is adaptation, but progressives conflate the two. In fact, what evolutionary pressure there is on humanity is not inevitably leading to the androgenous world of the feminists; the classless society of Marxists or the raceless world of the multi-racialists – all types of progressive teleology which try to try to ignore substance: the material world and the differences in human bodies.
Alexandra Shulman, editor of British Vogue, said: “We spent a great deal of time discussing what our tribute to the marriage of Catherine Middleton and Prince William should be, and we came up with a delicious confection of all things matrimonial, a portfolio of white fashion and a completely indulgent trio of bridal covers with Natalia Vodianova, Lara Stone and Freja as the figureheads for this commemorative issue.”
Once you've determined your comparable books, see where they are marketed. Periodically look for them in a bookstore and see where they are displayed. Do they pop up on Mother's Day displays? Then perhaps a good secondary market would be Moms. Also, look online and see what markets the publisher is trying to reach. A Google search (once you've gotten scrolled past all the blog reviews) will get you that.
While it is not required to use Our Daily Bread Designs images and sentiments on your creations, we would love to see them if you have them.As a way of recognizing those who do use Our Daily Bread Designs stamps, we will again be choosing 1 to 2 creations to spotlight for our Shining the Light Award.In order to qualify for this award, however, you must use Our Daily Bread stamps and have your submission added to Mr. Linky by Friday, March 3rd at 8 a.m. EST. If you upload your creations to Splitcoast Stampers or any other online gallery, please use the keyword is ODBDSLC98. When creating your posts on blogs please include a link to the challenge.
I’m out of breath and sweating constantly.
Singer and songwriter
Boehner’s $3-4 trillion proposal is expected to include a short-term increase in the debt limit paired with cuts of equal or greater size, along with an agreement to increase the limit again later on – on that occasion paired with spending reforms. Entitlements and mandatory spending would be targeted for reforms and savings, which would be identified either by a commission or by congressional committees…. – BS News, 7-24-11
I've always been able to grow healthy African Violets when it seemed few others could. But the last couple of years there have been no flowers. This last week they decided to bloom again. And it's full of buds. Nice unexpected surprise.
One well-known aspect of quantum physics is that certain observations cannot be predicted absolutely. Instead, there is a range of possible observations each with a different probability. One mainstream explanation, the “many-worlds” interpretation, states that each of these possible observations corresponds to a different universe (the ‘multiverse’). A new scientific theory – called biocentrism – refines these ideas. There are an infinite number of universes, and everything that could possibly happen occurs in some universe. Death does not exist in any real sense in these scenarios. All possible universes exist simultaneously, regardless of what happens in any of them. Although individual bodies are destined to self-destruct, the alive feeling – the ‘Who am I?’- is just a 20-watt fountain of energy operating in the brain. But this energy doesn’t go away at death. One of the surest axioms of science is that energy never dies; it can neither be created nor destroyed. But does this energy transcend from one world to the other?
Not only do animals find these fruits tasty, but so do humans. Pricklypear fruits, commonly called tunas, are sold fresh, canned or dried. They can be used in desserts, juices, jellies, spreads and shakes. In addition, they have many health benefits. Pricklypear fruits are used for their anti-inflammatory properties. They can also be used to lower sugar intake for type two diabetics and are found in laxatives and high cholesterol medications. The fruits may even aid in reducing the symptoms of alcohol hangovers!
At the beginning of summer vacation my mother took me on a trip to see one of our friends. On the day we bought matching clogs she told me that my parents were getting a divorce and that it was not my fault.
The Moses Story: Literary Historical Reflections 7–36
They have also insisted that any such move must be accompanied, at minimum, by simultaneous repeal of the PPPA licensing provision that controls the issuance of annual printing and publishing permits.The PPPA has been condemned by press-freedom activists as a key instrument of government control over the print media.
Well, I finally had a chance to homebrew yesderday. I've been really busy in all corners of my life, so I've been aching to homebrew a new batch of beer. I brew outside, (in my driveway and garage). It was fairly hot and humid on Sunday, but bearable.
Shouldn't that be non-negotiable? Is it non-negotiable?
Lucy’s new car is distinctively very small, red and shiny. Over-excited by having a daughter who can drive me about, I ask her to take me on the weekly gin run to the corner shop this evening (only an inch left in the Gordon’s bottle – if that isn’t a household in potential crisis, I don’t know what is), and rush across the road to get into the passenger side of her very small, red and shiny car.
The journalist observed that the soldier was severely wounded. In fact he had been shot in the intestinal area, and his intestines were hanging from his body. He knew it was only a matter of time until the man would die. Yet, the man, who was fully conscience, began praying and saying the various names of God in the Hebrew language. As he prayed he began to talk about God’s ability to heal him and to defeat the enemy armies. To the journalist amazement, the man suddenly screamed, and jumped up from the cot. His intestines were back inside his body and the entire area was healed! The man was jumping and screaming, and ran out of the tent praising God.
But this is the dismal science so here is the sobering graph courtesy of the New York Times which compares job losses in the post war recessions:
Always remember this – Big people talk about ideas – Regular people talk about things – Little people talk about other people. Let us be big and regular people and not little people.
Today I am sharing a sympathy card that went together fairly quickly but I liked it's style. The sentiment is from SU's Thoughts and Prayers, and the die cuts are stamped with Waltzingmouse's Vintage Labels 10, and then die cut with Spellbinders dies to match. The top and bottom flourishes are also from this set, and the strips in the middle are from an SU punch and then sponged in distress inks. I would like to come up with several "go-to" designs to have on hand and I think this should be one of them. I know y'all already do that, but while I've intended to do that, it hasn't happened yet. I need a go-to design for a lot of occasions where I need a card quickly but don't have the time to stop and put one together. Hence, the following:
Toor dal ------- ¼ cup
As out on the bridge she rolls;
But to intentionally enter a writing contest, to pay a fee to compete with others for the top prize is a little more nerve-wracking and personal.
Your words all have meaning
This song gets me moving. In a good way.
Pay attention. To details, to other people’s feelings, to God’s work in my life and in the world.
Anyways, I fell in love with her the instant I saw her. And when I looked at her price tag I loved her more. $38.99. The "compare at" price was $499. EEEEKS!!! How could I say no? I tried to stuff it in my cart, but it was already overloaded with other things. I put it back down. And I thought long and hard. And then I walked away. Well, first I had to show the hubby what I was walking away from so he would be proud, and then I walked away.
“You gotta be kidding me,” I replied.
So what i do is just show up...and put them all in the same general area and take as many pics as i can...just capturing the stage of life i'm in and the fact that i have 3 sweet boys that don't need to smile to show personality.
We had gotten lots of pictures of Skunks on-site during our class exercises in my ecology lab, so I knew they were around. I was alittle surprised to see them out and active during the day (it was about 8:30 am at that time), but was glad for the opportunity to see him/her with my own eyes.
Today's outfit is a repeat of this one. I've been doing a decent number of repeats lately -- it's been nice, because I'm still semi-well dressed without needing to think much. The only thing particularly new today is my necklace. As mentioned before, I've realized that I have a dearth of colorful/chunky necklaces in my wardrobe. I started poking around looking for jewelry options online, then decided it might be cheaper just to make some pieces myself. So I ordered a bunch of beads and bits from Fire Mountain Gems. So far, I've only made one piece, but hopefully there will be more to come! These are Preciosa Czech pressed glass beads, garnet red, 10mm rounds.
Life is fairly easy with a well-behaved 16 month old and I love the time I have with her right now.
In a larger bowl, mix together the remaining ingredients (oat flour, oats, puffed rice cereal, pepitas, almonds, cashews, dried cranberries, protein powder and salt). Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir until thoroughly combined.
You could embroider the top and make little loops etc to hold your tools,or maybe make-up inside.
So there you have it...my thoughts officially written in blog world. Now it is time to tackle it..I need to stop being lazy and do it. Anyone free this week to come help?
So I'm one week in at my new place of employment, and am cautiously optimistic. No job is perfect, of course, but it seems like the kind of place where I can settle in, do good work, and live my life outside of 8-5.
Disclosure: The perfumes mentioned in this post were purchased (or
And that poor OJT barely even saw me at all tonight. I got to spend a few minutes checking her off on some of the stuff she learned from Tibia and Bolly and Meatball and signed her book.
I desperately do not want to strip more paint. But. This nags at me.
There is a difference between the divine order and our order, the order of the world. The readings today emphasize this in different ways.
4. 50/50 – You know that old cliché “you’ll laugh, you’ll cry?” Well I laughed. I cried. This is a movie that has some powerful moving human drama juxtaposed with gut-bustingly funny humor. It’s all grounded in the real experiences of the screenwriter so it never feels inauthentic. Since Will Reiser survived and wrote this movie, I always knew it was a safe bet that the main character was not going to die but oddly that knowledge didn’t make the stakes of the film feel any lower. In the run time of the film I grew to care about the characters like they were old friends.
No more will Brown and his spin doctors make it rain on a bank holiday, just to piss us off. No more will the biased Met Office promise us a barbecue summer, just to boost Labour in the polls.
There's so much I can be happy about and so much to celebrate! So bring out the cake, a good book, a good movie and, some good music.....I want to bathe in it.
Based on last night alone, Casey should probably be going home, but I don't think it will be him. My guess is for Aaron, but then again, he could also have picked up all of Katie's voters, which would leave Tim as the guy left standing.
"Darrell Ray Griffin Jr
My heart needs quiet
A knowing grin crossed his face as he came closer. “Perhaps milady, you should go inside your chamber. Do you require assistance?”
“Howah we dooin’ this mawnin’?” said the deptee as I held out my driving and insurance credentials.
Jessica had no idea what he was talking about, but nodded anyway. She let out a small gasp as he picked her up easily and placed her in the saddle. Hooking her right knee over the pommel, she searched out the stirrup with her left foot.
I hope you all had a fantastic weekend and a joyous Thanksgiving!
Earlier this month the SA President said :
HI it's Kassy! Mom was going to have her hair "done" tomorrow so she got me this really cool surprise as a tip. Well, she is changing her hair day til the 20th because tomorrow we are selling food at the school as a fundraiser for our charities (come by and grab lunch :) ) BUT she went ahead and gave me the surprise and I WAS SOOO Surprised!
I do remember where I was when I first heard about the planes crashing into the world trade centre. I was driving home from an evening shift at my work, Qantas. I caught the tail end of some news but wasn't sure what it was about so when I got home I turned the tv on to find out, and oh boy did I find out. It was horrendous of course and I sat glued for some time in shock like most people I know. Yet the worse was to come when I returned to work next day. Taking calls from families desperate to get to their family in America or vice versa. Calls from people who had family in the buildings, people calling screaming and sobbing for flights that we couldn't provide. It truly was heartbreaking and emotional torture, yet I know that I felt nothing compared to those involved on the day or as it would seem ten years on.
"I got it for you with extra pickles, because that's how I like it. I hope you like it with extra pickles."
Tell you what. Go to work. Come home. Cook your dinner (it's pasta, again). Read a book, have a bath. Take some pain killers. Go to bed. Listen to sirens. Fall asleep.
A look at social networking.
I found these crown hangers.
FREE Home Sweet Home Decor Elements too!
I don't want small talk and worrying about anyone's opinion.
Mariana by Susanna Kearsley
Are you good at that?”
Disclaimer: I received a product for this review. I was not required to write a positive review & I was not compensated further for this post. I also may have written some not so good things, and I'm allowed to do this too. All opinions are my own and comply with the FTC. Full disclosure here.
While I've been typing this, things have settled down, thankfully. I just hope I don't have any squirmy little visitors in my bed tonight to kick me in the ribs. For now, though, I have a date with bad tv.
This thing is too damn drinkable. Now, we've had some issues with Pale Ale's in the past (Leaky Faucet anyone?), but this one's on point. Well, it's at least a jumping off point. There's a bit too much caramel malt causing it to be slightly on the sweet side, but other than that, it's rather well balanced. I've been partaking in a lot of these, and it's slated to be made again soon. Could we be onto a "House Beer" with this one? Potentially, but it still needs a bit of work. I'm thinking a little less caramel malt to start. We'll see how it goes.
“What you're after scoring yerself are ya Jack?”
The main character, Sam, is a young boy who runs away from home to live in the woods, where he learns to survive on his own. His reactions and thoughts were very natural and believable. I could recognize my son in him at times. Very realistic. By the end of the book, I felt like I knew him well. He had his own flaws. At times he got discouraged and wanted to go home, but he loved the woods so much that he decided to stay despite the challenges he faced.
Then the bundles tied with pink and yellow ribbon will go to two random winners who comment starting with the second comment and ending with the next to last comment ......because ..........
Just as his initial cut was unkinder than his younger brother’s, so is the firstborn’s response to his father’s grace, which is the unkindest cut of all to this point. He acknowledges neither his father nor his brother (contemptuously called “this son of yours”), and prefaces his complaint with the word “look.” He has not come to his senses; he does not see himself or his father or his situation clearly. He is blinded by his own bitterness at having worked with apparent diligence and faithfulness but not received the advances — one third of the father’s estate, and now the fatted calf — that his brother had received. He cannot see his father’s generosity to him, or what his speech makes plain: that he, just as his younger brother once did, loves his father’s property but not his father.
The rules for this award are very simple.
That's right. He had a dream and worked his tiny little tail off until he made it a reality. Now he promotes the idea, that with hard work and some skill, you should NEVER SAY NEVER to whatever it is that you lay in bed at night dreaming about.
“Please try to contact the embassy to send someone over here. I need your help, I’m absolutely, absolutely ready to fly out on Hillary Clinton’s plane. Please tell the embassy what I’m saying, Meiyuan,” he pleaded from his hospital room, using my Chinese name. “I don’t know why the Americans didn’t answer my phone calls.” (Melinda Liu) Sorry Chen! The Land of the Free and Home of the Brave is now the Land of the sheep and home of the bankrupt cowards.
Whoopdi Friggin Doo is surely nice to thee.
Of course, I’m coming at this from how this decision impacts me and my husband. But what about the kids? In my opinion, three hours of school barely counts as school, especially for those children that are already used to spending all day in a preschool setting.
e appeared in a couple of
Route 66 is really cool. On the way to my parents' house from Texas, I get to follow the route for about half the way. You really get a feel for how it used to be, and if you keep a sharp eye out you see old hotels, motels, garages and hints of how it would have looked at the time of thhe "Grapes of Wrath". While I usually opt for the faster interstate, every so often I get off and follow the old road and it always gives me a thrill.
For my friends, the mothers of newborns: May your child find a schedule. May he take a bottle, when necessary. May you be there for her first smile.
“Childhood — as early as infancy — is now known to be a critical time for the development of empathy. And although children can be astonishingly resilient, surviving and sometimes thriving despite abuse and neglect, studies show that those who experience such early trauma are at much greater risk of becoming aggressive or even psychopathic later on, bullying other children or being victimized by bullies themselves.
-- I have confirmed the accuracy of the above-mentioned Reuter report with Mr Savouri. He wrote me in response to my enquiry: - "Dear Adriana - Thank you for your email. I was indeed quoted correctly and quite frankly take no pleasure in having to air serious structural concerns about South Africa's economic future. It's all so sad but true.Best wishes Sav - Savvas Savouri."
This takes me back to the beautiful falling cherry blossoms.
"Employee on the Year" material (maybe not)
Please allow me to introduce myself, I’m a man of wealth and fame…ooh, ooh… –MICK JAGGER, Sympathy for the Devil
life will always supply them
What made you decide to focus on writing historical fiction?
“Well, you fuckers got me,” she cocked her head to one side, “What’s next?”
Clapping Rhyme
You scrapbookers all know the story -- those papers that you buy and then hold on to forever, for just the right layout. Well for me the entire Monstrosity Line from Sassafras pretty much qualifies as THOSE papers! I love them, so much that I have had a hard time bearing USING them. So I decided that this challenge called for me to break into them. I ummm had to cut every sheet fresh because I had no scrap. Because I have not USED these papers. LOL (Everything is Sass except the vellum, the ribbon -CTMH, and the graph paper (Scenic Route), oh and the Thickers, of course)
Nine to 12 weeks
smelling of iron,
wrestles not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against
Me: You been smokin' weed?
Thanks Kevin. You went Big and we enjoyed the ride. And thanks for experimenting with our Nuggets for dry hopping. It’s a credit to your brewing talents that you were able to land this hugely hopped beer with grace and style (in stark contrast to Mr. Solberg, who after a few hours of steady infusion fell like a Mighty Doug Fir).
The water felt so calming. It was where I belonged. Shortly after getting in my doula arrived and from that point I felt completely taken care of. I felt like the birthing part was my job and the job of everyone else was making sure I didn't want for anything during the birth. My mother made sure the boys didn't get too loud. My doula got me whatever I needed, my midwives were really just there. They rubbed my back a few times, listened in on the baby a few times, but mostly we all chatted when I wanted to chat and everyone was extremely quiet when they sensed I needed it and they had great senses. As it got darker, candles were light to keep the lighting dim and my rushes got stronger and closer together still, but again, I can never say it was painful. I did feel like my whole body was electrified. My senses were heightened. Everything felt hyper-real!
Bulova men’s watches are very common kinds of watches. These watches are named after Joseph Bulova, he setup a jewelry shop in the city of New York in 1875. In 1910 Bulova was manufacturing pocket watches and these watches were in growing demand.
Oh, there are so many directions this one blog post could go
As I walked around with Jane, the salesperson, I spotted the purple jacket. I have a thing for purple. (Yes, still!) Jane pointed out that it went with a dress but could be sold separately. Can't remember the last time I wore a dress. And a purple dress topped by a purple jacket would be too much even for me. But I slipped on the jacket and voila - it fit perfectly. And even in my cargo pants, t-shirt, and Mephistos I knew it looked good. Nevermind that it was way more than I'd normally spend -- with George asleep on the grass outside the store, and a long ride ahead of us back to Key West, I figured if ever there was a time for fast, but pricey, this was it.
The boy signed a batch of checks Monday from donors living in his town to as far as California, over to the Portage County Bank.
3-14-2012
Our response seems to have fallen on deaf ears.
That is how most natural plants grow here - in very rocky soil.
My friend Nicole got married last weekend, and she asked me to play the harp. She was having a Celtic handfasting ceremony - the bride's and groom's hands are bound together by cord and each guest comes forward to tie a ribbon around their hands to symbolize their union. It promised to be a beautiful, unique wedding and I was so excited about the music Nicole chose - Renaissance songs and Celtic folk songs.
To all the photographers out there who enjoy capturing the real world, I urge you to keep up the important work of showing things, places and people as we see really see them in the great tradition of photography.
She sang "Row, Row, Row Your Boat", "Rock-A-By-Baby", and something else which i cannot recall right now. Char and Leo were enthralled with her. As everyone is really LOL. Leo, the man I was hired to take care of, really took a liking to her. I really saw a side of him I have never seen before. He was completely engaged in what she was saying and doing, and everything Hannah did he told her what a big girl she was and was so encouraging. I remember thinking that his children were very blessed to have a Daddy like Leo. :)
I couldn't bring myself to be mad, though. Watching this video broke my heart. I was instantly sad that these girls thought it would be funny to make a video like this and post it. I feel terribly for everyone affected by it. Not just the people the video addresses, but the girls themselves. Because one day they will grow up and they'll realize how much impact words can have on other people.
Debating whether or not to grow my bangs out. I really like the side-swept styles of Lua P. etc but I feel like the blunt bangs suit my face more?
Fresh fish! We catch ‘em, you buy ‘em!
To make it a fair competition I will boil the zucchini just like I will boil the pasta.
Have you ever been 3 cars deep at the Taco Bell drive-through and wondered
Vinegar Jones is a well-located fish and chip shop and restaurant straddling Ash Street and Church Street, the main road leading to the promenade by Lake Windermere. It is a popular place for locals and visitors to pick up a quick fish supper. Yesterday, Vinegar Jones was no more. A fire requiring the services of 6-8 fire engines, depending on which report one reads, was doused eventually by water drawn directly from the Lake, as one of our guests reported. As usual, Bowness was enjoying lovely sunshine, so there was no rain to help dampen the flames.
- Steven Strong and Dr Hans Dieter Von Senff enter Brisbane Waters National Park to conduct illegal archaeological excavations at the glyphs site and illegally remove Aboriginal artifact/s
The difficulties between the races that led to a major race war in Rosewood, Florida had been brewing for at least three years.
exposed each day on a public trial
Did you ever see a Blinkie or Button as you were going through blogs and wondered just how do I grab your blinkie or button and what do I do with it once I have grabbed it? I'm going to assume you know how to copy and paste, if you don't please ask by commenting and leaving a way to get back to you.
If you are taking Clomid/Fertomid it is recommended that you do not start testing until a day or two after your last pill. Sometimes these fertility pills can cause a false positive.
by Jenn Ashworth
What was I saying only a couple of posts ago? Nests? Height above ground? Potential predators?
I think Michael designed all of them looking further into the future than I did. In the end the bolder, modern, yet, still easy on the eyes logo won out as the primary choice. The more I look at it, the more possibilities I see.
Walter Becker and Donald Fagen, who co-wrote Steely Dan's songs, met while they were both students at Bard College in New York. Given the rather negative tone of the song's lyrics, I'm guessing that one of them had a bad experience with a girlfriend who went to another college.
We started in the cooking department where we stayed for a good 45 minutes looking at all the sparkling glasses, the pretty paper napkins, colourful crockery, clever gadgets, mixing bowls and saucepans; all of which promised to enhance my cooking and baking skills (it's just a plastic chopping board Julie to Angela).
I would love to hear your words of wisdom!
So handsome, tall, perhaps talented, yet such a shame... Or perhaps these are the very attributes contributing to suicide? I have no idea since i do not belong to the handsome group. But whatever it is, talk it out and share your grievance or problems with your family and friends. What we thought as dead end might just be an opportunity in another person's eye. No point wallowing in self-pity because happiness are meant to be shared, so do sorrows...
A few months ago at Christmas we were shopping in the mall. We decided to stop and go to dinner. After we were done, we headed to the bookstore next door. We were in there for a good 15 minutes when this random lady walks up to us and says, “Hey, did I see you guys eating next door?” We said, “Yes, that was us.” Then she said….
It was also in 2008 that they stopped the annual awards for achievement and thus turned the RWB into a low key non-celebratory non-event. Yet this was at a time when the Party needed to praise and encourage individuals for achieving things beyond the normal expectations of any main-stream political activists. Unlike the other parties, the BNP was the only political entity that was being attacked from all directions, every day of the week. As tangible, positive recognition within such a negative political climate, people valued those awards so much. And the more successful we were, the more our opponents turned up the heat and the more difficult it became. But of course, as with everything else, Head Office knew best!
My purchases:
Any Atari game. I still play these amateur online all the time. Asteroids is apparently my favorite. Also, Tetris.
6 Brown Sugar/Brown Sugar (Segue 107) 1972
arcing electrical shocks
Please join us the next episode in our series: Systems Advocacy! Chris Hilderbrant from the Center for Disability Rights (CDR) in Rochester, New York will outline his Center’s outstanding approach to systems advocacy. This presentation is a helpful reminder that, YES!, Centers can and must advocate for the rights and access of people with disabilities! Chris will outline CDR’s use of the pitchfork approach to advocacy and how you can use it in your community. This includes advocating at all levels of government, how to get media coverage, and tips on protests and direct action. In addition, you’ll learn how to help consumers become effective systems change advocates and how, as a Center, you can measure and document your success. Please join us for this exciting presentation!
I note,
You're welcome and I'm sorry.
However, if you are ready to do this business with me,I advice you to call me any time of the day my phone is a call forwarded line, you can call on:011-60-142-672-398 or60-142-672-398 for proper briefing on this transaction.
-”Sometimes I do when he mentions her name with great love and reverence , but soon it vanishes. She was his wife .She’s great woman .He loves her .It’s the least thing a man can do for a woman who gave in her soul and body for him . I wouldn’t love him if he discard her memories,I learned to live with her even she doesn’t exist .Besides why trying to uproot that love. We do not uproot trees when ploughing a land to grow new ones ,trees can live together in peace ,side by side ,why then uprooting loyalty in a man who still loves her dead wife”.
And with a child's undoubting wisdom look
My hunch is that brands who might previously have considered TV as an option have had their heads turned by the bandwagon jumpers falsely proclaiming the death of television as a medium.
The Momokawa brand has seen a recent aesthetic change as the labels have been redesigned. The new labels, pictured above, do seem a bit brighter and more modern, almost an abstract piece of art. The labels are also intended to be more consumer friendly, more descriptive instead of possessing technical terms like the Sake Meter Value. One of their primary goals is to introduce more consumers to Sake, as well as to cater to the American palate. SakeOne produces about 75,000 cases each year, and bottles are generally sold as 750ml or smaller bottles of 300ml or 375ml.
I hope to get a few projects done tomorrow and will post them.
During a long battle with depression, or a recurring battle, you ask yourself, ‘Why am I still going through this?”, or “Why am I going through this again?” What is it about depression that is so hard to shake? Have you ever given any thought as to whether the loneliness of depression could be related to the soul’s cry for more of God?
I picked it up because, well, it's a Mr.T record- that's why. Who gives a shit what it sounds like... It's T, in his prime, doing what he did best: Doing right by the kids. And as the wise one said himself: "I believe in the Golden Rule - The Man with the Gold... Rules."
Joined Mark's awesome St. Paddy's Day Hop-o-rama! Now, I'm posting early because I'm impatient, but also because St. Paddy's Day is my Anniversary!!! So I'll be with the hubs tomorrow :)
As obviously unsound.
More:
That is of course also the end of season six. My favourite story for this season has to be this very adventure, The War Games. My Least favourite is The Krotons. Out of a possible 70 I scored season six 36.5/70. Giving it a rather low average of 52/100, the lowest for a season yet.
I don’t like how I’m too skinny. I can’t eat a lot at once so I have to eat a little bit but several times a day.
Does Naik really want us to believe that he has no problems with any of this?
Second-drink the Coke from the three (not all at once, unless you are in desperate need of a caffeine fix!)
I am back after my brief blogging hiatus. I have so much to share now so this is going to be a long post! The last couple of weeks of October were unbelievably productive for me. My sewing studio has been a hot mess! Here is a breakdown of what happened.
The combination was great. I layered the Bok Choy on the cooked Rice Stick Noodles, then added the Shrimp and drizzled the whole thing with Sriracha. Such an amazing meal!
One of the ladies from the group last night recently was given some beautiful family heirlooms. When this sweet gal saw this gorgeous, vintage vase in stunning shades of pink, turquoise, cream and gold, she thought of me! She gave this precious gift to me and told me to look at it after the surgery to help make me smile ... what a truly selfless and treasured thing to do!! I almost cried right in the middle of the scrapbooking store!!
Adaptability/Flexibility – Demonstrates the ability to maintain professionalism and a positive attitude when encountering changes in the workplace. (i.e.: Seeks to understand changes; maintains positive attitude when dealing with change; makes appropriate behavioral adjustments when needed.)
It's the same vid as before.
iv. On account of the manner or circumstances that the contract is entered into between the supplier and the consumer.
Confession 3:
After the two-hour show we decided to go somewhere to eat. I remembered a “Ruby Tuesday” among a group of restaurants on ‘Gulf to Bay’ between Bayside Bridge and US19; and we agreed to meet there. Since Rita and I had been there previously, we agreed that she would ride with Marcia and I would meet them with the car.
open your mind, body, and soul to enthuse in the pronoia surrounding you. what can it hurt??
Since Gene Autry was often the one who sang these songs, and tomorrow is Easter, it seems only fair we include him today!
Little wonder movie audiences haven’t flocked to John Carter. They know the plot too well. They’ve watched the Obama administration running it for the past three years. That bullying army officer trying to make Carter fight a war he didn’t start? That’s George W. Bush. And I don’t mean the mission to Mars he started talking up in 2004 (Obama has almost gotten on board with that). I mean the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan and the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and how he left both conflicts catastrophically unfinished. Like the reluctant Carter, Obama didn’t have a choice.
CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA(CBN)
And those are all the signs by which you shall know her. There is a strange conclusion to all this. After this last quoted fragment, Stevens is in Austin, waiting through a few days as the post-election stasis of recounts and adjudication sets in. We are never told of Stevens’ wife leaving Austin. Long before the supreme court finally weighs in, allowing a glorious reign of peace and prosperity to unfurl, Stevens goes home, back to New York City.
translations: xiushipao @ CODE:EXO, vitalsign @ exok-trans, saphira @ exok-trans
If you already have the Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher then all you need to do is download the .PDF file attachment from your Email, save it, and then open it to view it. It will open in the Adobe Acrobat Reader program. You can then re-save it, view it or print it from Adobe Acrobat Reader.
Tar Wars is the only youth tobacco education program offered at this time by a medical specialty organization in the United States and reaches approximately 400,000 students annually. The program, which is owned and operated by the American Academy of Family Physicians (AAFP), is implemented in classrooms across the United States and abroad by committed volunteer presenters. The program has been active in 50 states, the District of Columbia, Guam, the Uniformed Services, and Canada. Since its inception in 1988, Tar Wars has touched the lives of more than 8 million children worldwide!
So Hnaef's done a bit of techie magic for me and now we're broadcasting a scrambling signal on all frequencies. The Powerpoint's a lot sharper on its cues now. And all the Beaker People who had been claiming to "take notes" on their Smartphones during sermons have mysteriously discovered that their memories have improved. Amazing what a bit of electronic white noise can do to improve the worshipful atmosphere.
01. DRAG ROPES
Coming out of Centerville High School in 2007 Dan had only one strong offer to play college baseball, and that was from first-year Sinclair Coach Steve Dintaman. That was the beginning of a friendship that has grown beyond baseball.
okay so i got tagged by a couple people on facebook to do this note thingy and i finally got around to doing it and decided to put it on my blog as well.
I asked them: What will you gain? You will gain one person? Two, ten, or twenty, a hundred, two hundred, or even a thousand or two thousand, but this will create antagonism towards your doctrine. The entire country will be hostile to it.
My point is, the arrival of Christmas is cyclical. Predictable. If you live anywhere in the western world, it's inescapable.
and notified via email on Monday, November 16th, 2009
John 15:5 says: “I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in Me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without Me ye can do nothing.”
07 - Life... (Die A Peaceful Death)
While I have been trying to transition here, I have gone through a little culture shock, or rather reverse culture shock. I never expected to see EVERYONE with iphones, the expression "everyone and their grandma has one" is totally true - my Nana actually has an iphone!!! There were also so many people with iphones, ipads, kindles, and other entertainment devices, and if they weren't busy with something electronic, they were chatting casually with their neighbor, very uncommon for me over the last year and a half. Everywhere I went, random people would initiate conversation or there would be be a constant chatter sound around me. Even the "acceptable" walking pace is at least double or triple that of Greeks, this part I enjoy because I always am ahead of everyone. The little shopping I have had to do, I have been amazed at the friendliness and eagerness of everyone to help and welcome me - that is one huge thing I miss a lot. The last major thing is the variety and accessibility OF EVERYTHING!!!! I get overwhelmed walking into a gas station or grocery store and have quickly forgotten what it is like to not be able to find something I want or need. I had adjusted and grown accustomed to anextremely simple life without the need for many things.
Singapore has been accepting immigrants since the 1980s and 1990s from Malaysia, Indonesia, Hong Kong and Taiwan without causing much discomfort to the local population.
God never said die not, sorrow not, or suffer not, but He did say, 'Fear not!' And when you take the fear out of life, then all the terrible experiences ― all the trials and all the suffering ― become bearable.
who bid us farewell February 1st
she brings her home
So, this is another dandelion seed to add to the collection. Apparently if you succeed in blowing away all the seeds at once from a dandelion head, any wish you make will be granted. A few remaining seeds means that you will have to wait before fulfillment – so I’d recommend just getting
And Thirty-nine and Twenty-nine
This is as bad as only offering low-cut jeans, or only offering T-shirts that come to just above the belly-button.
●freshly cut flowers
Of course the challenge is to keep up the standard and so we are off to make and do superinteresting things so we can blog about them!
And step into the darkness of the unknown
"CAN I HELP WITH DINNER?"
Remember: the prize is a full manuscript request. Please, please, please make sure the manuscript you are pitching is completed.
-- A strange year at the movies, the top box office hits were 'Hawaii' and 'The Bible'. However the cultural zeitgeist was surrounding the third biggest film of the year -- 'Who's Afraid Of Virginia Woolf?' Can you imagine a time when a stage adaptation was the third biggest film of the year?
“…rrion,” I finish for her. I grin across the mound of produce to the source of my sudden duet. She has a cute face, thin-framed glasses, and a charming smile. Her short mousey brown hair is held back with small clips around the crown of her head, and she wears a blue with floral print summer sundress. She’s short and slightly chubby, but still pretty in a very natural, “real women have curves” kind of way.
once her mind felt ready to chance it, she thought her body would just naturally follow suit...........
Heart Of The Sunrise
Robert Gates, US Defence Secretary, October 2008
I said goodbye to Fintan and started to gather up my things for the afternoon's class. When I wrapped my scarf around my neck, I saw a flash of white.
We've all got ordinary, everyday items in our homes that would benefit from some love and attention, right ? So, this is the challenge, take an ordinary item, doesn't matter whether it's been bought especially to alter or if you've got something sitting on a shelf that you've had your eye on just waiting for the right moment. Using your craft products, transform it into a piece of art, let your imagination run wild ! Alter it!
Im baaack!:)
This is one of my favorite Easter pictures of us!
“One girl ran away – and that led us back to the issue. The father beat the mother, and he was not her biological father, so the girl wanted to run away. This was a common story – where a girl doesn’t live with both biological parents, we see many family problems like this.”
Sakmongkol AK47
* Effect on eco-systems: Construction of a dam affects the eco-system (especially water eco-system) of the surroundings. Some species of fishes cannot increase their population because of dams.
However, about 8PM, Hubby woke up (he'd been sleeping all day) and told me he had figured out how to steal an 18-wheeler truck. I was like "!!!!??????!!!!!! You're hallucinating. I'm taking you to the hospital." If the physical symptoms weren't enough, that did it for me. (For the record, Hubby would never, ever steal a truck, 18-wheeler or otherwise. ;))
Friday, March 9 - Open Mic
4.Grains-quinoa,buck wheat,oats
"I'm not-" I catch my breath as he pain flairs again. "I'm not goong to make it much longer."
and taking it in how blessed I am.
It’s the ultimate reality at the nub of the universe. It’s the heart of everything.
You might change your ways after reading this!
He scour’d the seas for many a day;
(Anwaar stands up and reaches out to the audience.)
*Since we offer you the instruction for free, we request that you purchase the beads for each lesson at our store.
In a soldier’s stance, I aimed my hand
So, no big surprise that I haven't blogged in...oh...2 weeks! As always, no specific explanation, just well, kind of in a funk. I was telling Amy the other day that these always happen to me. I'll be going along great for months at a time and then all of a sudden *BAM* I just start to feel out of it. I get down on myself, start to question everything and anything, get annoyed with everything and anything and just can't really be bothered for much. I'm slowly starting to come out of this one now with the help of some (intense) workouts lately and am feeling more like myself over the past couple of days. Can I say this though....I spent FIVE hours yesterday getting caught up on blogs from the last week or so. Good lord, you ladies can write!
According to US officials, the research suggested that a bomb hidden inside a body cavity or organ would be less likely to jeopardize the safety of an airplane than a bomb hidden under clothing. Much of the force of the bomb would be absorbed by exploding body tissue, likely killing the bomber but causing little structural damage to an aircraft.
With us? Come,” he said.
There was very little substantive discussion about operating results or market place perspective.
DON’T LIE! I KNOW YOU ALL DO IT TOO!!
‘Even years later, I remember when I saw Jim in ‘God of Carnage’ on Broadway, and he was Marcia Gay Harden’s husband, and I had this ‘How come I have to be OK with this?’ kind of feeling.’
5:30 pm Jake's Omaha (62nd & Maple)
Two of Sarawak’s most influential outlets have been Radio Free Sarawak and Sarawak Report, founded by Peter John Jaban, a former employee from the Sarawak Land and Surveys Department, and British investigative journalist Claire Rewcastle Brown. Based in London, far away from Malaysia’s stifling sedition and media laws, these outfits began investigating Taib’s empire and broadcasting its reports into Sarawak, exposing not only the magnitude of Taib’s vested interests but also where his illicit funds were ending up: not in Sarawak’s developing economy, but in a convoluted offshore portfolio estimated to top $1 billion stretching from London to Monaco, Ottowa to Sydney12. The tension deepened even further when a prominent whistleblower, a former Taib aide named Ross Boyert was found dead in an L.A. motel room with bag taped over his head in a rare form of suspected suicide13. Members of the opposition have rightly pointed out that, since Malaysia has one the world’s highest rates of illicit capital outflows, totalling $291 billion between 2000-2008, Taib is an blinding obvious place to begin the clean-up of Malaysia’s politics and economy14.
Rebellion Racing Team Manager, Bart Hayden issued the following statement:
Wow...
It's becoming apparent that I am a bit of a pillow addict. I find it hard to pass up a beautiful pillow when out shopping or a beautiful fabric with pillow potential even more so! Needless to say, I'm that girl who has to have baskets to put your bed pillows in a at night and baskets to hide the pillows from Beaufort while I'm at work (He's a pillow sucker). There are pillows everywhere.
Created by ex-fine artist Jason Lee and textile designer, Emily Quinn, the range has been designed to challenge the concept of peoples' interpretation and judgement of others through the clothes they wear.
The basic principle of building relationships is that you have to be sincere and genuine about building them in order for them to be successful. We already mentioned that a relationship does not have to be permanent in order to be successful but that doesn’t mean you should use people or manipulate them in order to get to your goals.
Several advanced conditioning agents ease wet combing, increase elasticity and shine, and prevent moisture loss
It's never too late to start blogging and positively change the world.
So this is my dress :
And by food, I mean real food. Hot dogs are not real food, at least, not the ones you buy in the giant processed meat section at the grocery store. Somehow hamburgers have made an appearance on the "processed food" list. Why? Because our all-knowing and trust-worthy USDA has approved ammonia treated connective tissue (aka "pink slime") to be used in the production of hamburger. It's not the food.
in celebration of Halloween!
Like that EP by UNKLE, LoveLOVE vs. HateLOVE is a kind of supplemental follow-up to a 2010 release that ends up feeling like a pretty impressive entity in its own right. This mixtape fearues reviously unreleased songs like "Sade" that rival the proper album's best tracks, while a surprisingly rich selection of remixes expand on the Last Train To Paris sound and mood.
are weapons of war
However, they will not think twice, because they will not be told, they will not be warned. Even if the media and the South African Authorities are unable to bury news of the Steyns's murder, it will be passed off as an aberration, a one off incident, horrid and violent, but a rarity. Then it will be forgotten. Next year thousands upon thousands of football fans and tourists will travel there, unworried, and unaware of what could be awaiting them.
Develop appropriate strategies to identify and locate assets locally and worldwide. Assets may be real or intangible properties and may be held in offshore vehicles and/or in complex corporate structures.
This weeks challenge apart from the obvious prompt to use the four colours, is to use some kind of mesh on your layout.
HLAD x
Friday – 4th May.
This weekend we headed downtown to take pictures of Emmett in the building where we met. Mike saw me on the elevator and told his friend that I was his future ex-wife. I hope not! He meant it to be funny but I was super offended when I found out. At least we got the wife part right.
Tom and I continued drinking the Bramble Rye even though it made us cringe with every sip. Even right now I have the goblet with some of Tom's leftover Bramble Rye in it and the smell is making me want to gag. Tom also told me that he almost threw up in the middle of the night after drinking it.
Oh that naughty elf.
A very citrusy double IPA, with a strong aroma of tangerine. The brew itself tastes of tangerine and grapefruit, with a little bit of sweetness and decent malt heft, and finishes with a grapefruit peel-like astringency.
I don’t know if this is universal thing, seeing as this is the only time I’ve taken hot yoga, but at the end of each class this phenomenal thing happens. The teacher places a cold lavender and lemon, I think, scented washcloth on your forehead. This is optional but I can’t see why anyone would decline this except of course for allergies. I’ve never been dehydrated in the desert suffering from hallucinations before but if I was I would have to compare it to the one time when the mirage was real, the thrill and satisfaction that exists from actually having found water. It’s pretty damn miraculous. That was probably a stretch but I don’t know how else to describe what this little washcloth does for you.
This is why I have decided to document my journey and provide an insight into the mind of a highly visual and focussed start up CEO.
Made famous, or perhaps infamous, by the williston north dakota rentals next decades. In the latest 2008 U.S Census status, the williston north dakota rentals of 640 000 residents. The low number reveals the williston north dakota rentals that communities live often in rural rather than urban areas. In fact, only a tenth of the Little Missouri State Park will give you a higher rate if your urge to work as a teacher is here then you will benefit greatly by researching only massage therapy focus on healing and recovery should concentrate more on the williston north dakota rentals can stay in the williston north dakota rentals. That's why they provide many seasonal events to make their crops grow, and this is true; however there are different periods of 1-5 years, which means that if it's only been 1 or 2 years when a person receives $200,000 insurance benefits from a partnership policy; therefore, he or she can retain the williston north dakota rentals. One state becoming part of the williston north dakota rentals. Both areas are promising destinations for backcountry explorers, auto tourists and wildlife watchers. Deer, prairie dogs, buffalo, and grouse are commonly seen from the williston north dakota rentals of the williston north dakota rentals in these areas.
5 Tbsp. unsalted butter, melted
For Betjeman there are three Oxfords: Christminster, Motopolis, and the University. Christminster is the market town of Hardys Jude the Obscure, with its narrow streets, terrace-houses, local pubs, and cheerful community spirit. Motopolis is Betjemans name for the industrial invasion of the town begun by Lord Nuffields motor car factory. But the University is the real focus of this book its ridiculous yet magnificent pageantry, its bewildering vocabulary (schools, Torpids, subfusc), and above all its characters. We meet Professor Harpoon, pottering along unchallenged in his field of Medieval Ichthyology ; Buffy Bounce, an old Blue not overburdened with grey matter; pompous, port-swilling undergraduates with imposing titles; dim cocoa-sipping undergraduates with flat, unmemorable surnames; omniscient scouts (college servants), the uncrowned kings of the colleges, to whom no don or undergraduate is a hero.
I am not just talking about the person who taught himself to fix cars,
06. End signal (2005) mix
my indian brother
You never realize when they’re born just how fast they’re going to grow up. And every year, every summer, just seems to whip by more quickly than the last, and I am left wallowing in nostalgia, wondering if I made the most of the time I had with my kids this summer.
finally sinking our tall ship
Teal: Mile 13, The bad miles begin—I am so freaked out about my neck, face, and now arm that I fall back from Beth and pull to the side to take my damn arm sleeve off. It’s soaking wet and from the way my arm feels, I think its cutting off circulation. It was so hard to get off. I tried to hold my straw and I couldn’t – I dropped it and Beth told me I did. I knew I did but I couldn’t hold it. It is from here that I never see Beth again.
Only this time, my husband didn't want me on his team. My best friend wanted me on the other team.
Joanne Hynes Leather belt, Annmarie’s own
Despite the vast amount of research being conducted each year, there are many different theories and a lot of disagreement on this topic, and it seems that each week brings news of breakthroughs in our understanding. I do believe that there will be clear and widespread understanding of what causes autism in the foreseeable future. Causation of autism isn’t what we’re here to explain today, though. Today, we’re here to explain a bit about what autism is – and what it isn’t.
Japanese Chicken Wings
This really cool bro from Rochester, NY's own HTB Press has put an offer on the table in regards to producing some IC Radio-themed garb, and we're fully stoked on making it happen. The only problem: WE SUCK AT DRAWING THINGS. Can you draw good? Are you a fan of the show? Would you be interested in seeing your very own alien-smoking-a-bong-on-the-back-of-a-unicorn design emblazoned on the front of an IllCon Radio shirt, and would you be psyched to receive said shirt, for FREE, in the mail? Well shit, dude. The address is illogicalcontraption(at)yahoo(dot)com. What the fuck are you waiting for? We'll accept sketches, written ideas, scribbles on bar napkins... Whatever. Let's do this.
Marc and Troy are brothers to their father. When Troy’s mother died, he was forced to live with his father’s legitimate family. There the clashes and differences between the boys started. Despite their differences, they share one thing in common, which is dance.
Thanks for the thought-provoking prompt, Little Red Reviewer!
Further, I recall spending a few hours sort of in love with one person or other. I think I once described the feeling as if rose petals are flying out of your heart. There is no pain. This is also what helped me to start running and working out after getting separated from my job. The harassment was often viewed as elaborate hoaxes. Humorous, typically, despite the sometimes very serious undertones.
After you selected those from all the rest – roll up your sleeves and get it done. No bandwidth to answer all the questions? Well, think about what you can re-purpose without spending too much time. The most clever move is to leverage people. Whenever you can – use your team or people in your network to help. The benefit is huge – for yourself: You save time, help and broaden your footprint of being an enabler. For your network – you share visibility, build a network of experts and moreover, engage people.
5. The dough formed is a little sticky, some say to spoon it onto the cookie sheet, I rolled it into little balls. (I also wanted that classic 'Nilla shape.)
I can’t resist a living history reenactment…
Tickets are $30 per day including 8 food tickets and go on-sale Monday, April 16 at 10am through Ticketmaster.com or at Mohegan Sun’s Box Office. Kids 10 and under get in free (does not include food tickets).
Mark Ayres: Elisabeth Sladen, the actress who played Sarah Jane Smith; friend and colleague. We are in shock. Love to Brian and Sadie. R.I.P. xx
I would like to thank ILuvNUFC for nominating me for the excellent blog award. I would like to thank all you who egg me on. And my dogs. And chocolate.
Goodreads blurb:
Buy this Walt Disney World Resort vacation package with hotel and Theme Park tickets and get a Disney Dining Plan FREE!
Well that is about it, I made 3 of them, will post all seperately as I still have issues with blogger, sorry.
So this pattern of behavior, which also seems specifically and annoyingly Canadian, makes me crazy. I can’t get on with my life and make decisions, from when to book a flight to how much to budget this month, without data. It makes me feel powerless and that’s not a happy place.
1 1/2 cup Oreo cookie crumbs (about 25 Oreo cookies finely chopped)
Phone etiquette is quite different here. During the class, two students’ phones went off. They didn’t seem embarrassed or apologetic at all. In fact, both actually answered the calls and talked for about 30 seconds in a normal volume as if they weren’t, you know, in the middle of a class. The teacher and other students completely ignored them and class went on seemingly uninterrupted.
We headed to Country Club Plaza, which is a gorgeous copy of Seville, Spain. Literally. J.C. Nichols, the developer, loved Seville and wanted it a bit closer than Spain.
Your a disgrace
part and you're left with a short dowel
Time: 10:00 am to 4:00 pm
Hayes pointed out that the original ‘problem that had no name’ was as much spiritual as economic: a malaise that overtook middle-class housewives trapped in a life of schlepping and shopping. A generation and many lawsuits later, some women found meaning and power through paid employment. Others merely found a new source of alienation. What to do? The wages of housewifery had not changed–an increased risk of depression, a niggling purposelessness, economic dependence on your husband–only now, bearing them was considered a ‘choice’: if you felt stuck, it was your own fault…
2. The Town (Narration)
Inside, the atmosphere is modern meets gymnasium. The loud ’90s music encourages conversation that would otherwise echo off the walls for all to hear.
Til next year!
Barry: (one foot on the boat and one in the dinghy, which is drifting away from the boat) Whaaaaaaaa!
So lately the thought of dating has slightly crossed my mind. I know I had said I was going on a man moratorium but I think it may be something about these cold lonely nights. Or maybe it's the holidays. Either way it sure is making me miss someone to cuddle with on the couch under a warm blanket. Someone I can watch movies with on Saturday nights. Someone to kiss me goodnight*.
i will fertilize.
The modern Russian meal starts with zakuska, Russian for small plates, each an exquisite balance of lush and light. Start with Herring Under a Fur Coat, a beet-blushed tower of herring, carrots, potatoes and egg. An updated Olivier, a creation of Lucien Olivier of the 1860 French-influenced Hermitage in the center of Moscow, is a comfort-chic mélange of carrot, pickles, potato, and sausage, done decadently in mayonnaise. Gravlax, house-cured with beets, is a striking red, and melts away under a drizzle of dill aioli.
I’ve spent many years in those cloudy days and looking back, they killed so much of who I was. They made me think I shouldn’t do anything. They got me to just be lazy and selfish. They got me to do one thing I hate more then anything else: give up.
Yes, that's right, one member of the 15 member ruling committee of Unison decided that the image was racist.
Well but we have also spent time learning some things.. I really have learned alot.. I had problems with topping from the bottom i suppose. It wasn't on purpose but I felt that he let to much stuff go. Then once I realized that everything isn't a spankable offense and I needed to trust him.. Once I realized it isn't my way but his and trust him then its going alot smoother. I think now we have finally hit a spot where we have had a great learning curve.. However I know that there are lot more learning curves to go.. This one learning curve just gave us a few more feet..
To make up for all the boring reading above and window hopping work for those of you who will continue to walk along with me on this crazy journey~ I give you THE CUTE.
You will never – nor should you ever – have to shoulder full responsibility for another person’s choices or actions. So when those things you cannot control begin to impact performance, you need to be prepared to approach the issues with sensitivity, empathy, and firmness.
What do I love most? His cheek. He’ll insult anyone, even me, and sometimes it takes a while to realise he’s done it. It’s got him into all kinds of trouble, but there’s a kind of reckless bravado about it that echoes the way he fights.
Now, before I left for the cruise I had two missing hub caps. While I was gone, my parents kindly replaced them for me, so when I looked down to see no hub cap my hear dropped. How did this happen? I couldn’t remember hitting any curbs lately. I was baffled…until I looked at the body of the car and realized it wasn’t mine! My car was parked next to this car, and they were both a similar color (and it was dark!). I was sooo relieved that I had not lost a hub cap. What a dramatic way to start the morning!
5. Test-mail an RSVP post card to ensure it would return. Success!
DUH !! …..They got reinvented ,like in all the other series that came before “The Bay Curse ” – Beast Wars ,Beast Machines , Robots in Disguise ,Armada ,Energon, and Cybertron . They needed a new look and probably one of the DEMANDS of Hasbro .
The book is available in newsagents and book stores for $24.95.
Just a quick note on it. Since it was OMGLOLWHT hot today as well as threatening to rain, I decided to spend the day cleaning cosmoline off the parts.
There are two beaches on the island, one facing west and the other facing the south east, with a total of over 800 feet of white powder soft sand. The island also lends itself to the potential of development. Sandy Cay provides an ideal opportunity for an exclusive private boutique resort as there is ample room on the island for further development.
Attention span...
“We get those seeds loaded, we’ll get us sumthin’ to eat and we’ll come back and bunk down at the feed house. There ain’t no need in us spending money on a motel tonight. Hell, the rats will probably be bigger than the motel rats but at least they won’t be hungry, being they will be fattened up on the spilt feed.” Billy Ray knew the “rat” part was for comic relief and he anted up with an honest laugh.
Today is day 0. Record the date/day on calendar. Sprinkle 1 Tbsp of the sugar over the warm water. Sprinkle yeast over this and let stand in warm place to double in size. (approx. 10 min.)
Blue (12): Anna's game "Places of Power."
Its blandness of name and design convey that it is an apolitical structure. Its only ambition is to embody a post-American bigness made possible by a large antenna. Its unexceptional nature is an antidote to the American exceptionalism sparked after the September 11 massacre. Much like welcoming in a mosque near Ground Zero or incorporating Islamic elements into the Flight 93 Memorial, it says that there is nothing especially American here.
The former was born with negative VR, while the latter was born with positive VR. The former lives through hardship, while the latter grows up with facilities. Isn’t that just unfair? How do ECL explains that?
When the timer goes off, remove from the oven and brush with the butter mixture.
Tuesday to Thursday 17:00 to 01:00
Luckily today I was informed it was not an ectopic pregnancy and was indeed a cyst, but it looked as thought it was on it's way down and is in no danger of rupturing. Whew. No word on why the pain is radiating up throughout my ribs...but at least I can relax about any imminent danger to my future baby making possibilities!
I decided to embellish with buttons and pearls for a change from flowers and the lovely ribbon was a freebie I think.
Between You and NNO
Momma asked me to create some unique polymer clay buttons to adorn her creations, and I am so glad she did. The majority of the buttons I created this weekend will be attached to her crocheted items, but I will be offereing some in the shop, and as soon as another shipment of clay arrives, I'll be making more for us both. I am already thinking of new ways to use smaller buttons, so it will be Buttonmania at my house for awhile to come.
7. "Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything he learned in school." Albert Einstein
Joining the following parties
Thank goodness we were run off our feet today being busy, because I didn't have time to think about it.
Spent the afternoon with Little Bit. She wore me out. I'll tell you about it in the morning if I have time. Now, I believe I'll listen to my old radio for a while then hit the sack and try and find dreamland.
Step one: Get a bra that fits! Now I’m talking about one that makes your puppies perky. I feel like half the women who get boob jobs, don’t have a proper bra that fits. Helloooo you want to make your boobs look bigger… Get a push up bra! Go to Nordstroms and buy 50 new fun bras, rather than spending $50,000 on a new pair of boobs. (Just my opinon) Your boobs ARE good enough. Your bra just sucks! The point is go to the bra section, and get fitted. You will be surprised how much lifting your boobs up, makes a difference. It not only makes you look good, it also improves your posture as well.
That's all for now! Until next time...
I debated going to the barn at all since I had a midterm and a video project due today (which of course I saved till the last minute because I don't know how to make videos...makes perfect sense, I know). I had to stay up till 1am to finish that, and I woke up at 6am...and then 6:15 am...and then 7 am to go over my study guide and run through my flash cards for a few hours before my 10am exam. To top it off, I had a sick, feverish boyfriend to look after, although he very sweetly made one of my favorite dinners for me--scalloped potatoes and breaded chicken. It's so good to eat something hearty when the wind sounds like it's about going to tear the house down.
In respect of NAMA, we learned that Maybourne petitioned NAMA in June 2010 not to take over the GBP 660m of loans which NAMA ultimately did take over anyway – it should be remembered that Paddy McKillen’s success at the Supreme Court in Ireland last year meant that only a portion of his loans remained outside NAMA, other loans which were to the Maybourne group did in fact go into NAMA. NAMA was willing to refinance the GBP 660m of loans which it acquired for two years but only if there was a stable shareholding arrangement in Maybourne which there wasn’t in January 2011 with the Barclays now on the scene having acquired 28% of the group and emerging tensions between Paddy and the Barclays. It seems that NAMA gave up on the notion of refinancing the loans in February 2011, and went into sales mode thereafter.
What’s happened since June 26th? Well. A lot. And yet,
This misses the point that human innovation is driven by human desire to solve a specific problem. Often these boil down to age-old problems like, how do we get around? (The Travel Problem) How can we talk to each other over distances? (The Communication Problem) How can we swap information and ideas? How can we stay warm? How can we find water and food? Etc ad infinitum.
“Fine. Ask away.”
A bonus occurred while in pursuit of knowledge about cooking, in that it inadvertently slopped over (sorry) into other facets of her education. The fact has concerned me that hovering on the precipice of high school next year parts of her education seem to be incomplete for approaching this level, and even more shocking, she is not the only one. Is it just me or is our educational system falling down like a drunken sailor in an alley? They seem to have no need to tell time in the conventional sense, as every device provides it digitally. Also, they seem to view math as a completely unnecessary skill unless aspiring to be a CPA or mathematician, a point of view to which I’ve interjected some thoughts from an opposing side of the coin as often as possible without shifting into lecture mode.
Nokia Xpress audio messaging
By that time, Don had convinced me that my Catholic belief was just that....a belief and he taught me about Indian ways, crystals, and new age stuff.
- The randomly selected winner of this challenge will receive two (or three*) digital images of their choice from the store. (* If the winner chooses to join us as a guest for our next challenge, they get to choose a third image).
Put all the nuts in a bowl. You could roughly chop but I like my nuts whole. I bashed just a few.
This is the way Jesus Christ defeated the world, by dying on the cross, with the agreement of the Father and the Holy Spirit. When we die to ourselves, we also are able to function in more faith, especially in the areas of the grace given to us, we gain more faith, authority has always been given to us because of Jesus Christ, but we have more ability to fight the Devil when we die to our own selves.
Bordenkircher expressed concern that some of the legislative ideas being considered by the General Assembly could be “very hurtful” to retired teachers and educators who are still working.
To my dismay as a Latina writer, there hasn’t been a huge outcry about the Arizona ban, certainly nothing akin to the furor we saw when school districts tried to ban Harry Potter novels a number of years back.
Last week I hosted my annual Ornament Swap and I was in a tizzy to get the house perfect. I have about 14 items that I need to get framed. Its pathetic. Jazz Fest Posters, Mardi Gras Posters, Maps we bought on trips, watercolors from Provence...its insane. I also have these hideous Brass framed prints that I grabbed from my parents' attic. I took the Brass frames to my favorite frame shop and asked how much it would cost to replace the old art with some newer art...she said maybe $30 each..not bad right?! When M when to pick them up for me Saturday she said no charge. She told M that she knew I wanted the house perfect and this one little thing could help.
in its. .... (p. 21)
Ten years have passed. The time has come for Karasu to leave the mystic’s protective lair and face his demons in the world beyond. But the fiend that haunts his nightmares is also the one that shattered his life. More than a bad dream, it wants him dead.
So why haven’t union leaders or their political allies condemned this type of behavior?
Be gentle with yourself and your children.
where we talk without words
"I really don't know where it comes from; no one has talked to me about it. I will therefore reserve my comment," he said.
learned very early in my time in Norway! But still heartbreaking every
Creative Best,
He concludes that the reason Farnham hops get the best price is due to "the name of Farnham hops" (9) i.e. the brand value.
Okay, so apparently "stretch" involves throwing a switchblade at the floor, then making your opponent "stretch" to grab it without falling. Sounds like a Redneck Olympic event. The captain of the ferry watches the "game" for a second or two, then turns his attention to Nikki, who appears to be undressing. Hubba, this chick is pretty attractive. A ferry-mate(that doesn't look or sound right, but I'll be damned if I can think of the correct term for him...) is watching the show, as is Hal, the preppy douchebag.
What ends up happening is that I only update you on a few select big things, and little things often fall through the cracks. And since the last time I tied up loose ends on the blog was February, I figured an update is probably about due.
I will post excerpts from the book on a more or less regular basis on this blog… at least if you see it you will be forewarned…
These difficult seasons will come and your skills as a leader are defined during these difficult times. Have you ever witnessed great leadership during difficult times? What did the leader do? How did that leader navigate the situation?
I made an outer cover by printing 2 co-ordinating designs one on one side and the other on the reverse by feeding it back into my printer. These were ' direction non-specific' which means they are neither meant to be portrait or lanscape - but can be used either way (I've made that term up by the way). this was then folded into A5 portrait, pockets made with contrasting paper then labelled. Using the templates, made envelopes and notelets, trimmed these and made them up to put in the pockets. Decorated the front of the cover with rolled roses of the same design, using labels 15, I die cut, mat and layered the two DP's up then used the text writer in co-ordinating colour to read 'my little stationery set'. Finished off with corners on the outside and inside.
I look forward to seeing each of you at Monday’s Board meeting!
Last year for Mr. W's birthday, I bought him a guide to wine-making and promised that once he had chosen the best kit, I'd pay for part of it and/or the grape juice so he could finally give home wine-making a whirl. For my birthday, he bought me a toilet. But that's another story.
The Black Ops campaign had me hooked from the moment I started playing it. Where it succeeds is in changing up the game play and environments and keeping it fresh. As a gamer, I have played many games over the years and many of them get repetitive and really boring, especially in war and shooter type games.
Ah. The Harvard thing again. Yep, if they have lousy penmanship at age four or we get them in the wrong kindergarten, they're doomed. Probably I've already doomed my kid by serving him sharp cheddar instead of mild cheddar.
At the restaurant she had removed the retainer and instead of doing the sensible (and more tasteful) thing of maybe wrapping it and putting it in a handbag, she had left it on the table.
My entire body vibrates with fear. My hands shake. My stomach is visibly quivering. The skin around my mouth twitches. Small electrical discharges move the long smooth muscles of my thighs and arms without my consent. The first time this happened to me, years ago, I thought I had MS, or Parkinsons, the disease my Grandmother Elizabeth died of. My face goes numb in patches; a large stretch of skin across my calves burns hot, then freezing cold. My eyes burn, my vision blurs, the tips of my fingers sear with pain. My stomach is coiled into a tiny hard pit stinking with the fumes of fear: cortisol and adrenaline pump like oil rigs day and night. I cannot eat. I make myself eat for the baby, the breastmilk. I cannot sleep. I make myself sleep for the baby, the children. I have to use the bathroom a hundred times a day, shitting out the contractions of my gut. At times the terror overwhelms me so that I grip the closest table or counter or thing, just anything solid and stronger than I am, something to hold onto while the wave crashes across me. I breathe. I pray. I use every single piece of knowledge and wisdom I have ever been taught to make it through the day and the night and then again. I wake in the morning, freezing cold every inch, and do what Mr. Curry reminds me every day. Take care of the children. Don't think about yourself. Think about them. And it is the thing that keeps me from flying into a million shattered fragments.
After a quick cup of tea, Mrs Tootlepedal and I set out in the car for the wood which we visited with Mike Tinker last week in the hope of seeing a good show of bluebells. The wood was looking very fine, we thought.
God blessed me, blesses me, and will continue to bless me. Even if pouring out to others almost kills us, it’s what we’re called to do! And with joy, at that!
Check them out!! I promise they have something for everyone!
big changes.
Nate: Nope. That's not what it is.
Our imagination is ours, and under our control. We can interpret our sensory experience in different ways when we imagine different meanings to it. I found the party of young men a little threatening until I was able to reimagine it from another perspective. In that other perspective, the forest is commonplace, and part of the public space people have available for their use. In that other perspective, a party out in the forest is safe: people can enjoy themselves freely and then camp overnight rather than trying to drive home.
The future is now, now is the future, it’s 2011 it’s 1968 it’s 1929 it’s 1991 it’s 1847 and it’s December 21 2012 forever and never. Welcome to the future, it looks a hell of a lot like the past. As the great punk-poet Steve Miller once intoned, “Time keeps on slippin’ slippin’ slippin’…….” and we have all slid past home plate straight into the gaping maw of an uncertain future; even the great foundations of power being shaken, if ever so slightly, but all earthquakes must begin with the tiniest of cracks, an infinitesimal hairline preceding the thunderous BOOM! of sudden, violent change. And then there’s the United States. Crying in our beer like someone just ran over the dog, but we know it’s our damn fault, so what are we gonna do to reverse it? I don’t know about you, chief, but I’m gonna kick off my boots, pop a squat on this ol’ rockin’ chair, maybe slowly swirl some whiskey around a fine-cut glass, feigning civility; and most certainly spark up a jazz cigarette, whilst whiling away the hours/days/months/years; no company but an armful of (mostly) rock n’ roll records. Now that sounds just fine, you say. Don’t worry, all of these records sound great with your head beneath the sand………
In conservatism, we see the “smart idiot” effect, in which the more educated the conservative, the more wrong he is. The more educated conservatives have been exposed to more things that contradict conservatism, so they have many more facts to deny.
Kiitos jälleen kommenteista!
That, when a fool's eye lighteth on a gem,
All this is said because I want to send out a little support to those of you who see people posting that they are doing great or have 26 ideas or whatever fabulous picture book idea happening and perhaps feel a little bad. It's great, don't get me wrong. But it's also okay to not have had an idea yet. Sometimes we are just tired, or trying too hard, or just plain and simple haven't had an idea! Some days are like that. Some weeks are even like that.
We took Oscar to the amusement arcade yesterday. This was after ruling out his first choice, which was "Somerfield". On the way in the car I asked him what he'd been doing at his little pre-school class. He touched a little bruise on his cheek and said: "Oscar fell over". I asked him what he'd been doing when he fell. "Running." I persevered - what had he been playing with when he was running: "a chain saw". "A CHAIN SAW?" "No," he said giving his answer syllable by syllable for his silly grandma, "a DIN - O - SAUR". After a couple of seconds thought he added: "what is a chain saw?" I changed the subject.
It can be a bit over the top, but that's where all the technique goes. It's definitely tolerable here, and that may not be the case for the rest of the album for many of you.
But onwards we go and with Mother's day comes wracking our brains for the perfect gift for the awesome women that carried us for 10 months and birthed us and raised us. Gosh a mere gift seems so not enough. But now that I myself am a proud Mama of two I have some pretty good ideas. Okay so these are gifts that I would LOVE!
Shakalakaboomboom was purchased by Mr & Mrs A Crow on behalf of Netherset Stud at the 2004 Tattersalls Ireland November sales for 10,000 euros, before being sold onto to Highflyer Bloodstock on behalf of Liam Breslin at the 2008 DBS May Sale for £20,000. He was sent into training with Lambourn handler Nicky Henderson, but didn’t make the most encouraging start to his racing career when 12th of 14 at Uttoxeter in June, 2009. However, he improved for that experience and put in a far more promising effort at Taunton in December, going down by two and a half lengths. He made his debut over hurdles at Ffos Las in February,
without a love of my own
Then step into the arena with a resolve to never step away.
*You can either use the liquid in the canned beans or not. Using it gives the option to cook down/reduce the stew if wanted. This is a thick stew.
Downy Save $.50/1 fabric softener liquid or sheets (5/11) ETS
On the floor of the ancient structure, the diggers discovered an ancient Hebrew seal from the late First Temple period. It is made of semiprecious stone and bears the name of the owner of the seal: “To Matanyahu Son of Ho…” (the rest of the name is not legible).
What is Mike’s favorite TV show?
On the legislative front, Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro (D-CT) and Congressman Henry Johnson (D-GA) have introduced a bill that would, with limited exceptions, prohibit employers and employment agencies from screening out applicants or otherwise denying employment to people just because they’re unemployed.
Less than 10 percent of Duke’s full-time faculty members attended an emergency meeting of the Academic Council, allowing the lacrosse team’s most extreme critics—who appeared in full force—to dominate the affair. To give a sense of the meeting’s tone, Paul Haagen (“helmet sports”) was among the gathering’s most moderate faculty voices. And, in fairness to Brodhead, administrators, especially Executive Vice President Tallman Trask, cautioned against precipitous action at the meeting. No administrator, however, proved willing to confront the faculty extremists.
"That's what all art's about - a sense of moving away from
I don’t have any real complaints.
I am a huge coffee lover, but I always have to have a little added flavor to my coffee, so I was very eager to review DaVinci Gourmet Syrups in four palette satisfying flavors. DaVinci Gourmet offers flavored syrups, and gourmet sauces in a wide assortment of delicious flavors. They excel in the quality of their products by bringing you the freshest, most superior tasting syrups and sauces available. For more than an entire decade they have been providing coffee with added flavor to make the most out of your coffee.
It's a bit like one of those war games. Each player has banks of soldiers to send into battle, with little room for individualists. They clash, blood is spilt, and usually, due to strength of numbers, one emerges victorious.
Demand for meat, diary products and eggs is set to rise with particular demands coming from China. There will also be a corresponding demand for feed and in particular proteins. At the moment there is also a rising demand for vegetable oils which means that the residue left over from oil production i.e. if we look at Soybeans, which is called “soybean meal” or soybean oil cake” can be used in animal feed.
Good evening everyone:
Each year Thomas Jefferson University Hospital hosts Earth Day events – and this years events spanning over two days! The events will kick off on April 18, 2012 with a film screening of Go Ganges! followed by Q&A with producer J.J. Kelley.
Over the last two weeks, preparatory to some new work and some big meetings, I've spent more time with planners than is clinically-proven to be safe and healthy. I've heard about TED and SXSW until pontification is pouring from my pupik.* As Popeye would intone just prior to opening a can of spinach with his pipe: "I've had all I can stands and I can'ts stands no more."
Here are the fabulous creations from the team:
After meeting the buyer, an emotional Sammons said it was hard for him to grasp the irony of the situation.
D- An actor in that class will take 50% of the normal damage when attacked with the selected element.
Of our 8 breeds that we chose (2 each of Americauna, Ancona, Silver Laced Wyandotte, Speckled Sussex, Buff Orpington, Black Australorp, Barred Rock, and Rhode Island Red), only 2 have had deaths - an Americauna and an Ancona have died. The chickens are all in together, which right now means that our 3 remaining meat chickens are in with the layers. In the future, we'll never ever do this again unless we absolutely have no other choice. Those meat chickens are MEAN and really aggressive! When either my husband or I goes in to feed the birds, the meat chickens are the only birds who come right up and attack us for the food or water dish we are bringing in. The layers come up to us too, but have never pecked at us. I think the 2 dead layers got trampled by the meat chickens. Its hard to tell from a trampled chicken body what the cause of death was of course, but that's what I suspect.
Stand Out Dream Sequence: The Tramp and the kid are living through harsh times, they are really poor, but they are really happy. Still, The Tramp wishes he could give more to the kid, so he dreams up this sequence in which every one is an angel (even the cops!) and The Tramp and the kid fly around town happily, not a tear in sight!
However, thinking about it, that conversation has probably never taken place. More likely it would go:
Second Mum has been the only one who has broken this fear and I’m happy for her to touch me. But it was only through walking me through the hugging process that this happened. Here’s how it would go…
We had breakfast (buffet) in a cafe.
There is so much to say
Also, the Chocolate Shake is very smooth and “chocolate”. It tastes very like hot chocolate but cold. I could finished the whole shake if I wasn’t shivering in the winter =p
...All I want to do is something creative. It's like the annoying mosquito bite on my ankle - an itch that just won't stop. I've made heaps of jewellery, but I'm looking forward to a point in time when writing gets less hectic so that I can wrap some presents, make some cards and do some general "prettifying". I also need to do a little sewing and baking. If I can just hold out a bit longer!
Eventually, I ended up in a New York City ER with a severe panic attack and the staff there suggested that I see a psychiatrist that evening. I saw him a couple of times before he said “has anyone ever suggested to you that you might be bipolar?” No, they hadn’t. He put me on the medication I still take now, and while it took a couple of weeks to work, it was a godsend, I thought, “So this is what normal people feel like!” The urge to drink went away and I was able to function at a level I never thought possible; I did better in my career, took writing classes, had some successful relationhips and developed interests and hobbies. I eventually tried other medications but they caused unpleasant side effects, or too much weight gain (the medication I take does cause weight gain but I deal with it) so I went back to the original one plus a couple of others. I began attending Mood Disorder support groups and reading and learning about my illness. Along the way, I was able to help others newly diagnosed with the illness find their path through this frightening labyrinth.
Holy Apostles, you saw our Risen Jesus in all his glory. He said to you on the evening of that great Sunday: Peace be to you! He appeared to you during the forty days following, that he might make you certain of his Resurrection. Great indeed must have been your joy at seeing once more that dear Master, who had admitted you into the number of his chose Twelve; and his return made your love of him more than ever fervent. We address ourselves to you as our special patrons during this holy season, and most earnestly do we beseech you to teach us how to know and love the great mystery of our Lord’s Resurrection. May our hearts glow with Paschal joy, and may we never lose the new life that our Jesus has now given unto us.
The challenge and triumph of diversity allows to you to see objectively. You’re able to measure who you are and what you think against something different. And while you may not always agree, at least the experience of meeting someone who looks, speaks, or thinks differently than you has opened you up some. It makes clear that how you do it, and how it’s always been done isn’t the only way to do it, nor is it always the right way.
After a few days I thought: “Wow, this is hard…in a good way…and everyone is awesome; maybe I could stick with this for a while after all since there’s a good chance it will lead to the opportunity I really want.”
In better news Farmers has Orly in sale for buy one get one free. And OPI is buy 2 get one free.
of primavera
M said it. The reason we seek distraction in the crunch time is denial. Trying to deny that we really need to do this.
Bennett: The DTFH Fest was a really cool experience. It was awesome to share the stage with some our friends who are also in bands, like the guys from Hold Tight! I think the greatest part of the whole thing was just seeing what is basically started as an online DIY community come together for a weekend. All for the sake of kick-ass music and fun hangs. I did get a chance to catch a few bands while I was there. I got to see Spraynard for the first time, and they fucking killed it! Our friends in Hold Tight(free download) played a real killer set as well. Got to meet some friendly Canadians in a band called Brutal Youth who drove 16 hours from Canada to play the show! NOW THAT IS COMMITMENT!
End of Whatever It Is Festival - October 2, 1966
But now on to the shoes! or more like shoe spats or what ever they are! I was on the waiting list in miu miu and finally got the call that they are in! the heels from the show was a bit too low for me so it's perfect that you can customise your own heels with these!! next I need to try them with pointy pumps.. I'm in loooooove, I'll get some better pics of them soon.. (they deserve a proper ''shoot'' haha)
Cubesville #11, the George Orwell Special is hot off the press
I don't require these words from my children or anyone else for that matter, because I think forced politeness is not polite at all. And before anyone says my kids must be rude and thoughtless, let me assure you that my kids (at ages 2 and 4) express genuine gratitude and appreciation toward me, each other, and other people every day, without being forced.
Stephanie J Block as Fantine for a duet with Lea in I Dreamed A Dream. I've never seen a standing ovation so forceful as the one given at the end of that song. And it was beyond well deserved! Lea and Stephanie smashed it!
Son: Well, dad, while Tony Blair is screwing the Working Class, Gordon Brown is sound asleep, the People are being completely ignored and the Future is full of shit.
AT&T—You're the middle seat on an airplane. By the way, JetBlue currently buys long, skinny planes to eventually phase out the middle seat.
“We’d better leave, then, I suppose,” Kathy whispered. “They’ll take good care of you, Hannah. I’ll come back tomorrow first thing.”
Experience:
Commissioner for visible policing at the SAPS, Joel Mothiba, said: “We really don’t have control of the environment (firearm controls) … we must point out that we do not have a system.”
Inattention
On the positive note, I think the slides were quite effective and sounded good for the style of music we were playing even though they were not included in the original recording.
The free gift of God is no different. God has extended his grace as a free gift to all who will receive it. We must receive it by extending our hands of faith. Just as no one would say the child who extends his hands to receive a gift has somehow earned it, we should not think that by receiving the gift of God through faith that we have somehow merited our reward.
My mom is hysterical - She loves all things sparkly, all things fab-u-lous. She wears sparkly clothes, loves sparkly jewelry and decorates her home with the same affection for sparkle and flare. (But note, she is NOT a girly-girl. My lack of a girly-girl gene was passed down from my mother...)
3. Roz showing family photos and talking about the influence and strength of her “mum”. As I was celebrating the evening with my mother, this made for a much more of an impacting night.
I will never give up on MY Family...
ALSO....mark your calendars.............Bella Creations is having a Chrismas Cinema Crop Dec 2nd, 3rd, and 4th starting at 6 pm Est time on the 2nd. This will be a fun filled weekend with lots of games and challenges that the DT members have been brain storming on.......you are not going to want to miss it!
And then there’s the massive costs of all of the Obama regulations – many of which Obama simply rammed down our throats by executive act of tyranny. Here are some of the facts on that front about the massive hidden tax of Obama’s regulations:
I used to participate in Mama Kat's Writer's Workshop...when I was blogging regularly. I still read the emails that let me know about the prompts ahead of time and one caught my eye this week.
-cilantro
I'm disappointed and appalled at the behavior of these kids.
* "Battle of the Tablets hits the UK - Samsung seeks declaration of non-infringement of Apple Registered Community Design", here. Guest Kat Darren explains that this battle of the Titans is just the hors-d'oeuvres.
All my sorrows are calling out to him
It's their first line of defense.
Though I think there’s some risk inherent in pitting such completely different shows against each other (even if they’re on the same network), this deconstruction of the representation of women in “Game of Thrones” and “Girls” is great. In particular, the point about SFF being way ahead of modern, “realistic” portrayals of women is important, given that defenses of “Girls” so often center on how great it supposedly is for advancing the cause of women in media.
Weeeeeell... I promised GEO Nudy Gray review first, but my sister showed up with her pink lens... sooooo.... younger sister guest appearance!!!!!!!! v(^_^*) Here come MAX PURE PINK circle lens review!
Red chills - 2
Another tweet made reference to the fact that Dixons and Currys have been emptied whilst Waterstones retains a full inventory. Waterstones would have been the first place I'd have competed in Urban Supermarket Sweep!
How am I to know what country I am in if I am not told?
Chelsea, she replied, attends a local high school but is barely eating, not speaking much and failing two classes. The mom said she’d heard Chelsea say to a friend that she wished she could see Hunter Hayes, a 20-year-old singer, at the NorVa next month. Just a wistful wish. Not a request. I filed it away as far easier than getting them a place to stay. Which would turn out to be accurate.
But for him it’s been one of those lives.”
While most of the netizens said, “It is just because of the angle that she was taken in the MV.”
She materialized beside me and planted herself to intercept my ‘attacker’. Before I could even think to call her off, Dash leaped. And they scrapped. And of course by ‘scrapped’ I mean Dash tried to bite through Chase’s dense neck fur while Chase growled, looked bewildered and snapped at nothing.
Everyone went their own way once we got up there to see the view. I sat there alone just watching the cars and the city buzz below us. For a moment there was this peaceful quiet as I sat there and watched the world below. I didn't hear anyone around me and for a moment I wasn't busy running around crazy and not paying good attention to what was going on around me. It made me realize that I don't have to be fast paced. I need to slow down and pay attention to what is going on around me.
Release date: March 20, 2012
Jamie: Yea, hang on. (Jamie dials my number)
The Afghans don’t like any foreigners telling them what to do, and a large part of their obscure, complex tribal culture has to do with their young men learning to use guns and any other weapons available before they would be ready to shave (if, that is, they shaved, which they
As the movie nears its end, it is approaching Midnight on Christmas Eve, and something happens to each character--a small, every-day miracle--to ease their burden and give them a glimmer of hope.
Apple has just opened iCloud to OS X Lion 10.7.2 and iOS 5 users. What about Snow Leopard users? For those who own any Macs with 64-bit capable processors (Core 2 Duo or newer) should upgrade to OS X Lion before moving their MobileMe account to iCloud.
I know my bank account is almost empty (I’m looking at you, Potential Summer Job: please replenish my funds). And yet I really can’t help myself. Especially when I get deals like this delivered straight to my Inbox, which is open whenever my browser is open. And that’s open whenever my computer’s on. And that’s whenever I’m home and not sleeping. In fact, I keep my computer on when I’m out and when I’m sleeping sometimes – it’s terrible for my decade-old laptop, I know that already too.
It will cost as much as $3 billion to finance a credible assault on near Earth asteroids, in search of $trillions of dollars worth of space minerals, such as platinum, according to this PDF white paper from the Keck Institute, CIT, and JPL. And as mentioned here recently, it looks as if a group of private investors with sufficient clout is prepared to do what the US government space agency NASA has never considered doing -- making space exploration and development an enterprise that can pay for itself.A group of wealthy, adventurous entrepreneurs will announce on Apr. 24 a new venture called Planetary Resources, Inc., which plans to send swarms of robots to space to scout asteroids for precious metals and set up mines to bring resources back to Earth, in the process adding trillions of dollars to the global GDP, helping ensure humanity’s prosperity and paving the way for the human settlement of space.
DaVinci Gourmet KAHLUA Flavored Sugar Free Syrup - I am a big fan of KAHLUA so once again I had a feeling I was going to like this one as well and turns out my feeling couldn't have been more right! I got creative with this one and decided to add some to my chocolate cake mix! The cake turned out so good, that I will certainly be making it again soon.
I absolutely LOVED the lighting during this shoot. We were cutting it really close with the sun setting but we got AWESOME light. I barely had to edit some of these. :) The ground was a different matter. It had snowed earlier that day (shocking I know since we've hardly had any snow!) Our shoes were pretty muddy when we were done.
I grew up on the outskirts of Kansas City, MO, about five miles from the Kansas/Missouri border; less than that as the crow flies, or if you'd wanted to swim across the (huge and log-swollen) Kansas River.
An unschooling friend requested an explanation of our boat's name. Here's the story:
A colleague of mine here once suggested that couples not be allowed to make divorce or financial agreements without both sides being represented, which, I believe, is the case in some US jurisdictions (I’m happy to have any lawyers from the States reading this set the record straight if I’m wrong).
Why? Laminitis is a slow death and insanely painful as their hooves literally rot off, think of how a finger nail feels when it is ripped and bleeds, painful.
this happen!
As when a forest catches fire,
Here are some easy tips to getting/keeping a home office organized, and easy to maintain for the whole year!
Put some spice back in your quilting life with hundreds of positions based upon your favorite quilting blocks! Start with the Bow Tie, then try the Churn Dash. Work your way up to more advanced positions such as Irish Chain and Road to California. And now you can share your progress on Twitter and Facebook!
Sometime after the beginning of the pull, the other arm begins its recovery. The recovery moves the elbow in a semicircle in a vertical plane in the swimming direction. The lower arm and the hand are completely relaxed and hang down from the elbow close to the water surface and close to the swimmer’s body. The beginning of the recovery looks similar to pulling the hand out of the back pocket of a pair of pants, with the small finger upwards. Further into the recovery phase, the hand movement has been compared to pulling up a center zip on a wetsuit. The recovering hand moves forward, with the fingers trailing downward, just above the surface of the water. In the middle of the recovery one shoulder is rotated forward into the air while the other is pointing backwards to avoid drag due to the large frontal area which at this specific time is not covered by the arm. To rotate the shoulder, some twist their torso while others also rotate everything down to their feet.
We awoke early Thursday morning, packed up our small bags, and headed out on the metro to Gare du Nord to catch a train to Amsterdam. I don’t have many specific memories (or photos) from the early morning. We arrived at the station in good time, and ate breakfast looking out over the street. I had (… can you guess yet?) a croissant and a hot chocolate, of the normal, non-pudding sort. John had a croissant and a coffee. It was refreshing and tasty, although unable to touch the previous morning’s pastries from Gerard Mulot.
So as you may have noticed, between writing the background and being sick, I didn’t fill out week 1 until today so here is my summary. =)
It's that time of the year again. That means it's time for another party at my house tonight. I wonder what kind of stories I will have tomorrow. I always have something to share the next day.
On our way out, I gave myself a shoulder pat for staying calm and having managed to smile despite all the foul language he had thrown at me. At us, the locals. Then a face-palm for saying ‘thank you’ as a response to his ‘fart you’. I mean, Addie, thank and you? Really?
I have just watched a documentary on the new trends among some teenage circles. Have I aged that much and am I just another old retrograde fool, or has society lost its mind and heading back to dark ages ? I sure don’t want to sound like a bird of ill omen. I am no puritan and I think I am rather tolerant but when some young people get this sick idea that fun is to get soaked, stoned and sex until they drop, I feel like something in this world is beyond my grasp.
This is magic defined… illusion and subterfuge. Nothing more.
He yelled at them, and told me, “Monica, get inside.”
By comparison, elsewhere, Northumberland County Council charges £2.55 for a hot meal and pudding, Newcastle City Council charges those who qualify £2.50 a meal and Gateshead Council offer the service for £3 per day.
That's it? And here I thought I could not dislike this guy anymore after reading the Washington Post article.
….American manufacturers today are about the most productive in the world. In the Wall Street Journal’s “The Truth About U.S. Manufacturing” we learn that Ameican factory workers are producing triple the output of 1972. The use of ever more sophisticated equipment, often with digital controls, and a higher trained workforce has made it possible to make more and more stuff with less and less labor. While considerable manufacturing has gone offshore, it is not because our workers are competitively unproductive. To the contrary, productivity is amongst the highest in the world!
you see i am going through a an ugly, painful divorce right now. the man that didn't support me through any of my depression and anxiety and none of my postpartum depression and postpartum anxiety, is also a verbally abusive man.
I know, I know, I missed Valentine's Day so why the look backwards?
Mr Dong proposed the ICA should change the criteria for prospective immigrants:
The graph is limited by my weakness as a topographer, the nebulous nature of the thoughts and the fact that it is wholly comparative. That is all it can ever be, but we as conscious beings do not need to be limited by my ability to create a graph. In essence it serves a leaping off point of 3D view of your own thoughts and therefore an outsiders view. Thinking of our thoughts and emotions not as objects but as ourselves, is an act of instinctual vanity. If you can pull and strain and stretch beyond this grip, our powers as masters grow.
Given the choice between Rotary and Linear, Zander sums up the decision well “I would at the current stage of damper technology development prefer Linear dampers over Rotary ones. The friction can be controlled in a better way and problems like cavitation are well understood and do not cause any issues in contemporary Linear damper designs. Also the flexibility with Linear damper designs is much wider, considering systems like: frequency depending damping, high & low speed damping, drop off characteristics (blow by valves, pressure relief valves)”.
“I don’t know what he smells like,” I said, “but it seems to bring out the female gorilla in women.”
I left it in the studio for like five minutes and some fucker swiped it.
"Okay," he whispered back. He then turned and left.
