Now, why didn't I come up with this? I would snap these up in a second if they weren't twenty dollars each.
But it’s really really true.
But I have never had the articulation of Gloria Steinem. Nor the rhetoric. Nor the ability to sustain relationships. I have this broken thing deep down.
In the lead up to their release, the Whimsy DT and Special Guests are excited to share with you 2 days packed full of previews of these gorgeous stamps.
I went to a mid-July barbecue after work last night, that most languid and familiar celebration of the heat and length of days. People had brought an equally familiar range of beers along: Deschutes Mirror Pond, Full Sail Session, Sierra Nevada Pale. There were even a few Private Reserves floating around. These are all good beers (even the Hanks, in which the sweet flavor of nostalgia overwhelms the more insipid qualities of the lager), and compared to what you'd have found a generation ago on back porches, we certainly have nothing to complain about.
Into yourself and forget yourself
I am currently reading Elizabeth Elliott's A Chance to Die The Life and Legacy of Amy Carmichael. I am finding it very interesting that her greatest missionary endeavor became her "work" as mother to hundreds of orphans. She started with girls, but wound up having boys in her compound at Dohnavur, in the Southeast part of India.
In retrospect, Mr. Richardson deserved his own private scan. But hold on, Bob Allison was no slouch either! To wit:
I started this last night while I was watching it but needed to devote my time to watching and crying. Then I had phone calls and other distractions. I'm combining the recap with the results. Teary show!
Eisen Develops The Clubhouse as Part of Industry Association Outreach
Twin 1: Yeah, but you made sure you got all the shrimp.
No Jason action figures, no Princess Karina hair-styling kits, no John Matuzak Big Dumb Space Guy Halloween costumes, no Catch The Space Herpies board games and no Ice Pirates video games. The Ice Pirates wasn't even good enough to earn a Happy Meal toy.
The brave and committed protestors were very much let down by the Bersih committee on April 28. If the Bersih committee had the intention of saving the protestors from harm, then they do not know the BN well at all.
FASHION:
I am? Thank-you! Thank-you! I could feel the tension easing out of my body. I looked around my apartment and knew I had just over a month to go in my little one-room home.
Well...I'm glad we've gotten through October. It was a month of decisions and I got off the rail a time or two. Just a few weeks ago we were still struggling with the newbie syndrome, not knowing anybody in our new city and feeling completely unplugged. The kids were complaining about being bored and I was seriously considering taking them to school. That is until I visited a few schools during the season of "La Dia De Los Muertos" and realized the heavy influence Halloween would play on a given school day in October, given the Mexican cultural influence in our town. Maybe we're a little peculiar, but in our family we don't like to observe the occasion at all, and in fact, my kids find it offensive. Even a simple trip to Walmart when all the Halloween decorations are out in the open bothers my 9 year old-- she'll run to the other side of the cart just to avoid having to pass the decoration. Sounds extreme, but you never realize how spiritually sensitive younger (and even some older) children are until you expose them when they haven't been exposed. I prayed for peace about continuing to homeschool, and what can I say. I have all the peace and the strength I need to keep going in that direction for now...and the kids are back to a new norm.
I weeded the asparagus bed. He speared the pitchfork in the dirt so it would stand upright (surprisingly difficult when you're three feet tall).
“Flesh wound. Through and through, he called it.”
19,417 times before, as 19,418 is the number on my Levo.
Tom: Giants force a 4th down, Patriots kick a field goal. (9-3).
“We are not anti-uranium,” Helms quotes Linda Evers of Milan, a Post-'71 uranium miller who formerly worked for Kerr-McGee and United Nuclear Homestake. “We are anti-killing people to get uranium. There's a big difference.”
The big new development, I hope, would be in community groups — not only local government but also, for instance, in joint funding arrangements in, say. Aboriginal communities, or areas of great unemployment. ■
my love, my Sweetheart, my best friend,
Thanks for the inspiration,ladies!!!
They held Combat every day during the event, which you saw in my post from Day 1. I had to take pictures on Friday because there had to be twice as many pilots as before. There were so many that they turned and had them facing away from the crowd just in case one of the foamies had an accident.
Through impatience.
My hands are getting clammy just thinking about it. I'd better go calm down and find a sharp carving knife.
Nelson began a career in journalism at the age of 13 when his father started a newspaper. He was a crime reporter in Rio de Janeiro. His police beat investigations, as well as personal tragedy, inspired much of his writing. His work is not for the frail at heart, and the mildest of criticism has accused him of being controversial. However, “pervert” was also thrown around a bit.
All of the previously mentioned should be in one file, hopefully named whatever the title of your project is and stored in at least two separate hard drives.
The original investors such as Al Gore have long since gotten out of the carbon credits market, having known in advance about legislation and policy before the general public. What they did not anticipate, however, was the natural cooling of the Earth since 1998 as the Sun entered one of its predictable cycles of low activity.
“That mayor is a crafty old vulture!” he chortled. “I bet he’ll be offering consolation prizes to the girls who don’t find their dream-boy at the love supper!”
-Listen. Always listen more than you talk. If you do this, you will definitely put yourself in a position to be perceived as a good mate for anyone else. Make sure that you show the other person that you care about what they have to say. Seek to understand before seeking to be understood.
Indeed the verdict is still out.
That dropped
ever tried
I wonder who will help me find that old obscure movie I've been thinking about lately.... You know... it had some actress Clayburn or Clayburgh.....you know, yes, Jill Clayburgh. It starts out with her jogging with her husband through... Manhattan, maybe? He stops and tells her he is having an affair...he leaves, she kicks him out I can't remember. . .anyway she becomes involved with an Artist, Alan Bates (whew! I don't know where I pulled that bit of information from) maybe? It came out sometime around '78 or '79 maybe. I think sometime between "The Goodbye Girl" and "Apocalypse Now" I think it was up for several awards. Yes, that's it ..."An Unmarried Woman". I don't think that is the conversation I will be having with Netflixs.
If your home is based in muted ("dirty") color,
I’ve lived a dream for so long
…So why watch the Oscars? Well, you shouldn’t. At least not directly. I plan on taking the Mystery Science Theatre 3000 approach, frequently checking A.O. Scott and David Carr’s commentary.
Stone
and potential wolves/turncoats in the making :
You can also pre heat the grill at this point.
People with food need hospital treatment
I like reading in bed, I like reading in a particular chair by the window in my study, but my favourite place of all for reading now is travelling – on buses round London, on trains to Europe, on aeroplanes anywhere else. I dread the day when people can phone from aeroplanes – at the moment, planes provide the best reading environment I can think of, especially long haul, so when most people think, oh groan, twelve hours to Singapore, I think, goody goody, half a Dickens….
One of the earliest crafts I tried was crocheting, taught to me lovingly and with superhuman patience by my grandmother when I was just five years old. Years later, I discovered sewing, largely out of necessity in order to have pants and blouses that fit me at 5'10" tall. In middle school, I taught myself to knit. I learned by trial and error, following pictures and diagrams and ripping out many a row until I got it just right. By high school, I was good enough to knit sweaters for my husband and boyfriend (who is now my husband of 30 years and my biggest fan!) for Christmas.
The good thing is now I know who is Shinwa. Yeay!
(sigh)
"We don't know where Sgt. Gottlieb got his descriptions from."
Thank you Anton.
Now that you've seen my work, (and read my long and rambling post) head on over to Traci's site and see what she's working on today. Knowing Traci, it'll be something cool--cause I've got faith in her too.
People here were extremely nice to me, I think because they feel guilty serving the food as Japanese food.
Burger Hut just nineteen miles,
The pitch appeared firm, but the extent of the wind and the dew could play a vital part in determining the course of Thursday’s game.
By NbcLosAngeles.com and msnbc.com news services
to his speaking on campus, but rather his recent comments defending his budget on Christian grounds.
My lovely buddies never stop sharing their happiness with me. So here comes another shower of appreciation.
This is the 'shadows of grey' mesh from WP that I added to my page. I painted a small chipboard butterfly from my favourite brand Imaginarium Designs using a white stamp pad. For the other ID chipboard I used some white dimentional paint.
Pain is the unpleasant sensory and emotional experience associated with actual or potential tissue damage. We have all experienced pain at one time or another and it is unpleasant. But too often patients become reliant on pain medication because it helps them cope with the emotional experience of pain rather than the physical portion. Pain medication is only meant to be a temporary treatment along with traditional non-drug therapies like physical therapy, massage therapy, heat/cold therapy, cognitive behavioral therapy, and stimulation therapy. However, far too often these traditional therapies cause more pain or no relief and can cost far too much time and money. For example, physical therapy requires an average of 8 weeks with 9-10 visits before relief and strength returns to damaged tissue. There are alternatives treatments that can be used in addition to or instead of traditional medical practices that have the potential to bring relief and help with the emotional response of pain.
1/3 cup toasted sliced almonds
(This is new for me, so if you have any suggestions please email them to me at jediscrapbooking@comcast. net.)
I’m investigating that now. Previously I’ve implemented MSSQL’s Full Text Search and iSys Search. As well as Zend’s Lucene in PHP.
The X on the map above shows the spot at which incoming traffic merges with existing traffic. Please note a) because of the curve in the road, the continuing traffic on the BQE has very little distance to see the traffic attempting to merge; b) the traffic attempting to enter the BQE has little distance to observe the continuing traffic; c) there is no acceleration ramp at all; incoming traffic has to enter from a dead stop. As a matter of fact, a stop sign is installed at about the spot marked X.
(Rose’s Note: This is a true story.)
There’s not much chance of me starting the day in a down mood. One of my dogs, a lab-German shepherd cross called Taylor, wakes me by jumping on me and she’s always happy, always makes me laugh. It gets me out of any slump I might be in.
"The thing is, most of it is the fault of referees.”
I found this wooden bucket at a thrift shop a couple weeks ago for $2.50 and painted it and added some columbines to it. The vintage egg basket I have had for a while. Right now it holds our tomato plant which is waiting to be planted, but it will hold more impatiens soon.
In order to make the best impression in any circumstance, stay away from these actions that may impart a negative image of yourself.
Surrounding water bodies (including construction costs): Rs 12,000-65,000
I’m glad that the key element of my decision-making design, not pictured on the chart above, is actually a Person upon whom I can rely for help with getting in focus.
Jasper quickened the pace, ramming into her, hitting the spots he knew intimately. Jenna laid next to her, her fingers finding Kathryn’s clit, rubbing it hard and fast.
Two things made my post natal experience so much harder than it had to be. I thought it would be helpful to blog about them and get them off my chest. The other one can be viewed here.
Slugs.
These Stickers Would Be Great To Use For Many Things,Your (Etsy) Shop Info,Canning Labels, Business Info, Teacher Award Stickers, and More!
So if you are struggling with your concentration try one of these tips and see if it helps. Think of when your writing was its best and what you did at that time. Did you watch a lot of films? Did you read a lot of books? Chances are that something you thought may have just been fun was something that helped you to concentrate.
BRIT: "Well, because it was his name, I suppose."
I had a fairly irritating week at work, and I was meant to be working in London on Friday to go to a meeting. The meeting was cancelled on Thursday morning, which meant that I could work from home yesterday. This was good for many reasons, chief among them being that I could have a wee sleep in, good coffee at breakfast and could spend the day with Nic. Hurrah! On a day when you're working from home, it's good to wear something comfortable...
Yep. I had them special order for me and since I'm there every other day, they were happy to oblige.
Seriously, though, friends: WRITE CLUB is one of my favorite things. I often feel lonely and disconnected as a writer despite all the connections this university affords. I rarely get a chance to truly share my work with others, and WRITE CLUB allows me not only to do that but also to be exposed to writers with staggering talents who achieve astounding feats I could never match. It’s fun, it’s exciting, and honestly, it makes me hopeful for what we as students, writers, and people can do. Holy shit, guys, can I make this any more clear? Get off your asses, come to WRITE CLUB, and be transfigured. You can thank me later!
I had so much fun creating my ornament, this is one of those challenges I love! I love trying something new. I enjoyed it so much I think I will try to squeeze in one more, if I can :)
The IPKat is fascinated. Here we have two protected species -- children and copyright owners -- and a point at which it is possible to protect the one by protecting the other. In a few short years, however, the children will have become rebellious techno-savvy teenagers and copyright-protected works will be their favourite diet. Merpel says, I'm fascinated too, about the way that advice about the law, which varies from country to country, is generalised into the advice contained in this publication. Incidentally, none of the Kats noticed a disclaimer ...
On the day we got to the Statue of Liberty, it was such a random day... weather wise. It was boiling hot when we got there and after an hour of looking around and taking pictures of Manhattan we noticed a massive black cloud moving towards us at a alarming rate. Those who have been to Liberty island will know that there really aren't that many places to hide from rain. So we were in the middle of the island with no umbrellas freezing in the pouring rain. When we got off the island however it was boiling hot again.
Friday, May 11: Main Stage, Pigeon Island National Landmark – Derek Yarde Project ‘DYP” – En Kweyol
They have. At the moment, we have printed several translations for the Bible in different languages, among others was the King James Version, which has been published by Cambridge University Press.
When you’re taking a well established route—college, followed by university, followed by a good career, etc.—the way may not be easy, but at least it’s clear. When your goals, the way you plan to live, is so very different from those accepted paths, you’re bushwhacking. There is no trail to follow, so like it or
My Tete's aren't perfect.....but they were delicious and tender! The other half of the dough turned into a giant Cinnamon pull-apart roll. It didn't sit on the warming rack long before it was pulled apart and eaten!
Tomorrow morning, these two punks will officially be back in daycare :( I cannot believe that my maternity leave is over; I think I kind of convinced myself that I still had a long ways to go before I went back, so these last couple of weeks really crept up on me. I honestly can't say that I'm really looking forward to it. Don't get me wrong, I REALLY like my job (thank God), but I hate the idea of the only getting a few hours a day with the kids. I must be having a really sentimental day...I think one day last week I tried to sell them to my sister :)
1.Live Fast, Die Fun!
We will randomly select one winner from all of the eligible entries! We ask that you link a new creation, no back linking please and only one entry per person.
Great Divide Espresso Oak Aged Yeti Imperial Stout 9.5%
In Birmingham, a white father and son were seriously injured by three knife-wielding black youths as they bravely sheltered an Asian boy who had desperately banged on their front door seeking multicultural assistance. Martin Thompson and his eighteen year-old son Edward suffered multiple stab wounds, including a punctured lung. The Asian youth was unharmed.
Phreak: Well, I managed to get some minor Teemo buffs in this patch.
I'm not going to. Forget you, Pinterest, I'M NOT PINTERESTED!
The recipe that I share below was inspired by Christina’s grilled peaches and cinnamon ice-cream recipe. Feel free two visit her blog Desserts for Two , filled with awesome southern recipes.
This groundbreaking thought is reminiscent of a protolanguage which Robert Boerman used to interpret the Milk Hill inscription in 1991. Using voice modulated laser light it is possible to change DNA, and as it is known that DNA of the plant (rape, barley, wheat) is modified when crop circles are created, it appears that the energy that forms crop circles is in the nature of this voice-modulated laser light (crop circle formation is sometimes corroborated by eyewitness accounts of anomalous luminous phenomena).
Fading memories of loves lost to me.
Group leader: Be patient. These'll be old time before you know it.
Note: If you find that the mixture consistency is liquidy (or too wet), add extra 1 -2 tbsp of maida and mix.
5) The house was a pivotal location for the women's suffrage movement. Scratch that, the anti-women's suffrage movement. The newly married lady of the house, Caroline Putnam, and her sister Lillian joined other local ladies of means in organizing protests against granting women the right to vote or, in the words of their 1894 petition, to protest "the obligations of the ballot upon the women of the state." Mrs. Putnam also hosted French conservation classes and literary salons from her parlor here. [source]
Me: God, who?
before somersaulting backwards...
If all we are doing is complaining about the state of affairs in America and we are not praying for our leaders and our people, we are not taking appropriate action. 1 Timothy 2:2
A number of stories used in Fawlty Towers were based on second hand accounts of Sinclair. The episode The Builders was inspired by an incident involving several builders who had come to rebuild Sinclair's garden wall. Sinclair's berating of Terry Gilliam must have been the inspiration behind the Waldorf Salad episode. And the "we've had a bomb scare" moment in Basil the Rat must surely relate to poor old Eric Idle's suitcase! Oh and Sinclair really did employ cheap foreign labour too, many of whom suffered abusive treatment from him. And the coincidences don't stop there either, many years later, in the interminable film Rat Race, John Cleese plays an eccentric hotel owner called Donald Sinclair!
28 Nov 2011: Police fired a grenade, hitting young rapper Abou Fall’s hand, almost destroying it. Eventually, he was evacuated to Germany by a fellow musician who heard of his plight, but only after his thumb and forefinger became diseased due to lack of proper medical treatment and had to be amputated.
To these proofs we can add that which John recorded when the Lord met up with Thomas. John20:27says,
When I’m an old man
Adult: $3,999 – $4,879
All in all, it was a pretty awesome year. I'm so grateful for the people in my life who continue to encourage, inspire, and love me, because without them, life just wouldn't be the same. And while 27 was pretty incredible, 28 has something in store that I've been anticipating for a long, long time. That's right, 28 is the year I become "doctor." Hell yeah. Dr. Allison here I come!
my sides growing back together
Let us note here that all truth is from above. In other words, the truth comes down to us. It is not of our own making because God is Truth and He proclaims this truth to man. Jesus declares that the Holy Spirit will guide us into all truth.
John Eldredge writes that you cannot hope for something you do not desire. The overwhelmingly good news is that resurrection life is where our deepest, strongest, purest desires are fulfilled. The desire for intimacy that sometimes we get confused with a desire for only sex – that intimacy will be fulfilled in resurrection life. The desire to be deeply connected to beauty – the thing that causes us to ache when see a beautiful person, or an awe-inspiring view, or hear uplifting music – that will be fulfilled. The desire to be significant, to be recognized for who you are and for the God-given gifts you have – that will be fulfilled in resurrection life. That thing in your that loves to rise to the occasion and meet challenges – that will find its ultimate expression in resurrection life.
That being said, this week I just worked on the corner. Why? Well, it looked like this:
Meat
I feel guilty for using yet another PINK flower for my post....yet, I have nothing in the old portfolio that inspires me at the moment. I really need to get out and shoot some inspiration.
Our grandfather, Martin Klein, was and still is a reminder to us always of the high quality people that have been dubbed “the greatest generation”. Behind the blunt sense of humor that we’re sure the people of Killingworth were able to see during our grandfather’s first term, is someone who we have always looked up to with awe.
not be believable if written as fiction. It tells of rock ‘n’ roll legend Jerry Lee Lewis, televangelist Jimmy Swaggart, and country music star Mickey Gilley. These very different men, raised in the same time and place, with similar talents, were fated for entirely different destinies even as their lives would always be profoundly intertwined. Born into poverty, each man, in his own way, would become an iconic figure blessed with the ability to thrill and inspire.
Brand new 12/29/09 freestyle from two of the nicest Latino DJ/MC's ever to lay they hands on some turntables and on occasion kick a freestyle on the mic...
With about 1.5km to go I started to feel a bit puffed but once again just tried to focus on the rhythm of my foot falls and this seemed to help a lot. Then the finish line was in sight and I crossed still feeling good. I felt even better when I learned that my time was 28:15 - my fastest few km ever !
On the fifth day he walks down a different street.
"Nah. Thanks Al. You go on ahead. I think I'll just wait for the next one."
Tight: top shop
This class is for people who simply haven't taken the plunge and want to know the basics of the social media landscape before diving in. What's required? Please bring a laptop or tablet (iPad or Android tablet) and be ready to learn. This class is a beginner level course. If you're already doing your thing on the big 4 social media sites (Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn and YouTube), this is going to be boring to you.
Eat Mobile showcases the food, music and people that make Portland’s food scene so special. This year, Willamette Week is proud to announce a partnership with the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) that will expand Eat Mobile to include food demonstrations and provide attendees with a more hands-on food experience with the Eat Mobile Culinary Science Stage.
He prefers to be called blind.
~Bernard M. Baruch (1870 - 1965
* Sentiment - Woodware Stamps 'Circular Greetings'
Carteach: "....... I've been shooting alongside you here for three years. I've already spotted for you twice this season!"
We have the world’s best and most expensive healthcare system, is forty first the best we can do?
However—and this is the crux of the matter— these elements have no function. They don't do anything. They are merely on display.
In representing the city’s position to the IRS, “what elected officials have been involved in determining whether your position is correct?” Brodsky asked Pinsky.
The single, I Wanna Get Next To You, was from the film Car Wash, which may explain things, but it's still no Cortina.
connect with his family and de-city on our mountaintop 10 acres every weekend.
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE retweet this letter, email to anyone you know. If you in any way involved with our local news, school district or any other organization dealing with education or learning disabilities and would like to talk with me, I am more than willing to speak. I will no longer sit back and see my son suffer, as well as any other child and family in the same situation.
A fish seller at the open market tells the reporter, that there are people who ask for the bag with the leftovers after he has cleaned the fish. “They try to get some tiny fish we threw away, or even fish eggs”.
is the Collections Manager of the Marine Invertebrates Division, Zoology Department, The Natural History Museum (NHM), London. Within Zoology Miranda specifically manages the Crustacea collections as well as the team of curators responsible for the Invertebrate collections. Darwin barnacles and the Blaschka marine invertebrate glass models are amongst some of the historical collections that are her interests and under her care. In 2006, she was part of the organising committee and invited speaker at the 1st international Blaschka congress held in Dublin. Miranda collaborated with the National Glass Centre, Sunderland, UK in 2008 to exhibit some of the Museum’s Blaschka collection alongside contemporary Blaschka inspired art. She also has an interest in photography, natural history - past and present serving on a number of committees including the Society for the History of Natural History (SHNH) and the Natural Sciences Association (NatSCA).
The other, and more serious reason to love Josh Hutcherson this week came when he was honored at the GLAAD Awards. When researching Josh for my initial post on him, I came to learn about his work with “Straight but Not Narrow”. A group dedicated to dispelling misconceptions about gay people to high school aged students. During the media’s inescapable coverage of “the Hunger Games” cast it was revealed Josh had lost two gay relatives to AIDS and was inspired by them to be active in the movement for LGTB equality. It was due to his work towards that goal and his involvement in SBNN that earned him the GLAAD Vanguard award. At first, I was nervous that the Vangaurd award might be a little premature. But, those feelings were dispelled after seeing Josh’s emotional, intelligent and heart string tugging acceptance speech. Calling for equality not just in marriage but in all aspects and even going as far as to discuss his hopes for his own children should they be gay, Josh pretty much made it impossible to not love him.
The answer is no, probably, but this has very little to do with the translation. Alice is an effortlessly readable sequence of five linked stories each named after a man who is dying or dead: Misha, Conrad, Richard, Malte and Raymond. The novel itself is named after the woman to whom they are related either by love or blood. In the first three chapters, Alice visits the men on their death beds. They are almost entirely silent and their deaths occur off screen, implied in the description of a hospital room being cleared or guessed interpretations from words in a foreign language. Instead, the narrative consists of descriptions of Alice’s thoughts, actions and polite interaction with the dying men’s relatives and carers. There is almost no backstory or passages of nostalgic reminiscence. A certain chill pervades:
Still, she walks into the fire, using me for her own gain and ego needs, abandoning our friendship for a man who has many times over proven he will never stop drinking, smoking or gambling and that’s the least of her worries. At least I wasn’t in my fifties doing that as she is. I was only 19. I wonder what her excuse will be when everything returns to ashes and the dust blows it all away. Far, far away.
treatment, balanced meals. He receives visits, regular consular
Please encourage your staff to take advantage of this opportunity by
Then God said, “I give you every seed-bearing plant on the face of the whole earth and every tree that has fruit with seed in it. They will be yours for food. And to all the beasts of the earth and all the birds in the sky and all the creatures that move along the ground—everything that has the breath of life in it—I give every green plant for food.” And it was so.
Nadim had been looking after Eva ever since she was born and she was very friendly to him.
Jody L. Herman, author of the report, used data from the Brennan Center for Justice report on voter ID laws and the National Transgender Discrimination Survey (she also co-authored) to paint a picture of what voting access will look like for transgender citizens in the nine states with strict voting laws. She found that about 88,000 transgender Americans are eligible to vote in those states in November, but roughly a third of those face possibly getting ostracized due to lacking proper ID and the crazy complicated process of obtaining ID if the government questions your gender status.
In Muddle and Win the hero is a little devil called Muddlespot. He gets sent up from Hell by his bosses, like a secret agent into enemy territory. His mission is to get into the mind of a girl called Sally Jones and secure her ‘defection’. This proves a lot harder than he expects. Sally is top of her class, always does her homework, always keeps her room tidy, is liked by everybody and she knows who she is. And when he finally starts to make some headway, Heaven responds by sending an angel called Windleberry in against him. The story is about how the three of them get on together.
for my plastic
And in no way damaging.
Me: Oh don’t act like u don’t know what I’m talking about. Anyway, this is a waste of effort.
And Secondly – the Eucharist, a Door to Holy Come-Union with Him, beckons to us as we partake of His Body and His Blood and so renew and strengthen His presence in us to accomplish the Father’s will for our lives, now and forever! Praised Be His Holy Name!
“I don’t see the need for it,” said Eric Dayman.
I was moved to the required room on a wheel chair then I got onto a bed. I was surprised to find no doctors. I had no clue that nothing yet has started!! When I got into the room it was 3:40pm. A doctor came in to give me a needle to speed up the process. The pain increased dramatically and the intervals between each time was shortened. My mom was beside me telling me that the pain will continue to increase! I was surprised and had no clue how far would it go. My God, the pain increased even more and my mom’s still insisting it would grow even more! She was right. It increased till it wearied my body. I told her that I doubt I will be able to push the baby as required… I asked her to call the doctor! I couldn’t take in more pain.
and kindled
Could she stop?
“Imagine, this could be the air they breathed. A bubble of perfectly preserved time…”
And even as I write, I apologize to all patriotic San Franciscans for believing the original reports that the attack was due to the Bakers Dozen having sung “The Star Spangled Banner.” Those boys probably don’t even give a damn. They were simply jealous of all the attention the singers were getting.
These are acid loving plants so I added some organic soil acidifier. I believe it is just some sort of a slow release copper mixture.
Lucy: I forgot to "ask" her, but she started running a fever on Saturday, so I think she was thankful for lots of snuggle time & lots of loving arms to hold her.
At 0 or a negative number you save versus death or die. If you save you revive to 1hp in 1d6 rounds. Monsters love to coup de gras helpless dudes. So you are probably going to die anyway.
In the summer of 1944, with World War II ongoing, Bukowski was arrested by FBI agents in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he was living at the time, on suspicion of draft evasion. He later failed a psychological exam that was part of his mandatory military entrance ‘physical’ and was declared unfit for military service.
Mrs. Warmisham laughed. She’d always been the cheery one among the stiff-faced bunch that presided over the halls of silence. The sun was nearing the horizon behind her and her blonde hair was melting into its pale flames.
What's not to love about Emily Deschanel and David Boreanaz? I've followed Boreanaz's career since his days as Angel in Buffy the Vampire Slayer. He's what originally drew me in to the series. Now I can't enough of Deschanel. She's beautiful and clever and quirky. As partners in solving crime, I think these two have great dynamics on screen.
The downside: Door slamming, murmuring under one's breath, oaths to someone else's diety, martyred sighs and a whole host of other passive-aggressive manifestations about which you'd be embarrassed if you had a lick of sense. And worse - to which he affords no notice.
The leaves were coloured with cut'n'dry nibs and Distress inks and the roses were coloured with Alpha markers and got a some some stickles and glossy accents as a covering layer. I also used liquid pearls and metallic Sakura pens. The alaphabet is from Hero Arts and it's stamped with Distress inks.
Release Date:September 9, 2011
'beautiful ~ bright ~ delicate ~ mystical'
And...that's about it! My advice has gotten pretty simple these days. I'm not sure where all the zen is coming from, but I'm not about to question it. I've spent the last six years having a massive angst-fest over all this stuff, so it's nice to finally be in a place where I'm just happy with my situation. Far from ideal as it is, it works for me. Hooray for good places. I hope you can find yours.
Hope you find time to play along!
When the BoyBuckets did wake up on his birthday he peeked around the corner of the door of the study, proclaiming "I'm FIVE!" and thrusting his whole hand in my face. I asked him if he felt any different and he took a deep breath before nodding and saying a quiet "yep, mmmhmm." Since that moment, he often answers every question or direction with the justification that he is five now and he doesn't need my help/guidance/hand in the parking lot, etc. When he went to get dressed he yelled out "But Momma, I can't wear THESE clothes! Because now I am five and I will BUST right out of those clothes!"
Needless to say, we're happy with TMP's progress. Stay Tuned.
High Elf Archers. Elf Infantry – S 15cm – F d8 – D d6 – A 1 – M d8 – W 5 – P 7 – Special: Archery (60cm)
I’d like to preface this post by saying that I am not a complete idiot. I am also not going on a raw food detox anytime soon. That said, I’d like to tell you about a new book called The Complete Idiot’s Guide to Raw Food Detox by Adam Graham.
The environment is teaching us that plundering natural resources and high levels of energy consumption is only shortening the life span and health of humanity. That the so-called development, might not be development at all.
This was after they told me this whole story of walking into a coffee shop that had a certain song playing over head and the guy in line just so happened to turn around and spot her walking through the door and held strong eye contact for all of 15 seconds.
Taste and add the vanilla and rum.
Overall it was a great trip. Unfortunately, towards the end of the trip we got some news that Jesse's uncle was involed in an accident on his farm. I believe he had some head trauma and had fractures on his face. He had to be placed in an induced coma, BUT things are getting better and better each day. He is having surgery tomorrow and I ask that each of you pray that all goes well and to give his family the support they need to help him recover.
SB: Okay. Well, maybe that takes us to our next topic, which is that in the reading that you and I had on April 25 you talked about a very large transition for many of us that would take place in the next month. Initially, you started talking about the transition that I would experience, but then you said that it extended to many other people.
“I … I … I think … either I’m very very ill… yes, that must be it … I’m sicker than I thought …”
Ayasonice
I used several shades of green for the vest, metallic gold for the buttons and buckle; and then a touch of green metallic pearl powder over the completed vest. The shoes were stippled in shades of brown and then covered with Tim Holz Copper alcohol ink. I made soles from tan Hearty clay and glued them to the bottom of the shoe.
I could almost hear a dog howling down the street. I lay on my back, watching the fan, almost half lit by the moon rays. I looked out of the window, the moon shone too brightly that time of the night. It had been Holi a couple of days back, i.e. Dola Poornima. Hence a full moon, almost.
You're scared and that’s okay
The prima floweres were inked and then attached with brads before mounting the stamped verse and butterflies.
We drained, washed (essential!! Think poisonous if undercooked, and nasty gases if left in their own liquid!) the beans, then gently boiled them in fresh water first.
Smallwood’s Homer, like use of a nonlinear plot, is well-suited to the story since Lily’s journey is rather like trying to piece together a jigsaw puzzle.
The tablecloth (Ralph Lauren) is a stylized paisley swirl in greens and white. It is the only pattern on this table. I am a huge fan of anything paisley! Such a girly pattern.
On to the list: Just in recent TV alone there’s Fringe, Eureka, Battlestar Galactica (and its prequel, Caprica), Warehouse 13, True Blood, Sanctuary … And as for books, there are quite literally hundreds–LeGuin’s Earthsea books, for instance.
Take trains and buses or internal flights?
This beer is intense, powerful, unique, and touched by madness and genius in equal measures. If it's true that dogs and their owners can look alike, then this might be the first example of a beer that is a partial embodiment of its creator.
10 rue Lord-Byron
If the income of a website has continually increased since the launch of the site, future income growth may also be anticipated. If this is the case, the the value of a website should increase. However, if newly launched competition hits the web arena and threatens to reduce a website's reach, then the value of a website would naturally decrease.
Work has been mad, I keep getting phone calls at 'stupid o'clock' to go out and see kids who are not deterred from crime even by the minus temperatures...fools. Although the custody sergeants are laughing at me, because when they get bailed/charged and get ready to leave, i keep forgetting to leave my mummy persona at home and tell said kids to stay inside where is warm and ask them where their scarf and gloves are...
“Yeah, maybe you’ll make a million off of it,” chimed in my co-worker. We like to lighten situations. It didn’t work.
L’Engle’s book shies away from neither topic. On meeting Meg, we learn she can perform square root functions in her head — a mark, not of wallflower status, but of moral distinction. Still, Meg harbors doubts about her own intellectual abilities, and her exacting expectations rub off on the reader. If anything, the book enchants readers who might not entirely grasp its concepts with the delight in not knowing; the realization that even the most know-it-all kids do not, in fact, have all the answers and that certain questions are worth asking. “I loved Mrs Who’s cryptic quotations, and the math that went right over my head and the fact that Charles Wallace had powers I was always struggling to understand,” said Rebecca Stead, whose Newbery Medal-winning novel, “When You Reach Me,” was in great part a homage to “A Wrinkle in Time.” L’Engle, who was born in 1918 and grew up a child of privilege in New York City, struggled academically at her private school, though she later graduated cum laude from Smith. She first got the idea for “A Wrinkle in Time” after reading Einstein’s writings on relativity. “I used a lot of those principles to make a universe that was creative and yet believable,” she said in an interview with her publisher before her death in 2007. Of course, science fiction is not only about science; it is also often deeply informed by politics, and can be a vehicle for commentary on the complex effects of progress in all its permutations — medical, political, technological. Russ, for example, a graduate of Yale, wrote books infused with feminist messages and digressions on philosophy. “A Wrinkle in Time” can be read as a warning against communism. L’Engle, an active liberal Episcopalian who spent many of her later years as a writer in residence at the Church of St. John the Divine in New York, tended to write allegorical works in which, as in the books of C. S. Lewis, good inevitably triumphs over evil, a message as likely to appeal to girls as it is to boys. What is it then that makes girls averse to science fiction? Could it be the pronounced boyness of the covers — the same signal that deters girls from switching to Superman after their Betty and Veronica days have passed? Science-fiction books, whether technologically elaborate, intergalactic stories by the likes of Arthur C. Clarke and Hal Clement or the so-called “soft” science fiction of Ray Bradbury and Philip K. Dick, often wear dark washes of black and navy blue with 3-D fonts and brutal images of fire and destruction. Yet there isn’t anything inherently unfeminine about science fiction. Some might say the dystopic fantasy, apocalyptic tales and paranormal romance so popular with today’s teenage girls are actually couched “girl-friendly” variants of science fiction. Perhaps. But why should science fiction proper be any less welcoming to girls? It may be simplistic to suggest that reading science fiction will lead women to pursue careers in chemistry and quantum physics and information technology. But then, how many female authors say they were inspired to become writers because of Jo from “Little Women”? Surely we don’t mean to imply that science fiction, or science, is really just for boys. It is, after all, Meg’s microbiologist mother, Katherine Murry, rather than her rescued father, who later in the series wins the Nobel Prize.
Buying an iPad for every single MP in the Commons could cost as much as £430,000 – not including monthly subscription charges to access the internet on the move.
AG: This is your debut LP, after big noise around your first material released last year with Ordinaire. What was the goal with this new release, and how would you compare artistically the new work with your previous material on Ordinaire?
The blurry photo in The Sun looks suspiciously like the UFO that disrupted air traffic in Hangzhou for an hour the night of July 7. And the details of that incident also have a familiar, earthly ring.
LB told me that when they ran around their school building, she was always first. I started to get a little worried. What if she was a little running prodigy? What if I really couldn't keep up with her? I decided there was nothing I could do and if I lost my running buddy because she was a speed demon, someone else would run with her! Someone was holding a rope about waist-high (so nearly as tall as LB) across the start line and her eyes got wide. "We have to jump over that???" I explained that it was keeping all the excited girls like her from taking off so soon. The expression in LB's eyes reminded me of sonic the hedgehog revving up before he goes flying across a loop-de-loop. She was totally fired up. I told her about the countdown before the race started....and then I heard girls counting down! 10...9...8...7...6 (and I took my hand out of LB's hand just long enough to start my Garmin and then grab her hand again)...5...4...3...2...1....
Morning ~
I’m simply aghast, though that another brewery instigated this.
The beach has been known as a gay meeting place for many years, with locals describing nude men "popping up like meerkats" in the sand dunes.
The top basket is full of "pool table" junk. Like chalk, racks, dice, brushes. The lower basket replaced my "outdoor" ice cream pail. This basket has things like sunglasses, bug spray, ear plugs for lawn mowing, animal brushes and sunscreen.
At 5 seconds per slide, it will take over an hour for a complete run
But...I can also discuss Bush's heinous disregard for the Kyoto treaty and the potential impact for generations to come.
Unstoppered, lurked her strange synthetic perfumes,
Participants should be prepared to present their work as scholarly research and / or for the benefit of an interested audience of academics. See the conference website for more information.
Primera Bravo Pro – Best Printer For CDs & DVDs
Unlike a good Christian boy, there is no church involved. And I only go about five months of the year.
In fact, you gave them to me.
The explanation provided was that the defendant's design derived from documents created in 2005, ie the year before the claimants' design went to market. Despite their authenticity being challenged, the judge considered these documents genuine and accordingly there could be no question of copying in relation to them. The standout feature of the defendant's most recent design (created in 2009), which was shared by that of the claimants, was the sloping top face with the window partly on the slope and extending onto the front. However, rather than being a result of copying, the court considered that the defendant's article looked like this because it was based on their own, independently created, 2005 design. Accordingly, the only aspect of any article that was derived from the claimants was the specific shape of the side panel. Looked at as a whole, this did not amount to infringement: the defendant had not produced an article substantially to the claimants' design.
Date: 15.3.2010
Bruno was a workhorse to beat all workhorses. He seemed to love work and would have no problem pulling the plow into place. “I should have let you do it to begin with.” Ricky said as he led Bruno out of the stall. Suddenly, Teddy and Bruno both were spooked. Bruno began to stand high on his back legs kicking, as he began to neigh with a whinny effect. Bruno’s front legs hit the ground like thunder, then he took of like a bolt of lightning. Ricky looked around to see what was terrifying his animals. It was a rattlesnake on the alarm, and ready to strike. Ricky ran to get his shotgun. As he laid aim of the rattlesnake, Teddy was becoming more and more anxious. The rope was tied to the heavy steel plow and the plow was tied to Teddy. He couldn’t go far. As the mule was moving farther away from the barn, the pulley took the plow past the point it was intended to go. Ricky shot at the snake, but missed. He aimed again. However, before the second shot could be fired, Teddy jumped forward and the rope holding the plow snapped. The plow began to fall toward the earth at rocket speed, and it plummeted toward Ricky. The plow carved a path through his body, like a row in the garden, as it cemented itself into the ground. Summer came running to see what all the commotion was about. When she saw Ricky lying there, with the plow penetrating his body, all she could do was scream as he laid there, dying. It was a horrible way for a young girl to realize the facts of life. They were married a total of thirty-seven days when Ricky met his fate. One month later, Summer discovered she was pregnant with her first child. A pregnant, thirteen year-old widow is a rarity, indeed.
Today, Packy the elephant turns 50 years old.
Chats are without pats with happiness under the mats,
Other features a speech synthesis so you can figure out what the little robot is holding without ever having to poke his face. Another great feature would be the speech-to-text, so that you can simply speak out loud your response to your family member, and Kompott will take care of the rest for you. And there’s a button at the center of the robot’s chest, which if pressed will bring up the full list of all your contacts stored within. Unfortunately, there’s no plans to bring Kompott to the mass market quite yet, but what it will do without a doubt is work as a great jumping-off-point for more robots like it, with even better features to make getting in touch the easiest it has ever been.
That's right.
Friday, December 15th–I attended five hours of group therapy.
When some spoiled, lucky Yankee announces, oh, signs just are a fashion accessory, I would like to challenge them to come here and hold one for just one hour on Main Street. I'd love to see them break into tears.
V/A - Squares Blot Out the Sun (DB 1990, comp with Pylon, The Fans, Jack Heard...)
Not that I was looking.
‘I am the vine; you are the branches. If a man remains in me and I in him, he will bear much fruit; apart from me you can do nothing’ John 15.5 NIV.
In Mysore, the Indian Oil Corporation has decided to use the UID platform to weed out those who are ineligible for subsidised cooking gas cylinders but so far the pilot has made only limited headway. The plan was to have such pilots in Pune and Hyderabad, too, but this appears to have been put on hold.
We did "hills" which means you increase the tension and "climb" for five minutes with your butt off the seat (which I couldn't make the five minutes, ugh) and "jumps" which means you get your butt off the seat and pedal for about a minute, then sit on the seat and pedal for a minute. It got me sweating and breathing heavy.
Someone noticed that I was quieter than before and asked if I was missing my boys. I think I did reply but it’s not very clear now.
May 1881 US explorers approached Jeannette Island and Henrietta Island and claimed them for the United States. According to some US individuals, including the group State Department Watch, eight Arctic islands currently controlled by Russia, including Wrangel Island, are claimed by the United States. However, according to the United States Department of State no such claim exists. The USSR/USA Maritime Boundary Treaty, which has yet to be approved by the Russian Duma, does not address the status of these islands nor the maritime boundaries associated with them.
Two Brothers Bare Tree (2009) 10%
I can't believe that the hustle and bustle of Christmas is done for another year. We un-decorated the house the other day and the outside lights will be turned off for another season in a day or two. I will miss seeing the beautiful Christmas lights when we're out and about... I think it's one of my favourite things about the season.
It appears that the explosion of the ultimate weapon expands relatively slowly. It looks like Arjuna may have taken from 15 seconds to almost a minute to react to it.
Except for Max Holloway—the boy whose name shouldn’t be spoken. At least, not by me. Everyone thinks of him as Becca’s boyfriend but she’s gone, and here I am, replacing her. I wish it were that easy. Sometimes, when I think of Max, I can imagine how Becca’s life was so much better than mine could ever be.
It was awesome!
“What are you looking at, Billy?” I asked
my eyes reflected wintry waters and unjust ways.
In the kitchen.
Thanks for reading I’ll be back tomorrow for another Wanderlust Wednesday and later this week for my last couple of posts about Italy! Hope everyone is having a great week and good luck to all preparing for the holidays!
Have a great weekend!!!
I worked on only one counter section at a time and started with the back plank and worked my forward and also gluing each plank together. I weighted the wood down with some bags of cement that I already had. Just use anything heavy. The glue dries in about 15 minutes.
Today, they took their recent actions to an even more confusing level when Reed Hastings offered an apology for the way in which the earlier changes were handled.
First on our list today is the use of multiple SPI devices on the single bus. We briefly touched on this in part one, by showing how multiple devices are wired, for example:
I spotted these beautiful trees
“I Place The Blame On Al-Jazeera TV And Its Management And Board Of Directors For Allowing Such A Woman To Appear On Their Channel And Say Such Things”
As for the vacation, we’ve now arrived at Major Walking Day #2 (the first being my day in Washington, D.C.)… Sunday, April 15, I went to church with Daniel and then we walked the southern half of the Freedom Trail. Lucky for me, church is in one of the stops on the Freedom Trail… Park Street Church.
Recently a friend routed around on my behalf in search of my house keys.
4 rounds:
When he was age five, his mother fell down a flight of stairs with Eric in her arms. Hoffer went blind for unknown medical reasons two years later, at the age of seven. His mother did not recover and died in that second year after the fall. After his mother’s death he was raised by a live-in relative or servant, a German woman. His eyesight inexplicably returned when he was 15. Fearing he would again go blind, he seized upon the opportunity to read as much as he could for as long as he could. His eyesight remained, and Hoffer never abandoned his habit of voracious reading.
You only get to BAP if you have been recommended to do so by a panel of selectors in your own Diocese following, probably years, working with a Diocesan Director of Ordinands, and hopefully a spiritual director and other advisors, to discern whether God is calling you to ordination.
But pubs in the suburbs, or in smaller towns with little tourist appeal like Northwich or Worksop, are unlikely to see many new customers, especially if they don’t serve food, or if they are just two-beer locals rather than having an array of beers on the bar. The picture shows the Grapes in Hazel Grove (page 317 of the 2012 edition), a Robinson’s pub which according to the Guide just offers Hatters and Unicorn, although I understand it now has seasonal beers as well. It’s an excellent little boozer, and to my mind it’s a good thing that the GBG can still find space for pubs of that type, but it’s hard to imagine that many people will open the Guide and identify it as a must-visit pub. Indeed the casual pubgoer in Hazel Grove would be more likely to make for the Spoons a few doors down the road. In many cases, an appearance in the Guide is primarily a badge of accomplishment for the licensee, not a generator of trade.
Regardless, I’m over you. No, there’s nothing wrong with you. It’s not you, it’s me. I hate to say this, but you’re just too old for me. You’re over the hill. Old school already. You’ve lost your shine. I’m now going with workers younger than you, the next generation, Generation Z.
KOTBR Score: 3.75 Mugs
Think that's complicated? We're just getting started. Now that you've broken down how much $$ you can spend on who, there are the other sub-factors to consider as you plan how Christmas morning will play out. Will the children be opening up an equal number of presents? This can be a real challenge for families who have both tiny tots and older kids whose gift lists are loaded with items where a single choice could consume their entire $$ alotment. What about the size of the presents? You have to acquire at least a couple gifts with enough bulk to fill out the space beneath the tree. I won’t even try to address households touched by divorce.
Radio with your favorite device! Questions et cetera? Drop us a line! Email to: groaninandmoanin@gmail.com
It is ironically appropriate that the end of the bill’s main content is the definition of “self-protected entity”, a definition that when defined includes ANY entity other than an individual. It is important to encourage persons and citizens of democratic nations to read their laws and the legislation that affects them. Undoubtedly for some, this may be the first text of legislation they have ever read their entire lives, and it is important that they begin reading such texts. Do not let government spokesmen, or political and social commentators, though the screen or through text, tell you what is going to affect you, and how its going to affect you: You have a responsibility as a citizen to know what is going to affect you and your life, and of the lives that shall come after you. Internet Censorship.
I went up to get her laundry and bed linens. When I had come downstairs, I decided to do her laundry, and thought, this may be a good time to have a talk. As I tried to be as sensitive as I could possibly be, I suggested some items, when I went out to the store. I couldn’t believe that she agreed so willingly. She almost seemed to be relieved.
to return the gift of me you hadth given me
"Flat Bottom Cloud" Die-Namic by MFT
“Let’s go,” she said.
The authorities say the earlier number of the missing said to be 1,500 was inaccurate; however, they refuse to reveal the actual figure.
I'm here today to share with you the prizes you're playing for this month... though the real prize is completing Christmas projects, right? So many ideas, so little time- we're so grateful for each one of you who plays along with us in our Seriously Creative Challenges!
hard and not shirking
Translated by: yenn_yy
MyVisionPortal.com gives a good Personal Core Value List which you may find helpful if you need some guidance in finding out what your personal values are. Many people don't know because they've never thought about it. That's okay. It's never to late to learn.
For some reason – possibly because the American Colonies had a high percentage of religious extremists among their early, socially influential immigrants – PC has taken more root in the US than in the UK.
The Vermilion City Recreation Department is accepting baseball and softball registration forms for anyone under the age of 15. Applications are available in the high school main office. The deadline to submit your application is April 27th.
This last part was said in a wistful whisper.
stopping by and/or leaving words of encouragement.
I'm transferring my latest Porter from secondary fermentation to kegs, today. I'll force-carbonate one of them when it's chilled enough. I may have a glass of Porter to drink by tomorrow evening!
Carl Jung (the inventor of the Meyers-Briggs)
Hope you don’t mind that I have made a travelogue out of this post, but Nashville is a unique city and deserves a visit. If you’re a historian, the surrounding area has history in abundance including several Civil War battle sites and The Hermitage, Andrew Jackson’s home. One more historical stop you should make and I would recommend you make it your home base during your trip and that is the Union Station Hotel. I’m not much of a chain hotel guy. I like to sleep in history. The Union Station Hotel allows you to do just that.
We are working on our Finale Recap podcast and it will most likely be in two to three parts so keep your eyes open for those.. Also since so many great questions were sent in we will try to do another bonus podcast to answer some more.
Soul Food
“PUTANA!”
But this is Jewish idiom, it’s the Hebrew way of talking. This can be well illustrated when you look at the “sign of Jonah” in Matthew’s Gospel and compare it to Luke’s account in Luke 11:29-32. Jesus says the only sign will be given is the “sign of Jonah” but he says nothing of “three days and three nights.”
Death, as they say, has a strange way of defining legacy. In life, you have critics, detractors, even enemies. But in death, when introspection gradually turns emotions to rationality, you see a far clearer picture of what life represented.
Time, the fourth one
The writers once scattered across campuses, classes, and years are brought together to share their works with those most ready to listen. The competitors hear the roar of the appreciate crowd even as the crowd learns of the rich and creamy talent bubbling throughout the university’s writerly community. Yes, think all involved, yes, this is the capital-t Truth I’ve been waiting for. Too long I have toiled in solitude on theoretical writing—this, this is applied writing, deployed in public, for the public, and the glory is almost too much to bear.
I have enjoyed every minute of my Spring Break, but unfortunately tomorrow means that I shall return to work! I honestly have missed all of my wonderful kiddos and can't wait to find out about the adventures they each had over the break!
Pub lunches.
I think that deep inside, I still feel like a kid. I still play, I still have the ability to be ridiculous and find the ridiculous. I don’t feel very old at all, and certainly not like the grown-up. And yet the dichotomy is that I am the one who cleans up the cat sick, or the baby vomit or triages the kids. (I should say at this juncture that there is another grown-up in my house – my husband – and he is very good about doing all of these things as well. However he seems oddly reluctant to be “the” only grown-up in our house).
Nxumalo, of the Alexandra Road police barracks in Pietermaritzburg, allegedly shot out the tyre of a Mazda on the N3 near Camperdown last Saturday.
My last card is all the same just in different colors.
Love, A. :)
Daniel Radcliffe, with whom Bonham-Carter worked on the Harry Potter films, has interviewed her for, er, Interview. Well it's more of a conversation really, with insights into the lives of both actors. They cover everything from the pressure of having an amazing family to Helena having to audition to be in her quasi-husband (they're only not married because of 'laziness' she says) Tim Burton's Sweeney Todd musical to wearing odd shoes to the Golden Globes. My girl crush on Helena Bonham Carter continues.
Tonight she sounds really pissed off.
Mrs President Agnès BRICARD
I'm standing in the middle of a yard in the suburbs. The sky is lightly spotted with fluffy clouds. Their wispy whiteness poofing out of the blue background. I feel a warmth come from my chest. This sensation is very familiar, although I don't remember ever having it before. In a few hearbeats, I figure out that this is the secret to flying. The warmth and tingling I feel eminating from within my chest is belief. A belief that encompasses my whole soul to the point of raising me from the earth's crust. As I ascend, I become very excited and tell myself aloud,
Sherrod, 62, told the paper the short clip left out the rest of the story, when she says she eventually worked with the farmer to help him avoid foreclosure, and became friendly with him and his wife. At the time, Sherrod worked with the Georgia field office for the Federation of Southern Cooperative/Land Assistance Fund.
"Your feeling is wrong."
I am disappointed in your company. I have a washer, WT4801CW, bought at the end of Jan. It failed, a service tech is coming on Wed. Your lack of planning is letting laundry mold in the machine because the it will not unlock. The washer died on Sat., April 28th, in the middle of a load, with the door locked and water in it. It would not open. The tech I spoke to on Sat, told me it would unlock when I drained the water. It was drained and did not unlock. Today I contacted your online chat, there is no way to open my it and get my clothes. I have a load of moldy clothes in my new machine. My laundry room smells, and the odor will never leave the machine or the room. When your tech shows up the clothes will have sat for four days and will have to be disposed of. I am uncertain what is in the washing machine, but a bill will be forthcoming for replacements. I hope that the machine does not contain any irreplaceable items. This is also posted on my blog at http://killerteacup.wordpress.com/
I think this book failed me on two different levels: the love scenes were pretty laughable and the plot was lame.
So Sayeth Otis
"...advertisers and television programmers must devise new strategies for combating the potentially disastrous effects of ad skipping." Jupiter Media
So, my friends, that's it for today! I have a few more things to show you this year and then I'll have to mess up my table again, I guess. LOL Yeah! I'm already thinking of cool neat stuff! Have a great day!
I'm thankful to get some crafting time in and play with my new goodies!
The joy and tranquility of that first evening seemed to start a ritual that was to last many days until all acid had run out and all of us had lost our minds.
They fell with their faces to the foe.
Franz Fanon once theorized--and I'm loosely paraphrasing--that culture
Get Real NY, an event production company, will present the two-day festival on Friday and Saturday, July 8-9, at the historic Altman Building.
A Jillian Vance Design Junior Design Team Member!!!
I kept questioning my sanity for reading this book as I turned more and more pages, eagerly following the zombie hero on his quest, followed by a literal rag-tag (and decomposing) team of misfit zombies who for reasons unknown also possessed a bit of consciousness. What a clever idea to narrate a zombie story from a zombie's point of view! And also gross. Because yes, this is about zombies, and nothing about their kind is pretty or cute. (Accept maybe the baby Isaac. Until he starts swimming in guts at feeding time.) I laughed out loud dozens of times. I also cringed as many times at the horrific milieu of the story. The author doesn't glorify her zombies, she presents them as they are: brain feeders.
2. Tell us something interesting about yourself.
I am so proud that mama still got it going on and made this new patron a very happy owner of her work!
So what does a Commander do when faced with bureaucratic idiocy at its finest? Say "Screw you, I'm in command, and I will issue my Soldiers the equipment that I deem is best."
Warren's attempt at fakery is nothing new. How often have pretenders to royal thrones come forth? How many people claimed they were the offspring of a king, a duke, a baron or a prince? Some forty candidates for the throne of Louis XVII, deceased son of Marie Antoinette and King Louis XVI, claimed to be the dead dauphin. A similar mob of pretenders, among them Anna Tchaikovsky (aka Anna Anderson), claimed they were the lost Anastasia of the Romanovs.
Looking back on my notes for the night they're punctuated with "lovely!" and "gorgeous!" and "the buttons!" and "want!".
Anyways, throughout the day, I just slept, ate, and played some games. I didn’t go out since I was tired from yesterday. It was funny, actually. I was up for an hour or so, played a few games, and then went straight back to sleep. It was around 7 or 8 in the evening, and I still wanted to go to sleep.
He is also accused under Section 132(2)(a) of the Companies Act 1965 of committing the offence without approval from an annual general meeting of NFCorp to gain profit directly.
The bane of the suburbanite lawn is actually a wonderful wild edible! They provide vitamins A,B,C,D and the minerals: copper, phosphorus, potassium, iron, calcium and magnesium. They have no look a likes so identification is easy and they can be found just about anywhere there is grass. They also provide all sorts of natural defense and remedies from maladies ranging from acne, gout and constipation to gallstones, arthritis and high blood pressure. Dandelions are great sautéed or as an addition to a salad. Eaten alone in abundance they have powerful diuretic properties which can deplete the body of needed water in a true survival situation where water may not be in abundance.
Much of the early history of Ireland is recorded in the Book of Invasions, which recounts the many times Ireland was conquered by foreign enemies. According to this chronicle, Lugh was the grandson of one of the Fomorians, a monstrous race that were the enemy of the Tuatha de Danann. Lugh's grandfather, Balor of the Evil Eye, had been told he would be murdered by a grandson, so he imprisoned his only daughter in a cave. One of the Tuatha seduced her, and she gave birth to triplets. Balor drowned two of them, but Lugh survived and was raised by a smith. He later led the Tuatha in battle, and indeed killed Balor.
I pick Summer up at the foot of her lawn the next morning, and she goes easy on me for today.
Canadian Plains Indians, the Innu, were moved by government into specially built estates. The Innu were effectively forcibly transformed into Canadians, just as Britons are being forcibly transformed into ‘citizens of the world’. Like us, the Innu are having their past erased and are being offered nothing for the future – despair has set in, as it is setting in on Britain’s sink estates. One important difference is that the Innu have been dispossessed by a different ethnic group(Canadian Globalists), whereas we are being dispossessed by our own elected representatives(British Globalists). In many young Innu, their deculturation manifests in drug and alcohol abuse and petty crime. More and more of Britain’s young people are similarly aimless, lacking in self-respect, without tradition or a sense of being part of something. Many of them have likewise started to prey on their own people. There have always been people at the bottom of the pile, but they used to develop within a cultural tradition to which they belonged, albeit peripherally. Most Young people do not misbehave out of endemic wickedness, but because they have been decultured. Thanks to a combination of social, cultural, political and now environmental pressures, many young people in this country have been effectively estranged from Englishness, severed from civilizing structures that their ancestors could take for granted. Buildings need to develop from traditions and renew those traditions with the sense of familiarity to helping civilise young people and minimise the viscious crimes we now have.
(BTW: I am 1 year older today.... thinking I don't like this Birthday thing anymore...)
Every so often there's a public questioning of why women have to shave. What's wrong with having hairy arms and legs, demands a rebellious female, to a wave of shock and outrage from her more conventional sisters.
Tiny butterfly punch - fiskars
Senior Editor, SovereignMan.com
This is, we're told over and over, a free country. I once heard a priest ask in a July 4th homily "Is any one of us truly free?" and I was so irked I still remember it bitterly. Yes, within the responsibilities I have undertaken and the accountability honor and law require, by my lights I am free. Just the fact that I'm writing this blog, an opinion, openly stated, against the laws of the State, proves that to some degree.
Anyway, hopefully normal service will soon be resumed.
Throughout the day, lawmakers mingled with education-technology lobbyists from leading firms, like Apex Learning and K12 Inc. Some of the distance learning reforms were taught in breakout sessions, like one called “Don’t Let a Financial Crisis Go to Waste,” an hourlong event that encouraged lawmakers to use virtual schools as a budget-cutting measure. Mandy Clark, a staffer with Bush’s foundation, walked around handing out business cards, offering to e-mail sample legislation to legislators.
One of the things I love about November is being able to host the "Giving Thanks Challenge". As difficult a year as I've had here on the farm, I still have much to be thankful for. And I plan on sharing some of those things with you next month. I know some of you have also had hard years, ranging anywhere from 1-10 on the "I-can't-take-it-anymore-ometer". But we need to stick together, encourage one another, and continue to be watchful for the blessings. They ARE there, and just might take a little bit of digging to uncover.
Over and above these, around the country there are still maybe a few thousand pubs that, while changed over the years, still present very much a traditional layout and atmosphere. A few examples from the local area would be the Griffin in Heaton Mersey, the Armoury in Edgeley and the Boar’s Head on Stockport Market Place. Some may dismiss this as having an affection for outmoded “old men’s pubs” that have no place in the modern world except as museum pieces, but in reality pubs were designed like this because they worked, and still usually provide a far better pubgoing experience than their more modern counterparts.
#12 - '59, Dude!
We’ve said it once and we’ll say it again: Truth is stranger than fiction. Or maybe it should be Snooki is stranger than fiction.
Lest you think that there are only the golden oldies at Treasure Mart, I present to you this brand new Ralph Lauren duvet and a faboo brass lamp that could easily go for ten times the price on One King's Lane. I couldn't help but think that several of my designer friends would appreciate it.
Tuesday night saw another quality start for a Roseburg pitcher and another win for the Roseburg Indians baseball team. The Indians welcomed the Ashland Grizzlies to Legion Field for a non-league match-up. Mike Morin took the hill for his fourth start of the year and limited the Grizzlies to just one run in an 8-4 victory for Roseburg.
Also, a big thank you to my co-guide Maggie. She is a fellow foodie from Taiwan and a trained chef as a well, so she added a lot of useful knowledge to the group.
He said his favourite tool to track the impact and reach of tweets is Tweetreach. I totally agree – I listed it as one of my ten favourite Twitter reporting and analysis tools in a previous post. I used it when the Crime Reports app was first launched, and noted at the time how the reach could be increased through organisations and individuals retweeting each other in a coordinated way.
E@L jumps in again here. Otherwise it's just gonna be Dan and Tom.
Now...... while I'm here, can I also say a big welcome to my new followers.... I'm really pleased you've found your way here and hope that you will stay a while. I love to read any comments you make - it makes my day!
21. Downhill Decoy (00:30)
Ok, back to the birthday girl.
His debut album “Doo-Wops & Hooligans” peaked at No.3 on the Billboard Albums chart and spewed two No.1 singles. The album was also nominated for an outstanding seven Grammys, earning Mars two wins
The smell of the bread baking was just as amazing though, yum! I probably cut into it before it was cool enough, but I just couldn't wait! If you go to the trouble of making homemade bread, you just must have it with real butter. It was delicious with just butter and even better with a little raspberry jam :) Made great toast the following morning too.
Its publisher, Dele Olojede, had distinguished himself by winning the Pulitzer Prize in journalism for his reporting on the Rwanda genocide. Until he relocated in Johannesburg, South Africa, he was foreign editor of the New York newspaper Newsday.
They have become readers and writers, mathematicians, and scientists. They can solve problems, share, and negotiate. Some can now tie shoes and zip zippers. They know how to follow routines, like packing up a back pack, cleaning up a mess when they make one, walk in line quietly like mice, or snowflakes, or butterflies and they can also tattle on each other. They have become pretty good at tattling on each other.
what makes really really good leftovers?
Most of the above I'd known for a while when I received an e-mail from a guy known as the Gonz over in England. He revealed to me that there was an Action Man sticker album released in the 1980s. And who should make an appearance in it but Rom! In the six-page Space Ranger adventure contained in the album, Rom is an android from the planet Zar, which has been conquered by another planet called Margax. Rom, still called a Space Knight, seeks to avenge his people and teams up with the Space Rangers to fight the aliens from Margax.
In the summary, investigators indicated that the Meqheleng Concerned Citizens (MCC) group under whose leadership most of the protests were conducted had some "personal interests" in the Setsoto local municipality.
Arrogance that is built on group membership grows stronger over time. People fall prey to a self-serving bias. They see their group in the best possible light. “People at my level know what is important. The people below haven’t got a clue.” In-group loyalty intensifies. Soon there are ‘people like us’ and ‘people like them.’ The people outside are depersonalized and easier to stereotype. The arrogant person can now, even subconsciously, pay attention only to that behavior which confirms why ‘those others’ are inferior.
I thought I was playing it pretty cool, seeing as how I was sitting across a table from my bff, Roseanne, and her sweet elderly mother..........
Mark: We're on our way home right now.
~Julia Cameron, “Point Zero” (The Sound of Paper)
The first in the series was Artemis, the Greek Goddess of the hunt, for January's full wolf moon...
Yes. I am a FanFiction-er. I read FanFics and I love them! I mostly read fictions of cancelled shows because I miss them and I am a person who can not be left wondering what happens next. Which is one of the reasons why I hate watching new shows. Because if I love it, and the masses do not watch it, it will be cancelled and I will be left weeping in a corner. It is what happened to Prime Suspect, and it is what happened to Chaos.
Add the meatballs to the pan with the sauce. Bring back to a low simmer, and cover with a tight-fitting lid. Simmer for 35 to 45 minutes, checking every now and then to make sure nothing is sticking to the bottom of the pan. You may have to use a heat diffuser. This one is made in Italy by Ilsa and works very well.
I was craving a lobster roll last night. I go to my new favorite lobster roll place to get one.
So can you imagine what would happen
He just has to make the decision, finally, then believe that he made the decision. So often it is a pretend decision, one he knows he will break (write that novel) like a traditional New Years Resolution.
As far as the ninja part of things, most of Ethan's training consists of him carrying around a coffin on his back throughout the Hong Kong countryside. Yes, he carries a full-sized coffin on his back. Now forget for a moment whether there is anything (or anyONE) in this coffin; it's still a coffin being carried all over on a guy's back. That makes this guy pretty much invincible already in my book. In Phantasm, Angus Scrimm's Tall Man was able to pick up a coffin himself and load it in a hearse... but carry it all over California? There's a reason his part wasn't played by a ninja, I guess.
Out November 8th
When volunteer management is pushed to the end of a long to-do list, new volunteers are not informed of what they can do next or how they can become more involved, and consequently donate their time elsewhere. In rural communities—where a small population also means a small volunteer pool—watershed groups can’t afford to lose volunteers as a result of poor management.
The new smell at the back of a baby's neck......
WWE did the right thing with the ending here, and despite Punk losing, he looked very good in this match, and it certainly makes me interested in seeing where we go from here.
With Theo's eight month birthday he reaches a milestone - I'm pleased to say he can at last sit up... although he still wobbles and crashes sometimes.
In fact, the move by Hulu toward the new model — called authentication because viewers would have to log in with their cable or satellite TV account number — was behind the move last week by Providence Equity Partners to cash out of Hulu after five years, these sources said.
Brynn*
A huge bowl of plantain chips should come with a mandatory order of beer. These deep-fried discs of plantain banana are predictably starchy, with a pleasant hint of sweetness. Their dryness is easily relieved by a dip in the pot of chili sauce, but a swig of beer would probably have been better. Between the three of us, we struggle to get through half the serving.
The UCLA Dance department and dance lovers from all over Los Angeles turned out Friday night at Royce Hall for the first of two UCLA Live performances by the singular Cedar Lake Contemporary Ballet. With versatile dancers who are as comfortable en pointe as they are perched flat footed on tabletops, the Cedar Lake ensemble of sixteen dancers executed the three evening’s offerings with arresting style.
The one and only exclusive way into the Kingdom of God is through Christ the door. It is not through any other religion and it is not even through the Christian religion of the churches and congregations today, because they have another Christ and they have some other kind of door. But the door, as it is laid out in the Bible and only through the Word of God, is the exclusive way to Heaven; and God’s people are the doorkeepers.
One of the hard parts about having mental issues is the isolation. Even when among with those that care, have their own issues, are trained professional, and even have that same disorders as you – you are alone. No matter how hard you try – no matter how good you are at expressing yourself – no matter how long someone has lived with you – no one is in your head (or even body), with you, experiencing what you experience.
~ This is important to me because my brother & close friend are gay.
“I Rode With Teddy Roosevelt”(working title)
One of the small houses is for sale and is offering viewings today. So I walk up and have a look around.
It often amazes me how people actually function in society! I mean I've been blonde all my life and suffered through countless jokes and teasing's about how there was nothing between my ears but air.. and 'TGIF' written on my shoes really meant "Toes Go In First" (Yes it was funny the first two times). But lately, I really do wonder, How do you get home? Cause the question your asking me causes me to shake my head and wonder if I need to send you a cab to lead you back to your people for a reboot!
We've also become serious about collecting guild dues, not only because we need the ready cash on hand, but because we believe that people might take the whole thing more seriously if they had a little buy-in.
The breweries will split the yield and the beer will be available today (er, uh, that is May 14)—so drink up Wyoming!
Raised beds - 4x4 or 2x4 - provide over 200 square feet to grow food, herbs, and medicinal plants.
When I think of how I want my art to come across--this is how I think of it. I don't want it to be realistic and perfect. I want it to be like something you'd see in a dream--colorful and fun--the same reason why people read the books that they do or go to those movies that take you to a special place for a couple of hours (me being one of them : ) This to me, is what art is--something that makes you smile.
...or The 3rd ALFBE (Annual Lamb Family Birthday Extravaganzzza)...or Christmas in July, because that's what it looked like.
Other - Cricut Art Philoshophy cartridge
I keep thinking of things I’d like to write about here but I’m simply more dedicated to my health blog right now. I just wanted to write a quick note and say things are well. I’m doing really well, actually. The efforts I am putting into my health are really paying off.
The law will become effective over the next few months, once rules determining eligibility for such legal assistance by the Bar will be adopted.
Do you divide your books into day and night reads? How do you decide?
Stamp: Fabulous Florets
To be honest, I haven't really been able to get a good feel for it yet. So far, it feels like a growing sprawl of a place, with relatively new enormous skyscrapers plopped down here and there without much plan. But some of the architecture is beautiful. The most famous landmark is The Petronas Twin Towers which dominates the skyline of the modern part of the city. Predominently an office building, it stands in a new development called KLCC (Kuala Lumpur City Centre) which has the best hotels, enormous shopping malls, a park, an aquarium, a concert hall.
DIs - peeled paint, mustard seed, spiced marmalade.
Mike Rowe is at the top of his game when he's just on the streets talking with people. Ford knew this and signed him on as their brand ambassador, giving a relatable, credible face to a strong automotive company with a weary future.
Gavin and Karina danced a tango. This was his best dance. Intense and controlled. The judges said his frame was bad. I thought his footwork was good. Carrie Ann liked it. Score - 23.
falling from the stars
I'm standing in the card aisle marked "Anniversary" and had just started reading my first card, when I hear someone behind me laughing...I knew immediately that I was totally busted!
I'm heading for the United States of America on Sunday, with my daughter, who is recovering from glandular fever, and we are spending a week at Miami Beach.
and he that despiseth me despiseth him that sent me. (KJV) So to hear the apostles was to hear Jesus. In time, not right away, they wrote some of this Gospel message down to be sent to different groups for different reasons. Here is my point though, not only did the Apostles write, but they preached as well. And not only did the audience receive the message, but they received the interpretation of that message which is equally as important. St. Paul says
I actually wrote my own obituary on Edward Kennedy, published at the time of his death on the Daily Telegraph readers’ website. It took the form of some musing by Sir Mordred, the rebel knight at the court of King Arthur (Sir Mordred Reflects on the End of Camelot). Here is part of his, sorry, my reflection;
Some might think one has to be a paraplegic to collect the monthly benefit, which isn’t true. Definitions for total disability vary, but the best one out of several variations will cover you if you’re unable to do the (material) duties of your occupation, even if you are working elsewhere, regardless of how much you earn.
When it comes to our children, often our fears are based on something that might happen in the future. The future that is so far away we have no idea what it will look like, a future that is ultimately beyond our control. Our fears are based on something that might happen in our children's future, did you notice, it's not your future.
This is one of the most basic techniques in aikido. It is considered safer and easier to do. It is a technique used to free one’s hand, rid your opponents’ of their weapon or to immobilize a person.
Soft springy underfoot, look pink sky,
Lesson: Don’t weigh your content down with self-indulgent excess, but make sure you’ve put in the time and thought to make it successful. Would your text-heavy article benefit from some graphics, or an explanatory video? Would your dry spreadsheet be more effective if the data were put into an infographic? Successful content is more than bare-minimum filler– it engages audiences and it delivers its point in the best way possible.
Not a pretty sight, right? I believed that if I had one piece of dark-wood furniture then the rest of the room had to match. I also insisted that brown and teal were the only colors I could use. Wow. I chuckle looking back at these photos because I thought I really had it together. Funny stuff. As my tastes quickly evolved I started replacing my furniture sets with vintage thrifted finds and Craigslist pieces. I also threw my color scheme ideas out the window and brought in colors that made me happy and complemented one another.
It's the home of the Fyfe Brewing Company which has been going for 17 years and I was hoping that there would be a couple of their beers on, but unfortunately not. The engaging owner told me that he now only brews a maximum of once a week and has also recently been having problems with his Nottingham yeast, so the in-house beers have been a bit less frequent. A shame, since I think I'd only ever had 2 of their beers (a long time ago), but I was more than mollified by the impressive line-up available that afternoon.
Alas, all is well this evening. I have 16 jars of perfectly canned "Alsatian Apricot Jam." I am waiting for breakfast to sample, but our neighbor, Louie, got a jar and already has eaten it spread on hotcakes and toast for dinner and he is jumping up and down!!
Yeah, ya like that? Kitty PottyPalooza? Ha!
i AM NOT GOING TO DISCUSS ANY POLITICAL ISSUE WITH YOU, UNTIL YOU MAKE A DECISION WHETHER YOU ARE INTERESTED IN LISTENING, REALLY FUCKING LISTNEING WITH EVERY FUCKING CELL OFYOUR BEING, AND YOU TELL ME AND MAKE A COMMITMENT THAT IS WHAT YOU WANT TO DO.
Onions, 3 pcs, cut into slices
How about any of you? What tales would you retell? What characters got short shrift?
Sitting on the couch, I was going over the time we had Rachael with us and when we could fit
Just want you to know
Next to the grenade pouch is a CAT-T tourniquet, attached to the PALS webbing of the belt itself. I've looked at a lot of the different tourniquet options available, and like most of what I see. The only reason I stay with the CAT-T is because I have a buddy that gets them for me for free (he's not a GI anymore, and they're not stolen U.S.G. property). Otherwise, I'd probably go with the TK-4, since the last time I checked, Chinook Medical had them for around $5.00 each, versus $25.00+ for the CAT-T (at a gun show last weekend, I saw CAT-Ts going for $40/each. That's fucking ridiculous!)
We must always keep our readers in mind. If they have to sift through a bunch of words that mean nothing and don’t add to the story, he’ll see reason to read farther. We are supposed to write in order to be read. Let’s give our readers something to grasp onto: some real meat and potatoes writing
Roasted and slightly sweet malt. I know it has no lactose in it, but it smells like that kind of sweetness.
Black Wonderful life UK
Nearly 38 percent of wives earned more than their husbands in 2009, according to the latest data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, up about 3 percent from 2008.
Learning.....
baby is over!
I’ve always been skeptical of relationships that have been broken and then put back together. Regardless of the reasons, and despite how strong they may now seem, don’t they necessarily have to be a little weaker, even if nowhere else, right down the seam of where the split was? They may look like new, but the scar is still there, and doesn’t it seem like they should be more susceptible to fresh breakage?
Now onto our top 3 challenge entries.
March 1 - March 31: 31 Artists/31 Days. Meet the contributors. On every day in March, 1 of the 31 spotlight artists from the book will be highlighted on my blog. Read their "quirky" artist statements written specifically for the book, see some of my favorite artwork from each, and read my personal thoughts about them all. Then head over to their sites to read about their experience of being in the book. And get ready to be eligible for a very special giveaway by simply leaving a comment.
Maybe that sounds like I want to grade based on effort, which is not entirely true. Teachers don’t give grades; students earn grades. I want students to earn grades based on either mastery of material as well as effort put forth to earn that mastery and realize that they achieved the letter that represents their work and skills. High school grades are often used as proof of a person’s potential for effort in employment; as such, I believe that while ability is very nice, diligence can be just as, or even more, important. I wasn’t at the very top of my class, but I stuck with my subject matter for longer than most, so I’ve gotten a lot further than people who had better grades than me. While teaching at the public school (a Title I school, filled with amazing kids from over 100 countries, lots of non-native-English speakers, and a 70-odd% poverty rate), I found that the kids who put in effort, even if they didn’t quite get my subject, were quite successful in other realms, and a very high number continued on to college.
Pin to hood of sweatshirt where you would like to attach them. Since it's a monkey, place on the sides. I used my walking foot and a zig zag stitch and sewed the crap out of these so they wouldn't fall off. The fabric is a bit thick, but I swear, you don't have to hand sew this. Again, feel free to glue or staple in place. Ears are done!
We all had a great time at the party - the kids played and the adults got to chat and catch up. Thanks for inviting us Janice! Hope everyone enjoyed the cupcakes, and hope you had a happy birthday Sofia!
From the perspective of my personal looking-glass, what I know for sure is that people decide what they want and believe what they want. No matter what you say or do.
Albert Einstein and his lesser-known (younger) contemporary, Russian astrophysicist Nikolai Kozirev, had similar but diverging ideas. Dr Einstein’s general theory of relativity gave birth to modern quantum physics, seeing time-space as a spiraling continuum; Prof. Kozirev proved the existence of a tangible energy source within the Universe which he called ‘ether’ that surrounds us, affects us and with which we merge. Quantum physics talks about this ether as ‘dark energy’, zero-point energy, ‘virtual particles’.
LS: I help the Dinettes create something from their ideas, realize their dreams. That means coordinating the logistics involved, from inviting everyone to rehearsal to writing down the movements in the order we've decided. Being like a constant rock in the sea through the process, while the group creativity swirls around. Helping the new ones decorate their tails (like I did with you, MerMel) and apply their false eyelashes on the bus. So our diverse group of amateur performers hits the parade with the confidence and charisma of seasoned pros.
I stood in line for the body scan thing, and hey, no big deal. I just stood in the machine, raised my hands up, then this thing circled me, and that was it. Less than 5 seconds. So… to all the people who dare complain about it… SERIOUSLY?! This is what you’re making a big deal out of? What a bunch of babies, all of you.
This year, I used a mixture of leftover bacon fat and sausage grease. It was messier, but we'll see if it works as well. Also, I buried the eggs in last year's ashes, and I found I couldn't pack the eggs as closely. It would have been better to empty the ashes into another container and layer them back in as I went.
With amazing respect and an attitude of professionalism, yesterday (Monday) Amble said they would honor a belated entry, as the obvious technical difficulties were beyond my control!
(Interlude: Salma Yaqoob’s support of IslamoTerrorism goes back to 1998
The game began normally enough with Drago and Vlad heading right towards the Skorne and the Kodiak running towards my Shock troopers. Turn two saw drago engage the light warbeasts of Skorne doing enough damage to kill one, unfortunately for Drago the Skorne heavy charged in and smack him around until he was no more.
"Um, could it be, I don't know, if they are yellow in the sunlight and they are yellow in artificial light, well, could it be that they are actually fucking yellow?"
Mastering: CQ
By Glenda A. Bixler
As most of you know 4 months ago we moved about 45 minutes away from our city and decided to move to the country. Country being 20 minutes from the nearest grocery and gas station. We're not really far out.
The first two lines on the mosaic plaque say:
The flip-side of the model though, is what to do with the extra time created in the classroom.
It was Friday night and I was watching TV in my jammies. I was kicked back and relaxed after a hard day at work - the only light on in my house was light from the TV. It was late but not too late.....maybe 9:30 or so.
After eating this batch I realized they were very similar to a Tex-Mex candy we could purchase after eating at local Dallas, Texas establishment like El Fenix. Chewy goodness to ward off the spice of the meal. Or add some spice to keep the momentum going!
Dimsum combo, 8.95 each x 2= 17.90 bucks.
Thanks for that, Craig. Love your work! Thursday’s post continues on with a cricketing focus and how sometimes, you just can’t ever win…
Yeah, my youth was pretty idyllic.
#3 Wednesday, June 8 – 8:00 ET – FOX – So You Think You Can Dance
to rewrite the swirls
Markers of Success (Smell Like Strawberry): The Redheaded Slut writes about what makes a relationship a success, and her thoughts resonate with me strongly. I think she's captured some real truths.
Have I failed to mention that my son is a strange, silly little man? If I have never mentioned it before, let me make it known now: the kid is WEIRD. But I really like it. Gabe has a handful of those "touch and feel" books. You know--the ones with different textures that help with sensory development? I kept seeing him wander off with one of the books. He would open it up and lay his head on it. I thought he was trying to tell me he was sleepy, so I would put him down for a nap. Then I realized that he was doing it ALL THE TIME. What the...? So I finally paid closer attention to what page he was doing this with....
All these were absolutely inconceivable to me. I was taught that there is only one path in life- school, work, marriage, kids. Someone who deviates from that path is seen as strange and indeed as one who warrants sympathy. Hence, I had faithfully followed that path, trying hard to do well in university so as to be able to find a good job and thus be settled for life.
Palate: Slightly bitter. Flat sprite, pears, freshly cut timber, malt, pepper, grapefruit.
“What are you drinking it out of?” She further enquired
In brief, religions that are “here” religions tend to be domestic in focus. The officiants at “here” religions are the heads of families (in the ancient world, usually the eldest male/pater familias), the focus is various parts of the home, including the home shrine (but also encompassing the hearth, the threshold, bedrooms on certain occasions, and other locations), and the concerns of “here” religions are expectably domestic issues like birth and death, the health and well-being of the family, and of material abundance and prosperity. “There” religions are temple-based, and often communal in nature; as a result, they have recognized and trained (or at least communally acknowledged and nominated) sacred specialists–i.e. “priests” and other religious functionaries–as well as particular rules of engagement, including ideas about purity, persons to include or exclude for various reasons, acceptable ways to interact with the deities in temple-space, and so forth. The focus of “there” religions can overlap with that of “here” religious activities, but the overall tendency is to be less individual and familial and more communal, whether this is “communal” on a local or civic level, a more national or regional level, or in a more international fashion. The Eleusinian Mysteries and cultus of Greece would fit this model perfectly. “Anywhere” religions, however, are another matter altogether, because they can involve practitioners doing their practices wherever they happen to be. As a result, the theological notions that accompany these religions tend to be ones of omniscience or omnipresence of deities, or at least the ability to be able to contact deities wherever one happens to be regardless of the availability of a temple, shrine, or community. These types of religion tend to arise during periods in which there is a great deal of cultural contact and movement–often in the context of transnational empires–and they are popular amongst groups of people who tend to be widely traveled, like soldiers, merchants, or imperial bureaucrats and officials. Both Christianity and the Mithraic cultus fall into this category.
we start by showing you which cards each girl has
Very exciting. It seems like he’s writing in response to something, but I can’t figure out what. I tweeted him back, saying “Thanks! Have any healthy recommendations? You’re the chef!” No response yet, but will keep you posted if I get one!
Over the past weeks, my few girlfriends were responsible for uplifting me. Last Friday, I had dinner with Lani, my MBA classmate turned friend. When I was completing my MBA, I gained a family of friends. We had our own memorable escapades out of town. I later realized that not all of them are "for keeps." After our academic years, most of them were gone and only Lani remained. Thank God I had Lani that time. If I didn't meet Lani, I might went on a shopping splurge again and went home with my usual cry cry crayola moments.
My European Nightcrawlers arrived a day before I thought they would and I had to throw this together at the last second.
1/ I married my American wife just 3 days after we'd met for the first time.
8.) What does your typical submission plan look like?
I'm still stoked that I don't have school. Or anything I have to read. Or study. Or use my brain for. Love it.
Overall this was a pleasant 4 hours or so wandering round Nether Edge and Greystones, and one which I would do again, and can highly recommend. Some of the beer range may have been a bit safe and reliant on stalwart brews but that doesn't matter when the beer is well kept, and across the board, prices were generally £2.80 - £3.00 a pint.
While browsing the reviews and the movie website, I learned that it’s a Christian movie (read: it has an agenda) and one its supporters is Bethany Christan Services (which is one of the partnerships for the trip I’m going on). Other supporters include Focus on the Family (gag) and Heartbeat International, among others. Given what I know about Holt International and Bethany Christian Services, I can imagine what the main agenda is– give your child up for adoption! It’s god’s plan! And it’s what’s best for you and your baby!
Get the Podcast:
Below is a trailer for the film.
This review is peppered with spoilers, so you if don’t want to hear any don’t read it!
I haven’t watched this, but am considering checking it out on DVD because Rachel Bilson is good on TV. I don’t think I’ll love it enough to be upset if there isn’t a second season, but I certainly wouldn’t mind it.
He handed me a $600 turtleneck sweater in thinly threaded bands of rainy gray and elderly white.
Wash the shrimp, pat them dry with a paper towel and set them aside.
And towards our distant rest began to trudge.
Exposure – 1/400″
Yes, it’s me. I hope you weren’t expecting another filth-fest from Dirk about copulation with all sorts of people, places, and things. I’m happy to say that that knuckle-dragger isn’t getting this bit of low-hanging fruit. This is a natural topic for dealing with through cooking.
Don't judge me, people. I'm just trying to appease the hostiles.
When I discovered that sons 2 and 3 had an unusual dental anomaly, I went straight to google to find out more. Most of the information I found was in medical and dental journals, resulting in several long, dictionary-supported reads.
Despite this Jason Kenney comes off as being weary about increasing levels and I can imagine why. Simply put, it is too damn expensive as is with diminishing returns with each new cohort; the immigration system costs more than it is worth with immigrants reaping the benefits at the expense of Canadians. For this reason it's financially unfeasible to up immigration targets high enough to reverse an aging demographic trend.
~ William Stafford
“Glen Lyon’s Cailleach is more benign. She is remembered for looking after the cattle that once grazed these high grounds. ‘Strange and terrible’ things are said to happen to anyone who dares disturbs her wintering grounds in Gleann Cailliche.“
I used Tracey's "star" image which I colored with my Copics. I used some paper from my CTMH stash which I sponged with Barn Red. I added some nailhead brads, twill ribbon and stamped "THANKS" from one of my many thank you stamp sets. All papers and embellishments are CTMH.
His outburst was met with uncontrollable giggling. Next, Emma couldn't wait to see what sound I would make.
Stamp - Bella with presents - Wild Rose Studio
Mom: "Do you have baby Amy?" (referring to a doll of ours)
Sunflowers
It has not been a year since our reunion. Several years before we parted ways for the underlining fact that she is not accepting a balanced Female to Female role.
5. Fibre also decreases the time it takes for food to pass through our digestive system, reducing constipation (along with a good fluid intake.)
The Robes and the Crown
After spending the last four days housebound, due to very bad allergies, I had the worst case of cabin fever! I HAD to go and do something today, if only for a little while! So when Dusty got home from work, the three of us headed up to the hills to a nursery that we like, to buy the plants for our summer garden. We usually try to plant our garden around Memorial Day weekend, thinking that we are now safe from anymore freezes.
She has many more but considers these as the best.
And alot of the time we jsut spoke about stupid things, alot of the time i would talk to him about how i felt being a mum and with the baby.
I managed to spend a little and one of the items I bought was a birdcage die by Marianne designs, along with a bird on a branch. Last night I was having a look at my new toys and wondering what to play with and ended up making this.
Beyond completing my Hawaii bucket list, and having so many other fantastic experiences I can’t even begin to tell you in this blog post, I feel so blessed to have spent this time with my dad, step mom and two sisters. Thank you Dad and Uncle Michael for a truly unforgettable vacation.
or by withholding valuable knowledge or information about the world. (deception)
Very pleasant overall, look forward to trying the other beers from the brewery.
At the same time, Hobart and William Smith Colleges (HWS) sponsored a showing of a documentary entitled "The Anatomy of Hate," by Mike Ramsdell, who also led a discussion about the film. The Geneva Human Rights Commission attended the film screening instead of going to hear Atzmon, something that McGowan complained about The Commission also placed an ad in the Finger Lakes Times called “10 Ways to Fight Hate.” About 110 people attended the film screening, while only about 30 went to hear Atzmon.
Paula - Go back to cooking the way you did ten years ago. Make satisfying southern cuisine from scratch and throw a few surprises our way now and then. Stop the cackling. Cook food that you would be proud to serve in your restaurant. I mean it about cutting back on the cackling. Stop shilling for Smithfield.
So yes--everything that happened that made you think "gee, I'm pretty sure the American justice system doesn't work this way" or "I'm pretty sure Frederick's of Hollywood doesn't provide prison uniforms" was done on purpose. Set your minds to "blown" because you just got pantsed by a sleazy genre movie.
Elements of Blue Moon Promise reminded me of the story of Isaac and Rebekah in Genesis (considering that there are multiple references to this story, I think it's fair to say we should make that connection). Lucy's father has died in a tragic accident, and her stepmother opted to leave her two children - Jed and Eileen - with Lucy while she moseyed off with her boyfriend. It's a bleak situation, made worse by the fact that Lucy suddenly finds herself unemployed, evicted, and being followed by a stranger. When one of her father's former friends shows up with a proposition, Lucy decides it's God's answer to her problems, and she agrees to marry his son - Nate - by proxy.
Each week he'd focus on different areas of cooking - bread, meat, seafood, desserts. The week he taught how to cook meat, he made a honey cider glazed pork that looked to.die.for. He used pork belly and let it slow cook for 4 hours in the oven. Heaven help me! *swoon*
The door to his office was open and you could hear the great American classicist Norman O. Brown chewing out an undergrad: "You don't have the courage to drop out of school!"
I would get her extremely “furax”(I am gifted like that) ….her eyes would
Online college degree also offers you the unique advantage of studying at your own pace. You can decide when where and how you wish to study and complete your assignments. Examinations are held online or at a nearby study center. Many of the courses qualify you with your assignment evaluation. This however can prove to be a disadvantage in case you are lazy and do not have the drive to sit down and follow a schedule on your own. It calls for a lot of self-discipline to be able to study on your own.
When reality hits and they realize they are just another human being that will be taken care of when it’s possible it discourages not only them but anyone they ever talk to again in their lives.
Once Sonam was an infant with red cheeks, like Sunny Poti. Now she works close in the last light, as cold descends under a faint half-moon. Soon night will come, and she will creep through her narrow door and eat a little barley; what does she dream of until day-break, when she does out on her endless quest for dung? Perhaps she knows better than to think at all, but goes simply about the business of survival, like the wolf; survival is her way of meditation. When I ask Jang-bu why Sonam lives alone all winter in the upper village when she might use an empty house near Namu, he seems astonished. “She has the habit of that place,” he says. Pg 222-223
I was looking for a little adventure the day I ditched my tour group. But finding a comatose town, with a hot-looking chick asleep in it, was so not what I had in mind.
Lurking in the shadows is my need to work. Like many accounting professors, I didn’t get started until my late 30s. My savings aren’t where they need to be to provide a desirable retirement lifestyle. Professors who share my circumstances often joke about dying in the saddle.
As writers, we tend to be interested in everything. As freelancers, it is in your best interest to be interested in everything. You are, after all, always looking for work, and the good freelancer is the one who can turn his skills to whatever comes along. There’s an urgent sense to be whatever the latest client needs us to be. This is actually inefficient, however – it’s better to master one thing, then sell it to lots of different markets, then trying to master ten things for one market.
Congratulations to you all, please contact Jenni at the address on the sidebar for prize details and to collect winner and top 3 badges and thanks again for joining in with our challenge, we hope to see you all playing along again!
Ogden Museum of Southern Art, New Orleans, LA (as of 9-12). David Houston, curator, reported on 9-6 that all staff are fine. The museum came through the storm just fine. The Biloxi Sun Herald reported on 9-12 that Houston said the art was secured during the storm in the upstairs vault and guards placed at the door until the National Guard arrived after the storm. He said there was no water in the building.
30.01.82 Swindon Oasis
Our Chookies are going really well, the little girls are now 16 weeks old, they certainly love their food and we put them in the back garden to clean out the wandering dew, which they did with great delight. They are five wonderful little personalities all different. They are scared of Rosie, who is at the top of the pecking order, from watching them I have noticed they even have a little pecking order starting among themselves. One of the black hens I have called Harriet as she is a great escape artist. If you need to know if something can be escaped from the just put Harriet in there and you will find out very quickly.
For those of you that don't know, I get my produce direct from farmer at a fair price - sourcing all my produce by hand. Food Connect makes this slightly easier by having a larger variety and more sources on hand than I do and selling to me when I run short. They also provide me with my weekly CSA box, which I absolutely adore for my style of eating.
That's about all I have to say...I took off any time I wasn't at a program or on the desk and worked from home. Siiiiiiick.
Fatty keeps on sputtering and finally I pick out the PIN: 9-8-7-6. Not very creative, Vacuum Man. Jae pockets the card and sprints out. I’m stuck with the fat son of a bitch. Fucking rock-paper-scissors.
Anyway, because humans are the default setting–where we begin, necessarily and ultimately, to paint our picture of alien life–efforts have been made across the specfic genres to give humans something special to make them unique. After all, if there’s nothing special about us, that means we aren’t awesome, and we’re obviously awesome, right? The trouble is, when everybody else is better at certain things than we are (Klingons are better warriors, Vulcans are better thinkers, Betazoids are better diplomants, Ferengi are better buisnessmen…), whatever are we better at than everyone else? Here are some of the more common theories:
I have, what's known in layman's terms, as "Chronic Lost Keys Syndrome."
At least, that’s what I do. I know I can handle it because I’ve done it before. My drama queen teen-ager and young adult years has given me enough insight on how to do it without hurting others. It’s a totally and completely a personal thing and a personal moment. Solitary confinement.
Sharing life with incredible friends means having people to walk through the struggles and battles of life. Furthermore, it means having great friends to celebrate life's victories with who are just as excited about your good news as you are. Nothing compares to the richness of living life in a beautiful, loving and caring community. May you all live life within a community that can share in every moment with you.
-Sugar Cookies
“It will not tell of how on Bloody Sunday he left the Free State army and walked home to join in the struggle for freedom, independence, and peace.
The second scale of innovation was organizational. In my last post, I said I would wish away the notion that Minami was now going to be working with all the other school clubs. That didn’t work. Minami still helps out the other clubs, but they handled it so well I can’t complain. The baseball team is used to assist the other clubs in ways that are mutually beneficial. Two good examples are the joint training sessions with the track team, and her asking the brass club to support the baseball team at games. By crossing club boundaries, Minami has spread growth (innovation) throughout the organization (Hodokubo High).
53 can't
Label: Sony Music
Barton, Brian. The Secret Court Martial Records of the Easter Rising, U.K., 2010.
Messy you say? Why yes, yes it is! BUT I did the same trick a lot use for the water marbles, and taped up around my nails to catch the huge mess, and it did pretty good!
Dec 1996 Hawaiian judge rules in favor of marriage being applied to same-sex couples
“No I’m not – it’s still my room, you know.”
But since I made somewhat of a conscious decision to go out a bit less, and spend more time doing whatever with Ross at home, I love it. One of the biggest reasons I married this man was because he's so damn fun to talk to, and trust me, I talk his ear off. I know this sounds almost silly for two people who are married, but now that we have more stuff in common, our conversations have upgraded. Conversations are extremely important to me, period, but they should be especially important with your husband, right?
In a large skillet, over medium heat, cook onion in two tablespoon of butter, stirring occasionally until tender and about to turn brown. This takes time, so be patient.
#4 – Literally, don’t put all your eggs in one basket!
ps: Please follow this link to see some more snaps from the same series here. This page is on FB, kindly login to check the same. I will try to upload these pictures on Flickr for easy viewing.
Trust is earned over time. So give it a fighting chance.
The 1960 version featured Jack Nicholson and the 1986 version featured Steve Martin. It sure is an interesting choice of project for Levitt. What do you think?
The Korowai and the Kombai are distinct ethnic groups, each with their own language, but they do manage to interact and also share similar cultural practices. They are skilled hunter-gatherers whose men track prey including cassowary and wild boar. They still trade in objects like bone jewellery and knives, and may have only been introduced to metal and our idea of clothing in the 1970s, when the first missionaries arrived. Utensils such as bamboo shards are used to slice meat, shells to hold water, and heated stones in place of cooking vessels
Grazie mille to everyone who took the time to read nyc/caribbean ragazza!
We filled out some more papers and talked to the psychologist about the emotional toll IVF can have on us personally as well as a couple. Overall the Dude and I have talked in length about most things she brought up and are feeling confident in each other and the program.
My other 2 (older) sisters were taken by my mom's parents whom the mother was an alcoholic and I later on learned that her real father had died and had been an artist who would hit my mother with empty beer bottles as a child. Again, those are bits and pieces of stories from different parts of my family members at different times of my life.
I’m pretty sure that I have used that title before but oh well…I haven’t updated forever because our lives have been a little hectic lately and I really haven’t taken any pictures! But here are a few things that are coming up around the house that I’m really excited about!
This weeks project Monday challenge was to document a day. Similar to last weeks, just takes as many or as little photos to document a day in your week. I decided to do Saturday. Saturday was an impulse. I think it was Thursday I mentioned to Daved that we should pack a picnic basket and spend the day lounging on the beach at Tahoe. Considering there is still snow atop Mt. Rose, we decided it might be too cold to swim in Tahoe's icy waters. So I suggested Pyramid lake, then we could bring our dog, Penny, and she could swim too.
I’ve been bemoaning the trend of short-sleeved sweaters this winter for the same reason. I saw many lovely long sweaters in the stores… with short sleeves. Who wears short-sleeved sweaters anyway? If it’s cold enough for a sweater, it’s cold enough for sleeves…. but I digress.
Schaumburg I, Olsen J. Risk of spontaneous abortion among Danish pharmacy assistants. Scand J Work Environ Health 1990; 16: 169-174.
Elizabeth M Schneider & Stephanie M Wildman (2011) Women and the Law Stories (Foundation Press)
It's stressful in there.
The trouble with this guy is that he seems to have forgotten that he is now an elected legislator and that public status certainly demands a certain degree of decorum on his part.
"Yes," i say, "Thank God."
These three things: friendship, laughter and murder, formed the foundation for what was initially called ‘Bracken Hill’ – until I discovered that was a jam company. Then the supernatural stuff kicked in. I don’t know if I was trend-predicting or not, but there was always going to be some sort of supernatural weirdness in the mix.
I don't think the problem is the query letter. I think it's the novel. Some novels you need to write to get them out of your system, but not all novels should be shopped. I have a feeling this might be one of those.
Appreciative of beauty
“Facts? Since when were you concerned with the truth?”
Jesus was a part of my life from the beginning. My parents and extended family made sure I knew of him. I learned the Bible stories of Jesus: his birth, the miracles, the compassion, the teachings, the forgiveness, and the Resurrection. The stories of Jesus were more familiar to me than nursery rhymes or Dr. Seuss’ The Cat in the Hat. Being introduced to If Jesus Came to My House was one of the first times I remember thinking about “doing” or “being” because of my knowledge of him.
In Your Charge (10)
I had so much fun creating my very first Kaiser Beyond the Page project... it was even more fun doing all the designing on my Gypsy!!!! I'm in LOVE with my G!!!
The re-use of names for several characters. More than once I’ve had to flick to the character glossaries to find out who I was reading about. I also had to do some background reading on the Targaryens, although I’m sure if I carry on reading, their history and ancestry will be explained further.
Take him and cut him out in little stars,
MOM: Yes. I guess we are.
Number one; Yokes are destroyed. Isaiah 10 v 27 says the anointing destroys the yoke, when the fire of God fell on Samson, all the ropes binding him were burnt, they were not just cut but they were burnt. Because the fire that came down is the fire from the Almighty God and Hebrew 12 v 29 says our God is a consuming fire, so when the fire of God comes down, yokes seen and unseen are destroyed by the fire of God. And I am praying for someone here tonight, that whatever yokes may remain in your life, that which is not letting your life to prosper, that which have been hindering your legs from making progress they shall be consumed tonight in Jesus name.
“Amnesty International is deeply concerned about Eknaligoda. He disappeared on 24 January, 2010, a few days after publishing an article critical of the most influential politician in Sri Lanka,” McDonald said.
Allied to the vented endplate the new front wing also sports revised cascades, still split into two span-wise sections,. But the two sections are now more aggressive and flanked by endplates.
- water
I have recently run a series on here, Foundation Paper Piecing For The Terrified, where I covered a lot of the basics of how I prepare both patterns and fabric for foundation paper piecing. I always print out a copy of the template for each block I want to make, plus a copy for a cutting guide and a copy to see what I'm working towards. In order to get the full circle I needed 4 copies for the base, however because of how the centre of the block works, I had to dig out my trusty light box and trace the pattern through to get 2 in reverse. Here's my bases ready to go - please note that unlike in my regular blocks, I left the seam allowance on to make sure I got the curves correct:
For you have been a stronghold to the poor, a stronghold to the needy in his distress, a shelter from the storm and a shade from the heat; for the breath of the ruthless is like a storm against a wall
That puts me in a good mood to clean, de-clutter & organize!
One such example is a case in which a panel decision “conflicts with the authoritative decisions of other United States Courts of Appeals that have addressed the issue.” Fed. R. App. P. 35(b)(1)(B). Of course, after this panel issues its opinion, Lewis may still move for rehearing en banc. See Fed. R. App. P. 40.
Now Akitsu wrestles with his conscious to join Yaichi and his band or take on different employment that doesn’t quite suit his excellent sword skills. He comes to meet the rest of Yaichi’s band including Ume, who runs a tavern with his daughter, and the beautiful Otake who has a gentle kindness that Akitsu finds overwhelmingly charming. Then there’s Matsu who helps investigate and set up each kidnapping. While they are criminals, they are far from criminal scum that Akitsu has met in his life.
Speaking of stories to tell, I also pushed myself and wrote a picture book (in addition to the middle grade I am working on with the best author partner in the world, yes I'm biased). I entered it in a contest! The book is found here and if you like it, please pass it around the blog-o-sphere and encourage your friends, family, relatives and the guy down the street to stop by my story page and "like" it too! Click the caption below for more on the rules and MeeGenius!
'What city was like the great city?'
Holy Moly where did March go!? April is going by pretty quick too! JR has been super duper busy with school and is using the computer for school work, so I am not on here to blog much! :O) So I thought I'd hop on while I had a free moment to catch up the blog a bit.
E.H. Wolf and Sons, Inc.: 414 Kettle Moraine Drive, S. Slinger, WI 53086, 262-644-5030. Offers B2 (good for any diesel engine). Open 24 HRS.
Clostridium difficile Infection: Emerging Therapies and Recurrence Prevention-Rates of CDI incidence, hospitalizations, and deaths have been increasing in recent years, suggesting that current management of this condition may be suboptimal. Although much has been discovered regarding the role of gastrointestinal flora in the pathogenesis of CDI, the mechanisms of recurrent disease and poor outcomes remain elusive. Surveys of practice patterns suggest that healthcare professionals are unaware of or fail to utilize optimal methods for managing patients with CDI. Given the recent updated guidelines for CDI, combined with several new agents emerging for this disease, it is important that healthcare professionals be aware of the most current research and recommendations for the management of CDI.
Layla, as McCool’s yes-woman, also spent a good amount of time selling the offense of her opponents while McCool would sporadically wrestle decent matches.
Chaos is a Child
Here is to furthering our personal jewelry journeys!
The combination of the stories collected in Cold Grey Stones not only gives a good overview of Tanith Lee's broad range, but it's also a wonderful jumping-off point to explore her work further. The book opens with a lovely introduction by Ian Whates, who recounts his first encounter of Lee's work on the form of the first two volumes of The Secret Books of Paradys. He waxes quite lyrical about them and, as luck would have it, my husband brought an omnibus edition of these books home last year, so I'll be able to follow in Whates' footsteps and explore more of Tanith Lee's work. If you haven't encountered her writing before, but like me have heard a lot of good things about it, Cold Grey Stones is an excellent introduction. If you're a long time fan, it will provide you with some lovely new work or previously printed work you may not have encountered before. In either case, Cold Grey Stones comes highly recommended and is well worth your reading time. Cold Grey Stones is available in the UK as a signed, limited hardback edition and in both Kindle and ePub-formats everywhere.
I'd say (1a) is probably my go-to look. With new pants it's kind of a pain because there are no prior creases from previous folds, so it takes a bit of trial and error to line up both legs evenly. (2b) is one that I don't wear often and today is the perfect opportunity to change that. Unless you look closely, the cuffs are barely visible with black pants. I don't know why I haven't tried this sooner, but this look is slowly growing on me. As the saying goes, there's a first time for everything.
EXPIRED: 05/19/10 – Jerry Stark, 55, would have probably died while working on the assembly line at General Motors if it weren’t for croquet.
Ethnic rivalries are often blamed for the violence in eastern Congo, but they are a tool rather than a cause. The main reason for the violence is:
Though if they are anything like the Librarian I would hope they have a Babelfish in their knapsack. Then, maybe, I could talk to Dad too.
And, these are flowers from my loving husband, letting me know everything is going to be okay and to cheer me up. Completely made my day! and today too! I love coming home to flowers!
Yup. We have 4 bedrooms and 2 very small bathrooms. But I'm thinking of moving the boys' "bathroom" to the backyard.
‘Cause it’s a bittersweet symphony, this life:
Moreover, not only is Europe not in the same kind of economic and social crisis that engulfed it during the 1930's, the existence of a powerful global Capitalist Boom, means that the resources are readily available to prevent any such crisis. But, even more importantly, the bourgeoisie are not under any kind of threat to their rule, by a powerful working class, led by an organised revolutionary party. In short, the Far Right have not been called into existence by the Capitalist Class, but largely against the interests of the Capitalist Class. For a relatively stable entrenched bourgeoisie, the rise of the Far Right only poses problems, because of the instability and unpredictablity they bring with them.
Sorry no walking today. I did enough around the house with packing and bringing stuff up and down the stairs.
Live Active Enzymes - Active Enzymes are generally only found in foods
The children and grandchildren have moved on to the other families......
Anyway. The point is that astronomers look at stars in galaxies and at groups of galaxies and observe how they move. Using relativity, they can say how much mass must be present - and therefore how strong gravity must be - to make them move the way they do.
Brazil is in the news today with the announcement that a seventh minister of Brazil’s current government could soon be forced to resign because of another corruption scandal.
We gave each other gifts, traded our art, Barb, the candy lady melted down the last of her Belgian milk chocolate and we poured it over ice cream and added the nut crumbs from the English toffee to make luscious sundaes. I always miss the other artists during the rest of the year. We have a great little community out there.
Papa: Still to high (stands on his tiptoes and reaches)
So how to categorize these? Although in my earlier article I had somewhat flippantly referred to the wider center band Press Clips as "II 1/2," other examples that have surfaced since then indicate that there was no band wider than that produced in the Press Clip series, so I believe to be consistent, Press Clips with a wide center band would be "Press Clip III."
Whenever the fans start questioning Wenger the pundits always respond to the calls for his head with the question: “Well if not Wenger, who else?”
I think it'll be nice to be on the road again. Too much luxury seems to soften me, makes me forget to do things. Things like read books, build campfires, count shooting stars, listen to the howling and growling of the wildlife, and update my blog. Time to change all that.
How do you deal with anger?
Part Two, “Tale of the Honey Island Swamp Monster” sounds like something straight out of a 1950s B-movie. And it should, because in this section Jay Michael thoroughly debunks numerous plaster casts of an alleged Swamp Monster footprint. In fact, Michaels tracks down an actual 1970s-style shoe glued to a phony man-made foot, obviously used by a hoaxer to create fake imprints on the ground.
Here are links to the submissions:
One would think all of this terribly inappropriate for a boy, and yet it was this last part of Carla - her political consciousness and NOT the sex education material - that offended the other employees. And it was her suggestion that I come to a "rally" for something I barely understood called the ERA or Equal Rights Amendment that would prove to be most problematic for many around me. This thing called the ERA seemed most important for her. She said that children should come as much as women, and that the more men stood up for it it would be seen as having support and as being for families. I began to be a zealot for the ERA and my first act at school was to try to tell my peers and teachers about it and I would call out criticism of it, such as the line that it would make men and women the same and have to share the same toilets, as slander aimed at preventing women from having what was rightfully theirs. My parents got so many notes telling them that I was not to take a strong political stand on controversial issues because I disrupted the school.
I'll update you all on what happens next, but, trust me, had I known their customer service policy was this shitty I wouldn't have accepted the phone.
At the northwest corner Martinez spotted Whitman, who was sitting with his back to the parapet. Whitman had the drop on Crum, and was looking south. Martinez fired, Whitman turned, shot at Martinez and missed, and Martinez emptied his .38 into Whitman. McCoy stepped up and fired two rounds from his 12- gauge into Whitman’s head. Whitman slid down onto his back on the deck. Martinez grabbed McCoy’s shotgun and pumped one more round into Whitman’s limp body for good measure.
There you are. There YOU are. You are a swimmer. You are a dolphin. You are more acutely aware of changes in temperature than you have ever been. Fun isn’t it? And don’t worry, no one else has to know. It’s you’re own little fun treat for yourself. A very inside joke that keeps an ever slight smile on your face.
Watching back the epic film of me
At your 9 month check up you weighed 19lbs 4oz. and were 28inches long. Your head circumference is 17 3/4 inchs. According to Dr. M, you are in the 75% percentile on height and weight. You are still wearing mainly 9 month clothes, but there are a few 12 month onsies that we have started wearing. You are long in the torso, so we need all the room we can get. Good thing you're a girl! We get much more wear out of dresses :) Notice anything about the bed in the above picture? Finally had to lower it!
I really didn’t have much to say about Mass Effect 3′s ending other than it sucked big time. In terms of bad endings I would put it up there with Haute Tension and Signs in terms of nonsensical horseshit that destroyed what came before it. Haute Tension in particular seems to be an apt comparison. The majority of Haute Tension is a brilliant, white knuckle horror film. While I sat in the theater watching it, I felt that this film was going to revitalize the sagging horror genre during the mid-2000′s. It was a four star classic and was on its way to get on my short list for greatest horror films ever made. That was until the ending.
I just hope someone comes along and gives me a firm kick in the pants one of these days.
Natural Suburbia: How do you balance mothering, crafting and homemaking?
So, how much effort did this take? All it needed was a dedicated group of individuals, creative ideas, and a little bit of time to actually make it happen.
She grunts and eventually opens her eyes. When she comes to, I can tell she is shocked to find herself in this place with me. She orientates and eventually breaks into a smile. She asks for the phone and calls back. It turns out “teacher” is her girlfriend from the club the previous night. She is probably asking how the night went. She says, “Nitakwambia tukionana leo, lakini tuko sawa…” Hangs up.
That's it from me. Gonna go watch some Masterchef and try and finish a row or two of ripples (it is really just an excuse to snuggle under it...bit chilly here tonight).
Stephanopoulos asked whether Santorum’s comments meant that he thought there was “something wrong with encouraging college education.”
You do need to think beyond the one-to-one connections we’ve been talking about. Look at it from the community member’s perspective. They go from site to site, and may have various relationships on various social media islands in the stream of the Web. But many of these connections are discrete — limited to the venue, such as Facebook, or Twitter, and not portable across all the places they roam.
Right so I’m guessing none of that made sense since I haven’t told you the summary of the book yet. Oh P.S: Spoiler Alert. I haven’t read the book completely yet so heres the gist of what I remember from 15 years ago. Kalki is basically a reincarnation of the Hindu God Vishnu, the last reincarnation. He will preside over the end of the world and wipe out everything, but not the whole universe (that remains intact), and everything starts over. The end of the beginning you might say. So this Evil doctor is behind this whole scheme and has this guy convinced that he’s Kalki, and his wife is Lakshmi (a reincarnation of Sita), and they manage to wipe out all of mankind, except themselves and two other women and plan to repopulate the earth together. The story involves drugs, LA, religion, aviation.. all the makings of a brilliant thriller but still managing to remain completely unique and non generic, and completely gripping.
Brinjal (egg plant), 2 pcs
Steve Villani brought Gulden Draak (draft and bottle) and Wittekerke. Gulden Draak was a really great beer. A very dark beer with sweet citrus aromas. The sip began with malty sweetness with some spicy alcohol flavors. There was a sweet aftertaste as well that faded slowly. The Gulden Draak draft, which undergoes a second fermentation in the keg tasted more mature and developed. Both were very good. Witterkerke was a good beer but nothing incredibly special. It poured a pale yellow and contained aromas of lemon zest and other citrus fruits. Fruity flavors surround the mouth as well and cause a nice mix with the medium bodied beer. Some yeast flavors are present as well.
Cook about 2 minutes or until bubbles appear. Flip. Cook 2 more minutes or until browned on bottom.
McCulley noted that mortgage firms Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have been propped up by about $169 billion in federal aid since they were rescued by the government in 2008, yet there's a "a moral overtone" to the argument against reducing mortgage debt burdens for individual borrowers.
16) Until The Sun Dies (Part One) – Crystal Antlers – from “Tentacles”
This photograph (Poland 1947) by Jindich Marco, portrays a frivolous scene in which soviet army officers are having their photos taken in front of a screen depicting a beautiful springtime, while behind them the devastating reality tells quite a different story.
10. Tuileries
As I set up life in my new home, I was on the internet trying to get to a horoscope page and some how ended up at ebay. I had never been to ebay before (this was in 2003) and the place I was rerouted to on ebay was a bunch of people selling psychic readings.
Marriage provides a more stable environment for bringing up children than other relationships and should be supported and encouraged by the state, ministers will say today.
5) Secular parents, if you would like to participate in a survey conducted by Foundation Beyond Belief you have until Friday to do so. Secular parenting survey.
HOW IT WAS DONE — IN BRIEF
If so, Guitar Collection guitars this album I can say as one of the best Spanish music ever recorded in audio form.
Well folks, this is where the fun begins!
I’m going to give myself time to just simplify my day to day routines, get some yoga back into my life and get myself healthy again. While running has been great and it’s really made me push to improve my form and my speed and my abilities, it has taken its toll and I’m ready for a little time off.
We went to this hot thing downtown one night. Where a ton of local artists were featured. I guess I expected some sort of "fiesta" and it was lame and we didn't know our way around and so we had a hard time finding the vendors. Upon leaving we saw this rescue place out with dogs. Why not just stop and look. Looking is no harm.
I inked the edges with Tim Holtz Antique Linen ink pad and stamped my sentiment with Adirondack Raisin.
A fault with these works would be that, at times, they feel too mired down in trying to be aware of art history but also avoiding it at the same time. Rather than going fully into a belief and faith in art with an “A” they maintain a tinge of irony and withdrawal. This makes them awkward and difficult, which is bad because they come off lacking a certain “umpf” of completion. But it is ultimately good, because they maintain a uniqueness in their apparent unfinished-ness. It is also quite possible, that once painting became self aware, it could never really go back to the way it was before. To paint as if the last 45 years had never taken place, and sadly, there are plenty of people doing that, would not only be foolhardy, but would render your work irrelevant and a novel idiosyncrasy at best. So Morris’ paintings try to find a sense of order in all that. In a desire to paint abstractly in a sincere way, but also come to terms with everything else. Sometimes She is successful, others not.
Today was a defining moment for Empowering Youth Through Travel, as we solidified our 2011-2012 partner school which will be Holy Trinity High School in Chicago, IL.
And last night I were thinking, really: was my childhood naivety and general lack of rudimentary biological & toxicological facts really so naïve? Were it really so bad? To eat yer own feces if absolutely starving? Those chicks in 2girls 1cup did it, and them on 'specialised' pornstar wages, they wouldn't have needed to eat shit cos they were starving, but cos they wanted to get paid – and so if you can eat shit to get paid you can eat shit to eat is what I were turning over in my dried up, nutrient starved brain.
The rising Earth is about five degrees above the lunar horizon in this telephoto view taken from the Apollo 8 spacecraft near 110 degrees east longitude. The horizon, about 570 kilometers (250 statute miles) from the spacecraft, is near the eastern limb of the Moon as viewed from the Earth. On the earth, the sunset terminator crosses Africa. The south pole is in the white area near the left end of the terminator. North and South America are under the clouds. The lunar surface probably has less pronounced color than indicated by this print. [goo.gl]
Life was simple and pure and untainted by the things we, in all reality, know matter little in the scheme of the universe. Finding another dollar will not make an evil man good but finding love just might! Keeping the television playing will not make a family unite but sitting around a campfire singing just might! Driving a new car to work won’t make your co-workers sit up and take notice but asking several to join you for a light lunch and some conversation just might! Writing letters of complaint to your local newspaper about the homeless in your community won’t make the problem disappear but volunteering at a soup kitchen just might!
And by some devilish cantrip (spell) slight
Thank you Natalie!
“The city is sort of a broker, we’re a transfer agency. Apparently this is common in the social services industry,” said Fleury, adding councillors aren’t consulted because authority is generally delegated to city staff.
The salad turned out so well, as you can see. Even with the dressing, the leftovers will keep a couple of days in the fridge. I had some for lunch yesterday. Cooked quinoa will keep in the fridge for several days, as well. Next time, I might make a breakfast quinoa. There are so many possibilities with the cooked quinoa; breakfast, lunch or dinner. Whatever you make, you will enjoy it, and it's so easy and quick to make this beautiful salad.
Maybe it’s the cold.
The way you’d hug me, call me Abz and Bagel and tease me for being cautious. I long for our chats about GH, your mischievous smile, persuasive ways and sick sense of humor.
(red box is where orders are taken)
Long before these rainy days
Picture: This was taken by community member Cornél van Heerden of Pierre van Byleveld, Pretoria -- showing one of the guns used by the armed hijackers of a mom’s car outside a nursery school in a Pretoria suburb on April 7 2009. The suspect gunman’s body lies about 2m away from the gun he used while he was being chased by police and dozens of members of the community-policing forum.
If it sounds like a lot of work that's because it is :)
The thorny topic of animal sex tourism reminds of a conversation I had with a Welshman while tending bar at the safari guesthouse. After downing this third glass of beer, he asked me the following question:
Looking through the latest issue of International Scientology News, I was amazed to see a full 26 pages (out of a 72-page issue) devoted to buildings. That’s right, buildings. Big, empty buildings.
There is a question Claire has long been asking: why do vampires live so far out in a sunny desert when they’re sensitive to sunlight? The reason doesn’t have to do with sunlight but water – and an ancient enemy who has finally found a way to invade the vampires’ landlocked community. Vampires aren’t the top predator on earth. There’s something worse that preys on them …something much worse. Which means if Claire, and Morganville, want to live, they will have to fight on to the last breath.
I guess in lieu of having someone else pimp out our wedding, D and I will have to pimp our own wedding. Better yet, we’ll let Disney Cruise Lines pimp it out. That’s right, “My Big Fat Cruise Line Wedding” is on!!! I think the package they put together for couples to get married during their cruise is amazing. I’ve even picked out some starfish-shaped bling to add to my bouquet, and there aren’t any gypsies, Snooki look alikes or Bridezillas in sight.
Problem number three: when I compared similar sections on the dub version to the A-side, I could hear major differences in EQ. After painstakingly matching the EQ on dub to get it consistent with the A-side, I discovered that other portions of the song sounded completely messed up. I debated breaking it down into chunks and EQing each section individually, but thought better of it. So I've left it as-is. The only other thing I did was fix the click that happens right on the 5th kick on the 12" version. This is on both Substance and the 12", but not the 1994 CD single, so I'm guessing it's a flaw on the master tape which was later fixed. It's always bothered me, so I've copied-and-pasted an adjacent kick to patch it.
Married young to a charming but improvident army officer, Eve Hawthorne was widowed with little left except for a few extravagant trifles. Desperate to avoid her domineering stepmother, she accepts employment as chaperone to the Earl of Stewkesbury’s American cousins. Who better than a levelheaded widow to remind these young girls that they no longer live on a frontier? But when she flirts with a handsome stranger who turns out to be the earl’s brother Fitz, Eve worries she’s given the wrong impression. Trying to prove herself responsible—with Fitz challenging her at every turn—is hard enough, but a blackmailer with an interest in Eve’s prior marriage proves far more troubling. With the earl away, Eve can turn only to Fitz for help. But dare she confide in him, when getting too close to this confirmed bachelor might risk her heart to his alluring ways?
"Hey! It was your idea to play this game OK!"
I also choose to look at pride the other way; a satisfied sense of attachment toward a whole group of people, a fulfilled feeling of belonging. For all it’s crazy, I claim it, for it is here, dancing, that I belong.
This design is suitable for a beginner, since it's all stitched in diagonal satin stitches of various lengths except for Laura's new stitch, the Long Triangle used in the hot pepper border. That means it's also a quick stitch for you experienced stitchers, making it perfect for that last-minute gift or if you need a break from all those Hilton stitches you've been doing lately.
Last week, my blogging friend, Carmel, inspired me with her week in photos. So, over the week, I tried to snap a few shots throughout my days. It was kind of fun really - trying to captures bits here and there. Photography classes are on my bucket list. One day. Maybe if I ever have nothing to do. In twenty years or so. Maybe.
Despite the excellent acquisitions of Dylan Ababou and Kerby Raymundo, Philippine Basketball’s sweethearts Baranggay Ginebra failed to make it to this year’s finals.
So, Bonnie wants to know six quirky things about me. Hmm. I hope she doesn't live to regret this.
In my lifetime I have reached for the stars,
So, here’s the plan starting tomorrow:
Ah, but it’s hard to think of Cincinnati without Sudsy Malone’s Bar and Laundromat – what a combination for a band on the road! Finally, a bullet proof, hygienic excuse to spend one’s night getting wasted!
Specials boards,"lite bites",sandwiches(wraps,baguettes,rolls,sliced bread),classics,from the grill,fresh from the ocean etc,etc.So much choice that if you know anything you know everything is straight from freezer to plate,no skill required to produce.All centrally sourced,cheap ingredients yielding maximum profits.
Clean rabbit’s littler box. Pet rabbit. Feed rabbit some greens and a carrot.
Sasquatch Love by Horror Deluxe
through water lilies tatted
Nicolas took pleasure in teaching his son everything he could, this also made Gracie happy as she could begin focusing on her career once again.
This morning I decided to do another cleanup project, but on my laptop. As I take pics of my cards I move them to a folder. Then as I post them I move them to the 'posted' folder. Then at the beginning of a new year, I archive the posted folder to the prior years posted folder and start again. Yes, I AM a bit organizationally obsessive. If I had more time on my hands I would organize and label every single in my house.
Well, I started this post on Thursday night and then somehow this post disappeared.
I was so excited to play along that I created all 4 layouts for the next 4 challenges, but I will not lie..I do find it a bit hard to work with colour limitations. You know, I never used to be and maybe my style is changing I don't know..and I feel as though this first one is a little "limited" because I did not have anything else in those colours to add. BUT! once I got going I created all 4 layouts over 2 nights !
It was the very first earthquake experience for all three of us – mom, dad and me – and we didn’t exactly know what we were supposed to do in such a situation. We were standing there, near the main door of our house, wondering, when our neighbours started calling out to us as they rushed down the stairs. ‘Run down the stairs. What are you waiting for?’ – said one. ‘There has been a big, big earthquake. Rush to save your lives.’ – said another.
If you would like to attend the class on Saturday the 25th or Wednesday the 29th February at 10am please email me so I can prepare a kit for you. The class shouldn't take too long so you will still have the afternoon for chores. Cost is $20 and includes all materials and tools.
And now, on to this week: Stress!
At least, I think it would have, if I had remember to ask him those types of questions. Unfortunately, I asked him the following and in a masterful stroke of sheer pity, he answered them.
4-Kellen is amazing! When I walked into the living room with the dress on, after he rolled his eyes, he said to me..."Hey Mom! You should wear that in an act about a girl that got dumped!" DUDE....the kid is scary...but he is sooooo spot on (must now find perfect song!).
I would first like to give a shout out to Tina over at Quench Your First. You are the absolute Best!!! I hate to say that she’s not very objective though, because Tina is one of my closest and dearest friends. Check out her blog. She’s really got GREAT ideas!!!!
Remember that all limitations are ones that you have created yourself and they will hold you as hostage until you love them free. We invite you to welcome, embrace, and love your unlimited Self.
Caveat: no book is ever perfect. This is not a licence to hold onto your book forever because it doesn't match up to the Platonic ideal you conceived when you planned the book. It has to be publishably good, not worthy of having been written by an omniscient god. If you hold on to your book for ages, tweaking and pithering about with it, you will never submit anything. And if you have a deadline imposed by a publisher, you have to submit by that deadline. Don't hang on to it for a bit longer because it isn't quite right. Read this post for a rant about the importance of meeting deadlines. Is this incompatible with everything else I have said? Not really - you just need to start the book early enough, and write it quickly enough, to leave time to correct and improve it before the deadline. That's easy, isn't it?
1) Mr. Geiger said, "When you have children someday, never respond to their questions with 'I don't know.' Instead, say, 'Let's find out.' And then do the research together to find the answer."
I will stand proud in front of you all
This is a very is a good coffee cake and seldom lasts more than a day. My better half gave it the name after he realized we’d eaten the first one I baked in half a day. It is almost impossible to resist.
Van Damme seemed to have a lot of fun in these dual roles, and honestly didn't do a terrible job. I mean, he was never going to win any awards for his performances here, but I enjoyed the differences he brought out between the two brothers. Chad is a bit of a ladies man, and dresses very preppy (late 1980s style). They have a sense of humor about his clothing, as several characters make comments about the way he is dressed. Chad revels in his martial arts abilities and seems confident enough to wear leg warmers and spandex because he's gonna get ass regardless. I only wish they had him stay kind of cocky this way throughout the film. At times later on, he seems goofy, clumsy, nerdy, but I suppose the purpose here was to show the pampered Chad feeling very out of his element.
He currently plays at venues nationwide.LSTC Productives is Jeremy’s ind…ependent label and company that he has started. He’s Hoping to one day fulfill his dreams and have his own establishment in San Francisco called the IPA (Institute for Passionate Artists) where independent, driven and passionate artists, sound engineers, and music business people could grow in their artistry and craft.
Is there really such a thing as a healthy item on a Mexican restaurant's menu? This is a dilemma to me, because living in Colorado gives me access to numerous Mexican cuisines on a daily basis! In fact, the building I work in has a burrito place, and a Chipotle and Qdoba are each within two blocks of this building!
· Today’s Playground Magazine-March 2001
Isn't that so beautiful!? I'm feeling good about this. I've memorized two other passages since, and I can't tell you how many times I've already recited them in my brain or written them out on scratch paper when I've needed some encouragement on the spot.
And now, I'm super excited to announce that Nancy will be giving away a signed copy of Meeting Destiny. This giveaway is only open to US readers, but if you're international, no worries! You can snag a free ecopy on Smashwords!
Add the The Self Sufficient Life and How To Live It to your bookshelf by visiting the publisher's site here. Or find it through your local bookstore.
I am where I should be, here for a reason, meeting the people i need to meet, learning what i need to learn and experiencing what i need to experience...
The workouts are, again, HARD. Our first workout was plyometrics (jump training), and I was winded after the warm-ups. I made it halfway through before I had to quit because I was tempting death.
12. Nearly everything tastes better when cooked over a wood fire.
Not a horse – it isn’t about galloping off into the sunset. It’s about the steady bumpy climb up the rocky path.
I put this together last night. I came close to the idea that was in my head but need to tweek the design a bit more. Instead of heart brads holding down the corners I would love to find something that would make kewl Victorian photo holders. Something like that would tie in with the Eiffel Tower nicely especially if it had a wrought iron look without the wrought iron price! If I find something to use along that line I will post it at a later date!
And guess whos roped in into helping and organising - yep me and Soph being a good cook is in charge of making sure Georgette and her guitarists are eating well and healthy ! Turning up with food and health snacks to keep them going ! It also gets Soph out which is good thing.
Another work in progress.....
Brazil says natural gas finds on land herald a golden age of the energy resource and will likely reduce dependence on gas imports from Bolivia.
and infecting all light.
Bridget
The Out Crowd Blues is the debut EP from Florida’s Vices in which is being released through our friends at Melotov Records. Featuring 5 songs of melodic, passionate and blues influenced hardcore, Vices bring something that I haven’t heard in a while to the table with song structures that are memorable and catchy and as stated before the blues riffs are a cool addition to each song. Think Sabertooth Zombie meets All Teeth, Last Nights and Mountain Man but I still don’t think that gives the sound enough clarification, it’s something you would have to hear for yourself. If you’re into passionate, melodic, fast, angry and riffy hardcore then I would highly recommend this. -Brett
For example, since he is 6, he gets $5 per week. He has to split up the allowance into three categories: charity, spending and savings. Additionally, any gift money he is given will be equally split between spending and savings. Each Sunday he divides up his allowance and puts the money in the jars. He gets $2 for spending and savings and $1 for charity. While he is still young, we are stipulating how much money goes in each jar. We may allow him to choose the allocations as he gets older.
Cold Gin
The other time I have had people say this to me is if I am going to do something like go to a concert or a movie by myself. Thankfully my mother taught me manners and I do have some social skills, otherwise I'd slap these folks, mostly women, upside the head.
Park Moo Yul is your quintessential bad boy athlete: gorgeous, arrogant, talented and hot tempered. He’s got just as many antis as he has fans and is a key player on the Red Dreamers baseball team.
These saints couldn’t have come at a better time on my life.
However when I started to fill the bundt tin it became clear my dough wasn't going to stretch far enough so...we switched back to a pie plate but used a recipe closer to the 2nd one. Are you with me?
“Come in,” Ronan said as he ran his hands through his hair. Jack stuck his head in around the door.
Bloomberg has already banned smoking in all commercial locales and the serving of trans fats in all city restaurants — though no one has found trans fats unhealthy.
dragging sleep meant for men impaled
He looks sincere, and possibly is. The crowd knows this. They hate him. Drinks fly into the ring, as do rolls of toilet paper and the occasional t-shirt that shows Da Infamous DiZ in his pure face mode. There are curious chocolate-colored stains on the shirts.
4. Observe other financial firms. Banks, asset management companies and health care providers often offer mobile options now. Once their stakeholders get used to these mobile services, they may expect it from life insurance carriers, too.
A question for your next SSO: Do you ever get told Brooklyn should be a model? If so, what do you think of that?
To brave the dark
Saule H, Enders G, Zeller J, Bernsau U. Congenital rubella infection after previous immunity of the mother. Eur J Pediatr 1988; 147: 195-196.
Han Sofrasi was advertising a lunch special, £6.50 for the dish of the day with rice and bread. It was pushing 2pm so I was ravenous and the offer of double carbs appealed. Inside I was pleased to find a proper Turkish grill house, massive charcoal grill in situ.
Anyway. Here is a picture of the band that brought together that audience and this train of thought.
growing more numerous
When I think about the various event changing novels that Wizards of the Coast often threw out on the Forgotten Realms, as a fan of the setting I often though, "Man, another epic tale eh?" and not in a good way. As someone who looks around at modern history these days and sees things like the Arab Spring and other world changing events, the pace of history stops for no man. Indeed, the real problem with those game changing novels from Wizards of the Coast isn't that they changed the setting, it's that they often went to a near status quot at the end.
I have been waiting somewhat impatiently to watch my favorite holiday movie since Thanksgiving day. It is normal for us to watch it on Thanksgiving night, but I didn't get a quorum on movie watching, so we just looked at Black Friday ads. Well, tonight I will demand that it get watched. Or. I will watch it myself.
So this is my new plan. To realize this reality.
YELLOW PEANUT M&MS
Spray Paint (optional)
The objective of keeping Afghanistan from becoming a terror haven again remained the same, but the means had to escalate in the face of Pakistani decisions and battlefield victory in Iraq.
Cyan and her mother return to Curaçao one year after her father's death and it's under the spotlight glare of an unrelenting Caribbean sun that emotions come to the surface and the truth about what happened to Cyan's father emerges.
Since the 1960s, when the Congo expelled the Belgians this has been a mirror of African regression, moving steadily southwards until the example of Zimbabwe . Once a prosperous, well educated exporter of food the population now eat rats to survive.
~ beach and pool ~
I think I'm ready to start posting here again. I had blogger problems, then internet and computer and basically just got really annoyed and frustrated and thus stopped the posting. Plus, I've been working on a not really secret but still kinda secret project that will coincide with this change. I will probably jump ship to a new blog since I want a new name for the blog and a new look that will make me happier, and I hope you all will like it too. (and a much better address) Rest assured, the new blog will pretty much be the same as this blog only prettier. And actually updated a regular-like basis.
was blown behind
- They worship God of Reformat
As dorky as it is, I just cannot get past this song. Yes, my second favorite single of April is Justin Bieber’s new single, “Boyfriend,” the first single from his upcoming album, “Believe.” I don’t know how to explain it exactly but the first time I heard this song it grabbed a hold of me and hasn’t let go. It is just so damn catchy, I love the whole little section where he like “raps” in the verses, and I just find some of the silly little touches to the song so clever and endearing, like when he says, “Say hello to falsetto in 3,2…” before singing the pre-chorus in falsetto, or when he says “I got a lot of cash that I really wanna blow, swag swag swag, on you.” Like I said, it’s silly as hell. I’m almost ashamed of myself for it but it’s just too much fun! Download for yourself and get addicted, too!
* 4 green onions, chopped (omitted)
Fewer than 2 percent of sexual abuse allegations against the Catholic church appear to be false.
According to the Roman historian Suetonious in "On the Life of the Caesars," Julius Caesar "used to comb forward his scanty locks from the crown of his head" and was thrilled when the Senate granted him the special privilege of being able to wear a victor's laurel wreath whenever he felt like it.
Wow I don't even know where to begin.
x5
Miss Flint grinned back, a phony smile that didn’t reach her eyes, a telltale sign she didn’t appreciate his latest smart-aleck comment.
– Karen Casey
As a base I used wonderful polish from Avon called Violetta Sparkle. It's violet-purple polish with tiny golden flecks that add the dressy feeling neccesary for New Year's Celebration.
I had some fun hunting back through newborn pictures of all my babies. (Weird to say that... "all my babies." CRAZY is more like it!) :o)
and I'm still in school full time with a Thesis due in April. I must say, it's a lot to juggle. But since I enjoy it all so much and everything fits so perfectly into my career plans, it's worth the frozen dinners I'm feeding Husband and the weekend hours spent at the library catching up.
Louvin Brothers - When I Stop Dreaming: Best Of - 1995
and carry on with cheer
1 - Rather then starting at lunchtime on the 29th and Max arriving just before midnight on the 30th involving a couple of trips to the hospital and lots of stress and no sleep, Faye had a twinge in the morning and 4pm felt strong contractions and when we arrived at the hospital, about 17.30, she was already 9cm dilated ! Skye Lilly arrived into the world at 20.20.
MYNWA.
I panicked when I was reading someone else's blog recently. They mentioned they are almost out of time for their 101 in 1001 and I thought I was about out of time too! I realized I have another year (and a couple months) before my time is up. Thank goodness!
So this is pretty much where i disagree with the rest of the whole wide world. I wasn't that impressed. If it was a r600 toy, i'd be impressed. for r1400, i expect something better than what ultimately feels like little more than a novelty toy. I mean where do i start...
But you combine those two, reforming the insurance system and getting the economy growing again so people are back at work, you cure an awful lot of America’s problems with those two steps, and you put her back in a position where she’s in charge of her life; she’s not dependent on Barack Obama to take care of her.
I thought I'd post a couple of cards that I made recently that show my love for using kraft paper. I discovered kraft paper about 8 months ago and it's been making appearances in my projects ever since.
Because it wasn’t always this way.
How would you describe the “rhythm” of Jesus’ life during the last week of his earthly ministry? What did he do during the night and during the day?
Last year I tried to do something similar. I found a blog written by a woman who took a 100 day real food challenge with her family. It’s a concept I wholeheartedly respect, it’s just her execution I have issues with. She had several meal plans and shopping lists. Most of the meals contained some kind of grain product and/or beans.
At the outbreak of World War I in 1914, Thomas Kettle was in Belgium to procure arms for the Irish Volunteers. Horrified by the German attack on Belgium, Thomas Kettle immediately returned to Ireland and enlisted for service to fight "not for England, but for small nations". He took a commission with the Royal Dublin Fusiliers. In The Ways of War, Thomas Kettle writes that it was his belief that if Irish men joined the British to fight against Germany, Britain would recognize its own hegemony over the small nation of Ireland and would free her.
I purchased our couch from Macy’s in 2010 which is the perfect neutral jumping off point. We were worried that it would look too green against the grey stone flooring but it fits in perfectly with the help of the Dhurrie rug from West elm in Sorrel. The bench I am using as a coffee table is actually a craigslist find that was in some rough shape. With a coat of Rustoleum spray paint in Navajo white and some new fabric purchased from Calico Fabrics, I was able to give it new life.
Trying to make someone feel small makes you smaller.
New York Foundation for the Arts (http://www.nyfa.org)--this remarkable arts foundation is one of the most adept at sponsoring writers and artists through a fiscal sponsorship program.
At the end of the contest, those THREE secret faves from each week's theme will be posted on our FACEBOOK page and YOU GUYS will vote to determine our MARCH MADNESS HATTER...and that is NOT a title that Jess gives up easily, LOL!
Many believe, including me, that Abdullah al-Senussi was instrumental in the terror bombing of the La Belle disco in Berlin in 1986, which killed three people and injured 230, as well as the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, which resulted in the deaths of another 270. Also, Senussi was convicted in absentia in France in 1999 for the 1989 terror bombing of the French UTA flight 772, which resulted in 171 deaths.
If you are interested, I have Blog Candy this month. Check out the March 1 post for details!!
Banish (Abjuration)
Anyone who has watched MTV growing up has most likely watched at least one episode of True Life. The episodes I always forced myself to watch made me feel like the show was a joke: “True Life: I’m a Cheerleader” or “True Life: I Want the Perfect Body.” Who cares if you are a cheerleader in high school? I was a cheerleader but I never found the need tell the world about it. And who doesn’t want the perfect body? On that episode, you literally see a guy having his ass shaved because being hairless is being perfect for him. But that’s not a real problem. I just wanted to tell the guy on the show to get over himself and I always ended up changing the channel.
“I. . . ” I couldn’t say anything. I couldn’t open my eyes. Quivering, I exhaled.
The sexy cyborg's adventures may have been exclusively Earthbound, but as an agent of the Office of Scientific Intelligence, her missions led to several different extraterrestrial encounters. Each week, The Bionic Woman protected America's interests and saved the world with style, charm and humor. Introduced in a two-part episode of The Six Million Dollar Man in March, 1975, as the childhood sweetheart of astronaut Steve Austin (Lee Majors), Jaime Sommers was equipped with bionic replacement parts (an ear, an arm, and both legs) after a tragic skydiving accident. Unfortunately, her body rejected the bionic implants and, well, she died.
As part of the excitement of restarting this blog, it seemed like it would be fun to give something away to those of you who are reading this blog again early on in its rebirth. We anticipate a dramatic increase in traffic over the next few months as we push advertising and more social network buzz, so here is the time to reward those who are reading already: we will give away a copy of “Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?” by Philip K. Dick, in your chosen format (paperback or ebook) for simply commenting on this post and telling us what your favorite science fiction or fantasy novel is. Winner will be picked at random from the submissions.
“I am going!” he announced angrily.
"Sweetheart--"
RIP
Yesterday the news was dominated by some mildly injudicious remarks about the economy by a junior Minister.
Let’s get the hard part out of the way as quickly as possible – a list of seven things about me that people might find interesting. (Thank you to whoever put the word “might” in there.)
Why did the band break-up?
In worship of its life,
There are also power points on the desk top that can be used to charge personal devices. These are in addition to the power outlets for computers.
Thriving in crusts of broken tolls
Standing and slipping on the floor, her swing missed and the thing grabbed her wrist with a bony hand. It smashed her hand against the sink, but couldn't force Abby to drop her sword.
‘Containing the Global Cybercrime Threat’ is the focus of the Counter eCrime Operations Summit (CeCOS VI) in Prague, April 25-27
Apart from the rear tyre this Winner is 100% original. Brakes will be the first upgrade. Sidepulls, funky chrome wheel rims and 'suicide' levers add up to a somewhat alarming experience when approaching junctions or descending even the gentlest hill. After that will be some decent wheels and tyres. In Spring I'll convert it to single speed. Not having gears should get me off this post-Christmas fitness plateau i'm currently sat on. By next autumn I should have lungs like a shire horse.
My eight-year-old is working her way through Edgar Eager's series, Tales of Magic. She is currently on Knight's Castle. This series is timeless and I believe that most children will enjoy reading these books. I believe they are tagged for 3rd grade and up, but really any age will enjoy these tales of time-traveling children, magic, and misadventure.
And thats it for this post folks. I hope you like this book. I won't tell you about the fiasco I had with the Cosmic Shimmer Sprays!! But anyone who has Cosmic Shimmer Sprays will know that even if you are using a brand new unused bottle, sometimes the spray part of the bottle either doesnt work at all, works perfectly OR decides that spraying straight where you want it to spray is so ordinary and boring. Sometimes a certain spray bottle decides its too cool for school and wants to spray in whichever direction IT wants. So there may have been an incident involving me pointing the purple Cosmic Shimmer Spray directly at the book, but said colour decided it wanted to spray sideways! I may now have a revolving carousel for my craft tools that used to be white, but now has a great big purple spray line of cosmic shimmers ALL down the front of it hitting every tool along the way. AND.....purple would not be one of my favourite colours! Grrrrr!
"What's happened is that a substantial section of the Chavs* that you wrote about have become black. The whites have become black. A particular sort of violent, destructive, nihilistic, gangster culture has become the fashion."
3. I believe that children are our future,,, and that we are doomed.
The report includes detailed scorecards and summary heat charts, which provide clear, concise, at-a-glance analysis of the relative performance of the leading global clothing, footwear, accessories and luxury goods retailers relative to each other and international averages for the channel.
The last step is to pass the first blue loop over the second. This is done exactly as for the chain bind off discussed earlier. Note that at any point in the process, there will always either be two loops on the right needle, which happens when the first loop is waiting to be drawn over the second, or there will be one loop on the right needle when, as below, the first loop has already been drawn over the second.
Workshop B is for those who have completed the first level, and are now challenged to design as a group, using the exact same materials, but each producing a bouquet that is completely different from the rest of the group. Groups usually consist of three students. They have to
Last night, I needed to get some luggage and sleeping bags from the shed for my daughters to take on their event. I thought about asking him to help me, but decided not to. I just didn’t want to deal with it. When I come back in AFTER getting the stuff, he asks if I need help carrying in things. Nope, I tell him. Got it all. Thank you anyway.
Remember being a kid and making up your own flavor combination recipes? Yep, it's still fun.
Have a great day chicks!
The price was around US$115 a barrel last week and US$121 a barrel yesterday.
The whole Bible is about Jesus. I say that a lot on this blog. Probably in every post, one way or another. I say it so much so that I wonder if people get bored. Oh yeah, here comes the Jesus card again. What could be more exciting than the preeminent and all-satisfying Treasure of the universe? The challenge, then, is to be creative and fresh in pointing to Christ while still remaining biblical. We don’t want to allegorize or make an unwarranted connection. This takes hard work, but it’s possible.
It is possible to simplify your life in the age of the ‘Jones’ mentality’, hurried advances in technology, social media and mobile commerce. The first step is the most important and takes the longest amount of time in the change process; it is to reassess your life evaluate what’s absolutely important to you then decide what you can and can’t live or survive without. It is as simple as making a choice then committing yourself to de-cluttering your mental, emotional and physical life of the things that weigh you down and zap your energy. You are the most important decision maker in your life and you are the only person who controls your thoughts actions and reactions to everything playing out and being thrown at you in life. It’s your life and it’s all up to you so live it the best way you know how.
So, I'm trying through this Christmas. Other than our big gifts to each other, Del and I have finished our shopping. Wednesday we are going with some dear friends to see Trans-Siberian Orchestra in concert, and I'm sure that will lift my spirits. Thursday evening we get to deliver our goodies, and then we are whisking ourselves away to stay at the hotel at a local casino for Christmas. We'll have dinner, do a little gambling, maybe a drink or two for me. Then when we wake up in the morning, we're planning on seeing a movie or two in their theater - Holmes for sure. Yes, it's unconventional, and we won't be with family. But family is the last thing I need this year. Del is the only family I want or need right now. I can't wait to spend that time together as a couple, no worries, no real life around us, just the two of us.
Ok that was a lie. I have more descriptive statements.
My husband and I ran the half marathon on our 11th anniversary and had a great time. I missed my goal time (1:48)by a couple of minutes (1:54:31), but considering the pouring rain and tornado sirens, I will have to get over it. I can't believe I am saying this, but it was fun!
They say friends are gifts for yourself. I am thankful for those days when i was around 15 years old and often bullied at school, there was this one person who stood up for me against all others. Though this person might not have remembered at all, it molded my life and Gave me hope! At least it regained my self-confidence and made living
GOLDMAN SACHS: boss Lloyd Blankfein has taken a 35% pay cut – to $US12 million.
So I feel like I grieved for our marriage already, but I agreed to counseling and to give it a ‘try’, so I will continue to ‘try’, but I’m not sure what that means.
You'd be surprised how inventive you can be if you put your mind to it. So give it a go sometime either for fun or if you're writing something. Before you know it you'll have gotten your entire character list from watching a few strangers walk by.
A battle of emotions and fears.
These are just some of the ways protesters can make an impact from home. Surely, there are many other suggestions we can add to the list as well. And, if 24 hour actions aren’t enough to make a sufficient impact, longer periods of non-compliance should be considered.
The fact that this has been accomplished deliberately, in order to further leftist revolutionary ideology, can only be termed as treason. During Tony Blair’s government the British Embassy in Pakistan handed out booklets outlining why Muslims should emigrate to Britain, and the chief official in Britain charged with monitoring visa applications, one Linda Costelloe-Baker, told a House of Commons select committee that her department was “under intense political pressure to hit immigration productivity targets” and that around 15 per cent of the annual 2 million visas issued were approved because it was “easier to let them in than reject applications.” Over the term of the labour government, this 15% amounted to millions of immigrants who should not be in Britain at all
It was my friend’s birthday yesterday. We had a sleepover (a tradition since high-school), it was loads of fun! No alcohol, no recreational drugs, no boys. Just plain simple G-rated fun! We had a ton of deep fried yumminess and the most amazing chocolate cake in the WORLD. I felt like I’d died and gone to heaven, and come back and died again (I’m sugar intolerant so that is actually very likely). It was called Death by Chocolate, so no wonder. We spent the rest of the night playing truth or dare, and dancing to Chris Brown’s I Can Transform Ya on repeat till 6 am.
He performed a yajna using the elements of nature like spring, summer and autumn as the material. All of creation was born out of that yajna. The luminaries (dEvAs) , the ascetics (sAdhyAs) and the visionaries (RSis) were born of that yajna. Birds, wild animals and domestic animals were all created from that yajnam. The Vedas Rk, sAma and yajuh sprung from that yagnyam, in their metrical form. Horses, Cows and Goats (or whatever they symbolise) were all born of that yagnyam. Yajna itself was born out of that yagnya.
No pictures of the shakes being made. The bottom of my blender pitcher was not on all the way and chocolate milkshake covered my kitchen counter. Tip- make sure the blender blade is screwed on tight!
My clothes washer stopped working. It's not the perfect time for something that I count on to let me down. I really count on my washer. With a family of six, it's something that is constantly on call and having it has become something that I take for granted.
Europeans today however are not living in the shattered economies and societies that bought Hitler and Mussolini to power. We live in unprecedented wealth and comfort; we have no need of totalitarianism to solve our economic problems and we certainly have no need for a totalitarian regime to actively bring about future social problems.
Your halt took place in the judge's lap, instead of at X.
It’s amazing how important my blog is to me but when life gets all up in my face my blog ends up getting put on the back burner for a little while.
flowers and large decorative branches etc.
"Great Peace have they who Love Your law, and nothing can make them stumble." Psalm 119:165.
If it transpires that the answer was wrong, and Mr Watson has already asked the police to investigate the evidence given to the Committee, would James Murdoch be in difficulties? There is a difference here between what the legal consequences of any error would be and the public relations and corporate ones. If it is the case that James Murdoch did see the email at the time, then I imagine his explanation would be that he had simply forgotten this, on the basis that many things have happened over the years since the payment was authorised, and that he has seen many items regarding this whole affair. If Mr Watson had been afforded the chance of prolonged questioning on this point, then perhaps James Murdoch would have found himself in a position where it would be hared to explain this as a lapse of memory. Interestingly, the following exchange between Mr Whittingdale and Mr Watson took place just after the above question was asked.
The society grew. The first annual convention was held in 1910, and by 1917 they were active on 61 campuses and a dozen graduate schools. Other early activists included W. E. B. DuBois, who would become an official of the NAACP and later a Communist Party member, and Victor L. Berger of Wisconsin, who became the first Socialist elected to Congress.
Friday morning...
Yes and no. Our bodies are just as much a part of who we are as are our souls. When we worship, we involve our bodies. The sacraments have physical components (water, oil, laying on of hands, etc.). Furthermore, there are instances where the body acts directly upon the will. At some point, an addict might no longer have any choice in the matter – he can no longer help himself. Some have suggested that this is what St. Paul was getting at in Romans 7:17: “As it is, it is no longer I myself who do it, but it is sin living in me.”
Underwood
I've had this for a while now, and have been using it sparingly because I didn't have a reliable source to purchase it from. Now that my local drugstore is going to start carrying it and Murale is online I am covered. I can now use this as freely as I like. This micellar is fabulous for not only cleansing skin and removing face makeup but it melts off eye makeup as well. I love how easily it gets through mascara and doesn't require any tugging or rubbing.
Now I know many of you reading this blog are devote Christians/Jews/Muslims/followers of the old gods, so I just want to put it out there that celebrating a holiday does not make one immediately another religion. Seriously, if you’re British and in the US for the fourth of July, a hot dog off the grill isn’t going to make your UK citizenship shrivel up and die. The same is true for holidays.
How, may I ask, do they find the bottle of poison the one time you leave it out, and manage to climb onto the bathroom counter to retrieve it from the back corner where you left it? Is it some 6th sense toddlers have? Well, I guess every parent has to experience this once to be truly initiated as seasoned parents. I would have thought 500 dirty diapers counted for something.
Heartfelt Beauty
Morello: Hey.
I like the idea of doing this with small gifts as well, and am thinking that next year, if I'm really on it, November can be spent making advents for all the families we know. If you have ten families, you need to bake a dozen each of a few kinds of cookies, buy a set of small forest animals and paint them with glitter, a box of individually wrapped chocolates to divvy up, print out some friendship notes and curl them up into a vial or tiny box, a few decks of cards maybe from the dollar store, handmade tree ornaments... there are literally so many small objects that would be fun to put in a basket or box, each wrapped individually (make sure you put the individual cookies into wrapping, bags or containers that will keep them fresh) and with numbered tags on them. The family can pick a person each day to open something. So much more special than the cardboard and cheap chocolate things that you see everywhere.
I hope you also have that feeling of home over these holidays–be it in Hawaii, Pittsburgh, Smallville, or anywhere else.
About 4 oz of wine and 2 oz of seltzer = about 100 calories. (depending on the type of wine).
Fernando Torres
It appeared that United bought Continental. I wasn’t a big fan of either of them, but it doesn’t really matter. They managed to change the signs in SFO, but forgot to link the systems. When I showed my tickets to some employees of what clearly showed United Airlines they exclaimed “Ahhh, you are for United! That’s not us. Go to the real United”. WTF? Then the United counter had one worker for maybe 10 lines. Things were not looking good, or fast. All that free market bologna – that monopoly UA worked no faster than our old government USSR service.
However, not everyone was pleased at seeing him. Sharshar's look of hate and contempt from where he sat with his assistants couldn't be disguised. He was always present at the gatherings, they presented him with the chance to consolidate his public relations and reaffirm his status as the sole psychic in Qabqab. Mr. Think realized that his fun for the evening had already begun.
Florida prosecutors plan to seek to the death penalty against Casey Anthony, who is charged with murdering her young daughter whose remains were found in swampy woods months after she was reported missing.
my own freezer jam more often now!
showed me a very nice photo of himself. He was laughing. He then told me 'I want mommy to take
Or: James Cameron Hates America, Watto, Skids, Mudflap, and George W. Bush.
Andrej Pejic
As you've seen, the early Lulus Dirys are detailed, funny, and show Stanley's persuasive skills as a prose writer. Stanley wrote other text pieces, including those for the Dunc 'n Loo series. Because of their cohesion to, and enhancement of, the characters and their world, Stanley's Lulus Diry, in its early installments, is major work that has, because of its humble species, been overlooked by many.
He kept telling me how special I was and how much he liked to look at me. I kept wondering why he'd like to look at me so much. He put his hand on my knee while he talked and stared right into my eyes.
Hello. My name is Mizmell and I’m a farmer.
How often does fail, failing or failure run across your mind?
I love pink & green together and immediately thought of using this cute 6" paper pad by Imaginisce called Enchanted...another thing from my stash that's been waiting to get used. I think I have too much stuff!!! Jill's little dress has crowns on it so the princess theme is very fitting...and doesn't she just look like a temperamental little princess?! :)
Remember that song? Sung by The Pointer Sisters? Did you know they're from Oakland?
The neutral island in the heart of man,
Together with Korean hip-hop artiste, Jay Park, they will be performing on June 15th for one night only at the Singapore Indoor Stadium.
In the parallel accounts, they ask Him to heal her.
Dear Lulu publisher,
The Things of Childhood
5) BUNNY! – Chasing animals = always fun. Do I look like a buffoon while chasing a squirrel across the parking lot? Oh sure, but it’s got a puffy tail and I simply must touch it.
“Olamna” Agatha suddenly speaks out loud to herself… “YAH!” she calls out to her Steed, and rides off.
100g of coconut cream
Not only are they not helping families and NOT supporting humans with love and support, but they are teaching, preaching and living pure hatred every time they try to put themselves in the position of god.
“Like I said, it was a long time ago. You probably forgot.”
Five more minutes to go. He thought to himself.
25And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day: for there shall be no night there.
Actually, I bet it really means accepting any bribe. But maybe there's an exception for husbands and wives. :-)
NB: Please note should you wish to remove this add-on service you will be liable for a downgrade fee of R200.00
now they can be 2 guys, 2 women, a man and a woman, 2 kids, 2 old people...whatever you want. the address can be anywhere in the world as long as they are fictitious. All you need to start with is a name for each person and an address for each person
Have a wonderful day! Thanks for visiting.
Corticosteroid – See Cortisone.
My sleep pattern has completely changed in a matter of years. Gone are the halcyon nights when I’d put my head down and be out for the count for a good 8 hours+, all the way through, not a peep out of me until morning. Now I wake several times a night, more often than not with a bladder that is not exactly bursting but nonetheless refuses to hold onto its minute charge.
This one will definitely be a repeat in our house! We all loved it!
bring message of love and possibility
UK, Europe & US/ Canada incl Latin America/ Asia
Prepare the cream by whipping it until there are soft peaks. Then gently spoon and spread evenly over the trifle.
Short fat steady fingers
Pegaso is the fourth vessel for the owner, who is passionate about ocean conservation, and outfitted accordingly: 10,000nm range, dynamic positioning system, five-person VAS submarine with diver-lockout function, full HeliOps, extensive rebreather and dive operations centre, recompression chamber, scientist accommodations, wet and dry laboratory area, dedicated video-editing suite and more.
4) Emilio Bonifacio (Miami) leads the league in his own quirky stat. Bonifacio has 21 hits this season (.244 average), but he leads the league in most hits without an extra-base hit. All 21 hits have been singles. Emmanuel Burriss (SF Giants) is 2nd on this list, with 13 hits and no extra-basers, but in his defense, he does have 36 fewer at-bats than does Bonifacio.
My advice to you is… READ THIS! And it also has a good en…. Nope, don’t wanna spoil this one!
For Dr. Laura Stachel, working in Nigeria as an obstetrician, those were just unacceptable numbers. “I realized that all my years of clinical experience were useless in a situation where there was no light to perform a delivery or surgery, and no phone system to call a skilled doctor.”So she and her husband Hal Aronson, a solar technology trainer, decided to shed a little light on the situation. In 2009, they founded We Care Solar http://www.wecaresolar.com/ or Women’s Energy, Communication and Reliable Electricity.
Jaggery : 1 teaspoon
Newt Gingrich is finally going to quit running for the Republican nomination, but it doesn’t look like it will happen until next week. There must be a penalty for bringing the rental bus back early.
Many not so "grey beards" were being enticed to take packages to make way for "early twenties" black (esp female) graduates.
My problem is that
I want to apologize to my readers or those of you who have kept up with me on my blog. I think I apologize at least quarterly for the same reason. I am not writing as much despite the fact that I love to write and generally, it helps me organize my thoughts and get in touch not only with my creative side but just with myself. Over the last year and a half, I have honestly considered talking very frankly about what has been going on in my life. Some of the stuff is very personal. Actually, most of it is.
How this is magic accomplished? Well, except for the applications themselves, there’s not much new here. Public “Application Programming Interfaces” (API‘s) have been a standard programming technique since at least the early 80s. To calibrate that, the Macintosh computer was introduced in 1984. For PC folks, that was the era of the Intel 386 microprocessor, which ran at a speed of about 33MHz. APIs been around for a long, long time.
He may have a point when it comes to the majority of ads. But come on Ian. Some are really good.
I state these few random facts simply because it has been brought to my attention that above the header to my blog it says, “The life and views of a Latter-day Saint in the 21st Century…”. However, I often keep my life entirely off my blog. A friend of mine said a couple of days ago, “Why don’t you share some pictures of your family, or tell one of those great stories about your parents.” I laughed. It hadn’t even occurred to me that I had been completely skimming over the “My Life” part of this blog. I am a rather private person by nature. Although a loudmouth in public (one of my many faults), when it comes to my personal business I’m usually mute.
Because it can be distracting, or annoying. Draw Something is a two-way street, and when it’s my turn to guess a word, my patience for slowly-drawn, richly detailed renderings runs thin. If the word is “engine” then don’t spend 3 minutes getting the carburetor up to Motor Trends illustration quality when a gray smudge under the hood of a cartoon car will do the trick.
...What if all food was invisible. There'd be a lot fewer stains on my kids' clothing. Heck, there'd be a lot fewer stains on my own clothing. Say for instance the pair of ivory slacks that I wore to work last Thursday, and unknowingly dropped a crumb of my Snickers bar onto them. An hour later, NICE chocolate stain right between my thighs. I was so proud! NOT.
Peace be upon all you lovely sisters!
The government was asked to look into the problem by a number of domestic organisations devoted to bathing and the effects on health, including the Japanese Society of Balneology, Climatology and Physical Medicine, and to support research that will reduce the number of deaths caused by taking a bath. Authorities are being urged to draw up guidelines on how to take a bath safely, encouraging people to avoid excessive changes in temperatures, gradually and carefully soaking oneself in hot water and drinking lots of fluids.
Moonstruck marker
Jim: "I should hope so Bob! Nothing wets the whistle on a hot day like flowing blood. Which reminds me, while they toss the coin I'm going to get me a Bloodweiser Bob."
I hadn't been making anything in awhile, but for christmas I did get an order. A woman from the school my kids attend to asked me to make some of my snowmen for her. And also, I was her advent angel (or secret santa) which I participated in. I made her an angel. And here she is.......
To the rhythm of a steel drum band
Write three letters as you read the novel. One as Tristan (to Celia, perhaps?) as Robard (to his mother?) and Maryam (to a sister or cousin at home?) about what they have seen and discovered.
Blogging is something that is relaxing for me, yet at the same time makes me anxious because I feel like I should be doing something else.... anyway... enough with this rambling...
I have just finished a little skirt I made for my little girl out of what I think was a boob tube. It is only age 11-12 which is why I am unsure. Do they make boob tubes for 11 year old girls? I guess it could've been a skirt but it had no elastic around the top. Hmm.
Cracked reflection,
But I also get a lift when I hear from everyone. I’ve received some of the sweetest and most unexpected emails these past few weeks, and I love knowing that you’re enjoying this blog.
01) Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness
Works in Progress.
“It’s a terrible thing,” Mr. Reagan told TV reporters. “I just can’t get out of my mind her husband, her chidren, as well as the families of the others on board.”
And were you left wondering why he wasn't doing anything?
"Ah, Ha! High in the middle and round on both ends. You like Bengals? Carson Palmer was one of my first customers."
This year has be better. I mean, It can't be worse, that's' for damn sure!
Old Market Pub & Brewery
Lie to Ming, Mary!
If you see anyone acting professorish who looks like George Zinkhan, give a quick call to 706-613-3888 with any information.
Yes, 2009 was a very bad year but 2010 is really turning out to be a winner so far. We look forward to the spring and flower planting and in addition, I want to try and get my pen back into action very soon.
Zero looked towards the washed out visage in the doorway. “And who might this master of yours be?” He asked wryly.
Sentiment Woodware.
Tonight, Steve, Elizabeth and I will gather around the television to watch "The Passion of the Christ." My prayer is that we never, ever become immuned to the images we watch during this movie. It's powerful, meaningful and hopeful.
- Fine Dining - We are lucky girls who get to eat at great restaurants, so we have a few places to recommend if you are looking for a higher-end, fancier experience. First and foremost: Woodberry Kitchen. We think it's the best restaurant in the city - the food is amazing, it's all local and sustainable, and yet the place is anything but pretentious. It's a wonderful establishment and we highly recommend it. You can have a reasonably priced meal there, too - get the burger or a flatbread and a few snacks and you'll be good to go. I also think they have the best dessert in the city, called CMP (chocolate - marshmallow - peanuts). Their other desserts (fruit crumbles, etc.) are excellent too, and change with the season. Their hand-crafted cocktail menu is extensive and delicious, and they serve wonderful coffee in teeny French presses. How could you not love that? Also, Woodberry has a great brunch if you are looking for a fancy-ish brunch experience. Note that they book up early for dinner and brunch, so get crackin' and give them a call! Read about one of our very first visits to WK here.
The answers came in a conversation my husband had with a mutual friend who’d recently worked with the now deceased man. This mutual friend needed to share some of the last conversations he’d had in the months and weeks leading up to the man’s death. My husband was told the problems
City of Big Bear Lake:
For this I blame my cousin who came to visit us a few years ago. I was almost exactly halfway through my 5-year project and had built up a nice collection of shirts, ties and suits but had not given much attention to my shoes. I had a pair of shoes that I wore to work which were in many ways the perfect shoe. They were incredibly comfortable and light. They were my shoes of choice if I was commuting in London and running up and down Tube escalators or simply spending long days on my feet.
Reality Fighters
Public- 1301 North State Parkway
a creature of lace and of personal space
“And maybe this is the best way to understand other theologians.
I really liked how Cach ended things with Wake Unto Me, leaving just the right balance of tied and loose ends. I was left wanting more but there wasn't some huge, dramatic cliffhanger that was going to leave me wanting to hitch-hike to the author's house, sneak in ninja-style, and steal the manuscript for the sequel. While in theory that sounds like awesome fun, I'd probably set off an alarm and get arrested before I could even read it so it is just as well this book ended how it did.
But all the liberals AND “conservatives” who share your views scream the R-word at anyone who opposes this White Genocide!
6) Keep up with daily housework
Of course ours:
Now, I can’t wait to get back to the gym this weekend so I can whip through the weight machines and then go and row. Bottom line, don’t be afraid to try something new. Mix up your routine a bit, once in a while. Keep it fresh and it will be fun. When I get bored with the rowing machine, I may just give a spin class at try!
We are lied to by the day, and by the hour, this is more of the same.
Picking through the cavities of my mind to see what I’d find
Rather than take dramatic action to stem the flood of illegal aliens along the southern border, the Obama administration brought a suit against Arizona at the same time twenty other states are writing and passing similar legislation to enforce immigration laws. Then they threatened Sheriff Joe Arpaio with a legal suit charging that he was anti-Hispanic!
To my beautiful baby girl:
05-21 Minneapolis, MN – First Avenue
According to psychologists, red in Africa is generally associated with mourning and death. So for heaven’s sake, avoid wearing red clothes by all means. It portrays you as a witch thirsting for blood. It only shows how much you hate your man and how you wish him early death so you can inherit his property. Red is the bearer of bad news and may cause death in the family, a road accident or block your man’s promotion.
atmospheric conditions would probably mean I wouldn’t survive very long, so
Till next week, travel safe, laugh loud, make each day the best of your life.
Evenflow
My ugly list
After her father's untimely death, eleven year old Liesl finds herself locked in an attic by her evil stepmother, Augusta, while her own daughter, Vera impersonates her. Liesl is quite depressed, and especially lonely. Then one night a ghost, named Po and his pet Bundle, appear. At first, Lisel isn't quite sure what to make of them, nor does she appreciate the invasion of her privacy. Slowly, though, they forge a special friendship. Po, who's able to travel to "The Other Side" also brings news of Liesl's father. He has a final request for his ashes to be spread by the pond near a willow tree at their old house. This sparks an escape and a quest, so here their story begins.
Of course, there would be no such committee, and no such suggestion, the locals would happily go ahead and paint their walls with images from their culture, their history and their fairy tales, as indeed they should. Then white people, including those who would be so mortally offended had Hans Christian Andersen adorned modern hospitals back home would have cooed in delight at the local culture.
Rating: 3/5
But I cannot wrap my mind around your reasoning behind the dead dress. After all, you ARE Lady Gaga. We expect you to wear something shocking and weird. We expect to be shocked. You don't need to back up your fashion choices with with anything. You don't need to explain. Just keep your mouth shut and look weird. I find your explanation of the "outfit" as fake as the wig on your head. You say that there were other reasons behind the "dress" as well. What exactly were they? Do they make any sense?
This second and final part looks at how a new generation of Garden Cities could be constituted and funded.
I am also drinking an LA-31 Bière Pâle out of the bottle.
Talk about a double whammy (as opposed to a double cheeseburger).
He also signalled that more work on digital and cross platform brand extensions with magazine titles would be common including launching two branded YouTube channels. In addition to more projects developed from the alliance between Hearst and transmedia entertainment producer Mark Burnett.
Once Zimmerman was out of his vehicle and on foot, did Zimmerman initiate the contact with Martin or did Martin initiate the contact with Zimmerman?
Specifically, Kolker considers:
Sometimes I think age is a purely relative thing. I met this man this afternoon, explained the nature and the goal of this project, and he replied, "but I'm not a stranger, most people in the city know who I am", in a lighthearted and vaguely amused kind of way. His way of speaking was eloquent but also quite modern in some ways.
I don’t speak much French. Leave me alone!
How wise is it to rewrite old work?
In fact, I would take few things seriously.
Original Air Date: September 25, 2011
The Apostle Peter tells us that, just as Holy Scripture is inspired by the Holy Spirit so it’s interpretation must also be facilitated by Him (see 2Pet.1:19-21). In confirmation, the Apostle Paul also tells us that,
That leads to humble acceptance
One interesting thing about this author is that she sets her books sequentially, setting the entire series in order and fairly close in time. This means that the book I picked up this month, though published this year, is still set in the 80's. She keeps her details accurate for the time (so no cell phones!). I haven't run into anyone else who does this (not to say no one else does, just that I'm not aware of them), and I think it's quite interesting. It's fun to get lost in the scenery of the 80's. The end of the series is drawing near, and I'll be sad to see it go.
Boston Bar Association
But, do we really know what we are preparing for? We are preparing for God to be born in our world and into our hearts. It is about unexpected gifts, just not anything you can buy at a doorbuster sale.
Vonnie helped me up and showed me where the bathrooms were. I clutched my small bag of belongings to me as I scurried off to wash myself clean of the sins of reading . For was that not what had gotten me into this mess in the first place?
Moreover, despite the BNP spokesman’s claims that Mr Killen’s flirtation with Nazism “was a long time ago”, the photo caption says it was taken by one Chloe Pattie. A brief surf of the Internet gives her current age as 21, and reveals that until last year she was a photography diploma student at Southport College. Reading between the lines it appears to have been taken as part of an assignment for her diploma A long time ago? Doesn’t sound like it to us. Doesn’t sound like Killen has changed his spots or his Hitler salute either.
Oh, and look at the contract. You probably have to pay permissions yourself and are responsible for any breach of copyright or privacy cases. So a bit of fictionalising really is the only way if you want to make any money from the contract and keep your house.
Happy Spring everyone...welcome it with all your senses.
VENUS IN BROAD DAYLIGHT: The brightest planet in the solar system is reaching its peak luminosity. On April 30th, Venus will shine at astronomical magnitude -4.7. That’s 190 times brighter than a 1st magnitude star, bright enough to see in broad daylight if your eye lands right on it…LINK
Well, in short, it’s an objective, not subjective, statement. Non-Catholics can indeed be saved, if through no fault of their own they are unaware that Roman Catholicism contains the fulness of the Truth and try, as much as they are able, to love God and do His will. to the liberals in the Church who take Ecumenism way overboard, I will say that, contrary to popular belief, the Second Vatican Council did not say that one can belong to any religion. To quote the council: “For it is through Christ’s Catholic Church alone, which is the universal help toward salvation, that the fullness of the means of salvation can be obtained. It was to the apostolic college alone, of which Peter is the head, that we believe that our Lord entrusted all the blessings of the New Covenant, in order to establish on earth the one Body of Christ into which all those should be fully incorporated who belong in any way to the People of God.” However, it did recognize that other religions contain elements of Truth and, if one belongs to those with a sincere desire to do the will of God, he may be saved. And now we need to address the uber-Traditionalists: this is not a compromise on the part of Vatican II in order to make Protestants or Jews or Muslims feel better. Baptism of Desire is in the Baltimore Catechism and, more importantly, the Council of Trent. You wouldn’t call those heretical, now would you?
823 D-XII/5/1981. “o kairos in the Julius Caesar of Plutarch and of Shakespeare.” Basic Program Staff Seminar, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001 (3), above, pp. 5-16.)
Starting with my favourite group of birds; the Raptors.
Nobody else worried about you,
To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee. It is my favorite book and her only published work. I love to decorate my house with books and I would frame it and display it in my living room.
strumming the strings inside the piano. It’s attractive and
Both civilian and military men and women with a fucked up sense of humor who’ve:
If you are not sure, you can do the water test where you take a bowl of water and dip a fork into the sugar then into the water. If it hardens then it's good. You could also use a candy thermometer and wait until it reaches 300 degrees but I think it's too much to clean up for this recipe.
That first time eating lobster was at my paternal grandparents’ house, a turquoise clapboard two storey, hemmed in by a white wooden fence. It looked like a doll house and my five foot grandmother the doll that lived there. But it wasn’t a doll house, it was her castle, and she rarely brokered dissent in it. The fact that she allowed my father to cook lobster in her house was an acknowledgement of just how much the favourite son he was.
Marking their 10th anniversary, the mask subset is die-cut this year. Take a good look at Mr Lehtonen here, as my craptastic all in one non-scanner butchered the rest of them.
We, naturally, had class on Valentine's Day and Jarred had a late meeting; however, he still came home with chocolate and a homemade card (the best!) and we had dinner together at one of our favorite restaurants.
The Committee called on the British Government to challenge the definition of official development assistance (ODA), through which relevant EU funding is used.
Well, the clouds in question are to the north-north-east. Usually the sunset is on the other side of the house.
I really don't like the look of my tables or counters with clutter on them, so I put the magazines (my inspiration for a lot of things) that I had sitting out in one side, and put my coasters, TV remotes, and the book I'm currently reading in one side. The other pallet wound up with a lot of magazines as well. Can you tell which one is Chris's favorite?!
The world around him rocked on. Two teenagers were necking in a nearby booth, legs stretched out so far that they kicked his table occasionally. The Batista knocked portafilters incessantly against the sink, punctuating the caffeine filled air with stainless steel rhythms and drums. The murmuring crowd sang base in low hums, not swayed by the occasional giggle or sharp exclamations.
Cheezy name, but I can never pass up a new stout.
mixture in a large mixing bowl filled one-third of the way with ice water (be careful that the water doesn’t splash into the lemon mixture). Stir the lemon mixture frequently until it is slightly chilled, about 15 minutes.
I have so many thoughts that run through my head regarding Luke. It is so hard for me to swallow this PDD-NOS pill. Why??? I see his twin sister that has no struggles. She can answer the WH questions without any thought. She can have social conversations without problems. She can sit still and listen easily. Why can't Luke? I so wish they were identical on that part...who wants to see their baby struggle. Not me! I hate that he has to work so hard to be a "typical" 4 year old. I am so grateful for all the things that he is good at. He gets excited to see me and cries when I leave. He gives the best hugs and kisses. His cuddles are the BEST. He says the ABC's with such character. Loves counting with team Umi Zoomie on Nick JR. Enjoys singing twinkle twinkle little star for whoever will listen. Never meets a stranger. Always makes sure his sister has and gets the same thing he has.
8. Increase the amount of non-electronic play your children do each day. Ideally get rid of all electronic entertainment for children under nine and minimise it for those over nine (say one hour a week for a nine year old, two hours a week for a ten year old etc) . Reduce or remove all extra-curricular activities for under nines, except swimming. Keep the number of activities for over nines to a two or three a week. Play with them more – but enter their world, this is not a time for teaching or control or boundary setting (apart from basic safety). Have daily rough and tumble, especially for boys, but also for girls. Have weekly tickle fests, but stop when they want to stop. Never, ever carry on when they are over it.
Sir E. GREY It would be undesirable to complicate the negotiations proceeding between other Powers by raising other questions than those now under discussion between them.
Cultivating a vision for transforming culture is the starting-place for this work, and Scripture is the place to turn for nurturing such a vision. By learning the Biblical meaning of such concepts as beauty, goodness, and truth, and then by envisioning the outworking of those concepts in our various cultural spheres, we can begin to get an idea of where we might establish goals and objectives for our own work in changing the culture around us.
Jane Wiedlin - S/T (IRS 1985, promo)
On our cruise to Mexico we had two different stops in Mexico, the first one was to Progresso and the other to Cozumel. Our day in Progresso we actually traveled into the mainland city of Merida which is the capital of the Yucatan. We went and saw this lovely church… it was very impressive for being in Mexico. I don’t mean to sound uninterested, I have just seen a lot of cathedrals to be struck in awe by every one I see now.
* GI problems such as diarrhea, nausea and vomiting
His name is Stephen Taylor and together with local winemaker Pascal Therain he organically farms a tiny vineyard in the village of Saint-Sernin-du-Plain in Bourgogne Côtes-du-Couchois. At just over half an acre this is a small estate that takes just one day to harvest by hand and the total production is around a thousand bottles – although I should point out that the entire appellation can only boast around 14 acres.
In everything you permit to happen to me:
I truly hope that everyone has a fabulous weekend. I cannot begin to thank you for all of your love and support over the last few weeks. It's the weekend of my birthday and I'm going out with the girls. And yes, I am responsible enough to already have a driver lined up.
Collaboration to achieve synergies and economies of scale is quite normal and feasible to any business organisation, either with or without cross- shareholding in the two or more companies.
Storrs, CT ?
I can imagine what my aging wall streeters must be saying. They must still be absorbed in their exorbitant lunches and their limo rides home, now with security; they must be dismissive, making derogatory comments about the protesters, doubting their plans and vision, calling them hypocrites, losers, lazy, salvation army dressers -- and being so damn unintelligent and greedy - they never wonder whether they are on the wrong side.
1/3 tsp red pepper flakes
It may be perverse, but I can sympathize: there is such a relief to imagine a world slowed down this way, forced into a more careful attitude towards the environment. Because of the novel’s structure, however, I saw less of the apocalypse than I wanted to. News of it drifts into the small town where the narrator is swimming in fresh water, digging wells, and growing potatoes, but little of it affects those in this place “at the edge of the world.” I am, perhaps, too hungry for the details of such apocalypses, and perhaps it is my own perversion as a reader that has me craving a close-up view of each lost bit of technology.
Whee! This is gonna be great. Just great.
So now it's Tuesday morning and the card still has to travel to another city and get delivered on Thursday. Knowing that on-time delivery was a long shot, I stopped by the main Post Office and dropped it in the mailbox there.
Level 2: MP Cost: 20, Damage: 220%, Number of Attacks: 4, 12% to inflict darkness on the enemy and lower it’s accuracy by 2% for 44 seconds. The last attack is critical.
I hope you enjoy this exercise, it can be very revealing.
In order to win, you must
Here's to hurting and suffering!
Why? Because Americans, like the proverbial frog being thrown into the pot of water and the stove being turned up to high, will keep adapting until we boil to death. The same thing happened to the Romans, French, Spanish and every other great nation that tumbled into the dustbin of history. Spain backed into submission by the Madrid train bombing. France stands on the doorstep of a crisis it won’t be able to contain.
"...Under the command of Admiral Chuichi Nagumo, the attack was devastating in loss of life and damage to the U.S. fleet. At 06:05 on December 7, the six Japanese carriers launched a first wave of 183 aircraft composed mainly of dive bombers, horizontal bombers and fighters. The Japanese hit American ships and military installations at 07:51. The first wave attacked military airfields of Ford Island. At 08:30, a second wave of 170 Japanese aircraft, mostly torpedo bombers, attacked the fleet anchored in Pearl Harbor. The battleship Arizona was hit with an armor-piercing bomb which penetrated the forward ammunition compartment, blowing the ship apart and sinking it within seconds. Overall, nine ships of the U.S. fleet were sunk and 21 ships were severely damaged. Three of the 21 would be irreparable. The overall death toll reached 2,403, including 68 civilians, and 1,178 injured. Of the military personnel lost at Pearl Harbor, 1,177 were from the Arizona. The first shots fired were from the destroyer Ward on a midget submarine that surfaced outside of Pearl Harbor; Ward sank the midget sub at approximately 06:55, about an hour before the attack on Pearl Harbor. Japan would lose 29 out of the 350 aircraft they attacked with...."
Europeans spend 11 billion on ice cream
In Elijah’s life and encounter with God we also see that sometimes we won’t like what we hear when God encounters us. Elijah had run away from Queen Jezebel, fearing for his life. But God encountered him and sent him back to his homeland with a three-fold task. He is to anoint Hazael King of Syria, anoint Jehu King of Israel and anoint Elisha a prophet to replace him. The kings that Elijah were to anoint were vicious men, probably a task that Elijah didn’t want to do. Also, when he anointed Elisha to take his place, he had to deal with his own humanity and frailty. No one likes to step aside to allow someone else to take their place. Yet, Elijah encountered God and from that experience, received enough strength to do tasks that were unenjoyable.
Let’s dance
* Slowly move back and forth and back and forth across the carpet; you will know when to move to a new spot.
Is not very good. Nice food, but eastern European style service and overpriced. Great cards though.
I LOVED the double bluff in the mystery of what CAL was. Everyone I talked to and listened to in the intervening week assumed that the girl being CAL would be too obvious - after all, this was Steven Moffatt - it had to be more complicated, and more chilling than that. But it wasn't. And that was brilliant, somehow. It does prove that the writing doesn't have to be complex to work.
Tools: label 4 Nestabilities
“Hey, why don’t I walk you home?” he said. Cassandra lived near Washington Square Park. He could play the good guy. Drop her off. Safe and Sound. Then head down alone to Chinatown.
Perfume derives from the Latin words per fumam: from the smoke. Fragrant herbs used to be placed on the bodies of human sacrifice to hide the stench of roasting flesh. Church yards in cities used to give off the stench of rotting corpses and I wonder if that’s why trees and flowers were always planted?
Demo.
I’ve written before about Garcia’s guitar tone being friendly, but the entire band had an ethos of friendlyness-ship. (Of course that’s a word. And if not a word proper, at least wordish.) All those references to following and leading and sharing (women, wine (Not Persian, though. Persian was not a share-y kind of substance.).) There was very little aggression in the music: no one will ever enter the Octagon with Brokedown Palace blaring. This made them a different band then–say–Slayer, who once wrote a song about Josef Mengele from Mengele’s point of view. While many Dead songs featured unreliable narrators, none of them were so unreliable as to have committed war crimes. Committing war crimes is the very definition of being unreliable: you need to be watched, apparently. The second everyone turns their back, BOOM: you’re sewing twins together.
Once my cake was filled and stacked, I let it set in the fridge so that I could add color to my remaining frosting. I was going for a peachy-pinky color, so I mixed pink with orange and a bit of yellow. Once that was ready, I applied my crumb coat of frosting (this is to seal the cake and to prevent any cake crumbs from ruining the finished frosting).
Perhaps that does not convince you. Perhaps you’re still thinking that anyone who ends up in prison must be guilty of something. No smoke without fire?
My Eslea.
*Sort your jewelry by color, type and occasion.
will “own” opportunities that have a lower level of complexity
The twins have way more shit than they need, Intestine Inc. is getting lethargic, and everyone is unhappy . . . except for taste buds, who have fallen asleep yet again, bare bottoms beating in the breeze, bodies still tingling from their latest orgy.
Congratulations to all our winners!!
The second round took place on May 5th, and Jacques Chirac won a fresh mandate with a predictably large majority. Nevertheless, despite the protests and indignation, the vote for Jean-Marie Le Pen sneaked up to 5.5 million people, or roughly 18% of the vote. There had been a fundamental shift in the French political world and in French society, and the issues have left lasting scars today. There is almost a sense of appeasement to this population, and Sarkozy won his own election in 2007 by basing his campaign around security issues.
I sure did!
“This is a parody of law. The frequency and manner in which the Police has filed cases against peaceful protestors clearly exposes that the police’s intent never was to uphold the rule of law, but to crush any dissenting voices,” said Sam Rajappa, a senior journalist who led a fact-finding team to Koodankulam in March. The national media has gone to town, and rightly so, over Mamata Banerjee‘s heavy-handedness against dissenters. But, its stony silence on Jayalalithaa’s campaign against people who speak out against nuclear power is curious.
But only for a moment at a time, and for that I am truly grateful.
Mrs MP is concerned.
It was an interesting experience for me to work behind the taps, as someone who has no experience pouring beers for customers. Partly, it was a lesson in consumer choice. Carver's was offering five beers: Lightner Creek Lager, Raspberry Wheat, ESB, Powerhouse Porter and Jack Rabbit Pale Ale, in addition to root beer for the kids.
Call 703-746-1702 with questions.
“When you're somewhere like this, you begin to notice what you are,” said John, slowing his pace and sniffing the air. “You begin to feel how you're supposed to feel. Don't you agree?”
Colour is golden and bright. Aroma is full of toasty, biscuity malt and then very ripe fruits. I get an almost stewed fruit aroma that follows through into the taste. It’s making me think yellow and fruity: peaches, mango, apricot, maybe some tangerine; things like that, all when very ripe. There’s some of that grainy, malty character in the taste too and then it’s all wrapped up and rounded off by a gentle bitterness. Lovely.
We stopped at the Texas rest stop just across the state line. Yep, that's me petting a baby alligator. His name is Jessie. He's two years old and of course his mouth is taped shut. Michael says how could I pet an alligator and not a snake. They, he says, feel alike. Right!!!
* Let's Go Rangers!
And until the ignoble and unhappy regimes
Hope you guys liked the background on my bartender brother Lewis and when i make it across the pond, this will be the first person I look up. Check Lewis out on these websites and social media sites..
As a shoujo manga reader by nature, I am still bored by action sequences in manga, although I will admit the action sequences in this were rather interesting based on the fact that the soldier’s method of conflict is so vastly DIFFERENT. But then again, I am reading this for the plot, so that’s not really a huge detraction at all, really. Also, I was pretty worried for Armin when he was being attacked by that female titan, so the fact that Isayama-sensei has me emotionally invested in the characters to that extent overcompensates for the fact that I am bored by action sequences.
Now onto this weeks challenge, its sure to have you all joining in:
So, here is a new creation - t-shirt with a refashioned neckline. To accomplish this I bought two of the same shirt from Target's 75% off clearance rack. They were probably $3/each so for $6 here is what I made.
"Oh. Not to hurt your feelings or nothin', but I don't think ya'll is going to sell many of those in this town."
‘I was attacked three – no, four times. Look at these marks. Know what they are? Teeth. I was going to my car and this guy attacked me. He grabbed my right hand because he knew I carried a pistol in a holster on my right hip. But I still had my left hand free so I whacked him straight in the mouth – like this! Because I’m a brown belt Karate and I will always fight back. So he falls back and lets me go, yah? But just before he runs away to find an easier target he swipes me with his knife – here! Not a deep wound, but what I didn’t realise then was they use poison on their weapons. Herbal magic. Muti, a Zulu thing. All kinds of strange preparations from the bush. Wild garlic and other stuff. So he’d smeared that on the blade. I only found out a couple of days later when I was out with friends and suddenly collapsed in the restaurant. I came round in the ER later that night and the doctors told me all about it.
Happy stamping your Christmas in July creations!
SO I made my list, I have my groceries and I am going to commit to eating healthy all week and Im going to try and make it to the gym more than once. It is hard for me to make time to go to the gym, after work I don't want to leave again for another hour. But getting up in the morning is impossible, like don't even say a word to me in the mornings if you want to live, kind of impossible. lol ;)
Order Renegade Magic:
Shotgun shells have a powder charge and primer that are largely the same as centerfire cartridges, but there are three basic differences:
Someday I am going to get that opportunity again. Absolutely sure the best sex is yet to come.
Tonkatsu again. Haha. Maybe the special on Tuesday is just various incarnations of fried pork cutlet? This time, it was different though. There was a ponzu sauce! We use ponzu in Hawaii so this wasn’t anything new, but I’ve never had ponzu with my tonkatsu before. My coworkers said it was there to “enhance” the oily taste, to make it smoother. They were right–it still tasted like something fried but there was a different quality to it. If I ate it with the grated daikon (radish–that mushy white thing on the left side, above the katsu), it was AWESOME.
Back in the ’80s – when I was told comedy was king – the clubs were full. A lot of people made some good coin and there were tons of clubs. There are more people around, yet the audiences are not there, why? Well, I think there are a number of factors. One, there are a lot of other choices available in terms of entertainment. Therefore a comedy show is competing with bands, movies, etc. Two, the internet – and this is for two reasons, A, that people can find ways to be entertained via the internet, finding things like Between Two Ferns or sites like College Humor or Funny or Die. B, that the internet is allowing people to see comedians they like, to get people interested in the product, not just the category. This means that the days of just showing up to a comedy club and accepting what is offered is no longer good enough. People seek out the comics they want to see. My last show was on Friday, March 9, 2012 – at Second City – about 200+ people got to see some of the best in this country – Fraser Young, Tim Steeves, Ron Sparks and Pete Zedlacher. The show was a fund raiser. Across the city Jo Koy was performing to a much bigger crowd – he’s a good comic, is he Tim – not even close. So, it’s not that there are no audiences – they are much smarter and savvy about whom they want to invest money into see perform.
Alright, I know it’s actually a few days past April Fools, sue me – actually don’t. Forget I said that. Anyway, even though it’s a few days later, I figured that I would provide a little more insight into some of the things we women do that some men folk know about, but for the most part are usually fooled by. Don’t worry, it’s not anything malicious – but it is kind of funny sometimes to know just how clueless guys can be.
Think of this as barre work. Only when you can do all five positions with your feet do you get to strap on your toe shoes and dance. You're not there yet.
My mom & I were actually going to head to the mall before it all started and we were glad we didn’t go. Although her car might not have been dented if we had left, but I’m glad we got to see the hail. I have never seen hail that large.
Another band we already had on the last issue are The Tremors. Here's one of their 45s. "Little Liza Jane" was one of Fats Domino's minor hits, and is more familiar in the version David Bowie made in 64 as Davie Jones & The King Bees. +++
When Nate is kidnapped and taken prisoner by the Sea Goddess, only Bertie can free him. She and her fairy sidekicks embark on a journey aboard the Thèâtre’s caravan, using Bertie’s word magic to guide them. Along the way, they collect a sneak-thief, who has in his possession something most valuable, and meet The Mysterious Stranger, Bertie’s father—and the creator of the scrimshaw medallion. Bertie’s dreams are haunted by Nate, whose love for Bertie is keeping him alive, but in the daytime, it’s Ariel who is tantalizingly close, and the one she is falling for. Who does Bertie love the most? And will her magic be powerful enough to save her once she enters the Sea Goddess’s lair?
S. Siblings: Only child
hanging planter. This is something I did about two years ago, but this simple idea seems to be a
