There is no shame in having an STI. There is only shame in deception.
The main aim of theosophy is, on one hand the, development of a global core of a humanity free of discrimination based on religion, race, sex, class and colour, but on the other hand, in relation to the previous objective, to prove that all the different religious faiths and heresies are substantially the same, with a common beginning and minor variations. Based on these aims, theosophy set out from the beginning to advance “comparative religion” as a means of demonstrating the origin of religions from common primary religious myths. However, characteristic of the theosophic understanding – due to its basically Hinduistic (and Buddhist, as concerns ethics) character – is the belief in rebirth and reincarnation, its denial of the existence of a personal God, spiritual pantheism (and in particular the presence of the divine essence in man; namely, man is in essence a god, a spark and rendering of godly essence with hidden divine powers), “evolutionism,” communication with already advanced beings of earlier periods (Spiritual Hierarchy) through spiritism (“mediumism”) and the expectation of a future teacher “Christ” (Maitreya), “Christ of the Aquarian period,” which will surpass all the previous “teachers” (“Avatars”), even Jesus.
Flats: Stuart Weitzman
Remember the story about us almost driving away when we first saw our house? Now you know what I was talking about right? And why would someone put a section of vertical siding on the front of the house and make it a different color so it would stand out even more?
Having thus soothed Dharma and the Earth, the great chariot-warrior drew his sharp sword against Kali, the agent of immorality.
No fella in his right mind will want to continue to “tegakkan benang basah” for his party anymore.
a) sounding and looking like an idiot as I use the wrong verb tense or stammer as I search for the correct word and;
Numb doesn't feel anything. He doesn't feel pain and he can't remember much of anything about his past. What he does remember starts at the circus he wandered into bruised and bleeding. After deciding to leave the circus Numb heads to New York to try and find his past.
But it was too late, and I had to just roll with it. So I piped my superman logo outline in black, and then filled it in with red and yellow frosting using a star tip. I wanted to do some sort of decoration on the sides, but my favorite basketweave design just didn't seem to fit with the whole Superman theme. So I just used a frosting comb to make a design on the sides. And then it was time to pipe the border in white. But since my frosting was already goopy and melty, the border on the top edge started drooping (sigh). But at this point it was past 3am and I was too tired to do anything about it. So I just left it alone.
Borderline personality disorder is easy to recognize.
All I can say is I'm glad the magazine doesn't use a star rating system, because judging by the reviewer's comments I wouldn't have scored any. Sufficient to say Ghost of Ping-Ling was not one of his favourite books.
The third item on the summit agenda is consolidating and expanding the military bloc’s partnerships throughout the world, a project recently augmented by NATO’s latest partnership category, Partners across the globe.
Tuesday, March 6 – Poetry Read Aloud
Since today is my birthday, I thought I'd squeeze in one more post of birthday wish lists and wish a happy weekend to all!
1/2 cup minus 2 tbsp real butter (no substitutions)
19.泥棒
Maybe our basement space is not too different from yours?
Well, there were a lot of wonderful hitters who at some point didn't or couldn't play a position -- Frank Thomas, Edgar Martinez, David Ortiz, Travis Hafner, the aging Chili Davis and Darryl Strawberry and Paul Molitor and Harold Baines -- and the games were so much more alive because of them. And so, I liked the DH again.
She's basically my hero...
happy and ease in her crystal veil
Corner of McArtur Park,
Brain Overload, tape loops, wake up sweats…
Greater love has no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends. John 15:13
Moby so delighted to be out in the grass, unperturbed by the people walking by right past him, fearless in his domain. In the hallways of apartments, such intrusions would have driven him back, cowed him completely. Here, well, they are nearly guests, or at least irrelevant. Such a change in him, and we must adjust and appreciate.
Echoing.
~ the role of divination or prophecy in societies or religions
Anglo-Saxons have been notoriously less ethnocentric than just about any other group. Jews (with some honourable exceptions) have pursued a consistent, long term strategy of undermining Anglo-Saxon Protestant hegemony in American politics and society. In Canada, the French have developed ethnic free-riding at the expense of Anglo-Saxons into an art form. It really is time that Anglo-Saxons ceased to believe that cosmopolitan self-sacrifice on their part will ever be reciprocated. Our weakness is in fact one of the most important reasons that whites generally—with the notable exception of Jews—are losing ground to the non-white masses flooding into what Europeans still so quaintly refer to as the “Anglo-Saxon countries.”
This morning we got up early to attend the hotels welcome buffet breakfast and presentation. I didn’t read the card correctly – they don’t do it on Sundays. Oops!
Next was Aisha from Medgar Evers who brought us a Brother Sewing Machine!
‘I know that all knowledge and power were yours
**EZRA 7:24 Also we certify you, that touching any of the priests and Levites, singers, porters, Nethinims, or ministers of this house of God, it shall not be lawful to impose toll, tribute, or custom, upon them.
We're in the bar, birthday celebrations (not mine) well underway, when she strolls in with boy and promptly turns her back on me to embrace someone. If the bra was black and lacy, ok. Maybe. But it's a dingy beige that once pretended to be SOMEONE's skin color. Functional rather than attractive (the two have been known to meet in one garment, but not this one).
that people don't understand (mercifully).
Kensington is also reprinting my vampire trilogy that I wrote under the name Debbie Raleigh. The Immortal Rogues, starting with MY LORD VAMPIRE (Feb. 28th) are regency historicals that are set in the early 1800s London England. They’re ‘sweeter’ than my current series (less sex and violence :-) ) but I do have a character in my current series that makes an appearance in my earlier books. It’s soooo much fun to write about immortals!
In the end, of course, it comes down to the writing - and very few of our best writers have made their work available on the web, at the expense of the print - and as for the others, who'll remember them anyway?
Before I share my reasons, I want to first make it very clear that I have many good friends and acquaintances who have chosen to go this route. And I truly wish them all the best. I hope they become wildly successful and their books get a gazillion fans, because the more good books we have, the more readers are looking for good books to read. And that's fantastic news for every book lover and author out there. Yes, there will be some good Indie titles, some that could have used some more editing, some that make people who like the written word go all twitchy, and some that will blow traditional books away. It's called a bell curve and it's apparent in just about every group of anything in life (yes, I took statistics in college).
Prepare and survive as you attain your attainablemind.
I posted a few weeks back about whether my blog should continue (or not) in its current form and I decided to keep going at least for a while. In some ways this blog is to let my friends know what's happening in my world (not much) and to keep me writing (ok there's writing and writing and this comes under the former). I'm not famous or infamous (as far as I know), so followers are people I know and it feels quite friendly and uncritical.
All of which made Fancy, her last single of 1969, seem more than a little autobigraphical: "Just be nice to the gentlemen, Fancy, and they'll be nice to you." Produced by Rick Hall at Muscle Shoals, it made the US Top 40 but felt bigger. Reba McEntire scored hugely with it in 1991, and apparently the film rights have since been doing the rounds for the story of a girl who "might have been born just plain white trash but Fancy was my name ... and I ain't done bad." Bobbie certainly hadn't. With the smarts as well as the sass, she set up her own publishing company, Super Darlin Publishing, and television production, Gentry Limited. Her purchase of a percentage of The Phoenix Suns basketball team in 1969, as well as vast tracks of land in California, made her a wealthy woman. Somehow, she also found time to record a stack of songs that remained unreleased, including Show Off, Donovan's Skipalong Sam, and the exquisite Smoke, unavailable until recently and all recommended.
I took the idea of Big Society to be a huge pat on the back for the Transition Network, basically saying we want more of this. I don’t think you should try and second guess their motivations and objectives, just seize the day, take the idea as a compliment and run with it.
Accordingly, they were the first to show up outside the British Consulate when Sands went on hunger strike. They could have made it there blindfolded for many had been tramping up and down Third Avenue since the Troubles flared once more in1968.
We’re on Earth, so change is inevitable (except from vending machines – as the old joke goes…). What do you think?
Tonia Pappan has been having a Christmas Party at OakHaven Designs Group. She has been giving away Christmas designs to member, but for one day only. I could not resist stitching the 3rd gift, which was given out on my birthday. And you can see now why I loved it so much - Owls!
Most people remember him from his Oscar-winning performance along with Daniel Day Lewis In The Name Of The Father.
Well I’m standing in line in the rain to see a movie starring Gregory Peck
For the latest challenge at Once Upon A ...Sketch, i had to create a layout about someone i miss right now and why. It could be about a loved one, but also about missing a special time in your life or even missing a beloved pet.
Currently PBB has 35 seats, SUPP six and BN club four, totaling 45 state seats. It is more than enough for him to launch his succession plan.
Now she must abandon everything she’s ever known—the guardians who raised her, the boy she’s forbidden to love—to move to India and convince the world that Amarra is still alive.
paul and west were laying on our bed finding shapes in the ceiling texture. i tried to join them and was told "You have to get out mom. You a gurl."
So I keep pumping it back up. (I'm going to buy a new one, and fixing man was twenty miles away, so going back and arguing involves a forty mile round trip and fuel etc.)
Hudson Mohawke – Push
- by Mjollnir
This is where my patience came in handy.
44 In this layer, create a 160 by 50 pixel rectangle, with round corners if you like, choosing any colors you like. Place it over the lowest third of the background square and center it horizontally.
All these recipes look so delicious but the real challenge will be when I make my husband’s dinner each night. He wants absolutely no part of this break. He doesn’t know yet (and he might not have even noticed if I didn’t write it here) that he will not be eating cheese this week. I can touch and cook just about anything without snacking on it, except cheese….and maybe chocolate!
It's easy to be gluttonous about delicious things, like pizza or tacos or chocolate.
Professor Rashib: Those letters are too thick. Now do it again.
Think clarity first. Sometimes even the AP inserts a comma before the final conjunction. The classic example goes like this: He willed his estate to Tom, Mary and Jim. Without the comma following the name Mary, it means Tom receives half and Mary and Jim share the other 50 percent. If the author intends it to be divided into thirds, it would read: . . . Tom, Mary, and Jim.
I realized that nursing wasn't for me.
All I want for Christmas is to be able to have a train of thought other than the above, say, once a day. It's terribly inefficient to have your mind perpetually preoccupied with a complete lack of decisiveness. It's the opposite of efficient, actually. I'm enamored of the idea of living in an actual city, with actual places and things to do, and, I'm nervous mentioning this because I don't want to jinx it, books. The idea of being able to browse a bookstore that stocks something other than James Patterson, Twilight, and Ann Coulter is enough to make me feel guilty for entertaining such indulgent thoughts.
When Interior Ministry officials upbraided the drug interdiction specialist over an incident in 2009, it was taken as a sign that “MINREX, via MININT, is attempting to elicit a response from the USG … to maximize its interaction with USINT and the USG writ large,” another cable noted.
He looked at the stack of flattened boxes for a moment and thought about it.
Step 4: Panic.
Days earlier, Hindu extremists disrupted a prayer service in Pandhi village in Chhattisgarh state. For two days the attackers threatened and assaulted attendees with their fists and leather belts. They also tore down the believers' tent.
- Basking in the sunshine! It may not be a couch..but it's at least a chair! :) We are enjoying temps in the 80's and I am loving every minute of it because I know they won't last long!
I wish I had actual internet so I could flood these pages with the amazing photographs from the afternoon of heaven. Alas I am moving house tomorrow and the router is nowhere to be found! So please follow this link to Martha Stewart Weddings to see for yourself!
The Redeemed have been forgiven and adopted as children of God, given the promise of a glorious inheritance. In God’s timing, Jesus will return again as Savior and Judge and will bring about the Restoration of creation. Sin will be eternally judged, faith in Christ will be rewarded with the promised New Heavens & New Earth.
Well folks, this completes the long journey making our six garam masalas!! Please make any of the garam masalas for other dishes too. I’ll be returning to these masalas in the future.
We're thrilled to announce that the second annual Mother's Day blogging series, Mother of Pearl is back. (Similar to the popular 12 Pearls of Christmas series) This is a free series of 7 posts for you to use during the days leading up to and including Mother's Day. Whether you're a mother or not, this series is designed to celebrate mothering in all forms. Some of your favorite writers and bloggers (Tricia Goyer, Bonnie St. John, Cindy Stiverson and more) have offered up their talents to celebrate moms. The series also features a "pearl" themed giveaway (a hand-crafted pearl necklace) for you and your blog readers.
And seek with laughter what to brave;—
3 idea
"It has been redesigned by order of Starfleet Regulation 1177/66ACF/24" the computer tersely tells me.
Please, Ireland. Please please vote NO.
You'd make little Gordon Matta-Clark-esque incisions throughout the city – taking out whole floors and elevator shafts – cutting away at every building, one executive office suite at a time, till each building begins to tilt, warp, or list... at which point you'd stop, take a photograph, calculate something, then submit the image to a mathematics journal, thus winning the next Fields Medal for Applied Mathematics.
My bloodwork was fairly inconclusive – out of all the factors they tested, 3 were elevated but this can be normal in about 10% of the population according to my doc (although, for example, one of the normals was 1 and my reading was 8!!). I had some x-rays of my hands today and have an appointment with a specialist in a few months, so hopefully we’ll be able to figure all of this out fairly quickly.
Wally batted .290 with 22 HR and 100 RBI his rookie season. Played in the 1986 All-Star game.
We are having some amazingly mild weather lately, and from what I've been reading, so has a lot of the country. I'd say many of us are due some mild weather after a year of real extremes. I've been seeing posts and hearing people talking about some of the plants that are already showing buds or making their way up through the soil. As much as I love seeing those signs of spring I'm a little nervous that we could and probably will get some really cold weather. Some plants will be fine either way, but there are some that might not be.
3. Americans never agreed to such a long war It sure looks like “war fatigue,” says Mark Thompson at TIME. “The U.S. public never signed up for a decade-long war in Afghanistan.” Blame the Bush administration, which “decided to try to rebuild a war-wracked country instead of simply ousting the Taliban after 9/11,” and the Obama administration, which “doubled-down as a way of proving its martial bona fides.” And don’t forget Congress, which never officially declared war, failing to make our mission clear or attainable.
Then another dude floated down, and another. All these tall gorgeous blonde men falling from the sky, hanging from big poofy parachute thingies. It was like Christmas and New Year's and my birthday all in one. Only thing that would have made it better is if a) they were naked and b) I had my camera.
I could go on and on, but I am crying already and I don't want to pick you up with puffy swollen eyes. (More embarrassment.) I love your Wish, Hope, Dream motto.
The following may contain offensive language. Proceed at your own peril.
for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment,
The original Flinstones weren't really THAT funny. It was good, and had some adult situations, but even King Of The Hill is funnier. So I have no doubt that this will be funnier and better than the original.
The change from living in my van in New Zealand to teaching German children English in the Alps has been extreme. My work day starts at 7:00, we get between 30-40 kids up, ages 9-16 and usher them down to breakfast. We play English games in the morning, then are usually off hiking, rock climbing, and doing high ropes courses in the afternoons. Dinner at 6:00, then an intense hour of physical exercise I like to call "fun time" and if we exhaust them enough they'll be in bed by 11:00. My "free time" are the hours I get to sleep in between when the children go to bed and when they wake up again. As you might imagine, it's very full on.
The long restoration campaign at the cathedral is nearing completion and the scaffolding has finally been removed from the façade. I had been waiting for months to photograph some of the animal sculptures, and a couple of mornings ago, as I trained my camera on the ox at the upper left of the window, I was reminded that quite a few of the façade's decorative corbels are animal heads, among them, a pig, without question my favorite.
It's time for a new set of goals. Round 4 of ROW80 2011 starts today. After studying the kinds of goals other people had and how vague some of my goals had been, I'm starting off clearer and to more purpose. It also includes care of this blog and support to my fellow writers, since none of us exist in a vacuum.
Somewhere into the first chapter of Fallen I decided I probably won’t read the rest of the popular four-book series – and yet that wasn’t because I found the first installment a drag to read. It frequently produces cringe-inducing clichés and is terribly predictable (I mean, really, trick us a little bit more before the disarmingly good-looking boy produces the serpent necklace and announces himself in the first quarter of the novel as the bad guy), but then again, I’m not a 13-year-old girl, and it’s from that perspective that this book should be judged – and it is from that perspective that it has been hugely successful.
Things looked impossible for the apostle Paul. As he sat in his prison cell, his friends told him about various problems within the church at Philippi. There were false preachers causing doctrinal problems. Some within the church were having heated disagreements. Paul was facing a possible death sentence, for preaching the gospel. Others were awfully distressed about the trials they were facing, just for being a Christian.
Thanks so much for having me, Lisa! To thank you and your readers for putting up with me, I’d like to offer one commenter a copy of Flipped (or one of my backlist books). Just leave a comment if you’re interested, and I’ll pick a winner Saturday morning.
Bomb Girls is a Canadian mini-series that just ended it's first six episode run last week. High ratings for the show have made it the #1 New Canadian Original Drama of 2011/2012. Twelve more episodes have been ordered - very exciting news!
From some perspectives, the healing of the disabled person in Acts 3 could look like just another healing miracle that doesn’t seem to have much relevance to life today. What I find interesting, though, is what Peter says in verse 16a:
John Bonham Drums
Sigmund Freud, father of talk therapy, following the Gestalt psychology method of introspection, knew that language can provide a view into the mind. My choice of words reflects and associates to the entire human experience. We should not fear to go down the rabbit hole of language analysis. Now more than ever, America needs to examine the inconsistencies between our words and our actions.
Strain the water and reserve.Mash the pulp and dilute adding water and take the extract duly filtering again.
"you can see lines and muscles around your mouth now"
Unequal yellowness and platinum, withal, unpolluted silver is rather inconstant and oxides rather speedily. Thence, greyness jewelry is usually plated with added metal to protect it from tarnishing. There are two kinds of coat for silvery jewelry: metal and metal plating. Nickel coating has a solon whitish examine and metal plating has a darker face. Metal is utilised to shell unintegrated yellow and platinum adornment and is often more dear than nickel, and it ply punter imposition to the decoration underneath. On the opposite labourer, several superior sophisticated superior conductor jewellery does not bed any plating and the appear is refined byanisation to present radiancy. Also, "oxidized silver" jewelry is alter on aim to devote a saturnine unfashionable looking and is not plated with any other metals.
I love the circle of love and the dainty drops birthstones!
It's weird, being in the middle of a run of a play. I guess cos it's quite unfamiliar to me, doesn't happen too often.. many of my co actors do this all the time so it's just like.. going to the theatre and putting on a show, I suppose...
Gytha paid him no mind, she would do what she could do. "Dear Saint," she began. "I have asked your help much today, but the need is great. This is a dark time and a dark place. Please lend me the strength to heal one who has fallen to this dark, who fights the evil you have fought with merely mortal strength. Please dear Saint, aid this fallen warrior who is near death." She placed one hand upon Edouard's head and the other on his chest. A deep green glow began but as it sank in it was replaced by gold, a shining gold that surrounded Edouard, his body lifted from the ground, his arms fell to his sides, suspended as well. His body shook and an angry line of red curved back and forth like a snake through the haze of gold. Gytha felt a great pain, her hands were on fire, it blazed at her, but she called upon the Saint and the golden glow increased. The red lashed out, it sprang from the cocoon of golden light and sought for Gytha's throat, but as it left Edouard it paled and faded into a dark steaming cloud, then blew away, up and up toward the high ceiling and disappeared.
McConnell, Boehner and Cantor say they are on the same side and never publicly criticize one another. But for the past five weeks, each has appeared to play to different audiences inside the Grand Old Party, with different motivations, according to aides and Republican lawmakers…. – WaPo, 7-25-11
Each morning, "she would take each child on her lap and say that she was going to 'fill them up with Mommy love.' She'd start at their toes, work her way up and end with a kiss on top of their heads. Then she did the 'love egg.' Do you know that trick where you pretend to crack a egg over someone's head by gently tapping them on the head and then spreading your fingers down their hair? She would call this the love egg and crack it over them, spreading more Mommy love. Both older kids loved this and wanted to do it every day. This five-minute game helped them to be able to play on their own and with each other while their mom was busy with the new baby; it also helped them to be loving and warm toward the baby instead of resentful." -- Playful Parenting
You can substitute the spelt flour with whole wheat pastry flour or all purpose.
These bumps are annoying and will cause you discomfort. This is why it is so important to have it taken care of right away. Genital warts look like little bumps that form around the penis or in and on the vagina, the cervix and the anus. This virus is passed when people engage in all types of sexual conduct. It is important for people to know that these are not the same warts that are found on the hands and feet.
“If I’ve given you reason to not worry that I don’t have a license because I have all these other reasons I’m an expert, you could still harm the public,” she said. “At least you’re not trying to mislead the public, but you’re trying to get the public to trust you.”....
Winner for the bonus entries: Samantha Rae
I believe in one or two snacks a day as part of a healthy diet. That’s in addition to three moderately sized meals eaten at regular intervals. Sounds like a lot of food, you say. Not really. When I say “snacks,” I mean a couple of tablespoons of nuts and raisins; a small dish of Greek yogurt with some strawberries; a quarter-cup of black bean dip with fresh bell pepper strips; or half an apple or banana with two tablespoons of nut butter.
I had to chuckle the other day as I was walking through the grocery store and passed by the infamous bag of mixed nuts! Do you remember the glass dish that mom got out at Christmas and filled with all sorts of hard candy, oranges, and nuts? I think of you every time I look for something in the utility drawer in my own kitchen and I see the nut cracker and pick. I have so many simple, but oh so special holiday memories of you, Daddy.
Here's a tip: if you have to crush nuts--use a can of food, not a knife to crush them. It's much easier AND faster. Not to mention, safer!!
“Jump Around” (House of Pain cover)
Hasn't been much going on lately in terms of births. One of the other midwives seems to be the baby magnet now. My last two nights on call were so quiet that I was checking my pager to be sure it was on!
If you had to do it over again, would you choose law enforcement as a career?
How to hold it all together when all I want to do is crawl under the covers and not come out.
among the fruit trees.
Embellishing both types
It's a remake of a much earlier film (by the same title) with John Wayne as the leading man. This movie does it justice, in my opinion.
Pros: A sail boat provides you with a bed, stove, table, chairs, etc. You have the comfort of a campervan with the fuel use of a pushbike.
Category: Arts and Crafts
Renault have announced an aero upgrade, no doubt including the dramatic Front wing and ‘faired’ wheels seen on the last day of testing.
Here’s what I’m not sure about, though: are my multiple anonymous identities compatible? If all this goes ahead, will I need to hang up my role as a bitchy bride and embrace that of (only mildly miserable I promise!) memoirist full time? If I’m putting myself out there for both my writing and my life to be judged, do I want my critics to be able to link back here? Though my memoir is full of self-criticism, deeply personal confessions and even some cringeworthy sex scenes, I’ve boxed those up for consumption. This blog, however, is an ongoing exploration of my relationship and marriage. As such, in a way it feels far more personal.
This particular gjellë recipe follows my dad’s instructions and it is delicious. Even though I kept mmmm-ing in satisfaction after every bite I felt that my dad's okra was better.
I believe I've read all of the McNally stories that Lawrence Sanders wrote. After he died, the series was taken over by someone else, but I haven't had the heart to check them out. Maybe someday. As it is though, Archy McNally is hands-down one of my favorite characters, and these books are always good for a laugh.
After we finished our tasting, we stopped by Lover's Leap on the way back to the hotel. Many towns have spots like this where two star-crossed lovers (in this story two native Americans from warring tribes) took their lives rather than be separated. It provided great views of downtown Hannibal and the river.
I had a little talk with her, as Luther looked on from his basket, purring. I put on my very serious voice. “Luther is very ill, sweetheart, and Daddy is taking him to the vet’s in a minute. He’s going to have some special medicine that will make him go to sleep forever so he doesn’t hurt any more.”
High heels or low heels?
Be careful if you think you stand
Selection criteria
Removed Review: It says "RAMEN" in Katakana, Big Japanese typo, on the window.
I find this initiative very attractive and I encourage you all to somehow contribute to Glottopedia – perhaps provide an article with a proper background? Or maybe just stare in awe and keep in mind that there is a place where you can quickly look up all the linguistic terms you need and it’s not necessarily Utopia anymore.
Now you may be wondering, how does this relate to an IP process? In short: Idea screening and ranking. Many companies have ranking committees, all filtering out the good ideas from the bad. Often several different departments are included, perhaps IP counsel, and an IP Manager. For mid to large firms that have a large amount of innovations submitted for patenting, the ranking process that is controlled by the few on the ranking committee, which means these few have to sort and filter a large number of ideas. But is this process skewed?. Recently Bill Mead of Basic IP wrote an article entitled “The 6 Stages of Inventors” which sums up the state of most current processes. Mead notes several social norm based problems with this ranking process. He writes “Many patent committees will not select patent applications based only on merit. A variety of other factors can crowd merit off the table. For example, "This is this inventor's first disclosure, we need to file on it to encourage them." Or, "We are not getting enough disclosures in this area of technology, we need to file on this disclosure because we need more coverage here." Or, my personal favorite non-merit-based reason "Might be useful." When taken with the "This person has more than his/her fair share of patent applications this meeting" norm that inventor mentors have inflicted on them, these seemingly innocuous norms can become an oppression to your company's best and brightest inventors, your inventor mentors.”
A centerpiece on my table
I've already put away all of our Christmas decorations - can you believe it? Does that make me a Scrooge? Don't get me wrong, I love our Christmas tree (and its box, and all of the other decorations) but they were all taking up too much space over here and making me feel a little bit claustrophobic. But I can breathe now! Woo hoo! Bring on the new year.
My dabbling in online dating continues to be interesting, often funny. I’m going into this to expand my social life and meet good men who might become friends, or provide an hour of interesting conversation, or stimulate me to pursue a deeper relationship – or just remind me why I enjoy my single life. I’m not earnestly seeking a soul mate or looking to get married.
who go around making all the holes bigger.
“They went onto the property several times in the middle of the night without his knowledge and without his permission,” said his lawyer, Harrison Latto.
GO AMERICA!!
He hovered above his body on the floor knowing that he took back control of his life.
Here’s what an OB/GYN had to say on why this is how the age of the fetus is calculated.
No customer minded the serving glass size, if they wanted a pint instead of a schloonerly two thirds then the staff did let them know the price would be y instead of x if the board price was for a different size to what was ordered. But other than that, most people just ordered via the 'Can I have that beer' and let the bar decide the serving size. This is good for us customers as some beers are very expensive as pints but 2/3 glass size that work out better and this also works well for 6% beers I found.
Of course, no one knows exactly what life after death would be like, but here are some ideas people have had. How likely do you feel each possibility is? Very likely, somewhat likely, not too likely, or not likely at all?
And plants that look like octopi
I also attended a massive regional meeting for all PCVs living in Southern province. We have already begun to plan this year’s upcoming GLOW and BE camps. While some camps will be held in the summer, Nyamagabe’s camps will not be until late fall. I will be leading Camp BE and cannot wait to get started. Facilitating Camp GLOW and BE was so much fun, and definitely two of my most rewarding weeks in Rwanda thus far.
Whew. Breathe in, breathe out.
The international editorial and curatorial board will select the most convincing works. Among strong traditional awards, which you can see on www.memefest.org, two new awards are introduced this year.
According to what I’ve read about them, this means that they consider my scrap paper an awesome feeding source. Apparently worms lay their eggs near their feeding source.
…if my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land.
“Do I believe in Ghosts?” echoed Mr. Hicks, as he offered the scribe a seat. “If ever anyone saw a ghost, I did – or, if it wasn’t a ghost I’d like some learned scientist to explain the phenomenon.”
Step One: UPLOAD A FREAKING PICTURE!
I developed obsessing counting rituals where I’d try to calculate, among all the food items in the pantry and refrigerator and freezer, if there’d be enough to get me through x-number of days.
I love how the Captain plays along with my stupid ideas. He's the bread to my butter. The stick to my stamp. The fallopian tube to my ovary. Or whatever.
Operation Bluestar alienated the Sikh population. On October 31, 1984, Prime Minister Indira Gandhi’s Sikh bodyguards assassinated her in retaliation for the desecration of the Golden Temple. This assassination resulted in the gang raping of women in front of their families, the burning alive of Sikh men and children and the looting and burning of Sikh property in New Delhi and other cities across India. You did not have to support the Sikh insurgency movement to be targeted; merely being a Sikh would have got you killed. As a result of the destruction, 50,000 Sikhs were left homeless. Several eyewitnesses and relief workers identified political party leaders and police officials as instructing the mobs into violence against the Sikhs (Kaur, 2002). To this day, the government has not charged a single political or police official for their role in the violence (Kaur, 2002).
No fear of getting dirty
John, Sr. had been a New York City fireman at one time, and in 1858 organized the Austin Hook and Ladder Company #1. Apparently the Bremond family made fire-fighting an elite pastime. John, Sr. had special uniforms tailored for him in New York, and several of his descendants were involved in various local fire companies.
“Then what would make a sweet, hard working woman suddenly blurt out that she was unappreciated and was told she wasn’t doing her job?”
I could sleep on a train,
Eating my Lunch
After we finished our samples we made our way through the yard witnessing spent grain shooting out into a truck. On the far end we made our way past the hop processing facility and through the garden to the hop fields. Everyone got a chance to cut down a few of the remaining bines that we then loaded on a golf cart to bring back to the hop picker. Lau instructed us on feeding the base of the bine into the picker and ensuring it is untangled as it feeds into the machine. The machine does not like to run idle so bines must be continually fed to appease its appetite. It was amazing watching hop cones shoot out separated from the rest of the material.
Monday 12th: Walk in Totnes.
I hate our neighborhood. It's dead and reclusive and I'm a west side girl anyhow. It's just a river, but I feel divided from the rest of the world living here. We're sandwiched between our landlord's house and the abandoned one and until recently the one across the street was long vacant, too. I have grown no attachment to this place, there are no roots.
Ok so on tuesday I got together with my group for animation and we set to work in piecing together and organise the animatic for our final group animation.
05. Shrapnel feat. Mobonix & Mic Crenshaw
A toes is a toes!
Farming business WJ Watkins and Son Ltd has been fined £6,000 after an employee, Richard Robinson, fractured his skull after falling from the prong of a forklift truck at an animal feed mill. The company pleaded guilty to breaching Section 2(1) of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 for allowing dangerous working practices.
He is the true God and the true High Priest who for our sake entered once for all into the Holy of Holies, taking with him not the blood of bulls and goats but his own blood.
1 collect
That isn’t to say the the TTC employees are rude, because they are not, I’ve been smiled at many times when I flash my Metropass and I’ve been on buses where the drivers are incredibly helpful and seem to genuinely want to aid their passengers to get to where they are going. But I’m not going to get angry when one of them has a bad day and doesn’t smile (maybe because some asshole from Ajax spit on him or her as him and his dude-bro entourage hit up the club district) and then use that one time occurrence as a full-time example of how the TTC is run.
Another part оf thе ultra setting would bе thе Direct-X compatible sound card thаt hаѕ motherboard capabilities іn delivering а high quality sound. These cards are nоrmallу internal оr external and cаn be attached tо а surround sound system for а ultra gaming experience.An active Broadband Internet connection iѕ nеcеssаry fоr normal and ultra settings.
“Yes sir. Point a speaker playing this music at a concrete structure, or even something built with a small concrete component, and it will explode like a giant stick of dynamite!”
Spent all day in prayer,
prosecution advanced at the trial."
~meow
The only other thing I have to say on the subject is this: if it’s writing these irregular verbs down that stumps you then saying your sentence out loud to check if it makes sense.
Trueman: My wife asked if I was looking forward to going. I said no but it will give me something to write about. But I must admit that I had a great time.
Q: That’s your FAVORITE pregame ritual?
Review: I'm always looking for new ways to cook a traditional cut of meat - like the pork loin for example. I came across this recipe on pinterest because I had a pork loin in my freezer needing to be used. I threw it in the slow cooker (love my slowcooker!) and followed the directions and was VERY PLEASANTLY surprised at how incredible it was. It was perfectly moist, and packed with amazing flavor! Try it! Serve with roasted or mashed potatoes - and your favorite veggie side - like steamed broccoli! The whole family loved it and the kids wouldn't stop asking for "mo chickin pease!" - all meat is referred to as chicken by these kiddos... not sure why!
I created a cleaning schedule to help keep my life saine, and am sharing a blank one so you can keep your house clean in just 20-30 minutes a day! It's fabulous. But you have to go over to sissyprint to get the printable! With your blank cleaning schedule you can print it off, and add your own rooms that need cleaning each day.
I'm choosing these verse to memorize for the next two weeks. They're written on my ceramic board in my kitchen where I can see it every day. I'm also writing it in my Siesta Memory Spiral which Beth Moore had made up for those who follow her blog and participate in Scripture Memory with her every other year.
Many of Björk's Icelandic recordings are still available (including "Gling-Glo" and Tappi Tikarrass' "Miranda" LP - although not her 1977 solo debut!). For more details, write to Bad Taste Mail Order, P.O. Box 1263, 121 Reykjav`ik, Iceland.
Riding an elephant on bareback is fun but not that easy...
They tried to buy the oil company Unocal. Congress passed a law saying they could not.
This is the third installment in the Hike the Bible series reviewing major hiking trails in the Lands of the Bible.
And I had to read this piece of garbage for my English 105 class. For a philosophy or even an economics class I can understand, but for an English class? There was no reason to make us read this.
Freedom
Come to work in army fatigues and when asked why, say, “I can’t talk about it.”
We’ve been getting plenty of rain over the past two days, which means we don’t have to go out and water our new plants. But the 4 o’clock update to the weather forecast is now calling for snow and an overnight low right around freezing, so we’ve just spent an hour or so putting a breathable “igloo blanket” over all the new plants (except for the really tall ones, where tomato cages and large plastic bags will have to do the trick).
If you would like come for buy thing, that the best period. Booking room is right now relative easiest and cheap, many hotel count reservation room already confirm.
The application identifies parasites, pathogens, chemicals and medicines that are discharged from the facility such as; Chloroquine, Formalin, Furacin/Nitrofurazone, MS-222/Finquel, Praziquantel (biltricide), Tucoprim, Phenobarbitone, Enrofloxacin, Itraconazole, Household bleach, Betadine, Urea Hydochloride, Potassium peroxomonosulfate, Sodium Dodecylbenzene-sulphonate, Sulfamic Acid.
Our first Geography Club meeting for the year will be this Friday. Geography Club meetings will be 3 hours long with a short break in the middle. Each month we will have a different focus based on the 5 themes of geography and activities are found through the National Council for Geographic Education.
a stunning lampwork egg from super talented Kelley Wenzel,
my fanfict to tyas noona~ since i’m too confused with your bias so i’m not put and you just need to imagine a guy you want to be with keke~
*5*
Because of her parents, Martha and I have our own family wisdom. Never ever tell Mom and Dad that we knowingly, willingly, and with thought aforethought, actually throw our broken old shit away.
Skating around that familiar blue rink reminded me of Saturday morning skating lessons during my elementary school years. Admittedly, I am not the most graceful person you will ever meet, but for some reason I convinced my parents to pay for lessons and at one point I even had my own skates and one of those weird skirted leotard outfits. I'm not sure I was ever particularly good at skating, but I did skate my little elementary school heart out, and it was Springfield in the 1980's so who really cares anyway.
Her writings include the evolution of consciousness, motherhood and spirituality, conscious parenting and empowering women to re-connect with their feminine power.
Put aside a grassy area and leave without mowing between April and September and you may be surprised by the amount of plant diversity your grass is concealing. If you combine this strategy of reduced mowing with removal of grass clippings, scraping away areas of grass and spreading wild flower seeds in Autumn, you may also be able to improve the plant numbers and species in a single year.
She has been making these crazy, beautiful purses, and she finally decided to SELL one.
I am going to scream when I get into Exeter. I always do when I travel in Britain.
No one ever said it was easy - you often struggle with despair. But when it does come right, the reward is a joy like no other: the feeling of touching the real thing at last.
A good portion of Appellant's arguments consisted of a re-recitation of claimed features, where purportedly missing features were highlighted:
singing happy birthday
This is the exact same thing I’ve been telling students for nearly 10 years (and the same thing my mother has told me for my entire life!), but when you hear it coming from an Olympic rider, somehow the words have a little bit more weight. (PS – Thanks, Mom!)
The global movement to teach individuals how to better handle their financial affairs is just getting started, and a survey that Visa International will unveil today shows just how far the movement has to go. Financial literacy scores in the 28 nations that were polled topped out at just over 50%–a flunking mark by almost any standard.
Then he chortled some more and said he needed to bring his light-saber to school because tomorrow was one of those days when fun things go on before school.
Possible: Sound Mixing, Sound Editing
As I let these changes grow on me, I am beginning to become one with them. This is what life is all about. Things have to change so you can grow. People have to leave you so they can grow, too. Women have to have babies so the human race can continue. Friendships change – sometimes they even end – and it’s not the end of the world.
Here's hoping for a down payment on a cool billion...
What aspect of church do we expect people to make that connection with? A teacher at heart, it’s my hope that a relevant exposition of the Bible will have some influence. For many, singing in praise to God with the rest of the church provides the connection. But, should people anticipate weekly worship as the most significant time to meet with God? I wouldn’t be surprised if a large percentage of people find their connection with God during small group discussions, while serving others, after making what was learned on Sunday a part of real life during the week, or even during the thought process involved with writing (or reading) a blog.
Luckily for men, marriage ceremony or perhaps formal wear outfit is not overly complex. First of all you must discover out there when the wedding is actually dark tie. Quite simply black connect can be a dress rule for a formal evening occasion (wel arrive at its factors inside a tic). If you find absolutely no outfit program code stated on the invites you’ll be able to suppose it will be regular wise clothes or non-black link.
Broadway and Television Actress
I use to think that having hope was a choice. You choose to be hopeful. But after reading this verse I realized that you can't really choose to be hopeful and succeed, at least not for long. The only way you can truly know hope is to trust Him. It says, "as you trust in Him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit."
After I put it together like they said I garnished it a bit. With frosting in a spray can. How cool is that.
He goes on to say ” But blessed are your eyes because they see, and your ears because they hear. For truly I tell you, many prophets and righteous people longed to see what you see but did not see it, and to hear what you hear but did not hear it.” Matthew 13:16-17
Nominated, César Awards 2003 – Best Sup. Actress (Hoang Thanh At)
And I,
The fact of the matter is that corporate personhood is a necessary legal fiction of modern civilization. Yes I’m finding these SuperPACS a little annoying too, but challenging the idea of corporate personhood is probably the worst way to deal with this annoyance.
To understand the actual experience of meditation, it seems logical to understand the definition of it. Meditation means effortlessly remaining in whatever is. Now effortlessly remaining suggest that I sit in whatever is happening around and inside of me. In short, just sitting with my doing, saying, thinking and external environment.
Meteorologist Bonnie Schneider, who appears on the various media platforms of CNN and HLN, has written a new book releasing January 31, called “Extreme Weather,” which provides a guide to surviving all types of natural disasters. She notes the growing importance of technology and social media in becoming a “weather-ready nation.”
So, I just sit there.
4 Anonymous - Tao
It was a stark contrast to the rest of the week.
Me: What does it do?
The last sentence of that quote is referring to the fact that he repeatedly said in Galileo Was Wrong that Fr. Olivieri was the Commissary General of the Congregation of the Index. But in fact, he held that office in the Congregation of the Holy Office (Inquisition). Bob erred, but he challenged me to provide more evidence. Here it is.
Obama’s official campaign statement regarding the war on terror, entitled “Barack Obama: The War We Need To Win”, stated that: “As president, Barack Obama would revisit the PATRIOT Act to ensure that there is real and robust oversight of tools like National Security Letters, sneak-and-peek searches, and the use of the material witness provision.”
I have to cut back and I have been looking for ways
In a large saucepan that has a fitted lid, combine the couscous, salt and water/stock. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Stir it once, turn off the heat, re-cover the pot, and let it sit for 10 minutes until all the liquid is absorbed.
We also fantasize about video game characters.
The design and implementation of the online presence of my courses using free and open source software, including on the WordPress platform. I have left Blackboard for hosting my courses, and their online interactions, in part to model DIY for my students (both graduate and undergraduate). Doing so forced me to look under the hood, as it were, of how the web and web publishing platforms work. As importantly, I am able to make all of my teaching materials freely and publicly available for curious individuals, other Latin American Historians, and graduate students.
My archive picture dates back to 1914 and comes from the Flickr Commons collection of the National Library of Ireland. It is entitled "Fianna Éireann scouts carrying out signal training with flags". If you are not familiar with the language of semaphore, allow me to translate for you. It says "Get your Sepia Saturday 117 Posts up on or around Saturday 17th March 2012". Dib dib dib!
"Well done, Violet. I would have let you feed on him, but there isn't time. This whole area is likely to be bombarded by that artillery. We have to get back to the TARDIS fast. Besides, I don't like being around at these crucial moments in history. It makes me nervous," said the Doctor. He put his arm around his companion and the two of them made their way back through the trenches, the sound of the bombardment coming ever louder.
utterly cried-out
As Catherine Ringer is stretching her legs on a free standing barre, you'll notice that only a small swath of thigh skin is being soothed by the room's sooty air. Why is that, you ask? Well, the skimpiness of her black leotard combined with the excessive of length of her red thigh-high leg warmers has caused there to be a bit of an impasse, a flesh-based deficiency, if you will, in terms of how much skin is exposed. While this may sound like a negative, it's not. If anything, the volume of thigh skin Catherine Ringer exposes in this scene was, as far as I'm concerned, the perfect amount.
“I think so, but I’m not finished yet. I won’t really know until I get more of it done. I’m a little worried about the shelf here though,” I said, running my fingers over the work surface of the cabinet. It had suffered the most damage from years of being used as a cutting board or chopping block. “It has some places that are really gouged out.”
There were no vultures on the roof of the pink house. All aeroplanes at the aerodrome were tied down. I didn't buy any books at Jabberwocky. The raw felafel at Revitalive was delicious. And I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep.
"The day before Karla died, we had a family get together to celebrate our daughter Avery's 13th birthday. Our daughters Avery and Abby, Karla and Beth and their parents got together at the Wesley Willows retirement center. Coincidentally, we also had scheduled a family performance for Palm Sunday in the chapel at Wesley Willows. Now, being a part of the Johnson family was a bit like being drafted on as a journeyman for a traveling roadshow. Frank and Miriam and their daughters have been performing as part of their family ministry at churches and community centers since Beth, my wife and Karla were little children themselves. And from day one, I've sensed that one of the prerequisites for marrying Beth, was that I could play an instrument and wasn't too shy to get up on stage and perform with the group. Within a few weeks of being married, I was drafted into this little band of troubadours doing musical performances, Christian magic and biblical narrations. But throughout our marriage, now 16 years, the member of the act who was always missing was Karla. I would hear about days gone by, when Karla would perform, but by the time Beth and I were married, Karla had "left the band" as it were, and although everyone was very kind to me, I always felt a little bit like I was just a place holder for the real McCoy.
What the fuck did you do now?
Leading Scottish beer brands McEwan's and Younger's have been sold to a Bedfordshire-based family brewery.
European apple (Malus domestica, Rosaceae) is the model for fist-sized edible fruits, and so when the British explorers traveled the world they gave English names containing the word ‘apple’ to any exotic edible fruit. In the myrtle family (Myrtaceae) there is a genus Syzygium containing some 1200 species, many of which are edible. The classic complimentary fruit basket at most Thai hotels contain a lovely assortment of tropical fruits, ‘Java apple’ (Syzygium samarangense) often included. This fruit can be rose coloured, and so hotel staff call it ‘rose apple’. This may cause confusion, because the real ‘rose apple’, the one that tastes like rose, is the white ping-pong ball-shaped Syzygium jambos. The latter is quite uncommon in Thai markets and gardens, but deserves a lot of attention due to its lovely fruit and evergreen foliage. A more common member of the genus is ‘Malay apple’, Syzygium malaccense. Although not common in fruit markets here in northern Thailand, it is sometimes planted as a garden ornamental. All three species demand plenty of water since they are native to the lower parts of the Malayan peninsula and Indonesia, which may explain why you do not see orchards of them around Chiang Mai.
Quo Blush Brush: Quo brushes are a great affordable alternative to MAC brushes that are soft and relatively well made. Plus they are often 40% off at SDM. Even though I have the #116 blush brush from MAC, I usually use this one for my blush and bronzers because it's a good size and very fluffy, so that it doesn't leave a concentrated streak on my cheeks and allows me to build intensity.
The herbs considered by many to be, traditional holidays seasonings include rosemary, thyme, savory and sage. Not surprisingly, those are all warming herbs, seasonings that not only give our body a warm feeling, but actually add a warming effect. Those seasonings were traditionally used with the heavy, fatty winter meats. Roast goose, a seriously greasy food, was traditionally seasoned with hyssop, winter savory, onion and thyme. Those herbs helped cut the greasy taste while still warming the meal.
Also, get your book finished even if you don't think it's a work of genius. It makes the next one easier.
Row 12- sk 4 sc on row 11, attach w/sl st to next sc, ch1, sc in sm sp, sc in next 10sc. (11)
I'll come back to these in a minute - different bloggers have different points of view, and there are many shades of grey.
“Well, not so much a fan, exactly…I haven’t had much to do with them really….I always thought they were kind of nice…I got some of my pets from there but I don’t really know…” I say, gaging her darkening frown as I stumble on.
If Ron Paul is not on the ticket, and doesn’t endorse whomever is, I won’t be voting.
There's one thing that REALLY annoys me when I got to the Musalla of Sayyida Zainab (The bit where they have the congregational prayers).
FH: Without doubt seeing people having a wonderful evening. I know that without an organisation like this Chester would not have the opportunity to see these people, and Chester would be a sadder place as a consequence.
(It was the only way i could think of doing it without laughing) lol
Dave Stillwell: trumpet
We call for official United States protection of blind activist Chen Guangcheng, who dramatically escaped house detention and is now said to be at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing. As of the writing of this letter, U.S. officials have not promised diplomatic protection for Chen or his family.
And the world may try
Cat: The dog is such an inferior creature. I really don’t know why you tolerate him. OH SWEET JESUS MOTHERF****ING BALLS ON FIRE I NEED TO BE IN THE OTHER ROOM RIGHT NOW!!!!!
I did find an old program of events though, which is too small to read. Suffice it to say that the events extended from 5:45 am until 9 pm.
You make a fairly stiff mixture then put it in the fridge for a while. The recipe said 3 hours or overnight. That was going to be difficult as I had not planned for advance preparation of the mixture. But then some other recipes on the internet said chill for only 15 minutes, so I chilled it for about 1½ hours.
I’m an author with two books for adults published so far – Charity’s Child and Low Tide, Lunan Bay.
So I wanted to do a post on what is cozy to me in decorating ... and thus very very fall. Enjoy!
I am so in love with her,
Intelligence sources say that another CIA agent was also present; and that Bin Laden was also visited by Prince Turki al Faisal, then head of Saudi intelligence, who had long had links with the Taliban, and Bin Laden. Soon afterwards Turki resigned, and more recently he has publicly attacked him in an open letter: "You are a rotten seed, like the son of Noah"...
The problem, the essay argues, is that there are no real minimum space standards for private housing developments in England. Tiny flats suitable only for single men and women, or for weekend getaways, are filling up valuable land in city centers – which is great for the duration of a real estate boom, but which might have sociologically frightening future implications.
When she was one day old we took her to a great doc in a city nearyby to be checked over for any shoulder/clavicle issues she may have had left over from her, shall we say, tight fit. Since then we haven't even considered taking her. People may wonder why.
What’s even more amazing than the depth and complexity of this space dwelling MMO, is the commitment and passion the player community holds. Back in June of last year, the games creators announced plans to initiate changes to gameplay involving for-purchase items that would give players an edge over those who don’t pay. The player community went wild, and thousands of players gathered in the same server to fire at an in-game monument (Amarr Monument) essentially shutting down the server. Talk about your community backlash! Ultimately the game’s producers apologized for the planned changes, and declared they would not go through and that they would listen to community members more in the future.
Will I go down that road.
Or simply…here are the ingredients to success… and this is how you do it…
24 - Bonnie O'Clair
I know, I know. What a stupid thing to say, right? I was trying to communicate the idea that the way the award is currently presented might encourage certain stereotypical assumptions of what YA is about. But my natural tendency to open my mouth and insert both feet and the limitations of 140 characters made it seem like I was aiming this comment at contemporary fiction writers.
Paper: Whisper White, Early Espresso, Poppy Parade, MME- "Just Dreamy 2"
It's true I'm afraid and I don't know how to pull back from the abyss !
He must have made a strange sight: a lone Japanese 25 year old singing Japanese traditional songs to calm himself as he traveled to whisky's promised land. He changed at Perth onto the North Highland railway and finally made it to Elgin at the heart of the famous Speyside whisky region. He put up at the Station Hotel.
I’m scared of sleep deprivation but I can’t shut off. I’m scared the murderers might return and i ring my mum in terror. I’m scared the ghost grabs me on the landing. I’m scared the ceiling will close in, the whispers will start. People will hang themselves in reflective surfaces. Satan will come back. He’s been in my mind for days now. Lingering.
As we finished the crepes, we were brought the lamb croquettes. They came out looking like meatballs, but the taste was drastically different from how Grandma used to make. Mixed with cumin, coriander, ginger, mint, mustard, and other spices, the meaty goodness of the lamb really took this dish sky high. There was a very subtle amount of sweetness to this dish, adding a nice touch. The lamb croquettes were dense, that’s true, but Kristien and I disagreed about the moistness. I thought that it was great this was, but Kristien wanted it to be a bit more moist, though she still did love them.
Opposition to the War emerged and grew. And grew. Its power was harnessed to the "Generation Gap" between the young and old. Young people, experimenting with rock music, drugs and long hair, were less likely than their parents to accept Nixon's justification for the War (the "domino effect" that losing Vietnam to the Communists would have). Young people forcefully argued for ending the war.
On the 8th she went into the hospital, succumbed to coma on the 9th,
As to whether the Page 69 passage is sufficient to keep readers engaged, I hope so. At least it will for mystery readers who enjoy a fast-paced police procedural that will keep them turning pages well into the night.Learn more about the book and author at Michael Norman's website.
- Shannon Carlin, CBS Local
He forced himself not to look up. His gut grumbled just thinking about the Realmlessness above. Instead, he kept his eyes on the still patch - not still, of course, to Clearsight. The air danced above the canal and the path, a jumble of tiny motes of a colour that was almost like green. No two ever seemed to move the same way at once.
1/2 cup raw sugar or sea salt
Of course, the most important reason why we're going is to spend time with my family. My parents are enthusiastic and loving grandparents, and Espen asks several times a day if its time to go to Granny and Granddad's yet. It doesn't hurt that he has seen his room on Skype and knows that he has a bookshelf full of books and toys to explore when he gets there!
The Churchill Theatre in Bromley, London, are looking for original short plays, no more than 20mins playing time, for no more than 6 characters. The winning submissions will be performed in rehearsed readings on stage at Churchill Theatre Bromley on Thurs 22 July 2010.
There’s a few oddities here and there too – like this monogrammed pillow:
Sometimes this running blog really does talk more about how I haven’t run. I’m sorry for that. I really do like running. I promise.
It's too dark, where the fuck am I?
If am to rate it on a scale of 1-10, I’ll give it 0. All aspects of
But this news or features blackout consistently prevails, at least in Washington, D.C., even when the annual Ridenhour prizes are given to heroic figures before packed audiences of notables at the National Press Club. Named after the late Ron Ridenhour, a Vietnam War veteran who wrote to Congress about the horrific massacre at the village of My Lai, this year’s recognitions went to truth-tellers from Countrywide Financial, Bank of America, the Pentagon, the FBI, and the Marine Corps.
they shush us in the dark
.5 cup room temperature brewed Godiva Caramel Pecan Bark coffee
Seriously, Dude. It's on the menu for nearly every historical hotel/tavern/pub in the Williamstown area. At least all the ones that came up when I Googled.
Second, as the Freedom of Expression Institute puts it, it would be "the prerogative of editors and not political parties to appoint journalists and judge their capacity and performance". Again, several implications flow from this. For example, everyone would have to read every newspaper.
“Well then,” Crow replies, “we better hope that the injuries she suffered are bad enough so that they wouldn’t risk transporting her. Let’s go.” At that, Crow gets out of the car and starts heading over to the hospital. The other two New World Power members get out of the car as well and follow Crow into the hospital.
We went out to Whole Foods with my mom the other day. There are restaurants nearby and when we got out of the car Riley was smelling them up and starting chomping his jaws all the way in the store. Then, I had to stop at the strawberry sampler thing for him inside. I think I ended up letting him eat 6 or 7 strawberries and my mom gave him 2 more. He was near meltdown when we drove the buggy away from there so I got him one of those already washed containers of mixed berries...cost me 6 bucks.. and he was happily eating that. Then, I'm filling my bag with pluots and when I look back to the buggy he is eating a nectarine that he snagged. He looks at me and holds it up and says "mmmm, apple." What do you do at that point? I can't put it back and if I tried to take it he would scream, so I got another one and went and paid for it and told her to keep it cause it needed to go back. At the checkout he was apparently still starving even though he finished off the whole container of berries and his nectarine and so I gave him a yogurt I had bought. So, in total it cost be about $8 just to feed Riley during my grocery trip, which was not at meal time.
My God is Alive ~ Tayma
Like a rock dropped into a pond, Fortunatus’ statement rippled out into the room.
If you’re wanting to buy only a few at a time (under $50), you should purchase them at a store to avoid shipping costs. If you’re buying in bulk or wanting Ciao markers, online is the way to go.
three squeezes (remix)
Ooooh, I just had a brilliant idea -- Germany is always going on with protesting all the Muslim immigrants they're getting, and how the German (read: white) birthrate is declining, and their country is filling up with camel jockeys, so why don't all the Germans just go and take over one of the countries in the Middle East? Then they can bitch about Jews and Muslims, and really mix it up over there by adding yet another player to the mix. Who am I kidding; they would totally get their asses kicked, and we don't need yet another language in the Middle East that sounds like you're trying to hawk up a loogie when you pronounce words.
Now we just have to make it through another week and we get to go back and do it all again! Let's just hope next time the non-stress test is a little less stressful. Otherwise they may need to hook ME up to the heart monitor.
A new study out suggests that perhaps the cost of living isn’t really going up we are just living bigger lifestyles. The study by National Centre for Social and Economic Modelling at the University of Canberra and AMP, found working couples with children were $328 a week better off in real terms than in 2003.
NOT that I want to work at a (Japanese) TV station...
Why can't I have a home like hers?
I have often
(The numbers were swimming I tell you - and speaking a foreign language).
So I've been slacking on posting recipes lately! And it's definitely not for a lack of cooking, as Cam and I have been eating most of our meals at home over the past few months. It's just a lot of our dinners lately are not...how shall I say...blog-worthy. They typically consist of some type of protein (pork loin, salmon, chicken, etc) and some sort of green veggie (asparagus, brocolini, brussels sprouts, etc) that are usually roasted with some olive oil and garlic salt. Delicious? Yes. Nutritious? Yes. Interesting? Not so much.
- Where are you from? Where would you like to live in the future?
The Witnessing kept playing out between them, past the point at which it had stopped the first time. Rissad squirmed in the stone, then pounded on it, obviously screaming. Suddenly, he stopped, folded his arms, and seemed almost to relax. Rel concentrated on the man’s face, trying to read it as he had Van Raighan’s.
So, I realize the ad isn't as outright offensive as the Potowatomi Chicago ad we looked at before, but I still think it is important to interrogate and re-examine images we take at face value, and problematize how seemingly simple and benign words can carry much deeper meaning.
For ordinary Athenians the ongoing “occupation” has had a variety of unpleasant consequences. A young schoolteacher we know shops for her parents; they are afraid to leave their apartment. Other Athenian friends tell us that union thugs sympathetic to the “indignants” frequently intimidate ordinary citizens, whether they are shopping or going to work or simply out for a walk. This is understandable when one considers that the protestors’ goal is to bring everything to a halt. Quite simply, that means disrupting the public’s ability to carry on with daily life. People are told they should have known what would happen, they should stay off the streets.
(And just to satisfy those of you with inquiring minds, the tree in the photo is a Poinciana. One of its empty seed pods can be seen at the bottom left and the tiny weed-like things seen between the roots at the upper left, centre and lower right of the picture are saplings of the same tree.)
Sat. May 19 & Sun May 20, 1-2pm
Today, I'd like to share with you some spectacular online resources.
I cooked up 12 pounds of hamburger last week and going back to Costco for more next week so I can can it. That will be a first for me but everyone says that there is nothing better than precooked, home canned meat. I can imagine it is very convenient when you are trying to make dinner.
This month i want at least 5-10 signed contracts.
For the quilting....I started stippling it, but it looked horrible. I ripped out the stitching and switched gears. I decided to echo quilt around each x and + with my walking foot. That worked SO much better. I had to turn the whole quilt in my machine at every corner, but it was so worth it. At that point, I was so glad I hadn't made the quilt any bigger!
Happy Stamping and Scrapping,
My son Tony sent me a lovely bouquet of flowers for my birthday at the end of April (I’m a little late on this post obviously). This is what he gave me last year as well. He is very consistent! But then he comes by it naturally – I’m a pretty ritualistic person myself. Notice how I came up with practically the same title.
To be able to accept the truth, that perhaps, or really, he must have forgotten we exist. That he clearly loved and appreciated others, but never equally to how he sees us – a lesser degree.
So, what about safety? What about all the predators on the Internet? What about all the inappropriate content?
07. So I can dance. And really enjoy it. I guess I could have been dancing when I was sicky, but realistically, the dream team probably wouldn’t exactly approve and while I could get through classes (I did for a long time at Moorpark, although I wasn’t nearly as sick then), I probably wouldn’t get the same enjoyment out of it. And I certainly wouldn’t be able to hold on to comments/corrections and actually work on them or take them in. And guys, DANCE is awesome. A great part of my life.
Meaning: Black water
In a world so saturated with music and art and people – are you still able to authentically create and not reproduce? Nothing is entirely original but you can tell when someone’s expression is real. When their playing has a “voice”.
4. Transfer dough to another bowl or cover stand mixer bowl with plastic. Be sure to press the plastic wrap directly on the surface of the dough to seal. Refrigerate for 24 to 36 hours, or up to 72 hours maximum.
So when my parents divorced, it damn near killed him. He just didn't understand it. He fell in love with my grandmother at first sight and despite all the bickering for 56 years, he never stopped being in love with her even after she passed away. He's been lost the last 6 years without her. He continued to love and care for me and my sister and my mother. He never stopped loving anyone, he just added more and there was always enough love in his heart go around generously. He regularly drove from Chester, NY to Waretown, NJ to pick us up--even just for a weekend. Any time he could see us, he did, right up until we moved to Georgia. When the decision was made to send me to live with my dad, he drove a half-broken down old VW with my dad from New York to Georgia on the Trip From Hell to get me and bring me home. I lived with them from that point until Dad married my mom and we moved into the apartment. Yes, the same apartment my parents had lived in when they were married, the one over the garage about 50 yards from Grandma and Grandpa's house. I never did get far from Grandma and Grandpa while I was young, thank God. I waited for the bus with Grandma, came home from school and got a snack at their house, waited until my mom got home from work cuddling with Grandma on the couch (until I got too big for it) watching whatever soap she had on (usually Another World at that time of day), did my homework and then slept at the apartment. On weekends, I went to Lloyd's with them, we stopped at Arthur Treacher's Fish and Chips and had lunch. That's where my love of shrimp and chips and hushpuppies and tartar sauce comes from. We would go to Aunt Mae's house in Pine Bush on Sunday and stop in Maybrook at the ice cream stand for sundaes. I loved the butterscotch sundae. Too sweet now but I did love it when I was a kid and Grandpa would reach back from the drivers seat and pat my leg and ask, "How's my Big Cutie?"
We crave novels and plays and movies and songs with drama. Rich in plot. With meaning. Yes, without tension, the story's boring. And we put it down or walk out or turn it off when it is. It's not worth our time.
If You Forget Me
Granuaile was born in 1530, the only child of the head of the O’Malley clan and his wife, from the west of Ireland. The clan was a seafaring one, and controlled land in what is now County Mayo with a string of castles facing the sea. The family taxed anyone who fished in their waters, and traded by sea around the region (as far away as Spain). When Granuaile begged her father to go on one of his expeditions, he refused her, saying that women didn’t belong on ships as their long hair got in the way. She took him at his word, and cut her hair short, leading to her lifetime nickname of Granuaile – Grace the cropped (or bald).
So my wins are very simple for today:
to be true. And he
Follow its directives.
And extras like this aside, I love that I can just nip around the corner to buy beers I've never had before. I never thought I'd see the day.
- 2/3 cup heavy cream
No answer.
-going to the beach
sight of the moon?”
With all the fake smiles and grins.
Dear, so thou only move thine head,
29. A Big and Tall catalog
The Bible is an amazingly alive and rich book. It contains words and stories that speak to us so differently throughout the seasons of our lives. There are verses that I read at 15 and then 21 and now at 37 that mean such different things to me at all these different stages…and yet they are the same words spoken by the same God so many years ago.
I used chalk paint for the frame and mirror.
The president spoke moments after House Speaker John A. Boehner, the Republican from Ohio, released a letter that he had sent to House colleagues, saying he was breaking off the budget negotiations because of differences over revenues and would instead try to strike an agreement with Senate leaders to raise the debt limit by Aug 2 and avoid sending the government into a potential default.
~Jim Rohn
Continuing with my lessons from former posts:
In Australia, the core site is located at Boolardy 26°59′S 116°32′E in Western Australia 315 km north-east of Geraldton, on a flat desert-like plain at an elevation of about 460 metres. The most distant stations will be located in New Zealand.
Instead, “Think Small: The Story Of The World’s Greatest Ad“ by Dominik Imseng, is written in the same kind of crisp, low-key style as the body copy in a Volkswagen ad (every page is laid out like a Volkswagen ad copy block, too ). It makes an easy, enjoyable read, building to the seminal moment when the paths of Bill Bernbach and his agency, the Volkswagen brand, and a rejection of the Madison Avenue hard-sell all combined to set the stage for the ground-breaking campaign.
The scale of the unprecedented victory in Barking and Dagenham was achieved by hard work, tenacity and a deliberate decision to act contrary to the view of the then National Elections Officer. Twelve out of thirteen councillors were duly elected which made us ‘the official opposition’ to the Labour-run council. This was the first time ever that such a thing had happened, and all from a standing-start of zero councillors! This unprecedented success led to my winning two awards:
Emperor Hirohito was born a god but died a man. His expansionist dreams undid his godliness. The destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki led him to renounce his divinity and perhaps concede that man has more destructive power than any god. The name Showa, which was conferred on Emperor Hirohito after his death, means “enlightened peace”. The Second World War brought about the deaths of one hundred thousand Americans, roughly three million Japanese people, and the deaths and brutal torture of ten to twenty million Chinese. No charges of war crimes were ever brought against him. They say he was misled into imperialism. That his generals deceived him. That he was kept in ignorance. The militarists held the power, not him. But he was not so completely blinded or blameless. He was not so unaware. Nor so passive or so pacifist. His pacifism was inspired more by looming defeat than by compassion. But we were offered a version of history that was more palatable, and it was readily accepted. General McArthur, who oversaw the rebuilding of post-war Japan, felt the country would be more easily run if the emperor remained as its figurehead. So blame was removed from him. The responsibility for his part in the war and its atrocities was taken away, and re-written. The reins of history are held tightly here too. The unseemly truth of the past is kept at arm’s length. Tamed and subordinate.
Karamel Sutra
Kirk is a rich young man, partying on his eighteenth and filled with Atlantica Dream, the drug that makes the user experience such heightened sensuality that even looking at someone else is to make love to them.
**This camera has been used this year, however it is in mint condition, and will be shipped in the original box with dvd and instructions and all included accessories.
Sometimes I'll be thinking, and a thought will cross my mind that I feel like can only come from God. It's the closest I can relate to people saying that they hear God speak to them. I can't say that I feel like I've ever heard God speak to me in an audible voice, but this seems to come really close. Today when I was leaving the gym, the words just came to mind: "I want to be your source." It kind of stopped me in my tracks and I was not sure where it even came from. But instantly, I felt peace. After a hectic and uneasy (and basically miserable) first day at school, that feeling of peace was overwhelming.
This past Thursday was my 22nd birthday. My family (both Zach's and my side) made it so special! Zach got me a bike! I am looking forward to going to the greenway and riding our bikes together (he got one for his birthday a few months ago). They are also matching! How cute! Then we opened presents with his family (Camille and Nicholas came down, too, and it was very fun to see them!). For dinner, we went to P.F. Chang's with my parents, Aly, and Kent, and our good family friend, Mary, served us. It was a very fun day! Zach and I ended the day by watching a movie. I, of course, fell asleep 30 minutes into it.
Observers believed these leaders were acting in such a manner so as not to expose any skeletons in their cupboard, if any.
If you have any questions, just pop a comment in the box below, and I’ll do my best to answer it.
Indeed, the BLS figures include families in which the husband may not be working at all. Looking at families where both husband and wife are working, 28.9 percent of wives earned more than their husbands in 2009, an increase from 26.6 percent in 2008.
Strength: The Shockers are a typical Missouri Valley team in that they make it very difficult for teams to score. They push up on guards on the perimeter and use the seven-foot Garrett Stutz to deter anyone from coming into the paint. Not only is this team good initially on defense but it’s grabbing over 73 percent of its opponents’ misses. This is a team that will be difficult to score on.
It’s useful to go to the second verse because it takes a good two or three sentences for the problems of Biblical interpretation to get really glaringly evident. Once you get that far in it does start to pop out at you, though:
I was just looking for a hook on which to hang a big, rambly sci-fi/fantasy adventure of the sort I'd enjoyed as a a teenager, and the idea of a mobile city that eats other cities came to me. I was illustrating full-time by then, and living in Brighton, which I hated, so you could see it as a sort of cartoon response to being stuck inside this dirty, crowded, slowly expanding city...
The Controller found that the price of the drug was not "reasonably affordable" to the public:
Below is a quote made by a spokesperson for the Sri Lankan Tamils being held in Indonesia and reported by Australia's ABC news.
Professor Anne Steinemann at the University of Washington recently analyzed 25 of the most popular fragranced products, including air fresheners, fabric softeners, soaps, lotions and shampoo. She found that they emitted 133 different Volatile Organic Compounds. VOCs are gases that can affect both the environment and health.
Never heard of him? I’m not surprised since most folks don’t know many details regarding the Spanish American War past the fact the USS Maine exploded in Havana’s harbor and one Theodore Roosevelt went up San Juan Hill.
Took 1hr writing just 3x note form paragraphs explaining the minutae of how I need to chop washing up/laundry/housework into tiny 5-10minute mini tasks – over many days.
All of these printed textile fragments are to be incorporated into the final phase of the chuppah construction as long ribbons or fringes attached to the poles at the corners. The ribbons go in groups of eight on each of the four poles to signify fringes, as on a prayer shawl.
I could be over analysing, but I have a feeling that I'm edging
After I interviewed with this other church I began to pray that God would not give me the job. Patrick felt that same way.
The president will not officially begin campaigning until after a winner has been declared in the Republican primary, but his State of the Union address was an framework of legislation that he thinks will be successful in his next term, as well as issues he thinks will be politically advantageous in the upcoming election. His policies and campaign style are winners, he just needs to convince the American people of this.
East, start caring about the Holy Bible, the mere belief
6) The Beast Below
Blue Öyster Cult Don’t fear the reaper USA
Buffalo Springfield For what it’s worth US
Talloweth-6 – See Tallow.
Wow. It was such a wonderful, lovely, joyful parade of my stuff leaving the garage with smiling people that I didn't even have time to get sentimental. I loved seeing who wanted what, and was delighted to see some favorites go to some really special friends.
One of the major complaints I've seen others write about is the ending. I actually wasn't so upset about that. There is a sequel coming out, so the loose ends that weren't tied up will probably be addressed in the next novel (or novels, as the case may be). However, I think that there was enough resolution to make it a satisfying ending for a first book.
Then one day, I get this email from a friend! My very first thought was, "She's PERFECT!" Thing's just sometimes work out that way, don't they? When in need, the very thing you wish for presents itself! Divine intervention? Probably!
Here is some information about each home, their restorations, and some photos from inside. I love seeing how people used to live!
The two killers were Najib’s former bodyguards, bolstering the case for suspicion against the PM and his wife Rosmah Mansor. The first couple have denied involvement in the murder, while Baginda was controversially acquitted of abetting the two cops into shooting the allegedly pregnant Altantuya and then bombing her body with C4 military-grade explosives to prevent identification..
Journalist Mark Glaser says that “Hyperlocal news is the information relevant to small communities or neighbourhoods that has been overlooked by traditional news outlets.” Many people have taken this concept and created their own news sites, with original content being displayed.
3) Write crisp, clear, uncomplicated sentences
“Oh, now it’s wrong?!” I knew I was screaming but, what the hell was I to do? I couldn’t imagine making love to Chad without seeing worms crawling all over my body.
I'm really interested in Pinterest. Have you been on Pinterest? It's amazing. I have 40 boards with almost 2,000 pins. I need to figure out how to put the link on my blog to Pinterest so you can hop over there and see my boards. I really like Pinterest as there are so many amazing ideas there, from other people's blogs, websites or wherever. I'm on it every day adding new and interesting pins. You really need to check it out if you haven't already!
This image of my brother-in-law was taken several hours after we started celebrating my brother’s college graduation this past Saturday; probably shouldn’t admit to that, but oh well. It’s weird, not at all what I was aiming for, but I kind of like it. Furthermore, if this doesn’t show motion, I don’t know what does. Hahaha… again!
My little boys love picking me little flowers they find. I put one in my hair the other day and they thought I had magically transformed into a princess.
“He said he was sorry about whatever happened. He said he badly wanted me back and he was sounding penitent too.”
(Schedules are subject to change, will notify ASAP on twitter & here if that happens)
Greece has had slightly over 20% of its bank-lender debts forgiven. Technically, when the papers are signed on this, it will be in default. Over the last year, Greece has run up its own backside taxing citizens and slashing benefits to avoid this very outcome, because the Athens government was told by the Sprouts it MUST NOT default. Now (under German insistence) it has defaulted anyway.
Concerning the availability of firearms in Denmark: one of my Danish contacts lives in a rural area, and he most of his neighbors own guns. He had assumed that these were all legal hunting firearms, registered with the police. He found out that this was not true, and also that the local police were well aware of all the unregistered guns, but were not concerned about it.
This argument is jarring because the atheistic conclusion, “Therefore, God almost certainly does not exist” doesn’t follow from the six previous statements even if we concede that each of them is true and justified. At most, all that follows is that we should not infer God’s existence on the basis of the appearance of design in the universe. But that conclusion is quite compatible with God’s existence and even with our justifiably believing in God’s existence on other grounds. Rejecting design arguments for God’s existence does nothing to prove that God does not exist or even that belief in God is unjustified.
Coffee Stripe
New Brockton Mayor Lenwood Herron was found guilty of second-degree animal cruelty Wednesday by a Coffee County jury.
So, the Twitterverse (and the comments page for said article) is furiously rebuffing the Globe and Mail this morning (also affectionately known now as ‘Globe and Fail’ and ‘Old and Male’), after their editorial team endorsed Stephen Harper for the 41st Federal Election in Canada. No matter what party you support – hell, even if you are a Con lover – this editorial is an embarrassment to journalism. Why’s that, you ask?
Phat takes Jonah on a walk through the grounds of the White Lotus, explaining that over the last 200 years the Manchu dynasty has become corrupt. In 1796, the White Lotus tried to overthrow the Manchus but eight years later the White Lotus was crushed..for a time. Now they are back and plan to overthrow the government. Phat shows Jonah a teacher explaining to villagers how, when the White Lotus gains power, the Maitreya Buddha will come down from heaven and all disease & suffering. Phat takes Jonah to another teacher, explaining to six men how paradise awaits them if they die in the fight for the White Lotus. Phat tells Jonah that a man who knows paradise awaits him can be an unbeatable foe.
Death by fiery, high-speed car crash was too good for Steve Sueppel. I don't care what crime I'm out on bail for and what kind of prison sentence I'm looking at, I could never murder my child. I hope there's a cozy spot in the 9th Circle of Hell for Steve.
Obviously, I am some sort of a mong, because upon hearing about the contaminated lettuce and spinach, I said "Mmmmmm, salad!" Then I promptly went out and bought a whole lot of lettuce and produce, and proceeded to chow down. Fucking power of suggestion.
Dino miss his colleague at Hotel in Venice which he quited. Friend name is Maria. Then she came his hotel and started working together. Dino and Maria want to be together. They escape from Carla using the Gondola. Of course Carla chase them. At that time! Carla’s boats crash with another boat. Dino and Maria vow to be always together.
Date: TBA
My physician, of course, didn't learn about Vicodin from House. He already knew about it as a pill- prescribing cognoscento. That leaves a final market where the House-Vicodin buzz may have made a difference: the illegal street trade. Here, it's no stretch to imagine that Vicodin, combined with Dr. House's "attitude" (he even uses his walking stick on the wrong side to spite the medical establishment) has gained big dividends in street cred and popularity.
And I was so glad I took the class. It was amazing. I just had to compliment the teacher after. Turns out, she took the training class after mine. We exchanged numbers and decided we were going to meet up to create more routines together.
We were very impressed with this latest boat which will be exhibited at this year’s Crick Boat Show during the late May Bank Holiday. It should be another worthy showboat for MGM and we wish them every success.
The internet provides up to the minute news and social networks such as Twitter and Facebook can give you instant updates on important news stories. Newspapers are old hat which, in my view, is no bad thing given the 'quality' - and I use the term loosely - and standards of some of the downmarket tabloids.
My reasoning for going into that much detail over the Big 10 is that all of the teams are in reasonable distance from each other. This not only makes it easier for the fans but also easier for the teams and it helps develop the great rivalries of today. Look at Michigan vs Ohio State for example … The states border each other which provides an automatic rivalry and with conference play it guarantees that they will always play each other every year. Here’s a look at an updated map of how conferences break down by region.
Maybe that’s where I went wrong.
Have you ever had any spooky, paranormal encounters?
Aline
08. Saikai
There is a colossal hurdle to overcome, however, when trying to make an RPG scary. It is, quite simply, this: your friends are not afraid of you. They just aren’t, and they particularly aren’t while sitting back on your couch, popping Doritos, and googling stuff on their iPhone. Ain’t gonna happen. You can write the creepiest module in existence, practice your Vincent Price impression for years, and place the PCs in the most intolerable peril ever and they won’t bat an eyelash. Why? You aren’t scary.
Hakim gives the example of a line from Orwell’s 1984 that the most radical thing a person can do is engage in their sexuality, which is what Winston Smith does as his form of rebellion against the all-controlling state. Williams tries to push Hakim on this point and the latter does not respond so well on this issue. Williams notes how Hakim is initially reluctant to give examples of ‘french and german feminists’ who are apparently so much more liberal and realistic about sexuality than anglo-american feminists. Hakim in ‘;Erotic Capital’ addresses the cultural differences between anglophone women and their european sisters in sexual attitudes and even in the statistics on extra marital affairs (the section in that book is very explorative on a subject that people wish to pretend doesn’t exist).
d) Jump Squats x 20
are calling from
Our theory was why work alone when we could pool our skills and resources and work together. It’s helped us all immensely. The amount of expertise we have pooled together is quite a huge asset. Not to mention it helps to have a group for marketing as opposed to working alone.
* Telling instead of showing.
Does it have to do with moon and star alignment? A life devoted to prayer and fasting? What is that unknown THING that draws tangueros to you? I don't want to hazard a guess of why they pick who they pick. All I know is that I could make a million dollars if I could invent a tanguera pheromone cologne that promised to draw tangueros to you.... "One whiff and all the best dancers in the room will run to your side and beg you for a dance." :
Aiptek digital camcorder models are very high quality and also very affordable, but many people have not heard the Aiptek name before. There are a few Aiptek digital camcorder models in particular that you will want to be informed of, especially if you are in the search for a new digital camcorder.
Mix in the chocolate chips and vanilla extract, pour into prepared pan. Bake for 35-40 minutes or until a skewer inserted comes out clean.
In a room where ya do what ya don’t confess
Anyhoo, I'm hoping that our carefully laid plans for tonight, tomorrow afternoon, and tomorrow evening don't fall through either. More on those if they end up working out.
Besides, the plastic particles make nice homes for bacteria and algae, which are then transported along with the particles into different regions of the ocean where they may be invasive and cause problems.
For this blog post, I’m going to only discuss the three rooms: The Outer Court, The Holy Place, and The Most Holy Place. They correlate to the cohen gadol’s robes, his crown, and the minisry of Yeshua (Jesus).
I do not see anything good coming from interacting with the C Level politicians. But more power to you if you can ask a Congress Critter about releasing New Technology to replace nuclear power especially considering the close proximity of said plants to active earthquake fault lines.
2.G. HAND/ FOOT CONTROLS
Not cool. You are a wolf in sheeps clothing. You disguised yourself as an adorable flat pair of foot candy and you are actually a torture device. I should have known better. Every time I wear you my feet end up hurting, but it's so hard to choose my black sensible flats when you're sitting next to them screaming, "Pick me! Pick me! I'll elevate your outfit. Everybody will tell you how cute I am." Most days I can resist, but for some reason you had me convinced that today would be different. Well, it wasn't different. It was WORSE. By the time I had my coffee my heels were all red and by lunch time I was limping, LIMPING! So, this is goodbye gorgeous sparkly flats. Until I find a magical cobbler who can make you comfortable, I'm putting you back on the shelf and not your regular shelf. No more of the closet light hitting you just right so your sparkles shine and I'm fooled again, you're going in on the top shelf where you'll be purely for decoration. It's been (painfully) real.
Springfield, MA ♦ This is campers’ chance to be part of the Drama Studio’s longest-running production intensive. Campers/actors will stage a full-length melodrama with dastardly villains, faithful heroes and heroines, and perhaps a damsel in distress! Past productions have included daring train-track rescues, fierce battles, charming orphans, & saving the day in the nick of time! Audiences will cheer the heroes & boo the villains as actors present this year’s melodrama, with full costumes, scenery, make-up & even some song & dance. Camper/actors will strengthen their acting, improvisation & character-building skills & gain production experience. This camp also includes opportunities for actors to write & stage their own original scenes, monologues & dances.
In a traditional parenting model, founded on the noble platform of helping your child be prepared to be successful in the real world, parenting is to a large degree about control. In that model, a parent's purpose is to control what their kids are exposed to so they can learn the right things; to keep them away from things that are bad for them so they can stay safe and maintain their trajectory; to direct their energies into productive activities; to prepare them for the real world; to teach them what they need to know and to ensure that they develop independence. After all, do you want them sitting around all day watching South Park? How will they ever grow up to be normal and successful if they're being raised abnormally?
We should never be discouraged; take it to the Lord in prayer.
1/2-1 cup nonfat plain yogurt*
The Mercury News writes:
Thursday and Friday will be catch up days with the housework, apart from taxiing my son back and forth to catch the college bus.
I attended the world premiere of a restored The Chalice of Sorrow at Toronto’s Jackman Hall, presented by the Domitor 2010 conference. This preliminary restoration had been completed only days before, and Domitor’s reps insisted the print still needs some cleanup, plus tints; but it seemed fine to me. Ingram’s film is more pretty than smart, so all we really need is a good look.
The Met Ball is hosted by Vogue big shot Anna Wintour. She invites the fabulous to come and wear their most Vogue-worthy threads.
This brings some peace and relief. Let there be mystery. Be okay with not knowing. Resolve to live life to the fullest, regardless of how much of it is clear and certain. After all, how boring would it be if we always had the answers (like that annoying know-it-all in the third grade)?
1 Corinthians 1:18
BUT...on the other hand you have a Hispanic guy with a "white" name who also can put forth a defense but who used a hand gun and a self-defense law. Of course this incident gets national headlines, it is not a good example of racism.
6-Add salt ,red chilly and garam masala.
The military takeover, in other words, is something that cannot be nullified or cast aside by the actions of mere men. And Sanogo feels it is his divine right to occupy the position he now commands.
At the touch of the fire
Wow where has this week gone! I can't believe I haven't posted once since last Sunday!
Identify your triggers and causes for overeating. Stay aware of your body. This does not mean you will never have a set back, but it helps when you do not set yourself up for failure! Every morning wake up and smile and know that you are in control of your day. You may not be able to control what happens around, but you can control what you put in your mouth. It will be a struggle, but nothing worth having does not come without some kind of fight.
And this was on top of monthly creating PLASTIC MAN and MIDNIGHT stories, the various back-up stories scattered all over the pages of Quality comics, and several covers!
I used Life's A Party to cut the party hat. The shamrock topper is from Spring Holiday Cards, and the letters are from Opposites Attract. The lipstick print is from K Andrew Designs It's Valentine's stamp set:
Artist Ruth Ewan has produced poster works and a documentary on the alternative education provided by Proletarian, Socialist Sunday and Socialist Fellowship Schools, which had a strong following in Glasgow in particular. They offered a different style of education, with a focus on exploring left-wing ideology with children and youth.
I regret I didn't tell you a bit more, but as I typed it, I was talking on and off with Dw, who weeping off and on while he periodically held the phone up to his mom's ear so I could tell her how much I loved her. Her breathing was getting more and more shallow and slowing down substantially until in the afternoon she drew her last breath. Dw said that for about the last 5 minutes of her life, she was so peaceful. He was convinced she was getting glimpses into heaven and seeing her beloved Savior face to face. All four of her sons were around her bed as she drew her very last breath on Earth.
Dear Cerly Grace,
Not all pubs appear to work on a requirement to maintain a specific high margin. The Spoons appear to do startlingly well out of a low margin supply chain. Meanwhile the supermarkets are maintaining a low margin supply chain and offering customers excellent value for money.
The ’80/20 rule’ became REAL for me in the days leading up to my beta launch. In the true spirt of being LEAN (or more accurately, by committing to a launch date only 3 weeks away), I was incredibly focused on the 80%. So for my beta launch, I knew I wanted at least 10 paying customers (side note: I’m at 18!). And so I built my email marketing campaign around doing just that. I didn’t scrape the ideal email list, I didn’t have the right amount of touch points, my sales funnel wasn’t seamless, etc. Heck, I even built the first version of my member-only site ON my supposed beta launch day (i.e. when I was convincing people to start paying me)… in just ONE Sunday afternoon (got to love SaaS companies with built in templates), and met up with friends in Plaza Francia for mate and live music later that day.
Thanks so much Jennifer for popping over and sharing your quilts with us. If you don`t know Jenniffer, do pop over and say `hi`.
I guess I’ve always had a strong personality - one that was nourished by parents who gave me the freedom to be myself. My father is the first to say I’ve never been good at doing what I’m told, his frustration unable to hide his pride.
- sunflower oil
There you have it. Someone build this so I can subscribe to it!
Speaking of our garden, I am sure I will post pictures soon, but we finally planted everything. I’m sad it happened a little later than I wanted, but we’ve got a really nice amount of seeds in the ground: beets, bush beans, carrots, kale, scallions, snap peas, snow peas. And, we’ve already got strawberries, garlic, rosemary, mint, spinach and lettuce growing!
“The quantum has been decided carefully and prudently. The government was able to reduce the budget deficit from 5.3 per cent in to 3.5 per cent last year and we’ll continue with this prudent fiscal management,” he added.
In local art fair news, Michael Workman announced on the NOVA Advisory listserv that he will be down there too. Networking, handing out business cards and so on, as we are all wont to do, could any of us afford to go down there.
So if you, or your child, are ready to be simultaneously stupefied and entertained, grab a Skippyjon book the next time you're out. Just be ready to leave your inhibitions at the library door, and pull out your best dramatic voice and your most authentic Mexican kitty-Chihuahua accent, and I guarantee you'll have a fun afternoon. And, don't give up after the first reading, it gets better, more rambunctious and more freeing the more you read (er, perform) it. Beware: singing and songwriting are also required. Pick it up if you dare. You'll (eventually) be glad you did.
My 1L yr study buddy.
There's so much allusion, mystery, and contradiction throughout that it's tough for the close-reader to find a hand-hold. That is until you see the inclusion of the full lyrics to "Kafka on the Shore" in Chapter 23. Fictional lyrics within a work are enough on their own to warrant attention, but when the song also gives the novel its title, then it's time to put on the bib and dig in….this could get messy.
"Oh, what'd you get?"
The six protagonists of Resident Evil 6 will confront the all-new C-virus, which spawns zombies, the previously revealed J’avo monsters, and the all-new Chrysalide, which metamorphose into a new threat.
This morning, I'm heading out to Los Angeles with Scott Phillips to pitch our wares to the TeeVees and who knows, maybe give those N@B upstarts, Beetner, Blackmoore and Calcagno a kick in the pants. Hmmm, who else do I know in the city of fallen angels? Brace yourself, L.A. When we return at the end of the week it's straight out to Corydon, IN. for Frank's book release party where we'll read along with Kyle, Donald Ray Pollock, Matthew McBride and Rod Wiethop (or Norman if you prefer). I'm wore the fuck out just thinking about the next two weeks. For my plane trips I'm taking Roger Smith's Dust Devils and Simon Logan's Katja From the Punk Band.
If you are in that dark and lonely space and the idea of killing yourself has begun to fill your thoughts, I hope this post will help you to reconsider and seek professional help. Even if you feel hopeless, like there's no way you'll ever feel happy again, my life is proof that it does get better. You just have to stick around long enough to see it happen.
In 1929, the Wall Street Crash tolled the death-knell of Germany's fragile economic reconstruction, tossing millions into unemployment and poverty, and hugely boosting the popularity of both the Communist and the Nazi party. Their supporters formed paramilitary organisations who fought pitched battles in the streets - one of my mother's early memories was of mattresses being put in the windows to keep the bullets out of the houses. My grandfather, then stationed in Hindenburg/Zabrze, was out there, policing those battles, trying to keep his men from joining in, because - I have read - 'nowhere in Germany were the police harder on the Nazis than in Upper Silesia.'
“Tobin, I understand he stole your Bible, and I can handle Josiah, but we have to make sure we love each other more than we love our stuff.”
Who’s with me?
After college, I coached little league baseball and afterwards, when I moved to Ruidoso, New Mexico, took the training to become the first female Golden Gloves judge in the State of New Mexico.
Blast off! Orbit; Blast off!; Blast Off! Galaxy; Blast Off! Stripe.
Trip to San Antonio for J's bday.
See, here's how I think..... as wife and mom, I run this household- I do the meal planning, I cook, I clean, I make many of the day to day decisions when it comes to things around my house. I must make it a home and that means being present when interaction is happening and I know I haven't done a great job at that lately.
We had another busy weekend but we found time to make a set of simple earrings using stray stainless steel hex nuts leftover from a long finished remodeling project. We liked the combination of silver and blue in these simple, easy to make earrings.
Networks are essential, help is vital. No one man is smart enough, you might be good on your own, if so imagine how good you’d be with the right people around you. Jesus was amazing in his three years on Earth, but his influence magnified exponentially when his team was empowered to work with him and for him.
The fungal dead are human corpses whose bodies have been overtaken by a virulent strain of unwholesome fungus. These alien spores animate their non-living hosts into a nightmarish semblance of life and seek to spread the colony into new, recently-deceased corpses.
to give light to those around us who are in need.
It Was Not Always Thus
Author: Bree Despain
I'm 63 . Except for one semester in college when jobs were scarce and a six-month period when I was between jobs, but job-hunting every day, I've worked hard since I was 18. Despite some health challenges, I still put in 50-hour weeks, and haven't called in sick in seven or eight years. I make a good salary, but I didn't inherit my job or my income, and I worked to get where I am. Given the economy, there's no retirement in sight, and I'm tired. Very tired.
Meanwhile the following are currently recognised as Grand Vin du Languedoc:
Justin Bieber was spotted at the Beverly Hills Hotel today, January 15 in Los Angeles, CA rehearsing for his presenting role at the Golden Globes tomorrow night, January 16!
“But the people who trust the Lord will become strong again. They will rise up as an eagle in the sky; they will run and not need rest; they will walk and not become tired.” Life is replaced with death. Death is replaced by eternal life.
Ou No it was snowing yesterday too. But here's s little spring spirit in this card, great for Easter greetings.
PHILIP was one of the first chosen disciples of Christ. On the way from Judea to Galilee Our Lord found Philip, and said, "Follow Me" Philip straightway obeyed; and then in his zeal and charity sought to win Nathaniel also, saying, "We have found Him of Whom Moses and the prophets did write, Jesus of Nazareth;" and when Nathaniel in wonder asked, "Can any good come out of Nazareth?" Philip simply answered, "Come and see," and brought him to Jesus. Another characteristic saying of this apostle is preserved for us by St. John. Christ in His last discourse had spoken of His Father; and Philip exclaimed, in the fervor of his thirst for God, "Lord, show us the Father, and it is enough"
King did speak those words, in Memphis two months before he was shot dead there in 1968, but they were prefaced by a caveat: “”Yes, if you want to say that I was a drum major, say that I was a drum major for justice.
The examination resulted in the refusal on the part of the bishop to institute Mr. Gorham. on the ground of the unsoundness of the doctrines enunciated by him.
Steven G. Kibby (Moderator) – Senior Corporate Counsel, Caterpillar, Inc, Peoria, Illinois
1 maitland
An ache in his back made him cringe as he walked to the bathroom. Approaching his fortieth birthday, He noticed his body becoming more brittle. He felt his feet become cold as he reached the tiled floor. Turning on the shower, he caught his reflection in the fixtures and vanity slapped him. He grumbled to himself.
i’ve been feeling really overwhelmed lately…so i’m just waiting for a slow down.
From this image, one can assume that the Shays went to Mexico. And that Spencer STILL hasn’t gotten muscles. You know why? Because, despite the fact that his sister is at least 10 years younger than him, and that she’s a bit sick, SHE’s the one carrying all the bags…
There’s Always Tomorrow
had to say on this.
This legislation, which President Obama will sign into law, will make it much easier to catch and convict the perpetrators of violence against women in Indian Country. Thank you to the bill's sponsors as well as the President.
I'm SO excited about this change. Although there are a few retiring colors I'll certainly miss, I *LOVE* the new colors and am so glad to see some of my favorite retired In-Colors return. I can't wait to see them all in person. If you'd like to see them in person, be sure to check out the class schedule on my Demonstrator Website. My Ladies' Night Out is next Wednesday and is just $5. I also have a Birthday Card Stamp-a-Stack scheduled for Saturday, April 24th. At both of these events we'll be previewing some of the great new products from the upcoming Summer Mini Catalog! Be sure to call or email me to reserve your spot. I can't wait to see you!
Alan King (Barbury Castle, Wiltshire)
Front and rear fenders may be removed. Generic, replacement type
it can also keep you from committing murder!
Start thinking about survival, the possibilities, the skills and knowledge we posses, the nature, strengths and weaknesses of our aggressors, their numbers versus ours, what they have and what they don't have, what we have and do not have, our environment and immediate surroundings and remember that nothing is more important than attitude and the most important aspect of that attitude is DETERMINATION.
The Avengers attempt to protect a mysterious man named Korvac from strange aliens that pursue him, but they soon realize that these aliens are the heroic Guardians of the Galaxy and that it is not Korvac who needs protection, but the Earth itself. , in a new episode of The Avengers: Earth’s Mightiest Heroes.
Hello everyone! After a long wait, I've finally come up with an idea I think may work.
In 2005 McGwire was called to appear before congress in a hearing on steroid use where he famously declined to give any testimony. Although he declined that day, in various interviews pre-ceeding the hearings on the matter he had vehemently denied using PED's and would only admit to taking Androstenedione; an over the counter muscle enhancer that the MLB permitted at the time.
Baked Greek Cheese With
It is true that George W Bush's India push was a very significant foreign policy change for the United States.He moved heaven and earth to prove that he was serious about India.
Maybe it was an eagle.
Then came a few years where it was, “He’s yours”, “I’m not ready to be a father” scenario played out, of course it didn’t help that “K” was away at university in a city 6 hours away from us. So time goes on, “O” struggles through university (living with us so we could help with the baby) then changes educational plans and successfully graduates and is now in the working world.
So says the Swede (Burt Lancaster) as he lies in bed bereft of all hope, and calmly awaits his end. I love that scene near the beginning of the 1946 version of The Killers. It is one of the great moments of film noir and says so much about the genre – if you can even call it a genre. A good deal of its bleak power comes from the fact that it seems to run contrary to all normal human instincts. If someone were to burst into your room and breathlessly inform you that a couple of mean-looking hitmen had just rolled into town with the express aim of rubbing you out, most people would take the opportunity to make tracks fast. But Lancaster just remains prone in the shadows and delivers that line in the detached tone of a man already dead; when fate pays that last call there’s no ducking out.
And for my second card,i've used the Sweet Treats cartridge...also still one of my favs.
This year’s memorial day came at a time of great change. The coalition government is changing the legislative framework protecting workers. The funding and working practices of the watchdog of health and safety. The way that workplace injuries are reported. And even the system of compensation that injured workers use to enforce their rights against negligent employers .
It hadn’t always been that way. There had been a time when keeping up was not a problem; a time when the world was moving at a nice, leisurely speed and, a gentle walk had been sufficient. But then the world began to get faster. Suddenly, Neville found himself jogging, and then running. His cheeks became flushed and his lungs panted and puffed as they struggled to get the air he needed to maintain his pace.
Dress- Gap
To be sure, a basilica, unlike a cathedral, does not have flying buttresses; still, liking the alliteration of “brick basilica,” I took this architectural liberty. Now it seems that someone unfamiliar with basilicas misquoted this as a “brick mausoleum,” in which faulty form it has become just about my only contribution to various anthologies of quotations, as well as to Miss Rigg’s own charming memoir, No Turn Unstoned. This is unfortunate, because it would suggest some connection between the gifted actress and death, which I never intended, but which makes my sally worse than it was, and destined to haunt me unto my grave—no mausoleum either.
Right so on to the challenge then this is the sketch:-
10. The Parent Trap (Hayley Mills) - My favorite since childhood.
Accessories: SU Ribbon coloured with G21, antique brads
A bit further down the Google path to finding myself, I discovered older, even more outdated versions of my portfolio that I thought no one would ever see unless I gave them the link. WRONG! Those links were listed before the outdated portfolio I kind-of did want people to see. I had to go into my hosting account and take it down to avert Google’s curiously watchful eyes.
Bryce did a great job learning all about Paul Winchell and even made a mini Jerry Mahoney puppet for a prop. I have really been surprised this year how conscientious Bryce has become about his school work. He doesn't like getting anything but A's and 100's. I may have another Emily on my hands.
I ended up not hearing my alarm clock, sleeping in and waking up at 7:08 instead of 6:20.
Me: I’m special, I’m a Doctor.
He is in for a real treat with this 11 hour flight..
The workshop was the most organized place in the house. Nestled in the basement, it was Dad’s own little corner of the house. It was cluttered and smelled of sawdust and was full of interesting bits and pieces.
My sister in law, Cheri Chesley, will be releasing her second book in her series, The Tyrant King, to coincide with my book release. We will be launching a book blog tour together. If you are interested in having us drop by and commandeer your blog for one day, please let us know. You can email me (paridzule(dot)keep(at)gmail(dot)com) and let me know one of the following:
You might not know this name just now but I think by the end of 2012 you will, all thanks to the absurdity of Vladimir Romanov. Jason Holt is a young midfielder on the books of Hearts and is a player that has been earmarked by coaching staff as someone to benefit from the mass exodus expected from Tynecastle in the January transfer window. Holt is currently on loan at Raith Rovers in the first division getting competitive experience for when he comes back to a place that is more unstable than Rik Waller on a bike. A big year is expected for the player who was the 2011 under 19 year old player of the year.
Gateway
Thanks to everyone who participated in last week's challenge. We look forward to seeing your creations for this week's challenge. Your projects need to be posted by Sunday, 8 and the winners will be announced on Tuesday, January 10.
1 decorative
And then the reality of adult services became evident and I began to see how much my life is going to change. I started to re-think all that eagerness.
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services recommends the following guidelines for disease prevention: eat smart, exercise regularly, get routine health screenings, be an active participant in managing your health, lead a healthy lifestyle, have routine vaccination and immunization.
I went upstairs to kiss my son goodnight and told him that when he woke up, his baby brother might have arrived. He was very excited! I took out my gifts from my Glasgow Blessingway, my bracelet and labyrinth and crystals and lit the candle a good friend had given me. I got in the bath around 9.30pm. The contractions were the same but I just felt like having a break and knew this early on that they would most likely stop.
Alejandro Castano, 35, Englewood, N.J.
I have a Miche party at Kim's house tomorrow. It should be a FUN time!!!
---Mike
in some of my more elaborate dreams i flirted with the idea of becoming an actor. i held plays in my room using my bed as a stage, and i, of course, handled all duties from directing to producing to acting – and obviously being the star of the show. at the end of a performance the audience would shower me with roses and cigarettes and declare that i was the greatest actor of all time – marlon brando? who the fuck remembers him? – and when i moved into feature films i would stroll down the red carpet and dominate the fuck out of the award shows. i was adored by all. it was a wonderful feeling.
O mother, Hari descended to earth to lighten your heaven burden. Within yourself you must be remembering all the deeds he did to save you.
LUC would like to extend our huge respect and solidarity to everyone who came out to oppose SPUC, both in Lincoln and across the country. We will continue to confront them whenever they take to the streets, and always fight to keep abortion safe, free and legal.
Once I had all that straightened out, I scheduled a team meeting that included my sneaky-ass coworker. Then I sent my ominous tweet yesterday : "Office confrontation is imminent."
But “I don’t like the taste” always strikes me as being a particularly feeble rationalisation. Alcoholic drinks cover a huge spectrum of different tastes, and many don’t really taste “of alcohol” at all. For example, I recently tried some alcoholic root beer which was impossible to distinguish from the soft drink version. Have they really tried everything from Liebfraumilch to cask-strength Laphroaig and decided that nothing appeals? People may be vegetarian on principle, but you never hear them claiming that they don’t like the taste of meat, especially when it spans such a wide range of flavours from venison to oysters. Non-drinkers would be respected more if they were honest about their motivations.
Thursday Damn it! Why am I still sick?? The concert is tomorrow. TOMORROW. I. Will. Not. Miss.
The Zimbabwean dictator interpreted Obama's victory through a racial prism; he saw it as an affirmation of racial identity. In fact, it was the exact opposite. It was the triumph of the open, opportunity society that enabled Obama to transcend racial barriers. Throughout his life he has recognised and used the opportunities open to him in America. He made it to the White House because he grew up in a society that is the antithesis of Mugabe's Zimbabwe.
‘‘(ii) share such cyber threat information with any other entity, including the Federal Government.
**While you are hopping along, be sure to check out the new design challenge blog, Thinking*Through*Design. It is sure to be a great place for scrapbookers of all kinds to showcase their work learn more about this wonderful hobby!
What it loses out to its drophead siblings in style, it more than just the California's ability even further. Similarly, the enzo ferrari photos a big shove before the ebay enzo ferrari new Ferrari 458 Italia improving economy and emissions levels. The ultimate aim being, of course, is a first for Ferrari, the enzo ferrari signed and rear transaxle set-up previously reserved for V12 models. The California is a vintage V12 Ferrari.
That’s Evil.
The film was 90% in Hindi, with the exception of the occasional english line thrown in for the real world Hinglish effect. The plot and story were easy enough to follow that even with my incredibly limited vocabulary I could tell what was going on. Movies in India are notoriously long, so there was an intermission to get refills on snacks (like masala popcorn, and aloo kabobs, and snow caps). The theater was packed full of people and I would be willing to bet that 20% of the couples present had at least one baby with them. Like the rest of India, it was loud with chatter, but from my assigned seat (L-12) I could hear just fine. The movie ended with a great dance scene and as soon as I get back to the states, I will download the album. All-in-all, it was a very good way to spend a night.
We need to look to God first in all things !
Overall a fun experience - they've been on a train for a pretty short trip at our local railroad museum, but this was an actual 1 hr 15 min ride - with a pretty significant gain in elevation. The weather was beautiful, and of course, we had to stop at Beau Jo's for lunch on the way home (Georgetown is about 45 miles west of Denver) - who also has terrific wheelchair access, by the way - the kids' first trip there too! Then, a stop at a rock shop to buy some rocks/fossils tops off the trip. Later in the evening, Santas elves were hard at work on the kids' Christmas presents. More on that later. I can definitely say that we, I mean, Santa's elves are completely worn out from this weekend.
When I left local government many new appointments, particularly of senior staff, were being made on short term contracts. For most staff there was no security of employment with cost cutting exercises taking place every year. Services kept suffering as fewer people were there to do the jobs expected by the public. Those that remained spent more and more time gathering statistics for government targets which were becoming harder and harder to achieve in the vicious circle. The rest of the time they were ensuring that there was sufficient paperwork to protect themselves from the culture of blame and litigation sweeping in from the other side of the Atlantic. In short local government had ceased to be a place where all one had to remember was that one had to serve the public and get on with the job of doing that. For many it had become a fight for survival. It had become a place where one's first loyalty was to making sure that one could putting food into the mouths of one's family.
06/08 – San Diego, CA @ The Irenic
The ANC claimed that the FCA would not cause any job losses. Yet in 2004, just two years after the law went into effect, the number of gun stores plunged from 600 to 200.
Pitter-patter beats skip in my heart as I think of endless ways to please you. You’re so captivating.
Their debut album can be streamed on their Myspace page.
Make birthdays special: share a memory from their childhood and tell them one from yours.
So now that the end is no longer a wall of no, but a window, I have no excuse not to go.
The mailman was very kind to me today. Some giftees to myself arrived.
And after we were finished with our shopping, we waited in line over an hour and a half to checkout.
Vegetables support prostate health with high levels of inflammation-fighting antioxidants, vitamins, minerals, polyphenols, and fiber. According to The Prostate Health Program, developed by Daniel W. Nixon and Max Gomez, organic eating reduces exposure to cancer-causing pesticides and chemicals. Organic leafy greens (also known as cruciferous vegetables), such as broccoli, cauliflower, cabbage, and Brussels sprouts have high percentages of cancer fighting fiber, and the lycopene in tomatoes is a powerful antioxidant.
The planner has 12 spiritually uplifting and edifying articles – one for each month from noted Christian authors that include:
Resonates the seraphs’ singing.
Shu then absorbs some friend’s voids so that he can then battle Gai, but he’s hesitant until everyone’s all “we’ll die if you fail anyway so might as well take them”, some shitty bromance between Shu and Souta, whatever, next episode.
Amateur Friday Submission Process: To submit your script for an Amateur Review, send it in PDF form, along with your title, genre, logline, and why I should read your script to Carsonreeves3@gmail.com. Keep in mind your script will be posted in the review (feel free to keep your identity and script title private by providing an alias and fake title). Also, it's a good idea to resubmit every couple of weeks so that your submission stays near the top of the pile.
A million of these tiny birds (they're the size of 2 jumbo cotton balls or 1.5 large marshmallows) converged on the tree outside my window the other day. They're so cute! I thought this even after I witnessed them plucking blossoms off the tree - were they looking for bugs? eating petals? just destructive thugs?
Sometimes the most important aspects of a subject are not immediately obvious. Keep reading to get the complete picture.
the breadth of a bee sting, slowsoft in butter colour
FEATHERS: With R cast on 5 sts, leaving strand for sewing. K 1 row.
Born on November 13, 1943, permit-holder John Wade has established himself as one of the leading owner/trainers in the north of England in recent years. Having left school at the age of 15, Wade started repairing and driving earth-moving machinery before becoming an agricultural engineer and stone merchant. Today he heads the highly-successful John Wade Group of companies, which has a wide portfolio of interests including waste management, recycling, quarrying, demolition and plant hire and employs 150 operatives. Wade also farms 700 acres around his Howe Hills farm in County Durham, which stages point-to-points. His involvement in racing started in the point-to-point sphere, and he initially rode as an amateur, enjoying a first success under rules on September 6, 1982, as the Arthur Stephenson-trained Glen Willy won a novices’ hurdle at Hexham. He took out a permit to train himself in 1983. Leading early performers for Wade included Clares Own, a nine-time winner over fences between 1989 and 1994, dual Cheltenham hunter chase victor Overflowing River and Stormy Lad, who was third behind Rhinestone Cowboy in the Grade Two Rossington Main Novices’ Hurdle in
On the way home, on the coach, I was in awe at the sunset. It was absolutely beautiful! I love creation as it reveals God's creativity to me, shows me something of what He's like - and leaves me standing staring in absolute awe. It's something that gets to me.
The greatest beer in the world has to be the cheapest, coldest fizziest beer there is, and it is possible to measure each factor. The price is clear, the temperature easily ascertained and the fizziness apparent from the power of the subsequent belch after the first swig. By this simple test it is possible to work out whether a beer is proper real cooking lager or just overpriced warm flat pongy muck you want to avoid lest you get stung.
Reading Luke’s account of Jesus’ baptism also helped to bring the message home, that I am not alone in my weakness. The people present saw the Spirit descend like a dove, and heard God speak – “This is my Son, whom I love; listen to Him!” – yet I am sure that not all of them believed that Jesus was, in fact, God’s Son. And, even those who did believe, like me, may have experienced times of weakness.
The market clobbered Enron’s stock and put it out of business long before the government even figured out what was going on.
I like the idea of wedding favors because it’s another way to play with your wedding’s theme. To ensure that your favor isn’t tossed in the trash choose something that can be used right away -- food is great as a snack on the ride home, a CD will likely get listened to in the car or a charitable donation which can’t be used by guests, but will be noted and appreciated.
So to H, I wish you the very best in life for you and your husband. Thank you for being such a good friend all this while.
I'm going to bed.
“With adults it is going to be a lot harder, however. Workplaces are going to have to provide mandatory and intensive day-courses for employees, and the self-employed will be encouraged to attend training days, receiving government compensation for their time. It is totally worth it.”
If we are going to truly become a liberated country, we have to actually liberate the masses. Change has to occur materially in their lives. We need to stop making this a black/white issue and concentrate on making it an accountability issue. It seems Africa has not learnt any lessons whatsoever and wherever “liberation” has occurred, decline on an unprecedented scale has occurred soon after because the so-called liberators had only one real agenda: power.
Released as Kaijû Sôshingeki (March of the Monsters) on August 1, 1968 in Japan, this was the ninth film in the first Godzilla series (referred to as the Showa Era), and was the final collaboration of the main four creative forces behind Gojira (1954) – Producer Tomoyaki Tanaka, Director Ishiro Honda, Composer Akira Ifukube and Special Effects Director Eiji Tsuburaya (though for this one, he was technically Special Effects Supervisor). As the film economy was beginning to fall off in Japan, Toho decided that if they were going to be going out, they’d do it with a big bang. They decided to spend extra money and use as many monsters from their films as they possibly could, even ones NOT connected to the Godzilla series. They may have based their choices on what suits they had intact. Baragon was NOT used for the attack scenes, as it was far too damaged from being used for TV work. They went with the Mothra caterpillar, last seen in GHIDRAH THE THREE HEADED MONSTER, as opposed to the adult, flying version, because the puppet last seen in GODZILLA VS. THE SEA MONSTER was pretty much destroyed. The Godzilla suit in this film was newly built (as was the Anguilas suit) and would be used over the next three films.
I just had to snap some pictures this morning while I was sewing. Lately I've mentioned how Finley has been a busy little girl and that sewing has been pretty hard to manage. Now I have some funny pictures to prove it. :)
Phreak: I get that the team probably asked him not to, but this is the guy’s first offense.
New Orleans has some factors which make consolidation difficult unless certain changes are made. Currently, our traffic, municipal and city court judges and clerks are in different buildings, with incompatible computer systems, pay structures and benefit packages. According to an analysis by the National Center for State Courts, it would cost $3 million to combine court functions. Still, that seems cheap over time, as the savings would be annual and in perpetuity.
For decorations I made a long banner by cutting real maps into large triangles and glueing to kite string. I cut letters on the Cricut to spell out "welcome baby boy" (they're undecided on name still). I thought it could be used again in the nursery if they desired. Unfortunately, I forgot to take a photo of this.
Article 97
A few years ago a friend of mines great-uncle celebrated his 90th birthday. During his life this man had some incredible things, as a young man he was a pirate in the South China Seas, his adventures and exploits of this time would wow you..his knowledge, wisdom fighting prowess and courage was second to none-He has led a full life experiencing more in 15-20 yrs then most people do in a lifetime.
Kim Il-sung’s statue was not wearing spectacles in 1986.
Beyond the main website, I find the mobile site lacking for pretty much the same reasons. Although, they do bring Service alerts front and centre. The rest of the mobile site is pretty lame. They have the links (and mainly the ones I talk about) but they should be bigger, better design buttons.
However, that’s not to say you don’t feel like a rock star from time to time. In the month since the book was published, there have been many sweet moments and rewards.
Guest Choreographers: Ӧrjan Anderson, Kenneth Kvarnstrӧm, Johan Inger
In the presence of my Dear Friend
This is an important lesson because it pushes us to expand our capacity to give to others and to take risks in that giving, which is the source of our spiritual growth. So to let our hearts be broken by expressing true love to others exposes us to the possibility of more suffering and more learning. Step into the practice of genuine love in the coming year by adopting the following guidelines:
For cooking club this week we had Mother's Day as a theme. I went with flan as they look fun and sweet and I have never tried them before. Sure, mine look a little ragged around the edges - but I assure you they are delicious! And they have good fridge life so you could prepare them ahead of time and serve them when needed.
While photographing Admiral's Row last week, one of the things which presented a challenge was pulling personality and individuality out of structures which seemed almost methodically sterilized. There were great architectural flourishes to be sure, but these reveal little of the human element within the structures. On the other hand, traces of residency were fairly scant in all but quarters H and L, which had current and recent squatters respectively.
Instead of serving as a platform to reach out to the online community, Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong’s newly set up Facebook page has been turned into a ‘slugfest’ of sort between native Singaporeans and foreigners with the former filing numerous complaints on it with the latter defending the government.
Just a reminder as to what the winner will receive:
You may call me R.J., you may call me Ray
The Associated Press breaks this rule in a story about the Scooter Libby trial:
Tomorrow is the last day of class, and I hope to have time this weekend to play some more.
Rather than using disposable plastic eggs or dyeing real eggs, turn the hunt into a DIY craft by making eggs you can hide year after year. “Favecrafts” has a great tutorial for braided Easter eggs using fabric scraps and recycled water bottles to create a unique look your friends and family will love.
-Ok UK, you want us? We have seen a huge increase in posts and followers from the UK (aka “The England”), so we wanna come on your continent… errrr, wait… come over to your continent…? come and make a splash on your continent…? no, no that’s definitely not it… fuck, forget it. We would LOVE to do a Training Camp in Europe. If any affiliate owners or coaches are interested, let us know. Seriously. If you are interested in helping us come… I mean bringing us to the UK, email us at Laura@OutlawCrossFit.com.
and mind nourishment to recover. Other times, like now, a new project will encourage my muse to show its face. So thank you Lisa!
But if you read James Shapiro's excellent Contested Will, you discover that biography is a very young branch of the literary arts, and reading someone's life into their work even younger.
In March, I worked with ASCD (formerly the Association for Supervision and Curriculum Development), an educational leadership organization. ASCD hosted its annual 3-day conference in Philadelphia, and I worked with the organization to cover various sessions and conference events.
Pujols told Jon Paul Morosi that he is not pressing, and that this is just the rhythm of baseball, and that he doesn't care what anybody says, and that his numbers will be there at the end of the year. These are exactly the things he should be saying. And these are exactly the things he should be believing.
Under European law, the state of the art is "everything made available to the public by means of a written or oral description, by use, or in any other way, before the date of filing of the European patent application" (Article 54 EPC). This would certainly cover traditional knowledge, which is often communicated by use and by word of mouth. A problem with such disclosures is that of proof. The EPO is typically reluctant to accept oral disclosures as prior art unless backed up with sufficiently persuasive evidence. This is where the Traditional Knowledge Digital Library supposedly comes in. The TKDL, a collaborative project between the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research and the Department of Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy, was set up in 2001 to document traditional knowledge that was claimed to be already known in India, sometimes for hundreds of years.
Pours a deep coppery brown with a decent tan head that is small celled and goes quickly.
Despite the efforts of Republican officialdom to marginalize Ron Paul and promote Mitt Romney, supporters of the libertarian-leaning Texas congressman are enjoying remarkable success in having their delegates elected at the state GOP nominating conventions being held nationwide in advance of the Republican Convention that will take place in Tampa in August.
Want to hear about our amazing changes??!!
I show up to the bureau about 20 mins before I’m scheduled to go live and chat with the camera man/get touched up and then enter the studio.
The problem I normally have with anti car groups, traffic calming schemes designed to discourage use and general environmental propaganda is that they never try and provide an alternative. Yes, you've made this road an absolute bastard to use with your bollards, bumps and bus lanes but where's my affordable alternative? You scraped plans for the alternative? Why did you do that? You still have pipe dreams of running the failure of a tram project over the Forth in order to link it with Dunfermline? Come on now, Edinburgh, you aren't fooling anyone - that'll never happen so just let us have our hovercraft.
compromise – face amount or plan design – or choose to increase their budget!
These will soon touch down our store as a quick strike so stay tuned for more info. Click through to see the rest of the pictures.
I hate modern media controlled society. I think my own thoughts. People like us are the only one’s with the real ability to make a change for a better life, but we’re weeded out. We don’t fit in. We’re cast out.
-A cat bank with a fur coat
*Politics: Couldn't care less. Truthfully. I'm watching what's going on in the Gulf and feeling sick about it. I'm paying attention to the primary challenges out there and I see that DINO Blanche Lincoln won her primary. I see that the White House still doesn't get that the base is getting turned off by the bullshit promises followed by the attempts to out-Republican the Republicans because that's the only way to appeal to independents, blah, blah...It's almost as if the most popular, most beloved and well-respected ex-President in history, the one most fondly remembered as a man ahead of his time, the one many say saved this nation as surely as Lincoln did, who was elected to office four times, wasn't a progressive--even a /gasp/ liberal (!) Democrat. You know, like Lincoln was a /gasp/ liberal (!) Republican according to the times. Yes, boys and girls, liberal Republicans existed once upon a time. They are extinct now. DADT--people are so stupid and small. I'll never understand the controversy over this. I just don't. We can send 18 and 19 year old kids across the world to kill and die for their nation but we can't trust them to be able to handle Teh Gay in their units? As if there aren't gays in the units now? As if gays haven't always served? According the vets I know, no one gives a shit. No one cares if Bill has a husband waiting for him at home. What they do care about is whether or not Bill will have their backs and that has nothing to do with what Bill does with his penis on leave. It's a ridiculous mess and can drive a person to drink. That's why I don't care. Truthfully.
B A and Skye have bided their time for over a decade now and, apparently, it's time to strike. Like all development in Hollywood that involves historic property, there is a complete hush-hush, lack of disclosure going on about this but, from what people have been able to discern, they intend to demolish somewhere between 4 buildings and the entire lot at the end of April to redevelop the land.
Creme Fraiche is one of those items that chefs on competitive cooking reality television always seem to bust out as a secret weapon to woo the judges. That, foie gras, and truffle standout as the specialty item that make judges and hosts drool. Just announcing the name of those items has the same affect as bacon for the pedestrian homecook and his potlucking audience.
where more friends played, the gang complete.
Many humans find this rather sadistic, but words like sadistic hardly apply to an animal that, by nature, catches and kills other animals. One thing that surprises some people is that the cat may continue to play with the prey after it is dead. Here’s something that won’t surprise you: if the cat is really hungry, he will eat his prey without playing with it.
Botiki, one of the former detainees, who lived through camp life in Quatro during its worst period, said of the place: "What I've seen there is frightening and incredible."
9 years planning, 3 years preparing and then successfully achieving his groups goals that is all based in logic when you look at it, is amazing for a paranoid delusional 'insane' man who even now is looking at things logically and how he can continue his personal agenda in-line with the bigger agenda he has started.
Cops in court after man killed in custody
That said, when we are discussing colour,
It started innocently enough, with her 2 cats, who like to look at birds. She has a screened in porch which is the perfect place for her kitties to lick their lips thinking about how great that blue jay is going to taste and planning their great escape.
Yankees still look after me, even now. Thirteen years on. Check’s in the post first of the month, regular as a vegetarian.
For cocoa, use 1/2 cup mix per 1 cup water. Put desired amount in a large saucepan and stir over medium heat until hot. Store remaining mix in tightly sealed container.
Whimsy Stamps Sentiments Collection
Those ads show a set of "beliefs" commonly held by advertisers and companies at the time, which then no doubt molded the beliefs of individuals within their communities.
Once the water is at a rolling boil add your pasta and cook for about two minutes- taste a little and check.
I still poked around the website, entertaining the idea joining a training group and getting LOTS OF ATTENTION at races for being a REAL LIVE CROHN’S SUFFERER WHO RUNS HALF-MARATHONS. Then I saw that one of the perks that would be included if I joined a race and raid money would be accommodations and travel to whatever exotic locale my race was in. So who would be paying for that? My friends and family who already tithe, give money and hugs to panhandlers, and start schools in Africa.
And O how I love Jesus!
Notable award(s) Nobel Prize in Literature, 1949
This has given me the opportunity to branch out a bit, and that was especially good for me because after a little over two years of AD&D I was ready for a break. With Call of Cthulhu holding a special place in my heart, I could have gotten a campaign underway sooner, but in all honesty I was not sure this was the best group for it. I have Terry, a veteran of those 90’s Cthulhu campaigns (which were often mostly comprised of female players, which would be another difference from the current group), but the likes of Dan Dan the Power Game Man™ might risk it being more farce than fearful. So as recently as a few weeks ago I decided to go with Runequest, but quickly hit a (hopefully temporary) snag because of my dislike for Strike Rank. I decided after game two to shelf that, and go the hell ahead with Cthulhu. With Big Dan overseas for a temporary period, it seemed like a good time to get a session underway before he came along and futilely tried to powergame a Basic Role Playing character.
I didn't even make a cake. I stuck two candles in a plastic cup filled with cookies-and-cream ice-cream.
F hook, Lg Eye Yarn Needle for finishing.
Many moms work jobs, take care of aging parents, run a business,
“Someone you work with Wolf? And does she sit by you?”
We also got to spend a weekend in the mountains of West Virginia, drive through the Smoky Mountains twice, spend a week on the Atlantic coast, and finish our summer in my favorite place, Colorado. I felt like I was drinking in the beauty being constantly amazed at God’s workmanship in all the details.
And that about wraps it up, my friends. I hope you have enjoyed a peak at my “It” items for the week, and please feel free to let me know what you think!
Even as a quick, low end sale, $35 buys you two PLEX which will get you 500 million ISK, so $70 would get you a billion and it would be risk free. Potentially though, played right, that $35 gets you pretty close to the billion mark. So the best case scenario would be paying the same price for a greatly increased risk.
Why do I do that to myself every year? I KNOW I need to get these things finished and yet I always wait until the last minute to even start them. You'd think I'd learn my lesson by now.
I used the low-sodium chicken broth. I used three 14.5 ounce cans, and then added a bit of water to make up the difference. To me, the sodium on this dish is high. Even with my substitution of the low-sodium chicken broth it tasted plenty salty (tasty salty, not overly salty, but still). If you wanted to cut it further, you could use even less broth and swap it for water to make up the difference. Or use light/low-sodium soy sauce. Or just cut back on the soy sauce.
Johannesburg - Zimbabwean-style land grabs will not happen in South Africa, President Jacob Zuma said on Monday.
I am linking to these parties.
The monument to the State of Mississippi at Gettysburg is southwest of town on West Confederate Avenue.
"The Littles had tails. There didn't seem to be any reason for the Littles to have tails. They couldn't do anything with them. They couldn't hang by their tails. And they didn't wag them when they were happy.
As you can see the room is really light and airy and I've chosen to only hang white voile curtains, to take full advantage of the natural light, hence the very light photographs.
I hope and pray that the Bersih 3.0 Duduk Bantah at Dataran Merdeka does not provide a golden opportunity for thugs, gangsters and hooligans to do their worst. — aliran.com
I remember Todd saying something about being determined to hike the Peak tomorrow, and I say “I’m in!” as my head starts to swirl… I see a world of Bud Light, flames, and some freaky curtain that could only have been the inside of my eyelids… then the most horrible headache I could ever imagine sets in.
Thought this would make a lovely wedding anniversary/valentines gift.
...and we end with The Salty. After going to a few cupcake eating events with JustJenn, I feel having something salty with your sweets is very important so I put together an assortment of my favorite salty snacks.
He flashed his trademark V for victory sign to the crowd before stepping into the home, which was draped with British and American flags, where he was greeted by owner, Joseph P. Romeo, a dress designer. Churchill’s tour of the house was limited to the ground floor. “He doesn’t do stairs,” one of his handlers informed the group.
I'm going to start with talking about the ending. Oh my, is there a cliffhanger. One of the RADs is very close to being outed to the community for what he really is. The girls come together in order to keep this from happening but what's their plan? And will it even work? The ending got my attention enough to make me want to read the next book in the series whenever it comes out. Having said that, though, I don't think I would spend my money on it. This is one that I would wait to get from the library. It was a good read but not something I absolutely have to have my own copy for my collection.
Harvard historian Jill Lepore has a piece attacking gun rights in the latest New Yorker, and a follow-up post on the magazine’s website. Most of it is basically what you’d expect: some numbers about gun violence, some horrifying anecdotes about people who’ve misused guns, some reporting from a gun range, some artsy writing (“a gun is a machine made to fire a missile that can bore through flesh”), and an overarching history of the gun-rights movement.
We left the Kansas City area at 6 a.m. and headed south on I-35. We started to hit blizzard conditions about 30 miles north of Wichita. By Wichita, we were driving through 5 inches of fresh, blowing snow.
So this was an enjoyable bank holiday weekend trip out, and it didn't rain (just looking at a showery scene outside my window now...) and despite predictions wasn't especially cold either. We also got to try some good pubs and some excellent local ales on the way round. Time and money well spent
But if you were to acquire PLR for a set of articles, you could save money because of the economics of scale. Articles are bought at bulk and as such it is possible to get your hands on 200 articles for only less than $30.
Just a second, let me enjoy that mental picture for a little while longer. Okay, I'm good. Now, where was I? Ah, yes, showering. A group of female inmates are showering, when all of a sudden, one of them starts to scream. It would seem that this is all part of a not-so elaborate rouse to distract the guards so that another inmate could grab her "uniform" and flee the clinic.
Doesn't it look like he's thinking, "Mom, REALLY? Are you really putting me in a baby carrier?". That angelic face always says so much :)
“Outstanding…deftly inserts humor into what could easily have been an unrelentingly grim plot line.” –Publishers Weekly, (Starred Review)
let me introduce you to one my best friends. his registered AQHA name is Just Zippos Kid. his barn handle is”Chip” which I assume came from the big, black dot plunked on his massive pink and soft nose. can’t say it’s my favorite name but some how he suits it and it stuck. I am his forever home. he is my old handsome man. we are getting old together. he has sore feet. I have a sore back. what a pair.I look after him and he takes care of me. I can bury my face into his brown velvety neck and the world goes away. he has a pair of eyes like no other horse I have seen. it’s what made me fall in love with him and make him mine. it’s what makes me clean up his big, heavy piles of hay burning, if you get my drift, each and every day, and I love it. I am always teasing people that my hands smell like ass. yeah, I know, super gross but honestly, it’s my therapy. “There is something about the outside of a horse that is good for the inside of a man,” so they say.
To second guess our needs – “I know I offered but…”
Sadako: "I'm not sure this movie could get any more incestuous unless John Philips was invited to write a few extra songs."
In 1939, in the same building that would house Spago in the 1980s, our gal opened up Cafe Gala.
i got tagged!!! and i got tagged by my sweetest girl, the love of my blogging life, pretty miss ashley! i feel like the queen of the prom a little bit! not gonna lie! so i've been working on this here little game/project/exercise for days and days now trying to get it right and as i am doing that, piddling along at a snail's pace, i am seeing all my favorite girls (some of whom i was planning to tag myself! NOOOO!!!) getting tagged by somebody else and posting their eleven things and i am all STOOOOP!!!! WAIT UP GUYS!! cuz i am always tardy to the party, as well you know. *sigh* so i figured i'd better git ta gittin', put my ducks in a row and treat you, my friends, to my eleven....grab some popcorn, without further adieu...
I don't remember so much of a fish taste. I remember that I liked it, but maybe it was I was eating so much fish then. But now? Well, it borders on the nasty.
Recorder: Sound Devices 722
Event Deadline: 12 February 2012
3. Brophy: 24-21 vs. Westview
So I wrote a check of $188.23 to Quill, put it in envelope, sealed the envelope, wrote Quill Pennsylvania address on it and put on my table to wait till I had time to mail it.
B1. The Toucanostra (4:30)
and another lightning storm
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to not realize that this singularity manifestation of this who I am as ‘me’ has been the direct consequence of an act of judgement in which I made an act of opposition to all and everything as one as negativity, as friction, as energy, as relationship in which I became this singularity manifestation of ‘me’.
Level 7: MP Cost: 29, 48% chance to cancel the enemy’s buffs, Time between skills: 12 seconds.
In this blog we must focus on the building, and it will be easier to refer to it by its original name, Crickhowell House. Named of course after the man himself and, in the pre-devolution days, used by the Welsh Office to house a few civil servants; but the building was always under-used and unpopular with those working there. Nevertheless a 20-year lease had been agreed in 1993 between the (Conservative-controlled) Welsh Office and Grosvenor Waterside Developments, the property arm of ABP. This was extended by a further five years when Ron Davies, then Secretary of State for Wales, announced that Crickhowell House would house the Assembly until its new home was built. There was also an option to extend the lease up until 2043.
At some point, after the elephant breakdown, she was sobbing that the only way that things would be ok is if we got more tickets and went on more rides. We'd already used up all our tix at this point and I was not wanting to spend anymore money, and was wanting to leave around 4 to avoid rush hour, and was tired and ready to go (the zoo can be a bit of stretch for me on a variety of levels) , AND I pretty much realized that she was doing whatever she could do to put off the inevitable... the transition of leaving the zoo. (transitions are particularly difficult for us)
I look down at a featherless little bird. Without formed eyes. A swollen bird fetus on our front step.
This was our final week of Grade 2. As of Monday morning, he will be starting 3rd grade.
I learned about him from the Today show where Matt Lauer is paid tens of millions of dollars to explain it all. It wasn’t Matt doing the story, but rather one of the female anchors who kept trying to get Snackman to “pop off” his shirt. She would make a great Awkwardwoman because this exchange could not be more awkward.
In/Significant Others 2009 Hollywood Movie Watch Online Full Movie
In a recent interview Kylie did here in Denmark, to promote her upcoming tour, she was given one. We love our Danish designs.
There's another reason why I'm so excited about the possibility of joining this CSA. Every time I turn around lately, I'm hearing about pesticides that are causing bees to die off; vegetables that have been genetically altered with unknown consequences; factory farming practices that are wreaking havoc with antibiotic resistant bacteria; outbreaks of e.Coli from vegetables, meats, eggs, and processed foods. It's not just that I'm being paranoid - these things are real. In this industrialized society, we just don't know where our food is coming from anymore. We even went so far this year as to buy non-GMO seeds for our own gardens, concerned about what we were growing ourselves.
As with most guys, I enjoy sports. A lot. In fact, I follow just about every major sport that’s out there pretty avidly, with the exception of hockey. But I also enjoy stats. I’m a statistician by trade, so I love looking at the numbers and comparing things, so I was looking at some Major League Baseball stats for the 2012 season thus far, and there are some interesting ones:
O Jesus! for evermore be Thy name adored.
Perhaps you'll consider joining my journey.
Aroma: Toasty biscuit aroma with a slight fruitiness.
Wow. He sure picked the wrong audience. While his school ties and membership in France's ultimate old boy network might have worked on the natives, it only impressed me by its irrelevance. So chalk up one more difference in the cultural divide between the U.S. and France, now being exposed daily in press coverage of the Dominic Strauss Kahn affair. Americans may think the fellow who graduated from Harvard is smart or they may hold him in contempt for being a useless egghead. But buy a book of poetry on the strength of that association? I don't think so.
Jesus, born of Mary, a man thoroughly accredited by God to mankind – performed miracles and wonders and signs openly for all to witness. Jesus cast out devils, cleansed lepers, restored sight to the blind, caused the deaf to hear, the lame to walk, the dumb to speak, and raised the dead. Everything that the Father did through him is common knowledge. Jesus, the only Son of God followed the deliberate and well-designed plan of His Father. He was betrayed by men who took the law into their own hands, and handed Him over to be crucified. He was nailed to a cross, where He died for our sins. But God untied the death ropes and Christ our Lord was resurrected. Death was no match for him. Jesus overcame death and the grave in history’s greatest act by God’s wonderful grace and wisdom.
Puerto Princesa Prison Camp in the Philippines (December 1944)
The other day I was browsing the Roots & Rhythm mail order catalog that arrived via e-mail and something caught my eye (the one that's permanently bloodshot)-- One String Blues Masters (Delta Cat 1001). A new CD on a label I never heard of. In the brief description of the CD were the words-- "Willie Joe Duncan & his Unitar, previously un-issued 1988 recordings". Needless to say, out came the credit card, and for $16.98 + $5.00 for priority shipping, I am now the proud owner of the complete recorded works of Willie Joe and his Unitar, as well as One String Sam, Eddie "One String" Jones, and Louis Dotson. The later name being completely new to me. Pardon me, I'm going to pull five strings off my Telecaster now... I'm back, that felt good.
Yep – today was our first BvBCLE practice. And I was so excited – not only to play football but also to meet some of the girls that are playing. And let’s just say our team is going to have a blast over the next few weeks while we prep for the game on June 16th.
As they once did, upon a time.
If you want to play along but don’t want to commit to writing seven stories - please consider being a judge. I I have 4 people (non-bloggers) in mind, but it would be nice to have a “jury of your peers” to help determine the finalists of each round. Just let me know, but I’m hoping you’ll write.
Saturday morning I woke up before everyone else and headed to church to help with the skills testing for our Upwards football league (you can see my pictures here). Imagine my surprise when I came back home to see Leah with the start of a black eye! She told me she feel off her bed ... well, I later figured it out to be something else.
He refuses to look at them.
Stereo Soundboard recording
But consider for a moment some other examples that were presented to the world as advances. When the microwave oven became a household item, the advertisements claimed that this invention would revolutionize cooking—that the stove would become irrelevant in the home. But people realized the value (aesthetically, I might add) of really cooked food. The microwave was different, but not necessarily an advance. It was the same with the synthesizer, which was supposed to replace instruments, and for a time all one heard on the radio were synthesizers. And yet people valued the sound (aesthetic, once again) and skill of instrumentalists. A synthesizer was different, but not an advance. And more recently, auto-tune has seen the same ascendance, threatening in some ways to replace singing. Ah, but rising against the tide of auto-tune comes a television show like “Sing Off”—a show all about a capella singing, once again a kind of patient aesthetic on display. Auto-tune also was not really an advance, but merely a difference.
11 Whatever
It should be interesting to watch these uniforms in action this fall.
This old Dutch building used to house an Orphanage in the early 1860’s. After it was purchased in the 1930’s by the founder of the Sampoerna cigarette company it became the biggest cigarette factory in Surabaya. One of the biggest attractions is to watch a thousand ladies hand-roll cigarettes at amazing speeds. You will also find a small museum and a very good café and art gallery. Evan was especially piqued by the old bikes, motorcycles and carts and we all enjoyed a very good and very reasonably priced lunch at their café.
I do know, however, that this is a potentially great match for the sport – the pairing of one of the best doping minds the sport has seen with those entities entrusted with catching the very individuals that Conte once assisted! And just as I raised the question of sincerity with Conte, I have to do the same with the agencies whose job it is to bring down the cheaters, because I would think that whether you like Conte or not, obtaining his knowledge on doping would be a tremendous coup.
Of course I wanted to ride to the barn, even though they just had harnesses on. Clendon rode Dick and I was on Baldy. Clen gave me a bit of an extra ride by circling the house before going to the barn. As we came back up to the yard he had to duck under the clothes line that was hanging loosely. He tossed it over my horse’s head, but I wasn’t quick enough, and it swept me right off of Baldy’s back, down over his rear end… I was so embarrassed, but I got back on and completed the ride. I got teased a lot about that!
Who's with me? Will you follow me to Pocket Pause?
Not everyone gets the chance to have Box Seats at the Kentucky Derby that is Hollywood - let alone ride in it. Well, I not only rode in that race, I rode the horse with a track record of being a winner, time and time again. Pictured (left to right) Julie Link, Senior VP of Relativity, me, Tom Forman, President of Relativity, and Adriane Hopper, President of En Light Productions whom is in co-production with this project.
We looped 1080p high definition content with full brightness over Wi-Fi, with Bluetooth activated, and the Acer Iconia Tab A200 still lasted for an impressive 350 minutes.
You'd be Pevan Atcar, right? The only thing he'd said to her - besides asking for privy breaks - in five shifts still rang in her mind. He'd seemed nervous, asking, but equally poised for attack. She was tempted to brand it a fight-or-flight response, but he'd done neither since. And there was little reason for him to fear her, unless he thought she shared his contempt for the law. Prisoner he might be, but he had rights.
A Garcia Lorca dream is getting transfused into the monovalent movement in Dali
Stampin' Up blue cardstock
"It is Thursday for Alice," said Frances. "Alice will not have h-r-n-d, and she will not have g-k-l-s. But we are singing together."
What I realized the other day was that I was lucky to be brought up in a house who savors the little things. My mom gets all giddy when us 3 kids are all home, settled on the couch, cocktails in hand, laughing over a funny story. My dad is the type to almost veer off the road because he's spending too much time taking in the view on a ride to the Cape or New Hampshire, or who will stop to read every sign at a museum, taking it all in. I'm the type who will walk into a tree because I have my head cocked skywards admiring the stars (I do get that from Dad though). The point is, I have been brought up to savor everything, and that has made all the difference in my life, and in my happiness.
Other than Obama merchandise and 658 people soliciting everyone in sight to sign up and work for the Obama campaign, there was nothing to eat or drink besides soft drinks, water and $2 packs of junk food. This wouldn't have been an issue, except that the local paper, The Statesman, published press releases that said they were going to limit the crowd to the first 10,000 people; since there were already requests for over 16,000 tickets we figured we needed to be there early, so we arrived a little before 1pm (Obama being scheduled to speak at 3pm). Two hours without any place to sit or food to speak of was a bit tiring (especially given the breaking of the aforementioned rules of thumb), and as it turned out, wholly unnecessary. We could have shown up at 2:55 and been fine. No one limited the crowd and there was plenty of room to put more people in. The final tally came in this morning as "at least 15,000 people."
NAHB will continue to monitor gypsum price movements very closely.
Chad and I got away for a night last weekend, thanks to my parents watching our kids. We had a great time together, and it is always so nice to just get away. But we had to laugh. So many things went "wrong" with our time away. Our hotel package was totally misrepresented. Then we went to the Movie Tavern and they had to restart the movie 2 times because there was no sound. Then our food order was lost (I guess?) and our food did not arrive until almost the end of the movie... then we came home to one kid with a fever. But we did have a leisurely walk around both Lowe's AND Home Depot and could pick out what we wanted for our new bathroom...
Format: 7” (edition of 300 copies)
I realize I'm a little late on addressing this one, considering it's a study that was published in early September, so has already been blogged about pretty extensively, but with how little time I've spent at home (or at the very least in my home city--my family is currently staying in an apartment while some major repairs/renovations are going on at our house) in the last month (I've been in Ontario, New Hampshire, Vermont, and Maine) this is the first time I've been able to get around to it!
There I'll put my trumpet down now.
I've been pretty honest on the topic lately, and even my lack of consistent outfit posting for the past few months may have led you to the conclusion that I just haven't really been feeling super stylish lately. Working from home has gotten me into a serious denim rut. Without having a place to be consistently, getting all dressed up and then taking pictures of what I'm wearing just isn't as inspiring as it was when I was in the classroom.
The door opened, then closed behind Chris when he stepped out of the Grace Church and walked towards the street. Immediately, he felt what seemed like 99% humidity as he continued. He saw three, then four, then five dark figures, like men in robes and hoods that were three sizes too large, walking up the middle of the street. They’re path slightly changed and quickened once Chris reached the curb.
Wonderful things are happening in my heart these days, things I feel both hesitation and urgency to share here on the blog. I have never before been more sure of God's hand in all this, shaping me, refining me, changing me.
Top 5 Situations When Emergency Locksmith Help is Necessary
4 tbsp dark rum for flambéeing
The whole day long, the whole night long, they’re splashing round the isles;
Yesterday afternoon my husband came home from his errands and handed me a single, perfect red rose. “Here,” he said,
A Taste of Cherry ( Abbas Kiorastami, director)
The young cowboy walked to his bunk and lifted the mattress and grabbed a twenty dollar bill. As he sat the mattress back down, his girlfriend asked if that’s where he kept all his money. He said it was and they walked out the door.
I don't know about you, but I have the travel bug big time! There is nothing that I enjoy more than visiting a new place, exploring the food, art and culture. If I can't hop a plane and Bourdain is not on TV, these cards might just be the next best thing. Why not fly on over and buy a bunch at LSquared Design? Your friends will thank you!
“No, you have three hours left, how are you holding up?”
New writers are not likely to be bestsellers, since they're looking for representation to help them sell a first book in the first place. Duh.
The Staff is fronted by a very energetic female led vocalist by the name of Mary Ella, who is pictured on the front jacket. The Staff comprised of six members and came out of France…. This Out Of Bounds album provides fast paced electro new wave arrangements with some songs having edgy guitar riffs and a more intense vocal treatment. This is quite a fun listening experience in its totality, especially if you gravitate to the female new wave fronted bands….I believe they produced a video for “Goody Goody Bye Bye”, but I can’t find it…This vinyl should be available in the marketplace for modest prices. Out of print pressing.
But after hours of searching all I found was these videos of any altercation ever happening with members of the Islamic community and the EDL:
both of the men speed off toward
The bar is in remarkable shape. It's a crime that it's only been seen by those smart or lucky enough to rent out the room. There are wood inlays and gas lamp fixtures and a brass rail that is undoubtably brass.
She led us back (to the same exam room, no less) and got, according to my expressed wishes, my favorite nurse to come in with us. I told them, voice shaky and cracking, that I wanted a running commentary as it happened. The probe was in for about two seconds when she announced (with not a small amount of relief on her part, my husband and I both thought), "I see a flicker!" Which was very helpful to hear at that moment, given that mine was about to explode right there on the exam table. The sweetest relief ran through everything I could still feel. She focused in on the heartbeat and measured 120 beats per minute. It was a little tough for me to see the screen and I can hardly remember what it looked like, but it doesn't matter. It's there, and hopefully there will be many more opportunities to get a better look.
White FMM, Cohen FG, Sherman G, McCurdy R. Chemicals, birth defects and stillbirths in New Brunswick: Associations with agricultural activity. CMAJ 1988; 138: 117-124.
Puff. Go, Yee San! Puff. I'm not sure she heard.
I didn’t know why I was crying tonight, but I think I figered it out. I think I realized that there is some girl out there who has been told to forget, and yet she still feels empty every day. There is some baby boy out there who has been forgotten, there is some man or woman being fed lies… and there needed to be somebody who wept about it. There is nothing worse than a tragedy where nobody even cries.
Lambics, and especially gueuzes, live in that strata of artistic accomplishment that includes stinky cheeses, opera, and abstract art. It's very difficult to come to a gueuze cold and appreciate what's going on with it. If I had three beer wishes, I'd ask that people try several different gueuzes in at least ten sessions--different brands and ages. Unlike a lot of American sour beers, gueuzes don't have super challenging flavors--there's no band-aid, solvent, or burning tire. Because of the blend of young and old beer, they're not intensely dry nor sour, and the effervescence nudges them toward sparkling wine. Once you get past the shock of the experience, you begin to understand the flavors and how they work together. Moreover, sampling a bottle from different breweries makes it instantly clear what role the wild yeasts play. Gueuzes are a bit like dog breeds--they are distinctive and unique, and people have their preferences. I'm a Boon man, but I know people so devoted to Cantillon, Drie Fonteinen, or Girardin that they consider the preference for others a minor blasphemy. That kind of devotion is a testament to just how profound these beers can be.
Heat a grill pan with 1 tsp of canola oil and fry the burgers on medium heat for 3-4 minutes per side. After flipping sprinkle sesame seeds on the cooked side. Flip once more to help sesame seeds toast for a minute. Serve on bun with tartar sauce and garnishes. Enjoy.
The vast, vast majority of people are too concerned with work and family to “rise above” Capitalism. Humanity can’t cut itself off from the social system that puts food on the table and keeps the hospitals and schools running, any more than the slave can make his chains disappear just by wishing it.
Getting Things Done by David Allen
A 2011 Gallup poll showed 86% of whites approved of marriage between blacks and whites, up from 48% in 1991. Once frowned upon as “miscegenation” and illegal, black-white marriages increased sevenfold, from 51,000 to 363,000, between 1960 and 2000. A Cornell-Ohio State analysis found that black-white marriages went from 3% in 1980 to 10.7% in 2008.
29. In the film The Incredible Shrinking Man, when Louise is on the phone asking for the operator, the music playing on the radio is the theme song to Written on the Wind, which was made at Universal the year prior.
When I was forced to give up work last month, through ill health, the team at the After School Club gave me a gift voucher that could be used at any Garden Centre. I can remember at the time I received it (very ungratefully, looking back) thinking that I wished I had the stamina and the energy to even do gardening.
before it surfaces, before it floods
(winner is yet to be determined)
Since tryptophan is a precursor of other neurotransmitters in your brain, including serotonin and melatonin, eating foods that are rich in tryptophan will help you feel relaxed and sleepy. Foods such as turkey, hummus, lentils, and kelp are naturally high in tryptophan and also contain nutrients that provide a host of other health benefits. In addition, bananas not only contain tryptophan, but also potassium and magnesium, which are natural muscle relaxants. Fresh and dried cherries are also one of the only natural food sources of melatonin. Read more of my healthy diet recommendations by visiting www.dreliaz.org/recommends-diet.
The Cons.
Today is National Bundt Cake day! Any baked good with a day dedicated to it is a winner in my books. Mary of the Food Librarian blog loves Bundt cakes so much that she has done a 30 day count-down to today, baking and blogging a different Bundt cake recipe each day! Wow what an undertaking. Incredibly this is also the 3rd year she has done this.
Hopefully you've all noticed my little message at the top of this blog! Look up...go on. Yup! We are mooooooovin on up. (to the East Side). You know how you can do your own mani/pedi and dye your hair, maybe give yourself a facial and you look in the mirror and think "dang! Well done me, I look pretty good!" but then like, for your birthday or Mother's day you get to go to the salon and someone who really knows what's going on fancies you up and you look in the mirror and think "dang! what was I thinking that I could do this to myself! This is so much better!"
Food and drug safety remain major issues within China’s borders despite repeated crackdowns. Economic motives frequently drive food and drug manufacturers to cut corners, filling newspapers with horror stories of consumers unwittingly ingesting industrial chemicals and calling into doubt the ability of regulators to safeguard public health.
White scoopneck shirt: Kohls, $4
So maybe shotgun shells are fun without the gun. I dunno. I'll have Skully give it a whirl if I do get the shells. He likes doing stuff like that. Especially after eggnog.
10. Do you take vitamins or supplements?
Good Luck everyone!
Farouk is the dictator dad who rules over his dominion with an iron fist. This sparks small rebellions (inevitable in every country ruled by a dictator), but of course these are all ‘underground’ movements. His wife has bought the children cell phones -against his law, naturally – and his daughter has found ‘someone’ on Mxit. Is his the right approach?
Wild fantasies
Social Networks
Unfortunately, this white racist way of thinking carries over into the black community, and I find myself not being taken seriously when I tell other black people how I feel. I’ve been laughed at and I've received the same confused expressions that I get from white people. This may be because of the reasons I've already listed, but also for another: calling myself black and being treated as a black person are very different things. Very few times have I been blatantly discriminated against because of my perceived skin color, and I’m sure I’ve gotten away with things for the exact same reason. It’s possible some black people don’t see light-skinned people as having the same struggles and social disadvantages that they themselves have. I know my skin color is envied in this country, where dark skin often isn’t considered beautiful. And because of this light skin and the treatment from whites and some blacks alike, I feel robbed of the true “black” experience. I have the feeling I could be white with no problem from most white people; it’s the being black part I have to prove to their satisfaction.
Egads...How many times does it have to be thrown in my face that I'm becoming a geezer? Took the gambling fools to Pechanga and we went to the round bar to drink because the only gambling I really like nowadays is wondering if the bartender will take my IOU. (It works for Arnold.) The club inside the casino just recently reopened ($30 cover charge!) and we had primo seats for people going in. I guess I should do a disclaimer here or something. I would gladly and happily have gone to clubs to listen to the bands in my 20s but my ex, well, he thought those places were too loud. Like, duh, no shit Sherlock. Youth really is wasted on the young.
good thing there are pumpkin patches, houses all decked out for halloween, and friends inviting us to parties, cookie making traditions and etc because it took me awhile to get into halloween this year!!
The Beverly Woods East neighborhood is located minutes from South Park and in the heart of South Charlotte NC. Homes were built in the 1960′s and 1970′s and home styles include ranches, 1.5 story, 2 story and tri-level single family homes.
2. No matter who the reader is, there will be stories that he will relate to.
hope you day is filled with HAPPY STITCHES and JOY.
-we added 8 new baby chickens to our flock of 8.
Needless to say, this week has been very stressful. We agreed on a synopsis for Defiance Rising (never done one of those before) and a submission of the chapters for Ignite. 8,000 words in a day and a half, less sleep than I care to count, more caffeine than should be humanly possible and I’m pretty sure my son forgot what I look like, but it was all worth it.
It will be easier when I've completed breastfeeding. It will be easier when Jonah naps predictably. It will be easier when I have energy to make it past 8:00 on a school night. It will be easier when...
And now, time for celebration.
6. Where I work.
I'll get it started:
Shorter Andrea Adelson: if mid-majors got a better shake from the BCS, they could schedule more non-conference games with cupcakes.
What would you like to be when you leave school?
Old Zooey the calico we rescued
- 220g / 7,7 oz / 1 cup maple sugar or light brown sugar
I now totally get why other moms say that as soon as they have their baby, they are ready for baby #2. But I don't know if we'll get to have baby #2. Or I guess I should say pregnancy #2. We still have our 3 frozen embies, but of course there are no guarantees. I get a little depressed whenever I look in the closet because I know pretty soon I'll be putting all these maternity clothes away and I don't know if I'll be putting them away for good.
In Qur'an we are told:
Earlier, I read a brilliant post called What Is Borderline Personality Disorder? on the site “You Know You’re Borderline When…”. Since my diagnosis, I’ve read everything I can get my hands on about BPD in the hope of finding some sort of understanding of my often ridiculous actions, and the post I just mentioned is easily the best article I have ever read on the subject.
And the next question is how do we get people to read beyond the headline or the social media post? Tell me your thoughts on that too.
Talking about how his unusual passion developed, Mr Smith said: “It’s something that grew as a part of me when I was a kid and I could not shake it.
How long do you have to concentrate to be able to go through so many pages? (Just in case, this is not seen as a rhetorical question. Assuming you are a slow reader like me or the book to be read is not The Da Vinci Code; it takes about one hour to read 25-30 pages, that means more than 25 hours to read 800 pages, though it took me around 17 hours to read the last Harry Potter with 610 pages, around 35 pages an hour). With an audiobook you don’t have to concentrate on the written word, and here comes a disadvantage, with an audiobook: it isn’t easier to be distracted. There is no dead-tree evidence to guilt you into concentrating; you need will power and certain skills to do so (more on skills in Part 2/3).
I woke up and remember looking at the clock… It was only 10:30? They had said I may not be awake until close to eleven. I looked over and my mom kept trying to tell me this nonsense that my ACL was not torn anymore. And I thought… well duh, they just cut open my whole knee to fix it. I kept asking her how my ACL was okay, and she said the surgeon walked in the waiting room only an hour after he had started and had asked my parents, “Do you believe in miracles?” When they said yes, and he replied, “Well, good because that’s the only way I can explain this.” He told them that when he went in, my ACL was COMPLETELY healed. He said he has never seen anything like it in all of his years of performing ACL surgeries.. which he’s been around for awhile. All of the graphs, MRI, and all tests showed that I had definitely torn my ACL. Just looking at the pictures from my MRI, you could tell that it was completely gone. Not a single doubt. Just a quick anatomy lesson: The Anterior Crucial Ligament is physically uncapable of healing on its own. It is literally impossible… outside God that is. I guess after coming off the medicine I asked like a thousand times how that was possible, and my mom just kept saying it was a God thing… it was so amazing. (MIRACLE #3)
The wind is blowing HARD today.....second day in a row of it here in West Texas! But, it is March, after all. What else would we expect???
To sum up, despite some of its disadvantages, silicone cookware is becoming more widely available in specialist cookware shops and on the internet and thanks to brightly coloured, intuitive and imaginative designs, more and more modern kitchens around the world are embracing the colour revolution.
Well on to a project I created with a new cart I picked up a couple of weeks ago. Life's a Party, as I was flipping through the handbook I saw this cut and I knew it was perfect for the pictures we took at the zoo last summer. Lol (can you tell I used a new sticky sticky mat).
Grease a 1.5 liter terrine or loaf tin, then line with plastic wrap leaving enough overhanging to cover the ice cream, place in the freezer to chill.
And while I didn’t get a picture of the inside of the church, I did get a picture of the church bells. They rang at noon, so at least I got to hear the church bells. And here’s an interesting tidbit of information: the church (which is still an active church) was named a minor basilica by Pope Paul VI in 1976.
thou shalt be as one of the fools in israel
Hmm....not bad...
I said in earlier posts that, as part of my quest to learn to like Belgian beers, I'd give Celis White another shot, since I probably haven't had one in 12 or so years. Well, I bought a sixer from Grapevine Market, but nope ... I just don't like it. The problem isn't the Belgianness — as I've established over the past couple of weeks, I've learned to like Belgian styles. No, the problem is that Celis White is a wheat beer. And I'll probably have the same bunch of friends ride my ass for unilaterally stating that I do not like wheat beers (just like I did with Belgians), but it's just a fact: I don't like wheat beers. And this tasting of Celis confirmed it.
Eastern Bluebird 2
Now Michael has to be at work at 6am tomorrow to open the store at 7am, and sell UK Champs tshirts, and then go to the midnight showing of Titanic with me. :)
By the time I wrote my query to Jenny, I felt like I knew her. The letter I wrote to her was more personal and more reflective of my writing style than any of the others. But still, before I pressed, 'Send,' I almost chickened out. Jenny Bent was totally out of my league. As other agents had pointed out my one little local newspaper column wasn't a big enough platform. This was my first book, and many authors never get their first book published.
That’s my paraphrase, of course. What Jesus actually said was much worse. If you want to be my disciple, you have to hate your family, take up your cross, count the cost, give up everything—real crowd-pleasing stuff.
Until the house sleeps
I haven’t seen “Page One” but I plan to. One thing you can tell from the review and from promotion the film is receiving is that one of its themes is the importance of the Times' survival. Here are parts of the review picking up on that:
Oh, and let me know what you think about what’s already there.
1 matters
Me:”So what’s your name?”
Anais Mitchell- The Brightness From my good old State of Vermont, Anais Mitchell is a brilliant, and uniquely voiced folk singer, who I do have an autographed CD from. She is really sweet and has a great attitude in everything that she does, and never fails to take chances with her songcraft. Keep inspiring us Anais! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOsGZ1LMIp4
As a Christian by conviction, I have been reminded not to cast the first stone as when Jesus Christ forgave an immoral lady instead of condemning her to death for adultery.
a session in Kansas City circa 1980. Blackwell opted not to do anything with them because he said he'd have to spend too much money to market them while eager Jamaican acts were a dime a dozen.
Since our first lesson with Heather last month, we've been trying to work on exercises to increase Granite's hind quarter strength. Heather told me to try to ride him from his butt (channel my lower level dressage days). She also has us trotting, one walk stride, trotting to try to help him not dive into his downward transitions. We've been working laterally into corners when we ride the diagonal to change direction. She also pointed out my weakness in my left hand that is causing weakness throughout my horse's left side (major fail on my part). So, I've been doing extra reps at the gym on my left arm and consciously exaggerating my left hand to keep it UP when I'm riding. I've also been working disproportionately to the left during my rides to help Granite gain the strength that I've screwed him out of.
It is a new image for me, first time playing with it, I won in a challenge.
“An eternal condemnation of England’s quest for profit”
Citing Montex and other cases, the ECJ held that goods placed under a suspensive procedure cannot infringe EU IP rights: they infringe only if they are put on sale in the EU. Concerning the risk of fraudulent diversion, the ECJ noted that customs authorities, in order to detain goods, do not need proof that goods have already been sold, offered for sale, or advertised to EU consumers, it being sufficient that there be material such as to give rise to suspicion. Moreover, it clarified Montex by stating that it is sufficient that, for example, the destination of the goods is not declared or there is no precise or reliable information as to the identity or address of the manufacturer or consignor of the goods, or there is lack of cooperation with customs authorities or documents suggesting the risk of diversion. In Case C-495/09, the ECJ affirmed that national courts should consider relevant that it was impossible to identify the consignor of the goods in question. These examples are broad, so the main argument in favour of the control of goods in external transit (that it is sufficient for counterfeiters to declare a goods under a suspensive procedure, as right holders argued) no longer appears substantiated. The only limit is that a suspicion of risk of fraudulent diversion must be based on facts and not be abstract, so that the ECJ ensures that legitimate international trade is not hindered, even by a temporary detention. Moreover, concerning goods suspected of infringing IP rights in the country of destination, the ECJ noted that customs authorities may cooperate with the customs authorities of third countries under Article 69 TRIPS.
In your dreams you saw a steady state, a bounty for eternity
Dr. Logan placed the sheet of paper down
I've tried this before but unfortunately it was in the wrong colour. It provides great coverage and keeps skin matte all day long. I'd love to repurchase it in the right colour as it was a lovely foundation.
has now been long forsaken
born: 1848
There is an App for everything. Just today I sent Bob an email about Author Apps. His reply, “I don’t know what to do with the apps I have. Too many apps. App saturated.”
to the deepest desire to love someone til the world ends
Indoors, Todd has been working on his dissertation and recovering from a tumble on his bicycle...
I was being led by a nurse into what I knew to be some sort of mental institution. Coming to some double doors there was a woman cleaner coming the other way, and I stepped back to let her through. Someone behind remarked, "Would you believe that?"
However today I was stopped in my tracks as I read in Genesis 2:18:
Since 1970 the budget for black education was raised by about 30% per year, every year. More than any other government department.
there were cuddles to begin the day
“We are gonna pick out a weekend and name it Son-In-Law Day.”
Since the Ring will be made using the same material of the Hemisphere gluing it with Epoxy will not be as problematic as it was with the PVC. Moreover the ring will be cut using by laser cutting, so the positions of the holes will be precise and the holes will match perfectly with the Spikes.
The headline is certainly a grabber: "Derby Shocker: Does Your Mint Julep Contain GMOs? Most Kentucky bourbon is made with genetically modified corn. We’ll tell you what to buy instead."
Charlie Joiner: 750 catches, 12,146 yards, 65 TDs
Both albums I purchased are from the boy band SHINee. The one on the left is their 2nd album repackage which is called "Hello" and on the right their first album repackage "Amigo". Second picture is the back of the album
There are some in the Dawg Nation who feel that perhaps Mr. Boykin should keep these thoughts to himself. That maybe he should speak with his actions during the game rather than Tweet with his fingers the week before. I can understand this line of thinking. After all, I consider myself a fairly humble and soft-spoken guy. But what I’m not is an 18-20 year-old football player who’s just spent most of the year preparing for a moment that is less than a week away. I don’t want players, especially on defense, who are, like me, humble and soft-spoken. I want napalm-pissing, concertina wire-chewing, mean sumbitches who say what they mean and then show everyone how much they mean it.
17 Tbsp Honey
Nancy Sit Ka Yin
That would get me pretty much to my goal weight. I am not sure I told you guys how God orchestrated a situation with the owner of the gym... I have been going since last August and just loving it! Well, the owner Lori, approached me asking me if I would be interested in managing their Facebook page. Putting up posts, announcements, etc and in exchange I would receive a free membership for myself & my family! WOOHOO! God is sooo good :)
HIS MERCY,….
The substantive change to the agreement is negligible. The major change has been to bury key details in less direct language and disperse that key information piecemeal across more clauses. This may make key details less obvious to inexperienced authors until they have accepted the agreement but doesn't address the problems. Will Dymocks heed the continuing criticism and make real changes? Steve Rossiter reports that Michael Allara of D Publishing has promised to release another amended contract in the coming days. Until then, I think that authors would be wise to avoid D Publishing.
I had told him earlier in the evening about my troubles with Monty: the accident, my bone deep fears, the grandmother buying him a car, Monty moving in with his father. As we drove back to town that morning, a news story about a teen getting killed in a car accident that night caught my ear. As I reached over to turn it up he said, “It happened in the western part of the island”. He knew without me saying a word….
Several years later Tania's story begins to unravel and questions arise about who Tania Head really was. She never divulged Dave's last name. No one had ever met his parents. The dog she supposedly owned had never been seen by her 9/11 friends. The one person who had questioned something about Tania's story at one time had been cut out of the Survivor's group entirely.
Or her desire for June and evening, tipped
I want to get them started and then encourage them to find their own voices and styles and passions... and to keep going!
Cash – $54.20
So president Obama finally admitted what we all pretty much assumed which is that he is in favor of same-sex marriage. It's a mainstream Democratic position and his reluctance always seemed fairly inauthentic. This is a very good thing, especially in light of the vote last night in North Carolina. Leadership is important and it was long past time he spoke out. It's a historical moment and one worth savoring.
He stared intensely at me like a snake, so I gave his beard a tug to snap him out of it.
Everybody knows about this study. I learned about it in high school and several college classes. So, knowing this information, what do you suppose happens when we tell kids “This is a fact, thin kids are better than fat kids.”
Stamps: Unity Stamp Co and Papertrey Ink
Get a taste of something too bitter to swallow,
Above his changing table was a mobile made of origami cranes. Every time I changed his diaper, I would give the mobile a swing, and the paper cranes would swoop and swirl above his head. Jack made up a sign for “bird” that let me know he wanted to see his birds, or any bird for that matter. It was a little wave of the wrist, hand held high, and he did it OFTEN.
“Well done,” I said, trying hard not to stare at his shoes.
You're a teaser, you turn 'em on
Date: 3/14/2012 at 8 A.M.
Why do I love back lit scenes so? They intrigue me for some reason but are a bear to paint. I kept going over the dogs, trying to get some detail even though I couldn't see much from my original photo.
dodging the loose floorboards that might give away my presence.
The same works for a business owner. Experiment with a new process or service with a particular customer in mind. The customer will appreciate how you tried, without being asked, to better meet their needs, and you’ll become “that guy.”
Your response must be between 33 and 333 words.
It’s been a while since I blogged but I’ve been busy writing another article. This time I’ve chosen to write about The Woodwose and the Green Man, which are two separate entities that are not to be confused with each other. If you’d like to read it you can find it here.
The fundamental structure of social upheaval is not linguistic, and it is not iconic. It is bodily, in all that entails: how we run, how we get turned around, how we stumble, how we sweat, how we leak. It is indexed, not to programs but to these things called us. It is as messy and incoherent as these fleshy days of ours always are. It just brings that to the fore. That is its tremendous specificity.
Love and Prayers
No excuses here just facts, hope no one leaves my blog and I appreciate your patience and cherish your wonderful friendship..Hope you enjoy this little poem I wrote a while back..
The young birds are chirping in the nest;
James Alonzo Hines of the 11500 block of Young Road was charged with aggravated battery with a deadly weapon, an arrest report said. Hines, who a witness said was bloodied in the brawl, was jailed and later released. No other arrests occurred.
I hope Santa was good to everyone this year and you got lots of crafty goodness in your stockings ;0)
All of the iPads for Missions 3 and 4 have been delivered, we have some iPosts to get written, and we will. It's been a bit of a slow start to getting Mission 5's rocket off the launching pad, but if you have seen my MRI or the photo of Heather's toe on Facebook, well...I think you will understand that we both (and I am smiling as I type this) are still committed to this, we are just making sure we pace ourselves, know what I mean?
So please sign the petition which I have linked to on the left. If you’d like the HTML for the sidebar widget, send me an e-mail. It won’t happen this year, but one day it will.
When Rio de Janeiro won the bid last October to host the 2016 Summer Games, thousands of jubilant Brazilians danced on Copacabana Beach and the news made headlines around the world. Chicago’s failed bid for the same games reportedly cost that city about $100 million. Why do countries place so much value on hosting the Olympics or similar mega sporting events?
There I go again,
Do the same things with your homes exterior. If you hang outdoor Christmas lights every year then do it this year too. Simple is best. The lights to trim the home and a lovely Christmas wreath. Maybe leave the wooden statues of the Nativity scene or all 8 reindeer for your next home, next Christmas. They are show stopping for sure… but we don’t want to take away from the exciting exterior features that will bring home buyers in. And remember, if they are showing the home during the day, the lit up statues aren’t on. So they have little to know effect and can be not so eye catching. But rather, just a mess of wires.
remember, there is blood in a sister's shoe.
I am terrified to descend into self pity, but I’m finding it so hard suddenly.
Did I mention that all DMV employees are shielded with some thick plexi-glass (probably bullet proof) so no one has access to them. There were 3 employees directing "line traffic" and telling people where they could and could not stand. I was given a strict lecture on how I did not choose the best way to enter a line. That's my tax dollars at work, yikes! 3 hours later my car was registered and I was a California driver.
24"H by 54"W, on panel.
“I wish it were that simple, Lisa. I’m afraid your blurry vision and lack of ability to focus is due to macular degeneration. Are you familiar with this disease?”
My Fall Friendship Swap partner was Angela from Kentucky. Angela sent me a box full of goodies and a sweet note. I think my favorite thing was all the fun fall leaves that she put inside - I can't wait to re-purpose those in the living room!! Here are a couple pics!
At the library this week, Marcus asked to get some books out about aliens.
Corporations are not People - True, they are a legal fiction that management hide behind so they can blame their actions on the Share Holders. I have more than a few problems with the legal fiction of the corporation. I understand the need to sell shares to capitalize, and the benefit to investing, that's the good side of a corporation. The bad side is the way they get used. The company builds a product they know is faulty, but they do it anyway because the potential profits outweigh the potential costs of lawsuits, and there is no personal liability - so why not. Small corporations operate in a fraudulent manner, file bankruptcy, fold up, and start over with a new name and the same criminal practices.
Almost beautiful enough for me to forget the fact that I’ve still got five miles ahead of me.
KQR
The city website states that there are 9600 residents in the O’fallon neighborhood and 3,131 total housing units.
Below is one video starring titled “American Idle”, starring Hank Terlaje, a soon-to-be former GSA employee and Congressional hearing witness:
12. What do you wish you’d done more of?
Fancy this: You're rushing through the London rain-late to your appointment, getting soaked and cursing your luck-when suddenly you find yourself in a wholly unfamiliar place chatting with a crazy old man by the name of Cosimo. He not only knows everything about you but claims to be your great-grandfather. And then, before you know it, you are hurled into the midst of an unlikely adventure involving the hidden dimensions of the universe.
She has never been on the cover of a magazine, and most likely never will. But she IS beautiful! She doesn't color her hair, wear makeup (with the exception of maybe mascara 3 times a year) or own any designer clothes. But this woman has made hundreds of pies from scratch, made thousands of healthy meals for her husband and children (at times with quite limited supplies) and folded tens of thousands of loads of laundry. She has driven countless miles toting her children to and from piano lessons, dance lessons, sports practice and church youth group. She has taught her three children how to read, write, balance a checkbook, prepare dinner, plant a garden, and generally how to be confident, well rounded human beings. She is now helping to teach most of these things to her eight grandchildren. She has been faithful, loving and devoted to her husband (my Dad) for over 35 years.
….and the Writing on the Wall.
And it’s set on Christmas, too, so it’s appropriate for the month! It starts off with a bright, sunny field of flowers and a little girl playing, because that’s not discordant with the rest of the movie…but then she gets kidnapped, because her father lets her play in random patches of woods far, far away from any supervision, like a good parent. Oh, wait, I mean like a TERRIBLE parent who deserves to be locked up for negligence! And if you didn’t get it this time, this same scene will be replayed at least two more times throughout the film. Not for any real reason or anything, but because the filmmakers simply have no other substance, so they just keep showing the same garbage over and over again to pad out the runtime like the lazy assholes they are.
All Heather's life, her mother (Celeste Holm) has wanted her to be a great singing star, and after Heather's college graduation, things finally start falling into place. Then, trouble. You see, while she's been getting ready for her big debut, Heather has been working as a secretary for Harlan Wycliff (George Hamilton). He's a young, rich, "reasonably attractive" genius. He has an IQ of 195 and an ego to match. Nevertheless, for reasons that are never fully explained, he and Heather fall in love, get carried away, fight, and break up - mostly within 24 hours. A few weeks later, Heather discovers that she's having his baby.
But this morning I began to wonder if other people - my friends, my coworkers, other parents, whomever - feel the same things every once in a while. There's no need to raise your hand, I already know that the answer is yes. Sometimes, when we look superficially or even way down deep in the darker places, we simply don't like what we see. I am no psychologist, but I do sometimes wonder what it is that makes us pine for what we don't have and criticize our own decisions and circumstances, instead of being comfortable in our own skins and psyches. Perhaps we were severely criticized or shamed when we were children. Perhaps we received negative feedback about our appearance or our behavior that was so severe that we have never been able to truly move past it. Perhaps we lack the self-confidence to be truly okay with who, what, and where we are. Perhaps we lack love, respect, or dignity - either from others, or most importantly, from ourselves. Maybe we don't believe that we deserve anything more than we have, that we somehow are unworthy of being loved and accepted for who we are.
4th of July
Preheat oven to 180 degrees and roast cashews, on a tray, in oven for 8 - 10 minutes before blending. Place cumin seeds in a frying pan over medium heat and cook them, stirring, for 1 - 2 minutes or until aromatic. Blend cumin seeds, toasted cashews, tomato puree, fresh coriander, garlic, coconut, garam masalada, ginger, ground coriander, paprika, and tumeric in a blender until combined and chopped. Add oil and blend, scraping down sides of blender occasionally until smooth paste forms.
My council insider said that some misgivings had already been expressed over the late licence, which could delay the application. This bit of Kennington has the tube station, but you need to walk 10 minutes towards the river to get to what would be the town centre, so it's possible the council would consider a 4am licence in a mostly residential part of the neighbourhood to be too much. I don't know what time Antic's Old Red Lion are licenced until, but their latest closing time is midnight. I'll keep my ear to the ground.
I grabbed a leftover cookie and I got to work painting. myself. on a cookie.
It's been a busy spring! We had to have a new roof...to the tune of over 12 grand!!! AKKK!!!
Lil Wayne and Shirley Caesar ” I remember Father”
I have a Raggedy Ann doll from my childhood that my Mom had made for me so this has been a long time favorite character for me. She even stitched a heart on her chest that says "I Love You." Isn't she the best Mom ever?! I remember I had a book on Raggedy Ann too so I enjoyed using reading elements on my card with the decorative paper.
The quince bush is confused by the harum-scarum winter we've been having ( or maybe not having would be more truthful) and is putting out tender new buds.
Hey ho, grab a spoon and a cuppa of your favourite brew - it's most likely going to be another wet one!
Unfortunately I can't show you what can only be described as the coolest cakes we have ever made for a celebrity (you'll have to tune in to the show tonight for that reveal). My next two picks went to the Lady Gaga cake, if for no other reason that it was for Lady Freak'n Gaga (!!!) and Matt Preston's surprise birthday cravat cake.
appearance, but in my inner being, where peaceful presence resides for
Bear-ly Naked Cabaret is sponsored by:
There is still a long way to go for Burma: The military appoints fully 1/4 of the members of each house of Parliament and remains firmly in control even as Burma remains deep in poverty. But there has been movement and it is a reminder that change is possible: A year ago, you could be arrested for holding a portrait of Aung San Suu Kyi. Now she's in parliament. And that's good news.
Stamps: Lovely as a Tree, Because I care
Oh my God, Yes.
There was a certainty about the process that guaranteed a smooth path after the Prime Minister of the day gave his assurances. “Consultants” had to be paid to arrange meetings with the PM and other officials, but that’s life in Barbados and the Caribbean in general.
First things first, I needed more containers. After the onslaught of "Pinterest Pantries" out there, I made it my mission to find affordable containers. Considering the ones I wanted cost $20 A PIECE, and I needed a lot. So if I were to buy the 20 large containers I wanted at $20 each and the 20 small containers I wanted at $10 each, this pantry would have cost me $600. Goodness gracious!
Take care of your property (constantly) and it will be good to you!
So, where was I? Oh yeah, so Nikki and Hal are now in the well. Hal reaches toward Nikki, and she grabs his hand, but then the movie goes abruptly back to the mansion. Hal and Nikki were magically transported inside, where Kit tries to convince Nikki that it's safe because they're inside the house. Oh, and Muffy freaks out Nan by bringing her a glass of water. When Muffy is asked where the guns are stored, she replies that there aren't any. Great. Maybe they can defeat the killer with joy buzzers and whoopie cushions!
Ever since Facebook spent 1 billion to acquire Instagram, it seems everyone must do a post on it. I'm pretty sure that if you have a photoblog and don't do an Instagram post, then you are automatically chosen to represent your district in the reaping. Since my archery skills aren't what they were at my 12th birthday party, I'm afraid I'm going to have to do a post.
You'll eat a bite of oatmeal or sweet potatoes here and there, but it MUST be heated up. You even prefer your fruit to be warmed. You have a very picky palatte. You really prefer 'real' food over anything. We're not really following the "Food before one is just for fun." but you seem to think it's a good idea. We let you eat when you want to eat. But we don't have "meals" for you. I'm your meals 100%. But we are letting you explore different foods, textures, and flavors.
There is a fever found in fortune favoured, of an eye looking inward, exploring landscapes of endless insight; at once both myopic for the immediate, yet open to the eternal; discovered, unearthed in a deluge of dreams, this is the place visited in somnolence.
Assalamualaikum.
* Can garnish each serving with 1 T. chopped cilantro or 1 chopped green onion.
In the next few days, the state plans to ask the High Court of Justice to postpone the scheduled demolition of 30 homes in the Ulpana outpost.
with dirty strips of brownish, black hair stuck between the cracks
Interested scholars should submit the following by 15 July 2012 (soft copies):
and assure that it is not sticking to the bottom or sides and scorching as it cooks.
Secondly, it's got a ton of real, pureed blackberries and blueberries in it so this is a beer your non-beer loving gal (if you're unfortunate enough to have one of those) will actually like. And did I mention it has a high alcohol content? You know what I'm talkin' 'bout! That's right, fist pump. Come on now! If that bow chicka bow wow plan somehow fails epically there's a backup use for the high ABV. We already know it will dull the pain of the inevitable skate injuries, but it will also dull the "pain" of this chick flick if you just aren't man enough to open your mind to it. So have another!
Our mass effort on this day will be the trigger that will activate the plan so that it may come to its fruition. Our visualization on that day is our declaration of freedom and independence. Make this viral! Share it worldwide!
~Jelly Bean 4.26.12
2 sting
Ritually inspired homicides and other heinous crime spring from this seedbed.
"I don't understand. You said she was rubbish."
The fact that you are born a prince does not mean you will become a king. They say there is no royal road to success. The elders will tell you; princes have become slaves before because they fail to work.
So what to do with all this new found time on my hands? Well I decided that 2012 will be a year full of growth for Abracadebra Designs. There is so much more I want to do with my beading, my Zibbet shop, and this blog, too. What little free time I have had has been spent on Pinterest (which I have become addicted to) and I am amazed at all the craftiness and creativity out there. I am truly in awe of the beautiful creations posted there daily. So for 2012 my resolution is simply to stop looking and start Learning and Growing and DOING. It is absolutely amazing how much can be accomplished in a short time, and if you don't believe me, just ask my niece, Isabelle.
Far from the hills he loved, he faced the night,
Huge Asshat is not as excited but they're happy they're having a baby together.
In Acts 9:6, the message from the Lord from Heaven was, “Arise, and go into the city, and it shall be told thee what thou shalt do.” The first step is to go to Damascus. Then, the Lord would give him the next step. He was to walk by faith; not by sight.
Scribbling simple math equations is nothing new. People across the nation are calculating what money is coming in and what is going out. They are looking at the numbers and wondering how to make more, save more, buy more, and pay off more. Or how to have more money left at the end of the month rather than more month left at the end of the money.
Still, that tempting topic will have to be left for another week. Instead, I’m going to have to clear up the confusions surrounding a bit of jargon popular in the current peak oil blogosphere. That process is more than a little reminiscent of fishing scrap metal out of a swamp; in the present case, the word that needs to be hauled from the muck, hosed off, and restored to its former usefulness, is “resilience.”
Not as bad as the broken seat, but this stand still bugs me.
Over the two decades of heavy-handed rule by the PPP, some citizens have buckled under pressure because of the constant and deliberate stress meted out to Linden and New Amsterdam particularly. Stress is a disease causing entity and the PPP has deliberately found new and creative ways to pressure these communities, literally run them out of town and make them crawl like side-line puppies to get crumbs from the table.
I asked Andrea Roberts, founder of Reece's Rainbow if she knows if Robyn has been transferred. She said that it is extremely likely that she has been transferred, given her age.
Hello Dolly! Dollish Polish is run by none other than Dolly herself! Dolly is yet another blogger turned nail polish creator (see a pattern?), and is one of the sweetest women you will ever speak with. Her polishes cover a wide variety of types - cremes, jellies, chunky glitter, regular glitter, and effect top coats.
The arrests are part of “Operation Red Harvest“, the 18 month investigation that started in 2010, and resulted in the arrests of several members of the motorcycle group, the Hells Angels. This search was one of eleven search warrants executed in Horry and Georgetown counties.
If you have a blog, why don’t you consider blogging about this project as you go? Then we can have a linky party at the end of the month and see how everyone did with their files! If you would like to blog about this challenge, here is a button for you:
Yes, it's not quite a juice, but more of an apple flavored water, and the before mentioned 3 year old LOVES it. And much healthier than normal juice!
This month saw me back in Sydney, with my family this time, for my middle brother Rhy's wedding to Amy. It was a rather busy but enjoyable week. Once again I got to catch up with some old friends but also got to spend some quality time with the family. Like all our trips there were ups and downs but on the whole it was a great trip.
This afternoon I had my fifth session of boot camp, and our intrepid instructor Chad had all kinds of fun in store for us today.
Time to move on, time to get going
In a couple days, I'm flying (that'll make approximately 73 hours on planes in the past 5 months) back to the big M-N. Part of me is totally ready to get back, move in on campus, do normal student things, and live a regular (and SCHEDULED!) life.
Here's the cheeks in action, and you can't tell from the picture, but she has a dimple on her left cheek! Sweet!
Let’s put this into perspective here:
They are very impatient these budgies.
— Brian
4) As a result, I will be able to do my job without worrying about what people at work are saying about me. I will be able to build good relationships with colleagues.
Really, out of all the words in the English language I strung together in this situation, "It was in my pocket?!" Ugh, #wordvomit
* Computers
“If Eskinder were standing here, he’d accept this award, not just as a personal honour, but on behalf of all Ethiopian journalists who toil under withering conditions today: Those who went into exile over the years… those in prison with whom he now resides,” she said.
Heavy and strongly flavored, this beer may not appeal to those of a sensitive palette.
Where is that show? Where is the realism that reminds civilians that we're no different from them, we're no less eclectic and human and prone? Why is our one hope at a realistic portrayal of our complex lives handed off to a "reality" show that has forgotten not all service members are men, not all milspouses are women, and wants to know "What 4 other wives would you love or hate to see join the cast for this show? (Think great television!)"?Also, I'm not feeling it when the group responsible for casting the show is military-stupid enough to call the different services "divisions."
Our very first challenge when the Founding Femmes, Shar and Ali, started was a color challenge to celebrate the new blog and its name. It seems fitting that we finish with the same colorful challenge! So let's get to it!
and the simple joys that you had known
But this morning at 7~Oh boy..yeah, that was so fun, lol. I feel so OLD today! The lack of sleep, combined with the errands that had to be ran all day long with all 6 kids in tow..it was a tough, tough day! The kids felt the effects of lack of sleep as much as I did and being out and about wasn't on their to do list. Emotions ran high by all of us and when the evening came and we were finally back at home our couch, our pj's and the quite time was the highlight of the evening :). It was good to be home and to rest these now..*sigh*..old bones. :P
In practice we don't adhere absolutely to this, but exceptions are few. Our routine is to meet arriving customers in the baggage claim area, greet them, and either walk directly to the car or wait for their baggage.
Ice is applied for 20 minutes, 30 minutes without ice to warm it up, then reapply the ice for 20 minutes, like a pumping action to bring new blood in the effected area.
I don’t enjoy texting just for the sake of it. So when someone texts me with boring conversation, I just don’t want to respond. I loveee text conversations when a guy makes me laugh, like literally laugh! If I’m in public and I get a funny message and I embarrass myself by laughing out loud, those are the types of messages I like to get. Or texts that make me smile. I don’t need some guy projecting his negative energy onto me. It’s draining and not fun at all.
Stamps: Great Canadian Stamps 'Happy Birthday" (the other sentiment is computer-generated)
We get lots of requests each week. We don’t have any free songs to download, but if you want to make a request, send it through the website – www.70SaturdayNight.com – with over 3000 songs, it’s a good bet we’ll have it. If we don’t, odds are we can get it! Click on the banner at the top of the page to go to the show!
Good luck Flying Pigs!
The intangible factors we Britons deem so important such as the feel of the property, the light, the space and the view were unknown concepts in the villages prior to our arrival. Our dogmatic quest for these indefinable, unmeasurable and frankly superficial factors was nothing more than a reflection of our relatively luxurious lives back in the UK. For those selling, however, life had always been about survival. A property was valued solely for its efficiency and production potential. The rural population gasped as these ambiguous factors resulted in unimaginable offers for houses previously deemed worthless.
People’s First Demonstration
Their sons died while they were boys,
When God gets a hold of a man, he doesn’t merely tinker with him, making him cuss less and smile more. When God saves a man, he looses him to destroy sin and bless his family, church, and society. Christian men are not normal men who sleep less on Sunday and wear Dockers with no creases. Christian men are transformed men, other-worldly men, residents of a new kingdom, servants of a great king…
1. Photo Shoots.
While he was travelling around collecting material for his book Cos often stayed with the Davies family in Johannesburg. John Davies was the Anglican chaplain at the University of the Witwatersrand, and his wife Shirley was an active member of the Black Sash, a women’s group that also campaigned for human rights. Their children, Mary, Mark and Elizabeth, also appear with Cos in some of the pictures below.
"Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could be any different"
This article is largely about worst case scenarios, so let's employ the same approach for Pakatan Rakyat.
a 250g tub of mascarpone cheese
Even for non-Hispanic readers, I would strongly recommend this book and others of Garcia Marquez and his fellow writers of the “Magic Realism” movement, which I mentioned in a previous post. Inspired on our mixed heritage of Spanish Catholicism, Indigenous and African mythology, they weave a tale of people who are continually influenced by magical powers around them in their everyday life. This is not the story of one exceptional magical family or group of people like Harry Potter. In this novel, as in other books of this movement, magic is around every one of us all and influences every creature, great and small, in ancient and modern life alike. The impossible and irrational is as real and accepted as any everyday activity, and treated with as much surprise.
Rounding out the chase cards are several exciting sets including:
Ask my heart to stop
into the land of origami where the
You are looking at scarcely cooked beet slices, topped with mandolined raw white turnip and radishes. There is a scattering of almost-pink vegetal matter on top, really yummy. Ready? OK, it's chopped raw stems from red chard. Try it!
What I do remember is me and another little girl playing in a shallow rivulet beside a large river, while the grownups chatted nearby or perhaps prepared a picnic. “Now let's run into the big river”, my companion challenged me. We held hands and ran. She let my hand go. I kept on running.
12/2 Lacrosse, WI Warehouse
We started off the semester doing a lot of continuous line work which is just what it sounds like. You draw the outlines of everything with one continuous line without picking up your pencil.
How to clarify butter:
Personally, I think that this is looking to be like a good cinematic experience. My only issue is that from the trailer, it looks like a whole bunch of “material” is going to be squished into the movie and I am keeping my finger-crossed that the script writers did a great job incorporating all that material together.
-Spatula
Which leads me to a particularly appalling piece of drivel I found in Fast Company last week. Over the years, Fast Company has been one of the leading sources of nonsense about advertising. It's nice to see they haven't lost their touch.
Previously I had some of their output on LP (…for you youngsters, this is like a big black CD…) and on CD only the famous blue and red compilations. So owning some more on CD, with all the extended booklets, is quite nice.
September 22
Clydz is the best place for a fancy, sexy dinner. If we are talking about more of a casual night with amazing people, go to Harvest Moon.
I am guessing this is mostly for the sake of the surprise factor on Christmas morning, but it reminds me of the Friends episode
Ways to celebrate:
5. I saw a person in a Smart Car driving stupid, and it made me think that if I sold a product called 'Smart' anything, I'd want to ensure that the interested consumer actually qualified as 'smart' first in order to maintain the integrity of my product once they were turned loose with it!
Our love would be the light that engulfs us, capturing the moment that will soon pass.
For a very low price, I found this small, lightweight remote that I can carry on my key chain. It was very simple to program with our Craftsmen door opener. (red/orange button models only!) The range is pretty good, too. I stop my bike out on the road to open the door, before riding up the incline of my driveway and never have an issue with the signal. Compared to paying the price of a name brand, full size remote, this is an amazing bargain.
In addition to the lower sodium content, they've added whole grain pasta to many soups and they've reformulated several Pepperidge Farm items as well. You can now get whole grain goldfish without artificial colors and flavors too, for example. I was impressed with the variety of healthier options offered.
I'll give you my most recent three. From The Untied Kingdom:
So this list......seems long. So I will be praying that God will open my heart to HIS and give me posts about them to share with you. There is a lot swirling around in this head, and I hope that it can uplift you! To help you find JOY in whatever situation you are in right now.
Well, I know what it needs, and where to add story line. I even know how to insert the love interest. I just need to find a little - - well, lets quit lying to myself. Find a lot of time to fully concentrate on what I now consider filling in the basic outline. (Don’t laugh at me plotters; I can still consider this "revising a pantsters first draft.")
Stranglers Walk on by UK
Sort of the final nail in the coffin of my upbringing, that Republican bit there.
With all these different colors, God makes a painting; with all these notes and noises, God forms a chorus. All the churches of the world, in particular their members, those who follow Jesus and give themselves to him, are all part of the same effort and the same result: making the truth and glory of God known, no matter what else may be happening around them. What one member and one church can’t do, another can. What one member and one church does well, another struggles. But together they make the Church, the Body of Christ, and together we show the world who Jesus is, what a wonderful work he’s done, what he’s about, and what it is to know his grace and truth, his power and beauty.
It opens wide its arms.
All in all a good move, giving the drinks trade more flexibility in the current market is not a negative move & can only be good for the industry.
But Now they are facing extinction which is not good. If we cut trees we loose our life in near future.
The waist is going to have 1cm ease which will be split equally between the back and the front of the skirt block - so 0.25cm either side of the block as each half of the block is a quarter of your skirt.
“It might not look like there’s a fluidity to the game, but I think we were able to get through,” he said. “We’re just happy to start off with a win.”
“I would rather sit on a pumpkin and have it all to myself, than be crowded on a velvet cushion” Henry David Thoreau
I'm the same as the old ones expect that I'm free
This challenge is not original either. I got the idea to link up with Courtney over at Women Living Well. I saw where she talked about humming while doing the dishes and I thought to myself, "I need to share with the ladies how I love washing dishes by candlelight while drinking San Pellegrino and listening to classical music" Hey, I like it :-)
Even though the indoor doesn't have footing yet it has a roof and walls so I took him in there to lunge him around. He seemed verrrrrry happy to be on non-slippery dirt and cantered around throwing a huge buck every time he went past the big open space where a door will be. Seemed a little stiff to the right?
My DH stayed behind long enough to see a local pick up a nice cobalt piece (the first he's ever seen on this stretch of beach) and as the waves reached further up the beach, he found a nice piece of an old Coke bottle, and a well-frosted piece of what appears to be an old ketchup bottle.
Oh and no chocolate passed our lips….. that day anyway!!
Danada Equestrian Center with gardens and manicured lawns.
· Try and remember you are in a foreign country and as such your should at least learn something of their culture/beliefs etc. this is after all your new adopted country. In Ireland is was fun learning about the pub culture J and St. Patricks day...
Slowly the story emerged. He had come half an hour late from office. tired, drained and tensed about his job and the recession which had affected many people around him. A volley of accusations, abuses and a cordless telephone hit him before he could realize what was happening. What followed was a frenzy which left him completely worn out and isolated.
But above all else, it is where we of law enforcement remember our fellow officers who gave all, and that is the true meaning of Police Week.
Today it's Daphnee's and Piper's turn to suprise you.
Within about ten seconds, one of them started doing their “Look at me! Look at me!” caws. We set off toward it, and about fifty yards ahead and a few yards to the north, got to where the crow had sounded off. There was the trail. Seriously.
Oh...am I making myself clear?
After eating Chinese food and making ourselves as beautiful as our tired limbs could handle, we left the hotel and headed for Medieval Times, which was less than two minutes away. Being in the hot sun all day at Six Flags had drained us, but we caught our second wind on the drive to the castle.
I was feeling all good for donating the 6 bags of clothing and stuff to Wings and now I feel bad for not knowing that anyone would want some stupid bottles of hotel shampoo. Point noted. I'll donate them the next time I acquire a stash. But I'm hanging on to any containers of body spray or deodorant so I can pass them out to smelly passengers on future airplane flights.
Speaking on their behalf, Pantai Jerejak assemblyman Sim Tze Tzin said the final straw for Wang was when she tried to get her pay, which had been withheld since last December, but was rebuffed.
“The season-five premiere of True Blood will have a flashback to Sookie’s childhood, and we get to see her use her powers in a deliciously evil way to embarrass a couple of playground bullies. What did they do to piss her off? They don’t pick her for their kickball team! That is a wound that burns deep forever, kids…so be nice when playing kickball!”
With all the political talk shows that saturate the airwaves and the now “major” news sources, in the a 24 hour news cycle, dumbing down their reporting and supplemental opinion being offered to the point of spoon feeding to a audience member to the point where the simple sound byte is now an actionable argument. The problem with these arguments is that they, for the most part are not based in fact or historical significance but in an effort to raise ire against the other side.
It is time to ENTER!
What about you? Do you reconnect with your sources? Have you ever landed a source as a client?
Dirty Rotten Scoundrels Film Songs
I can't think of any other memory, of any other moment in my life, that I recall so physically.
Below are some pics that accompanied a story of an ex Bulls Rugby player who chopped off the heads of three blacks in a township.
Whether or not her fans agree, Alicia Silverstone does n’t regret feeding her son baby-bird style.
Two Soweto women were shocked to come face-to-face with their alleged hijackers when they went to a police station to report the attack.
Oh to experience that freedom of being able to run around barefoot, whole long warm summers to be gone all day and get home when the street lights came on. Slumber parties, karaoke using brooms for guitars and overturned trash cans and wooden spoons to play drums. Hours spent laughing, playing, using our imaginations and having a ball.
“Wait, what?” I said, beginning to feel that that might be a fairly standard comeback to any conversation Megan was in charge of. “Tagging along to what?”
“But it does give me enough time to steal your coffee while you rant about not telling you that. I think you should send him a one word text that sums up what you’re feeling right now.”
Look for our next installment where we will discuss how our friend the monster can help you monitor your operational performance in a real-time fashion.
