Success at The Social dictates that it is best to fail fast(er) and cheap(er) and Try, Try Again till you strike the right "viral" chord (the more important pursuit).
I am often surprised and delighted by what i find.For example, I once found This Photo of my late-Mum.I had never seen it before:never knew its existance.All rather existential (albeit in a Yorkshire kind of way)
Clark, Mendelson, and Scott is a fee-charging "agency" that I began hearing about last June, and exposed on this blog as the risen corpse of fee-charger American Literary Agents of Washington Inc., a.k.a. Capital Literary Agency, a.k.a. Washington Literary Agency, a.k.a. Washington House, a.k.a. Trident Media Company/Mandrill Publishing, a.k.a. New World Media/American Bookpress (all vanity publishers).
And now, I can really feel my anger. I can feel it inside me. It is building and I know one day eventually I will have to confront him. I am not ready to do so anytime now. But one day…
Moreover, land in communal areas will not be available for sale to individuals either. Instead it will remain in communal ownership, although people living on it may in time acquire ‘institutionalised use rights' of uncertain content. Communal land will thus remain in public ownership, while land owned by foreigners who breach new conditions of title will be forfeit to the Government and is likely to end up in state ownership too.
I bought 8 bottles of cheap wine (they don't have any good tequila here) at Franprix and drank them all in one go, sitting in my apartment, in the dark.
This night is mine, and it’s only just begun
If you read one thing on this list, read this article, and then tell me what you think. Here's the first line: "TO Elisabeth Badinter, educated women who become stay-at-home moms have lost their minds." There's so much to say about this, but I'm curious to hear what you all think too. Thanks to Jillian for emailing it to me.
Overall, we liked the bang bang shrimp and would go back for that and maybe try something different, like the bang bang tacos. It's only open at night, so that kind of limits us. We like to go out to eat at lunch.
1. Cook your soba noodles according to the direction on the package. Throw dried shitake mushrooms into the hot water while noodles are cooking. Once noodles are done, drain noodles and mushrooms. Rinse noodles with cold water, and pull out mushrooms and squeeze excess water out of the mushrooms.
The paper is Portobello Road and I hand cut some bunting.
So please leave your name and email address below if you would like to be in the draw :D I will make the draw Monday night at 8.30 - Thank you so much everyone for your support ~~
Level: Easy
You’re the wreath that caught fire
Friday night started with a Reds game with my brother and dad (my mom was in Cinci for the Methodist Conference so we took the opportunity to go see a game when we went to see her). We love baseball in this family.
After dawn had come up, I fell into uneasy dreams. The main feature was Macaroni and cheese casserole and there was a deep and powerful meaning to it (like I said, weird). I don’t think I’ve had a Macaroni and cheese casserole in years. I can’t remember the details now but I do remember that they made plenty of sense. I will be cooking one for lunch today (grin). I didn’t have any fear, while this event was taking place last night. It was just a state of discomfort, with me faced off against and confronting an unknown force. It is the same kind of thing as when we are focused on using force and concentration to accomplish a complicated and technical effort. There’s a deep assurance I have in the agencies that protect me; from myself and other things external. They tend to get me thru everything, even if the ride can be a little bumpy. Enough of that. I put this out only because I am hearing from many people about similar things. This morning I received an email from a friend who was concerned about me and who wanted me to send him a ‘smoke signal’ because he was worried about me, based on something he must have been feeling. Odd, that. Like I said, enough about all that for the moment. Let’s look at what’s going on in the world around us.
Expansions – If I want the Velious expansion, it is 4300 SC, or 9700 SC for the collector’s edition. Seems a bit pricey, but I am a long way from needing that content, and if I wait long enough they might give me a free level 90 character.
My sister loves to have her picture taken. She is quick to say yes to having a photo shoot done, but as soon as you get her in front of the camera, she gets stiff. And with me, I’m still learning on how to get people comfortable enough to be in front of the camera to where I don’t have to tell them to do this and that. I know, some people just need direction. When I’m in front of the camera, I’m one of those people.
They finish at 6 inches so it's going to take me a while to get a large enough quilt for the guest room..
It is wonderful that Rauschenberg and John Cage decided one day to cover the wheels of a Model T with ink and run it over a long sheet of paper in the street. It is still a famous fact that he erased a De Kooning but did it in a way that was not offensive or juvenile. He drank whiskey, a lot of whiskey – always Jack Daniels. When he was to have an exhibition at the now defunct and worthy of study Stable Gallery (paging all grad students) in the fifties, he and Twombly had to clean out its basement themselves. In a world of Abstract Expressionism, he decided to illustrate Dante, put a tub of mud in a gallery, and make a paining out of dirt and grass (he watered it himself). And then there is this, absolutely priceless: Leo Castelli and U.S. officials had to sneak his painting into the main pavilion of the 1963 Venice Biennial at night so that the French would consider it for the prize. They did consider it, and Rauschenberg won.
This page starts off with a little example of play split by some interesting stuff. Right after the first part of the example it gets right to the heart of what a roleplaying game is. Beginning with telling you that "There are no limits" and continues with an excellent analogy comparing roleplaying to acting out a play where there is no script because you make it up as you go along. It also introduces the concepts of levels and the fact that gaining them increases your power. The second bit of the example that follows is a little gruesome with the character ending up in the bottom of a pit on top of a fallen comrade but it sets the stage quite well for what this is all about.
Now I don’t listen to the music of the rapper that apparently uses this phrase, and I don’t follow YOLO on Twitter, but I did think to myself, what a great saying for young people to be adopting. I hope they follow it through.
Brock: Don't talk like that Hank. We're going to find...
Angela Roselli
Ladies, I could go on and on. This is not about whether or not you should lose weight or improve on yourself, or about strongholds or habits you may or may not need to change. I truly believe that if you don’t understand God’s perspective of you and how to think rightly on it, then it will be impossible to change anything about yourself you need to change anyway.
Tomorrow we go to the attorney's office and sign our petition to adopt. That is all that needs to be done for them to file for our finalization court date. We also have our first post-adoption home visit by the adoption agency.
Simply and hopefully sweet!
This is what Johanne wrote me recently,
I wish everyone a very happy new year.
It all boiled down to a key point, the judges decided. “In the end, we think the board could have reasonably concluded that what the public would see, were the Board not to exclude religious worship services, is public schools, which serve on Sundays as state-sponsored Christian churches,” Leval wrote.
Another heirloom recipe, the puff-pastry Salmon Kulebiaka, arrives as a luscious filet, baked with egg, sorrel spinach sauce and topped with a brilliantly flavorful citrus-fennel slaw.Our final entree was Armenian Lamb Rack & Filet Duo with a Potato Lardon Cake, Caramelized Root Vegetables and an intense Marchand de Vin Sauce. Perfectly grilled, no seasoning was required.
This’ll be the best “Dude, What Would Happen?” episode ever. (My 10-year-old loves that show. Sorry.)
1. Back when Elvis Costello was angry. A disco spoof.
Until I’m complete and i’ll take all i will
Since I had run a full marathon several years before I thought this would be an easy goal to tackle. I was wrong. Yes, you can write that down. I was wrong. Not running -- really at all -- for seven years, gaining the weight I had lost back, and entering into my forties doesn't make for easy half-marathon training.
The news is filled with coverage of Iran as well it should be given the threat of a prison nation under the control of fanatical ayatollahs, but there is much more to know and William R. Polk has written Understanding Iran ($17.00, Palgrave Macmillan, softcover), subtitled “Everything you need to know, from Persia to the Islamic Republic, from Cyrus to Ahmadinejad.” It is a very comprehensive examination of Iran’s history and the role it played in the rise of civilization. The author was a professor of history at the University of Chicago and established the Center for Middle Eastern Studies. He has been active as an advisor to the Kennedy and LBJ administrations. Anyone who wants a deeper understanding of the history and modern events in Iran will find this book an excellent education on the subject. An older generation recalls the perils of the Cold War with the then-Soviet Union. Communism was understood to be a despotism, but a younger generation may not grasp this central fact and an entertaining and informative book about life under communism provides vivid insights. Slavenka Drakulic has authored a group of fables in A Guided Tour Through the Museum of Communism ($14.00, Penguin Books, softcover) in some ways reflects George Orwell’s “Animal Farm”, a story in which animals represent the humans living with despotism. In this book, a mouse, a parrot, a bear, a cat, a mole, a pig, a dog and a raven tell their stories of life in the Balkins under communist rule. I would recommend it to younger readers in particular, but it works just as well for older ones. Most of the world’s inhabitants life in prison nations and we need to remind and inform ourselves what that truly means.
p89 “This eternal return reveals an ontology uncontaminated by time and becoming.”
J: uhhh is it thanks giving? (or some other random holiday, I don't know what he said to be honest)
And so life goes on…
This is a particularly handsome row of houses. I love those domes, which carry on down the street, far beyond the frame of the photograph.
I pray that God might bless all your moms, grandmas, special aunts, big sisters, and special women who have helped mold and shape into the women you are today.
The trick, I'm told is to just take it slow at first because the slower you go, the faster you will eventually become.
I love this stamp set, Sense of Time but have a really hard time using it on cards. This card ended up being 4 1/4 square. On my first example, I crumpled the Creamy Caramel background cardstock and used a brad in the middle of the clock.
Except life often has a mind of its own. When, at age of forty-six, Daisy suddenly finds herself facing a very different future than the one she had planned--and an uncomfortable evaluation of the past she thought she understood--she realizes that there is still some growing up she needs to do.
STEP 4: In a food processor, fitted with a metal blade, puree the strawberry till it is smooth.
If you have already have a university or college-level education, you might find that a further level of education can help take to a much higher level. Not only can a Masters degree or PhD level take you to a higher level of compensation - depending on your industry and existing level of experience of course - it can also help to project you to more senior positions that might otherwise be unattainable. If only getting such a degree was as easy as writing about it...Certainly, attaining a Masters or PhD level degree requires a special kind of person, a dedicated career-minded individual who no doubt clearly sees the value of education.
I've been thinking a lot lately about the road life has taken. There have been beautiful highs and devastating lows. But, when I look back over the years, I see what a blessing it ALL has been. If Lance and I hadn't had the rough patches in our relationship, we wouldn't appreciate the strong and beautiful relationship that has developed between us. If we hadn't gone through infertility, we wouldn't have Caysen (and soon Beckett too, Lord willing). Let me assure you that I am so thankful for the twists and turns that led us to the blessings of adoption.
We are going to develop this place. And someone said they had a good tag line for it: “No Nothing Farm – We’ve Got It All”. Couple of the people I have been strategizing with like it. I like it. But this morning a better one came to me.
I guess I shouldn't get so worked up about it, but I have a great passion and respect for craft brewing that I expected so much more from a company that has way more money than most to put into a new beer. This is not what craft brewing or Ale's are about. In my opinion AB is trying to get their foot in the door, but it is way to late, and have failed miserably. I am offended as a craft beer drinker that they are really trying to get into this market with this kind of beer. I would guess that most will reject this kind of beer until they start doing it right.
It may seem like a dream to you (dream career, dream life, etc.) but perhaps that’s only because it’s been so long since you imagined it. May I humbly suggest that you study the blueprints of your life with the Master Designer who created them?
It was nearly 9 in the morning when I arrived at Sikandra, guide in tow, following a visit to the Taj Mahal and after negotiating horrendous traffic and road rage incidents.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a large mixing bowl, combine flour and sugar. Heat the butter in a sauce pan. Stir in cocoa powder and hot water. Bring to a boil, then remove from heat. Meanwhile, combine the buttermilk, eggs, and baking soda. Add the cocoa mixture to the flour and sugar and stir until combined. Stir in the buttermilk mixture. Add a tablespoon of vanilla. Pour into a greased jelly roll pan or a large cookie sheet with sides. Bake at 400 degrees for about 20 minutes until the center tests done. Cool on a rack.
This is a prime example of how removed from reality most fashion magazines are. A hot night in includes leggings, a Disney Princess fleece blanket, Netflix, and possibly a furry friend. I would love to see THAT on the pages of Glamour!
Here is my card for the challenges:
While making this wallpaper, I’ve stared at Ninjask’s face for so long, that I noticed it has a pretty goofy grin (the black line on the gray face part, plus the eyes), and now I cannot unsee it XD
Congratulations! Enjoy your printer!!! :)
Controversial since its inception, PAS has compelled many scholars to write articles critical of Gardner’s theory. Kelly and Johnston have been noteworthy critics of PAS, writing in their 2001 article, “The Alienated Child, A Reformulation of Parental Alienation Syndrome, ” that “PAS terminology has led to widespread confusion and misunderstanding in judicial, legal, and psychological circles” (Ref. 9, p 250). They also highlighted the lack of empirical support for PAS as a psychiatric diagnosis and the barring of PAS testimony in many courtrooms….
Gok Wan
Maidens, we are thrilled to have the amazing, Laurie London here today. She's written an exclusive teaser especially for UTC for her latest book TEMPTED BY BLOOD. So without further ado, have at it, girl!
1. Riding my bicycle. I haven’t ridden in a couple months, and even though I’m having a blast longboarding, I just don’t feel whole, as ridiculous as that sounds. It’s getting to the point where I’m looking at people biking around campus and feeling jealous that I’m not – ha. Last summer, I biked close to six miles a day for work, and this summer, I want to add another dimension: exploring SF for maybe an hour or so after work. I love biking on city streets, taking in the sights and sounds, and it’s my hope that I learn more about the areas near and far from my workplace. Who knows, maybe I’ll starting bike vlogging again. That would be neat.
NB:
One random commenter from a per-determined Trendsetter's Blog Hop Challenge post will be selected to win. You’ll have till Saturday's Release Party to comment on as many Trendsetter Blog Hop Challenge posts as possible. The more Trendsetter posts you comment on during each Blog Hop Challenge, the greater your chances of winning! Be sure to check the TSG Blog Saturday evening after 9:00pm EST to see if you're a winner!
Linda is offering all of my readers (who participated in the blog giveaway only) free shipping on any items you purchase through September using the code: MCCUMBFREE
Those who saw the photos or who were at the walk in July 2011 are likely to remember for a long time to come, the sight of him walking barefooted to the palace to deliver a memorandum after having lost his slippers in the foray of the demonstration.
Other: Stickles Stardust, Liquid pearls
At Stony Brook, he was a towering figure, always impeccably dressed in coat and tie, and with an Old World dignity and reserve, the latter reflected in the fact that, unlike all the other professors, he was known to graduate students as “Dr. Sokal”, until the students had gotten their Ph.D.’s. (There was a weekly Friday afternoon social event called the “BS”, which initials might have various meanings; officially it was the “Beer Social”, but it was rumored that it had those initials so that graduate students could refer to “Bob Sokal” before getting their degrees.) He was also superbly disciplined: on a number of occasions, a hallway conversation with him ended as we approached the elevators, because he always took the six floors of stairs down, as it was a way to regularly exercise without an interruption in his other work. But he was witty, open to discussion, and generous with his time, even for an undergraduate.
Order La Mai Coffee
As I drove away it dawned on me that prison life isn’t all that different from daily life for many people.
It all reminded me of a specific moment in time a few years ago. I was working on a show for the Edinburgh Arts festival. The show was very unique and well received overall. I called the show, “Bilingual Comedian”. What I did was – I took a foreign language, Rosetta Stone, dvd in Spanish and I created my own version of it. I created a slideshow – that I could manipulate with a clicker – which mocked a Rosetta Stone dvd. There were dirty words in there in both Spanish and English projected up on to a screen, crazy/ odd scenarios that I felt should be (and never are) covered in “learn a language” dvds. It was good. It was interesting. I was PROUD of that show. It was well reviewed, most people really enjoyed it and told me so. I worked my ass off on it. So, much so that I was literally changing and replacing slides while I was performing the show. For example, if I thought something didn’t work well the night before, I ran home, opened up the document, created a new slide, replaced it, etc, and then tried the new slide out that night.
Dinosaurs
“Genesis” is an absolutely addictive track that transports your body and mind to a whole new level. The layered vocals on this track truly enhance this delightful dreamscape visionary song. “Genesis” is arguably the best song of 2012 and easily one of the year’s Top 10 songs. Listening to this song, it’s easy to understand why Grimes is so mesmerizing.
And the theme for the first fortnightly April challenge is 'The Man, The Myth, The Legend - Tim Holtz'. I love Tim Holtz products so for this challenge we want to see you use at least one Tim Holtz product. Just upload your project and let us know in your post what Tim Holtz product(s) you have used.
4. Search for books with “May” in the title. What titles did you found? Select one from the library. Do you know how to do a book search from the library’s online listing? Tell about any “May” books you’ve read. For example: I recently read May B. by Caroline Starr Rose. It is written in verse, a type of poetry. Have you ever read a book in verse? May B is a historical novel about a girl abandoned on the Kansas prairie.
This week I managed a total of two miles. Yikes! However, silver living and all that, I do believe that having almost a week off due to the weather has helped ease up my shoulder a little. I basically have a right shoulder that sounds like a cement mixer filled with gravel when I move it. I'm fairly certain running doesn't help it that much but am not about to stop. I know my weekday running has been slightly sporadic of late but I still usually manage a decent mid length run every weekend so have not really had much time off this year.
stillworth knowing.
To shine me with is now fade out
I love you Lilly...forever, and for always. That's one of the few things that are sure in my life.
For those who are unfamiliar-- Eddie "Son" House Jr (born March 21, 1902, probably in Lyon, Mississippi), was a great Delta blues singer and guitarist who recorded one session for Paramount Records in 1930, and was recorded again in 1941 for the Library of Congress by traveling folklorist Alan Lomax.
riding veins, that run
one another.You can endow your mate with gifts and also spend quality time and
arguments and see the criminal justice system at work.
Campaign to reject vote-buying candidates for General Elections
I am traveling when the collection closes (this is scheduled) and unable to draw the winner from the Christmas lights challenge and post it on here as I normally do. Therefore I will draw the winner and make a second post sometime Wednesday with the winner.
* Saves Time – NO pump pumping gas by hand
Following that I did some rough brushing and then dry brushing with an off white and gun metal to give it that "lived in" look. The block work was actually scribed in, I'm going to put more effort into the next one. About 8 more of these to go!
3. Taking refuge in Sainte-Anne-de-la-Butte-aux-Cailles, I spent about ten minutes fiddling around with my camera trying to get some atmospheric shots of the candles in front of the altar while Nancy, a talented photographer, patiently waited for me to finish. Not able to remember what was supposed to be so special about the church, I whipped out my iPhone to look at Patrimap, one of my favorite free apps for information about Paris. After reading a short bit about the history of the church, I reached the part I wanted:
The amendment said: ‘Regulation of the Press must be independent of government. But it is clear that the current system of self-regulation is broken and needs fixing.
believing
could not even stand how good these were! i will definitely make them again and again and again. cheaper and more delicious than the box brands.
The Daily Show & Colbert we pop in from time to time. As well as Robot Chicken. And they never disappoint.
In terms of guns (and not melee weapons), "Slash/Pierce/Blunt" are replaced with "Bullets/Lasers/Explosives". So a rifle would have its die size increased by one, a laser would do repeating damage and explosive weapons would be more likely to cause criticals.
In my head it looks kinda like this page.
I’m not afraid to take a risk, I’m not afraid to die anymore,
Get the idea?
"He had a profound contempt for those whose overriding ambition was to be rich. It was a mania, he thought, a kind of disease, and he comforted himself with the reflection that the rich were rarely happy"
This is a documentary that I created with my friend Kevin Monteith.
As one of the characters who ties the universe together, we’ve seen Fury mainly in a cameo capacity. Finally, we get to see Sammy Jackson show off his moves. In the fight seens, we really see why he became the director of SHIELD. He’s controlled, cool and Samuel L. Motherfucking Jackson. What else do you need to know?
(something) from the way you treat me
Always spiritual
Rude forts appear again, the old hoop’d guns are mounted,
I started on this post a few weeks back and then realized I should hang onto the thought until the summer solstice, the longest day of the year, which is today! The daylight hours here in Paris have become incredibly long: today the sun rises at 5:47 am and won't set until 9:58 pm. Compare this with back home in DC where the sun rises at roughly the same time but sinks below the horizon a full hour and a half earlier.
A clinical trial demonstrated that at 2 weeks of age, babies fed with the AVENT Bottle
By 2015, guided by strong spiritual values enshrined in its motto….TUVALU MO TE ATUA…. we will have achieved a healthy, educated, peaceful and prosperous Tuvalu.
Assignment Operators from “Programming in Objective-C 2.0: Second Edition”:
Certainly when I purchased my first mix-a-six pack at the liquor store and slowly inching my way into craft beer, I never predicted I'd encounter these types of craft beer-related debates and the passionate, angry, dissenting opinions that they fuel. But they're there, so they are worth talking about.
Your name, your name.
Are you all set for Christmas? I have the turkey thawing, we will just be spending it at home most likely. We will watch " A Christmas Story", it's tradition!
I am all too painfully aware that we are not yet out of the woods. There are weeks, and miles, to go, and I cannot from here imagine a point where I might exhale. I also can't imagine that I am the only person in the world who, upon seeing a beating heart inside of her, began to question every instinct she previously had that she might be somehow qualified to be responsible for another human being. But at 6w 3d, our embryo has a recognizable beating heart, and even with the fear, my own heart – and gratitude – can hardly be contained.
- Fried noodle
Write, Direct and Produce
I've just finished my second giant granny of 2011 and I'm pretty thrilled with the result. It's quite different to my first one . The colour choices I made were more subdued this time. I was hoping for a "vintage" look and I think I've achieved it....
Is it as simple as grandpa and grandma finding $10 under the sofa, and saying to themselves: "Golly, lets donate this money to Huckabee - I like that man because he is a christian!"
They tend to settle into lines if too much is applied. There is also shimmer present in most of the ones I have, but it’s definitely not over-the-top; very day time/work appropriate. The applicator is quite nice, not too big or small and doesn’t deposit too much or too little product.
Dinner: 2 cups V8 Golden Butternut Squash soup (SO good!), 1 Activia Vanilla Yogurt (frozen, yum!)
a closed door
Kinkade’s paintings were anything but controversial, depicting scenes of a light-filled America with a heavy emphasis on home, hearth and church. His sentimental scenes of country gardens and pastoral landscapes in dewy morning light were beloved by many but criticized by the art establishment.
From the VeloNews live commentary: The really frustrating moment was atop the climb at Les Gets. It was a weird accident and, from the look on his face, it became readily apparent that it was the final straw for Armstrong.
"The attack was planned in great detail and they came prepared with enough ammunition."
I hope to return fully to the land of the living in early December and pick up where I left off.
Dahlia Seed/Greyhouse Split 7" ... Troubleman Unlimited 1993
if we got pregnant right away.
It's hard to believe that we are really on the downhill here. I'm going to deviate from the regular format because I felt it was getting a little boring and repetitive.
Next thing I noticed was the gorgeous wood bar, and the nice woodwork behind the bar, with glass shelves housing the hard liquor, smartly placed mirrors to give the bar more depth, and nice clean white trim and crown molding to finish off the clean look. This was well done, and you can tell that the owners put some blood, sweaty and tears into this restaurant to make it a nice place.
The colourful companions, the trips to Timbuctoo.
All the credit has to go to the Nolan brothers who have created a loyal and yet refreshing version of the cape crusader. Gotham has never felt more real as Batman struggles with those that are his enemies and himself. They have made the greatest (including the comics) Batman story of all time. The Dark Knight is a lot of things and they are able to balance their own themes and motives with the task of creating a single Batman story. The Dark Knight is not just a superhero film; it is a mirror of all things beyond the impact of a punch. It is a movie about what it truly means to stand up for what you believe in or what you must believe in. It is the greatest superhero film of all time.
I fell in love with Joyce’s writing. It is so descriptive. Here is a little taste.
Do you catch yourself using redundancies or unnecessary words, like "tiny scrap" or "inland rivers"?
Of course it was! Who am I kidding?! Sometimes it's hard to admit that you were once in love, especially whilst when thinking these thoughts; you’ve got nobody!
Sara Kate: 3-6 months and some 6 months.
When she saw me she cried.
Earings: Aura: Down Pour – Earrings
He took his vorpal sword in hand:
With selfless faith, with selfless faith
There is no set conference fee. There is a suggested donation of $75.00 per participant to help defray Conference costs.
The biggest issue for me in all of this, however, is not even so much that these racist Tweets occurred (since, as I mentioned, I’m not surprised by this, sadly) but that someone can use “the heat of the moment” as an excuse for racism. It speaks volumes of how deeply racism (and other “isms”) are embedded into the fabric of our society.
Punk, as a movement, was almost a sonic blast of Pop Art shock with it's Warhol pallet of out-of-register graphics, dayglo spray and droptone trim. Continuing this - Gaye Advert launches her latest expo at the Signal Gallery, Shoreditch - Punk and Beyond. A collection of new, or of-the-time art from first generation punks and new wavers. Heavy-hitting contributors to the current installation include...Marco Pirroni, Jamie Reid and Jill Furmanovsky.
" 'Elf 'n' Safety" is possibly one of the most irritating phrases the Daily Mail has ever produced, along with "Her Royal Hotness".
The officer then took her the Dallas County jail, where she remained overnight. After she was released on bond, she was charged with obtaining a controlled substance by fraud, a felony.
For the Neutral ones, I found some random text and put it in a pretty font in Works, and printed it on plain copy paper. I adjusted the margins a bit so it would print as close to the edges as I could make it, and then justified the edes to make them even on the right and left sides. I used a 2" scallop punch and needed 5 layers per flower. After all the punching was done, I crumpled them all up with my hands and then stacked the scallops in groups of 5. I wanted them to have leaves too, so I made them out of felt. I just hand-cut some leaf shapes with a slightly long end. I cut a bunch of rectangles, about 1" by 3", and cut the leaf shape on one end. The other end was just left square, since it would be under the flower and out of sight. I stacked the scallops on top of the leaves, and stapled them together, easy peasy :) The final step was to ink them up a bit with some Tim Holtz Antique Linen Distress Ink.
Lucky Seven ~ 2003
Rated Free for Everyone! is a preview of two children’s comics from Oni Press. Sketch Monsters is the tale of a girl who expresses herself through art, which sometimes comes to life and wrecks havoc on the town. Power Lunch is about a boy who is told he’s allergic to practically everything, but in reality different foods give him a variety of super powers. Both were cute, but Power Lunch had such an interesting concept that it’s more likely I’ll pick that one up when the book comes out.
Also, like people who tell you about their abusive alcoholic father the first 30 seconds after you’ve met them, they likely will keep this trend of rudely dumping too much personal information. When the protagonist begins with all this thinking and more thinking…and more thinking, it is probably a bad sign for the future. Just sayin’.
As a 60 metres runner, Gardener has been among the world’s top indoor sprinters for a decade, having won three consecutive European titles and being the reigning world champion. The Bath Bullet has traditionally used this five-way international featuring teams from Britain, Italy, Russia, Sweden and a Commonwealth select as a vital part of his early programme.
The mermaids can’t be that bad if they spent time sharing their knowledge and then let him go. He really should be a little nicer about them then, shouldn’t he? I mean he couldn’t possibly be using a story to gain power over….. oh…never mind…that’s a whole other post.
Pours a light orange color with a slight off white head that disappears. A caramel, grainy, toasty smell is apparent. A very sweet caramely taste with a mixture of hoppy bitterness. Has a pretty high avb which is surprising from the taste. I would say it was a medium bodied beer as I had 2 at the end of the night (after pizza) and didn't fill me up completely. Easy to drink 2 or 3.
the first thought that came to mind when I read this theme on another blog was: "the girls".
Tauer Perfumes Incense Extreme
For us, the secret lies within the rustic, the natural, the unaltered and the timeless quality of their restoration. We enjoyed it because it wasn’t perfect. It was just real.
When I started Lime Tree Creations over 12 months ago my life was very different.
Click here to find out what happened next and to get the recipe for Salami, Spinach, and Smoked Gouda Macaroni and Cheese.
Or shall we just continue stocking them up inside the fridge and eating them regardless of whether or not the study becomes a fact?
Purple Kisses
When I’m finally told by one of the other teachers (with my co-teacher translating) how I will factor into the day’s events, I’m a bit surprised as to what I’m tasked with doing. First I’m told I will need to pull a cart around a giant circle in the middle of the field.
Southern Tier Farmer's Tan
my daughter Piney.
A quick and very cheap project.
1 T honey
BUT…By Golly I think we have a winner!! Cookie lovers rejoice. I came up with this recipe the other night and tested it immediately. They surely looked like chocolate chip cookies, the house smelled like chocolate chip cookies, and…they tasted like chocolate chip cookies!! YUMMMMMM!
What do you do if you have not received first Holy Communion? (Hold your arms across your chest when you approach the priest or Eucharistic Minister to receive a blessing.
OK, hopefully you have been keeping up with our preparedness journey this year. We are ready to make our next stop along the way. Here’s what you can do now to add to your preparedness kit:
Loathe as I am to write about the weather, I feel I have to express my HATE at the elements. Seriously, as it's freaking spring now, you'd think it'd lighten up a little?
As we listened to the audience discussion of the presentation, we were struck by something. Everyone present had an abiding commitment to Grant County and was deeply worried about the future of the community. They also had a strong love for rural and small town life, especially as it related to making a living off the land.
I will just be a member of Friends of the Manning Library, and do the odd volunteer job for different organizations until I want to spend my time on something else!
It's not mainstream, it's not ever going to be at number one.
School ends and a yellow bus shuttles me to mama’s office. In a far neglected corner was a sand-colored desk, and this became my playground. The desk was littered with stacks of yellowing office memos, red and black whiteboard markers, bulky mechanical pencil sharpeners, boxes of Mongol Number One pencils, big gray staplers, and black Panda ball pens. Those office materials became the toys that little Ja loved.
Who hath not seen thee oft amid thy store?
I think so, and I have a plan.
"Whether disestablishment by consent be attainable or not, the establishment as it now exists is morally discredited beyond recovery. It cannot permanently continue. If, indeed, the Church of England were, under whatever self-deluding pretences, to acquiesce in such bondage to Parliament as now we know to be integral to its established position, that church might continue to be, in the astonishing description of but it would have ceased forever to be either recognisably Catholic or
-JB
Rather than pouches in combination with wrist strap in a wide array while using izes and shapes get this the distinctive case.
A big thank you to all involved, and a heartwarming Gooood News story for my Blog!
After Remembrance Day, the State of Israel will celebrate its 64th birthday. The unbreakable bond between Remembrance Day and Independence Day underscores the fact that our dear ones who fell in Israel’s wars did not fall in vain. Thanks to them, the State arose. Thanks to them, the State of Israel will continue to develop and prosper, and thanks to them the members of the younger generation will also be able to live their lives in security and tranquility.
For those of you who may not know, I am the editor of '4th Floor', ably assisted by the production team of Whitireia's publishing course students. I do the selections and initial communications with the writers, and the students handle most of the copy-editing/proofing process, and the translation of the work into the online environment, under the expert guidance of their tutor, Rachel Lawson.
Special thanks to the Columbia University libraries.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a 9x13-inch pan with nonstick spray. In a medium glass bowl, melt chocolate in the microwave in short bursts of 30 seconds; stir after each burst and remove from microwave when melted and smooth. Set aside to cool slightly. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the butter and brown sugar. Add the eggs and vanilla extract and whisk those in too. Mix in melted chocolate. Whisk in the flour and mix just until combined (don't over-mix). Spread batter into prepared pan. Bake 25 to 35 minutes (I checked mine at 35, and it was still gooey, so I added about 15 minutes and it was perfect). Watch closely and remove from oven when toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Let cool completely.
~ Strength to move through the most difficult parts of my life.
Which brings me on nicely to the enemy AI. This is easily the most advanced AI I’ve encountered. From the simple (scattering out of the way when a grenade is thrown at them rather than just sitting there waiting for it to go off as usual) to the difficult (flanking you, flushing you out) it’s all done so well that it leads to some genuinely tense fireplay. You’ll need to keep them penned in with cover fire otherwise these guys will actually come and find you – and kill you probably.
The twins were born on September 29th and are at home, healthy and thriving. Mya Faith 4 lb. 11oz. and Maxwell Paul (after his beloved Grandfather) at 5 lb. 9 oz. Congratulations to all of you!! We are so grateful to have been witness to such a special story and to capture a moment of this sacred time. Welcome to our world Mya and Max...you are deeply loved!!
Bar Deville
DG is pretty private person yet she shares a lot about herself and her experiences to break the isolation many desi women may be experiencing in their lives across the globe. DG’s world may seem perfect but the truth is it is pretty imperfect and less than exciting but it is her world and she loves it to pieces. There are good days and there are not so good days then there are days that cannot be defined. The everyday living she took for granted until two years ago is no longer the case. The routine she followed all her life as if on auto pilot no longer seems familiar, it often seems stranger than fiction.
I always thought that I truly understood the Public Ally motto “Everyone Leads”. But it wasn’t until I was asked to really step up that I realized I believed it for everyone else but myself.
I hope you try this. Try it out and see how it feels. I am sure that if you do, you will know just how good it does feel to send out a bit of love in this world.
I contacted the seller, and he gave me a few tips, but they did not work either. The seller informed me that if it continued, I would receive a new chip to replace the faulty one. He was lying.
Ireland has enhanced her identity in Europe. When Ireland joined the then EC in 1973, our living standards were half those of our partners; 35 years on we have caught up. The changes in Irish society have been profound and positive. Ireland’s population has increased, emigration ended and an enhanced national self-confidence has emerged. Within the EU Ireland has been perceived as a success and a role model for the new poorer members. Every opinion poll shows a large majority in favour of EU membership.
I warmed up with the KenpoX warmup (today was KenpoX day anyway)...then did The Chrissy. And...omg.....knocked TEN minutes off my time last month. My time is still not one for the record books...and will still very likely ensure that I am the last person done at the training....but I knocked 10 freaking minutes off of it!
~ 8 Die cut or large punched circles
En onthoud: begin simpel, hóu het simpel, maar vooral: BEGIN, want het is écht leuk en écht lekker !
“Your call is important to us,” said a new woman’s voice.
Todays pick of the week comes from What Not 2 Crochet you know there are quite of bit of creations out there that should just not be crocheted and displayed, crocheted….maybe…But definately NOT displayed…
8 – full citizenship and the abolition of all forms of discrimination.
38. Tango dance lessons.
Feedbacks on the program
For the first cake, I followed the ingredients amount as stated in the recipe, ie 50ml vegetable oil and 50ml water. However, I noticed the yolk batter was quite thick, and I deflated the whites a little while trying to mix the two together. The finished cake was not as airy or fluffy as the fruit tea chiffon I made earlier. I compared the two recipes and decided to change the water-oil amount. So, for the second sakura cake, I used 40ml oil and 60ml water, just like the fruit tea chiffon. The yolk batter was not as thick, and I could fold in the whites easily. The second cake rose tall and mighty. Even though I wasn't able to taste it, I am confident that the texture would be quite similar to the fruit tea version.
Tulip Belgian Tripel
2) Run or do yoga 3-5 times a week. I ran well into my third trimester but haven't done either of my favorite forms of exercise since the baby was born. Both of these are, for me, as much mental as they are physical, and making the time to take care of myself is something I need to work really hard on. Motherhood is teaching me that I need to make an effort to spend time on myself, and this specific goal will help me do that.
Sha Na Na
In the recent past we’ve been treated to a run of decent Aprils — versions of the beginning of spring which seemed like the tail end of summer, complete with all the mandatory hot pant romping. If memory serves me correctly, last year even boasted a royal wedding (complete with all the mandatory hot pant pomping).
I wasn't able to fit in all the photos today (of course) so the shots of our bride will have to wait till tomorrow. You would be amazed at how difficult it can be to choose favourites from photos of gorgeous children, chocolate mousse cakes and pretty pink things!
March 1, 2012 is Thursday in the First Week of Lent. The reading is from Gospel of Mathew 7:7-12
course.
There are vampires who, “steal the life force of others to increase their own longevity, gladly using the lives and well-being of those around them to increase their own quality of life. As such, they are intensely selfish creatures with a strong sense of self-preservation. They are difficult to destroy and often capable to taking a variety of shapes to escape dangerous situations.” Or Werewolves who, “wrestles with animalistic instinctual urges that occasionally grow difficult or impossible to control. Once the urge grows to a certain point, the werewolf changes from human to wolf form and gives himself over to the desires of wolf self.” And many other monsters that we can identify with or see others in, too. What can I say? Christian churches are full of monsters.
coinage, there is still a huge shortage of local currency. Businesses with
This cute, sweet read happens over a twenty four-hour time period, starting when Hadley missed her flight to London for her dad's second wedding. It was the last thing she wanted to attend, let alone be a part of. Then, by an unexpected chance of fate, Hadley meets Oliver, a cute British boy, who she sat next to and befriends over their flight to London. But before Hadley or Oliver could see where their new-found relationship could lead them, they lose each other as they go their separate ways. Hadley is sad to see Oliver go, unsure if she will ever see him again and even more sad to have to go to her dad's wedding, but fate has some plans of its own for her.
It currently resides in the kitchen, where I think it will stay, depending on how it works when we get a bigger table (soon!) I need your help deciding what colour to paint it. (Leanne, Tara, any other experts?)
Well, you can’t “make” your paper green, but you can be choosy when deciding what paper to use for your next direct mail project.
Ash...this is what I'm talking about! It doesn't matter how much I do, or how many changes I try to make when this isn't natural for me...and it's never enough!
One morning, I read the scripture verse above. As I did, I felt a peace that can
6. “Godless Brother in Love” by Iron & Wine
I checked the notes. She had come in with an MSQ score of something like 3 out of 10, which meant she was quite disorientated. I ran the questions again. I asked her who the Prime Minister was and she said ‘Mr Fisher, no, Mr Hughes’. I asked her the year and she said 1915. On the MSQ that’s a simple 0 out of 2, but the answers were consistent. I asked her how old she was. She said she thought she was 12. She was certain she was not more than 14, but said that if it was 1915 she was 12. 0 from 3 but, had it been 1915, 3 from 3.
-Place all ingredients (except honey) in a small saucepan and bring to a boil.
In an early tale Jónas, aged five, is swept along with his family and the people of his village to a mound where spirits are said to live. The earth is cleared from the side of the hill to reveal a buried statue of the Virgin Mary, still venerated by the older people who have been forced to abandon their former faith and its icons.
The challenge over at Crafty Individuals this month is 'WINTER WONDERLAND', a great choice ready for the magical season of Christmas which is really not that far away...I created a tag and combined it with other elements to try and gain a magical feeling. The stamps I used were 138 (Let it snow) 281 (Magic of Christmas) 282 (Santa Claus is coming to town) and 323 (Fashion ladies).
Morale is good and we are confident our vote will increase despite the fake nationalist UKIP standing in 14 or so Birmingham wards and one phoney nationalist English Democrat candidate standing in one of our strongest wards.
Right tower, top to bottom:
the states of utah, arizona, and i think california.
MT- Finance & Administration
Okay, so this argument may not be convincing, but you can’t say they aren’t exhilarating to watch. Excluding their blowout win over Detroit, opposing resistance has been kept to a maximum. They were against the ropes against Purdue in the third round. They clung to wins against N.C. State and North Carolina. And the debate rages on, did Ohio State lose or did Kansas win? To keep it simple, they won and that’s why they get the chance to bust everyone’s bracket officially Monday night.
THE POP COP: What are your thoughts on playing gigs in Scotland?
Fraser concludes in his letter: “Given the combined forces of what appears as an unseen (and) corporate-generated self-serving attitude (tacitly approved by “Models of Sickness and Disability” authors as perfectly moral) in the guise of the…psychosomatic model…promoting the prejudice of…pop-psychology directed at vulnerable and relatively powerless others…and a profit-driven foreign company…it is unsurprising that so many of the bad decisions they help facilitate are overturned on closer examination at costly appeals. It would of course, be much cheaper in the long run to adopt some of the higher standards of appeal tribunals in the first place”.
Many people in other countries would die (probably quite literally) for the opportunity you and I have, yet a pathetic amount of citizens take the two minutes to vote.
If you've already seen my new business cards, you'll notice that I added two new items to my roster of subjects: music and book recommendations. Some people have emailed me requesting suggestions on these subjects, so I thought I would make it official. Also, I'll probably throw in some movie recommendations now and then, so I hope everyone enjoys these additions!
He watched her in a state of awe. An unaffected part of his brain was aware that his body was moving through his breakfast, even though he had no memory of when it had gotten before him. His foot drummed, hand holding a sandwich, the forefinger of the other was hooked through the china cup ear. But he only registered watching her like he had never watched a target before– as she crossed her legs under the table, looked through some papers, her jaw chopping food in precise strong cuts, throat convulsing in a swallow, and how her sharp eyes observed the work of her property over the rim of her juice glass.
Shannon's favorite was Jenny's card. "Just Loved the Darling image and Sweet butterflies! Such Wonderful springy colors and dp's too! Great take on the sketch!"
Fast Talk
Deacon is in cousin heaven!!
The Urban Land Institute of Orange County/Inland Empire today presented the City of Riverside with the Award for Vision in their 2012 Best of Best Awards for its “Seizing Our Destiny” plan.
Clean in the morning, run errands after lunch
Ave Spes! Ave Ave Antinoe!
Anyway, wish me luck.
Finally, I managed to wiggle down my friend's back and slide to the floor. But by this point I could no longer control my bladder. And I peed. Right there, in front of hundreds of cheerleaders.
Just ever so gently crumpled
“If you know that He is righteous you know that everyone who practices righteousness is born of Him.” (I John 2:28).
I decided to join in on the latest challenge at Flourishes - FTTC157 - make a corner bookmark. I've seen this, but hadn't tried it out yet. I'm glad I did, very easy to make and would make a nice gift!
Me, I'll be leaving Tokyo soon, but for a different reason.
And another angel came out from the altar, which had power over fire; and cried with a loud cry to him that had the sharp sickle, saying, Thrust in thy sharp sickle, and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth; for her grapes are fully ripe. And the angel thrust in his sickle into the earth, and gathered the vine of the earth, and cast it into the great winepress of the wrath of God. And the winepress was trodden without the city, and blood came out of the winepress, even unto the horse bridles, by the space of a thousand and six hundred furlongs.
Kim, Mika and Coco even have a Facebook page where they inform us that they live together, which is all a bit Biscuit Girls of the Playboy Mansion, or y'know, a brothel run by Mr. Kipling. All their flirty winking and finger licking comes off as rather cheap and desperate, and I know ads are always using sex and tits to flog stuff, but some just pull it off (har har) better than others, like this Virgin Airlines ad.
Avery requested a photo by the fountain. Where she posed. Of course.
The village the hand must cross
There are some varied ideas about if and how alcohol should be served at a ceremony. Now, I am not talking about the reception – now THAT is another story (bring on the bar tab, I say). I am talking about alcohol at a contemporary Australian ceremony – whether it is a wedding, renewal of vows or naming.
The legislation caused many mission schools, through which the majority of black children were educated, to loose government aid and close. Funding for black schools was drawn from taxes paid by black people, who were generally impoverished. Source
People, Valentine's Day has plumb wore me out this year. I diligently had something for the girls in their mailboxes every. single. day. And it was a lot harder than I thought.
2. Mind – What are your current thoughts and feelings about the Groovy Mums blog hop and/or the Twitter party. Blog about it or leave a comment. I sense we are moving into a new era with new participants and want to ensure we keep on a track that is still positive for people.
Preacher: Peter Philips
It's gonna be a busy but fun day at our house today!
I had been hiding under the bed to escape a . . . broke smoker.
These will be finished off with a Starbucks gift card.
24. There's Gonna Be A Storm
I've held the view since the economic crisis first started that it may turn out to be bigger than governments.
He can't stop staying exactly the same
The Lord replied,
This is a quick and easy sour cream container that I whipped up for a Valentines treat for my niece. It took me about 5-10 minutes to make it so it won't be a shame when she rips it open to get at her Hershey Kisses! There are tutorials all over the place for these, I am not sure where I got mine but I saw it a while back. Then I used an ippity stamp set that just came out this past fall, "How YOU Doin'", to make the little heart and the enjoy sentiment. If you are interested in ippity, guess what? I'm an ippity chick! Yep! You can visit my sales blog to get a viewing of this set as well as all the others.
My car started to develop an intermittent fault where the dashboard wouldn't work - all the dials stayed at zero no matter what! Scared the hell out of me the first time it did it but I soon found that a "reboot" (switch ignition off/on again) cleared the fault. Smoothing capacitor I thought, power glitches, nothing serious as it never did this while driving only started in a funny state. I planned to leave it to the next service to fix.
There is a new book out by Susanna Salk called Be Your Own Decorator. It is a bloggers dream. All of you who collect images for your blogs, or for Pins, or Houzz, or Decorpad, or any of the other zillion rabbit holes we enjoy ourselves in, will love this gorgeous book.
On the first day they released it, the line in the morning was apparently over four hours long just to get into the bar. The tables filled up immediately after opening and people weren't leaving so no one new was able to cycle in for hours. By the time we got there, the next Thursday, the line was luckily non-existent. I will say Younger was freaking delicious. Definitely the best triple IPA I've ever had. It starts with a huge pine nose. Very hoppy up front but not terribly bitter in the back. Some sweetness comes through as I drank but at 10.25% there was never any alcohol presence that I found. I won't say it was balanced, but I wasn't drowning in hops like with the Hopsickle at Moylans. Really worth the trip.
I made pretty much everything. I ended up buying a little digital party package from TomKat Studio in March (I know, way in advance!) because she was offering a 20% off discount. If you know me, you know I jump at a chance to save some money! I had the hardest time deciding between using the black polka dot invitations or the yellow stripe invite. In the end I really liked the black one, even though I had wanted to shy away from too much black (I guess I'm a sucker for polka dots!). I really wanted to be able to include a picture of Gabriella along with the invitations because, well, taking pictures of my little ham is my thing. I picked up this adorable bee outfit from last year's collection from Gymboree on ebay and snapped some pictures of her in our front yard. I bought adhesive magnet sheets and used my scalloped circle punch to cut little rounds out of both magnet sheets and wallet-sized prints of her. I just stuck the picture on the adhesive part and included it along with the invite.
Britain is a nation of sandwiches; there are no two ways about it. And while I love a good, decadently filled homemade sandwich that has fresh veg and fillings poking out at the side, I dislike nothing more than those awful, cold and soggy sandwiches you get with your ‘meal deal’. Who wants to look forward to that? No wonder people can’t find the joy in cooking and eating if all they live on tastes, well… horrible.
In an attempt to keep going with my current life theme of,
“Despite DOE statements about the lack of imminent off-site health threats due to the contamination, possible public health effects have not been investigated adequately. The current regulatory process is not sufficient to effectively identify urgent health-based remediation needs or to comprehensively evaluate possible public health impacts.” (Box A, pg. 7).
But there is a specific problem which involves Pakistani heritage men... who target vulnerable young white girls. We need to get the Pakistani community to think much more clearly about why this is going on and to be more open about the problems that are leading to a number of Pakistani heritage men thinking it is OK to target white girls in this way."
Waiting for her to walk beside me again and hold my hand.
I also grilled up a package of Yves Souvlaki Veggie Skewers and had that on a pita with some of the tzatziki. (forgot to take a picture, but it was pretty much what you imagine it to be)
The week ahead is busy, so a happy hello wave to LORD DERAMORE'S PRIMARY SCHOOL near York for Monday, SINNINGTOM PRIMARY SCHOOL near Helmsley for Tuesday, WILTHORPE INFANTS SCHOOL in Barnsley for Wednesday afternoon, and ST FRANCIS' CATHOLIC PRIMARY SCHOOL, where I'll be on Friday as part of Beverley Literature Festival.
Thanks to all the readers who have visited my site and have read my posts, though I’m not a popular blogger here in the blogosphere. Indeed, I appreciate all your comments as well. Thank you once again!
New Species
What an unnecessary and unfulfilling way to live a life.
Today, let’s look at the right way.
On 10 April 2012 Beeld journalist, Magda Swart, published an article online: Wanneer alles net te veel raak - (When everything just gets too much). Although nowhere in the article is the Griekwastad case mentioned, there is no doubt that the article was directly related to the tragedy. The opening paragraph asks questions such as: What drives a person to suddenly kill a group of people? Is there a single moment when something breaks inside you, or is there a run-up pattern?
Exuberant illustrations and text make for a fun exploration of thunder and its CRASHING and BOOMING! And everything's better with dinosaurs.
I hate people i dont even know
Our world cries out for oneness. This month’s Featured Guests and Everyday Heroes drawn from different disciplines illustrate how the universality and power of oneness can solve our most pressing problems both internationally and personally. “Connections Radio: Awakening Oneness Within Us All” (www.spiritmedianetwork.com/crs.htm) is the antidote to the separateness plaguing our lives.
Never thought about this before, but this scene recalls Neil’s consolation of Todd on his birthday. The “deskset” is a symbol of parental expectation and emotional negligence, so it makes a great deal of sense for him to take his life over his own father’s deskset.
I mean I fired her.
In any event, Mrs. Beer Rant and I stumbled upon a bottle of Nogne O in the seasonal rack at the Arrowhead outlet of Total Wine and More the week before Christmas. The bottle wasn’t pricemarked and some stooge had probably returned it to the wrong shelf but I decided to take a chance, agreeing with the Missus that we’d discard the bottle at the checkout counter if it proved to be too pricey. Well, the beeping scanner put the price at 8 bucks and change. I looked at Mrs. Beer Rant. Mrs. Beer Rant looked at me. I said something like, “I’ve never had a beer from Norway,” and that was that.
So.... I have come up with a new design, two fabrics instead of just one! This also adds a seam just above your baby bump for a more flattering fit.
On a buoy in the storm it floated and swung,
Can I paint my popcorn ceilings?
You may also want to open the bacon packaging to save time later.
KERS (Kinetic Energy Recovery System) is a hybrid drive system that the FIA allowed to be raced as part of the 2009 major rules rewrite. It allows energy to be harvested under braking and stored, then that energy can be released to provide a power boost for around 6s per lap.
Roll dough out into a 1/4" sheet.
36. Thee Headcoats - What's Wrong With
This past week was spring break, and my son requested a trip to the mountains. It was one of the craziest weeks ever, but I did make sure to set aside some time to take him to Boone, NC. We stayed in a brand new hotel with an indoor pool and we did (and ate) whatever he wanted.
All NXT Generation Phones have dual-processor, Android OS, and uniques iconic design. See our previous post: Sony Mobile NXT Series (Next Generation Smart Phones). The Xperia S will have an SRP of P27,000; Xperia P–P23,000; Xperia U–P13,000; and Xperia Sola–P16,000.
Louise Dearman and Big Hand Records have really excelled with this album. It’s a perfect showcase for Louise’s talent. I truly believe there isn’t a dull song on the album. Although it is an album of covers, each has a Dearman stamp upon it. You should buy this album if you’re a fan of ’Diva-esque’ voices because Louise’s voice is as good as (or in some cases better!) than many of those ‘Divas’ in the charts.
Gosh this is a hard one..
They SAY it's for marketing...bullsh*t.
1. A system for reproducing a color original in a medium using a selected multiplicity of reproduction colorants, the system comprising in serial order:
The problem isn’t necessarily that you or I have bad intentions. We usually feel justified. Everyone deserves a break, a weekend to get drunk off distractions, a night to just do what I want. Even rapists and murderers, right? Even me. It’s not that we don’t know enough or that we’re not trying hard enough. It’s that Evil’s voice is louder than my own voice in this world. (i’m drowning) but it’s all gonna be alright
January 1954 Home Secretary Maxwell Fyfe reported on the findings of the “Working party on the Social and Economic Problems Arising from the Growing Influx into the United Kingdom of Coloured Workers”. He stated “the unskilled workers who form the majority are difficult to place because on the whole they are physically unsuited to heavy manual work…”(9)
As I've been focusing more these days on my health and running, I've started a new blog to document that journey... Personal Velocity. I've had a bit of a hard time keeping the momentum going that I had last summer, so I am hoping that with that new space, I'll be more motivated and inspired to keep moving forward in my journey to better health.
A word about the corn tortillas. When it comes to restaurant tortillas, Sam always orders corn and I order flour. I don't especially like cornmeal unless comes wrapped in a tamale. But here? When I reached into the tortilla holder, I grabbed the flour tortilla on top. Halfway into my soft taco Sam noticed I was eating one of his corn tortillas. Thin and mashed very fine, I didn't taste the difference (the stout margarita might have had something to do with it).
Tao comes over to me and we look at them bathed in the sunshine. Some mouse birds nearby in the loquat tree. The chickens foraging passionately around us. He looks at me and asks me if I want to try it. Why not - We prepare it - way too much of it. A long process. We drink it - way too much of it. And it tastes bad in addition to being slimy and gelatinous. An instant gagging process but I want a break from mind - i want to return to the natural state , nothing else calls me deeper.
The more effort Leah made, the more I would open up for her. I did however remain guarded but I kept an open mind and didn’t allow any hiccups to discourage me as we rebuilt. Over time, Leah and I established a new relationship. It took a lot of effort on her part to win me over again and through the course of a couple of years (and a lot of ups and downs) we’ve arrived at a good place.
If all that’s left you feeling hungry, you know where to find us…
He also said that two previous suggestions in 1996 and 2002 to amend the Act to “dilute the independence of the Bar and of the Council or through the establishment of an Academy of Law” were opposed by Malaysian Bar resolutions.”
I am happy to say that Bob had nothing to do with all of this but continued
While all people love to learn, they certainly learn best when they have an interest in what they are learning. That only makes sense, right? I mean, we are naturally inquisitive about things that catch our interests, and we naturally avoid those things that we find boring or dull. This should be obvious, but virtually all traditional forms of education and training seem to ignore this in some way or another. Simply walk into any classroom or training session of any type, anywhere in the world, and you will see some proportion of the attendees who are completely blanked out. You can see it in their body language, their participation level, and their attentiveness. People who are disinterested in a subject are likely to be texting, surfing the internet, slouching in their seat with their heads down, doodling, or writing down a list of all the places they would like to go. They may learn facts and figures, processes and methods, but most of the time they only do this so they can pass a test or complete a training class. They can learn the theory behind new ideas, but they will stop at the application of this theory because they have no passion for or interest in what they have learned - so they can drop it once they have no further need for it and move on to something that captures their heart. But people who are interested in the subject matter have an entirely different look about them. These people are likely to sit upright, take notes, ask questions, and try to find ways to use the information - to find the practical application behind it - than to simply memorize it. They talk about it after class, they read further about it on their personal time, they talk to professors or instructors or professional in the field, because they have a thirst for more and more of the good feeling they get from learning something that they care about.
security in the
Now I don’t want to just talk about the women, because the men of this time that didn’t go off to war, looked quiet dapper as well. Their clothes exuded class, elegance and luxury, with the long tailor suits and hand painted ties in array of colour, textures and textiles.
It is time to repent and receive…
Yet, I am grateful for what I have to offer.
A good friend portioned off her garden and gave some space to each of her children this year. Her 5th grader decided to plant pie pumpkins....and they got around 50 of them!!
A little bit of this, a little bit of that, a leaf, a twig, Metallics, a cat...
I must apologize to Ben Anhalt of Element Brewing Company in Millers Falls, Mass. After I visited Valley Malt in Hadley (for the article published here) back in December, I rolled north to visit Element, on an invite Ben put out when he saw me post on Facebook, looking for contacts at Valley Malt (and a tip of the hat to Will Meyers at Cambridge Brewing for that contact!). I had some time to kill before doing an event at Craft Beer Cellars in support of the Kickstarter for American Beer Blogger (where I got to hang out with Chris Lohring (and drink Notch) and Nate Heck (and drink Harpoon Spruce)...and, of course, Suzanne and Kate and the crew at CBC), so I stopped in.
A poorly drawn outline, face down and splashed with blood
That is not to say that this investment our politicians made on your behalf did not have positive results -- it just didn't have positive results for you. In the first year of this green stimulus, an estimated 79% went to foreign nations; among the larger of these payments went to Babcock & Brown, an Australian company that went bankrupt just two months after the passage of the stimulus bill. Couple this fact with notorious domestic failures like Solyndra and Beacon Power Corp., and the obvious conclusion is that this administration's green energy initiative has been a spectacular failure to this point.
The unfortunate by-product of being a "stopping-over point" is that no one expected much from you. So yeah, while Alien and Trek may have gone above and beyond, there are others that... well... what would YOU expect from movies named Unidentified Flying Oddball, Quintet, The Alien Encounters and Battlestar: Galactica?
I thought I would share a few pics from the day. Since I didn't have a camera with me these are all just instagram pics I took on the day.
Well, that didn’t last too long. I hung a map of Manhattan on my refrigerator when I was moving in. My daughter is attending NYU for grad school and is living in Manhattan. I love NYC, so a map went up on my refrigerator. Notice the lovely “Kitchen Clip” holder thingy.
I don’t know what I did
By Sharman J. Monroe
Firstly, to the great horror of some of you, I will not be limiting the candidate beers to 'bottle-conditioned' varieties only.
My father would want his ashes dumped at a local race track.
Fairytale. Sigh. I was 15 almost 16 and the boy and I had been really good friends for about a year and I had a RAGING crush on him. Then one day after school we were hanging out at my house watching TV. I was eating saltines and he wanted one. I refused to share so he tackled me on the couch as I tried to run away with MY crackers. It was like in the movies, we were laughing so hard, I was almost crying. I took a deep breath trying to catch my breath after laughing and looked up. Our eyes caught and we both stopped laughing and he leaned in and kissed me nice and good J
I am a big big fan of Spirit Link Totem. It is all good, in my book. You can treat Spirit Link like an ordinary damage reduction cooldown and then you can make it magical. We use Spirit Link as one of our Elementium Bolt CD’s on Kalecgos’ platform (Madness) and if I time the drop of the totem perfectly so it’s down for the hit and 5 seconds or so afterwards, it can do amazing amazing things in keeping people alive at the brink of death. It is the one CD that can instantly do 10% of your healing for an encounter, if you know how to drop it. I love it.
TV host: During all that time, he has acted normally in bed, or has he asked bizarre things of you?
Help is always there but unless we surrender our egos we are not going to be able to understand this or know/find the help is available.
Narrated in a bold, fearless, hilarious voice and set against the lush, panoramic backdrop of Hawaii, "The Descendants "is a stunning debut novel about an unconventional family forced to come together and re-create its own legacy.
So, over to you. Am I wrong on this? Has Lost made extended flashbacks showing the key moments of a character’s life a legitimate storytelling technique – or does it annoy you as much as it annoys me?
By the time I reached home again I had the world of Larklight more-or-less complete in my mind, and I wrote the first chapter that same afternoon. After that it all flowed fairly easily: hoverhogs were introduced (my gift to the plush toy industry, I remember thinking at the time); Art and Myrtle were turfed out of Larklight by giant spiders who kidnapped their vague father; the pirates rescued them from the Potter Moth (a particularly ghastly monster, based on some horrific wasp whose life-cycle I'd once seen described on telly by That David Attenborough). In keeping with the light-hearted tone I was careful not to kill any characters off, and halfway through I realised that even Art and Myrtle's late, lamented mother might not be quite as late as I'd thought when I began. Finding her again, and discovering who and what she was, delivered the impetus that carried me on to the end of the story, where the Crystal Palace war machine I'd written of at school got another outing at last.
Julie went home and killed herself that night.
Later that night, when our bar bill reached 3 figures (no food, JUST drinks) we decided it was time to go. And never, ever go out again.
So... silver lining... this will definitely inspire me to get to the gym today at lunch. I am going to the YMCA this evening to learn the strength training equipment so there is another opportunity to burn some of this bad choice off my body.
....and here's the winner...
The Powells are about to go from ordinary to extraordinary. After 16 years of marriage, Jim and Stephanie's relationship lacks the spark it once had, and their family life now consists of balancing work and their two children, leaving little time for family bonding. During a family vacation set up by Jim in an attempt to reconnect, their plane crashes into the Amazon River. But this is where the fun starts for the Powells, as they soon discover that something's not quite right. Each of them now possesses unique and distinct superpowers. But saving and savoring their family life will be equally important, as they try to find purpose for their new powers and embark on a journey to find out what defines and unifies them. The Powells are a totally relatable family who happen to be a little bit amazing. - ABC
Effect: Once per turn, when this attacking card destroys an opponent’s monster by battle and sends it to the graveyard: You can detach 1 Xyz material from this card; special summon the destroyed monster to your opponent’s side of the field in face-up attack position, but it loses 1000 attack, and if you do summon this way, this card can attack once again during this battle phase.
Arrange chicken on backing sheet. Evenly top with mayo mixture, then sprinkle with bread crumbs.
“That made the DNA team wonder about their first conclusion,” Conlin said in an interview.
Latitude: 53° 16' 39.11" N
Stir together all the dry ingredients, including the fruit and nuts. In a separate bowl, whisk together the wet ingredients. Combine with the dry ingredients until the mixture is even. Spread mixture in the prepared pan. Press the mixture evenly into the pan. *Be sure to press the ingredients into the pan, so the bars don't crumble!
Four Nile Basin countries sign new water treaty amid strong opposition
A life without prawns would be a life without meaning. (Sorry Bean but if you do somehow become Royalty via a King Ralph style mishap at the Royal wedding we may have to get divorced!)
Rainbow bears witness.
* It takes 21 strips of width of fabric to join the QAYG blocks set 5x7 as well as to complete the binding of the quilt.
I then tried applying this to the garden and realised that crop rotation requires each group to take up roughly the same amount of space. I'm growing a lot of peas and beans, so I just about managed to squeeze the potatoes into the space they occupied last year (though I don't think I'll persuade them to grow up the fence behind the asparagus), but onions and carrots take up far less space, so I needed to find somewhere else for peas and beans this year. Brassicas, although space-hungry, aren't grown in large numbers, at least not in this garden. Last year, to further confuse, I put red cabbages, pumpkin and courgettes in the flower beds. I don't think I want onions and carrots there. This is all getting rather complicated.
Dogs are different. They’re pack animals and they want to be part of the family. They have emotional needs. Sometimes it’s getting their ears scratched. Sometimes it’s attention, which may be by demanding water for their water bowl. And if that means tipping over their full bowl of water, so they can “make” it empty and demand water, so be it. Sometimes they just want to be near “The Master.” Calvin is the master. And our dog Jezebel will do anything/everything necessary to be with The Master. Even if it means being naughty.
Then, I ran for cover as the next person to arrive was Mrs A :) But, no need - a bit subdued as she's recovering from a rotten cold after the unexpected drenching in the duck pond - and was perfectly well behaved bringing along this beautiful tag to share. The Spring shades are fabulous and I just love the end result Mrs A. As you know, I hop to and fro whilst writing up the roll call and on re-reading Mrs A's posting it transpires that she co-owned a dancing school many years ago. Now, I don't want to upset Mrs A but shouldn't that mean good co-ordination (err, the pogo stick incident)? There's certainly a lot of co-ordination and delicate work on this tag, I love it!
The moratorium provision before Faison’s committee is the result of a compromise between the N.C. League of Municipalities, the city government’s lobby, and the N.C. Cable Telecommunications Association, the industry’s lobbying arm. The moratorium doesn’t apply to towns that are already planning or developing municipal broadband, towns that received federal stimulus grants for broadband deployment, or towns chosen by Google for its Fiber Project.
The lovely thing is, lack of setting is an easy boo-boo to fix. And when you bang that nail into place, the overall effect on the manuscript is substantial. If you write teen/tween novels, take a look at your current work-in-progress. Is it all action and dialogue? Or have you given us enough sensory detail to fill out the space around the characters?
A Cape Town teacher, who has been suspended from school after being accused of sexually assaulting three pupils, claims he was raped while in a police van on the way to Pollsmoor Prison.
Mark Hodder is the author of THE STRANGE AFFAIR OF SPRING HEELED JACK (Pyr Books 2010) and it's sequel, THE CURIOUS CASE OF THE CLOCKWORK MAN (Pyr Books, due Spring 2011). Hodder is the creator and caretaker of the BLAKIANA Web site, which he designed to celebrate, record, and revive Sexton Blake, the most written about fictional detective in English publishing history. A former BBC writer, editor, journalist, and Web producer, Mark has worked in all the new and traditional medias and was based in London for most of his working life until 2008, when he relocated to Valencia in Spain to de-stress and write novels. He can most often be found at the base of a palm tree, hammering at a laptop. Mark has a degree in cultural studies and loves British history (1850 to 1950, in particular), good food, cutting-edge gadgets, cult TV, Tom Waits, and a vast assortment of oddities.
I have written about how the first paragraph of you novel can seduce the reader in the bookshop or on a website. The opening paragraph of a novel should really be returned to, time and again. It is probably the most refined piece of writing in the whole book. Almost equal to it is the final paragraph. Why it comes second is that usually it is not a factor in someone actually buying the book though I do know people who read the
The question became: how do you compare perfection? I changed my mind well over a dozen times trying to separate these women into some “order”. In the end I found myself comparing their overall bodies of work and finally selecting – Sally Pearson (AUS). She literally competed all year long as she started sprinting competitively during the Australian summer season at the end of January! She won Australian titles in the 100 & 200 in addition to her specialty 100 meter hurdles.
So far, Malema has visited Thembelihle, Diepsloot and Ivory Park and the Methodist Church at Ratanda in Heidelburg to mobilise support for the march.
We start testing half an hour into the school day. Each morning this week, I have given the kids a snack, just to make sure they have something in their stomachs when they take the test. Today it is granola bars. Given that his stomach hurts, I think probably T will not want a granola bar.
“I didn't realize her head was on the floor because they had her by her hair,” Williams said. “Everybody was stepping on me and I was trying to get my foot loose and I must have kicked her in her head.”
To look at the sunny side of everything and make your optimism come true.
Night fell. The dawn would bring the roar of Mehmet’s cannon.
Does this mean I'll weaken this November, come their birthdays, and buy them a Nintendo DS handheld device or a Wii or an XBox? Other things the teacher thinks they would benefit from? I better start saving now. ﻿
01 - I'll Sleep When I'm Dead ~ Jumpin' Jack Flash
Me: … *about to say something*
Anyway, as you can tell this post is not the post I had originally planned. I had all good intentions of coming back into the blogging world, talking my time of course. I thought I was ready to handle the extra work load, but I have to be honest with myself, and with you, after all it is only fair.
This year my work is greatly reduced as Orla is making her lantern at school. Hamish is interested in making a lantern as far as choosing the materials and giving the odd bit of art direction goes. He chose a black lantern frame with blue translucent paper, and green holographic sticky-backed paper. I was worried by my eh... creative limitations with the black on blue thing (I considered 'bruises' as a theme), but I decided on making it a dark sky with a green holographic forest and I am adding some foxes and a moon. Hamish heartily approves. Phew. I've started on it, but I have until next week to get it finished and I am bored of cutting out trees already.
and it got me thinking of the place on the globe that's like that for me. where we went when i was a little girl and returned to time and time again – rancho las cruces in baja california.
1. One of the greatest challenges to the human intellect, over the centuries, has been to explain how the complex, improbable appearance of design in the universe arises.
I imitate Christ Jesus! Amen!
“In the next century, nations as we know it will be obsolete; all states will recognize a single, global authority. National sovereignty wasn’t such a great idea after all.” – Strobe Talbot, President Clinton’s Deputy Secretary of State, Time Magazine, July 20th, l992
He motioned for me, “Let’s walk. It will come. You must have patience, my child. Patience”
I actually remember hearing that Rhianna was suppose to be playing in a movie…about 3 years ago! Wow really goes to show how long it takes to make a movie like this. Anyway, I suppose the majority of the viewers are probably going to see this movie especially for Rhianna, including me…maybe…LOL.
While Greg was out there doing all of his yard work, he found this guy hanging out in our back yard. I haven’t seen a toad this big in… ever maybe? The picture doesn’t quite do it justice, but he was about as big as a baseball…or about the palm of our hand. He’s also gold! Pretty sweet lookin’ if you ask me.
"too slow" i hear
Remember how I’m mostly interested in prevention? Well, the best way to prevent childhood sexual abuse is by educating those who are in charge of children. That’s why the Stewards of Children program was created. Problem is, the ONLY person in Ottawa that is certified to offer those workshop is Cynthia and she’s getting more strecthed than Bilbo Baggins after carrying the ring for so many years.
The start point was getting to a seminar / workshop that was relevant to product suppliers, having attended several that were certainly interesting, but not really relevant; and not with anyone there that could outline what we needed to do. The lights came on when I attended a Howitt Consulting BIM workshop designed for product suppliers, with great support from Metz Architects. They run these on a regular basis. Next one is May 31st (http://www.howittconsulting.co.uk/ click on specialist seminars )
The venue for this ended up being an open-plan starbucks. You know the type where it’s just a sunken space in the floor surrounded by shops on all sides.
Anyway, i'm back!!! At the moment to be honest I feel ok about how I look. I'm not totally depressed by it. I think i'm in a pretty healthy place. In the main i'm eating well, not over eating and i'm exercising regularly but not to the point of exhaustion. However, I have my Graduation Ball in 4 weeks timeeee!!!!!!!! And I would really love to lose some weight by then. I have my dress. It's a UK size 10. Probably massive to some of you. I would have liked to have been able to get an 8 but hey I'll take a 10!!!! I've had to buy size 14s in the past. I think I would feel a little more confident wearing it and looking back at pictures if I was a bit smaller.
Doctors wanted to keep James in overnight, but the shocked youngster wanted to go home to be with his family.
In her head she thought, “What did they do to her? She looks a little different.” About 30 seconds passed before the pooch went potty. Mom looked at Judy and said, “what’s wrong? JJ doesn’t have accidents?”
recover in the non-Texas sun.
A general in the office of the Gauteng chief of police, Lieutenant General Mzwandile Petros, told Odendaal that he would accompany them to Madikizela-Mandela so they can apologise.
There are 6 steps to this stage. We would like you to:
I've (fingers crossed) got a place to stay in denton for next semester so no more commuting=more time for blogging, I've been modifying some vintage/using the crap out of my sewing machine and I got some mad good shoe steals at platos closet so as soon as I figure out this stupid stupid fart brained computer problem I'ma have so much to post!!! Other good things in my life include a pretty boy, great friends, an exciting semester about to start and the complete reorganization and purification of my room. Things are pretty peachy for me right now! I almost can't enjoy it because I'm just waiting for something to go wrong!
1) You must be a Follower of Christian Writer/Reader Connection.
Women AREN’T “defined by their genitalia”. Only men like yourself frame females that way. Females are defined by their genetic sex, and women are adult females. Adult HUMAN females. No human is defined by their genitalia, because they are human beings. A male such as yourself is by definition NOT female, because of your Y chromosome, your sperm producing testes and your male biology. Males are NEVER female. That doesn’t mean your male genitalia defines you. It is simply a fact of your biological reality. Truly, when males who wish they were female invoke the trope of “females being defined by their genitalia” they are trying to colonize and reverse feminist messages against sex-based stereotypes and sex-roles by inferring that actual biological sex reality doesn’t exist. And that’s just silly. Because humans are a sexually dimorphic species, and all your willing that to go away because for whatever reason you wish you were female, is just silly. You take a feminist meme of “women are more than just our reproductive systems, we are full human beings” and you attempt to upend it into “there is no such thing as a female”. Well hon, no one is buying that except you. Sowwy. Females actually DO exist! WITH our genitals! Or even with them (god forbid) missing for some reason. We are still female, and we are still fully HUMAN, ergo, MORE than just our reproductive capacity. It’s actually an expression of male aggression and sexism to imply that IF our female sexed reality EXISTS than we are SIMPLY GENITALS and LESS than human. See how that works? Probably not, because I don’t think you give a FLYING FUCK about anything but your own entitlement to females, and anything you think females can do for you.
What are your recs? Keep adding to the list! :)
I understand how evil and vile tv can be... i know you want your kids to get fresh air and be outside and be active. But parents, please put yourselves in our shoes sometimes and see things from these different perspectives. On days like weekends that you're home with your kids, do you make phone calls? (Probably, and this is ok! It's NORMAL!) Do you CONSTANTLY engage and play with your children? (probably not, and this is ok!) Do you hover over them and follow them around at the park and not let them just play with other kids? (I sure hope not). Please stop hiring someone to act as a perfect parent when you don't want to be one, and then get upset when they turn out to be human. Please see things from a different perspective if you can once in awhile. Are your children alive and well when you get home? Are they clothed, fed, feel safe, have a roof over their head? These are the things that matter! My job is to keep your child safe, and make sure they stay alive! I nurture them, play with them, and do other things a MOTHER would do with them because I LIKE to and feel that's what's right! I am good at what I do, and am always requested by people and have excellent references. I've never had an interview where I wasn't offered the job. So if anyone reading things in here thinks I'm a "bad nanny" for anything I've said, you don't know me and you're wrong. I'm just feeling frustrated lately by the attitude I get as a caregiver and felt some of this needed to be said.
Warm the milk, sugar and salt in a medium saucepan. Pour the cream into a large bowl and set a mesh strainer on top.
Anyway. The animation on the homepage is way cool.
The evening was in aid of Charities selected by Tim and Adrian. Solebear from Adnams was also there as Adnams offered to provided the beverages in support of the event. However, there had also been recent heated discussions between Solebear and Dave over beer duty for beers over 7.5 so this was looking like a night of fists and fireworks.
When you want to serve, put a large leaf of cabbage (or lettuce) on the tava so that the food will not stick.
After the holiday season and before St. Patrick's Day, there's usually a wonderful lull in my schedule. I can snuggle in, watch movies, give the cats some quality snuggle-time, reconnect with friends, let the harps gather a little dust. And knit. Knit, knit, knit, knit, knit.
Driving Mr. Yogi: Yogi Berra, Ron Guidry, and Baseball's Greatest Gift is a title worth remembering. Yankee fans who judge a book by its cover will be sold immediately.
When it comes to bailouts, the real discussions are not centered in Washington but rather in Beijing, Tokyo, and Riyadh. With no money of our own, our ability to bailout our own citizens is completely dependent on the world's willingness to foot the bill. While I am sure that Bush and Paulson are doing their best to convince the world that open ended financing of the United States is in the global interest, my guess is that, unlike Congress, our foreign creditors will see through the self-serving nature of our plea.
Was your classical training in any way useful in terms of what you do now as a musician?
This is the most wide-open I can ever remember this category being. The favorite may very well be a gay eightysomething, and a motion capture simian performance may actually be nominated. Don’t bet the house on these predictions, unless you like to live life dangerously.
Dw found a new hair stylist and we found a church closer to the school Dw was attending.
Back downstairs the den, living/dining room and at least one of the two guest/family bedrooms all open through the ubiquitous green tinted, floor-to-ceiling glass sliders to the fairly small but flat backyard entertainment areas with open views, a combination sunbathing and lounging terrace, plunge-sized swimming pool, party-sized spa, and a circular, built-in fire pit.
There is also a small but solid organised criminal fraternity amongst the Georgians, the Albanians and the Armenians in Odessa. One would expect that similar activities amongst the same and other groups exist all over Ukraine. Kherson, for example, has an up and coming reputation for a Korean criminal enterprise from what I have been told.
Servings : 6
Adam 930; Seth 912; Enosh 905; Kenan 910; Mahalalel 895; Jared 962; Enoch 365 (did not die, but was taken away by God: Genesis 5:24); Methuselah 969; Lamech 777; Noah 950 years old. – Source: The Holy Bible (See also: The ages of the patriarchs in Genesis 5 and 11)
Everyone says it goes too quickly and it does. But he's my baby - the last child I'll ever have and while I feel thrilled for him to have a birthday, I'm sad for me because he's growing up. If I was younger I would be tempted to have a third, but it's really not a good idea for me to ever be pregnant again so it's not an option.
Not quite as glamorous as of some of the other bridges over the Tyne but it helps to almost complete the set. The bridge has recently gone through a make-over with a coat of paint and a light show in the evening. See video below.
Like I’ve only read 3 books this year instead of 3 books a week. It’s sad. Maybe I need to take some ginko for my memory…Anyone know if that really works?
Maybe it was the matter-of-fact delivery of the bereaved friend, which belied the depths of his loss. Or the practical/existential question of who would now tend the lost mother's orchid garden. Or maybe because mothers are the first important people in a child's life and no one ever wants to lose theirs - no matter how nagging, overbearing, controlling, or imperfectly human they might be.
We stopped in at the Millicent Rogers Museum outside Taos, where a very impressive collection of Navajo turquoise and silver, Pueblo pottery, basketry and textiles was amassed by the oil heiress and fashion / jewellery designer of the 1940s. We explored the Taos Pueblo, a UNESCO World Heritage Site of adobe buildings, stacked like earthenware cubes beneath the Sangre de Cristo mountains.
For your electronic hardware, check out Gelaskins, which has a new line of superhero-themed covers for your laptop, iPad, iPhone and other devices. I tested out an X-Men theme for my iPad. It was easy to apply: just peel and stick, and should you need to remove it, it also peels off easily. The skins are reasonably priced (from $14.95 on an iPod to $29.95 for a laptop) and there are multiple designs including Iron Man, Spider-Man, and Buffy The Vampire Slayer. Already I’ve had a few people ask about the new look of my iPad!
Special stitch:
Acupuncture helps...
choreographed and vocally
Yields a subtle sweet perfume.
We plan on working on our tan
To let my kids know that I heard them, I simply repeated what they said -
Sitting here, I wonder how I ever distanced myself from blogging for such a long period of about 5 months? And in this very moment it dawned on me. Blogging is an outward process. A process where we share our thoughts with the world, and in the past 5 months I have been priviledged to have been an observer and inwardly reflect. Rather than focus on communicating with the world like I have done since as far back as I can remember, I have been communicating with self. Its been uplifting, enriching, educational, and a period of growth. Shutting out most of the outside noise and hearing ones inner voice has been profound.
the way
I know, it has a very "it puts the lotion in the basket" vibe to it. The creepiness factor makes me walk faster on the treadmill.
The power of the eagle’s flight,
We’d watch TV and eat chips and fool around
Finally, note Thiel’s argument that there is a lot of lying and that the monopolists will say they are not monopolists while non-monopolists will say they are. This is intuitively obvious in that the monopolists don’t want attention from antitrust regulation and the non-monopolists want to attract market share. I think this is probably similar with creativity and zombies in that we see a lot of highly creative people self-identifying themselves as zombie, while a lot of really run of the mill bureaucracy calls itself creative.
7. Is Halloween a con?
And the rest of the album is no less effective. The Seabirds and Estuary Bed have an almost calypso feel. Lonely Stretch features intense goth like vocals and lyrics rich in biblical imagery. Stolen Property is slow and evocative. Chicken Killer is infectious and child like. And the two tracks sung by Jill Birt deserve special mention. Tarrilup Bridge is almost nursery rhyme-like, while Tender Is the Night is evocative and beautiful, with Birt's quaint and cute vocals bringing Mo Tucker to mind.
An easy card with a base of Kiwi Kiss (I'd forgotten I had this in my stash until I went looking!) layered with white and a couple of pieces of October Afternoon Schoolhouse DP. Over the join is a piece of white ribbon topped with dark blue star ribbon that I've had in my stash for ages! The rosette and ribbon tails from You Are The Best have been stamped in Memento Tuxedo Black and coloured with Copics (B32, B34, B37). The rosette has been cut out using Blossom Three Nestabilities and I've hand cut the ribbon tails. I've stamped the sentiment from the same set in the middle, once again colouring the "1" and then popped it all up on X-press It High Tack Foam Tape. To finish I've added a couple of pewter pearls to the corners.
“It is so NOT your choicest! I happen to know, for a fact, that the mayor’s wife walked out of here pumping blood from a Mr. Cole Green, you know, the aquatic fitness director? That was last week. Now give me the good stuff!”
-take the garbage out
The piece is touching—if a Witchel article can said to be that—in its treatment of the extended Lebewohl family. And we learn a few things. Jack Lebewohl's son Jeremy, who will now run the place, has a silent partner in his brother Josh. The Lebewohls own the 33rd Street building the deli will be in. (Yeah!) There will be fish and a line of appetizing along with the meat. There will be a full bar, and the joint will be open 24/7. Hey—they and Sarge's Deli around the corner can keep each other company.
The disease was carried and spread by rats aboard ships.
And with what feelings did that mother pigeon fly off ?
To start things off, it's NOT me who is blogging from my new house. The internet/cable guy was NOT the first order of business once we moved in. There's NO way friends like Andrea and Jason could have rallied around us and shown so much support that they moved us into this house in one evening!
‘They also didn’t understand a word of English. What you wouldn’t accept was that they’d never debate the fluid dynamics of the sun’s core no matter how many times you tried to explain nuclear fusion. No, Richard, you are better here where we can put your energies to some use devising some new ground-breaking talk show format based around obesity, gypsies and/or weddings.’
Best of all, she’s not the kind of beautiful girl who’s going to let either a well-meaning psychologist or a twisted G.I. tie her up.
As far as I know there is no secret ingredient in falafel, it's a very straight forward recipe, but there is something most people may not be aware of. There are three types of falafel, one is made by chickpeas only, the other by fava beans, and the third one is made by the mixture of both chickpeas and fava beans.
One of my favorite things about HIIT is that it can be done almost anywhere. Try it on any of the pieces of cardio equipment in the gym, in the pool, or even walking, running or cycling outside. If you usually walk a hilly course, try charging up the hills faster than normal then very slowly descend as you recover. If you’re in the pool try swimming a lap as fast as you can then either swimming the next lap very slowly or even resting at the edge. Remember to get in a good 3-5 minute warm-up and cool-down too as part of your workout. Beginners might try just 3 or 4 of these low intensity intervals to start, while more seasoned exercises can work their way up to 6 or 7 high-intensity intervals. Depending on your fitness level and the length of work and rest periods, 10-20 minutes is all you need!
Oh forget it. Sure, the Vienna Boys Choir plays every Tuesday night in Kings Cross, straight after the hippo races. Come naked.
As I've been writing this blog, I have been aware that I don't use male pronouns. This has not been in the disrespect of my child or to anyone reading this. M is well aware of the fact that this is a hurdle that I have yet to leap. I'm fortunate that I have an understanding child, and that through counseling, we've both been made aware of what we are able to take in. Using female pronouns is my way of not letting go of the daughter that I still see sometimes. It may be selfish, but it's the last thing I have that I'm grasping onto. You know when you're fighting in a tug-of-war with something, and you picture all 10 fingers holding firm to whatever it is you're trying to grasp? I'm still doing that. But it's not w/ 10 fingers anymore. It's with maybe 6, 7, or 8. It's been through the support of my followers and other friends, who DO use the male pronouns when they are talking to or about M, that I have been able to start letting go. I am envious of the parents that I read about that were accepting from the beginning. I wish I had felt that way, and I am learning from them and others.
- From True Prayer by Kenneth Leech
`My name is Ozymandias, King of Kings:
HOLDER: I have not really, I have not been briefed yet.
This is why the International Marxists ( Neo-Trotskyites ) and the Global Capitalists ( Neo-Conservatives ) are all so cosy in the Fabian movement - Fabianism feeds on capitalism and excretes communism.
I had a beautiful lightbulb moment today, when it occurred to me that I was in the midst of a sea-change. Despite being small in the grand scheme of sea-changes (Im not, for example, moving from cbd Melbourne to 300 acres in Mukinbudin, WA) Ive felt a remarkable difference in my relocation on the weekend from what is essentially Chapel Street, to the far northern suburbs.
Then I am overcome by reason, and a deep, Confucian sort of righteous indignation. Do they not understand that rules are in place for the benefit of everyone? That perhaps if they kept the intersection clear then the traffic will flow more smoothly, avoid jams, and allow them to ply their routes more quickly? In the process they get to have more trips, save more gas, and eventually take home more pay. “If only they extended their concern to the whole world,” the Buddha within speaks, “then everyone would be at peace.”
It was morning in Pushkar and my second day here has just begun.
I ordered it on eBay, and it was shipped from WalMart, of all places. I’m amazed at how much I love this bag! It’s easy to carry using the handle if I’m taking it somewhere by car; and with the chest strap snapped, it was very comfortable when riding.
How the Dow Jones internship helped her career: “It’s been invaluable. Having that on my resume made newspapers sit up and take notice when I was applying for jobs (both after college and when I was laid off), especially with such a large paper listed as my first internship. I constantly use the skills I picked up working the wire, having to trim Times-length stories to much shorter news bites — handy not only at a paper with a shrinking news hole but also in my new job, to help deal with wordy engineers’ writing. Dr. Ed Trayes was incredibly influential in my journalism education, even though he only taught me directly for two weeks. He really nailed into us the importance of both detail and big-picture editing (providing a broad education about the world in the process), as well as how to conduct ourselves professionally at what was, for most of us, our first time working in a ‘real’ newsroom. I also got to meet industry giants such as Merrill Perlman; without her workshops in our Dow Jones training and at the Times, I would have probably been intimidated to approach her one on one.”
Use another double layer of paper towels to dry the beans from the top, too. Press gently, you don't want to squash the beans, but firmly too. You really want to extract as much liquid as possible.
Any questions? Leave a comment! Thanks!!
But this new one has just taken over as my favourite. It's from the Barnes and Noble website. I found it while looking for an image of the book's cover without that irritating 'Look inside' arrow that Amazon plasters over the top right-hand corner, making the image useless for all other purposes.
When to use: The opposite of the “proton accelerator” gambit. Use this when a complex explanation of football, football terms, football ideas or anything remotely polysyllabic involving football occurs.
If there is a blog entry that you like the most, or one that you feel should be included, please let me know. I want you to be apart of this process!!!!!!! You are just as much part of this blog as I am.
Sometimes, voicemail can be a blessing. Other times, it only delays the inevitable.
For the table numbers, it was one of the tags from the 2 tags die set, the vintage wheel, a small stamp to put over the 1" circle, a number from the alphabets die and a pearl. I think in looking at this today the black number needs to go and be done in crumb cake and heavily sponged so it stands out.
A drunk had been at a pub all night. At last call, the drunk stood up to leave and fell flat on his face. He tried to stand one more time, to the same result.
I have learned already!
Leading to the conclusion;
Nor yet be lured out of this book.
But none of these problems are problems for Race With the Devil’s the Marshes and the Stewarts, they are both sexy and cool in their brand spanking new $36,000 R.V, although they do however, have minor issues with angry Satanists so I suppose things even out.
Silence fell. He took a sip. She studied an ocean painting on his beige walls. “Is this your office?”
I’ve started looking up some data on my own now.
beginners cake decorating- sat 4th August- 9.30-3.30, $320
Then this will you have saving like nothing: Unlimited calls, text and picture messages, and web serving for a whole year at the wonderfully low price of $499.
What was growing in me was subtle awareness. The eggs that waited in my cardboard carton where plenty, and they were fertile. You see, sometimes, when we are drowning, we get aboard whatever ship comes by. And we love it. But that ship might not be going where we intended to. And, if we are not careful, after a time, we will forget our original itinerary and be content to mop decks and play solitaire on sea-sick nights. And that is what happened to me. Ojai was the whale that rocked my ship apart and swallowed me whole. Only, instead of spitting my up on the shore of some far off land, it rather delivered me, piece by piece, back to myself. Like those bones I wrote about so long ago, it is the nature of something that belongs to come back to itself.
I also wanted to make a practical, cute and not too expensive gift for the teachers. We are bringing them little things each day of the week.
I know we have some friends who lurk on here but are painfully shy at actually contacting us. Just want to let you know we miss you. Email me already with your info!
What is she going to do then?
Men do not browse through racks. They do not hold clothes up to themselves while trying to get a feel for how it would look on them. Men do not admire mannequins (except maybe in Victoria's Secret) and wonder if they can pull off the same outfit. Men do not get excited about a BOGO sale. Men think BOGO is a clown with red hair. Do you hear me? Men do not like following their wives and girlfriends around while they shop!
. . . all photos shot with either the iPod Touch 4G or iPad 2 . . .
In the morning we spend some time around the hotel, where it took us about half an hour to find the Shikras. A female bird was sitting free in a tree and we had plenty of time to observe it. After breakfast we went further to the colony of Blue-cheeked Bea-eaters in Liman. Along the dam to Nerimanabad there were about 2000 White-winged Terns, still migrating birds, among about 5000 Wiskered Terns. There were also some waders, especially along the coast, where we found a single Red-necked Phalarope.
Bandersnatch has known me for long enough to know what my thoughts were five years ago and what they are now. I don't rush anything and I have waited for self-publishing to become accepted, but accepted it is. There is a certainty about it that is comforting, and the sense of ownership over your own work is empowering.
And make no mistake, these decisions have consequences. As Joshua Freeman writes in Working Class New York, New York City in 1945 was a thriving manufacturing hub with over a 2.6 million workers, and a million of them were union members. Together, they built a social democratic city on a foundation of rent control, that oft maligned policy which kept a world capital a working class city for a generation, the best public housing in the country, cheap and comprehensive public mass transit, public hospitals and health services, and some of the best public schools in the world. It was a New Urbanism for its time.
One of the first craft beers I ever tried. This beer pours a beautiful clear, copper color and has aromas of plums, malt, and a little hops. This medium bodied beer and the malt and hops balance each other incredibly well with other mildly fruity flavors. This beer finishes a bit dry with a hint of sweetness. A great way to get the full spectrum of flavors in beer.
But here we have come to the meat and potatoes of the good professor's talk: education! As it is for the Bangladeshis, so it should be for us country folk in Australia! Then follows a long discussion of the problems down on the farm. Rural youngsters don't get as much education and tend to rush off to the city if they've got any brains. And how do you get young teachers to go happily off to Lake Boga to Spread the Word? Dear dear dear. With enough resources, we could be leading the world with all these brilliant country youngsters, who instead are drinking Jim Beam & Coke, crashing their utes, watching Biggest Loser, beating each other senseless or shagging in their time off from fixing fences or cleaning at the motel.
Once you turn the pillows right-side out, you have to contend with the opening. Just fold the fabric in, iron a good crease and iron a piece of fusion tape between them. By this point I was so over the piping and corner situation, that I decided to skip it on this one side. I rationalized that it would always be the end facing down, and therefore the piping would go unnoticed.
Sheik Yousef Al-Qaradhawi Responds to Prophet Muhammad’s Caricature: Whoever Is Angered and Does Not Rage in Anger Is a Jackass; We Are Not a Nation of Jackasses
It was and always will be our pleasure. Can't wait to see more updates on Daniel's progress, and wish him and your family nothing but the best in the coming year.
Analysts note that when Disney does land a hit, it is quick to spread the success around to its other businesses.
how to sit
As a Liverpool fan I hope that Suarez is innocent. I hope it was merely a misunderstanding brought about by the difference in language. Our season, for one thing, teeters on the brink. If Suarez is guilty and receives a lengthy ban that could be a top four finish out of the question for another year.
Rage is a feeling more powerful than anger. Rage is passionate, it digs it’s heels in and upholds it’s convictions, whether they are perceived as right or wrong. Rage does not come on, all of a sudden. It is ignited. Like dropping a match on a pile of unwanted papers, Rage grows into a blazing inferno of pent up emotions and feelings that have been building up from non-expression. Like the straw that broke the camel’s back, one small thing can trigger this almighty spurning of spontaneous combustion.
no longer exist in her world
We (the juniors at the time) all thought it was a little bit unfair because our bosses had built their careers partly on being award-winning creatives, but now they were in that position were stopping us from entering them.
A friend of mine habitually blesses her food by holding her hands over it and asking that anything not healthy be cleared and visualizing the food as being filled with light and healthy for her body. One night as she blessed her food something new happened. She knew what every tiny bit that needed to be cleared was, where it came from etc. There was chemical pollution, insect bits and emotional residue from the food handlers. Wow!
By the time we got onto the third beer everyone on the panel and most of the audience seemed to be quite merry.
The revolutionary workers’ movement since the days of the Paris Commune has a tradition of workers’ democracy which promotes the broadest democratic discussion leading to organized and centralized united class-wide action. This form of organization is derived from the nature of the class war, which has been launched upon us by the bosses. Our enemy is the most organized, centralized, militarized; national security state ever assembled and is united to take every action “necessary” in defense of private ownership of the means of production. Its defeat requires higher levels of organization.
These three sentences (particularly the last one) brought tears to my eyes and caused me to write an email to a good Georgia girl I know:
A fourth thing is this: How about the church is known for its proclamation of the truth of God’s Word? I know, I know: I’m crazy right? But just what might happen, get ready…if the Church actually started believing in the Bible as the Word of God instead of continuing to think of it as a book of moral stories designed to enlighten us and teach us how to be wonderful, happy, art loving, tree hugging, people? The reason we are not a people of peace now is because we do not love the God of peace or His Word. The Bible is just another book that can be mined for practical, self-help BS. (Colossians 1)
He hates big deals out of his birthday so simple it is. I went and picked up dinner at Applebee's, a few gift cards to Barnes and Nobles for his e-reader. A CD/DVD Led Zeppelin, and apple pie/french vanilla ice cream for dessert. See told ya pretty simple guy.
My recovery was pretty intense and I guess I never really thought about that part of the process. I was too worried about the whole labor part that I completely neglected worrying about the recovery. Guess it worked out in my favor because it's not like I needed anything else to stress over! I will say my whole body was sore from pushing for about a week, my lower region was very tender for about the first week after, and that there's a lot of blood. Basically everything this post mentions is the perfect explanation. It's so real and true to life. Eventually I was able to get around pretty easily and was back to normal pretty quickly. As of two weeks postpartum I have lost about 25 pounds of about 30 that I gained. I'm pretty pleased with that number.
Cherries red, boom de-ay!
There are times when she doesn't seem quite like herself but i'm thinking all the medicines that she's on is to blame for that. Today she was out in the yard sniffing around and soaking up the sunshine and that to me is the best sight ever!
I loved every minute of my wintery holiday in Kansas with the warm company of family and quality visits with amazing friends, yet all the while, I felt like a piece of myself was missing. On the morning we opened Christmas presents, one little elf was missing from my nephew's package-unwrapping carnage. When toasting around the room in celebration of a New Year, there was one special face I missed kissing. So when I stepped into the outstretched arms of my husband and let my son wrap his chubby arms around my neck, I reunited with those missing pieces of me.
One evening, when our family gathered round the icon of the Holy Family, our son said, while playing with his toys: “Well, that’s just ohana.”
I arrived early at South Street Seaport for the cruise, and people watched before boarding the boat. A couple a students where filming a movie. A group of girls asked me to take their picture. It was one of the girl’s birthdays. A mother and daughter talked about the weather. And of course there was a bunch of lovey-dovey couples waiting for the boat. I began second guessing my decision to take this cruise alone. I should be with Rob. Or at least one of my kids. Or a girl friend. I forged ahead regardless and walked on the cruise ship. Just call me Miss Independence! :)
Being Palestinian is a part of who I am, (as are being Jordanian, American, female, crazy, a mother, crazy, etc.) and although it does not define me, it is the answer to the question of where the color of my hair and skin, and the shape of my eyes and nose come from. It explains my affinity for dark bitter coffee and the smell/taste of freshly baked pita bread, as well as why I rip my bread up into little pieces and dip it into my food. It explains why I’ve lived in so many different parts of the world, attended 11 schools (before college), and am constantly looking for a place to call home.
The Arsenal player steps up, scores.
They are beautiful and exotic because of their Asian culture, Thai women are known to be one of the best wives in the world. More and more western men are looking for women in Thailand and in Singapore, Philippines etc ...
It's also not a preachy book, she says very honestly that if you are working full time or have young children then making your own soap, keeping chickens and growing all your own produce may not be a realistic goal.. and that's okay. You do what you can at the moment and work towards those goals in the future.
The man who launched Whitehead’s career is Rousas John Rushdoony, perhaps the leading theocratic Christian thinker of the 20th Century. Rushdoony (who died in 2001 at the age of 84) headed the secretive Chalcedon Foundation in Vallecito, California, and was the founder of what is called the Christian Reconstructionist movement. “Reconstructionism” asserts that in order to pave the way for the “Kingdom of God,” the world must develop theocratic republics ruled by “Biblical law.”
There is no other way to explain Obama and his policies other than to conclude that it’s all been deliberate, and that the deliberation has some ultimate purpose that goes beyond the shallow argument of Capitalism vs. Socialism.
Earlier this year, Rochas announced that Olivia Palermo would be the face of their newest fragrance, Les Cascades de Rochas, and the first image has finally dropped.
Fun, right? Those are the closest things we have to pets right now... I feel like I should give them names or something :)
A board and batten treatment was applied to the drywall behind the stove, further bringing in brightness and all things white.
Apart from music, WOMAD has children’s workshops, graffiti, modeling, painting, storytelling, circus and other activities. To make the event even more entertaining, musicians cook their choice of dish to entertain the audience.
You are not even going to believe it - these little panels in the background? Yeah, they are different sizes, right? So in my random measurement on my paper, I ended up cutting them all equal. What? I can't cut a rectangle into equal thirds when I try, so why the heck did it happen when I threw caution to the wind? Hmm... I'm using a couple different stamp sets today from Taylored Expressions - the flowers are from Discover Your Wings, the butterfly (and butterfly die) from New Beginnings, and the sentiment from Garden Party Blooms. You know, a little of this, little of that. I picked up some new Basic Grey Hopscotch paper and buttons and have been dying to use them! I stamped the flowers in Dark Brown Fluid Chalk Ink and then cut the panel out with a Labels 11 Nestabilities Die.
I totally need a ‘FAQs Friday’ theme tune lol. Something I could play in my head when I’m typing! As it is, I’m listening to Josh Groban – Ala Luce Del Sol. Love it!
Gary Ross vs Jim Palmer.
The concessions awarded to Andrew Lim and another timber tycoon, Elbert Lim, included two large areas of forest in the WWF Heart of Borneo Treaty Area. The licences allowed logging in Malua Forest Reserve.
Responsibilities:
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In a large bowl with an electric mixer, cream the sugar and butter on medium speed until smooth and fluffy. Reduce the speed to low, add the eggs one at a time, beating briefly after each addition just to blend. Add the yogurt, vanilla and Grand Marnier and beat in on low speed, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Add the dry ingredients and blend on low until just incorporated.
So Emmett and I are hope for about an hour by ourselves. He is so naughty these days. He is always crying and throwing a fit if he doesn't get what he wants right this minute. Grr kinda embarrassing to take him anywhere. But he does have his cute moments. He always is saying mommy mommy watch me or mommy mommy look watererer. he has a hard time stopping his r's it is so stinkin cute. The other day we were in Chris' truck and he says mommy hug n kisses and gave me hug then a kiss then a hug back n forth for about 5 minutes. Too cute.
Did I jump at the chance to jump ship? HECK NO! This publisher just proved to me what they had claimed all along. Their authors are most important to them. They invest their time, money and a whole heck of a lot of effort to help their authors become a success. I wasn’t upset by the delay, I was thrilled!
Oh no! Flowers caught in the snow! Do you think they'll make it?
Nonetheless, petitioners contend that private respondent failed to comply with the requirements of Administrative Circular No. 09-94 on non-forum shopping and, therefore, her complaint should have been dismissed by the trial court. We find this contention to be well taken.
putt all the fruits together in a saucepan, add 1 cup pf water, 3-4 tbsf sugar, a pinch of salt and stew covered for 15 min. You will see it turning jamish in a short time. Add water if it sticks. But you do want a bit of stickiness. It is a jam after all. Keep mashing till you get a jam like consistency.
But, I guess you are wondering what it is I'll be drinking, and I must say I'm very impressed with the battle plans that are posted on other blogs, but every year I plan to try x,y&z beers it all goes wrong because I inevitably can't go more than two steps without seeing someone I know and get sidetracked! Also, I have the opportunity to drink a lot of the ones I like during my guided tours!
SAVE ME
Having said that, I won’t rule out that sitting stationary at our family dining table in the front room and staring at my laptop for many hours of the day has something to do with feeling sluggish and tired. Admittedly it has often been the lack of any vibrant movement that has got me a bit irritated at times. But alas, when one needs their laptop for almost EVERYthing (as most people do nowadays): sending emails; monitoring projects; reading articles & journal entries; typing up documents etc…not to mention the fact that I haven’t seen or socialised with any of my friends for 8 days now (which is actually a long time when you usually live with your best friends), it’s pretty much a given that one would feel a tendency to get frustrated. However, this holiday, and other recent ones like it, I’ve been taking conscious steps to still remain a normal functioning human being, and not a robot from being cooped up in exile; studying, reading and writing.
Sometimes a teacher’s job means reaching out to a student and letting them know it is going to be O.K. They are going to get through this… and much more than this. They are stronger than they think.
Meatless Meatballs (page 139)
04 Bomb
The experiences we had in the past weeks can be likened to a movie that portrays the lives of those who pushed for the unconventional and unpopular. I have already an idea how difficult those pursuits were, but the difficulties experienced firsthand are truly an uphill climb. Unlike in movies, success stories can be expected in two hours or so, approaching to its end, but ours can most likely take a lifetime. The start, laying the foundation of the advocacy, awareness-raising of its rationale and necessity, is grueling. Out of the hundreds we have talked to, we have won some. They sustained our optimism and enthusiasm to keep on going.
A Family Affair
Merriam-Webster’s Pocket Guide to English Usage supports the point about how each form has its particular virtues:
“Alright, I’m on it. Over.”
The Carriage Cafe is located in Seville, about an hour from Melbourne off the Warburton Highway.
I finally quit. Full notice and all that. I’m strangely elated. It’s like climbing up a mountain weighed down by thousands of pounds, only to have it all lift away effortlessly when I got to the top. I’ve definitely come a long way from where I was; I am more capable than ever of leading some semblance of a normal existence. As much as I hate the hopelessness of being unemployed that has already begun to writhe somewhere in the back of my consciousness, that horrible, deadly anxiety has fled me.
But it wouldn't go down his throat.
Yes they will migrate to various corners and niches of North America. For example (as I mentioned earlier) Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada, is a global center for nondual teaching, training, and research. Who ever heard of the place?
2 Samuel 14:1-2, “So Joab the son of Zeruiah perceived that the king’s heart was concerned about Absalom. And Joab sent to Tekoa and brought from there a wise woman, and said to her, “Please pretend to be a mourner, and put on mourning apparel; do not anoint yourself with oil, but act like a woman who has been mourning a long time for the dead.”
5. Mayor of Your Town – Leona Naess
Their enemy is you and me. The battle plan is to make drinking socially unacceptable, to create an appetite that will support far more draconian measures than those currently being proposed. That’s how the smoking ban worked. It took 40 years – with drink, it’s happening much quicker.
That South Africa has the highest Aids infection and death rates is neither altogether Mbeki's doing, nor coincidental. Legislation and other government-driven policies and programmes have engendered an environment that has escalated the pandemic. For example, the permissive pregnancy rules and social grants (especially for children) introduced by the Constitution and government have encouraged teenagers and unmarried women to have children on a large scale. The spread of Aids has been a consequence; the evidence is there for all to see. And so too there is a high correlation between this abnormal government-sponsored population explosion, on the one hand, and the deepening of the Aids crisis, of Malthusian poverty aggravation, moral degeneration and social disintegration on the other. This harvest of liberal democracy and ANC rule is now dubbed “the Mbeki legacy”.
Well, I do love writing. Gotta disagree with Mrs. Parker, for once. But these days, I'm makin' bucks, with little time to spend on my beloved knitting, spinning, and weaving.
The only problem: None of this is true either. Yes, Andrew Carnegie was a follower of Herbert Spencer and lots of people referenced “natural law” (though rarely as a reference to Darwinian evolution). But for the most part the captains of industry couldn’t care less about this stuff. As Robert Bannister and Irwin Wylie (and more recently Princeton intellectual historian Thomas Leonard) have painstakingly documented, the captains of industry in the 19th century were not particularly influenced by, or even aware of, Darwin and Spencer. This shouldn’t surprise anybody. “Gilded Age businessmen were not sufficiently bookish, or sufficiently well educated, to keep up with the changing world of ideas,” writes Wylie. “As late as 1900, 84 percent of the businessmen listed in Who’s Who in America had not been educated beyond high school.”
MARKO HAMLIN TODAY
Myself, I'm still attempting to rouse myself from an annoyingly persistent coldish/fluish/allergish bug that has had me in its thrall for more than a week now. It started out as a cough and sore throat, and morphed into a general drippiness with sporadic bursts of low-grade fever. Sadly, though, nothing so severe as to allow me to miss work. As is true of all the moms I know, I feel I must save up those days for either kid illnesses or major coronary events.
My base card is white and mattered with white and rust card stock. My image is stamped with Versafine Onyx Black, heat set then coloured with distress inks. Embellishments are lace, ribbon, a sentiment, and black gems.
Rick Perry, foe of big government; here’s a man who hasn’t had a private sector job since he peddled Bibles in the 1960’s. Who’s become a millionaire working in the public sector, lives in a $10,000 a month luxury home paid for by taxpayers while he collects a $150,000 salary and a $92,000 state pension at the same time.
I think this might explain while most readers don’t see Jonathan as I do; it’s because they empathise with him and, because he becomes a surrogate for them, of course they want to minimise his faults and failings. I’ve never heard anyone yet relating to Truth. The final goal of comic catharsis is not the purging of bad feelings but the modification of the spectator or reader’s attitude toward the butt of the joke. In other words: I don’t want to become like him in case something like that happens to me. If we act like Frank Spencer we’ll be treated like Frank Spencer.
It's finally time for the Creative Cuts and More Gingerbread House Album Blog Hop! I just have to tell you I had a BLAST working on this album, it was so much FUN! The best part is, I'm not done :) Once we have our annual cookie making day, I am going to add photos and more embellishments. I can't wait!
I would still be British had I been born on the open seas, for it is to Britain that I trace my genes and my bloodline. These men have no such claim, and to grant them one, is not only artificial but it denies them their true culture.
Odell Brewing Company Odell Double Pilsner
But if you just want to live a comfortable life and never really deal with your own ego, then simply avoid people who challenge you, avoid people who have a different point of view than you, and hide out immediately behind “live and let live” and “let’s agree to disagree” and some vague and self-serving (ego-serving) (mis-)definition of “respect.”
'Normal' people have two working copies of the cystic fibrosis gene, one from each parent.
I’m tired.
Here’s how I made my raspberry trifle:
Obama needs to put this principle into practice, and there is no better case for the humanitarian use of force than the urgent need to arrest Joseph Kony, the ruthless leader of the Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA), and protect the civilians who are his prey.
It all feels a bit like the circle of life today.
What do I think of it?
o Preheat the oven to 160˚C
Regi
No I’m not going for the traditional white cake. I want this:
The next day, Kumayama barges into Torahata's room and demands Torahata to give him his money back that Torahata had recently swindled from Kumayama. The two get into a fistfight and Kumayama knocks Torahata down. Kumayama crawls into Torahata's money cabinet and begins to steal the money from it. Torahata wakes up and sees Godzilla approaching the hotel. He then grabs a gun and kills Kumayama. Torahata tries to escape with his money but Godzilla destroys the hotel, crushing the greedy head of Happy Enterprises to death.
The review copy was kindly sent by the publishers, Nancy Paulsen Books / Penguin. If you make a purchase using the Amazon links on this site, a small portion goes to Great Kid Books (at no cost to you!). Thank you for your support.
arrested the owner who threatened to close the restaurant.
Problem is, as long as their are estate sales, flea markets, boot sales and sidewalks with stuff for sale, I'm never getting over this one.
This year, she was involved as a Kairos retreat leader, Hospitality minister, and Vice President of Students for Peace and Justice. Outside of University Ministry, Cisarik stays busy serving as a Student Supervisor for Phonathon.
-AOA Nightcrawler decides he'd stay on.
I tend toward the philosophical around holidays (ok, other times too).
Give us your poor, your tired, your victories against overwhelming odds, your food and spirits, and we’ll make it into a proper holiday.
This is another "found footage" type of movie. It supposedly shows why there were no more missions to the moon. Basically, two astronauts are on the moon and they begin to see things out of the corners of their eye. Things start moving of their own accord. They find footprints that don't belong to them. And of course they must investigate. This is, after all, a horror movie. According to the trailer I watched, one of the astronauts contracts a disease or is bitten or scratched or something, by something, and begins to fall apart. The other astronaut must then fight for his life. In a tiny shuttle. On the moon. Do I think it will be scary? Well, most horror movies are scary, so yes. Do I think it will be original and memorable. No. But still, another addition to the horror genre. And of course I'll go see it because I'm a sucker for movies that go "BOO!" in the dark and quiet. My guess: 2.5-3 out of 5
Then he started to climb.
I was wondering how many vacuums you go through? Or if by chance you have any pets? Other then squirrels and critters. A dog makes a great vacuum!
How to make Bhutte Ke hare Kabab
For the drizzle icing:
That is why I do not just collect books on or about writing for children.
Anita Leslie, Churchill’s cousin, writes that the family was staying there after their return from Europe and then rented 8 Amity after Jennie was born. Leslie wrote, “Jennie was certainly sure of the house in Brooklyn where she was born, because she pointed it out,” and then, infuriatingly, doesn’t footnote it, so we don’t know when or how Jennie supposedly pointed the house out.
Daily Post
You stand up for yourself,
in order to qulify for additional entries, you need to leave a SEPERATE comment, on THIS POST ONLY, for each addtitional step you follow- for example: you need to leave one comment stating which kit you like best, and if you decide to follow the blog, then you would leave a second comment, and if you want to follow on facebook, you would leave a third comment. If you only leave one comment for all three steps, you will only qualify for ONE entry into the drawing. You will qualify for three entries by leaving three comments.
Len loved his rhythm and hip action and thought the dance was fun. Brno told him he got the party started. Carrie Ann said he came out with attack and fire and she loved it.
a psychedelic experience
You can crop it, edit it, Facebook it and type a few beautiful words to describe what that moment meant to you..
I have written before about telling publishers of your own health problems or difficulties, but those of your dependents are a rather different issue. It all seems even more out of control. If you're unwell yourself, you know how unwell you feel, what you might be able to - and how much information you are willing to share with the outside world. But when your child (or partner, or parent) is sick, you are dealing with someone else's feelings and privacy. It's very difficult. It's also very difficult because their sickness is so much more painful than your own, and the feelings of helplessness and despair are far more acute than if you are ill yourself.
Well, this episode was completely awful. Absolutely none of the storylines worked in this episode. Peach is a completely one dimensional character, and bringing her up again did nothing but make me realize how terrible she is. The Sophie and Oleg storyline is basically being repeated every 2 weeks and not only is it not interesting, it’s not funny. All the sex puns and “glazed ham” jokes do nothing in this plots favor. I’ve been seriously wondering why I continue to watch this show, and this episode showed me no reasons to continue to. I guess we’ll see if next week’s finale will be the episode to finally get me to jump ship. What did you guys think of the episode? Leave your TwoCents in the comments below!
The fatigue was overwhelming, and the only energy I did have was fueled by frustration and anger. My spirit was devoured by worry. I worried about not beating it, about who and what I would leave behind, about what happens after your heart stops beating and your eyes close forever, about being shut out of the world of the living.
“I dunno,” Connor replied. He opened the door and climbed out, wincing as the car alarm next to him continued to screech. The vehicle’s owner ran out of the restaurant, aimed his key ring, and shut it up.
In the early 60’s there were probably more prop planes than jets.
That said, the book does not draw or create an exact approach because there is no one exact approach to success in the music business. What rings true for you in these pages? What bad habits can you get rid of, and what good ones can you build on? It’s the artists’ responsibility to learn and analyze the industry and, from there, to organize the ideas presented here into a plan that they will execute on their own for themselves.
I’m not going to go find grandmothers and take them out of their homes and deport them. Those are your words, not my words. And to use that rhetoric suggests to people that somehow, if you’re not willing to keep people here who violated the law, that you’re anti- immigrant. Nothing could be further from the truth.
The challenge this week is to use an image with a bug and bonus points if you use your cricut or cuttlebug. Since I have a Silhouette, not a cricut, I embossed the black cardstock with the my cuttlebug - Bonus!
In the two hours I was there, the entire truck shown in the photograph above was filled with all sorts of bicycles and similar modes of transport, including one that reminded me of my youth (as you can see from the picture above). Once filled, the bikes are transported to Share-a-Bike’s drop-off facility in East Lansing and the truck returns to be re-filled again.
5. The kid's REALLY need underbed storage. I am hoping to use these as inspiration to DIY our own out of our leftover dresser drawers from the dresser we removed. Chalkboard paint plus reinforced drawers plus casters = tons of extra storage!
DJS SAMUEL VALENTINE AND JES LEOPARD SPIN HARD-ROCK, SLEAZE-ROCK, AND HEAVY METAL
Me: I’ll do it outside. In the culdesac. That’s far from the house. It will look cool in the dark with snow falling down. Yeah?
August: Willy Deville, Rashied Ali, Ellie Greenwich
Start that process of collecting ideas today and continue it while you’re working on your current script. You’ll find this is a nifty way to defuse your brain’s built in propensity to get you to ‘switch tracks’ right in the middle of a project. It’s a similar process to keeping a script journal while you write. Every time your LEFT brain nags you about a FIX it wants to take time to do - you write it down. Your left brain is acknowledged, so your RIGHT brain can continue to be creative!
sweet things that will be calling my name. It was a very stressful week last week at
Seventeen-year-old Amy joins her parents as frozen cargo aboard the vast spaceship Godspeed and expects to awaken on a new planet, three hundred years in the future. Never could she have known that her frozen slumber would come to an end fifty years too soon and that she would be thrust into the brave new world of a spaceship that lives by its own rules.
Looking more carefully at Chapter 11 of Luke’ Gospel we see that the evangelist was not just recounting a series of unrelated stories about Jesus’ prayer life and His sayings, but rather was taking these sayings and teachings to string together a spiritual lesson, laying out the importance of prayer in bringing forth The Kingdom in our world today!
This week the challenge I have for you is "Over the Edge" - create a card, or paper craft item with a design element that is not restricted to the boundaries of the card edges, and continues to flow off the edge of the card, for instance this could be a die cut element, a sentiment banner, a fussy cut image, ribbon etc. Push your design to the edge .... and have fun!
Next: Playing the violin
Now I have an odd collection of facts running through my brain so I was aware that there are college stadiums in the United States, soccer stadiums in Mexico, and cricket stadiums in India that can seat over 100,000 (actually the Top Ten List can be found here), but I was not aware that a stadium in Cusco, Peru, that hosts the local soccer stadium had the distinction of “largest”.
A lot of your stories feature ghosts and hauntings. How do you come up with so many spooky ideas?
The fact is that these agencies are just another arm of the cash-guzzling financial services sector. They have no interest in accurate reporting – who holds them to account? – and merely help to create the conditions under which rapacious markets can fleece economies and bleed countries dry, leaving the ordinary populace to foot the bill with draconian austerity packages. Credit rating agencies are merely one part of the self-referential cesspool that is international finance, and no more.
Attrack An Avalanche Of Compliments About Your Healthy, Fit and Beautiful Body
To say that this debate was acrimonious would be an understatement. Almost from the get go, there were interruptions from the time-keepers, points of order objections from the moderators and general one-ups-manship from everyone as both sides tried to win points and make the other side look foolish and uninformed. Things got very ugly and very loud very quickly. At one point, one of the overhead charts (that I flipped very professionally) read, "My opponent has said…" and then quoted him on the chart. Immediately there was a thundering "Point of order" objection as our opponent’s moderator (which seemed to function more like the "second" in a duel, except with more attitude) demanded to know the source of the quotation. On the chart, the statement was enclosed in quotation marks indicating a direct quotation, so they wanted to know the citation details. Of course, this was completely disingenuous; what they wanted was to interrupt the flow of the speech and win a few points. So we had to find a citation for the quote.
Marriage, divorce, homosexuality, procreation, contraception, reproductive technologies can be examined within the same theological framework, and that is by examining what God has to say about marriage. The foundational command of Scripture is for a man and woman to be fruitful and multiply within the confines of marriage. Genesis 1:27-28 states, “God created man in His own image, in the image of God He created him; male and female He created them. God blessed them; and God said to them, ‘Be fruitful and multiply, and fill the earth, and subdue it; and rule over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the sky and over every living thing that moves on the earth.” God hates divorce. Matthew 19:6 states, “So they are no longer two, but one flesh. What therefore God has joined together, let no man separate.” “Fruitfulness,” or natural reproduction is only possible in a male and female union (1 Corinthians 7:2-4).
One method, while not entirely new, offers an alternative to the top-down practice of lecturing students and having them take notes and fill out worksheets. Classrooms that exhibit this type of learning are called “Flipped Classrooms”. Flipped Classrooms basically do just that, they flip the typical practice of education on its head, enabling students to explore knowledge individually, and teachers act more like moderators and a reliable source of wisdom and facilitation.
I can definitely stop whinging about pasta in the city, for not long after two options for decent, non-microwaved, non-bain marie pasta came the third – Café Sopra on Bridge Street, underground opposite the Australian Securities Exchange building.
Feeling good today to have laid down the mantle of doula. (I never liked that word. It doesn't adapt, how does one conjugate this term? Doula-ing? For heaven's sake.) It wasn't my best work and as I am speeding straightaway towards the end of the decade of my fifties, it's right and proper to release all endeavors that don't fit like a glove.
And of course your girl is probably wondering whether you are so completely sloshed by the way your talking or if it’s just “AutoTune” (something T-Pain is world-renown for). Here’s my Top 5 tracks that use this feature…
8000 watts maximum capacity
I know that I've been posting a lot of cakes lately. I don't know what is going on with me...but my family is pleased :) This recipe was fueled by a huge cake flop/doozie just hours before a BBQ. Not only did the cake pan overflow in the oven, but it came out sickeningly sweet and unserveable. After making several changes I've come up with an awesome, crowd pleasing dessert. Y'all, this beats any summer cake I've ever made! Promise! And it can easily be assembled a day in advance.
the House of Representatives,
Hello everyone! I wanted to thank you again for all the
The werewolf element of the movie is even less developed than the heavy-handed social commentary. The transformation effects would be a nod and a wink to The Wolf Man if they weren’t even worse, and the monster itself is as scary as a lost puppy that can’t stop soiling itself.
Hubby: "Two."
The Fiend of Vaults:
She makes a wish to be with him and tell him here feelings.
Meanwhile, Romania is waiting to see a new cabinet shaping up in this coming week. The country’s government collapsed on Friday as the result of a confidence vote and caused the IMF to rethink its €5bn aid package. read article
Remember, I have a switch for the partition too. It's important to tell me NOT to use it ahead of time if you don't want me to surprise you.
Thanks for reading and keep smiling.
Cut marshmallows in half and place on top of the pie until covered.
This section mostly deals with how to follow the rules and not how to overturn them, or what they really mean, or how to articulate them when looking at non-story based work. There is only brief comment on how fixed structures can be damaging for a writer. ‘Use the sequences of change that best expresses your story’. Leaving the word ‘story’ to be used in the rest of the book without having been interrogated.
This official greeter at the Galle Face Hotel has been at his post for something like 70 years!
I used wax paper to scoop and squish into slider size patties. My hands never touched the meat. I used the wax paper as much as I could by folding it over the meat. You can still form it just as fast as you can without the wax paper. Yes, I am a raw meat snob. :)
We have tried to explain and show them footage of the show but we really wont know how they (or us for that matter) will truly react when we see a life size 72 foot tall Brachiosaur until tomorrow night.
The Heart Throbs: Dreamtime
So did his father before him, until his gruesome murder by a ghost he sought to kill. Now, armed with his father's mysterious and deadly athame, Cas travels the country with his kitchen-witch mother and their spirit-sniffing cat. Together they follow legends and local lore, trying to keep up with the murderous dead—keeping pesky things like the future and friends at bay.
The social environment at university was, she says, 'bawdy and competitive'. For those who did sports, it was even more so.
Is it a fair question to ask? Is it POSSIBLE that Israel’s actions vis-à-vis the Palestinians since 1948 have created some sort of deep, inner-desperation among the Palestinian people that could explain their horrible antics?
~100 Days of Summer, Destinations and Life Documented by Simple Stories & Memory Works
— Also in the same 1998 election, voters approved a separate ballot initiative to authorize medicinal use of marijuana for specified conditions, with a doctor’s permission. (The majority here was 54.6 percent.) California was the first state to do so in 1996. Sixteen states and Washington, D.C., have such laws; Maryland allows it only as a legal defense, and is not among the 16. Federal law, however, makes no such provision.
Here are some tips about making connections.
Now, I have cleaned up mouse turds before, including several dead mice caught in our mouse traps.
"It’s awesome. You can walk down the street and have a pint of BBC, then two blocks away go to Deschutes and then four blocks away go to 10 Barrel or Boneyard. It’s great beer and we just want to add to the notoriety by brewing beer that is up to that level," Barnett said.
“When I was young, I just loved dancing. I believed I was better than the others at it. But dancing isn’t just something you can do just by following what the others do. Just like the choreographers and dancers who are recognized worldwide who continuously find and work on new dances, I realized I had to make efforts to be able to do better than the others.”
I hate shoppping.
And the "sting" was a success, with four men later arrested and a further six under investigation.
According to the ADB, the current account is expected to move from a surplus of 0.9% of GDP in 2010-11 to a deficit of 0.5% of GDP in 2011-12 to a bigger deficit of 1% of GDP in 2012-13. Is this a cause for concern? Let me echo what I said about the current account two months ago:
You have guessed that I left the tour a contented tourist. Aside from being treated with generous hospitality at all the locations that I had visited, the tour gave me a quick introduction to Ayurveda, Jamu massage and Traditional Chinese Medicine. I would say that this tour is one tour to allow one to be exposed to the various healing practices that specific cultures in Singapore practises. While the time for the tour is too short to learn anything in-depth about these healing practices, novices like myself will find it a great way to have a snapshot of the various healing practices.
I'm talkin' about
After the war is over Jonah comes upon a wagon that has been destroyed. Looking through the ruins he finds Noh-Tante's medicine amulet. Within the week he finds the Apache village and meets White Fawn. She explains that she has wed Noh-Tante. Jonah confronts the chief and explains how he was betrayed by Noh-Tante "twelve years before" (so we are now in 1866). The chief declares that this arguement must be decided in a tomahawk fight.
I sure do! I enjoy very good health, I have the typical aches and pains that come with age, but overall I'm one very healthy girl and I'm very grateful as well. I have no idea where people who deal with illness on a daily basis find the strength to go on, well I have some idea...GOD. I am a pitiful sicko, can't do much of anything...except feel sorry for myself. I managed to keep the crying fits to a minimum this time around, that is an improvement. It seems I have to have a pity party and fall apart before I can see how blessed I am the majority of the time. What a baby!!!
"Be very careful. We're a lot deeper in the Sherim than we were." Her voice had a ragged edge, and Rel realised that not all the trembling he could feel was his. "I took a shortcut."
It's too bad I didn't get a better photo of my hair. I recently bought a "banana clip" and am enjoying the 80's revival. It works well with my wavy hair.
Conventional law enforcement models are not protecting people. Sometimes, when convictions are secured after good work by the Gardaí, suspended or light sentencing sends out the message that violent crime is okay. A more radical approach is required. We should intern those suspected of violent crimes.
but the soil shall be set against an alien crop
Only three hundred thousand dollars......
double water bottle braze-ons. 126mm rear spacing.
I was extremely looking forward to adding another fine dining location to our list, only to hear from our friends that this was the restaurant’s last weekend after 13 years in business.
“So Long You Pretty Thing” is a prime example of this. The song starts slow, sounding like the type of hymn a congregation would sing on Good Friday, or at a wake. Pierce sings out to God and Jesus, looking for succor and answers to the deepest of existential questions, “hoping for a reason to be here,” and “hoping for the reason to be clear.” But the song shifts at the 4:15 mark, where a chorus that combines both redemption and blessing rings out backed by horns, strings, and a choir. Nothing is ultimately answered, and it’s not even clear if Pierce is discouraged, but rather just hoping to offer a spark to light the way, as he fades into silence singing “sail on, so long.”
6’55 Down
You will see those later.
Nonna has continued to decorate our new home in her head and sends me fifty e-mails a day about where I should put everything. I think I have a few ideas of my own on where I should put that stuff...LOL!
11am-5pm. Free! At the Albion Peace Centre. Wooooo! My friend Steven has put so much effort into organising this, and if it's anything less than stellar, I promise to forward your complaints onto him. But it won't be. There will be pies, auctions, stalls, entertainment, competitions, and everything you ever dreamed would be at a quaint, small-town fair, with proceeds going to Not-For-Profit organisations. So many awesome vegans will be there. More information is here.
I’m in my friend’s wedding this weekend, so I’ll be pretty busy, but I’ll try to share something either on Saturday or Sunday.
And thus within an EMS system you have ALL beings able to participate within Sports and thus the level of quality and skill level within sports will increase.
So what do YOU think? Are you part of the e-book revolution? Or are you more of a “love-the-smell-of-old-books” sort of muse? Vote on the sidebar!
DR MAROON: Hey, Kim! You got the runner-up prize – Not so Smug now are you? Ha!
Last week I saw a comic that tickled my funny bone. A man went to the doctor and had x-rays. The doctor points to one of the x-rays and says, “Good news! You have a book in you, just waiting to come out.”
Once I finish I am going to one dollar oysters #everyonetotallycaresaboutwhatimdoingfordinner.
Loud, deep, and lang, the thunder bellow'd:
No, I will not buy a rice cooker...we have hard water, and cleaning them takes more time than cooking the brown rice...
Retirement savings, you say? Yep, I’m already thinking of the distant future. I don’t really see myself hitting the lotto big time anytime soon, and I also don’t fancy myself getting married to a filthy rich dude in the next 5 or 10 years. I mean, I don’t even fancy myself getting married, period. That’s the deal. It will just be me and me alone. I need to think ahead. I need to prepare.
Operating frequency
Sierra Gardner
And, as she entered the church that day, the weeds grew flowers of red;
I prepared the area by adding some soil acidifier for good measure, and packing the soil back down. I collected the first pieces of moss from my parents' property, which has a large area of beautiful ferny looking moss. Their soil has lots of clay, whereas ours beneath the amended topsoil is pure sand. I collected large pieces in zip-lock bags, brought them home, and planted them immediately.
All the scenes at the batteries rise in detail before me again,
from that brave and fearless band.
Are you a boredom eater?
We go to the outside - it is windy. This should serve as a reminder not to wear a cape when it is windy because said cape will fly over one's head and impede vision when trying to get into a car and thus you will bang your head and think you have given yourself a extradural haematoma.
rest of tonight and all weekend just enjoying
Limit to one serving of healthy fats to keep calories in check. Try a tablespoon of nut butter or seeds, or chopped avocado.
Although I might have wanted her to get revenge on the (nameless, faceless) people who bullied her (great revenge novels like Sidney Sheldon's OTHER SIDE OF MIDNIGHT and Judith Krantz' SCRUPLES should be on your shelf) it's much less likely I'll sympathize with her now wanting "fame and fortune." Protagonists don't have to be nice or sweet or even good people. But they must get and keep our sympathy. Lose that, and you lose your reader.
Hopefully, we'll be able to see more of these beautiful centerpieces!
Thanks again, Cory, Carson and Kamree, for making my 40th birthday sooo much fun! I think it’s safe to say that I am not the only one who loves a good party – it’s a family affair around here! Nine more days until the next party, but who’s counting?!
In some ways, I can equate it to this:
-Winners will be notified in late March by e-mail and announced on Earth day
Other doctors think the benefits outweigh the harms. “We should be aware of the fact that this influenza can mutate,” Dr. Bruce Hirsch, an infectious diseases specialist at North Shore University Hospital in Manhasset, N.Y, told HealthDay. “Publication makes us safer because we know what to look out for now. This can help facilitate preventive strategies and can eventually lead to more effective vaccine development and antiviral therapy.”
The Florence Library is offering a computer class on advanced email today at 3 pm. Topics will include making attachments and web links, as well as creating folders and labels, and editing the address book.
I just wanted to pop in real quick to share 2 new projects on Craft Project Central - the first one is an adorable Magnetic Christmas Countdown Calendar by Heather Stevens:
When you keep things simple, an arm full of bracelets or an awesome necklace really stand out.
I really enjoyed it as an event in itself. Small room, small audience, Ian Perry and Cameron Rose clearly knew and respected each other, Gordon Murdie as an independent had no interest in partisan attacks, Jim Orr was enthusiastic, Owen Dudley Edwards a very excellent chair, all candidates quite sound on local and hyperlocal issues: I really think with no false modesty that this was quite an excellent hustings.
The floor is yours...
Months ago, you may remember, I announced my divorce with Henry James. Mayhaps I was a bit too hasty, having only read one, a certain Wings of the Dove. Quite honestly I was bored for those painful months, he put me to sleep, I couldn't follow what he was saying, my mind would wander, I wanted out. A recipe for disaster.
The resignation brings to three the number of prime ministers who have either quit or been fired since protests broke out in January 2011.
The Wardrobe. One of two women's clothes shops in Dulverton. This, annoyingly, isn't their best window but they keep selling the stuff in the window. Unusual clothes for the whimsical, adventurous dresser. Plus lovely accessories and vintage style jewellery. The other shop, next door, is more classic with a twist.
Waltz. She has her finger on the pulse of the times we’re living in and she’s very funny. She’s a completely fearless writer. I approached her publicist about interviewing her and when they said yes, I immediately started to sweat. I listened to every audio clip I could find of her being interviewed and grew more and more nervous. Talk about not suffering fools gladly! I heard her dress down plenty of interviewers on those clips. I was 20 minutes early to the interview and was having heart palpitations by the time she breezed into the room. I could feel her presence before she opened her mouth. Her book is about a woman who cheats on her husband and is totally self-absorbed. The first thing I said to her was, “So this is obviously an autobiography?” For a moment she froze and then she burst out laughing, and it was all good from there. It was an amazing hour that I’ll never forget. I’ll be posting that interview the
Yeah… ouch. I got all the pain over with in one dose, and then basically started over.
That's my whining for the week.
Have you seen awareness of prosecutorial misconduct change over the years?
The Israeli-Palestinian conflict is a religious conflict. I support the Palestinian cause. I support the Palestinian children. I lose sleep over the suffering of Palestinian women. I cannot even step on an ant, so how could I possibly be against them? This is inconceivable. This is a political conflict, and they should ask their leaders about what they have done to resolve the problem. But the problem is rooted in religion. A week or two ago, I read a short story in an Islamic book, according to which Muhammad was walking with some of his followers when they heard a commotion. They asked him: “What is this, Messenger of Allah?” He said: “These are the Jews being tormented in the grave.” Regardless of the conflicts Muhammad had with the Jews back then, this statement indicates that the graves of their ancestors were in Saudi Arabia, correct?
And a few minutes later, he asked, "Mommy, who is Video, anyway?"
Fairy Tail 272 (13:47 – 18:07)
Nothing worse than an ex-smoker
He said he didn't like the first half of it but then he got into it and really liked it when he finished reading.
As freaky as they are, and as huge as they are - I should have taken a reference photo- they're kind of awesome too. That's all you get for now. I've got more photos of 'em I'll put up eventually. Nature Notes
“Our friends at Odell Brewing and Lagunitas Brewing won medals,” said Dave Thibodeau, Ska Brewing President and Co-Founder. “Last year we won two medals in L.A… Samuel Adams Light won a medal. How am I supposed to tell our shareholder about this?”
That's how this week has been for us. That plane hitting the tarmac at midnight tonight can not come soon enough.
“Besides, what are you bitching about? You’ve got a family. You’ve got that little girl in there. Your job is to make sure she grows up and doesn’t fall for guys like me.”
Start: Petersham Gate TQ182732
After several hours and thousands of fabrics I managed to find some great new prints that I can get to work on creating new color schemes with. I need NEW colors in my life!
I will admit, watching the characters truly "live" without technology all the time,
So that answers it, right? It’s wrong to be fat because it’s unhealthy!
Husband: *cracks up, tells everyone in his office, and sends me this link*
Many of the most meaningful moments of my jazz initiation occurred while I sipped illicit cocktails at Milton's on Main Street when I was an insubordinate teen. The jazz club's bartender introduced me to the music of Shirley Scott, Big John Patton and Jimmy McGriff by means of a turntable that was prominently positioned alongside the bottles behind the bar.
I also LOVe the following image, everything works so well together...Love her trademark black high gloss door.
I push the door I’m home at last, and I’m soaking through and through. Then you handed me a towel, and all I see is you, and even if my house falls down now,I wouldn’t have a clue, because you’re near me.
Learn the lessons of past disasters. The Philippines is not short of earlier numerous grants, programs and initiatives in disaster education and management. Share the National Disaster Risk Reduction & Management Framework and how it should serve your community better. Be mindful and demand from your public officials on the information and skills. Seek the mass media support and use social media in raising awareness, care and vigilance.
I still won’t delete my post regarding anti-Chinese sentiments. Sure, I have NOTHING against the Filipino-Chinese, but if I were Chinese, I’ll feel very ashamed of those melamine and formaldehyde thingy… dunno why but getting mad at Filipino sellers while admiring Chinese ones is just… stupid. Most Chinese are assertive as a strategy of selling things, but it’s just… WRONG. For the Filipinos, however, I personally think they respect people’s decisions. I think if I were going to be a parent, I won’t raise my children the Chinese way (thank goodness some Fil-Chi’s disregarding those things, salutes!).
"This is how they really regard Scotland. This is Unionism boiled down to its essence and stuck on a front page for every community in Scotland to see their sneering condescensions. They shall rue the day they thought they'd have a joke at Scotland's expense."
Maybe Fred should take his disgust to the clubhouse and blow off some steam to his player's faces. There's always the ol' buffet table stand-by. It may not change anything at this point. But it will give us all some more good stuff to talk about. And what the hell, they deserve it for the money some of these players make. It's about time they face a screaming boss in the face once in a while just like so many fans who pay stupid amounts of dollars do to sit in Citi Field seats. But I said it yesterday; it's too late for that now. Fred should have taken different approaches to his team years ago.
These 3 things will trip you up… especially when you aren’t aware that you’re doing them.
Ten Sharp When the snow falls NL
Earrings: Rope Gold Earrings - Ryca
What advice do you have for young authors?
11.34pm...sometimes my house is the most comforting place in the world...and then other times, it is filled with the sounds of those things that go bump in the night...
Jamun Dip
Smoked gouda, spinach & chorizo sausage stuffed mushrooms with smoked tomato sauce & Mexican queso fresco. Paired with Aecht Schlenkerla's Urbock rauchbier.
Laurel now knows the truth: Yuki is a rare Winter faerie, the most powerful—and deadly—of all, and Klea plans to use her to help conquer and destroy Avalon. But Klea's reach extends far beyond one wild Winter faerie. With Tamani, David, and Chelsea by her side, Laurel prepares to face what may be Avalon's final days, in the stunning conclusion to the Wings series. Though I only started the Wings series a month or so ago, I have come to fall and love with the characters and call Avalon my fictional home. And for me, Destined was the most amazing yet bittersweet ending book I have ever read. Though some authors' series ending books are criticized for not living up to their earlier novels (such as Suzanne Collins' Mockingjay or Maggie Stiefvater's Forever), Aprilynne Pike has only gotten better in Destined.
Now, I would like to tag:
The burrata comes in 100 gram portion sizes, served with your choice of two sides from the blackboard. Our bundle of cream-filled mozzarella looks a little more nugget-like than blooming when it arrives, and when Suze stabs (a tad too gleefully) into it with a knife, there's little presence of cream inside. Later in the evening we notice another order of burrata served at another table, and the ball is so round and orb-like it looks like it's about to explode.
The way I see it, there were three potential outcomes from any raid that actually reached the terrorist leader:
As he explains at paragraph 22 such originality may arise from technical skill in photography (e.g. composition), the staging of a particular scene or from the simple fact of being in the right place at the right time. In other words, although a commonplace photograph will be protected by copyright against simple copying, if there is nothing distinctive about it in comparison with other, similar photographs then there is no copyright in anything distinctive and original that will be infringed by someone taking yet another similar photograph. But if the photograph shows original elements then those elements will be protected by copyright against specific imitation.
I’ll make you a believer.
One day, I was referring to a parenting book for advice b/c I'd been noticing my children's behaviour and obedience weren't what I thought they should be. As I was reading, they included the scripture Prov 29:15, "a child left to himself bringeth his mother to shame." Somehow, that verse pricked my heart, as I realized how often I was telling my kids "Just go play while I get my housework done," and then feeling guilty b/c there never seemed enough time left over to work on forming habits or teaching them how to do helpful things around the house..... Well, here was the answer! I was "leaving them to themselves" too often, while *I* tried to do everything myself! As I looked at the answer in the Word, I saw that I should just keep them alongside me while I did my chores, which provided the most suitable time to teach them those things I previously didn't have time for! So from then on, I rearranged my day to include them in helping me every morning, as we clear the dishes from breakfast, empty the dishwasher, and one wipes the table and sweeps under it, while the other helps me wash the dishes. I'm also working on getting them in the habit of making their beds, getting dressed, brushing their teeth, and fixing their hair after we finish the kitchen (when they are older, they will do that before breakfast, but for now I don't want them getting food all over their clean clothes first thing in the morning lol!). We also pray together first thing every day, as I thought it would be a valuable habit to serve them well for the rest of their lives!
Scene change: Zoro’s search party
porque su mujer lo engañaba.
This book describes Hitler's evil. Race bating and incited class warfare which was the beginning of the holocaust . The total evil that overcame a country of loyal but at first unsuspecting citizens enamored with Hitler's promise of a change and a safe and organized society with the government's "help". That "help" ultimately became a total terror and control....The Nazi Agenda.
But I think I have found the solution. But I will need help from all the ladies. So ladies, Pssst, here is the plan….
Birth and Breastfeeding Experts Bring Best Evidence and Best-Practice Models of Care to Mother-Friendly Childbirth Forum
First of all, social media has played a very important role in the current stand-off between state and individual/collective. It's easy to big up Facebook and Twitter and overestimate their involvement in the toppling of Gaddafi and Mubarak but according to Paul Mason in his new book, Why It's Kicking Off Everywhere, there are now nearly one billion FB users: two fifths joined since the start of the Arab spring. In about four days Paul reckons the 500 millionth Twitter account will be created; the 400 millionth one was opened four months ago. Whilst Mark Zuckerberg will find it difficult to convince people that he unseated the Egyptian dictator himself whilst wearing his PJs and slippers, it's fair to say that his creation did have an effect.
Garner’s mother confronted her about coming home late and being drunk, Smith said.
The Alchemist's Secret - Scott Mariani.
There are two ways to upload your photos to the Cricut messageboard.
Last time we heard Leyland Kirby, or The Caretaker as he is known by many, he was distorting our minds by placing them into haunted mansions and getting surrounded by dust, ghosts of the bourgeoisie and crackly records. Another account on what the album sounded like was an old, decaying person suffering from Alzheimer’s trying to rekindle their youthful spirit within themselves by playing a favorite record of theirs from childhood, but failing to rekindle the spark. This ultimately leads to them wandering through a fog in their own minds. This was on “An Empty Bliss Beyond this World,” which should have been on my Top 50 albums of 2011, but I forgot about it. I can always make another list.
And, my snobbish tastes aside, numerous TV viewers await a nonwhite “Bachelor” or “Bachelorette” with the nervous anticipation that earlier generations felt about Jackie Robinson crossing baseball’s color line in the 1940s. Lamar Hurd, an African-American Portland, Ore.-based sportscaster, has reportedly been in talks with the show to be the first black “Bachelor” after he was the subject of a social media campaign. As the old TV saying goes, stay tuned.
“Not long after Administrator Armendariz made these comments in 2010, EPA targeted US natural gas producers in Pennsylvania, Texas and Wyoming.
Is Gujarat’s so-called red-hot economic growth a myth peddled by the government of the controversial chief minister Narendra Modi?
Attraction, blankets me with lustful verve
Cool Whip
Now the non-football portion: how much does this translate to our lives, our politics, our interactions with others? Are we ever truly in a place where "it doesn't matter so long as you win"? Yet from our foreign policy to CEO compensation to presidential campaigns, sportsmanship seems to have taken a back seat. Unfortunately, it does come with consequences.
Hello folks-
As Louis explains: "Aerodynamics and physics are incorporated into the design. More cables were needed for Big Bird, causing him to have a bigger than usual head and shorter- and smaller-than-usual legs. I resculpted the balloon to give it more balance and everyone was happy."
Ghee/Oil for brushing
The photographs displayed here are simple: a family doing ordinary things in ordinary places. This collection represents a season of our family life, literally and figuratively. Other seasons will come and go, and with my Canon hanging from my shoulder by its patchwork strap, I will continue to document our “ordinary” life. As my father did before me, I will leave a legacy in the form of photographs for my children. Simple. Ordinary. Extraordinary.
You know... these continue to be REALLY interesting times... I mean, news with sizable economic impact seems to be on tap almost every day - Arab Spring, a dictator-free Libya, Occupy Wall Street... Greece and now Italy, And very recently, a most bizarre addition - a failed attempt by one major oil producing Islamic nation, Iran, to assassinate the ambassador to the U.S. of another major oil producing Islamic nation, Saudi Arabia, right here on U.S. soil.
* 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
18. On October 30th 1938, he pulled one over on all of North America and all he had to use was a radio.
The key words in that definition are: covenant, gathering, and confession.
To call Haute Tension’s ending nonsensical would be a understatement. The filmmakers, for whatever reason decided that the ending needed a twist. The twist made the preceding events impossible and shot holes throughout the whole film. The last bite of a story should never leave a bitter taste in the viewer’s mouth. I’m not saying that stories should have a bad or downer ending, but can we reasonably demand that they at least be logical? Hamlet is one of my favorite works of all time and most of the major players are dead in the final moments of the play. But it is the logical conclusion based on the events that preceded it. The characters have trapped themselves in a web of violence and corruption, and the brutal logic of how events unfold is what makes Hamlet such a satisfying conclusion. One man stands at the end of Hamlet, and his words somehow encapsulate the entire four hour production into a final thought of regret. Mass Effect 3 does no such thing.
Ardsley & Robin Hood
(c) “Radicalization by Choice – ISI and the Pakistani Army“, Robert B. Oakley (Fellow in the Institute for National Strategic Studies, former U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan), INSS Strategic Forum, October 2009 — Key points:
My friend Beth, an adorable girl who’s young enough to be my daughter, is starting her own troop. Her car will soon be full of Thin Mints and Trefoils. I hate seeing her step in this (latrine) hole but it happens to the best of us.
This scale is basically a measure of a person's set to respond 'Do what is right' in a variety of situations. What situations they are is relatively secondary -- as long as they are as near to 'real-life' as possible. It seems fairly clear, however, that there must be some temptation to social desirability responding also, and steps to control for this are indicated.
- Use expandable plastic folders that already have the a-z built in. Use a different folder for each font. (shared by Missy)
Captain
I think
He reached for his guitar, the worn out fretboard rough against his fingertips and begun to play. It only took him mere seconds to decide his fate with Roscoe Records as poetic combinations of words rolled off of his tongue and his voice's dainty melody danced on the hilltop where he sat, filling the air with fragments of his soul. He could never give up the music, even if the world rejected him.
It is pretty straight forward. The only thing you need is a little bit of time for the rising of the dough. I also use whole wheat pastry flour instead of just whole wheat flour and it always works really good.
Obviously it's not something I could ever consider doing even if I had a house worth viewing. There would have to be disclaimers pinned in every room.
Whiskey makes you think you're smarter than you are.
There are some artifacts behind these doors that date back to the days of pre-history, when humans were little more than grasping, instinctual, selfish, animalistic monsters. Take a contemporary Dublin citizen and hand them one of these items, and they simply wouldn't know what to make of them. There are no clues to how they should be used or, indeed, to how they were used. They belong to an era that we can barely conceptualize, and the presence of these artifacts only compound our confusion. That we should even encounter them in the midst of our own, advanced civilization seems so anachronistic that one can only wonder what purpose could lie behind the act of displaying them to us other than to confront us with the Other which we once were, to disprove Montaigne's assertion, "I am a man. Nothing human is foreign to me."
But under glass and without a mat, it became just a black abstract graphic, with no soul or any of the other characteristics that had attracted so many people in the past. (Attracted, in fact, a month ago, a young woman for whom photography consists of aiming her cell phone at something and pressing a button. She found a small copy of this image in my catalogue, which I was showing to her boss, and became so wrapped up in it that she wanted to keep the catalogue.)
Celebrate Dickens' birthday by re-reading his books. They're wonderful.
The former CIA operative acknowledged later in his memoir, however, that he was not present when the interrogation took place.
Isaac needed A LOT of emotional healing.
I always love to come home to a styrofoam container on my doorstep because that means some great brand wants me to test out their ice cream and let you all know how it is. So really, who turns down ice cream especially when it is delivered to your doorstep. This time around the ice cream was from Schwan's. Honestly I hadn't a clue who or what Schwan's was so quick to my computer I went to and turns out they are an online grocer and food delivery service providing "delicious, easy-to-prepare meals and friendly personalized service". Hmm..let's see a full time job, two kids, and a blog to keep up with…sadly prepared foods are right up my alley. When I said the name most friends said "hey I've seen those trucks" but I can't say I know anyone who has used the service. Unfortunately we didn't get any pizza or crabcakes but we were lucky enough to get a 1/2 gallon of Loaded Waffle Cone with Peanut Butter Swirl Ice Cream, another of Monkeying Around Banana Ice Cream, and a Rainbow CONFETTI™ Ice Cream Cake.
Haggis, Guinness, leeks, and an Andrew Jackson attitude — what a combination.
2 Tbs honey (I used agave nectar... it's easier to squeeze out and measure, i'm lazy!)
That is because of accumulation of radiation in sediment.
‘So he was!’ Dr B’s eyes light up even more. ‘Maybe he’s a medical conundrum.’
"The white color associated with the polar bear is very significant. It represents 'purity of spirit'. Polar Bear serves as a valuable ally in overcoming fear, both physical and mental. Known as the 'Ice Man' in some tribes because of its preference for hunting on sea ice, Polar Bear's environment is symbolic. It points to the frozen emotions stored within oneself and the need for allowing those emotions to express themselves. Those with this medicine have karmic challenges associated with flexibility, change and stubbornness.
A little bit about the cookies: All the cookies start with a royal icing base. Once that is set, I hand-paint each cookie with food coloring and a paintbrush. With this collection I made little droplets of melted sugar to use as "rhinestones" on the peace cookie, the D monogram, and the candy cane cookie.
Now this is a really delicious sponge cake. For those who are mystified by Golden Syrup, it's like Treacle but not quite as dark or as thick. Here's the Wikipedia explanation if you want more information. Mixed spice is another ingredient that might stump you but you'll find that it's just a mixture of common spices. This cake is rich and moist and although it's yummy when it's freshly made and still a little warm, it does become even more moist the next day.
The recipe is as simple as you might guess. You cook some roughly chopped mushrooms in a skillet until they smell good enough that you’re forced to make a piece of toast to tide you over while you stand there, stirring. Then you scrape them into a bowl, put the skillet back on the heat, and lightly caramelize some roughly chopped onions in it. (Don’t worry if you lose track of time while you’re eating your toast and the onions brown too quickly; mine did, and still, the salad rose above.) Then you add the onions to the bowl, along with some chopped egg and fresh dill, and you dress it with a bright, quickly whisked-up sauce of mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, and lemon juice - a sauce that, should you have extra, makes a bang-up dip for asparagus. Then you pile it on a(nother) piece of toast while the whole mixture is still a little warm, and you put a napkin in your lap, because what’s about to happen deserves some ceremony. And then you have lunch.
This takes us down to three days left of the school year. I am happy to be here as a substitute rather than a regular teacher. Last year at this time, I was busy with grades, inventory, packing up personal items, moving out of the room and just plain getting out of there. I still need to sort some of the boxes in the basement. Maybe that can be part of my assignment when it is really hot this summer. That cold basement will seem like a pretty nice place to be at that time.
"What happened?" my mom asked as she entered. "I heard something break. I heard some one screaming bloody murder."
A oversized floral tee with DIY pins added to reshape it, skinny jeans & equestrian style boots - it was raining like crazy this morning
MacDonald evokes the “ingroup bunker mentality” as “a fundamental characteristic of Jewish society.” So it was, and perhaps still is among many older Jews. But to fail to limn why it’s so for exogenous and millennia-long reasons, and how it parallels the same mentality in other middleman minorities, can only be seen as a telling omission. This is even more bizarre when Thomas Sowell has already done the intellectual heavy lifting, e.g. here.
I started a new job today: I am teaching at EuroAmericano in Pachachamac (see the earlier post about Schools in Lima).
18 Lock this layer (you are still inside the movie clip, remember) and call it sequence. Make a new layer above it and call it actions.
Do you want to learn how to lead youth and volunteers in doing social change?
There is nothing more confusing, emotional, heart wrecking, flabbergasting, tear jerking, orgasm inducing (and all those other adjectives we were taught in primary school, you know the ones that got you a tick and a VGOOD!!! In compositions) thing than football. And not that cheap knockoff of rugby that Americans destroyed (FUCK THE SUPERBOWL) but soccer. Its lead to deaths, broken teeth, money,marriage, divorce, sex… And don’t ask me how!
I was very taken with The Woman Before Me. It has its weaknesses and I’m not going to ignore them but I loved the premise and frankly expected to be disappointed by her next novel which I imagined would fall back on a more traditional style. I thought this approach would work for one novel but that would be it. I’m pleased to say I’ve been proved wrong. The question is: Has she fallen foul to the law of diminishing returns? You know what I’m on about: you’re hungry and someone hands you a ham and mustard sandwich and it’s the very best ham and mustard sandwich that you have ever had in your puff and it’s so damn good that you want to eat it all over again, whereupon your kindly host hands you another, identical sarnie but it never is the same, is it? Whereas the first one was great, this second one is only very good at best.
Some socks get split up and then one is in the orphaned-sock bin and one is put away with the children’s outgrown clothes. Or, maybe one is truly lost…left at school or lost in the car or something. This is a clear-cut case where I ought to throw out the orphan. Sometimes, however, the orphan is a high-end thing…for example, a Hanna Andersson slipper sock…I have two of those in my basket. Never mind that they are made for narrower feet than exist in my family, these are expensive socks! Throwing one away rather than wait for the match to show up is reckless! Except that these two socks must be at least 10 years old and chances of their mates showing up is nigh upon nil.
Children, Life Wisdom & Wishes, Love & Relationships, You In The World, and On Being You.
About the same time as he was showing me that, eight year old M-girl called out to me, "Mom, can you help me find this piece?" I looked down to her end of the table and discovered that she had already opened the little bags, and dumped the pieces all over. All 300 or so of them.
I wish each of you an extra special Mother's Day with your treasures....
Linda x
plan. next saturday's 3 shires. maybe do the 20 instead of the 30 (being sensible). our first event of the year (hopefully).
A devastating loss leads to an unexpected road trip in this novel from the author of Moonglass, whose voice Sarah Dessen says “is fresh and wise, all at once.”
Today has been glorious.
Anyway, I am not sure how much I am allowed to tell you about what I said for the book design or even if they will take my input on board. So what is the point of blogging about it? Because, it is another milestone for me.
“Naturellement,” I smiled.
So my first party hostess earned 2 meals (it was a January special) the leftovers from her party (which I don't believe she had any because she had a large group), 10% of her sales which at this time is a little over $40. A chance to purchase our host special dishes, and a chance to get 35% off this month's HG Preferred dinner meals, and since her sales are over $400 another item at 35% off! I would say she did a great job for one night and all she had to do was cook a couple things and clean her house! I even lent her my steam mop! (She wanted to try it out).
After quite a lot of Sulking and stuff, Middle Son was doing things with Fonts and Layout and Polishing It Up, when all the Bastard Lights went off in the house and we were plunged into darkness.
What Forster could not have foreseen in 1910 was the extent of the ugliness to come. We still have not understood how far at fault has been the prevalent assumption that cities could be improved by pillage of the countryside. But urban life and rural life have now proved to be interdependent. As the countryside has become more toxic, more eroded, more ecologically degraded and more deserted, the cities have grown uglier, less sustainable, and less livable.
Writing about it is good, though, in that it is a venting, a release. It is also a record so I can see that, yes, I deal with this insane behavior and it is not my imagination. And if my writing helps another woman in what she faces, than I am honored to have helped.
I don't know what ever happened to him,we stopped seeing him when the cafe closed down.
When the door opened and her father walked in , Bonnie knew the hour had come. She hugged and kissed her parents and gave her sister a weak smile but no intimacy passed between them. Amid her Mom’s questions and attempts at conversation, Bonnie asked Evie to come into her room upstairs. Long story short, she broke it down to her about the weekend with her husband, and although she was sorry she had hurt her, she wanted to leave with a clear conscience. Well, Evelyn Yvette wasn’t about to let it go that easily. She hit Bonnie smack dab in the face, and Bonnie hit her back. After that it was punch for punch and lick for lick. A real knockdown drag out cat fight. Their parents came up and broke up the fight, sat them down and tried to understand what had caused this.
and reveal
In 2006, the Health Department considered dropping their requirement for gender reassignment surgery before switching a birth certificate's gender or sex-identifier, but did not do so citing identity fraud concerns.
Not the best scenario, I know.. but after making sure that he wasn’t a creeper and that I wouldn’t get lost picking him up, I agreed. I called my sister and asked her for the biggest favor, to accompany me to go get him.
Design is about experience, not always money. There are some amazing designers out there who A) have no interest in working for multi-mil ad companies, or B) haven’t built up that killer portfolio yet.
Never wearing a watch
Some people may simply use the MiFi and forget about DSL or Cable Broadband. Why? Because they don’t use a desktop computer that much to justify paying for dedicated broadband every month. What they really want is a service they can use anywhere, including at home, and only pay for one Internet connection. This will work well as long as you are not one of those heavy users that is on all the time downloading HD videos and big software packages. There’s a limit of 5 GB per month, enough for nearly all casual Internet users, with overage charges beyond that.
- Experiment with more 'superfoods' and mineral-rich foods in recipes
If you haven't noticed, I've changed the layout on both this blog, and my main blog, that is now called Confessions of a Lunatic Pope.
This is why I blog... to share ideas, to make connections with other people, to have another creative outlet.
“I can delegate that the police move him.” The smugness of the remark was almost unbearable.
tested in several countries, and it has been deemed basically inert, which
Projects currently in the pipeline for state approval include renovations and repairs for the Wilbur & McMahon School in Little Compton, the Paul Cuffee Charter School in Providence and Mt. Hope High School in Bristol.
Dictate a place name, interspersed with letters and numbers. This was my example (be careful with ‘o’ and zero):
And as promised, the instructional video on how to shuffle even though now you are a year late. It gets helpful at 2:26:
The next day I sent a bouquet of flowers to the lady in the shop. Lord knows what might have happened if she hadn’t understood what he meant.
The marathon will be the final evaluation of the efficacy of the cross and strength training. I’m already a believer, though. A week before the race, I’ve found the following to be true:
And when you’re reborn
When I came home from running an errand last Saturday, my 9 year old son was riding his bike without his helmet. So I told him he couldn't ride his bike for the rest of the day because he wasn't following our rules. Within about 15 minutes, I heard agonizing screams coming from the driveway. The kind of screams that can only mean someone is badly hurt.
The remodelling of Street 29 will provide space for self-employed people engaged in private enterprise, a growing sector in Cuba as the state drastically reduces its payroll, on the rationale that local people will have a vested interest in looking after public property.
Recently, University of Florida’s President revealed his plans to dissolve the school’s Computer and Information Science and Engineering (CISE) department and merge it with other existing programs at UF.
If she decorates the house in beiges and donkeys I’m not going home after this summer. I hate colours like that, they aren’t homey and warm and I love home because it’s homey. She really hates houses with those colours in it, she’s always complained about how ugly and unhomey they are and my dad has always said the same, and now she’s trying to do the house up in colours everyone hates just for the hell of it. I think she just wants to be in control. My dad loves cats and the other week someone offered him a kitten. My mum put her foot down and said no because she ‘doesn’t want a kitten scratching up the carpets’. It’s going to be months before we actually get the carpets and besides, my dad has worked so so hard to pay what the insurance isn’t covering, and surely he deserves SOMETHING to make him happy. He’s had a horrible time recently, with the burst pipes and his oldest and best friend dying, and working so hard and not doing anything for fun. He’s been ill so he hasn’t even been able to spend much time on his allotment.
What the hell???
I got a book that was rec'd by M's therapist called the Transgender Child by Stephanie A. Brill and Rachel Pepper. I'm only on page 8 and am already toting it to whoever may need it out in the world. I even rec it to the parents of grown transgenders. It will help them understand the growth and they may even say...ah HA!!!
I trust that STV explore this issue more fully. What is the view of the Cardinal on inter-special marriage?
12:17: Gawain Towler stresses that Freedom of Information requests are the best way for individuals to put a spotlight on dubious, or manipulated, government activities
Thanks to our family, friends and readers we have gathered quite a number of name suggestions. Some are clever. A few funny. A couple really stupid. And a handful we can't repeat in print.
Personally, I think Bianchi’s contribution of feminine, obedient, ego-puffing eye candy is very much a product of the early 60s mainstream social environment. Back then, women were still largely regarded as helpless creatures meant only for pleasing men and raising children with the assistance of “Mother’s Little Helper.” That’s “valium” for you young folks. While I appreciate this earlier Bond film for being true to the tone of Fleming’s character, I don’t mind that the later films, as we shall see, have stronger, more relevant female characters.
As you know we have already announced officially that we are finally expecting our first child after waiting and trying for almost three years. I also wanted to just give a brief story of finding out about our miracle and the journey it took to get there.
So Tommy Robinson was right to argue that the ‘white supremacist cancer seeks to destroy the EDL’. Of course it does. How dare the Nazis even attempt to infiltrate and then try to control what EDL members believe and do? Who the fuck do they think they are? Anyway. It doesn’t matter that much because the British will never buy into fascism. It’s not in our nature. This is what the UAF/SWP fails to realise as well. They do not trust the British people. More specifically, they do not trust the white working class. A class which, as a whole, has always hated fascists, including the red fascists known as ‘Trotskyites’, ‘the UAF/SWP’ and so on. The SWP/UAF sees a fascist threat everywhere because they too are fascists – red fascists. Thus they see the Nazis and the BNP, or whoever, through their own red-fascist lenses. That tiny world of red fascist-black fascist rivalry. They feed off each other. They need each other. They are each other.
Let's not be overly romantic here. The founding fathers (and a few founding mothers) of modern advertising were no less interested in making money than today's worldwide fat boys. However, they lived in a different world -- a world in which making money in advertising was a by-product. It came from making good ads.
Tip Two–Use Social Media
PHOTOTROPISM
Enders G, Biber M. Parvovirus B19 infections in pregnancy. Behring Inst Mitt 1990; 85: 74-78.
Colin: That’s awesome.
My back was turned to the steps, but as soon as I heard a thud, I whipped around. Emma had tripped going up the last step. I knew before she started screaming that she had to have gotten hurt. Her arms where inside the towel so she had no way to stop her face from hitting the ground. I scooped her up and rushed inside. I wanted to be able to sit her on the counter so I could see her face. I was so focused on getting her to the kitchen that it took a couple of seconds before I realized that Emma was scream, "BLOOD, BLOOD, BLOOD" at the top of her lungs. I looked down and her mouth was bleeding and there was a trail of blood down my arm where her head had been laying.
One of the traffic "officers" told mr Ras that his one brake light was defective. Mr Ras got out of his car and checked the light. An argument started and the traffic "officer" started pushing mr Ras around and head-butted him.
Monsieur DuPree looked from the house to his master and back again to the house. He did not understand. "Woof woof! Woof woof!"
Elizabeth Bishop, from a letter to anthologist John Frederick Nims, written on the last day of her life, October 6, 1979:
In Redcar itself, the near-derelict seaside town hides its holes via 'Virtual Shop Fronts' and the promise of 'creative industries hubs'. The view of container ships from the beautiful sandy beach implies that someone is still making money out of this place. As it is, Teesside awaits the butchers. Take the train to Redcar East, and you can walk to a place where the private sector has had totally free rein, in a development of seemingly endless, looping cul-de-sacs, BUPA Health Centres and Retirement Homes. In one of these cul-de-sacs is a Sound Mirror, a stark concrete structure designed as an Early Warning System in WW1. It's exactly the same size as the bungalow next door, and feels part of the streetline - an irruption of the industrial past into the spec builders' zone of dead time.
John MacArthur gives a list of New Testament references for James the Less (son of Alphaeus) and appears to favour the interpretation that the publican Alphaeus was James the Less’s father. He does not, however, think that James the Less wrote the Epistle of James:
What distinguishes Jewish liberalism from Protestant liberalism is the following.
Well I'm happy to say after yesterday's doctor appointment Hunter's "tail" has been removed. After reading the print-out from the monitor which notes any breathing episodes that he may have had the doctor said he could be taken off the monitor. He didn't have any real breathing episodes, there were a few false positive alarms but nothing to worry about, which is fantastic news! Hunter is now a free man and I can't tell you how nice it's been to hold him without having to worry about his wires and be able to freely carry him around the house. So much worry and anxiety has now been lifted and our little boy is growing and thriving. He's also up to 9lbs 7ozs (holy chunky monkey!)
Sidek’s remark is simply saying he is not worried and that the problem has been dealt with.
patrysia writes...
Reaching to his wrist, Kostya turned on his radio. Static crackled over the airwave.
This year I was determined to send out Christmas cards, even though I had misplaced ALL of my friends' and family's addresses, even though I didn't have the inspiration or time to create a fun and festive picture for the card, and even though the clock was running out of time. I decided to plod along anyway.
So what if I am wrong? Am I willing to look foolish for God? Am I willing to take a chance that God did speak to me? And that He really does want to do what He said He will do? Is the hold up my lack of faith?
This decision is of relevance to the consumer and retail sectors, particularly food and drink brands, as SCPs which provide technical services to brand owners involving the use of trade marks, such as the filling of cans or containers, will not be liable for infringement under the Directive, if such use is not promotional use to end consumers. However, the finding that a trade mark proprietor cannot act against an SCP under the Directive does not allow the customer of such an SCP to circumvent the protection offered to the proprietor under the Directive (by dividing the production process between different SCPs) as those services may still be attributed to the customer who will remain liable.
And on the race-relations front, progress was being made. At the Hall of Fame dinner, Bill Cosby was presented the President’s Award for Special Lifetime Contributions to Advertising. “What Bill Cosby did was to convince all of America to like Jell-O. And now we have an African-American president. And that’s not to say that Jell-O had anything to do with making Mr. Obama president, but the environment was there in order to let that happen,” Mr. Graves observed.
The nose: strong not overpowering malt, balanced flowery hops
Councilwoman Jeanne Ives said the contract is the third union contract city officials have negotiated this year. She said the agrement will limit the city’s future liabilities, creates a two-tier system for severance and retirement pay and buys down liabilities for employees on sick day accumulation. She added the agreement, “keeps us at our two percent goal,” not to increase expenses.
But in the wee hours of the night,
I approach each and every client with the assumption that they can achieve anything they want to as long as it is within their control and that they are willing to consistently take the actions required to make the changes they desire.
Sunday 13, 20: 19:30
Seen that it is a notes notebook for a boy I chose this sailor Edwin and I colored it with Copic. The papers are Maia Design and Magnolia.
Orange sweater top - Goodwill
Anyting to make a ruble.
Today my neighbor gave me another root. It's a whole different animal. No branches to sort through. I'll have to spend some time turning it over and around and looking at it. But first I had to give it a good washing with a stiff brush.
This release contains many bug fixes and some new applications. The binary packages could be installed with the installer by using the version “stable 4.4.0″ (or “stable latest”). In case you are upgrading your KDE installation, deselect the skip basic settings checkbox on the first installer page and press next until you are guided to the release settings page, where you can choose the required version.
RR: We cannot blame the lower rank men in the forces. They take orders from the top brass who needs enlightenment for rational and ethical thinking.
cloudbusting warble ("it's meeee, I'm Katheeeee") immediately
This is my baby girl, Skylar. She's my sister's oldest. She and her brother have been at their dad's for a few weeks and I missed them terribly!! She got a cell phone while she was gone, for her 11th birthday, and I LOVE her having it! I can text her and talk to her any time. She just text and asked if I saw the moon? I know it's full, but I'm pretty sure I already missed the eclipse. Better go check it out! Not even sure we could see the eclipse from here...
Rewards are earned with every purchase.
Coupled with the fact that he spoke in our national language whereas she spoke in English, the foreigner had the YouTube community cheering him on while the woman was vilified with racist epithets.
Today, I am thankful....
And, people who don't put a picture up.....in some ways I think it's a good tactic, "if you like what you read and your focus isn't on my looks than you are worthy"....but if I'm on the same dating service as you and I contact you for a photo, bet your sweet ass you're going to look at my photo (because I put one up) before you contact me back, right? Crappy double standard.
“Thirdly, if RFS is not telling the truth, refute it. BN has all the means to refute any purported lies, but don’t plant seeds of discord by destroying our culture.
I could really talk about this all day, but I am going to go ahead and move on.
only to be turned into a ticking time bomb
Fire has long been regarded as an element of purification and in the context of the Eddas, echoes teachings from the far east and South America, where the old must be destroyed and purified to make way for the new. Ragnarok signals the end of an age and destruction of the old worlds, and Surt the Destroyer does play a key role, albeit in a different way.
Monday February 27th - Schlafly Oak Aged Barleywine '11
So often I find myself in situations where I am surrounded by people that, under normal circumstances, I would never be friends with. I currently have this situation here in Spain, but it is definitely not the first time I have experienced it. And when I find myself in these situations it takes all my self control to be civil, and to smile, and engage is small talk, and satisfy their needs for human interaction, and I feel so totally drained that I want to run away and hide somewhere that these people will never find me again.
It was definitely a challenge to narrow my choices, but I decided to go with a post I wrote just a few weeks ago over at YA Confidential. If you’ve not yet discovered this tiny heaven of fabulosity, I suggest you go there NOW. Seven of us blog six days a week about everything teen, all the time. Teen interviews, teen issues, teen book giveaways...we even have our own teen SPIES. Check it all out here.
But, of course, this is a book by Maria V. Snyder! And, as such, it didn't lack the uniquely characteristic love story and love interest. Let me introduce you to Valek. Thoughful, gorgeous, quiet, severe, caring Valek. He's one of those love interests that you immediately discard as such, as things go on you think "no way!" but in the end you can't help falling in love with. He was always composed, and on the very few scenes when he was a bit awkward I found him adorable. Their love scenes were so rare that they were always like a treat.
"Where is Rissad?" Taslin's sharp tone knifed through the air, but the Sherim failed to respond. Sweat glistened on her face as she pushed her way deep into the Warding around the Stable Rod. Where the silver-skinned Wilder showed no sign of human discomfort in its fight to withstand the Ward, Taslin's face twisted, and her voice came muffled by a clenched jaw.
These can be accessed in the Claiming Agenda mode. Artlessly adeptness the appetite of a affiliated to unlock.
A Rock guitarist with an extensive pedigree—DMZ, The Customs, Lyres, Barrence Whitfield and The Savages—Peter Greenberg believes the Taos music scene lacks energy. When Peter moved here two years ago, he had no expectations of connecting with like-minded players. I first met him last June at Robin McLean’s Taosound record store. He was spinning obscure Garage Rock 45s for an audience of 12. Two weeks later we convened at Paul Reid’s house. A few songs were attempted: “Wild Thing,” maybe “Gloria,” maybe “Teenage Kicks,” I don’t remember. I hadn’t played guitar in years. It showed. An inauspicious start, to be sure, but there was something there.
Epoch Times: Why must change occur? Where is the inevitability?
– Marianne Williamson
Of course, it wouldn't be a vacation if we didn't bring home a virus. 5 of us are stuffy and hacking. Goldie has an ear infection and was refusing to drink or eat popsicles. Why does she do this? I really don't get it, because she was still eating.
Today I created a new world. A digital world devoted solely to all my social media accounts. All those months ago, I thought blogging would result in a few extra emails and tied everything into our home email address. At the time, I also ticked every conceivable chance for Blogger, Facebook and Twitter to send me emails. Add to this, countless newsletter subscriptions. Sound familiar? The result: I am drowning in emails and losing sight of my life. Net Net Result: Mr. H and kids are grumpy with Mrs. H.
Have a fierce day. :)
What I wanna say is, I suffer a lot during this period of time! I got no idea why and where these acnes come from. T.T I tried all sorts of stuff trying to treat my face. FIRST, GOING FOR FACIAL TREATMENT DOESN'T HELP AT ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL. Maybe a little, but to be honest, it's a waste of money. I jump from one acne medication to another, and seriously none helped. I was soooo sooo sooo desperate and frustrated.
We have to move beyond the point where we are more concerned with whether or not our kids like us and become focused on whether or not they are going to be great or just good. I want my kids to be great, and like it or not, that is going to take work. We are going to have to work hard to help our kids learn what it means to be great.
L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc. – Key Competitors 12
Below you'll find the full performances of: Miley Cyrus, Coldplay, Metallica, Britney Spears, Katy Perry, Rihanna, Joss Stone, Jamiroquai, Stevie Wonder, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Motörhead, Slipknot, System of a Down, Guns N' Roses, Shakira, Lenny Kravitz, Snow Patrol and Stone Sour, all Live @ Rock In Rio 2011. Enjoy!
The unexpected meeting was Barbara Walker. She was sat in a little booth away from the mayhem promoting her new DVD and was there to talk to whomever came by. Well Margaux and I pulled up chairs and chatted her ear for just a few amazing minutes. She is sweet and everything I expected.
I scrambled, breaking into the break room where teachers of freshmen were lunching, asking if I could borrow some classroom space. The teacher with the nearest room was gracious and opened her door for us (remember, I have a gaggle of students pursuing me through the halls now), but she had a class returning from lunch in under 25 minutes. Since the planning stage took ten minutes each, I was only able to rotate two groups into that empty room to plan before the group of freshmen overran their teacher acting as hall monitor and demanded entrance.
and you cannot break me
I remember after a few months I started to feel like I kind of "liked" Leif. But I had never really pursued a guy before. My past boyfriends both asked me out so I wasn't really sure what to do! So, naturally I started strategically going to Kmart at the same time he was working. Checking his schedule and trying to get mine changed to work the same time as him.....I even skipped a class one day at school to go say hi to him at work. (Sorry Mom!) Finally I had come up with the master plan of asking him to go with me to my Prom. However, I couldn't actually ask him myself.....I wanted him to ask me!
ACTION THE ALL CLEAR DETERMINATION MUST BE MADE BY LOCAL
is how I’m feeling… then again, I just jogged a mile (yay!) and have a nasty sinus headache AGAIN. *went and took some off-brand sudafed in the hopes that it will work better than yesterday* Also, I have been working on my taxes as the sole proprietor of a small business, which is cauisng me to quake and tremble exceedingly out of proportion to my measly income tax estimate (a little over $500, and that with inflated numbers).
Famous American singer and actress Whitney Houston was found dead in her room of the Beverly Hilton Hotel on February 11, 2012, aged 48.
The abbey itself was constructed over several hundred years. It began in roughly 960 as a community of Benedictine monks. The first walls of the abbey were completed in 1065 so that Edward the Confessor would have a decent place to be buried. And he made it just in time too. He died one week after the place was consecrated. And in 1066 the first coronation took place when William the Conqueror was crowned king.
#017 Kazuhisa Ishii (Dodgers)
China by nature should be a natural ally of the U.S. Only the paranoid right has needed to see China as a serious rival.
There is a new tetrizz player on the big dog board.
I buy again and again, only slightly varied
*I had to take Jackson back to the Dr. again yesterday. He's sounded real congested again and coughing some, so I just wanted to make sure he didn't have an ear infection or anything more serious than a cold. The dr. said his lungs sounded fine and his oxygen was good. She said his right ear looked red, so she put him back on amoxicillin again. He's not good at taking medicine, so thats always fun. Hopefully this is the last time we have to go to the dr. for a while.
I've actually been wanting to make homemade graham crackers for a while now, and when I saw that this recipe had ingredients like whole wheat flour and wheat germ I was very intrigued.
Look what I found when I went to go to sleep!
Have a Sexy week, and stay tuned for moar updates brothers and sisters.
at least a piece of Gil was there,
If the style maquis is the most common in Paris at the moment, next after it comes the style marché noir: and this, as befits an organization as vast and as ramified as the French black market, rings a good many changes. In its simplest form, it merely consists of wearing clothes that are much too tight. Jackets no longer button, trousers creak anxiously as the owner sits down: these are worn by the small fry, by the clerks, petty officials, grocers, concièrges and mechanics who are making enough money to eat as they never ate before, but not enough to buy new clothes. They are to be found smiling over the menu in those comfortable homey little bistros in the centre of Paris, where the price of dishes is not marked and where the best dishes are not even written down. After them, are the people who could buy themselves a dozen new suits if they chose but, feeling that life is uncertain and the future shrouded in darkness, prefer to put their money into things that will not only last but, at a pinch, can be negotiated: gems flash from their fingers and neckties, their ladies are loaded with diamonds in such profusion they can hardly set one foot before the other. And finally come those kings and emperors who, having weathered the occupation, the liberation and the purge, pursue their way with a serene confidence in the future of France and are modestly content with the best of everything.At last, some indication of class in relation to dress, which gladdens my nitpicking historian heart. This must have been a period of great upheaval and uncertainty, when everything was up in the air and people were waiting to see how all those pieces fell. It looks like some of those pieces had already fallen by the time this was written: the super rich, as ever, remained in their privileged bubble.
Making trips and meeting unusual people is good for the children as well as the work, of course. Usually. There was the time I got a gig on a big-budget children's movie. I thought how fabulous it would be for the children to come down to the set and hang out with dragons and knights and goblins. The producer, Brad, was intensely committed to the idea that every frame of the film should be "kid-relatable". Oh, what animated and exciting discussions Brad and I had about what was kid-relatable (dragons, knights, Kinder eggs) and what wasn't (unicorns, jesters, aniseed).
Waitress: We'll be boo'ing the green knight. So anytime you see the...
The things you see when you haven’t got your gun.
Madison, WI--Scott Walker told the Christian Broadcasting Network that "God's got a plan for us" and he wasn't specific about what God's plans were and what they mean for his future in Wisconsin. It is believed by some that Scott Walker was hinting at a run for president in 2016.
Checking in at the electronic kiosk, I swipe my credit card for identification. A group of women, older than my mother, shake their heads at their electronic kiosk. “Oh, I don’t like this, I don’t,” they say to one another.
There were many things that made me nervous about the Pheromone Party. I felt like I was going to a Swingers party–a social experiment that frankly I was too uptight for. Besides, was my scent really what I wanted to lead with? Your smell doesn’t make witty quips or give good back rubs. At least, mine doesn’t.
Even though I was a sticky mess, I remembered to add Wilton sprinkles
Come draft time, barring any trades, the Toronto Maple Leafs will pick 5th in the 2012 NHL Entry draft. However, don’t count on the 5th pick yet because the Leafs do not have a happy relationship with the draft.
Piece of MDF- $7 cut for free at Home Depot
Keith has been catching up on playing Beer Die, a drinking game made famous by the campground folks. He's been missing this terribly up in New Hampshire, so he's making up for lost time....
06 - Perfidiousness
There is something to be said for the view expressed by John Upton that ‘the most dangerous legacy of the Inquiry lies not in its specific recommendations but in its sentimentalised and unbalanced approach to the consideration of controversial issues’.xxvi This lack of balance is apparent in the fanatical assertion that Stephen Lawrence was murdered because he was black, not that he might have been murdered because he encountered a gang of equal-opportunity killers on the prowl. The assumption of a racial motive is the crucial part of the Macpherson Report for the commissars of multiculturalism. If this assertion can be shown to be weak or weaker than Macpherson et al have claimed, then the whole edifice of institutional racism, together with the intrusive and Soviet-style recommendations, is built on very shaky foundations. This explains why Macpherson insists, so fanatically, on the murder’s racial motive and why anyone who challenges it is vilified as a “racist”. Without it, the institutional anti-racists have a much weaker case, maybe no case at all.
So if you want to ramp up your writing to the next level, try getting a critique. Even better, enter a contest. Listen to the judges, but listen to your heart too, because it is still YOUR writing after all! Even if you don’t get an A or you don’t become a finalist, you will have learned something that will help improve your writing.
“How exactly did you come across Population in Perils? “ wondered Lila.
Laura Huxley recalls her meeting with Krishnamurti at the home of yoga master, Vanda Scaravelli.
"GASTON" (BEAUTY AND THE BEAST) (Menken/Ashman)
Just a mention before you go (If you haven’t already). Following the next two weeks I will be starting a full-time career as an illustrator at an animation company and thus will have less time to be blogging everyday, which I suppose hasn’t really been happening already. (congrats old man) Maybe no large difference in the end.
I have included the content of my original post, with hyperlinks to the reviews I have posted elsewhere on my blog.
What’s unsympathetic in Guy comes from Granger’s performance--the shifting eyes, the impatient, petulant tone, the “everything happens to me” attitude he brings to so much of what happens; and that choice shows great nerve on Granger’s part. Given a role of ambiguous morality, he increases the questions about the character, rather than trying to emphasize the good-Guy qualities.
Good thing then that we have another snow storm headed our way on Tues nite! Perhaps the third foot of snow will bring some productivity with it!?
After some intense struggles with a few zombies- we find out that the zombies don't seem to be all there mentally, but still enough that it's hard to tell who is a zombie and who is normal- she is suspicious of everyone she meets. Breathlessly running, Martha manages to make it into an old AV closet- the type you see in school libraries, you know, with a couple of TV monitors on carts, and walls of media that are hand-labeled. For some reason this door has a manual lock- not computerized at all and she thinks that this will trick the zombies.
Oh and because every post has to have a picture here is Malone and I on Mother's Day!
Now comes a mini-lecture of sort. As a Humanistic/Existentialist Psychologist with a dash of Psychoanalysis, I believe in choice. Though the quote may be true for a typical Filipino man, it shouldn’t apply to all. We may be dominated by women all our lives but we can choose not to be. Or even if we can’t choose that, we can choose not to have mistress just to have a little ‘escape’ from all those dominations. We have choices.
And our job has always been to facilitate the process of our listeners, our community, making informed decisions.
I also opened up another blog that I started late last year...it is really more of a diary of my love for the Lord... I have a REALLY hard time not giving Him glory for everything on this blog, because HE DESERVES IT! But, I'll try to keep that to a minimum here and if you are at all interested in REALLY knowing my heart go there...
Voice of the Beehive Don’t call me baby UK/US
He admits he might be wrong about his high expectations for lawyers. But, if so, is that the profession to which he ought to belong? As one gets into that record, which he so largely shaped, one begins to wonder whether the real issue was his fitness to become a member of the Bar, or the Bar’s fitness to be associated with men like him. Although he has done, and continues to do his best to encourage, if not even to goad, the profession to return to what he regards as its better self, his case, especially near its end, begins to look like the story of one rather uncommon man’s search to find out where he rightly belongs.
Well, you realize what kind of schlock I review here, right? And though I HAVE mentioned Michael Caine's name here a couple of times and Billy Crystal's more than once, I feel it only fair to recognize this man for whom many of us would only know BECAUSE of the schlock I review here.
Fingertips
And yet. I could never justify Sheep Guillotine for any purpose. If the artists just want to fuck with us, well, I think they’ve made their point. Perhaps we are the sheep, duped into participating even if we don’t intend to. To be completely clear and pretend that I am refraining from cleverness: I’m writing about this, although I did not watch their video or go to the site to vote. Am I not, however, a participant in the larger context? I cannot help but think of the wonderful short story by Nick Hornby, Nipple Jesus, that deals in a literary way — dare I say an artful way — with just such a deception by an artist. (If you haven’t read Hornby’s story, go get a copy of Speaking with the Angel and read it! I wrote about it briefly here in 2006, back in another internet eon.)
But U.S. sales of Irish Whiskey went through the roof, growing 24 percent and selling 1.7 million cases, widening the lead over SMS that it eked out last year.
Now that’s a set-up. The episode then happens (we’ll get to part of it in a minute) and when River reappears it’s when the Doctor is allegedly at his “lowest.” There’s a whole bit about how “the Doctor will climb higher than ever and then fall blah blah blah.” It’s silly and not needed and comes off like a musical act playing the same song twice. (Paul Simon apparently used to do that with “You Can Call Me Al.” It’s sad. Write some more upbeat songs and you won’t have to play that one twice.) The second time around with the song (or whole “here’s what that mysterious line means” bit), you’re like, “Yeah. Hooray? Anyone else want me to get them a Coke?”
4. Bring to a boil and cook for an additional 10 minutes to let the chili seasoning blend.
Quick updates:
Profession: Dental Hygienist
First, props to One Kings Lane, who took the one-lane approach and singularly focused on sharing via Pinterest. A “Pin It” button is placed prominently beneath each product, with large instructions “click “Pin It” to share this product on Pinterest”. I admire their singular focus, not having users debate in their minds on how or where to share, but rather encouraging one clean action.
My concept of Relational Gravity tells me these numbers are purely a barometer of success in connecting with my readers. The numbers say that what I most like to write about – faith and life – apparently makes little connection; while my thinking on marketing and the media seems to draw you in.
If you try to escape, your own “family” will torture or kill you. The beliefs and philosophies are forced on you whether you like them or not.
“We have elections in this country,” Rubio said. “Obviously, we’d like to see more people running for all offices in this country. I don’t know why it’s been the way it’s worked out. I think that will change over time.”
This was on top on the daily diet of newspaper reports which kept appearing at the time with headlines such as "Smoking makes your ears fall off" or "Scientists say smoking causes global warming" on sale next to the shelf selling packs of twenty with pictures of diseased lungs plastered across the front.
The lesson here? Mix art and science, and when in doubt, do what feels right. It's a lot scarier in theory than depending on survey numbers or whatever, but it has a higher success rate, for me at least.
In addition to the Keep Swimming Mermaid, Becky Oehlers and True =D Doodle Designs both also donated digis that are for sale (you can purchase Becky's octopus as a clear stamp as well). Direct donations are also being accepted. Information central is HERE. This is a permanent page that will stay active at i {heart} papers with current information and the full 3 day blog hop listing, as well as the donation button.
13His bowmen come round about me; their arrows go through my body without mercy; my life is drained out on the earth.
Mountain Sun Pub & Brewery Saint Amos
The really key exposition, though, is the Sermon on the Mount, where after setting out the Beatitudes Our Lord says, in St Matthew 5:
Blvd. Nutcracker
Married @ Mo Manning
This attack on Fox is serving, I believe, a dual purpose. Not only is BO truly interested in silencing Fox or at least in luring away moderate and independent viewers and in warning the fringe media against reporting any stories that Fox breaks (i.e. that show BO for what he is, that tips his hand before he's ready), but he is also tossing out another red herring for us to frenzy feed on, to distract us from the healthcare situation and the slick move he pulled to avoid making a decision about sending the troops that General McChrystal requested. Sadly, Fox is doing just that. I suppose it's understandable. What is not understandable is why no other media outlet has expressed any outrage at all. BO and his conspirators are lying about Fox, and they know it ("they" being the administration AND the other news outlets). "Real" news outlets investigate, they report on their findings in these things called "news stories." They don't dissect a comedy skit in between crooning orgasmically about the president on the one hand and demonizing half the country's population on the other. Perhaps this is a small, easily-missed detail, but I give the American people far more credit than BO ever has. We're not stupid, and we know what's going on with this "war on Fox."
The consistency of the kurukku is depends up on u.
After we were bussed back to the terminal, we were put into a departure lounge, paramedics went round everyone to check they were okay and tend to wounds. My group was cleared and we were sent to the next one. Meanwhile, they gave us free drinks and food (of course).
Tightly tied in with the reason a zombie plague wouldn’t go very far is because of what it does to zombie victims. From what we can ascertain from the source material, it is evident that the zombie plague does massive neurological and psychological damage to the victim. In some cases it is explained as a kind of ‘rage virus’, in others it messes around with brain chemistry to the point where the victim is in a rabid-like state or some other form of irrational fugue.
The March 2011 issue of the Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice (JIPLP) is now available online to subscribers. The contents -- which are available to everyone -- can be viewed here. The Editorial for this issue takes a look at recent IP-oriented developments in the world's fastest-growing economy, China. It reads like this:
All dimensional levels of this world are here and present, right now, and interlinked. The only difference between dimensional worlds is their wavelengths. Wavelength is the key to the entire universe. Dimensions are separated from one another by wavelength in exactly the same way as notes are on a musical scale. Any octave on the piano has eight white keys and five black keys, which together give its player the chromatic scale. The thirteenth note is actually the first note of the next octave, and these octaves keep repeating themselves in either direction. Between each note and the next are twelve harmonic, holographic points; in dimensional terms these are called “overtones.” That makes one hundred and forty-four dimensions in the octave.
My friend Tannya brought me a whole gallon-sized ziplock bag full of her yummy, homemade tamales a few years ago when we brought a new baby home from the hospital. If memory serves, I ate several at lunch and dinner every day until they were gone, and I'm positive I did not share them with anyone!
Do you remember to use the extremities in your novels? How do you use them? What ways can you use them, but don’t? Can you think of ways to describe characters by their extremities alone? What gestures or mannerisms can define characters? What gestures or mannerisms can characters use that may be fresh and not trite? (For example, restless feet can denote lying, or a desire to be somewhere else, or boredom.) What other example can you think of (or have already written) where a character’s extremities play a significant role? Is it better for the extremities to match the character or contradict it? Shoes are a significant fact of life; how do shoes figure into your novel?
Last week, I found pieces of my heart that I didn’t even know were there.
“Golden Dawn has the advantage of being invisible,” said a political analyst, who declined to be named. “Apart from Mihaloliakos, even I don’t know any of the other faces in the party and I’m in the business. That works as a protective shield for them.”
These three media stories are only a fraction of the stories that happened to kids at school all year again. Every day across the country and the world kids still deal with bullying issues and many still don’t go to school or even end their own lives. There is still work to be done in 2011 and 2012.
We have NO Drop Shipping agreement with any person, and most certainly not with the seller on the LDSebid site. In order to drop ship a product contact must be made with the supplier (us) to arrange this
I got an email first thing this morning that said there is an envelope in the 2nd drawer, left side of the desk and it belongs to his daughter, can I please send it to her as it is her educational documents.
6-0
A withering stare ensued.
Louis Vuitton Imitation Bags Buy Equipment has become ultimate women, as it is expensive, women have choose, not as a sign in respect of take great pride in, except main thing.
There was a fire in my sister's apartment this past Thursday.
It may not be the first dress you try on and it may not be the 100th but trust me it's out there. You can wear a slim fitting or minidress to any event but for your wedding buy your dream wedding dress and wear it for the whole day. If you can't dance in it and dancing is important to you then buy a dress that you can dance in.
My first example hearkens to the packaging in the very back of the cover photo...the one with the baker's twine crossed in the center with an oval label covering the intersection.
At least 19 Indian paramilitary troops were swarmed and badly stung by bees while on a counter-insurgency operation against Maoist rebels in Chhattisgarh state.
BHO n Mars/Uranus = EC n Pluto: people get more fury from you than help; finishing fights to the end; efforts for reform have more far-reaching effects than planned; confronting or battling more powerful forces; force; a violent intervention. (Ebertin; Munkasey.)
When Nzvere died, Madzivanyika, Charumbira, Chingoma called all the people to weep for Nzvere. Madzivanyika said to them; “I beg you all to have one mind. Forget all that has been done by Nzvere and his sons. To-day is a day of appointing a new chief. Our chiefs were three, Chinamaringa, Chidziva and Nzvere. Now Wafanenombo the young brother of Chinamaringa of the same mother, died without being appointed chief. He left two children, his elder son Charumbira and his second son Chikowore are here. The right of appointing a new chief to-day is in the house of Chinamaringa. Now instead of appointing a new chief from the house of Chinamaringa, we, the sons of Chinamaringa, agree to give the chieftainship of Chinamora to Charumbira. When Charumbira dies the chief will be appointed from the house of Chidziva. When the chief who will be appointed in the house of Chidziva dies, they will appoint the chief from the house of Nzvere. When the chief who will be appointed from the house of Nzvere dies they will appoint a chief from the house of Chinamaringa.”
The pentagon can be divided into 3 triangles, or n - 2 = 3.
This post is going to be a rather short one, since I am basking in the luxury of a testosterone-free house.
Mini Candy Canes
Next, I want to thank everyone that stopped by to read my musings over the past year. If someone had told me a year ago that I’d have had almost 38K hits to this blog, I would have laughed. I likely would have been delighted if, a year later, I had a couple thousand hits.
It is easy to think, when you start writing that you should describe your characters in detail as they arrive in the story for the first time. But why would you want to stop the story for a large wad of description, however beautiful it might be. It isn't a film, where the visual of the character often hits you before they utter a single word.
Overworked And underpaid
-Bini xx
I forgot that I still had some of my first edition paper in my file drawer and I printed out some 8.5 x 11 pages from MDS. But that is OK. I have more for later. I stitched the background paper onto the card front with my sewing machine since this is a simple card it was worth adding that extra detail. Next, I punched my butterfly shapes using the Butterfly punch and gave them dimension with stampin' dimensionals. Last, I stamped the sentiment with Curly Cute. I'm glad I bought this set! It is so cute. Anyway since it was a clear mount set it was a cinch to stamp it perfectly onto a 3/4" piece of whisper white cardstock and then to create a perfect ribbon cut on each side I used my pennant punch to cut the V shape out of each side.
Just because you can, it doesn't mean to say you should.
Many writers can't resist saddling minor characters with real but unusual surnames. I've encountered the English surname "Gotobed" at least a hundred times in novels without ever bumping up against it in the real world. This is never laden with meaning; the writers have simply been amused by the name, and decided they needed to use it someday, somehow, for something. (It always knocks me out of the story by making me think of the Monty Python skit featuring a fellow named Smoketoomuch.)
Amid the rather distasteful searches, I am happy to report that not all of them have been negative. Even if the stringent grammarian in me couldn't help but wish that each word had been spaced properly and that the nouns had been capitalized, I admit that I felt giddy after seeing this:
Q093) How do you become when you’re in love?
First, I just think it takes the fun out of living – why bother when you know this is gonna happen and that, unless it’s some sort of earth shaking Buffy like prophecy then it’s not for me. Second, I prefer to think that the future is not set in stone and if an event is actually set to happen in some sort of timeline – then I will know about it without having to consult.
“I think the message going out from the Taliban here is, when we kidnap people in the future we are serious about harming these people, and that’s a very difficult message to deal with.”
I participated in Bountiful Baskets for the first time a couple of weeks ago. One of things I got was apples. I love to eat apples, but unfortunately these weren't the best eating apples. They were a little sour and didn't have much flavor.
Tasteful and full of fun, Happy Socks are sized specially for a better fit.
so the threat of possibly something going wrong has my nerves a wreck and i'm scared of possibilities - i love my Daddy to pieces and wish upon you all that you can say the same about yours
The most requested make up look and frequently asked question is 'how do you do a smokey eye?'
Our voices won't change, and that's a large part of why we decided to merge. Three distinct POVs sharing a common vibe of advertising, design and all things net. In other words, a little something for everybody.
Fourth: Deep South Clubs
The vista’s were breathtaking, especially watching from the back of the train, as the front of the train snaked its way through the mountainside, riding its edges and crossing bridges that connected mountainsides. See a good photo by clicking here.
It’s dooky.
One of my all-time favorite shots. Ray and I went crabbing and caught 1 crab. We had him in the bucket for a bit with a cutting board and knife. When I went to check on him, the crab had picked up the knife and was waving it around. Really. Just goes to show you: New Jersey crabs are badass and carry knives.
brussels sprouts
I loved the sales. I had fun shopping, got some GREAT deals and didn't pull my hair out doing it.
These people work tirelessly to help and aid those service and ex-service people who have been injured, lost limbs or just need help. I can never thank them enough they made Jacks life easier and towards the end they were always there, when Kath visited Jack in hospital she always had a laugh and joke.
Najib who was then Defense Minister when the deal was done has denied ever knowing Altantuya. He has even sworn on the Quran to convince people to believe him.
Iowa’s Mondo Drag visit the vaults for a watery perfect take on “Rosemary”
Theoretically, the tenons and dovetails will fit snugly in their matching mortises, but not so tight that they can't be knocked apart.
Justin handed me two completed brackets to give to my friend. One with his name on it and one with my name on it. Only, I hadn't done one.
He turned and saw me and then came the smile. His white teeth seemed even whiter, his smile broader. There was small talk and more small talk. About his marriage and baby and move across town. About his job, my job. About how I was doing exactly what I always wanted to do – and he wasn’t.
Vanessa: Has anyone so tiny ever been so fearless, so tireless, so willing to go the extra mile? Everyone knows when they’ve been playing against Vanessa, especially when they are looking up at her.
Nowadays the end of the week to me means so much more, because I don’t have to cram every mortal thing into just a day off. I can take my time more and more importantly, I can spend it with somebody very special.
The bridge to hell is narrower than a hair; haven’t you heard of it with your ears?
To make the meatballs, combine all ingredients and mix well until combined. Form into 24 balls and set aside.
How does that relate to fitness and health? Have you ever seen that “one” guy at the gym? You know the older gentleman staring at the cardio machines? Sometimes what we do during our programs seems futile although there is that joy in the harsh struggle against life and aging. Just as we touched on fractals yesterday and enjoying the inherent beauty in the world that surrounds us and drawing energy to ourselves from that awesome world. Accept the struggles and be at ease with the task before you.
The people in those audiences,… the hard-core republican/conservative base,… would have taken him out at the knees.
2. Finish my college degree in teaching and start working on another in design, social media marketing, or journalism, something similar to all that.
Demi loves theatre, loves musicals, and is gay; his parents know, but he's not really accepted. Demi is never going to be able to be himself in his small town; and while Sadye feels like she doesn't fit in in Ohio, Demi really doesn't fit in.
Date: October 12, 2011
Pink Cadillac
While Markowitz acknowledges his tendency to clown, "for Brooklyn,” Dovere is astute enough to recognize the "darkness" and vindictiveness behind the jocularity.
Here's the Winner for Last Week's Challenge
Nick Drake – Pink Moon
One day I had a conversation with a blogger on Twitter, which started when she complained about books calling themselves ‘YA’ when they were really ‘teen’. Lots of people joined in, as we debated the difference between US YA and UK teen novels. She said she just preferred reading about High Schools, proms, baseball and road trips – reading books set in the UK just felt all wrong. That was the day that the #UKYA hashtag was born.
The HKSAR government seems to have a lot of attention to niches such as Islamic banking. In the audience there was some concern about whether Mr Cheung is getting enough support from the government. Mr Cheung is well positioned to convince the HKSAR government for his case.
The set list includes all the music from the new CD. We’ll also be playing Haste to the Wedding and The Wedding Night Jig in honor of SamTheDrummer’s engagement. There will be a wedding next spring, and I hear he’ll be arranging some very complicated music and making me play it. And I would deserve that.
Well....I can now breathe. It's in....and the opening is Friday evening and runs through the weekend.
