The sad thing is how infrequently one sees that kind of compassion out and about in the world. Instead, it seems like people want their kids to BE zombies, stifling their emotions and walking the earth in a mindless, hungry shuffle. Their kids' emotions (and probably the parent's too) are too much work, too much noise, too much mess. Sure, they might dredge up some compassion when their kids are suffering a huge, gaping wound of a hurt (as this boy was), but the rest of the time they just want their kids to suck it up and move on. They want things to be easy, which means they want their kids to be quiet (without having a fraction the motivation this dad had).
It’s hard to know where to begin explaining the differences between Brazilian TV and American TV. A popular place to start is the telenovelas (also known just as novelas) – these are basically soap operas that come on during prime time 6 days a week and typically run for somewhere short of a year. Most of these are totally boring to me in the same way American soap operas are – they rely on way too close-up cinematography to document the tormented and vacant lives of very rich people in tacky apartments. However, soon after we got to Lucas when we had approximately zero friends to hang out with, one different kind of novela, a historical novela, started…and it is soo good. Seriously, I watch it nearly every night. It’s set in the 19th century (I think?) and features a princess who grew up not knowing she was a princess, a band of vigilantes, a town full of sissies and suck-ups, and a crazy royal family that has nothing better to do than travel half-way around the world looking for treasure (and generally doing a terrible job of keeping up with their princess).
Sobe - Motif (applied to outer half of lid/crease and outer V with MAC 239)
I waited anxiously at the dermatologist’s office, wondering what terrible Hawaiian disease I had come down with. Am I going to live? Okay, let’s not be silly. Of course I’m not going to live. How long do I have?
The sports shaker has taken everything into account by offering an exact measurement of 50g of any chosen supplement which is ideal for professional athletes who are measurement conscious. The Core 150 shaker bottle holds one litre of water for optimal mixing and hydration which is yet another massive selling feature of this product.
The original films were released a long, long time ago. So long ago that younger generations of viewers have absolutely no idea who, or what, a Carrie Fisher or a Mark Hamill is. In his infinite wisdom, the great creator has digitally altered the original trilogy so that the main characters are now played by the best, hippest, culturally relevant, totally actors of the modern era. Robert Pattinson as Luke Skywalker! Matthew McConaughey as Han Solo! Megan Fox as Princess Leia! And Will Smith as Lando Calrissian!
is the harvest that brings home fare
"fighting men of a special class". The killings of the children are a "practical lesson in bravery". The essay was first released in late March and documented in early April by Middle East Media Research Institute. MEMRI is one of the few - and certainly among the most important - agencies making Arabic source materials available to non-Arabic readers.
I'm beginning to think I may need to switch my posting times to once per week. I *do* use my camera every day, but cannot for the life of me squeeze in time to upload the photos! Although, maybe if I were to wait once a week, I'd get overwhelmed and then get behind again. Oh, I don't know! LOL!
Short blog today. Very tired and work has been crazy this week. I’m ready for the weekend.
Isn't that depressing?
Here is another one that I did, I like using blue and orange together--out of all the complementary color combination blue and orange just seem to pop the best. I don't know why...
Speaking in front of a line of military vehicles at Bagram air base, Obama declared: ‘One year ago from a base here in Afghanistan, our troops launched the operation that killed Osama bin Laden.
22. Go through shoes in laundry room (FREE)
We made plans to live in Australia, but get married in Belgium. I had a great job, and I wanted to spend as much time as I could with my Mum, and live near her. So Hans came out to Australia and we lived in Brisbane for four years. My Mum died in that time, horribly, sadly, tragically. She died when I was 4 months pregnant with my FlourGirl, who would have been her first Grandchild. That is a whole other story for another time.
Note: The mixing may take up to 10 minutes to get the frosting smooth. Don’t give up.
I am hesitant to write in all seriousness about love because it is an embarrassing and private thing, unless you are in love and then the world loves with you and smiles on your shining face. And there are those who will say I had my chance, that love was there for the taking and I walked away. But love for me, like anything because I am too sensitive, is hard and tricky. I want it to be right. I can't be easy, I am not easy, and it is not a comfortable thing to be this skittish, this sober, this self conscious all the time. I envy those girls who have three-ways in cars and end up sleeping in fireplaces (that actually happened to a girl I know. slut.). Not the experience itself, a three-way in a car strikes me as decidedly uncomfortable, but the ease and laughter that goes with it, the shrug of shoulders and wicked smile- that I envy.
But actually, it’s even harder than that. If you are a sinner (and everyone is) you cannot just automatically become a good person by trying hard. Your sins are still with you in your soul. You are an inherently selfish and greedy person, and you can never defeat your own wicked lusts 100% of the time.
The inside cover is a note that says "In an effort to develop culturally appropriate materials for our children and families, the Fond du Lac Head Start Program dedicates this book to the many children of the Fond du Lac Reservation."
Back to my morning coffee – the beans are grown in the fertile mountains, and are Colombia’s number one export, along with sugarcane and petroleum, making Cali a fast-developing industrial hub. Today, the Diablo Ballet dancers explore café-lined streets, public universities, and futbol stadiums. Soccer decorations and t-shirts confirm widespread FIFA fever!
I would rather float
II. A crucifixion sermon is wonderful and awful.
And I have good memories with my own immediate family tied to Missouri, tied to its baseball team. On all the trips west from Tennessee to Idaho to visit relatives as a child, we passed through St. Louis. The St. Louis arch wasn't just "the Gateway to the West", it was our gateway to the west, to our extended family, to my parents' beginnings. We always stopped. I have memories of the arch growing in the horizon of the front dashboard, of looking up at the great curve of the arch as I stood on the pavement below, of the brown and broad Mississippi River with its slow barges, of my dad perusing all the Cardinals baseball memorabilia in the souvenir shop at the feet of the huge structure.
What had I done? …
Spectral Press; Simon Marshall-Jones
Finn Rumpelstiltskin is a wealthy playboy descended from a long line of European royals. A count with boyish good lucks and an infectious smile, he seduces women with the grace and skill of a master swordsman. Until an insignificant one night stand changes his life forever. Horribly disfigured by a spurned lover and her sorceress mother, Finn is forced to learn the meaning of the
You’ve been sold by your parents to to pay off a debt they incurred to loan sharks. Fearful and alone, you've been sent to work in the prostitution trade in Bangkok. Ahead of you is a life of misery and degradation. There is no way out. No hope.
Please email me if you have a correction to this post. Or email me if you wish to make a comment and either have expertise in this field or are mentioned in this post. Send messages to fabmaximus at hotmail dot com (note the spam-protected spelling).
February 11 and 12,
So anyway… I think they MIGHT be kicking this thing (after the 100th round of antibiotics…)
The picture above is something I put together for the first book by the same author. She felt it important to show the infant being pulled through the fire by the strange hand. Also important was the star-shaped birthmark. If you're wondering, yes, the background is the same as the first cover shown above. I simply reversed it and changed the formatting and colorization for the second novel.
Ain’t that the truth?! :)
calling the 12 finalists on stage
While I was in Treasure Island, Florida, I had trouble connecting to the Internet. The hotel where I stayed was nice, yet for some reason I didn't sleep well. I woke up pretty wiped out this morning.
Anyway, my MIL soon learned that indeed little ones do know who it is, when Emily seen the quilt and shouted 'Noddy!!!!'. Noddy has been revamped & modernised. Emily loves watching it... (and so does Nathan sometimes!).
Their kids study in Cebu because of that they are usually here. Whenever there’s an occasion, be it birthdays, Christmas, graduation or just feel like eating out, they make it a point that we’re invited. What I admire most with this couple, is their ability to motivate their kids to the fullest, kudos to you two! We do not see each other often but the tie that bonds us together has withstood the test of time.
I'm not all together sure what ultramale is, but the guys in this book are vampires. Is it a vampire romance/erotica book? Not so much. There are allusions to them being vampires throughout, and they're called "Brothers", a la J.R. Ward, but there's no vamp biting action until the very end of the story, and I mean the last few pages. To me, this is a problem. Vampirism in romance isn't something you can just add, like an ex-girlfriend or a preference for pizza. It seems odd that the males being vampire wasn't a much bigger deal.
Just for a little fun at the end of what was an amazing experience, we decided to try a little bit of both beers together. It was pretty much what you'd expect. It still tastes just like an awesome beer, with the sweetness of the older bottle dominating, but with a tiny bit of young bitterness creeping in the background.
uniform + wet hair + clip - wedding ring
The cheesy bread made the perfect side dish to the no boil penne. Blockette went totally gaga over both of them. Particularly the cheese bread. This is one of the things that makes me know she truly my child...her love of cheese. Girl cannot get herself enough cheese, especially Parmesan, but that's a whole 'nother story.
Within a year Jimmie has released his first, and only, solo hit single: Yakety Eeeph (which many of you will recognise as Yakety Sax, the Benny Hill Show chase music) and its b-side Wildwood Eeeph, both tracks featured below. In the early 1980s he joined Boxcar Willie's touring band, again as a harmonica player.
THEN...under all of that, she wrote:
Also, on a side note, I'm going to visit someone this afternoon who has FOUR LITTERS of free kittens!! A lot of them are already claimed, but hopefully I'll find one with a good personality to take home when they're ready to be taken from their mama's!
“One must be curious about the right things.”
I have class until 6:00 P.M. Monday night, 5:30 P.M. Tuesday and Thursday, and depending on which Institute class I go to either 6:30 or 9:00 P.M. on Wednesdays. Fridays are my homework days. I love it! I don't have to go to Evanston, so I have time to write papers and get things done here. I've also been trying to go to the temple Friday during the day sometime because it is much easier to drive when most people are at work, and it actually means I can find a parking spot on the street somewhere when I get back. Going to the temple during the day also makes me feel really needed. Every time I've been when it isn't Friday night or Saturday, I am one of the only patrons in the temple. It's so different from going to Provo, where there were several people there no matter what time I went.
Jaela - tell daddy to stop passing gas in the house (HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA)
So, the funny thing about this honeycomb cake, is that there is no honey in it! The caramelized sugar flavors it to taste like honey, and the baking soda creates the little “tunnels” as it bakes, resembling the honeycomb. The whole time I was making it, I thought, “This is not turning out right!” I never thought the sugar was going to melt back down, and the batter was extremely liquidy and didn’t look like it’s gonna set up at all. Not to mention there is 2 cups of water in the recipe! My advise is: read the recipe all the way through before starting, and expect it to not look like a normal cake mix! Take a deep breath, and bake this thing!
“Nothing.”
“Y, yes… m-move…”
- What is ‘sense of place’ for the local population in the Wolden?
This is a Starbucks coffee thermos that I recovered from a garage sale this weekend. They are made to be "altered" and that is exactly what I did! I found this Around the Block PP in my stash that is all about traveling and "enjoying the journey" and I thought that it would be perfect for this! I just slipped the PP inside the thermos where it will be kept dry from washing and then set to the Flopsey on the outside!
The rest of my lunch was spent very pleasantly, watching Gardner try to josh, flatter, and cajole the accordionist into moving on somewhere else while the musician manfully and enthusiastically earned what was surely his best tip of the day.
We could barely waddle away from the table! My husband had two Lemon Drop martinis and I tried a Raspberry martini made with Belvedere Vodka which was suggested by our food server. WOW was it yummy! I am not a big drinker..but this did not even taste like booze. They use fresh raspberries and I guess the vodka has a citrus in it which tones down the raspberries.
-Trish
the way our peacekeeping capacity
And half believe it true.
This week the main project was a cute double jotter pad with matching pencil and holder. I showed my age by saying it was ideal to keep by the phone... but was told that most folk have cordless phones now and so they were never in one place for long! Not restricted to phone messages though; these notepads would be great in your handbag or even for your grocery shopping lists.
11:03
More details would follow, if the activity continues.
This photo I took in ’07 when I went to Italy. This trip was a huge influence on my life because it was what made me fall in love with the idea of culture, and the beauty of cultural differences and language. I have this picture on the inside of my school binder to remind me of 2 things: 1) Why I’m an anthropology major. 2) I’ll be back in Italy in November!!!!
One of our two tour buses was under repair causing the twelve member administrative crew to pile on the entertainers bus for the two mile ride to the hotel. It was uncomfortable.
1-1/2 tsp lemon zest
Schwalb listened, repeatedly, and it seemed he had a direct line on youse big dumb guys' inner-most thoughts as concerns women. Sexy, gorgeous, easily-led women, some of them even with breathy Hungarian accents.
Here's what happens. The agency gathers a bunch of people with no minds and puts them in a room with a low ceiling and a mirror. You sit behind the mirror and spy on them while they answer questions about the agency's ideas. They respond with answers that defy belief, logic, understanding and purpose.
May I present to you the top 10 new features of the iPhone that had me at hello...
Peccaries for Peace. With that said, isn’t it time to elevate the peccary as a symbol of rapprochement in the Middle East? You’ve got a better idea? Let’s begin with our mutual tolerance for the little critters and erect a peace that lasts. Let's bring Arab and Jew to the peace table--a capacious table where all eat peccary together.
** the top will split slightly when loaves are done.
Do you knit? Tell me in the comments below!
01 Maurizio - M6 (Version) (7:23)
Smell: 5
And Then the Voices Come… Like Bees In My Head… They Will Not Relent
To mobilize consumers, the alliance has tapped its partners to help build a grass-roots network. More than 500,000 members of the media reform organization Free Press have filed more than 20,000 comments with the FCC supporting unlicensed devices to use white spaces, said Shawn Chang, the consumer advocacy group’s deputy policy director. The move will help counter NAB’s constituency of station owners.
The piece, priced at £500, is a high definition video displaying one of the artist's famous diamond-encrusted skulls.
So what the hell eh? You only live once.
One thing that struck me soon after walking in was how difficult it was going to be to secure this area. (See some of the photos at http://www.statesman.com/news/content/news/photos/02/022307_reader_obama.html ). Not only was the stage in an open field, there were tall buildings all within relatively easy rifle range. Behind us (south of downtown) were an entire construction crew building a new structure, as well as the Palmer events center, all within 1000 yards of the venue. And the security to get in was lax as well: women's bags were searched before entry, but we saw people who came in with backpacks (which you weren't supposed to be able to bring), umbrellas, food (would have been nice to have), and one person even got in with her dog. Anyone could have walked in with a small weapon without a problem.
Aguilar was stucked on the bench of TnT, preventing him to improve and mature. But how can this thing happen?
Visitors to Japan complain that movie tickets and pizza are too expensive in Japan…and they are—if you pay full price.
In the current story going through Incredible Hulk, Banner is separated from the Hulk. Most people who are not writers for Marvel, assume that the goodness and decency of Banner is what keeps Hulk from being a horrific, rampaging monster and directs it to be an agent of good. This seems to be the direction that the Edward Norton Hulk film took, and the Joss Whedon Avenger’s film takes. The current story line in the Incredible Hulk book seems to state otherwise. Bruce Banner comes off as a first class asshole in the books.
Below you see what happens. Berci has found a list with 50 great tools to “Double check your Doctor”. He tweets the link to what he considers a great resource list, and in no time the message and the link are tweeted several times. Some people also post a link on their blog.
Instead, they say many have a much broader view of how to change society after the Religious Right generation that preceded them. Politics is just a piece, and abortion is just one of the important social issues in play.
Battle of the Bulbs ... Hallmark Channel ... 6 PM
6. Charles Bronson - Skate For God
*Credit or Billing Disputes
Suitable for these jeans in fact, is incredible. I have little doubt that the whole concept. Many times in the past, some brands have already said their jeans suitable amazing, but there is not much difference, but it is not the case here. I am really shocked to discover that in fact they will do everything. I chose the 1210 lean, because I like a lower growth (they are in different cuts and rising). These approximately 7.5 "rise, 10" leg opening 29 "-30" around the crotch. All this for me is perfect, this is what I love my jeans!
Many people believe that North America is the most wasteful and materialistic place. Twenty years ago, I would say this is definitely true. However, in many parts of Asia, the race to keep up with where North America is perceived to be have made consuming the primary activity.
June: Sam Butera, Hugh Hopper, Bob Bogle, Seething Wells, Sky Saxon
THANK YOU EVERYONE !! :-)
Anyways...it was a pretty cool yeast experiment that is going to end up with two distinctly yeasty Saison's that are going to be terrific summer quaffers. I took a simple Saison recipe from Northern Brewer, and I brewed it like a Bier de Garde, and then split the batch with Wyeast French Saison 3711(which I really like) and Safbrew T-58(which I'd never tried).
Also tonight, Randy Orton takes on Cody Rhodes….Champion Vs Champion.
I decided to go with a timely theme: the 2012 presidential election. I downloaded "Hail to the Chief" and had it playing during the judging. (And yet I still didn't win! What the!?) Here are a couple pictures:
As far as a dream project is concerned, whenever I feel like I have true creative control and the opportunity to do what I know how to do, I have a dream project.
If you can think - and not make thoughts your aim;
At 1300 there is the call for all professional crew to put on the appropriate attire as we cross our last border of our circumnavigation. It is a sad time to look at the professional crew and realise that this is probably the last time I will see them in their bad taste shirts, then I realise that in actual fact I will probably see them wearing them all again in two nights time in Eden’s local tavern. But it is sad to know that it is our last border crossing after having gone through the tradition eight times over the last thirteen months.
Isn't it always the hairstyles that give away when a historical drama was made?
In essence, the conservative person is simply one who finds the permanent things more pleasing than Chaos and Old Night. (Yet conservatives know, with Burke, that healthy "change is the means of our preservation.") A people's historic continuity of experience, says the conservative, offers a guide to policy far better than the abstract designs of coffee-house philosophers. But of course there is more to the conservative persuasion than this general attitude."
Honestly, though, if you whole-heartedly believe that Global Warming is a serious threat to humanity, show it in how you live. Walk more, drive less. Turn your thermostat down two degrees. Hold your breath for an hour a day (just not for an hour straight). Just for all things good and Holy don't pay what amounts to be just another Stupid Tax, like slot machines and the lottery.
They’re just afraid
I’ve found my way around it,- lower calorie bread, if necessary, with Helmann’s Extra Light Mayo.
It was preposterous, and Henry certainly didn’t believe it. But it created a political/religious “wing” of anti-Anne sentiment that could be exploited by Cromwell when he turned against Anne, and was a powerful obstacle in the way of Anne’s acceptance by the (still largely Catholic) English people. In gaining that acceptance—and with it some protection from the winds of shifting politics—Anne already had several strikes against her. She had supplanted a beloved queen. She was rumored to be “haughty” and suspiciously “French”–and even worse than that, a vocal, intellectual, “interfering” woman. Jane Seymour, when she entered the picture in 1536, was no less the “other woman” than Anne was (and probably more deserving of the charge of using her virginity as bait than Anne was), but her apparent docility miraculously spared her, when she became queen, from the antipathy that Anne inspired. True, Jane was a believer in the “old ways” and a supporter of Mary’s rights, which would have endeared her to Chapuys no matter what her personality. But although later historians would question just how docile Jane actually was, in her own time she was constantly commended for her gentleness, compassion, and submissiveness, which she advertised in her own motto: “Bound to obey and serve.” With few exceptions, the stereotype has not lost its grip on popular culture.
Oh my ... getting back to my blog is like starting all over again! It has been so long. Things just got so hectic that I could not find time to think and I put blogging on the back burner. First, I want to give a quick update about our life down here. DH, David, had his Prostate cancer surgery on Nov 28 and it went well. It was done by robot and he had 6 punctures. He had probably 3 weeks of discomfort and limited movement, but then began improving daily and is now pretty much back to normal!! We have started a bathroom redo and I have resumed my job as gofer and hander while he does all the work:-) We went with the surgery because radiation is not guaranteed to cure it and surgery gets it all! Thank you so much for your thoughts and prayers -- they help so much:-)
I have liberal readers. They agree.
I honestly do not. I can't imagine picking one child out of the six. Every child is so different and all of them have their own little ways that make me laugh, or fill my heart with joy and pride.
Loving-kindness is a core ethical virtue, but it is not easily translated into English. We just celebrated Passover and at the close of the seder, we recite the Great Hallel, Psalm 136. We read it responsively with the leader reading the first line and everyone responding, “For His steadfast love endures forever!” In those verses, steadfast love is translated from the word “chesed.” We could even read that as “His chesed is always there.” And as you read through Psalm 136, it starts off with: “Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good, for his steadfast love endures forever.”
Surah 4: An-Nisa’: 3:
The Scribe. In 70 A.D., a scribe who was a witness to the life and teachings of Jesus, leaves his notes in the safekeeping of the Qumran community. He once asked Jesus if he coould become one of he Twelve- but was told no. He is the author of ... Q. The Society. No one has heard of the Society of St. Matthew, an intensely secretive band of men whose sole purpose is to study, and more importantly, guard the existence of an ancient manuscript. But has one of their own members betrayed their cause? They are the guardians of ... Q. The Media Mongul. This billionaire illegally takes possession of a first-century manuscript that he plans to use as a tool to undermine confidence in Christian scripture and faith. He beliees this will behis singular contribution to the world. The name of hs scheme is ... Q. The Student. Gigi Vaughn is a seminary student and a volunteer at a homeless shelter in Ft. Worth, Texas. Her life is turned upside down when she fids an injured man in the alley behind the shelter- an Englishman who mumbles something about ... Q. The Thief. Jeremy Croft has the aristocratic bearing of an English Lor, but plies a trade that's not quite as lofty. The Society of St. Matthew has hired him to steal back from the media baron something they treasure. The teasure is ... Q. Q. A simple manuscript, purporting to tell about the life of Jesus, is about to create a web of violence and intrigue ... and touch the lives of all those who are people of faith!
By the time I have everyone arranged, stations worked out, instructions given, I become aware that the Doctor is the only one in the tent, treating patients. I wander across for a closer look, and discover that he is not just handing out the few medications we have, but is actually examining the patients with their aches and pains, and actually treating them. “This simply wont do” he announces, and drives off to Greytown and returns shortly afterwards with half the hospital pharmacy, handing out anti-biotics and medications that you need to study at least 7 years just to pronounce.
about 300g of dried rice sticks (see picture above), in Chinese they are called 白粿干 ‘bai guo gan'
(9) A small cohort of blacks—in my experience, around five percent—is ferociously hostile to whites and will go to great lengths to inconvenience or harm us. A much larger cohort of blacks—around half—will go along passively if the five percent take leadership in some event. They will do this out of racial solidarity, the natural willingness of most human beings to be led, and a vague feeling that whites have it coming.
Do not get me wrong. I like TWoK. I just do not think it is the standard by which all other trek films should be measured. There is a habit even now of comparing all subsequent films to it. The film should stand on its own and it does so well. But it is not complete. We have not fully settled the matter of Kirk’s need to captain the Enterprise or regain his sense of self. He has not really dealt with his relationship with David. There are still strings left to be tied and they will not all be tied cleanly. So as far as the big picture is concerned, some things will be lacking. The film takes a hot as far as I am concerned because of it. But not much of one.
He loved to play and he loved to pounce. When he got really excited, he’d run back and forth like he was built for speed. Indeed he was. He’d also get really happy when I came home. He’d run to the door to see me and if I didn’t give him a proper hewwo he’d follow me around and start barking at me until he got his fill of love.
What are these you may ask? These are our drop dead, sexy, high heel classic black heels. Wearing high heels is like therapy... as soon as you put them on you feel stronger and more confident...Remember Cinderella... her glass slipper is testament to that....As for the aching feet and pinched toes...feeling good about ourselves is not always easy....a little pain for a lot of gain... Heels, whatever any one will tell you, are more flattering than flats any day of the week...Wear them selectively, for short bursts of time, get in training...but never give in....they really are our friends....Anything that can make my legs look longer and slimmer and my ankles narrower is a miracle and that has to be counted as true friendship...One of the ultimate designers of les escarpins noir is Christian Louboutin...like le trench, another blue chip for the portfolio...
Charles Alexander reads and discusses his new serial poem Pushing Water (Cuneiform Press, 2011) on Leonard Schwartz's Cross Cultural Poetics Radio Show. Copies of the book are available direct from the press by scrolling down and looking in the column on the left.
My Western background left me completely unprepared for this Eastern take on the feast of the gift of the Spirit to the Church. In Western Churches, Pentecost particularly focuses on the “fire” of the Holy Spirit lighting on the disciples in the upper room and the “empowerment” of the Church for mission. Traditionally in the West, the color of the feast is red (for the fire).
I also really liked how historical events were peppered through the diary but not fully explained. It wouldn’t be normal for someone to go on and on about the back story of the Donner party, but that event would certainly have made it into their diaries and affected some of the choices that they made. Rest assured though, there is a lengthy historical note at the end where all of these mentioned historical events are more thoroughly explained.
Theory 3
This makes me grateful that I was accepted into art school, given the chance to show people my talent and passion for art and design and also grateful for my friends and family who encouraged me to pursue a career in design... something which I want to do with my life. It is apparent from my family history, that art and design runs in my blood, as most of my family members are crafty one way or another. This knowledge makes me proud and allows me to carry on art to pass the future generations one day... hopefully, but not just yet!
As I mentioned above, 15 dishes should cover the full month for me and if it doesn't I do have a backup list of meals. The first meal I made, quiche, fed us for dinner, lunch, and will be tomorrow's breakfast as well!
1 T dried thyme
Sketchbook drawing: Trumpet Parts No. 79, drawn first with pencil and ruler (Yikes! I’m using a ruler again…) followed by watercolor.
polyphony. On the new album's "Rubberband Girl", she lets
Damn her stupid Catholic upbringing. Damn my inability to push. Why did my mother teach me to accept no from women? Sam sat in that chair with her glass of chardonnay, a novel, and with the same genuine naivety she’s used all these years, asked me what’s wrong. What’s wrong? I’ll tell you what’s wrong!
You do all sorts of other funny things - you eat like a big girl, but like to throw your food off your high chair (we think you have a soft spot of Bacon in your heart). You like to walk to us with your arms open wide, and fall right into an embrace. You like to give these huge open mouth kisses when we say, Give Me a Kiss. You also like to wave goodbye, blow kisses and give high fives.
So I totally had plans to put this on ebay and make a bajilliondy dollars (just like I did[n't] last time). But then I went to actually get the doll (never removed from box, mind) to take some photos of it and saw the condition it was in.
Helping others with the same or similar disabilities understand that they are just as able as the normal person next to them has always been Doug’s advocacy.
after jagged, bent-out-of-shape paperclip,
First, the weight fell off with breastfeeding. I lost what seemed like 20 pounds in the first few weeks. But at about month two, Wyatt started battling with horrible reflux. And I couldn't seem to find anything in my diet that would soothe it besides limiting myself to potatoes and green beans SO we found a formula that worked beautifully for him and the boobies went buh-bye. Well, one did. I was only able to use one, but that's another story for another time. Call me selfish for stopping so soon, but he is thriving now so...
Last but not least, we want to thank our dedicated Community Justice Program volunteers who continue to support project development, programming and our legal information trainings without fail. Many appreciations for all of the hard work go out to Jessica, Megan, Jane, Gabriella, Jing, Patricia and Anita.
He began to settle down.
Funny how that never bothered him at Florida. He’s become as insecure about winning as his fan base is.
It seems clear that the Hallowe’en gremlins on the London bus service highlight yet more areas where TfL simply need to think twice about their customers. Bus and tube fares are expensive, and we already put up with exorbitant fees and inefficient timetables (compare with the slick Berlin or Viennese systems if we want to over-egg the clichees).
A good, general rule of thumb for any blog is to deliver the new material in the morning, so when your readers open their computers, either at work or at home, they can find your freshly published posts. Of course, this becomes tricky when your readers are located in different continents and therefore have different time zones. The optimal solution to this issue is setting different publishing times for your posts depending on the language they are written in. There is no doubt that this takes some effort, but it gives your blog a very professional allure. To help you managing several time zones you can use
Our work is on show from the 4-17th May thereafter!
makes about 32 shells (for 16 sandwich cookies)
But he would play the final card. The closing hand.
We only planted half a dozen bulbs (this was really just a bit of an experiment this time around), and so far we've had pink (forgot to get pictures of that one), yellow, and red, with a few more buds starting to appear. When the bulbs are done flowering, there won't be any point in saving them for next year - the bulbs used up all their stored nutrients in the forcing process, and can't be forced again next year.
A year ago, before the current state of affairs, well-placed police officers would have informed their contacts in the Press if a serious crime was being covered up, as the attempted murder of German Gorbuntsov was. Nor, in those days of greater openness, is it likely that Scotland Yard would have issued the kind of statement it did last Wednesday, which misled the media.
Sean, in the car (Emily started crying) "Mama! I think you need to nurse Emily some more!"
There will be no video announcements today, due to the May Day broadcast. Thanks!
Over the past five years, interest in tobacco harm reduction has expanded exponentially, with a concomitant increase in the number of published studies. ACSH asked me to review and analyze influential contributions to the scientific and medical literature, and to discuss issues that continue to stimulate debate. My review, “The Scientific Foundation for Tobacco Harm Reduction, 2006-2011,” has just been published by the Harm Reduction Journal (available here).
What crazy dudes.
Take your plain, nasty, cheese Kirkland brand pizza and add a ton of toppings to it!
He’s a bit surprised to hear her call his nickname casually and she realizes it as well.
Kola is widely used as a treatment for whooping cough and asthma, as the caffeine acts as a bronchodilator, expanding the bronchial air passages. A Journal of American Medicine cites a study of kola nut’s effects on asthma that showed “the attack being cut short and the child’s condition rapidly improved.”
This can also be used for installing organizational CA certificates which will then be trusted by all applications to authenticate to non-public servers with certificates issued by the same CA.
Ultimately, I wasn’t blown away by Dubliners, although I was pleasantly surprised. While I think I’ll definitely try and take on Ulysses in the future (famous last words), I don’t think I’ll revisit Dubliners unless it’s to revisit “The Dead”, which really manages to drive the point of the entire collection home poignantly. I will say that Joyce, naturally, has an amazing sense of place and giving the reader the right detail to orient themselves in Dublin; it’s part of that unflattering reflection into the world and making these characters real people. I may not want to come back and visit, but it’s still firmly a place on my literary map of the world.
I got it in the mail today!!
"It is really not worth looking at, but I couldn't stop laughing, so I have to point it out....
Empty netters aside, I defy you to find a person who can honestly admit, under penalty of perjury, that they have actually seen the puck cross the goal line into the net at full speed. You can't. That's because no one has seen this. It's the only major sport out there where they have to use a siren to let fans, refs, and players know that someone scored. Because if they didn't do that, NO ONE would know.
Gordon Brown, that old one-eyed campaigner,
The only way to repel this probe successfully is to make it very, very expensive for the people who launched it. Only a painful result will discourage more of the same behavior later on, in other contexts.
2. Omar Souleyman - I'll Prevent the Hunters from Hurting You
We however were craving some time on the water....we went in with my sister and my dad to get this beauty. It was carefully strapped to the roof of my little Calibre....we were on our way to the Woods when a gust of wind came up and promptly removed the canoe from the roof....yes, there was plenty of cussing. A call to my dad to bring us some fresh rope and his canoe knowledge.....and we were back on the road. This new canoe amazingly bounced off the highway and is completely fine, except for a few scratches! (The canoe was hereby named "SS Fell Off The Effing Roof")
That wafts them to and fro?
Hugh Jackman has tremendous screen presence. His macho personality and an amazing physique look perfect for the character. You would surely believe him when he says that he learnt from Sylvester Stallone’s character in Rocky. Dakota Goyo as his son suits his character pretty well. Evangeline Lilly, the star of the series “Lost” who is Hugh Jackman’s girlfriend, doesn’t really have much of a role to talk about. The rest don’t get much scope.
My undies wet, drenched to the bone.
But about that child,
Dwelling on the questions, “Why not us?” or “Why not me?” can become a very dangerous place to camp. Ultimately, it will lead you to a path of anger, bitterness, and resentment. Just as pitching a tent in a “No Camping” area can be hazardous, focusing on the “what-ifs” and the “why-not’s” can harm you, too. You must learn to discipline your thoughts and rest in a place of peace, knowing that God is in control. Our advice to you is post a mental sign, “No Camping Allowed” and move on!
Sunday brunch; the table overflowing with food and drink, the fine china and silverware laid out, the clock ticking away painfully slow minutes before father finally speaks. "Well son," he says, "isn't it about time you got yourself a job?"
The second problem according to Prof. Desiraju is the method of appointments followed by state universities. In his words: “In the more influential central institutions, appointments are often made incestuously, with students of a few senior researchers filling a disproportionately large number of vacancies, or with plain academic 'inbreeding'. A good dose of regional parochialism completes the picture.”
Perth people LOVE Thermomixes. Kitchens which once proudly displayed a red KitchenAid Mixer now have a Thermomix as pride of place. And at just shy of $2K it is the undisputed trophy kitchen item of the well-heeled in the West.
I'm in the market for a similar bag that has at least one pocket (the more, the better!) Here are some I have been eying on Etsy!
The classes will be taught by Southwest staff.
Wynkoop - A Colorado institution founded by current CO governor John Hickenlooper. Food isn't bad, beer is average to very good, but the space is killer. Its in an old brick warehouse and has a pool hall on the top floor and a comedy club in the basement. Wynkoop hosts many of the best beer events in town and it is conveniently located across the street from Union Station and the light rail.
Because, yes, a special needs trust does not just have to be for after you die. Did you know that?
But I was sent North and away from the protesters for a short while, as I searched for an elusive hospital-gowned angry woman who was, according to the caller, shouting abuse and being aggressive. I drove around the area a few times but couldn’t spot her; she either never existed, or had gone underground (quite literally)... or had wandered back to hospital to have her gown changed.
You’re running too fast
Transfer rumour time…
Sweat rolls down my face and my breathing becomes ragged. This isn’t fatigue, this is fear. It was more of a nightmare than a show of power, and what did I even do? I failed to stop that ball of flame, despite feeling so urgently that I needed to stop it.
God has blessed me with a beautiful baby girl in addition to the three others I gave life to. He has blessed me with unique albeit trying circumstances in addition to an affection for writing. This blog initially started out as a way to keep my family and close friends in the loop as to what was going on. It saved me from feeling like I had to respond to an extent of emails, voicemails, and texts. It gradually evolved into something therapeutic–a way to clear my head and process my emotions. I didn’t really care who was “watching”. Now from there it has taken on a whole new vocation. There are more visitors to this site than I ever imagined. Because of the beautiful ways that Nora’s story has touched so many thousands of lives I will continue to be open and “real” just as I have been all along. God gives each of us talents. How we use them is up to us. I can’t think of a better way to use mine than to glorify the One who gave them to me.
And confess
Should you prefer the lighter side of life the lagers of the world all enjoy the especially nutty flavors of the fried frenched potato.
Windows and rooms, that i'm passing through,
The smell of grass and flowers
Also, on the cross in Mark 15:
Booktalk: Use this lively book for Cinco de Mayo next week and march to the music!
change those choices I would, but it’s too
Whatever camp you are in, PCI remains a fact of life for all merchants that want to accept credit cards for the foreseeable future. So, while new and innovative payment methods and payment systems are interesting, it seems illogical for a retailer to risk losing their ability to accept Visa, MasterCard, and Discover payments by failing a PCI audit due to unsanctioned technology.
Which is why, eight years after I graduated, I went straight into Mr. Martin's office when I heard that the school had an opening for a physics teacher. I didn't have an appointment, I just walked in there one day and, before he had a chance to say a word, I put my resume on his desk and launched into a lengthy speech telling him exactly why he should hire me to teach there. I reminded him of all the stupid things I did in high school, and all the ways I found to mess up my life; I told him how his constant reminders to stop screwing around and use my brain had finally gotten through; I told him that, having been there, I knew exactly what these kids were going through, and I knew exactly how to help them get through it; I told him how much of a difference he had made in my life, and that I could repay that by teaching kids how to use their potential and make something out of their lives. Because I know what it's like to be a screw-up, and I know what it's like to make it to the other side. And I know how to guide them to get there.
the next day..my facebk status had "i went to jail n back"... and once again.. all my frenz blived a cock n bull story about me gettting drunk and abusing a plain clothed policeman while he was stopping me from urinating by the roadside....thus in their words " i had accomplished what nobody else in the gang had done".
As the moon rose, the sky fell into darkness and I could see others joining him around his fire. The shadows and reliefs of children and dogs and other adults moved across the flames and around the circle he had made. I could hear their quiet murmurings and laughter as the flames rose up and died down and rose up again while the moon made her ascent. A perfect metaphor for the passionate flame of a deep Scorpio moon.
I returned defeated to bed. DH had heard me and he held me tight as I cried for a long while. Finally, I got back to sleep by telling myself I needed to wait for the official baby club rejection call.
But I suppose that's the cool thing about that still, small voice. If you share it with someone else, it gets louder. And louder.
Erika: Hopefully in the next 2 weeks they will be moved to the MFFM page!
Sofia M. Starnes
-Beau's birthday is tomorrow. He'll be 32. Happy Birthday Beau! You are my best friend and I could not imagine life without you. You are the best husband a girl could ever hope for and your boys love you as much as I do.
Mother's Day is coming up pretty quick here - It's already over in the UK, theirs was on April 3. Last year was the very worst of all Mothers days ever, period. I was at my dad's, helping him plan the funeral for my sister. The Worst.
Stage 3: Baby preparationAdmittedly, this stage sucks a little. Your once beautiful place becomes a construction zone. Your game room becomes the baby’s room and has to be redone, and apparently, the baby does not need a life sized storm trooper in his room. There are cribs that need to be built, strollers everywhere, it is madness. It seems that there was always a magazine with workout tips or how to brew your own beer within reach, and now there are baby books and parenting guides. There is also an overabundance of miniature clothes and educational toys that don’t look fun to play with.
“Before, dot, dot, dot? You don’t know?”
And he moved the forth string from his harp crying out and saying: Virgins shall enter to the king after her (Ps. 45:14).
file size expected actual
Basale soppu/ Climbing Spinach Leaves - around 15
“Paws on Parade is Louisiana’s public art project based on the little bead dogs that kids make when they are waiting for parades. We created sizeable fiberglass sculptures, and enlisted the help of local artists to decorate them. We brought on community sponsors to display them all over the city,” Ana Zorrilla, Louisiana SPCA CEO, said.
Consciousness stuck in the impossibilities is at the root of human suffering. In this state, one feels disconnected from love and therefore from life itself. The perception of this disconnect takes on a life of its own. One consciously or unconsciously attempts to prove that the disconnect is real and further the notion of disconnect. There is no evolution in that state, as the impossibilities keep one stuck, out of flow and out of the experience of eternal love. In the impossibilities, painful emotions such as judgment, loneliness, loss, guilt and shame, are born.
Superheroes
I am even getting choked up thinking about it....is there any hope for me ?
"This can't be right," she protested aloud,
Today, The European Parliament gave its consent to "enhanced cooperation" for a single EU patent, thus clearing the way to genuine EU-wide patent protection for inventions. Importantly, the "enhanced cooperation" measure under the Lisbon Treaty provides a fast-track for the legislation, allowing nine or more EU countries to push ahead with a measure, even if it has not been agreed by all 27. Currently, Spain and Italy are opposing the new law, which provides that applications may be filed using the English, German and French languages.
In November 2006 I blogged about an article the Liberal Democrat shadow home secretary had written, using the title: "Nick Clegg: Why we need a Freedom Bill".
I'm Not a Juvenile Delinquent...Frankie Lyman & the Teenagers
Rest In Peace, Junior. See you in Canton.
It will destroy everything in it's path. No doubt.
The Pleasures of Indoor Hot Tubs for People Living in the Big City
I thought the perfect way to show you how some of my demonstrator friends are creating with these new products I would post some of the swap cards I just received from our "GoDivas" Occasions Mini Swap. I was blown away when I opened the package! What a talented and creative group of ladies. Here are just a few of my favorites....
SECOND COURSE: Cream of Pearl Barley Soup
For almost two decades.
Thing is that I just got caught by one of those exact philosophical snags that my move was supposed to help me avoid. It turns out that it’s incredibly difficult to “downgrade” your OS from 10.7 to 10.6. It’s not impossible (except for those cases in which it is) but it’s damn difficult.
Thoughts suddenly came to explain why I felt that way before laying eyes on him. Perhaps unconsciously I had seen him before, but merely forgotten the quick exchange that had occurred. Heck, maybe he and I shared a psychic bond. There were times when I could “feel” what he was feeling, “think” what he was thinking. (Those all turned out to be more phony use of the V2K or whatever. It all got cut off abruptly in May or June 2010, implying he “is not coming” because he is dead; see again short story “Ground Control” and recall I wrote previously that “He’s not coming” was delivered in S****’s voice a few times. Attempt again to provoke suicide or violence).
So what gave rise to the “Southern Strategy” tale and how did it gain momentum? Take it away, Ms. Coulter:
Tuesday --smoked salmon crepe cakes
Ahoy!
And who’s the fool who wears the crown?
It FEELS less safe thanks to a daily diet of child abductions on shows like CSI, and an unsatiable appetite for those same stories –whether in California or Aruba or Portugal – on CNN. On TV, kids are abducted 24/7. But as someone who once wrote to this website pointed out: If a Martian came to earth and asked, “What is life like down here?” we could answer: “Well, do you want to know how 99.99% of people live, or would you like to hear about the other .01% ?” Chances are, he (it?) would say, “The 99.99%.” But when we watch TV — especially the news — we hear about the .01%. Then we turn it off and say, “What an awful world.”
As for me, I'm excited about the opportunity to start something new. I'm taking a little bit of time to reflect on what will be most meaningful to me, and if you're interested in finding out what I come up with, you can sign up on my mailing list. I'll be sure to let you know.
Chamille heard in a round about way that her runaway friend has decided that she's going to try being really nice to her mom so that she can get her life back.
6) Contribution
Pay attention. You might just be telling stories about the summer of 2008 to your grandkids one day.
before jordan, my husband was everything to me, my best friend, the love of my life, my family. EVERYTHING. I loved him more then I loved myself.
Ray Graham (RB Pitt)- Graham had over 200 yards and three touchdowns. Although they were against Buffalo, hardly a MAC powerhouse, they were impressive numbers. What impresses us most about Graham is his ability to break away from tackles. He doesn’t have the most amazing speed, but he is elusive.
To send the ship on her way
In that moment I had a choice: to let CBG handle his own kid his way, or to step in and be mom.
I considered doing nothing but that just felt wrong!
I'm hoping you will take a look at your life today and notice the
Liberals do these things for your own good, you see. They know what is best. They don’t think you are very smart or you would be doing these good things for yourself. It’s compulsive. When they give you all the good things that they bestow in order to win your vote, those things cost money. So in order to cut costs, they have to force you to follow their guidelines.
April 19 TBA, Athens GA
Oh, yes, how could I forget? Among the papers marinated in spoiled milk, was an invitation to a birthday party. A party being held tomorrow.
house to pay his traveler’s tax will go even more
Today, close to a half million marchers in Washington DC will commemorate the 39th anniversary of the Supreme Court Ruling, Roe v. Wade, that legalized the killing of unborn children. 54 million lives have been cut short since that date. 54 million voices have been silenced. I wonder if any of those babies would've grown up to find a cure for cancer? or AIDS? How many more women must suffer the misery of having to choose to kill their child because they see no other option available to them?
Things to do long before your book comes out or even sells to a publisher:
available, but the prayer of petition does, and that power is dynamic in its
Hell if I know! I didn’t even know you existed, but you apparently have all sorts of access to where I live. On top of it, I’m in these stupid ass PJs without a bra! My boobs are EVERYWHERE as you’re shaking my hand. This is not the kind of show for audience participation. Nor is it one that is free. Cover’s $30, bitch. “Yeah I think he should be sleeping in his room. Have a great trip!”
my bare foot over the edge. I should have
After 5 weeks I finally have a bathroom back upstairs.
If they don't, they fall among those who never leave, abandoned on Everest.
We lost our very good friend Monica Sone and miss her so much.
I had two clear choices – Bali or Yogyakarta. I thought it’s better to go to Bali with friends, since it’s a beach and I won’t enjoy myself just being alone walking barefoot on the sand, staring into nothing until I get a hold of myself and realize I am chest-deep in seawater, facing the open sea with tears streaming down my face. Or get locked out of my room with a busted key card. Anyway, I chose to go to Yogyakarta mainly because it’s easier to be a lone tourist just wandering around the cliche-ic temples and cultural sites.
However, on the subject of the Metropolitan Railway, I confess, my stiff-necked censor, to use a familiar expression, had touched me on the raw. I did feel somewhat ashamed that, whether owing to modern apathy or accident, I had not yet travelled by it, and determined to make my journey the next day.
“Well, I’ll be a son of a gun!” Pappy exclaimed. “You boys don’t care none at all about my home.”
Presentation: Hans Eisenbeis, Iconoculture
All you need is some double knitting yarn in a couple of colours where possible and a pair of 4mm needles, a darning needle and polyester toy stuffing. Non of these items are all that expensive and most crafters will have most if not all of these items already. Just make sure they are new or freshly laundered
1. Name of CSC?
CFR Director Henry Kravis is the son of Raymond Kravis, who had been a
If you are a cop and the lockbox code doesn't work and the so-called realtor's number has been disconnected, then your mind immediately conjures up images of Glengary Glen Ross and other illustrious con men. Fortunately, he could look through the windows of the house and see packages we'd had shipped ahead to our realtor, so that terrifying thought was fleeting. But half-hour later, we were no closer to getting the door open.
Finish: Thank effing god. I never thought I’d make it.
D - Crock-pot Pork and Cabbage
p156 “…man is forever seeking and grasping. Why? he grasps for the world because intuitively he longs to be rejoined with that from which he has been estranged through delusion. It is in consequence of this alienation that we find the strong overcoming the weak and the weak accepting enslavement as an alternative to death. Yet when undeluded, human beings naturally gravitate toward one another. Those with strong natures want to cherish and protect the weak, while the latter long to be cherished by them. So we have the Buddha, who is spiritually powerful, embracing us who are weak, and we bow down before him in grateful acceptance of his overwhelming compassion. Like a mother caressing her infant, here there is no separateness, only harmony and oneness. Everything in nature seeks this unity. If you carefully observe the pod of a lotus, you will see that when drops of rain or dew overflow the little combs, they merge.”
The other thing I turn to is music. And so having said all that, I would like to share with you an extremely special recording... this cheers me up when I'm down.
Victims is the latest installment in Kellerman’s popular mystery series featuring crime-fighting psychologist Alex Delaware and his Police Lieutenant mentor Milo Sturgis. The blurb on the front cover of the book announces: Alex Delaware is The Crime Reader. On the back cover, you are reminded again: Alex Delaware … is The Crime Reader. Further down the page, you are told about The Crime Reader’s case, and then about The Crime Reader’s Files. Urrrgghh!!! Too much Crime Reader nonsense already! This is the second consecutive novel that I’ve noticed all this Crime Reader crap littering the cover, so naturally I’m curious: just what the hell is The Crime Reader? My hunch is that it might be the title of a new CSI-inspired TV series, or perhaps some marketing wanker’s idea of branding. But there is no evidence of a tie-in with a movie or any TV series, and an online check revealed no additional information about what The Crime Reader might be all about. Weird.
He disappeared into the bathroom. I stood up and went to the window. I pulled back the curtain. The City stared back, all million eyes, or so it felt. The lights were just amazing.
Chest x-rays were taken a few days ago at the ER, as I've been quite ill. I don't have pneumonia, just a severe, viral bronchitis and sinusitis, that is now more irritating than it is painful.
When Sergeant Hallie Michaels comes back to South Dakota from Afghanistan on ten days' compassionate leave, her sister Dell's ghost is waiting at the airport to greet her.
He came all the way from Shanghai China just to be with me. It was meant to be.
You look stunned in this picture but it's only because the lights were turned out and the flash from my camera startled you. You pray with us every night too so I had to get a picture of this sweet family moment.
It was yet another fantastic day in Honduras.
The romantic plot was a bit forced for me. I mean, I didn't even have the time to adjust to the idea that Brit and Tori were lightly flirting and BOOM! they move into a whole other territory of making out. Honestly, I just had the sense that everything progressed way too quickly between them. I felt like I was a bit forced to see the attraction between them and I just couldn't see any of it.
Those efforts have brought charges from Republicans, including presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney, that the president and his aides are inappropriately using the anniversary for political gain.
Well, maybe not in person, but that's why there's Twitter. Maybe you're on it already so you know what I'm talking about. But if you're not, I suggest you give it a try. I've learned a lot about different agents and what they're looking for. I've gotten to ask editors questions. I've even been asked to submit something to a publisher! But best of all, I get to "hang out" with writers. Now that may sound silly, but it's true. I can just turn on Twitter and there are writers right here at 3500 feet, chatting it up. I've made some good friends on Twitter too. That's not something I ever even considered when I reluctantly joined.
…. present unreal or imaginary situations?
Three kids came into the ER. One was sick. One had attempted suicide. One had been sexually assaulted.
Of course, we can always look to the apostle Paul as an example:
And won’t grow up before the morn.
Po- (laughing) "You can check my ID any time you want!"
love is plentiful, say the jars of plum preserves
The snowflakes, as BIG, as ever I have seen.
Maybe because the writing style makes me laugh out loud. The dude is funny. Though you might have to a bit ‘design-y’ to understand the Bauhaus reference. See exhibit A;
“I only follow one party: the Vietnamese Party.”
This view, to me, is very persuasive and one that I held for a long time. In all honesty it is still very close to my way of thinking… but at the end of the day, I think it falls short.
Now I've got a lot of questions I can't ask in front of my mother.
Trickle down economics.
I do have one project that I haven't shared, because it was still in the secret stages ♥ I had the honor of working on Sketches2scrapbook. This is a new iphone app, hopefully releasing in November, created by Anam Stubbington. I got to work with two of her beautiful sketches, my art will be on the app as inspiration for the corresponding sketches.
It means writing your own story, being your own author. It means taking the negative and finding positive. For people who had a rough life or who have perhaps experienced a tumultuous childhood, it means looking to your upbringing and realizing several things: your parents tried as hard as they could with what they knew, your parents love you, and, you can choose to represent the good of your parents or the bad. Half of your DNA comes from eachof them, and as such you are half your mother and half your father. Find the good, represent the qualities that you admire about them.
a meal at Maison Dorée that he had shared with friends one Spring… could be anywhere from the 1840s to 60s. That is not clear. What is clear is that is it a brilliant offering of food that would delight any gourmand today.
No coup
After my father proposed my mom, who was from Detroit, came to Clare to meet my dad's family. She stayed at their house for a week. My grandmother sold Avon and would be on the road during the day. Upon rising in the morning my mother would go to my aunt and uncle's house down street and help my aunt with her babies. One morning my grandmother didn't have appointments until later in the day so she was at the house when my mother got up.
8) Herman Cain’s wife was extremely upset with him: not only she had found out that he had been cheating on her, but also as it turns out, he was running for president without even telling her.
When you set a goal it may take baby steps to get there; yet when you finally reach the finish line, there is the sigh of relief.
I thought that sounded like just the sort of book I HAVE to read giving it combines two of my favourite topics - fantasy/paranormal with the orient.
I think this says something about our American culture. With our advances in medicine and our fear of facing pain, we run from it as fast as we can. You intentionally get busy back at work. You run to what’s funny immediately following tragedy. You force yourself not to cry. We are afraid of pain, so we run. While other cultures, including the biblical ones, spent considerable time grieving, Dustin Shramek writes,
Even ignoring effects on beer quality - although I suspect that they might be significant - and while we're very much in favour of line-cleaning, there's something troubling about this whole thing: If you have a look at any of the marketing material for these devices, they'll always have a "cost saving" example worked out. They always base this on the selling price of the wasted beer. You waste two pints that you could have sold at £3 each, that's 6 quid income lost, per line, per week! Right? See what an earner this gizmo (and the time spent operating/cleaning it) could be!
Glassware: Weizen glass
UPDATE- See this thread for news and reaction to the defamation action taken against the Mayor of Dunedin by two members of the ORFU Board, acting on their own account. We think the ‘dinner tab’ story puts the defamation action in a handsome light. God only knows what the action does to the ORFU bailout deal, supposedly to be wrapped up by 16 May.
But Miro elected not to approve and post my comment. Perhaps he didn’t want to let it mar the love- & validation-fest he has going on at his blog, because apparently only praise and happy comments are acceptable. But criticism is not accepted. And something that challenges the warrior-poet’s prevailing “wisdom” is not permitted. Miro only seems to want yes-men and yes-women commenting on his poems. Miro-Miro on the wall, who’s the fairest Miro of them all . . .
What I mean is, what do you think makes your life happier than it would be if you were in school, based on what you see and hear from your schooled friends/cousins?
I prefer Humor/Romance stories. Just so you know.
Is that I can’t live
The Farmer's market
I asked him how I would know the process had ended and he replied:
Thoughts of Guyana and the current report cards seem disappointing. The informal group is also disappointed that their main contact person in the Canadian capital of Ottawa, was dejected, ejected, rejected and subjected to some form of abuse by the PPP High Commissioner. They did not plan to withhold their cooperation but the body of confidence, camaraderie, charity and cooperation is at risk.
I wish he’d have quit me years ago but I wish he wouldn’t leave so often now.
Where I know I can be forgiven,
It meant all the windows of the bars on Southport were open, which meant March Madness (but sadly, not Uconn) games were spilling onto the streets all weekend.
Fate of tubal ectopic pregnancy
Oh, wait. Here comes Felix to perform. I haven’t mentioned so far how very terribly “punny” this movie is. It kind of explains why my younger self liked it. For instance, Felix falls into his magic bag and as he gets out he yells, “who let the cat out of the bag?” #punny.
So, there we go. More experiments with new effects will be posted up soon!
Here’s my simple card.. As you get to know me you will know I LOVE colour, I hope you do too!
The landscape remains stubbornly monochrome, and even the green on the fields of winter wheat and barley is only a greenish tinge on the brown, but under the apple trees the spikes of daffodils and bluebells are poking through the grass.
Perhaps I was naive (read: a little dumb) and everyone else knew it but me, but neither of these things are true. You don’t have to like other babies or other kids because they’re not yours. You’ll love yours like mad. And you don’t have to know much about babies or kids because you’re not directly responsible for the upbringing and general maintenance of other babies or other kids.
Tish, another girl clued up on the French beauty know how, is a fan of this product. She is absolutely right... it is brilliant.. The packaging isn't pretty nor memorable but nor does it have the same price tag as the more bien connu brands... This cream leaves the skin feeling silky but without residue and almost plumped... Gold stars for this one and plus it has sun protection... which really works... I tested it over the summer and can say that I remained burning blush free... (For UK readers it is available at Boots pharmacies, for Australian readers, I hope that amazon.com will ship... as I believe it is not yet available.)
If you didn't know already, when Norwegians gather for a party, they PARTY. So after the gin (ACK!) we had wine, beer, aquavit and cognac. Oh, yeah, and for food? Let's see...there was pinekjott, sausage, sausage, mashed turnips (yum! my first time and they were good!), potatoes, and some other stuff. I brought a dessert, chocolate cake from a very traditional Southern American recipe. I think it confused everyone by its very chocolatyness (and the pound of butter it calls for) but they all ate it and seemed to like it. Hey, it's chocolate, not many people turn down warm gooey chocolate.....
kiss my ass
March 28th:
has figured prominently in American debates over the Vietnam War. ... Yet unlike the war's earlier episodes, the final act has received only cursory treatment from historians. (Moyer is himself a fin, highly-readably historian. But I'm not sure I could stand to read this book he reviews. ~Bob.)
A few other IKEA faves....
But I'm not.
I know now.
For the next try, I used a color copy of a photo on a plain piece of wood. It turned out so much better... I feel like I don't have to wonder if it's tacky. Maybe if you wonder if something is tacky... that should be a warning. (Though I kind of think a thoughtfully executed tacky item could really be great in someone's house. Kind of like how big ole nerd glasses are so cool on people who have an otherwise amazing fashion sense.)
Where was I? Oh yes, dead sure that you don't have any, er, taste, yes, taste or appreciation of what a cool hairdo this is.
This I was used to. Cops had been giving me this talk for years. They’d start it off by telling me how much promise I have. They’d tell me that they wanted more for me. They’d try to be my friend, or my father, or my brother.
If you find yourself starting to get a job with an employer especially in business groups, you might be considered area of the belabor people. For that reason, this period of time it is essential to fuse and interact with other people suffering dissimilar individualities. Work towns in recent times tend to place on human being and own ambitions utilizing stimuli and thank you as a tool of selecting the ideal human being match for the attainments due to the fact that typically outcome into your venue of the habitat.
porque todo eso soy, y soy con alma.
Let me try and be orderly here…
"Enter His gates with thanksgiving and His courts with praise;
unless there are no showers.
The workshop will be coordinated and conducted by Diinesh Kumble.
July 21-31: Songs written and recorded the day of. Can be any genre, but can’t be able to be categorized in the other schedule bits.
Nice to be back for my regular Wednesday blog post after a vacation to another realm of social media. I dove head first into Facebook. Learned so much, connected with so many old friends, and had such a good time that my husband prevailed on me to set up a Facebook account for him, too. When his super-tech son, Denny Jr., found out, he posted, “OMG, my pop has made hell freeze over!”
My grandma is a wonderful, very wise woman. She takes care of “elderly” people in her neighborhood, shopping for them, helping them with their doctor visits, and just helping with day-to-day living- and all simply out of the kindness of her heart. She’s a world traveler, cooks delicious meals, sews, and bargain shops. She even taught herself how to use the Internet last year by taking a class and she reads my blog everyday. Isn’t that awesome?!
Take a good look at me
For Quartering large bodies of armed troops among us:
There is a growing fascination today with angels. These men were angels and they were dressed in white apparel. Who were they? They were messengers from God, angels. Who are angels? What is their sex? Every time we find angels mentioned in the Bible, they are men, never women. They were men who came to visit Abraham. They were men who came to report to God in Job chapter one. They were called the “sons of God.” Even the fallen angels mentioned in Genesis 6 were called the “sons of God.” Today you find that angels are always women. Why? Because they are not the holy angels sent from God but the fallen angels, those who followed and still follow Satan in his deceptive activity. God is not the author of confusion but Satan uses confusion all the time.
Sex Addicts Anonymous Helpline:
The dreaded before shot:
Teri Charest, a spokeswoman for Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp (USB), said the bank isn’t liable and doesn’t know if any party is at fault in the structuring or administration of the transactions.
This is more of a film that centered towards little, American kids which means there is still plenty of fighting, action, and cool things for the kids to go “oooh” and “aaah” at. Since this is Aardman, you can pretty much expect that the stop-motion animation will be in top-shape, which it is, but the real bummer here was that they do sort of get away with using some CGI here as well. I know it sounds like something dumb to point out but these guys are the last things that stop-motion has left (unless Wes Anderson decides to give ‘The Fantastic Mr. Fox Part 2′ a try) so I think it would be a huge shame if these guys just walked out on it now.
Keeping in line with this theme of compartmentalizing our lives with simple things and words, (apart from the discussion of menu construction) I think there is a lot of danger in the desire to approach our food with this mentality. Inherently, cooking in a basic form is simple – the French can tell you that they only require three components to make anything taste great: heat, butter and salt. However, the perception of cooking for many is often a cumbersome and complex task, whereas the simplest road to nourishment is processed and fast foods. And, if you can’t infer the relationship already, these processed items are amongst the most complicated, deliberate and chemically contrived.
From Billy the barman:
With each other & loved ones
Right now, we’re supposed to be resting for two hours to adjust to the altitude (11,000 feet!), but my brother is having a lot of trouble working the shower, despite the straightforward instructions to wait five minutes for the hot water. We drank coca tea a few minutes ago, which is supposed to help with altitude sickness, too. That’s tea made from the same plant used to make cocaine. Seems like there are a lot of things that could fix, if you ask me.
Which makes sense, since moods in the paintings are dependent on color, which is greatly influenced by my visual memory, which is constantly getting fed by what I see around me. Perhaps it's just such an obvious connection that it's not worth pondering.
#3 Best summer time drink?
In light of the Glacier/Island/Storm studio, then, and after our inspiring tour of Lamont-Doherty, I thought I'd briefly recount this awesome story.
23.取り消し自由
Huntington’s wife, Jolie, told relatives she will ‘make the marriage work’ with Arthur Huntington, her husband of nearly 20 years.
FUCK.
Game- Introduce game: What was the name of the giant that David killed?
#3 1971 Relay Team EP Andress Sprint Medley 3:30.4
24,389 FC runs with 78 centuries at 58.62
Hi there, my advise is burn that damn book, no truth to that whats so ever. As for some folks such as ———- or what ever the heck hes called.
coal and oil companies
As regulars will know, Fabulous Other Half (FOH) and I do enjoy nothing more than an outing to a National Trust property for a little historic enlightenment and a nose at how the well to do of yesteryear lived. This Sunday past was slightly different. We started off the day with a slap-up breakfast at our local diner and then instead of a drive into the countryside it was a leisurely stroll because Osterley Park is local, a mere 5 blocks!
I was like them once, probably still am. But I saw a light, missed it and it flew on by. Across the rooftops it went, off into another town, city or country? Perhaps it touched somebody else, somebody worthwhile? If so, I hope their happy and I hope they see the beauty in something?
How does the body use minerals to maintain pH?
And last second she thought I may not want to nail in the frame, so she added some command strips!!
OK, so if you are in a deep sleep and someone squeals that in your ear...are you a little freaked out? Well, as I follow his skipping body down the hall and to the steps, I am wiping sleep out of my eyes and thinking...What the heck am I going to do if he is serious? What if 'sumbuddy' broke in and (for some ridiculous reason) fell asleep on our kitchen table? Even as I was thinking it, I knew what a FREAK that made me...to even entertain the thought...but I did.
Immigrant children constitute a majority in schools for mentally handicapped and retarded children. The risk of mental and physical disabilities increases significantly when cousins ​​marry each other. Cousin-marriages are highly prevalent in immigrant communities and this is reflected in the number of immigrant children in schools for the mentally retarded. New figures from Copenhagen shows that special schools for children who are born with disabilities or mental retardation, in several cases have a clear majority of immigrant children. At Engskolen, Fensmark School and Frederiksgårs School, which are schools for mentally handicapped and mentally retarded children easier, six out of ten children are bilingual.
I'm on a mission to find a Royal Icing recipe that will work for me! I've tried several and it seems like it's either too thick or too thin and it's very frustrating! I follow so many cookie decorators on blogger that are so talented and seem to have it down to a tee! If any of you wonderful bloggers would like to share your recipe with me. Please leave a comment below! Thank you so much.
air. Masses crystallize into a
Or we’d catch the bus into Hamilton to shop at the cool mall. The Dirty Mall might be a dump now, but before Mapleview Centre was built, Jackson Square was where it was at. It had a Le Chateau and everything! Or we’d crawl King St looking for Ramones T-shirts and Chuck Taylors. We’d drink peppermint tea at the Bauhaus Café solely because it was named the Bauhaus Café.
I'm actually jealous because Amazon doesn't send the Kindle Fire to Australia.
Sloan did a fantastic job, winning 57 games in four seasons. In his third season, The Citadel would finish 15-5, losing to Jerry West and West Virginia in the SoCon tourney final, the only appearance The Citadel has ever made in the title game. (West Virginia would go all the way to the NCAA championship game that year, losing 71-70 to California.) Sloan left after the following season to coach Florida (the first of two stints with the Gators; of course, in between he would win the national title at North Carolina State).
Perhaps counteract the rise with fall
I had a great time with my friends, sitting around talking waiting for the signing to start and Ms. Mead was so friendly and accommodating. She read from the new book, did a Q and A and signed up to three books for around 350 people and she did it all with a smile.
I’m also gearing up for baseball season. I am managing the concession stand again this season. My husband is not real happy about it. It brings up a lot of uncomfortable feelings for him. If you’ve known me for a while, then you know it was last summer when things kinda heated up between my Sweet and myself. For my husband, there are bad memories… I wish I could say the same. For me, it brings back some sweet memories. Memories that gave me a very good friend; a person for whom I care deeply; a feeling that I had been missing for so very long; a longing for more from my life. I know it’s probably not a good thing to associate these different feelings with someone other than my husband. The problem is that somewhere buried deep within me, I still have some of those feelings. Yes. I am admitting it. Not to the husband of course, but to myself… I am admitting that I miss my friend. I have had to have a couple of brief email exchanges with him in the last couple of weeks. In order to do this, I have agreed to Bcc my husband so that he knows I have communicated with him. When he has replied and I respond, I Bcc him again so that he can see the conversation. When I receive that email back, the butterflies do their thing. I feel that feeling again. Today he was a little flirty in his reply, which brightened my spirits. God help me, if I jump on this bandwagon again, it will be over with my husband. He will not tolerate it any more. Why am I having such a hard time not playing with the fire? I know the stakes yet at moments… it’s not that I don’t care, it’s more that I’m wanting that feeling again. Does that make any sense? I think I’m chasing a feeling… That’s ridiculous.
I'm blessed to have her help me make my laundry room pretty and a pleasure to work in. So enter the laundry room, welcome! I am still waiting for my new washer and dryer...patience, patience. I went looking for a large sign saying laundry and was not happy with anything but this one. My cute little seester has this same one so I called her to see if she wouldn't mind me getting the same one. Yay, she said she didn't...so I did!
Or so I can only assume based on the inexplicable goings on with other decorations (see every post below.)
By: Danni Eickenhorst, Content Specialist, Midland Division
Focal Length – 160mm
Without further ado...
By Denise C. Marvel, CLU, CHFC for InsuranceNewsNet Magazine. Denise is assistant research director, LIMRA Distribution Research, is responsible for research related to wholesalers and independent marketing organizations and other independent distribution intermediaries.
What genre do you write in?
Here is a selection of images, paper and card to be used for the pages. In the end I did not use all the images because there wasn’t room.
This time the seafood platters did not have oysters (and oysters in general are no longer seen on the menu), but instead offered a few mussels marinated in what tasted like Italian dressing. The crab legs were much fresher, the shells were actually still firm. The smoked salmon still wasn't anything to write home about, but hey, we were getting essentially one of the platters and a glass of OJ for free with the OpenTable Spotlight deal so we weren't going to complain. Designer took the salmon home to mix with cream cheese for breakfast.
541219 Other accounting services
I always thought the above was a silly, though poetic thought. If a story really does mean that much to a writer, why are so many books barely adequate? They tell a story, but have no depth, demand no blood in response, give no transfusion.
Breckenridge Autumn Ale tasted about like what it smells like. Toasty, nutty, caramel taste with a slight bitterness at the end. Has a nice smooth malt and hops combo, not too sweet not too bitter. A very drinkable beer but nothing to distinguish itself from the others in this category. Breckenridge puts it into the Oktoberfest category, but it is way to sweet if you ask me. Because of how sweet it was, this is very surpising, but some reason I really liked this beer and would try it again.
One of the biggest concerns I have with the homeschooling community is a need to control children. I see children who their entire lives have had their needs met when it came to sleeping in late, playing a little longer, choosing the outings for the day, and other decisions that affect the entire family. However, when these children become teens, parents hold on tight. They become fearful of stories they hear on the news or insecurities they hold themselves. Teens must check in every hour they are away from home. We must know every place they go. We want to know what they talk about. We make decisions for the teens without discussing these decisions with them. I have even heard of some parents who read their teens text messages and emails in fear they are being mislead by friends or strangers. How does this foster independence and a feeling of trust?
my frailty
I waited for my bus to the ferry terminal in front of Cosmosquare Station in the morning. The sign said bus going there was from 12:45p.m, but now it was just only 11:00. Oh god, I couldn’t wait here for 2 hours. It was not far from here to the terminal, maybe it took 12mn walking, but I didn’t think it was a good idea because I had a big load behind. It was really heavy. It was my first time to backpack and to carry such a big bag. Did it look awesome? I waited for a while when suddenly there came a group of 4 Korean tourists. They were also waiting for a bus. Hah, then there must be bus running through here to the terminal … I needn’t walk. About 10mn, the bus actually came.
This is an interesting thing that happened to me several months ago. It is actually the most amazing thing that has ever happened to me.
It was tough since I am writing out of my comfort zone but I am pleased at the way this little M/M short story played out. I hope readers enjoy Cal and Alex’s beginning. I have plans for them in the future as well so you may see them again.
The yellow, by the way, is a complimentary color to both the violet in the dahlia and the purple in the iris.
Seven things about me…
So if your year has been anything like mine, take a deep breath, have a relaxing beverage, and enjoy.
And tore the bars away
Before you go on to the next hop stop, I have some blog candy to giveaway!
LESSON 8. Snails. I have either so-called Penang snails, which are small cone-shaped snails, or micro snails. I think both have come from the compost I have bought. Usually I look for them and get them out of the garden, but if it looks like there are too many to collect and rain is coming I use snail bait. With cabbages I just look for eaten leaves – small holes in them. Then I search on the cabbage or soil and find a micro snail, usually.
All you have to do is be a follower of my blog and comment below!!! Also please consider following via Mr Linky or Blog Lovin too:)
RIX:
Ho Ho Ho....Tangled Christmas Ornaments...did these on little wooded forms I picked up at Micheal's - painted them white and then tangled with Micron Pens - used glitter pens for the color - scan does not show how sparkly they are. I'm going to tie them to my little bags of cookies I give out.
Color and pattern are Katie's forte, and she uses these tools to create such cozy, fresh and inviting spaces. A great example is the sun room in this Arkansas home. Katie used Moroccan cement tiles to create a carpet effect
Not Why, but How?
Don't forget to leave your link and only use Sweet Pea Images.
Traveling to the Wisconsin town that I had been visiting
Kang: Hmm… Abortions for some, miniature American flags for others!
“There’s even a counterfeit Lord’s Supper where instead of bread and wine, human flesh and blood are used.”
Lives of great men all remind us
Naïve people may think its just extremist groups the Security Services and police infiltrate but what about UKIP and the recent case about infiltration of ECO movement by Mark Kennedy? The information he gathered went straight to Tony Blair. It is clear that these infiltrations of “Right” political parties has come from the top as orders to the police to attack the EDL with truncheons but let Muslim protesters do what they like, will have come from The Home Secretary.
Rock Bottom Restaurant & Brewery Falcon Pale Ale
Angelica's Bunny Rubber Stamp
Needless to say the train journey back from Norwich to London on a Sunday with 2 suitcases, one laptop, one backpack and half a grocery store was fun and games (National British Railtrack “Express” liking to make travel on Sundays as awkward as it can by sending passengers by stopping train to Cambridge, then by coach to Wensdon Ambo where you have to lasso your own donkey to trek over the runway at Stansted, canoe down the river Chelmer and finally pick up a disaffected 1950s school bus to Kings Cross.)
Scientists have filmed what is believed to be the first sighting of an adult white killer whale in the wild. The marine mammal, nicknamed Iceberg and believed to be at least 16 years old, was swimming with its mother and siblings in waters off the Kamchatka peninsula off the far eastern coast of Russia. Fully albino orcas can have weak immune systems and die young, but partial albinos can live into adulthood.
“I can make about four steps forward before I touch the door,” Herman Wallace says as he describes the cell in which he has lived for the past 40 years. “If I turn an about-face, I’m going to bump into something. I’m used to it, and that’s one of the bad things about it.”
Bill Haley and His Comets made their first recordings for Decca Records.
She also talks about how temporary the positive feelings are from great physical possessions that you acquire like a new car. Happiness from getting things is ephemeral. So happiness has to be a state of mind. You need to constantly remind yourself to be happy whatever your life’s circumstances. I know that some people will think, “sure, that’s because he’s a VC and lives a charmed life.” My life is no different than most people’s. I’ve had many setbacks in life – probably more than many of you.
I said I would screnzy, therefore I will screnzy!
Words from a Jehovah’s Witness
smelling for it, then went over and climbed up in the
Bachmann: he’s a wackdoodle
~ Do Wii Fit Plus (or other exercise) at least 3 times/week for 45 minutes or more.
Prep Time: I didn't time it. I was tired and grouchy. Let me know how long it takes you.
The Good News: A few months back, I earned a semi-finalist finish in the Writers of the Future Contest, which I feel is kind of a big deal. It came with a nice certificate and, more importantly, a personalized critique from scifi writer KD Wentworth. In the overwhelming complexity and drama of my personal life during this same period, however, I feared that, due to my recent move, my ‘prize’ was going to be lost in the mail. It wasn’t; I got the critique yesterday.
Just a paragraph of an idea:
That is something that comes out in every story. Russia may not have always have been able to hold its head high but there was much for the individual Russians to be proud of. Like in ‘Fracture Points’ when, having just come out of a war, they are thrust into a time of rebuilding:
I have 50,000 words sitting on my bookshelf, that looked good in my mind. After writes and re-writes, I’ve decided to leave it there. It’s not mish-mash per se, but it isn’t what was living in my brain, either.
The town pub was the Bedford, in Tunbridge Wells, literally a stone's throw from the town's main railway station. The pub formed a welcome refuge from the wet and wind-swept streets on an unseasonably cold Saturday lunchtime; my visit being as a member of our local CAMRA branch who had gathered there to present licensee Simon Lewis with a well deserved certificate as joint runner-up in our annual Pub of the Year competition. It was my first visit to the Bedford since Simon took over the running of the pub in July of last year, and I have to say I was well impressed.
We decided to walk up the streets (its on a hill) towards Meiji Jingu. It is a Shinto shrine, which is Japans ancient religion, void of a founder, holy book or conversion. However, they value nature and virtue. The closest things they have to G-ds are Kami which are divine spirits. One such Kami was the Emperor Meiji who passed in 1912. In commemoration of his life individuals from all over Japan sent trees (100,000 total) which worked to create the forest which we visited. It is considered Tokyos grandest shrine.
WE’RE EXPECTING!
PW used a LARGER Mason jar for hers….I couldn’t find an empty one to use…but I have a whole set of smaller mug versions. It’s summertime…MASON jars are a MUST for beverages!!!
I’m not sure if the enemies are Quincies or not. But that is what the focus of the Soul Society is pointing to. I’m questioning Mayuri’s information/deduction. I’m not sure if the Quincy family are responsible or not, so I’m not going to put a lot of fate behind that until the enemies proclaim that they are Quincy. Otherwise, I’ll withheld my judgment on that.
You can also score 25% off photo gifts for Dad!
Reactions: In response, Mr O'Dwyer's mother is quoted in the Telegraph as saying that she was 'very disappointed, in fact disgusted' with the verdict. She also expressed disappointment towards the government 'for signing us up to this treaty which has opened the flood gates to America to come and seize British citizens without even having set foot outside of this country.'
Today.. mark a year I entered into motherhood
My teamies have come up trumps for this and you can check out their designs HERE. I hope you can join in the fun this week and can't wait to see the fabulous makes that you create.
I grew up in a single parent household with many common issues. I went off to college with the desire to patrol my hometown and returned to do so. With the support of family, friends and my partner, I managed to accomplish going back to school and ultimately achieving my Masters Degree. My training and experience is a reflection of my hard work and dedication to remain humble, open to learning and helping others. I am a fitness instructor who fosters the passion for life, not just during a workout, but in life!
The doom of sport shall fall;
About 140 fabrics I counted that I used- didn't think it was that much, and then I didn't count the ones that were used in the beginning.
The Word of God lives in me, and I have defeated the evil One! Amen!
Seeing heartache at the hands
Bob’s little harvest came in just three days before the end of Tesco Christmas trading. Supermarket sales are Christmas biased, but (a) that’s just under 1% of total days in a year and (b) I can tell you from personal experience that the general trend is nearly always clear by December 22nd – depending on what day Christmas itself lands on.
According to Intellectual Property Watch on April 15, 2005, members of the World Intellectual Property Organisation (WIPO) on Friday failed to agree on the proper role for a permanent committee on technical cooperation that could impact larger efforts by some to reform WIPO toward development issues.
Several miles away, Pappy and the two Rangers by his side were making much better headway toward their eventual destination. Pappy was nearly 70 years old but he was still strong and nimble. The two Rangers carried the bulk of the load evening the field even more.
Article 74
dash salt
Ta Da......the Tomato Pie!
Those increased expectations torment; they push the blame to the manager, away from the board. It is the manager’s fault that we don’t spend money in the transfer window, as well portraying themselves as careful but benevolent benefactors. There is enough pressure on the manager without this blame-shifting exercise. Still, at least KSE are reading more discerning newspapers than the Daily Star.
Black and white soulful portraits
The boy isn't stupid. That outfit clearly meant that I had plans other than taking him to Grandma's house. He was not going to put it on. But I'm bigger than he is, and I'm the parent, so I made him. The shorts were acceptable, but the shirt was most definitely not. He was making a convincing argument that it was made of acid and was eating his flesh away as he sat there writing in agony. But I took no pity, and instead put his socks on.
The day, like my life right now, was a real roller coaster ride from the pit of self recrimination to contemplating the beginning of the universe and the beginnings of life here in our home. I may be going through some weird crap but, man, what a trip.
CAVALLINI WRAPPING PAPER
He was born at 9:47pm on Monday, May 2. He weighed 7 lbs, 6.5 ounces, and was 19 inches.
Top: Zara
1240 D-IV/12/1996. “Chaucer and His Monk.” Ashland University, Ashland, Ohio.
So I challenge you to find a museum or some sort of park in a podunk town near you and make a mini vacation of it. Take a tour, go to the local eateries, and enjoy yourself. I often forget all the little treasures outside of my own unique college town!
Thanx, take care but have fun! M, (*_*)
The whole leaving-my-desk-job-to-pursue-my-dream thing is a bit hackneyed, but I wasn't quite as irritated by it in this book because it's actually real life, not a terrible film storyline. It also seems like nobody ever learns anything in culinary school that is of real value to working in a professional kitchen. Regardless, I really enjoyed the book, and got through it exceptionally quickly, which probably means I was more sucked in to the story than I anticipated. I would recommend this to anyone who is curious about what its like working in a kitchen. In my experience, the chauvinism and dysfunction are a bit hyperbolic in the book, but its definitely a good read.
If you keep my commandments, you will remain in my love,
The first step of doing so, as Bridget Welsh put it, is to stop denying the fact that Malaysia had been a dirty ‘kotor’ nation.
31.What are your favorite names?
My kids and I were invited to a media event at Legoland tonight. (It was a very cool place and we had a blast, but I'll write more about that later.) At one point, in the evening, there was a competition for anyone who wanted to participate. The goal was to build something from outer space with Legos. Jackson built a little green alien on a Mars rover. He won the competition and was awarded a Star Wars Lego set.
Typical examples of Works for Hire: Ghostwriting, Logo Design
Athena, or rather the spindoctors who created her myths, resolved this paradox by downplaying her femininity. She was a virgin (and thus free from the cycles of pregnancy, birth and lactation). She was born, fully-armed, from the head of Zeus. She was depicted as Athena Promachos, fighting on the front-line with spear and armour in defence of her city. She was "all for the father". She has a walk-on role at the end of the Oresteia, where she turns up to cast her vote against the Furies, representatives of vengeance and ancestral irrationality: the old goddesses, in other words.
If you have no daughters,
Hm. This post's rambling already, and I've barely started.
when i was down,
The card had a little thicker card stock than your basic brands, and it was very glossy..
I think there will always be paperback and hardcover books, because people will always love them. But as readers get older and the font size and weight of the books make more of a difference to them, I think they might start looking into ebook readers for themselves. What do you think?
Do you have any suggestions for family Bible time?
Before me stood a blue square and a blue tree, both equally entrancing with their deep, still lakes of brilliant blue paint. This rich-hued blue that teeters between blue and purple was created not from pigment, but from elements of it.
My theme for The Blogging A to Z Challenge is AN ABECEDARIAN APRIL. Join me as I revive, in alphabetical order, a few (twenty-six or so) antiquated words that still pack a little pizzazz. Perhaps we can all re-expand our vocabularies a bit and have fun doing so.
“I’ve had these A.P.C. shoes for two years and I’ve already had them refinished. I wear them all the time—with dresses, with jeans. They’re really comfortable.”
and lived in peace and were not scared
Nifty opened positive and surpassed the resistance of 5305, however profit booking dragged it down and finally it concluded the day with a gain of mere 10 points at 5300.The inverted hammer formed on the daily chart is not a very optimistic sign.
Geneforge 3 (PC)
Yesterday I went to the puppies again, wow, they grew a lot! Next week on Sunday we're going again and then we can finally touch them (and maybe then we know which one is going to be ours....). I can't wait! I'll post some pics next week!
As noted, the annular solar eclipse occurs because the New Moon in May is so far from the Earth and thus appears so small that it’s disk does not cover the Sun. On May 5, when the Moon is full, it is closest to us in it’s orbit – as close as it gets at the time of full Moon in 2012 and thus gives us an especially large full Moon.
WEDNESDAY – September 17th
9/28 – Tempe, AZ – The Clubhouse Music Venue
note Flamsteed’s Crater in the Ocean of Storms,
3. “Return and rebuild Jerusalem to the coming of an Anointed Prince, seven weeks and sixty-two weeks, with squares and ramparts restored and rebuilt, but in a time of trouble. And after the sixty-two weeks an Anointed One put to death without his . . . city and sanctuary ruined by a prince who is to come. The end of that prince will be catastrophe and, until the end, there will be war and all the devastation decreed. He will strike a firm alliance with many people for the space of a week; and for the space of one half-week he will put a stop to Sacrifice and oblation. And on the wing of the Temple will be the appalling abomination until the end, until the doom assigned to the devastator” (Dn. 9:25-27).
Place a heaping teaspoonful of filling in the center, bring the two opposite corners to the middle, pinch tightly to seal. Place onto baking pan, brush with melted butter. Let sit for 45 minutes. Towards the end of rising time, preheat oven @ 185C.
– Cathie M.
Upon being thrown out, Bar Kamza feels let down by the Rabbis, who are apparently taking part in the banquet, not objecting on the man hosting the banquet being obstinate, so he goes to the “king” (the Aramaic text has Qaisar, how to precisely translate this term I am not so sure) and accuses “the Jews” for having revolted, something he wants to prove by bringing a sacrifice, which he will make sure will be rejected.
* How long have you been pursuing your writing ambitions and what have you done along the way to improve your writing? Have you had to deal with rejection along the way?
Snacks;
The dolls seemed like they'd make a good subject for a card, so I took a photo and printed some of them out.
Our yard is littered with signs of life and renewal, as the first spring flowers begin to bloom. I find it infinitely exhilarating as I explore the spring vegetation surrounding my home, finding stalks of crocuses and daffodils which I planted last autumn as well as established flowers that has been here for years.
Saturday: I had a really lovely early morning run. I was hoping for 10, but was happy with the 9.15 miles at a 9:55 pace that I DID get done. It took almost 5 miles for me to actually feel good, but then I felt GREAT. I came home to John cooking pancakes for the whole crew, and he even made some for me! :) Happy.
went Schnitzel Von Krumm
9. Twin Peaks
MLM–Multi-level Marketing
The route was the easiest possible, considering that no railroad building in Oregon could be easy -- from Drain down Elk Creek to its union with the Umpqua at Elkton, then down the Umpqua to its mouth at Reedsport, and south along the ocean to Coos Bay -- a water-grade route all the
And now, the final episode.
One the three tiny specks of land that make up Les Iles D'Or - the golden islands - Porquerolles is most wonderfully atmospheric, one of those islands where cars are not allowed and almost everyone cycles or walks. Or they sail. Everywhere you look out to sea or back to the mainland there are white sails cutting across the blue. In summer there's an almost tropical feel about it, with palm trees waving amidst the pines.
Dictator: No they are on Paprika! LOOK IT HERE!!!!! WHATS GOING ON HERE???!!! (because he says ‘whats going on here’ all the time this week)
JB: Captin Franko has been a huge inspiration to me! His series really did spark my enthusiasm in creating my own series and hopefully the positive influence from his series will spark some enthusiasm for others in my own series. As for what I hope I can offer fans, well, its more Doctor Who for a start! Its gonna give you an entirely new take on the Doctor and his companions and I think that adding voice actors to the series will really enhance the story-telling and your connection with the characters.
I hope it's not too arrogant of me to suggest that I "spread the word" about pubs more widely than Mr Deltics 1975-82 on VHS. But I have never - in my life - walked into any pub and either demanded or expected a free or discounted drink because of who I am, or what I do. If I did, I would expect and deserve to be called a complete and utter fucking twat by anyone who witnessed it.
1) Surprised to learn that my great-grandfather Everett Brenton was (allegedly) a bootlegger during Prohibition, and that he and my great-grandmother went through a very ugly divorce as a result.
two weeks and zero running. just getting fat.
as I will take you
It was about 18 months ago when I found myself crouched in a stall in the women's room at work crying hysterically, for the fifth time that week (on a Tuesday), that I realized that something was not right.
Who.
ORR P. Influenza vaccination for health care workers: A duty of care. Canadian Journal of Infectious Diseases and Medical Microbiology 2000; 11: …
The following morning, I was snapped out of a deep sleep by a very loud fire alarm at 4:45 a.m.! I had my cell phone alarm set for 6:30 a.m. and wasn’t planning on waking up that early!
Our total: $15,201.50... yes you read that right.
Thoreau spoke of this in Walden when he said, “When I go out of the house for a walk, uncertain as yet whither I will bend my steps, and submit myself to my instinct to decide for me, I find, strange and whimsical as it may seem, that I finally and inevitably settle south-west, toward some particular wood or meadow or deserted pasture or hill in that direction.”
One: How I check and release as I ride. When you see my hand come up I am making contact with my hackamore and sending her forward with my legs. It's a reminder I'm there, asking her to move forward, gather herself, or all three.
Hope you all like the painting as much as I do!
Weekly collections should return, but they must be properly funded. This does not mean a return to throwing all waste in the green bin, as limited landfill capacity is a problem, so we must retain and improve our recyclables kerbside collections. It is also important to continue to encourage residents to recycle wherever possible. I would also like to see kerbside collections extended to include plastics in Amber Valley.
**Sew to back of pack on top and bottom.
And so over the next little while please join me on the journey of the slow reveal - before and after shots and finally photos of rooms as I finish them off with interior decoration - ideas which I am getting from the many wonderful blogs out there.
Please drop by if you want to join me. Or if you just want to see me naked.
Sleep- Overall you've been doing better with your sleeping at night. We typically put you to bed around 9:30-10pm and you wake up around 2am to be changed and fed and fall back asleep pretty easily and then wake up again between 6-7am. A lot of times I need to actually wake you up to get you ready for daycare. Of course you still have bad nights (like last night) where you wake up every two hours! You've almost slept through the night twice so far from about 10pm-4am. Mommy liked those nights!
I enjoyed the premise Elsewhere sets up, but thought the execution was lacking. The relationship between Liz and Owen was, to be blunt, almost tacky in my opinion. Most of the novel was dull for me. Yes yes, this happened, whoopee. I would then proceed to click on the next page button, feeling just a tiny bit annoyed at the lack of development.
Gay marriage’s inevitability hasn’t been evident to the voters in 31 states who have written into their constitutions that marriage is between a man and a woman. The latest is North Carolina, where 61 percent of voters embraced the traditional definition of marriage in a referendum. North Carolina isn’t Mississippi. President Obama won North Carolina in 2008, and Democrats are holding their convention there. Nation-wide, no referendum simply upholding traditional marriage has ever lost, and even in Maine, voters in 2009 reversed a gay-marriage law passed by the legislature
-Ally
You would think that would be the end of it. It wasn’t. There was much more to come, but that’s a story for a different day.
Dissolve the yeast in the milk and stand for 5 minutes. Add the flour and mix well. Rest the ferment at room temperature, well covered with a tea towel, for 1 hour.
Record collector dreams, part 317. What if there was another Brisbane punk record? Maybe one from the fallow period between the giants of the late 70s and that short second period around 1982-3 (Public Execution, Mystery Of Sixes, Vampire Lovers). Wake up, daydreamer! Here it is.
So my little soldiers… let’s get going…I don’t care if you do it via your blog, your Facebook, in person.
Luckily, there was a solution. A somewhat surreal one. I’d been in contact with a good friend of my cousin, who is based in Chandigarh (5 hours north of Delhi) and runs a PR company. Knowing I’d be in the country for a long time, I’d asked him if there was any way I could do some work with him, and gain some experience in the Indian media world. The opportunities he suggested in response were jaw dropping. But that’s to come later; first up was the idea that I spend some time at the island farmhouse of a top Bollywood singer. As you do. The next 24 hours were possibly the most intense introduction to a totally new world that I’ve ever had…
Even now it seems kind of weird, and honestly a little embarrassing to admit (especially at my age), that I still sometimes feel like that teenager back in middle school and high school. Wanting to be accepted and liked, wanting to fit in.
To prove that I’m not motivated by malice, I am sending Hef a Christmas present he will surely appreciate. It is a new version of the Kama Sutra without the famous drawings of sex positions. As Hef is only capable of getting into those positions with the aid of a harness, it should not diminish the practical value of the gift. He will be able to absorb its timeless wisdom without constantly revisiting the dirty pictures like a randy old goat.
One shake of his head, and Gislenus was pinned to the wall, spine crackling under Caleb’s weight. Three other jocks came to his side, laughing and snickering at the ‘little gay boy’. Gislenus grunted and growled, not professor coming to help. Typical. He’d have to endure another beating, have to explain the bruises and cuts to his disbelieving parents who’d just add to said bruises. Two punches in and he knew this encounter wasn’t going to be as short and sweet as the others had. Every punch was precise, like Caleb knew all of Gislenus’s weak spots. Every one right-on target. Something deep within him knew he was eventually going to throw up a little bit of blood, internal organs too fragile for something of this caliber. He didn’t care. It was too late to start now.
“ … “Very truly, I tell you, no one can enter the kingdom of God without being born of water and Spirit.” (John 3:5)
As you know, we have two dogs ~ Jazmine & Pico. They love to go out in our backyard and play together. Well last spring the little schnauzer mutt who lives behind us, saw our dogs playing and she little by little, she inched her way closer and closer to our yard. Before we knew it, Daisy was running around like crazy with our dogs and it's become a daily play date ever since. Now if Daisy isn't out, our dogs will sit at the edge of the property and wait for her. And if our dogs aren't out, Daisy will sit and wait for them. It's so cute! On this beautiful May day, Jazz was waiting & I'm so happy I captured it.
And so I did.
One of the most popular toys today is a remote control or RC toy. These toys allow a child to use a joystick or something similar to control the motions of the toy. The most common RC toy is a remote control vehicle. You can find these in just about every shape and size imaginable, from a tank to a motorcycle.
This plan gives me the chance to not only eat healthier but make myself feel better about what I am contributing to. I want to advocate for healthier food and a general sense of where peoples food comes from. I do realize that eating vegetarian is cheaper when done correctly and it will give me more energy and keep me full for longer. These are great things when considering i am working with kids this summer! I am so very excited to start!
"Yes, only for a few minutes. When Mrs. B told me what she told you, I just felt sick about it; I'm so sorry. I'm so, so sorry. I have little ones too and I know you trust us with them..."
The marina was completely frozen and the ducks were quiet. Frost covered the stones and if you look closer, there is actually a lighthouse in the top picture.
Similar to last year, it was full of theatrics and lots of choreography, the kind you tend to see at the Clothes Show Live. This show concentrated on department stores and shops around the city centre, with the likes of House of Fraser, Harvey Nichols and local boutiques taking part. I thought it had improved a lot on the previous year as they had left out the lingerie modelling which let's face it, is a little on the cheesy side. When Kristabel and I visited last year, we thought was super random!
(with copies for Personnel Director & Finance Director)
Bake at 325 degrees for 40-45 minutes or until set. Cool completely on rack and then refrigerate until firm. Cut into bars.
“That proves that Bersih was hijacked and that Anwar was trying to use it as an election tactic,” Datuk Nur Jazlan Mohamed, an Umno federal lawmaker, told Reuters. He said Najib would still be inclined to call elections early, possibly in June.
reaction about love stories where the girl is so busy that she dont have time for his man
NAB Booth # SU11906C
But not as exhilarating as this sunrise in Chadron, Nebraska. We snapped this in November of 2009 ... it was breathtaking.
I'm on the netbook right now but I can only use it from bed (long story). I am not going to stay in bed any longer than I have to (been there, done that, HATED it!) to blog.
Oddly enough, until this last year I never used pictures to help me write my novels. Never. I used pictures to help with poetry, flash fiction, and devotionals, but never with my novel writing. Last year before NaNoWriMo 2011, I took part in a fun blogfest that demanded that I find pictures for my characters and while I was doing that I started finding pictures for the landscapes and the creatures in my story. Soon I had a poster board filled with colorful pictures, and my story flowed faster and easier with that color-filled add to my writing area.
So have I made any jewelry recently? Yes, a little ,but I don't have pictures. I'll work on getting pictures but I've been working so many hours that I keep missing the sunlight. Never fear, though - I live in Phoenix and sun is abundant here!
Edmondson: Are you talking about my S&M fetish?
: The allegations can be explained. Just wait for the Defense.- 54.63%
Rajma is one of my favourite bean curries and I literally had to attempt several trials to get it right. In fact one of the curries that I had to try out several times to get it right! I have tried several recipes before this version and had failed miserably. But my love for Rajma curry pushed me to try yet another luck and this recipe from my Futura Pressure Cooker book put an end to my search for a great recipe. It’s a simple recipe, uses very little spices, and is really tasty! I halved the quantity in the book and result has been the same. This serves 4-5 people, and you can easily double it to serve 10 people.
K9
F: France~how could I possibly say anything else for F? I took Spanish in HS and French my Freshman year of college. I thought it would be cheating to keep taking Spanish since I had already had it. French was really difficult for me. 2 years later I visited Paris during my semester in Rome. Paris is spectacular.
Now add the cut red potatoes into the cooking onions and summer squash, keep stirring around so these vegetables do not burn.
Olivia set her fork on her pancake-sticky plate and heaved a sigh worthy of her twelve-year-old self. “Never mind.” She bounced across the vinyl bench, her thick brown ponytail swinging. “I’m going to meet Maddy.”
Obviously, we haven't been in for a while. Let's face it, when the weather is nice it's hard to sit down and talk about anything but how awesome sunshine is. And really, you're probably out realizing the same thing.
It is your damned job, after all.
“The division of the United States into federations of equal force was decided long before the Civil War by the high financial powers of Europe. These bankers were afraid that the United States, if they remained in one block and as one nation, would attain economic and financial independence, which would upset their financial domination over the world. The voice of the Rothschilds prevailed… Therefore they sent their emissaries into the field to exploit the question of slavery and to open an abyss between the two sections of the Union.” – German chancellor Otto von Bismarck
Obama, your inner thug is showing.
2) think about the number of total people coming because in general you will be baking at least 1/2 dozen cookies per person coming so, if there are 8 people doing the cookie swap then that is at least 4 dozen cookies plus an extra dozen to share at the party. (because the whole idea behind the cookie swap is to share recipes so each person will bring copies of the recipe for everyone plus bake enough cookies for each participant to take home either 1/2 dozen or dozen of the cookie they brought!)
Who knows where technology which seems to be moving at a more rapid rate than ever will take us next – maybe in directions we resist, maybe not. The fact is we currently have the ability to connect to almost everyone else in the entire world and that is extraordinary. But it is not about the numbers of connections as much as the value of those connections for me. Proceeding with cautious enthusiasm into this new age of communication, grateful for the opportunities for meaningful interaction, and curious to see where things will go – I submit this latest entry into my conversation with life.
A-Side's "Stab Me" is off their latest on Tic Tac Totally and it deserves to have it's own special highlight A-Side here, completely blows the doors off as usual... The Hussy on this whole new record finds them tighter than anything previously and makes all the gritty, raw guitar sound slick as hell. It also looks like Bobby has been recording and mixing everything of The Hussy's lately, including some bands on his own Kind Turkey Records.
There are three schools of thought about Nietzsche. Most popular among academics is the school of the “gentle Nietzscheans,” who claim that Nietzsche was, in effect, a sheep in wolf’s clothing; that his attacks should not be taken literally and that he was really an ally, not an enemy, of the Western institutions and values which he denounced.
to bring the
And the safe return of all our military members to the loving arms of their families and loved ones.
So I have an amazing giveaway today!
$40.00 per crew (of 3 people) to enter the competition.
T enters the classroom on Thursday pretty much like he always does- with crash, a bang, a thump, and often an "oops," or “oh, sorry.” He is a gentle giant, as tall as I am today, probably taller tomorrow. His coordination has not quite caught up with his rapidly growing body, and every day something— a can of markers, the electric pencil sharpener, a vase of flowers—or someone, most often his table partner, Kanesha—falls victim to his klutziness.
graduated at the top of her class from drama college everyone thought it would be just a matter of time until she got her big break. Instead, she pays the bills with parts in small plays and some low rent television shows. Now she’s in her thirties, is it time she gives up on her dreams and get a proper job?
He makes our hearts burn within us as we contemplate the gift we were given when we deserved only punishment.
Kaffir Lime (daun limau purut) leaves, 5 pcs, cut into thin strips
¼ teaspoon of garlic powder
I really loved this ride. Unfortunately, it kept breaking down. We were ALMOST to the front when it broke down for the 2nd time that day. We decided to wait it out, since we were all still feeling a bit 'off' from some rides and it was hot, so sitting under the cover of this ride with the cooling fans felt nice. We waited about an hour and were able to actually move up further in the line due to people leaving. If you've ever been to Universal Studio's, this ride is kinda like the Hulk. But only smoother, with a lot more twists. LOVED IT!
Food for thought…
and a definite shining personality moment.
Melody Ballroom
Paper: Premium Sticker Stock
The Shanghai Gesture – 1
A most accurate depiction for no other creature is obsessed with time the way we are.
Judging by all your fabulous entries last week......464 to be precise.............we guess you enjoyed yourselves. A great big thank you to all of you for helping make Allsorts such fun for us all. We did our best to get round to you all but we really were struggling by the end of the week so our sincere apologies if we missed anyone out.
Eat a diseased rat?
I don’t want to go into great detail about the plot but this particular books focuses on the trouble faced by those at the Institute for what is seen as their error in the whole ‘Mortmain’ affair and his subsequent disappearance – and more importantly the lack of confidence that the other Shadowhunters/Clave now have in Charlotte’s ability to continue running the Institute – as such she is given an ultimatum which if she doesn’t fulfill will have severe consequences.
I can only speculate, based on how well I know Traci, that she overslept, and woke up in a hurry to get to work. She was always so dedicated, every place that she worked, and never wanted to let her co-workers or supervisors down. She might have felt an “aura” indicating a possible seizure coming on, and if so might have tried to calm herself and get it under control, or she may have just risen quickly and flipped the “seizure switch” in her brain before having a chance to realize it was happening. Rising quickly, especially after a short but deep sleep, was never a good idea for her.
Always use tacky glue, it doesn't matter what make, I sell these little bottles that are useful for a workbox. Squeeze a small puddle of glue onto a suitable flat surface, and always take your petal or leaf to the glue and dip.
Father, I know that fear is costly but I’m finding it difficult to trust in You as I should. Help me to step out of my comfort zone and use both my natural and spiritual gifts as you intended me to.
“(Felicity) The pajamas for my daughter were so cute as she looks like Tinker Bell! At Bedtime, we read a princess or Bible story & brush teeth. I like pajamas because they are comfortable and remind me it’s time to go to bed. I like to read because I feel smart & enjoy stories. I like my book because it was non-fiction & realistic & about what real pandas do.
Grubbs' distinctive style has few precedents in the world of rock music. Throughout all his guises he has always shown the good taste to remain true to himself and wise even in the light of the major clashes. If anything it makes sense to dust off the rural watercolors of John Fahey, for perhaps the sole reason that they also share in an almost inspirational sense of what is to come of music, a natural propension for free improvisation.
Khirad: Okay, as long as we are clear that I have no love left for you in my empty heart. I have every intention of going back to Hyderabad, where I will live in chastity, poverty, valor, and honor. I will abandon Hareem but miss her everyday because I am a devoted selfless mother. I will remember that she has a better deal in Karachi. I will pray, and abandon all interest in worldly possessions and outward appearances. Love and sex will have no place in my life, just struggle, strife, sajda, and samjhota. I will get a job as a Maths teacher, and I will wear torn slippers and cotton shalwars to school.
I suspect the stove is a 1950's (or so) model. It has a knob turning on the back splash light instead of the earlier pull chain.
Happy MAY!
the claim, the recitation of "said lever" in the same or subsequent claim would be unclear where it is uncertain which of the two levers was intended.
It is very moorish!!
FRUITION HIS WORD!
A man will tell you
I took your advice. I looked up organizations, joined groups, and found new friends.
What about the rechargeable lights? Here... I have an opinion. For an officer (or a mechanic) who uses his light every single working day, getting into the habit of charging it every night is reasonable. I have done this myself, using a Stinger model in both school and shop. In fact, I still do.... but.... is it the right choice for a defensive light that doesn't get used every day? I would suggest not... and that battery lights are better. A pair of Lithium CR123a batteries can last for a year with the light resting on a shelf if need be, and still give good service. Should they be dead, a few moments later new ones can be installed. With a rechargeable.... those few moments stretch out to hours, and equal not having the light when it's needed.
My birthday was last week and one great thing about having a birthday is all the free stuff you can get. I'm not just talking about gifts from friends and relatives, but gifts from many restaurants. So I though I'd share the best restaurants with birthday clubs you can sign up for online and get free stuff/coupons. Most places will e-mail you the coupons a week before your birthday and they are good until a week after your birthday, so you have 2 weeks to fill up on free food. After all the eating out we've been doing the past couple weeks, I may need to up my workout routine! (Birthday calories don't really count though, right?
Above: A fleeting glimpse of the Niagara River from my train window. It took some seventeen hours to get home yesterday, with no delays. Still . . . better than flying.
I love the juxtaposition of the modern metal backsplash
Much of the day was spent just being Mom. Breaking up fights, coping with Owen's tantrum's (he's discovered he's TWO), cleaning up paint that Garrett got on our patio furniture/patio/puppy Ellie, figuring out how to work in a shower even if it meant it was at 5:00PM.
The documentary above is 30 minutes long. 30 minutes out of your life that could possibly help save thousands of children’s lives. I sit here ashamed of myself. Here I am whining about a patch for a stupid f—ing game when there are children in the world being murdered and mutilated by madmen while our feckless leadership bickers recklessly because the old white guard can’t handle a black man in the White House.
Here are kitchen cabinet pull handles by Martha Stewart from Home Depot in Canada and Home Depot in the U.S.A. The name varies a bit but I can't tell the difference between the two. You can click on the name and price below to see the product on it's web page.
If you haven't heard of Harland Miller until now (and I admit I'm still coming up to speed: where have I been?), he's a British artist who has achieved a level of fame – or perhaps notoriety – for painting enormous Penguin book covers. Courtney Cox bought one for her Malibu beach house. So, too, did the Soho House hotel group and Elton John, among many others. But instead of the usual (and perhaps ubiquitous) Pride and Prejudice-style cover, Miller reinterprets them and puts his own rebellious spin on them. A Harland Miller title is nothing like a Jane Austen one.
II Samuel 8:2
*ok, I completely made that up. But it's my blog, so there.
This proves, yet once again, that within 48 hours of a frequency outbreak, we can expect strong cell thunderstorms, with damaging winds and hail (possible tornadic activity as well) to hit near the center of the ‘HAARP ring’ effected areas.
Final story: We work on the concept of grace a lot. I think that it is huge to grasp the concept so that as her faith develops, she understands what an amazing gift grace is. Yesterday when I did her hair, I put some clips in and she didn't like them. So, I changed them to what she thought that she wanted. I went to dress Keaton and she decided that the ones I put in originally were better. Well, I wasn't playing switch the clips and told her so. Typically at this point, she would throw herself on the ground and start to throw a fit. We've been struggling with this recently. Anyway, I quickly reminded her that consequences are no fun. She gave a disgruntled grunty noise and left the room. I would later discover that she went and put the clips back where they belong. So, I took them into the bathroom to brush teeth and as she is brushing her teeth, I told her that sometimes when you make a good choice, there are GOOD consequences (not always, but sometimes). I switched her hair clips to the one she wanted and she had a huge grin on her face. She said, "Momma? Is that kinda like grace?" My heart leapt for joy.
Anyway, my end of year school volunteer craziness is coming to an end soon, and I can't wait to get back on this blog. My husband sure doesn't want to hear me talk, so I hope you guys don't mind my rambling.
Have a “special page” for these videos to reside on your dealerships website!
Use any bowl that has smooth round bottom. Something like this one below.
In the foreword to this collection Andrew says:
I try to avoid posting a lot of political stuff here, because I know nothing about politics and it’s generally a bad idea to spout off about something you don’t know on the internet.
Republic of Viet Nam Service Medal, 1970
Tip of the Day: if you are donating blood and think you can get by with a large snack instead of eating an entire meal, you are wrong. Trust me!
Jimmie Riddle (sometimes listed as Jimmy Riddle) was an American performer who found fame of the US television show Hee Haw, a kind of redneck version of Rowan and Martin's Laugh-in, which ran from 1969 until 1997 - a total of 585 one hour episodes.
Factories are only getting more sophisticated because they must compete globally. Currently, America is sitting in a favorable position for exports and global manufacturing. Economist Mark Perry says the U.S. is responsible for one-fifth of the world’s manufacturing output, and China’s “low-wage advantage” is shrinking as foreign wages increase. Plus, growing export markets are making more room for American products, and American firms are seeing more opportunity as the production of goods in developing countries becomes less profitable—like China.
Flowers: Recollections
I'm subbing one right now, but with little success. It's a story I wrote a few years ago and have edited fiercely because over the years I've learned a lot about how to write. The early versions were pretty terrible--so much so that blush to think I actually sent it out. No wonder it came back like a rocket. Agents and editors should have flamed it. I like to have things wrapped up and having that MG novel out there would make me feel I'd accomplished what I set out to do.
Summer....
Though the blacklisted dinner has not yet been confirmed, their public relations team has been reaching out tentative feelers to try to gauge the potential impact of the dinner. For the last such dinner, they simply jumped in with both both feet, not predicting how much grief they would receive. I think it is quite obvious though that this new dinner idea could have drastic ramifications. In fact, I will be very surprised if the dinner ever actually occurs.
“Not today my love. You will have to spend a full year without seeing me. If you still love me come down here and you will turn into a mermaid the moment you will touch that rock in the middle of the cove.” she pointed out a rock in the middle of the cove.
These days, many monumental and beautiful buildings are often used for purposes they were perhaps originally not intended for, but for which they are actually very well suited. One of them is in the centre of The Hague. It is a church now not only used as a religious centre, but also as a cultural one. It was the church of one of the many cloisters that has long since disappeared, leaving nothing but its former church which is still used: the Kloosterkerk.
1 1/2 c. chopped strawberries or blueberries
Y11 French – Higher Thursday 13:00 ML2
Who love to kiss
It has been months...
Today I am back to clean eating and am kicking my cardio back up to full par. My body is feeling stronger everyday.
– those indications may include, inter alia, the fact that the destination of the goods is not declared whereas the suspensive procedure requested requires such a declaration, the lack of precise or reliable information as to the identity or address of the manufacturer or consignor of the goods, a lack of cooperation with the customs authorities or the discovery of documents or correspondence concerning the goods in question suggesting that there is liable to be a diversion of those goods to European Union consumers.
Bagels were the epitome of my childhood. There were nights where Mama Dazz and I couldn’t sleep and we’d have late-night bagel parties in the kitchen. When I attended Catholic school and sang in the choir, we went to Einstein’s Bagels after the one Sunday a month I was required to sing for a sermon. (I always got lox on an "everything" bagel. Best. Combination. EVER.) Whenever we went on vacation and had to drive somewhere, like Virginia Beach, New York, or North Carolina, I ordered a McDonald’s breakfast sandwich as, you guessed it, a bagel.
These are so much fun to make & this is my favorite one that I've made so far.
Never raise an eye to scoul
Outside gradually the colour of the sea changed from blue to green. First, the white foam at the ship’s bow turned darker and more sludgy and then around 10pm that night to muddy brown. We were in the mouth of the Amazon. There was an entirely different look, no swell on the sea, just calm and flat and smooth.
I came away thinking that I could happily cope with a summer day here on the beach and the pier, the cost of buying a wristband for unlimited rides on the pier a mere £14. I think i like Clacton On Sea. I would really like to get closer to the windfarms, they fascinate me.
Terrorists threw explosives at the motorcade of the Commissioner of Police in Taraba, Mamman Sule, while he was going through the ministry to his own office.
At the top of the card I added some lace trim and white polka dot ribbon. Then I decided to add a little grey taffeta ribbon and a little yellow rose. I had to make the little yellow paper rose because I searched and searched in my stash and believe it or not could not find anything, imagine that! LOL. Here's a close up of the flower and the glitter on the cake ...
Seriously, the day of your birthday is like what Jim Carrey must have felt like every day on the Truman Show. The world essentially revolves around you. On this day, nobody is ever going to give you a hard time. Nobody is ever going to disagree with you. In fact, not only are people nice to you, but they actually give you things.
‘A fool and his money would smell as sweet.’
Too much time
Also, make sure you bring comfortable shoes during any trip. It may take up suitcase space, but you will regret walking all over a major city in cute spring sandals!
Published in 1938, Winifred Watson wrote Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day and several other books about women transforming their lives while also addressing class differences and extramarital sex. Her novels were popular and well-received by critics but during WWII she phased out her writing career because of a commitment to her husband and newborn son. Hollywood soon came calling and Universal Studios optioned the rights to Miss Pettigrew with plans to adapt it into a musical with popular movie star Billie Burke as Miss Pettigrew. However, the war prompted Universal to focus on serious films instead.
There is no simple, single-cause explanation for this long-term decline – it is the result of a variety of changes in society that have combined to greatly reduce the overall demand for pubgoing. These include, amongst others, the decline of heavy industry, increased gender equality, changing attitudes to drink-driving, the growing official demonisation of alcohol and, of course, most recently the smoking ban.
The Romans started building their road network about 500 BC, so the Roman road through Galilee is at least 2,000 years old and possibly as much as 2,500 years old. The route that it followed goes back at least to the time of Abraham.
3 secrecy
“After killing off a few skeevers and one more crazed bum, I made it to the Ragged Flagon. The place was kind of a dump, but I had to hand it to Brynjolf…the place had style (in the rough rogue-ish sort of way). I approached Brynjolf, who was in the process of defending me to his fellow thieves. He gave me a task to prove my loyalty to the guild. The guild was running an extortion racket with the local merchants, and several had gotten a little too bold recently. They were refusing to give the guild their cut.
Different types of Parenting and its Effects:
Now let me counter some obvious and addle brain responses I expect to get because I’ve reminded people that there is an excellent attack on all the BS philosophers so beloved by the Ivory Tower…
My husband and i both started new jobs and now find our lives changing with just two children left home, both inmiddle school, and we've entered that time in life where we are much more free to come and go with no small children at home waiting to be picked up from school and no babysitters needed for a quick run out of the house.
He also spoke of his suspension as ANC youth league leader, and said “individuals make mistakes and leaders shouldn't then threaten with disciplinary actions. You can never suppress a revolutionary”, he yelled.
Theme: Indian Food
Beeld (local newspaper) has learned that there was disorder and that some schools were damaged, including Vereeniging High School, General Smuts High School, Riverside High School, Selborne Primary and Handhawer Primary School.
that "natural hanging out on the couch looking cute pic.")
Somehow, it might not seem quite so bad, a government waging war against its own people to eliminate the scourge of drug abuse; but when that same government is the world’s top drug trafficker…rather exceeds the term irony, transcending into the Twilight Zone.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter until is completely smooth. Add the cream cheese and beat until combined.
Green tea always makes me feel so healthy and virtuous. Less inclined to eat naughty food. Can only be a good thing!
But the Coast Guard drug interdiction specialist often travels outside Havana on drug and migration-related trips accompanying officials from the Foreign Ministry, known as MINREX, and the Interior Ministry (MININT), which is in charge of counter-narcotics, migration and domestic and foreign intelligence operations.
"You don't like the skin?," he asked.
Officers responded to a disturbance at Garner’s home about 4 a.m. Sunday after neighbors reported loud screaming and pounding, Smith said.
Mother's time at rehab is dwindling and we hope that she will be returning to her assisted living residence, but we are not sure at the moment.
Leo was rolling around on the Royal Footstool and she snapped her eyes on him. I did what I could to distract her, to make her look at me. Leo noticed her and stopped and crouched down and watched and waited. Just when I was reaching out to put my hand between them, she lashed out and tore up my finger. Then, of course, since I was now the bad guy, she hissed at me and went to hit me again. Luckily she thought better of it and took off. Leo took the opportunity to run hide under the bed.
- In Lancashire, no person is permitted after being asked to stop by a constable on the seashore to incite a dog to bark.
75001 Paris
I finished at 3pm and went for a run. The weather has been amazing today, almost 13 degrees, and it really felt like Spring. I know it is supposed to throw it down with rain tomorrow but for today I ran my four miles in the mild and pleasant afternoon sunshine. Happy! ;)
She hit a few nerves and got me thinking, planning, thinking some more.
The rear gave in, then grip found.
First off, I haven't spent much time with this friend in years. When we first arrived, we went to a buffet. This, I enjoyed. The food was overpriced but the quality of people I was spending time with made it worthwhile. It seems like sometimes you really can pick up a conversation where it left off, even if it was ten years ago. :)
The downside
SCBWI-Southwest Texas
The Reserve Bank of India today extended the deadline for the buyback of foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) till March 31 next year — providing some breathing room to companies who had used the instrument to raise money overseas.
MY BROTHER DON 12-10-55 - 6-10-05
devouring all you are.
Step 1 - In a medium saucepan, combine butter, water, pumpkin pie spice, vanilla, and food coloring. Heat slowly, stirring until butter melts. At no time should this mixture simmer or boil.
Blue ink
our makers are no gods nor good
Going by the Absolute Poker evaluate accessible, one will certainly perceive that the main motive for the excessive stage of traffic on the web site is due to the truth that the website is open to US members. There are greater than 6000 players on the website taking part in through the peak hours and thru the companion web site, UB.com, the site will get extra visitors also. There are many video games out there on Absolute Poker and this web site is thus enjoyed by numerous people.
NOTE: Put away from you a deceitful mouth, And put perverse lips far from you. Proverbs 4:24
On the other hand in a film like K3G everything that was critiqued in Trishul is completely endorsed. The films are hardly comparable in any but this ideological sense. The bourgeois world is now even ‘thematized’ for its values. It’s not just that you represent this class as the norm and base your story on it but that you take the extra step of representing its values as ‘sacred’ and crucial to the life and health of the nation-state (a move also evident in TV serials for the longest time.. in fact the Johar universe is part and parcel of the same world).
On that Monday, the pain had REALLY centralized in the left area of my chest, in the heart region, and was in my left arm it felt like a tube was jammed up and down my arm. Very weird. At that point, after describing the symptoms to my Mom, she said I should go to the hospital, like now, I asked my Mother-in-Law to make arrangements to pick Bennett up from school and if she could take me to the ER.
Heres a tip for nationalists.
At our last voting opportunity - for AV - my natural democratic instincts strongly supported, however flawed, a move to a slightly more democratic system - and was surprised, not just that the vote went for the status quo, but that the Labour party was so ambivalent about the issue. If Cameron/Clegg abolish an unelected House of Lords I'll be shaking my head with amazement that this wasn't possible in a decade or more of New Labour. Yet, there are few policies where I see eye-to-eye with either of those Arrogant Posh Boys, ahead of the younger Milliband.
In a move of extraordinary strength, I’m planning on saving some of my samples to share with friends when I return home… if I return home. At the moment, I’m writing this at a gazebo in the park off of Mission (think Gilmore Girls, only Danish) across from an antique shop with a bell tower. It’s amazing how a quick day trip like this can help me shake off the stress and weight of day-to-day life—no worrying about careers, relationships or missed opportunities. I just let everything go. Everyone needs an escape, and I’m definitely planning my next one. After all, there are a lot of bakeries, book stores, antique shops and wine bars yet to be conquered!
For one, the national chairman of the Tea Party Express tour is a California radio talk show host - former KFBK/Sacramento host Mark Williams, who still does remote ISDN fill-in (much like Clear Channel talk WSPD/1370 program director/afternoon drive host Brian Wilson does) for stations across the country.
However it's spring here in the Pacific Northwest. We had record amounts of rainfall last month and lots of flooding. Everything is mud and days have been drizzly. Picture two days in a beautiful eventing facility, 70*, sunny, dry ground, irrigated grass... I got an awesome sexy sunburn on my arms between the sleeves of my polo and my gloves. The weather was perfect, the people were friendly, the horses were gorgeous. Serena and I would be like whoa, that's a REALLY nice horse. Must not be in our group. Hahaha.
PG&E Corporation (PG&E) is a US-based energy holding company. It is engaged in holding interests in energy-based businesses. The company principally operates its business through Pacific Gas and Electric Company, a public utility operating in northern and central California. The utility is regulated primarily by the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). The Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) oversees the licensing, construction, operation, and decommissioning of the utility’s nuclear generation facilities. The utility is engaged in electricity and natural gas distribution; electricity generation, procurement, and transmission; and natural gas procurement, transportation, and storage. PG&E offers electricity to 5.2 million customers and around 4.3 million natural gas distribution customers. PG&E is headquartered in San Francisco, the US.
Season the sauce with salt and pepper to taste.
NOTE: The Tiffany Blue/Brown Pret-Tea Cosey will be auctioned off in my next post as a fundraiser. Become a follower of mine so you can participate in the auction. Maybe it's suppose to be living at YOUR home!
One of the songs is based on one of the Tamil hits in the original version, but the rest of the numbers do not make a deep impression. In a movie whose story line is based on the same good versus bad formula, merely having a macho hero and a macho villain isn’t enough. You must also have a racy script which races faster than the thought processes of the viewers; the original KAAKA KAAKA scored and became successful because of this. And if one were to take an example from Bollywood, Aamir’s GHAJINI would be a good benchmark. Otherwise, the audiences will run in a direction away from the movie house at a speed which will cause the maker’s finances to go out of shape! It will be a FORCE of a different kind!
Using my Grand Calibur made this next part SUPER easy. I was able to die cut the Grand Labels One AND the large pennant at once! The plates go through the machine very smoothly. I didn't use one in this project, but I LOVE to use Impression Plates in my Grand Calibur because it gives me a deeper impression than when I use my Cuttlebug. . .and I don't snap my plate with thicker cardstock like I have with my Cuttlebug.
This morning we found Innocent Coffee. It's a cute little place, not far from Granville Island. For some reason it reminds me of something out of a William Gibson novel. (That's a good thing, by the way.)
We are now 4 years old. It seems like no time at all when we first started out on our venture!
The FBI says the robber had an employee place cash in a plastic shopping bag, then herded two bank workers and a customer into a restroom where he used plastic zip ties to bind their hands.
Levi is still technically under nutropenic precaution, as his counts are still pretty low. But, the doctor wanted to get him home, as it is actually much easier for little ones to stay away from germs and infection at home than it is in the hospital. All sort of nasty bugs lurking there I guess. We are monitoring his temperature and watching for signs of coughs, but praying and trusting God that he will have a solid rest and recovery time like he did after his first round.
I think Keller is spot-on, which is what got me to thinking about how someone gets to a place where they are characterized by true gospel-humility. If what Keller says is true, then we cannot simply try to be more humble because this will only focus our thoughts back on ourselves. We’ll constantly ask questions of ourselves like, “Did I come across as arrogant when I said that?” or “Did I show enough interest in that person?” These kinds of question only help us adopt a performance mentality that leads us to pride if the answer is good and self-pity (just another form of self-centeredness) if it is bad.
This movie was stupid. Everything was so convoluted and such a mess that the film just collapsed under its own weight. This series isn’t that complicated, guys! It’s immortal swordsmen duking it out until only one remains. How did all of this bullshit about aliens from Mars and global warming and the ozone layer get filtered into the mix? Not to mention the awful “comedy” from Sean Connery and Michael Ironside and the contrived romance, along with the terrible special effects - pretty sure even the first movie had better special effects than the ones here.
Satire in The Lorax is no less blunt than in The Hunger Games; both are saying, in their own way, that cooperating with evil isn’t just wrong, it’s ridiculous.
This last saturday I went into my 3rd Warmahordes tournament ever. It was a kickass 15pts tourney with one list and no restrictions. Needless to say there was so much crazy stuff and combos it was pure fun.
“Where to next?” asked The Beholder, who had become something resembling their leader (although she had been deceased for the larger portion of their journey), “We can go to Loch Lalain, or Quiddick Harbor.”
Direct comparison KIGGS study and vaccineinjury.info-survey (September 2011)
Good Evening Peachy Keen Fans! Today is THE day! We have three new face collections to release (in our assortment and 1-1/8" size), two St. Patrick's Day image sets and lots and lots of eye candy for you! Tonight we'll be showcasing all of our new releases PLUS our recently-released Valentine's Day sets. There's a chance to win at every stop, so you don't want to miss a single one!
So how can publishers and developers survive the transition to next generation systems by stopping piracy?
Patricia N Blair
We're having a change from our usual Cornish destination and will be heading to the coast. The property has a large garden and views of St Michael's Mount. It's a short walk to the beach and there are other interesting walks locally.
86 A Fine Balance – Rohinton Mistry
So, 8 is pouring, and as taps open, we’ll start pouring consecutive Jewbelations in ascending order -- probably no more than two at a time. When one blows, the next in line will take its place.
The man on the obverse is a Peruvian military aviation hero José Abelardo Quiñones Gonzáles (1914 – 1941). He is revered for his sacrifice during the 1941 war between Peru and Ecuador, when, after taking heavy damage to this plane, he crashed his aircraft into the Ecuadorian positions.
The worst was in speech classes. It was common to hear student saying “raid” as he read “red”. Most of the students say “mum” instead of “ma’am”. Many teachers corrected mispronunciation but many teachers also mispronounced words. What a mess!
“My son and wife are very angry, embarrassed walking with me on the road,” he said. “People call me a joker, a cartoon, mad.”
To clarify first of all, bipolar disorder of BiP can be cured only by the sick person concerned. It takes a personal decision, really high levels of determination and fidelity to self-integration methods, for a person to get out of that cul de sac called schizophrenia. Without that willingness, a bipolar, more so the one who regresses into childhood, may find the regressed state so addictive that s/he may become ambivalent about a total healing for the ailment, whether this ambivalence is conscious or unconscious.
And of course, my parents couldn't forget all the cooking presents!
the call of calls.
I spent two weeks in Silverlake
"Don't miss it! Don't even be late! It's dollars to donuts that our state fair is the best state fair in our state!"
A: A Michael Jackson slumber party.
I mean, take the world outstanding. I mean, "stand out" is in the word. So, standing out, not fitting in, is outstanding!
#11 Deal Of The Day – $0.01 Dip Trio w/ $10.00 0rder
"Nope."
Q. How will this change of motivation affect your relationship and reactions? What does this inspire you to do? What does it inspire you to stop doing?
When I ordered, I was given a choice of a small, medium, or large box. The box contents were “supposedly” listed on on the website so that you could see what you would be ordering. I was okay with the selection, although there weren’t any quantities listed. I knew that it was going to be russian roulette as far as that went and this was again, experimental.
DL Hammons, Katie Mills, Lydia Kang, and Nicole Ducleroir are hosting the Déjà vu Blog fest today! How does it work? All of those taking part will re-post their favorite blog offering, or one that never received the exposure it should have. Then as the day unfolds and everyone hops from one blog to another, what they will be reading is the best of the best (as determined by you).
Running shoes on, capris on, t shirt and I’m ready to go. Unfortunately it has been so long my Nike+ wristband had lost all it’s charge, so I had to take my phone and use the Nike+ App. We did our usual 2 mile circuit but as a run/walk combo. It took me a good mile to get into it, and by a mile and a bit I’d had enough!
The Germans began by insisting on it, but the French rejected the idea as unsaleable to the French voter. The French were probably right, but their observation should’ve meant the end of the project. On the contrary, via the farcical compromise of fiscal rules without any penalties for ignoring them, the euro went ahead.
benefit of the political elite
I learned that The Book Depository does not ship to everywhere. The postage for some of the books to far away places runs between $5.00 and $6.00 and up. Since I would award $5.00 for The Book Depository to an international winner, as an alternative you may choose a smaller book and we will hope the postage will not exceed $6.00. If the postage is more, or if you want to pick a larger book and you are willing to pay any extra postage beyond the $6.00 I will work with you on that. This may not make a difference to many but if it helps one or two of you to give one of my books a home that will make me happy too. :o)
a metamorphosis in spirit...yes,
Dogon Tribe
TD: Great companies are by and large built by “hedgehogs” – this means that they were able to focus on one big important thing that made their companies great. The “hedgehog concept” refers to a parable of a hedgehog and a fox, where the fox knows many things, but the hedgehog knows one big thing. Sometimes it takes real genius to see through all the clutter and grab the one, simple, unique thing that gives you the advantage.
Use code facebook5 during checkout!
I hope your killer burns
"It's one of those countries near Yugoslavia. I have the address at work," Martha said.
As we walked back to the car, hand-in-hand, and tried to take in as much as we could in our remaining minutes left at the field, there was suddenly a loud bang. It came from the paintball area and I thought that maybe somebody had shot off a rifle or gun of some sort. We rounded the corner to approach the car and that’s when we saw the smoke! Well, we couldn’t just leave without finding out what had happened. As we got closer we could see a group of guys putting out a little fire. What in the world had happened?? That’s when one of the guys picked up two pieces of burned-up something. It took a few seconds before we realized that it was a glider thing. Out where they had been shooting paintballs the Horizon guys were now tossing up these gliders that you launched like a discus. That’s when I noticed how close to the power lines they were, and that’s when Jay and I both realized at the same time that one of the gliders had hit the lines and that was the bang we’d heard. I was a bit confused because I didn’t know why it would have created a spark since it wasn’t grounded, but Jay informed me that these particular gliders have a carbon rod and that they are highly conductive. Thus the spark, bang and fire. It just so happened that somebody was filming their flight up above the field when the glider hit the wire!
What are your favorite materials to use with lampwork?
No sewing done yesterday. Bub only slept for 40 minutes and in the evening when I normally sew I was working out an embroidery design on the computer for a friend.
We as people must take responsibility, we must stop shifting blame. These bastards could never get away with what they are doing if we were not so weak, divided and ultimately pathetic. Whereas they are tyrants, we are pathetic for allowing them to exploit and violate us as they do.
With all sorts of broken soles
Here are a few of my favourite things for this last week of March. Enjoy! (note: I've given up on the linky for now, but I'd still love to see what your favourite posts are, so leave any links in the comments!)
But later when the teachers took Robyn away, she came back flouncing, her skirts flying like she was the happiest person in the world.
The sentiment is stamped on torn vellum and then embossed, which makes it slightly fuzzy and fat, but I think it works.
On November 11, 1925, Carter and his staff began the first examination of the mummy. Over four days, the team delicately unraveled the bandages and recorded each of the artifacts hidden within the wrappings
Our life is never dull, when we watch it from within. Compare it to a movie, but then with the emotions and perceptions of the main character included. Emotions and feelings are signals that we can learn from, if we observe them and take them into account. Hiding them, or hiding from them, will just mean that we could be missing out on something new, something that adds spice to our life, that helps us grow in knowledge and experience. Wouldn’t that be interesting?
The highest number of trucks entering into India from Pakistan in a day after the inauguration on the new ICP is 192 while the maximum count of trucks that crossed over to Pakistan stands at 175
As usual, I welcome people's opinions, but hold back on the death threats, please!
I always wondered what Korean people think about Turkey and Turkish people. I was in high school during 2002 World Cup. I was shocked when i see the large Turkish flag on the stadium carried by Koreans. Maybe there were always a love for Korean people in Turkish community. But that was the time I realized that. Two cultures have many similarities, and during the Korean War Turkey sent soldiers to Korea and there is a cemetery for Turkish soldiers in Busan. And during World Cup we felt like we were at our homeland.
Q How will my acceptance be intimated to me?
W: Remember, you gave me this job yesterday?
So why not a poem?
“They went on a spending spree that would make a drunken sailor blush,” Byron Schirmbeck, director of saferbaytown.com told TheNewspaper. “How can you have a program that’s meant to punish lawbreakers when you’re violating the law yourself?”
Its been a while since I was here but I just wanted to reassure you all that I am still alive and kicking.
She and Cousin A ended up needing to go to the nearest pharmacy to get a syringe as she had her epi-pen but no syringe. It was Easter Sunday but my Mother sent them to the nearest Walgreens insisting that it would be open because "it's Walgreens! It's always open on Sundays!" despite us telling her "It's EASTER Sunday!" Luckily they found an open Walgreens, got her syringe, pumped her full of adrenalin and they returned alive and breathing.
I snore very loudly, wake up at times gasping for breath and very seldom do I feel rested.
We The Prayer Team, are with you now in thought and spirit. We send you energy and love from our souls to yours and we pray that you will all feel it and know how very loved you are.
I literally have a robot watching me pee. Wave your hand at the robo-waste-2000 as if to say "Hello, I want to feed you something useless and/or disgusting" and it opens wide for ten seconds (you can hear the ticking), before snapping shut again.
FORT WORTH
Besides, Baby doesn't get herself dressed yet. :P"
I started this 90 day project so as to focus my efforts and come up with a beta version of my first website.
He happens to be blind, as well, which makes the advocate for the disabled in me want to cheer a little bit. Even without a physical disadvantage, being a dissident in China is not easy. This is probably why Guangcheng has been under virtual house arrest, along with his wife and daughter, for about a year.
Alan Loney / The Other Tradition / 3-6
We had a fun drive home from St. Louis in hard rain---sirens were going off bu fortunately we drove out of it. Was sorry to hear about the damage near the stadium. Hope all the "hookers" made it home safely.
-How often/how extensively do you use the curriculum? I am required by my principal to do at least one activity or lesson from ULS per day. As my students need a lot of repetition, we repeat a lot of the activities throughout the month (which is assumed by ULS) and do more than one per day, usually, with some always being repeats or extensions. As far as the month goes, I always do all the stories and articles and their corresponding comprehension questions. We always do the Bingo game, the cooking lesson and the art/craft activity. Most months, we do the science experiment and the "survey and chart" activity. Other activities - the leveled math and literacy activities, etc. - get put into individual students' work boxes or used during centers, depending on what kids need to be working on which skills. I don't use everything, certainly, but definitely enough to make it worthwhile.
My only complaint about the screening, other than the snoring girl, was that we did not get to see the final Batman trailer that regular screenings will get to see. I had been really looking forward to that, but I’m sure it will be on-line in the near future. I am actually curious to see which super hero movie winds up dominating the summer. My money is on Batman, but The Avengers should give it some real competition.
Did you know you can actually make ice cream in a baggie? Really, you can! No ice cream machine needed. One of the cool things about Baggie Ice Cream is that the kids can do it all by themselves! Unless, of course, you have little ones, then you might need to help shake. Who needs a shake weight when you can make Baggie Ice Cream?
Then he stepped away and gawked at her nakedness. Katarina watched him out of the corner of her eye. His mouth gaped open, saliva forming in the hollows of his lips in preparation for an all-out invasion. Katarina could feel his gaze focused on her rear, on the delicate flesh of her womanhood that glistened in the early morning sunlight.
coins across the counter at the bank toward the cashier,
There is another view.
So anyway, I’m running, and a taxi pulls up a few metres ahead, and the driver sounds the horn. For whatever reason, I thought he must obviously be trying to get my attention, why else would he stop and horn? So I ran to the window, looked in, and I was like, ‘wassup man?’
My friend is a fellow Scot exiled in Japan where she founded, teaches and supports an energy healing center: with its main adherents coming to a peaceful country setting to learn how to heal themselves, and returning home equipped to continue the process. Alongside this laudable enterprise, she mistressminds an indy publishing house, with titles simultaneously appearing in both English and Japanese.
*Cotton Balls and eyeshadow applicators (I just use cheap dollar store applicators).
It was the first game of a doubleheader and an 8-7 "Curly W" for the record books, the second game that day was a 3-7 loss (a "Curly L"?).
What about medications? It's only a simple pill, or fluid but they are so expensive. Why? How about research and development? Product liability insurance? The cost of dealing with the FDA for years? Attorneys? Lawsuits? It's an expense that has to be paid.
Amanpour: should government spend money
What do you do to prepare for a race or athletic event? What are your tips for staying focused and motivated?
Although it was pretty bad, I found that Della's relationship with Dan, and the sub-plot of her best friend Maddy's own relationship problems, to be what I was interested in most. Was Dan really genuine? What was Maddy going to do? I think this book really says something about relationships, how the most unlikely of relationships might not be as rocky as you'd assume, and how the strongest of relationships might not be as strong as you think.
33= New Hampshire
If you are able to help sponsor a participant or would like more information, please contact:
And if you don’t believe EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE KEY PEOPLE INVOLVED, just accept that Bush and HIS gutsy decision to approve waterboarding led us to the knowledge that Osama bin Laden (UBL) was using couriers, the pseudo-names of those couriers that led to intelligence ultiamtely finding their actual names, and even the very city where Osama bin Laden was hiding:
The WORD says… God gives wealth, possessions, and power to enjoy them (Ecclesiastes 5:19).
Still, the U-5 rate does not factor the reasons that individuals stopped looking for work, such as, deciding to go to school, inheriting money, or realizing that jobs were not available in their local area. It also does not account for the number of individuals who are on unemployment insurance, according to a source familiar with the monthly survey.
Ever-mysterious dark matter
In 1998, the Telegraph got hold of (and one wonders how) a confidential document containing the minutes of a meeting organised by the National Criminal Intelligence Service (NCIS). It quoted this police document as saying: “corrupt officers exist throughout the UK police service… Corruption may have reached ‘Level 2’, the situation which occurs in some third world countries.”
3 tablespoons salsa (medium to hot)
Lots of sticky licks,
-Loves holding his own hands
“Mister Gower, you don’t know what you’re doing. You put something wrong in those capsules. I know you’re unhappy. You got that telegram and you’re upset. You put something bad in those capsules. I know you’re unhappy. It wasn’t your fault, Mister Gower…”
I know there is healthy Mexican food - in fact, I could simply throw some rice, tomatoes and black beans into a tortilla and call that a healthy burrito! But that's in the comfort of my own home. When I eat out, I'm faced with a menu filled with items that are fried, smothered with cheese and chili, and topped with sour cream - AND all served in larger portions than we should ever encounter! There is no option to have steamed veggies on the side, nor is there a salad menu (yeah, a taco salad is NOT healthy...). I feel doomed every time!
I had a caffeine gel in my hand, two on my arm in a nike arm band for easy access and anything else I needed (along with my water) in my water pack). We had parked my car at Greenock Central the night before so all of the stuff I needed for after the run was there waiting for me (fleece, warm clothes, lucozade, food, etc). All I needed to do was run there!
The generic name originated in Latin and was applied by Pliny the Elder to the edible oraches.
On a second visit, we got more Tadikh, this time with some Chelow Gheimeh on top, a lamb stew in tomato sauce with split peas and and lemon. What can I say, I’m a Tadikh-a-holic.
Nigro G, Anceschi MM, Cosmi EV. Clinical manifestations and abnormal laboratory findings in pregnant women with primary cytomegalovirus infection. Int J Obstet Gynaecol 2003; 110: 572-577.
(took it at night with my phone -.-)
Wanna know what I've been doing? Er.. not sure, but it doesn't involve a whole lot of getting on with of anything, stuff or otherwise. Well I cleaned up a bit, the place needed it. But I really need to get on with stuff.
Anyway...I am scarce, I wanted to tell you why, I will understand if you write me off, quit following, erase me. But, I am not leaving. I just don't have the time to blog and I hate when I follow blogs that I love and all of a sudden, you are left hanging, waiting, wondering...so, for now, I say I am on hiatus. But, I am sure when I have that mental breakdown, er, when we take the cheerleader to college, I will be back with a need to sort it all out.
As for playing in the WHL itself, Gawdin believes the league suites his style and he has always dreamed about playing at the major junior level.
Day 25 of life
They shall possess this land.
love makes us stupid
Feel free to leave your input (constructive criticism, ideas, suggestions, whatever you'd like)! I always appreciate that!
“Is it really worth it? Telling yourself that Dad did what they said he did, just so you can live a little less miserably?” I was really upset now.
-What are the worst states in the US?
Saturday was the peanuts 2 month birthday and we celebrated by attending a beautiful baby shower for them! My wonderful friends and family put on a fantastic lunch at the East Bay Grille, where we were showered with love and gifts for the cutest two month olds ever. It was wonderful to see everyone and even one of their NICU nurses came by and brought them each a beautiful outfit! When I went to thank everyone for coming, I got really choked up. People often ask us how we stay so strong and it’s really because of all the love and support we receive from so many people – even those who have never met us before but have heard our story! It honestly is knowing we have such a huge support system behind us that makes us strong enough to get up every day and face the challenges. I tell everyone that my children are the most love children in the world right now – it’s simply amazing.
HOLY DAMN WILL!
After bringing everything home I opened the packages and inspected the guns. They showed no signs of rust inside or out. The ammunition had no oxidation I could observe. Everything looked the same way it did three and a half months ago when I stored them. I took these same guns and ammunition to the range and fired all 150 rounds of assorted ammunition without a failure to fire. The lube on the guns looked the same as well and functioned as they did prior to storage. This pretty much convinced me they had a very good product!
From the 395, exit at Damonte Ranch Parkway and drive EAST.
Soon, for reasons we could not understand we seemed to be walking back uphill without ever reaching the car, or even – knowingly – setting foot on the narrow winding road the car was parked beside.
Quiet.
The school library provides information and ideas that are fundamental to functioning successfully in today’s information and knowledge-based society. The school library equips students with life-long learning skills and develops the imagination, enabling them to live as responsible citizens.
Martin Boryczewski, 29, Parsippany, N.J.
How much time to you spend on new possible forms, styles, projects?
Well, at least, that’s what I thought, until my neighbor called me over. While I was engaged in conversation with the guy about the gutters. He had asked if I could speak to him about my back fence. I told him, as soon as I was finished with this guy, I’d be over.
The camera for boys & girls of Fuji and its name was also Fujipetto. The factory of Fuji Film was located on the north side of Imaizumi Elementary School (in the old Yoshiwara city, in Fuji prefecture).
I glare as him I hate being called Kathryn and he knows it. "No problem Gaymie."
reports: The European Court of Human Rights found France guilty of violating Article 3 (prohibition of inhuman or degrading treatment), Article 5 (right to liberty and security) and Article 8 (right to respect to private and family life) of the European Convention on Human Rights, and ordered France to pay the family 13,000 euros.So here are five different countries -- Australia, Canada, France, Kazakhstan, and South Africa -- on five different continents, with very different attitudes to asylum seekers and asylum seeking. For some seeking asylum is a human right, for others it is a crime.
I am incredibly excited and shocked and nervous and just about every emotion I can think of all rolled into one!
The fish on the land ain't happy
A3 Soul Monday
He really is the best. Who else would make an inappropriate u-turn because his prego wife spotted a Sonic? (man, I'm gonna get fat!) Who would rub her feet even though he hates feet? Who would schlep dozens upon dozens of boxes from one floor to the next because they were put in the wrong place? Who would shoulder the burden of all of the gory details in a move...the mundane stuff like arranging an apt. with the Internet guy, and getting a car detail paid for after it came off of the cross country rig exceptionally dirty? Who would make sure that he takes sufficient time off of work so that the house could be in order, to avoid putting it all of his wife's plate? This guy......
Some are sweet and frank in their insults.. “My wife refused to come.. because she thinks you are boring”
Spring time
I’d cut off America’s supply of cheap, abundant energy. I couldn’t take it by force. So, I’d make Americans feel guilty for using the energy that heats their homes, fuels their cars, runs their businesses, and powers their economy.
a folder I made for my daughter Niamh. She likes to save the lunchbox notes I always send in her lunch, and they end up everywhere:) So, this is her new folder to keep them all tucked away.
Ramjas College is one of the colleges of Delhi University. The college admits both undergraduates and post-graduates, and awards degrees under the purview of the University. Famous for its rich history and many traditions, Ramjas is widely renowned as perhaps India’s one of the most famous higher educational institution offering degrees in the liberal arts and the sciences. Since its founding in 1917, the college has produced a long line of distinguished alumni.
the fear and shape and prayer
The Single Judge considered that “the recent experience of the Chamber in the situation at hand, as well as the existing backlog” in dealing with victims’ applications makes it “imperative to put in place a system that is adequate to deal with numerous applicants.”[24] The Single Judge wanted the system put in place for this case to “encourage a collective approach to victims’ applications […] without prejudice to continuing long-term consideration of a collective system that could eventually be applied by the Court as a whole.”[25] The Single Judge therefore embraced the Registry suggestion to create “an initial mapping report, which would identify the main communities of victims affected by the crimes likely to be the subject of the Court proceedings” and to communicate with civil society in those locations.[26] The exercise will identify groups of victims, identify individuals who can act as representatives for the victims and encourage individual victims to make joint applications pursuant to Rule 89(3).[27]
One way I’d respond is that, you know, I’ve never really liked to be too specific about what my intentions are or what I want people to get out of my art. I think that’s sort of the beauty of art objects, is that they’re really open to all kinds of interpretations.
Strega is an herbal Italian liqueur. If unable to find, make a cannoli-type ice cream with chopped bittersweet ice cream and chopped, toasted pistachios. If doing the cannoli-ice cream, omit the orange peel.
Vinegar, 1 teaspoon
The Spring Mini only has another couple of weeks left to run now. After that time you will not be able to purchase the products featured in it. If there are still items that you HAVE to get - think about placing your order very soon :o)
A brief history of Blarney:
The question now is: Could the yogurt have the same dramatic effects on human? I hope so, though am not so enthusiastic about paying the price just so you will have an enlarged testicle.
As a clay vase
Yes, it's a HYBRID. I am so frackin' thrilled, and promise not to be smug.
Dearest Nora,
Modern TVs are more thin, wider and supply better pictures than ever before. With such a lot to choose from Nonetheless, you are certain to like a new digital Television to one of the older models we’ve been stuck with for so very long. Why not bag a bargain and find one in the sales?
Snow is as much of a character in the Shining as a member of the family. It creates the whole set piece and functions as a plot device as Danny runs from Jack in the hedge maze and covers his tracks with snow. Cold, cold snow. I think about that in the middle of a snowstorm when I'm in my house. These would be the people I'd stuck with. And it's always good to come up with a plan if one of them goes crazy. And you had better hope they do. Because, if someone doesn't flip a logic switch that means you're the crazy one.
Video Centre service supported: download and stream video content, WMV support, video feeds
My ex husband has been shacking up with this much younger girlfriend for about a year. My kids came home after spending the weekend with their father and mentioned that they are going to be on the new family Christmas card, with the new girlfriend. I don’t think that’s ok. They are not married and she is not the mother of my kids. Am I over reacting? I don’t know even know the people she plans on sending the cards to! Please help!
Cut it into rectangle and bite sized pieces for the toddler and enjoy. But, let me warn you, the mother may enjoy the healthy treat more than the child!
Time is short, the hour is late, and judgment certain:
I found that very sympathetic. I don't really think it's true that all dancers want to have an audience. There are mixtures, of course. There are those who want an audience of one, and there are those who only do it 'for an audience' if you define audience participation as 100%, which is quite different again. Some people never look good if they know they're being filmed because they just loathe the whole concept of performing, and have to sort of trick themselves into it if they want a video for some other reason. But that doesn't mean they aren't happy to be watched (politely) on a real dance floor with real people, given the opportunity.
I had a bread roll with my soup for the rest of the week and saved loads of money! This recipe proves that bread doesn’t have to be complicated to be perfect. This simple recipe was the best attempt at baking bread so far and I think my strictness with the method, rising times and oven temperature really made a difference.
Heck of a job, Brownie.
Her visit with the International Adoption Clinic went about as expected as well. Lia seems very well adjusted and acts very normal in most circumstances. So, nothing significant was noted during her exam. She was tested for the chemical poisoning that occurred in several Chinese babies over the past several years in their attempt to add protein to their milk diet. We don't know the results of that test yet. Lily Grace will eventually have to be tested as well. Lia has another appointment in Birmingham in February, where we'll hopefully learn more about her development. Then she has two more visits in February to see the neurosurgeon. Hopefully, by the end of February, we'll know what we can expect as far as her medical needs.
I pulled out one of my new MME 6x6 paper pads which are perfect for creating cards. I used the Scrapmatts Ornate frame and backed it with pp to frame my sentitment then used some of our versatile new flowers, which I inked to match the paper and layered. I then inked and highlighted with Kindyglitz some of our new Leaf chippies and of course I had to add one of my favourites the little Butterfly chippies.
Officials have also arrested suspects allegedly responsible for burning down one of the factories connected to manufacturing of the tainted capsules, according to the state-run Xinhua news agency.
I really liked Prof. Kouvelis. He was so cute with his tidy sport coat and slacks and slick Italian shoes. I had a little crush on him. He was fun. Smart and quirky with this great subtle sense of humor. He wrote this formula on the board one day, then turned and looked at us. "I would say it's all Greek to me, but..." he deadpanned.
I don’t want
Isn’t it really the case? Every military expert suggests that Israeli pre-emptive attack on Iran could escalate into a nuclear conflict. If anything Grass tries like others, including your truly, to prevent Israel from celebrating its lethal symptoms once again.
Judith Mary Elliott (MBI) 2690
The howling wind doesn't excuse my suck-y attitude today, though. Neither does the crick in my neck I have had since I woke up this morning. Ever have one of those days when nothing in particular makes you feel "yucky" or "down".....you just wake up feeling "blah"? Yep, it's one of those days.......
We don’t
Remove the cover and raise the heat to medium-high and let the sprouts brown frizzle, about 8-10 minutes more. Season with additional salt if needed.
In the end, these parents calmed down and decided the photo was nothing to worry about according to their final emails. I must say the girl's mom who hosted the event was very appreciative of the information and called to make sure there was no fallout over this between our daughters (none, thank goodness). At the end of our conversation, she lamented the old days, "When we were thirteen and could make mistakes, learn from them and then grow up, but with no evidence, except in memories."
Congratulations! To Beth Hawley for winning the drawing last month! She received a Kuhn Rikon Stainless Steel Knife!
I have given it great thought and have decided I need to take some time off. This project has grown so big and last year was a tough year for me, both with my personal health and with the task of maintaining a Relay For Life team (make that 3 teams last year).
What trimester are you in, and how do you feel?
too busy for yourself.
1400ml of Oil
1. On level ground place your car in park and put your emergency break on.
Several years ago I wrote a brief essay for the Society for American Archaeology’s Archaeology for the Public website asking “Do Archaeologists Dig Dinosaur Bones?” The short answer is “No” and the reason is that dinosaurs and humans (the subject of anthropology) never coexisted.
From her own such vibrant power,
“On the day that thou shalt determine to make a movie, lo, the machinations of all the world shalt begin to conspire. The murmurs of the machinations shalt grow in volume and maleficence as the day of Rolling Cameras approaches, until they threaten to overwhelm all other things.
He felt downward until he came to where a dirt floor joined the dirt wall. It wasn’t a perfect right angle but more of a rough meeting between the wall and floor. He thought about turning left or right. He chose left because it had four letters, like John’s name. He felt high and low with each slow step. He wanted to jump and test the height, but he was afraid of either bumping his head or landing too hard and breaking through the unknown ground. He continued left until he came to a corner, again roughly rounded and not perfect. He estimated that he had stepped as far as his basement wall but then realized he hadn’t walked the entire length of that wall. As he turned the corner left, he counted his slow, short steps and estimated that each was two feet long.
of God’s every hue.
Yeah, way to slack, huh? I totally meant to write out a heartfelt, meaningful Christmas post a few days ago and set it to auto-post on Christmas. Which is probably why I never got around to it. Lately it seems that blogging only works for me if it's a spur-of-the-moment sort of thing. Since the only to-do on my list today is "finish unearthing the kitchen from the abyss it fell into over the course of the week-of-Christmas festivities," today seemed like a good day to sit down and blog. Because I really, really hate cleaning the kitchen. There have been things I've been wanting to blog about lately, but of course the moment I sat down, I forgot them all. Procrastination rarely takes preparation into account. So I decided that today's post will be about what we're all up to.
Shim’on the Just is the continuance of the Isnad given in the first verse, which would make the Isnad go: Moshe Rabenu, A”S, Yehoshu’a, the Elders, the Prophets, the Great Assembly, Shim’on the Just, thus chaining Shim’on the Just to Moshe Rabenu, A”S, and thus trustworthy. In the next verse Antigonos from Socho is added to the Isnad, making trustworthy as well. The interesting thing is that where the trustworthiness of a Hadith in Islam is searched backwards, in Judaism it is related onward.
I am a sad case (OK, OK, don’t go over the top with that one!) I have sadly fallen behind with the napowrimo challenge over the past couple of weeks, so I’m going to try to make up for it over the coming weekend … not that there’s the remotest chance of catching up completely, but an attempt will be made!
Run with straight real niggas
READY TO TUMBLE! Satellite hurtles toward Earth – and scientists can’t say when or where it will hit
or “stuck” like the roots of a tree
Also, lurking in the back of our freezer are many bizarre species of fish purchased from the net catch at the local markets…never have I seen uglier, smellier fish in my entire life…these fish are not to be eaten for dinner…by anything!!
- As far as what I wore, I loved the additions to my dress - the buttons down the back and the straps, which I was able to remove for the reception. I ordered extra material of the fabric used for the bow and my seamstress at Kleinfeld’s made the straps. I also loved the pin (which was my “something borrowed”), as well as my necklace.
So, it’s Tuesday again. My least favorite day on the schedule, because I’m supposed to tell you something about me. Last week, I told you about my obsession with lipstick. This week…
MOVIE QUOTE: Anna: Why don’t you just kill us?
Let me know if you’ve had any good experiences with these kind of mechanics!
MALLORY: Mama and Papa want to take me away.
Drone aircraft and satellites are watching us 24/7
Those vaccines screw you up BAD. So here you take a baby who comes into the world without any defects and then you are told to vaccinate them to prevent them from getting sick. So they give your baby a TB shot and that disease lays dormant during the child’s younger years but then as the child develops and gets into adolescence, things start going screwy on them and you begin to attribute that to just normal teen behavior and it’s something far more sinister . Then you find out one day that those shots your child received during her infancy are wreaking havoc in her body. The TB shots have affected her at the cellular level to where the cells in her body cannot communicate properly with her organs and glands. Essentially your daughter is RNA deficient. She feels out of sorts and you try to help her, she gets temporary relief but nothing lasting. A few days later she’s back to feeling chaotic inside. She even confesses that she’s beginning to feel like if she could only turn to some substance for temporary relief, that would be better than nothing.
We have this incredible new exhibition space in the Resnick Pavilion. That’s really kind of a great playground for our thinking about the installation here. Tim and his assistants came to see the space where the Eye for the Sensual exhibition is currently on view. That installation is very spectacular, with its custom wall coverings and columns and the recreation of this elegant interior from another time. We discussed the possibility of retaining some aspects of that décor and transforming it into a Burtonesque version—adding a sense of dilapidation evoking the types of interiors he creates in his films.
In a victim impact-statement, the girl said she now had trouble sleeping and suffered continual flashbacks to the event.
thoughts lay heavy in my mind
The shine of your crown.
“You like me to touch you?” or “Can I kiss you on the cheek?” or “I like your strong body. You make me horny.” is enough conversation for most men to smile and enjoy the full hour of eroticism without Nuan doing what she prefers to save for her live-in English lover.”
so much for the sweet, young, Catholic girl..........
* The completion of the cycle creates an energetic springboard that gives humans remarkable “Ascended” abilities;
i'm one proud utah girl!
Jimmy Horio - Tokyo Giants
We had a FULL day of fun here! No meltdowns, (from the kids or me LOL)
Before the screening of Lebanon, Akiva Tor invoked the memory of the late Yitzchak Rabin, paraphrasing remarks Israel’s current Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu made at the memorial service held at Herzl cemetery in Israel. Bibi described how Rabin united the Israeli populace, evolving from a security hawk to a peace-seeking, and more importantly peace-believing dove. Despite media portrayals to the contrary, Netanyahu emphasized that Israel is less polarized today than it was when Rabin was its leader. Living through the collective trauma of the collapse of Oslo and the Second Intifada, the Right understands the Left better today, with the reverse being equally true. He ended by noting that the country is in fact more like Rabin today.
Moffat explained: "I've got various plans, but all I can say emphatically is it will be huge. There's lot of decisions we're making that are about making all that possible. It'll be amazing."
Zoë arrived on March 1st, a whole week early. Which surprised me, as I was convinced she'd be late. Maybe it was something to do with the full moon the previous night. Either way, she was in quite a hurry to make her way into the world.
One of the personal accessories that have managed to sustain their status as the exclusive fashion accessories over the decades is the wrist watches. The wrist watches are still revered in the same manner as they were a century ago. Despite the invention of the contemporary gadgets, no one can deny the charisma and the importance of a striking wrist watch.
It is quite simple to prepare but you need time to clean the squid, from removing the outer film off the skin, eyes and hard substance found on the head but retaining the ink sac. If more ink is used it turns more darker tone.
I missed the Arizona sign. Shoot, I can get it any time…I live by the border,only south.
Heat the oven to 350F. Cream teh butter and sugars until fluffy and pale — 2-3 minutes on medium-high in a mixer with a paddle attachment. Scrape down the sides of the mixing bowl with a spatula. Stir in the ggs, then paddle the mixtur eon medium-high for 3 minutes until its homogenous and fluffy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl again.
There are too many people. Something something Darwin. Something something border fence. Al Gore is fat. Rush Limbaugh is fat.
If it wasn’t so tragic I would laugh.
Pull on stretch jeans with ludicrously low rise. ($5 from Kmart)
Last week I was gifted with a ‘plein air’ watercolor workshop given by Lynn Onley. Plein air painting is a familiar concept today, but in the late 1800s when the Impressionists ventured out of their studios into nature to investigate and capture the effects of sunlight and different times of days on a subject, it was quite revolutionary. We met at Porteau Cove, which is situated overlooking Howe Sound, 38 km north of Vancouver on the Sea-to-Sky Highway on the way to Whistler. Interestingly, I learnt that an old ship has been sunk in the bay, so as well as attracting outdoor enthusiasts, scuba divers and marine biologists come here to explore the depths of the ocean. A pebble beach slopes gently into Howe Sound in Porteau Cove. On summer days when the tide is low and the sun high, the warm rocks heat the incoming waters, making swimming here a pleasure. Lynn Onley who gave the workshop, is the daughter of Toni Onley, one of Canada’s most celebrated artists. His landscapes have always provided a special significance for Canadians in reviving an appreciation for our surroundings. Lynn Onley following in her father’s footsteps is an accomplished artist herself. I felt very privileged, and excited to have the opportunity to learn the art of watercolor from Lynn Onley as passed down to her from her celebrated father Toni Onley.
10. Nancy Sinatra - Ain't No Easy Way
Tweedie also cautioned that with two U.S. members of the IASB nearing the end of their terms, the U.S. would lose influence over the shape of IFRS unless the SEC commits to international standards. Other countries are eager to step in and set the future agenda for IFRS, including more attention to agriculture accounting and foreign currency exchange.
I love my pitchfork. I use it for harvesting some food, turning compost, loading up the wheel barrow with soil amendments. A couple of good hand tools for the garden.
As we continue our audit and make changes accordingly, this page will be updated to reflect the most current information. This information is current as of May 1, 2012
As for the one year contract, there are several quite reputable agents who do that. They give you a year and if they can't sell it, you're released from the agency.
As you seek out specific individuals ask God to place the same anointing He has on your life on those individuals so His vision which is your vision will become their vision (Numbers 11:16-17). Ask that they will be loyal and committed and love the Lord with their whole heart. That they are clean from within the heart – because we all know that what comes out of a man is what defiles him (Matthew 15:11 & 18). That they will desire to use their gifts and talents to glorify him by being used through your organization.
Well, after all that wittering, I had the most fabulous Christmas Day. Family, food, fun, presents, love and laughter! I scored majorly with a Kindle AND a coffee machine. Sweeeeet! But you know, I could have happily skipped the presents and just have been content with the family surrounding me all day.
She still did not die, but her leg was badly broken. After it healed, Lucky's little claw stuck out to the side at a 90-degree angle to the rest of her fluffy body, so she hopped around on only one leg and looked like an avian version of Richard III.
Then i found some card that matched really nicely and cut it into the right size for
I could be that guy who struggled his whole life to make it, and when he finally landed a hit, landed it with a song so heinous, he will forever be known as the guy who wrote the song that made millions of people want to gouge out their eardrums and run shrieking from the room.
4. Brave
What the publisher's blurb says:
We were able to look at several properties out in the country while we were there and narrowed our search down to 3 or 4 tracts that look promising. They were wooded areas with some clearing areas where we could build our house. The wildflowers were beautiful, but of course, I forgot my camera!
And find
Back to the diary:
If you run/train with a partner or group, keep in mind this…run your pace and run your race. It’s good practice for race day to accomplish your goals.
So much reflection means so much over-thinking on my part, you know those thoughts that we're all subject to:
I enjoy going to Twin Lakes, and I enjoy North Huntingdon Township, because I’m still involved with the ambulance service here.
Grill about 3 minutes on each side until nicely charred.
...So I appear to have lost two followers after yesterday's post. Was it the swearing? Was it the fact that I find all this anti-ground zero mosque thing ridiculous? Do I smell? Do you? Oh, well, your loss. 'Cause I am not going to change my potty mouthing socialist ways for ANYONE. Well, maybe the police, but NOT YOU, you hear me? (Um, that was more crazy than random, sorry.)
We thought this time it might be fun to have another colour challenge.
Summer (Yay!): July-August
But in many ways it was still good. I got lots of lovely Happy 21st Birthday wishes from friends and family via Facebook, Twitter, Myspace, text messages, phone calls, snail mail. You name it! I also got a couple of presents including my lovely present from my man. It was a very glamorous ruffled red top from a store in the city that I always enjoy visiting to admire the beautifully designed and adorned clothing that was always a bit too pricey for me. Hah, I am such a scab when it comes to buying clothes. I'm the quintessential bargain hunter.
Until the last second.
Not only have I saving myself money but time! not to mention my freezer looks organized! I know exactly what is in it now!
our women have given up on getting their men to do what they want until they find a how to book written by Steve Harvey. They start using his advice about relationships, and their men start falling in line, until the men discover what the women have been doing, then the war is on. I attended a near-midnight screening of this movie with pretty much the same expectations as I would have for Tyler Perry movies in general. I quite like Tyler Perry movies but this movie is beyond comparison.
I hope they know just how much it means to us to be noticed!
The Kannada cinema and television industry has failed to internalise the fact that it is a for-profit industry run by private individuals and not some government-funded public goods with a charitable motive.
I am more familiar with root beer as a soft drink, and as soft drink I love it. It is uncommon in the UK but when I find it I enjoy it. The Spoons have it on as a soft drink in their pubs, Sainsbury’s occasionally stock 2 litre bottles of the pop, but root beer has never really taken off in the UK. The UK has its fair share of unusual soft drinks, so I’m guessing an overall lack of demand for a classic American pop.
Transparency
In case you are not familiar with Marr, I’d like to introduce you to this creative and original poet and artist. Marr was born in Taiwan and has published a total of seventeen books of poetry in Chinese, two books of essays and several books of translations in Taiwan, Hong Kong, and China. His two books of poetry in English, Autumn Window (1st ed. 1995, 2nd ed. 1996, Arbor Hill Press, Chicago) and Between Heaven and Earth (2010, PublishAmerica, Baltimore) are distributed at www.amazon.com. His poems are included in over one hundred anthologies, ranging from literary textbooks to special collections, and have been translated into more than ten languages.
There’s trouble in the wind, my boys, there’s trouble in the wind,
Avoiding its soft voice and gleaming eye.
“Morning breathe pa ko hon!”
“I guess not… but you were steering clear from them. Are you on the run or something?” Derrek said with a small breath of relief, it made his tone come across as apologetic.
c = 261.63, a = 440, d = 293.66, g = 392 = I want to eat
The Pakistani Taliban said they carried out the attack to avenge the death of Osama Bin Laden earlier this month.
The best managers have a fundamentally different understanding of workplace, company, and team dynamics. See what they get right.
How are the thoughts contained in these definitions translated to photography?
It was Jeremy Clarkson in a motorised scooter decked out in ostrich feathers. He opened his throttle and grinned that offish grin he has. I kicked my heels one, twice, and thrice into Patrick’s flanks but I can only assume that he was as shocked as I to see the nation’s top curly perm blazing past.
After those hours I was able to distill the brief down to one short, clauseless sentence. Not a 37 word sentence. A short, honest sentence. My partner and I then had something workable to work from. The only thing left to do that point was to take that single sentence and find a way to be creative with it.
I have been thinking...do I really want another 2011?
when distance taunts with dangers word
I'm sorry I couldn't help you.
Band of Brides demands more love! Band of Brides demands more frequent sunsets, brighter Northern lights and bigger halos! Band of Brides demands that all swimming pools be filled with pink water! Band of Brides demands more weddings for everyone!
3. What do you like most about being a consultant? I am able to spend my time with my family and still do what I love to do.
ANGELA: Yes, but there grandfather is also helping out right now.
How cool is that? I decided to do a google search of my name to see what I would find. I found that there is an author, who happens to spell her name the same way, with the same name as mine. She also happens to have a Word Press blog. If you have a chance, check her out at http://lynnreynolds.wordpress.com/ If you also stop over to Amazon, today she has a free copy of her book “Love Capri Style” that you can grab. It’s a romance which is another thing we have in common. I couldn’t resist signing up for her newsletter.
Eastbourne has also has had interests in timber, including Belian, and oil palm.
For this, you take some clear hair developer (hydrogen peroxide), dish soap and food colouring and add to it some yeast in water and boom - toothpaste for a giant:
Overall, the progress has been fantastic and I'm really very pleased with her. Her "owner" (the man who owns the foal) came by last night to drop off a blanket... I wanted to pick his brain and ask him a million questions about her but my evening chores called me and by the time I could stop to ask he was gone. D'oh! I may have a lead on where she came from though... no guarantees but stay tuned for that!
In Aug 2010, I completely failed at the program, giving up right before the 20-minute run of Week 5. In Jan/Feb 2011, I completed the program, working until I could easily run 45 mins straight. Still, my pace was so slow that I could walk faster than I ran, and I was no where near an actual 5K. Plus, when I tried to run outside, I couldn't go for longer than 5 minutes at a time. I decided I needed to transition to outdoor training, and did so in April/May of 2011, but no matter how hard I worked, I could never run longer than a mile. Slowly, I realized that the reason I could go so much longer in my living room than outdoors was because I ran a lot faster outside. My pace was closer to 12 minutes/mile outdoors, and closer to 17-18 minutes/mile indoors. I had a hard time slowing down when I ran outside, but I couldn't maintain the faster time for longer than a mile or so.
4. Follow Frugal Mommy of 2 Girls
It is good to see ourselves as others see us. Try as we may, we are never
Said Cinders:
I'm not talking spiritually here, (obviously, this is the most important holiday as far as my faith is concerned) but just as a general get together time, Easter has never been a favourite holiday for me. I much prefer Christmas. Not this year, I think Easter won out. Thank you to our family and friends who made it such a wonderful time.
And just the other day I finally witnessed a classroom which embraced this philosophy as well. I was observing one of my student teachers leading a lesson at the Harris Nature Center, near Lansing. All children were dressed for the spring day, and were actively engaged in a lesson about ecosystems - surrounded by the birds singing, wind blowing, trees and flower budding, and the sound of the river running. The sun also cooperated, which was great because it was chilly in the wind.
So sadly to report, my sewing machine has been in the shop since Saturday. I think (hope?) it'll be good to go in the morning, but I haven't heard anything from the shop yet to confirm that. :( When I talked to the repair man, he talked fondly about my little machine, so I know it's being well taken care of, at least.
“I’m twelve.”
flaw.” Relatable? Only to people
Unfortunately, South Africa developed a comprehensive series of racial caste laws, formalized in 1948 as “apartheid.” Whites had the most rights, followed by “coloureds” (immigrants from Asia), with blacks at the very bottom.
For investment, termed as subside to the education. Let say each year we have scholarship given to 2000 guys, can somebody tell me the return. How many did eventually stay and work live and behave like us to be one of us? I remember on of our former PM said that multi national come to Singapore because we do not copy. Now we are bring the copying machine here to copy our system and skill. These foreigners we invested will come to live, eat, earn, and by the time they graduate, grown their wings and can fly, they will just fly away, and say poooi ! to us. I heard that it is around $100 million per year, wow, how nice for us to spent, unless we are informed of the success rate.
If you already have your markers in the plastic marker cases, and you only have a couple hundred markers, not the full collection, you can just pull out the carry pouches and it will easily hold your existing plastic cases.
Wegener’s approach, through Samplify, is to compress the data so you don’t need to move as many bits between the processors and memory. Hence the Samplify slogan: “…simply the bits that matter.” Wegener’s argument is pretty simple. Assume, for example, you could compress the data stream by 2x, removing half of the bits from the memory stream. That’s the same thing as doubling the existing memory bandwidth, which is like doubling the DDR data rate once again or doubling the width of the memory interface. What’s it cost to do that? About 100K gates says Wegener. At current lithographies, that fits under a bond pad, he adds.
Party on our own”
probably Jews too
I figured this would be a good post to start anew with. When I was a child I loved the Tintin books, reading them over and over again. I am not sure how I feel about the movie (it will, most certainly, be completely different to what I saw in my head when I read the books), but the screenplay is co-written by none other than Steven Moffat, the guy who has made Doctor Who truly brilliant. So I don’t think I’ll worry too much for the moment.
04. Won’t Stop (prod. by Mdusu)
I had been watching Hungry Girl on the Cooking channel. She makes tons of classics, with a healthy spin. Perf!
Hi! I’m Hypia, I live in Brazil, I’m 23 years old, and I’m online friends with Lindsey. When Lindsey asked me if I’d like to write a guest post I almost jumped in front of my computer!!!
They come in two sizes, the small ones are five in a pack and contain, 1 each of five colours, turquoise, black, silver, pink and red. The larger ones have four in a pack and have 1 each of cerise, turquoise, silver and black. I'm don't think they are on the website yet, but if you fancy some just email Mei and she will get it sorted for you.
Open source technology has always been the first choice for web service providers as well as clients. The biggest USP of such web application technology is it’s free to access easy and simple syntax. Ruby on Rails framework is one such tool which has given high productivity with least development time and gained much popularity. Ruby on Rails Developers and ROR programmers enjoy working on Ruby on Rails Development with its simplicity and capability to develop full dynamic application with much less code and time. This entirely not only benefits the service providing company but also their client in terms of cost-effectiveness and resources.
Will also need a 9 inch loose bottom flan tin.
Inevitably, Om discovers Shantipriya’s secret and his heart is broken. Again Farah Khan manages to take some poignant moments and intersperse them with some classic filmi devices to make the resulting song both sad and funny.
Patti Smith Group Because the night US
Yes, I think we did.
“We are all so goddamned busy trying to leave a mark in this world, trying to change it that we never realize how the world has marked us – how we’ve been changed by it. And how that in itself is the only thing that can ever really live forever. Everyone is dying to be venerated. Everyone is dying to leave something of importance behind long after their corpse has fed the soil and pushed up daisies. Everyone is dying for an affirmation that we were alive. Dying for reverence. Dying for remembrance. WE WERE HERE. WE WERE HERE. WE WERE ALIVE. We are all dying so entirely that we never truly lived.”
Here's an argument against internalism that Bergmann defends in the first half of his recent book, Justification without Awareness.
Here's my Dad and I (and Joe), just exiting the bike trail.
*Tools: Perfect Layers; Stampin' Up! scallop border punch; Big Shot; Snowflakes Cuttlebug embossing folder
Bayern Brewing
Palmitate – See Palmitic Acid.
might I then erase the truth
Romney Asserted He Was A Reluctant Politician, Convinced To Run For Governor By Panicked Republicans Who Wanted A Winner. "Romney also cast himself as a reluctant politician, focusing instead on his 25-year business career and stint helping to resurrect the financially troubled 2002 Salt Lake City Winter Olympics. 'When I came home, some people in the Massachusetts Republican Party encouraged me to run for office and said, 'We need somebody who can win and who can fix Massachusetts,' Romney said." (The Associated Press, 12/21/07)
Graduation Dessert will be Sunday, May 6 at 7 pm
"my braid long hair art" - This holds promises. How do I get my braid long? How do I create long hair art? What on earth am I supposed to imagine under "hair art"?!
The chocolate however was very tasty, and I look forward to snacking on the rest over the weekend.
At the end of each month, we will randomly choose one comment to win the picture book prize. In addition, everyone who comments is eligible to receive a $5 discount on my Show Me How book. Please join in the fun...you will be helping build your child's self-esteem and literacy skills and it will be great to see what other parents are reading and doing...we can all use fresh ideas!
And what a fun coincidence that the canister matches my new walls! You know what else matches? Everything in my shower. Yup - my shampoo, conditioner, body wash, body puff, shave gel AND razor are all shades of pink and purple. I swear this was not planned - but I do wonder if I was unconsciously influenced?
Soon they will be able to sing.
"In my opinion, you haven't written enough about the two moons. I'd like you to give it more concrete detail. That's my only request."
I don’t know if you have this problem (and it’s going to sound like a weird one), but sometimes I have to hard getting up and going to the bathroom. No, not like that (though that has happened a few times…hush, it happens to us all). But the actual physical act of getting to the bathroom.
Okay back to the project HEHHE. My project today as I said before is all about luuuuuuuuuv lol. I colored Gilli Celtic, which is an also perfect image to color for St Patrick;s day..just throw some greens and color that curly hair red and you got a cute Irish gal! Not as much as the amazing one you see doing the Irish dances..OMG I love that!. One day I will see in person. Any who…
In the end, Boy Smyth has five dead bodies and two burning buildings at his farm and the most feared man in the United States crying outside his front gate.
*based on teaching from the Evidence Bible*
Sometimes it hurts more to mend a relationship than it does to break it. In this story, Brittany Hunt describes the final days of Kathleen, a terminally ill cancer patient, who has moved in with her daughter and grandson.
Intelligence and a very keen mind are your two great assets—use them well. You quickly and easily learn anything that catches you fancy; but once the knowledge is stored, you go on to other things, rather than delve into it deeply. This versatility is the foundation of the many talents you possess, which make it problematic at times to decide just what it is you wish to express. Enthusiasm reigns for a time, and you manage to transmit this excitement to others. Then suddenly your interest changes and you quickly go on to something else.
1. He went into His Father’s business,
Quite why the media required of these institutions no argument in support of their case before reporting it is hard to say. Not that this stopped the possibility the DA was in fact Nazi-inspired or apartheid-motivated being evoked in the most vociferous terms and splashed across the papers.
The general election is only seven months away, and, now that Mitt Romney is the presumptive Republican nominee, he will be able to use the persistently high unemployment rate for the past three years as a powerful argument for political change.
Joseph M. Giaccone, 43, Monroe, N.J.
this trip at all!
3. Sentences
Speaking during a debate hosted by I-Net Bridge, Davies said the first round of regulations would include infrastructure such as railways, set-top boxes and Eskom's Medupi power plant.
6pm @ IU AuditoriumSilent art auction with approximately 200 pieces of local art for bid. The event also includes dinner and a live auction (travel & sports packages, local attractions, etc.) to follow.Tickets are $30 at Community Kitchen (Bloomingfoods closer to the event) or at the door. All proceeds benefit Community Kitchen’s hunger relief programs.
It’s Wednesday. You’re halfway through another week, looking forward to another weekend that will probably be over all too soon with another Monday right behind.
precepts, even that which seems to be bleak and hopeless will be turned by
“We're not in the business to glorify conflict in any way,” he said. “But we want to show the younger generation of Canadians the rich heritage and rich legacy of their forefathers. We want to tell the story of Canada in those difficult years.”
Question the Querulous,
I was just getting over writing that blog about that huge Titanoboa snake on display in New York, and of course still feeling a bit sad that Jon Voight got eaten up by an Anaconda, when I came across yet another story about something really huge…..RATS!
Either way, in symbolic terms, people associate Libya with a dictatorship.
No doubt the guests tomorrow night in London will be too polite to raise such delicate matters with the guest of honour.
Break them into smaller pieces.
I wish I had a more elaborate way of celebrating. I would have loved to have done a blog event where I could have asked friends to contribute a virtual party recipe, or perhaps have had a giveaway - I do so badly want to do a giveaway. Unfortuantely, as you can see by the dearth of new recipes - and by the fact that the actual blogiversary was yesterday - that I don't have much time for thinking about my blog these days. I do hope that will eventually change, but for now, I do apologize for the lack of content. I also apologize for the lack of a giveaway. Another thing I don't have besides time is food companies wanting me to show off their products!
Minimizing is a less extreme form of denial. When minimizing, the abuser may not deny that a particular event occurred, but they question the recipient’s emotional experience or reaction to an event. Statements such as “You’re too sensitive,” “You’re exaggerating,” or “You’re blowing this out of proportion” all suggest that the recipient’s emotions and perceptions are faulty and not to be trusted.
Some of the highlights to the show today includes 2NE1′s performance of ‘Can’t Nobody’ and ‘Clap Your Hands’, V.O.S with ‘Full Story’ and the goodbye stage for TaeYang with live stage of ‘I’ll Be There’.
permanent ink. The flesh raw after she was done with it.
Well, I've wanted a chest freezer for some time. Ever since Bubba quietly mentioned that it might be a possibility and then definitely after I visited my sister and saw hers and just knew I needed one, too.
* Avant-garde, neo-minimalist Japanese fashion from the last 30 years (1980-2010) by the likes of Issey Miyake, Yohji Yamamoto and Junya Watanabe in the Barbican show "Future Beauty"
As many of my readers are my family and friends, this news will not be new to you. To those of you who aren't up to speed - settle in.
Written by: Robert Holmes
As some of you already know I have stopped taking the little blue pills so I now have to deal with the anxieties of my mind and life organically without the use of drugs.
Where I’m going:
Dare Macintosh is a professional mercenary and is on a mission to find his best friends sister who has been taken. Dare accomplishes his mission but is now strapped with another complication. He picks up Molly who was there with Alani but Molly did not fit the right image to human trafficking. Dare knew she would not survive so he took her as it was the right thing to do. But Dare has questions and only this woman would be able to tell him.
Do you have any special ways to beat the hype of excessive gifts?
It was also good to see some familiar faces who I hadn’t seen in a while, the 1Xtra team were out in full force, Sandy, Rhodri, Nick Bright, Austin and MistaJam. I also got to meet Sincere, a rapper everyone will have heard of very soon.
As you exhale see this energy flowing outward from you and surrounding Ruby, Shaun and Summer.
Perhaps Tati is present in the film. In addition to a brief scene featuring Mon Oncle playing in an old theater, Chomet has captured Tati/Hulot’s postures, gait, and mannerisms perfectly. The magician carries an umbrella and even wears the same bow-tie and raincoat and, in one scene, even has the hat of Mr. Hulot. The magician has the same awkward second-guess step and toe-tilting rigidity and balance that Mr. Hulot possessed. His hands always find their way to his hips or outstretched innocently behind him. The magician is a lovingly molded caricature. Where the characters in Triplets and Old Lady were hilariously grotesque exaggerations, the characters of The Illusionist seem to be sculpted with more compassion. Much like Wall-e, the magician’s relative silence and absence of a wide range of facial expression do not hinder the audience from understanding exactly what is transpiring in that little animated brain. His quiet demeanor only give us more understanding of his plight and give him more sympathy.
Maybe you don't find this expensive beer thing worrying at all? Is gueuze and lambic a special case?
I should say this. Nope!
At last I can settle and write about our time over Christmas and the snowy period. We spent the festive season with my sister, in her house. Which is a bit like going on holiday for us. Troy was very lucky in that he was able to have a room to himself, as normally he has to share with me. This was a great adventure for him, as well as great comfort for me. It is the first time he has had a room for just him and his things, so he has spent a lot of time in this space creating and just being himself. This is something most kids take for granted, unless they have to share with an older sibling, but Troy moved from sharing with me as a baby to living in a van. He does have his own space in the van as he sleeps above the driving cab, but it is not the same as a whole room to oneself.
a river of stone
5. Learning Non-chemical Coping Skills
they are precious - as are mama and mimi.
