Last night...poor photo..sorry.
This weeks show, screened on Monday 28 September, gave the white Norwegian whalers of Durban a good beating. This whaling enterprise established by two Norwegians, Jacob Egeland and Johan Bryde, lasted intermittently for a about 70 years. Durban’s whaling operation was shut down in 1975. An international ban on all commercial whaling was imposed in 1986, in a bid to save the planet’s remaining whales. This occurred at a time when the so-called Apartheid Regime was still in full swing, but no mention was made that it was in fact the Apartheid Regime that stopped the slaughtering of whales in this country. When the story of Mahatma Gandhi featured in the same episode, the presenters were again quick to remind viewers that this man was thrown off a train at Pietermaritzburg after refusing to move from the first class to a third class coach while holding a valid first class ticket, and that it was the “Draconian Racial Policies” of the government that caused this terrible incident.
Always $12.00
Next time, use only prayers…!
Subtle aroma with a rather potent attack to the palate.
"There's a difference in philosophy."
"What's this?"
After rampid thoughts of just showing up with tube cinnamon rolls and telling her,
Still, there are some things about this contest that make me shake my head.
Sometimes it’s nice to know that you have people looking out for you! This morning I got an email from a friend who runs a great local blog, Central Florida Top 5. He asked me if I was participating in a local event for the 2012 Food Blogger Bake Sale. I had no idea there was even a local event going on. But now I am signed up, so excited and ready to tell you about it!
Heavenly Father, you have blessed us with much, family, food, home, and love. During this season of Thanksgiving, we remember that for those of us who are so bountifully blessed, much is expected. How can we share what we have with others? This is a season where random acts of kindness, small and grand, are gifts to others, but always more so for those giving the gift.
Only the icing on the cake is done with the red leaves ink.
picture of the façade improvements and detailed cost documentation, including canceled checks,
The O’Neill court also struck defendant’s supplemental notice of discovery and inspection, which sought production of all electronic and written data from plaintiff’s computer, cell phone, personal digital assistant, and postings to his social media sites, as well as authorizations to access this information. Reiterating the well-settled principles that “the test is one of usefulness and reason” and that “a party does not have the right to uncontrolled and unfettered disclosure,” the court held that defendant had failed to establish “any foundation” to warrant access to plaintiff’s electronic writings or social media accounts. The court noted that defendant had not deposed plaintiff on such issues, which “might” have provided the necessary foundation.
pain
Falconer has included people who are prominent in their respective professions and have impressive sounding titles that bring a degree of gravitas to the proceedings but he has kept very quiet about their personal views. This will effectively fool most casual observers and media people not that familiar with the broader cast in this whole debate.
Also, I think I am finally convinced that time may really be the 4th dimension, although to me a spatial dimension is something you should be able to move 2 directions in. But the Moebius Strip analogy really serves to explain why you can only perceive going one direction in the 4th dimension. I think there still might be “extra spatial dimensions” between the 3rd dimension, and what this animation calls the 4th dimension. But I might just be full of crap. :)
Flat Earth Belgian Pale Ale
So you go in and climb a flight of stairs and arrive at another full size Marine (two in one day! Overload!!) then some display cabinets. The army in there at the minute is really impressive; every model almost is converted. Unfortunately I lack pictures of this but it was a real inspiration.
Music has a power all on its own the essence of pure unadulterated emotion. Growing up I went through divorce, foster care, depression, bullying and every problem a young adult typically goes through in Canada. During this time I learnt the true value of music.
When I see you
A genocide that has been cunningly planned all along by the ANC and equally as cunningly executed. A genocide that is justified by apartheid and the victims thereof acceptable losses for redressing of “Past injustices”. A genocide that is explained away as crime. A genocide that the ANC government fully approves of, fully encourages, fully supports and fully endorses by its absolute refusal to do anything about violent crime against whites in South Africa.
If you're going to go for the leather look, don't do the fake stuff. It's stinky, it's sweaty and it looks cheap and tawdry.
I think It must be the old fashioned kind with hands. That is what I have most in my house. Though I have digital on the appliances, but I always look at the kind with hands to see what time it is, when I look, I mean, most the time I never look. I try to go by the way the sun is in the sky.
Linzey
Let me admit upfront that my own infantile behavior is very likely a major cause of the situation. After all, I believe kiddies are a reflection of their parents. Which must explain why I finally had to censor the dinnertime conversation. For some reason this one particular topic kept coming up, over and over. Now I know what it must be like to read my blog regularly considering I had to make Rule #1. Hear ye, hear ye:
Today, the sermon at our church was on miracles and how God uses them to bring glory to Himself and to grow faith in us. It is always exciting to recount what God has done and give testimony, both Biblical and current, to His might and majesty.
I am that person who arrived at the SCBWI conference with all her hopes packed in a bag. I was looking for something ... and it was not just an agent, not just a publishing deal, not just tips on how to write ... I was looking for a way of life.
a barrier colour of fury
In this practical guide, the authors….
Tues - Mongolian Beef with Sticky Rice. This is just like the restaurant, all precooked ready to heat and eat
For small businesses, positive returns are often present with hyperlocal newspapers because the papers publish community news and events. By association, your ad finds its way onto a local reader’s radar screen. Smaller community newspapers may be eight to forty pages, often in a tabloid size. Some of those pages will be dedicated to local advertising, where the ad rates run on the cheap side. That’s because the publication will be smaller and doesn’t have the cost structure of the major-metro newspaper. Small community newspapers are actually growing, even while their larger counterparts are struggling.
When credit card statement due and the paycheck from new job yet to ready, then we started to get panic and need to squeeze every cent of saving to pay for credit card payment first, cause we do not want to get our creditability spoiled, we dont want to pay the unnecessary interest for being late payment. That's the moment, we started to feel the bitter moment for being spent unwisely due to joy of getting new job; this is a portrait to a working class.
I opened Wikipedia, hit random article, and this was the first to pop up. Enjoy.
Within Canada, to many, the good General is a hero, a Canadian legend, an iconic Canadian. There are schools named after the man. None in Europe, mind you, and especially not Belgium. Indeed in Belgium he was a wanted man for prosecution of his actions or lack thereof in Rwanda.
Then we need to go to a baby store because we have another baby box to get out, yaayy for more free baby stuff, lolol!!
* Add pre-incarnation age as value of Life Experience.
routine so hopefully I will be back to blogging
image from war44.com
When the moment of guilt takes over
1,078: Days Since Harry Reid's Senate Has Passed A Budget Resolution.(S. Con. Res. 13, Roll Call 173 ; 4/29/09)
As they travel, the landscape slowly changes. More ruins appear on the horizon. The land becomes marshier and less idyllic than the rolling lands around Ravengro. A light drizzle becomes their constant companion. By the second evening on the road, everyone is thoroughly dampened and ready for whatever rest they can find under a convenient tree. Until they come across the traveling carnival.
Nothing can beat, when you plan an early morning start but start at 8: 30.
Though a large part of Anna's spirit seems to be quite malicious, Cas isn't scared off easily. He's determined to find out how she died- why she's so powerful and vengeful- but after a few very unfortunate events, he realizes that he's got something much larger and much more powerful than the ghost of a teenage girl on his hands.
“That’s not funny,I know he’s dead, that’s why I called you. So you could see for yourself.” Jacobs looked like he was starting to unravel.
PAUL: …and we have to worry about that. I think there’s — I — I worry about overreaction, over concern and lack of ability to talk to them when they call you.
Those who follow a particular belief do so in hopes that their religion will lead them to a successful afterlife. We expect our religious leaders to help us follow the chosen path. They are God’s servants and not constables. Leave crime solving to Caesar’s servants – this world and the next will be better off.
Here are a couple of considerations of how you might go about capturing user experiences with sketches.
This week I bought new patio furniture. It's pretty cool and it was on sale. Plus I had a coupon for and additional $15.00 off. The normal person will make sure the vehicle they're driving is big enough to bring this purchase home in. Not me. I knew the chairs would fit in the back of my Equinox, wasn't really sure the table would. Needless to say the table didn't, until it was removed from the box. Seriously, who needs to see behind them as they drive? Not me. Seriously, the car was crammed full. Getting everything out was almost as much fun as getting the care loaded. We enjoyed a beer outside Friday evening, Saturday morning we indulged in coffee and breakfast outside, and then Sunday we had a late lunch outside. I did some BBQ chicken, potato planks, and a salad. Let's discuss potato planks. They're crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside. The key to making these successfully is a hot oven, thinly slice potatoes, and nonstick aluminum foil. The nonstick foil is so they don't stick. I used a mandolin to slice the potatoes to a uniform thickness.
This was not a day I cared for as a child after a certain point in my growing up, or even as an adult child. My mother is dead now so the issue is moot except where my own kids are concerned. I get phone calls on the appointed day just because they do love me (at least I hope that's what motivates them), unlike my own feelings for my mother whom I did not like very much and held any love I might have had for her in abeyance so that any call or gift she got from me was strictly out of duty. She was a selfish self centered woman and I could expect no real affection or even interest in my life from her in return. Our jobs as her children; my sister, my brother, and I; were to orbit her
" Voortrekker or " Trekker" is applied to those who moved in more or less mass emigration from the Cape frontier to the north at the end of the 1830s.
Thank you and have a great Monday!
I, like everyone else, have my baggage – you don’t need to know about it, you just need to know that if you have baggage, I get it – I know what it’s like, and never mind the half empty glass, I know what it’s like to be at the very bottom of the glass. But what I’ve come to understand is that while life throws curved balls and it can deal a shitty hand – it’s ultimately it’s up to the individual to decide how to play the game. You can curl up and die or you can find solutions.
I have not followed superhero comics since the eighties, but recently on a Finnish comic book forum I happened to come across a thread complaining about how superheroines are always posing sexily for the male reader. I was reading Cimiteria at the time and realized that even though the series is partially porn, the heroine hardly ever poses for the "camera", which I found both ironic and satisfying: she's so fucking cool she doesn't need to! And in any case her adventures contain plenty of stuff that's definitely not designed for the male eye, the following "story" being a good example. But before we start, to avoid giggling, please repeat to yourself:
I think I can hear my name. How can it call my name? The wind is meowing, mocking my ears. It must be.
Much of that sounds very lovely, but what 'organic' tells me almost nothing about - is the taste, type, and character of a beer. As a consequence, I tend to find the word a little bewildering and uninspiring when I see it written on any bottle's label.
Come si chiama?
Gold: Flying Mouflan, Troegs Brewery, Harrisburg, PA
One night, I go to clock out, and I find the entire staff of workers (minus the supervisor) from the warehouse/production side of the business waiting in the lobby of the building as I punched out for the day.
6 ova
The author, Craig Silvey, wrote his first book at age nineteen and completed this second book, Jasper Jones at age 26. Kudos to the young author for such outstanding accomplishments! I'm sure we can look for more from this talented author.
The evening class gave me colleagues and tasks. It helped me think about what I wanted to write and how to go about it. It meant that I looked at other people’s work and thought about how it could improve. It turned me from someone who thought that writing fiction was something I’d like to do one day into someone who sat down and just did it..
Will you win this current battle?
Facilities Maintenance Photography
"Er, hello, it's Mr B from the school. We're ready to go on our excursion and we were just wondering if Joseph was on his way."
This is fine too.
It's like an attack on all fronts. How are we supposed to deal with all of this? And how can we not be angry about it?
Beaver Tails (Flat, long doughnuts)
I can still remember the first time seeing the movie on my dad's wood paneled Zenith on what must have been a local station because we didn't have cable until around 1990. I was eating a salad drenched in blue cheese salad dressing that made me feel sick when the three Stygian witches stirred their cauldron with the hand emerging. I can remember how bad I wanted Bubo the clockwork owl. And I can remember this time and so many others being scared shitless at the scorpion fight, the two headed dog fight, and especially the horrifying (for a kid anyway) Medusa face off.
The silver brass lamp were shot from last year's pongal festival at home.
Gordon Gekko (Michael Douglas), Wall Street (1987)
(Insert more laughter.)
He swings, he connects, it’s high, it’s caught. It’s all over.
Gospel: John 10:1-10
4 falls
What results does it produce?
Confirm, O Lord, your servant with your Holy Spirit.
It’s time to apply the same rules from top to bottom: No bailouts, no handouts, and no copouts. An America built to last insists on responsibility from everybody.
Your antivirus is up-to-date, and you use good passwords.. right? (And.. not the same one for everything???)
wild straw splash, silk spools
I think digital tyres probably have a kevlar liner.
Leo Graham - Big Tongue Buster
One aside works well in that Phil Parkin creates his own tick by brewing a Thornbridge Jaipur variant on a brewery visit, nicely connecting the visit with the theme of ticking.
We like to scour thrift stores and garage sales for puzzles at great prices. Garage sale season is over in our area, so I am going to head to the thrift store to see what I can find. The last time I searched our local thrift stores, I found several puzzles of 500 pieces or more and the prices ranged from 29 cents to 69 cents each. Now
# 1 : Ender’s Game (1985) by Orson Scott Card
So all I managed to pick up were a pack of two sleep suits, But I may use them for the day time since there so jazzy and colourful.
-haven't done any more sewing on my table toppers,
We start out strong
Blackjacks, are you ready for a new season of zany antics from your favorite girl group? Be sure to stay tuned for more details on the program!
What I love about this mascara:
as for this weekend, i don't have any particular time goal in mind - just cross the finish and collect point #2 of the year :D
Clipix even has an IPhone App, so I can see all my clipboards when I am on the go and I can also add new clips by taking photos of things I see. The possibility are endless, so what are you waiting for? Go to www.clipix.com and get organize. I Love your comment, so drop me a line.
THIS is a built-in app that I forget about, but that the kids LOVE to play with when given the opportunity. You snap pictures and then can manipulate them in Photo Booth. The only drawback students have commented on is that you can’t bring in other pictures to manipulate. That’s reserved for photo manipulation programs.
If Ms. Romney truly believed that the work of being a mother is truly important and that she wanted to report back to her husband the real concerns of women, I’m sure that if she really valued her membership in the sorority of mothers who work hard, she would say that women are concerned that their children are not getting the benefit of having their mothers care for them. I would think that if she really felt that being a mom was as hard as her staff tells her it is, I think she would tell Mitt to make sure that he doesn’t gut the social programs that help so many mothers be the kind of mother their children can depend on. If everybody agrees that motherhood is so important, then it should be important even when it is done with the help of government, whether or not the people who run the government think these people have dignity or not.
a message that heroes hold themselves to higher moral standards
He noted several threats to pedestrians in the area, particularly the many seniors who walk there.
If possible, could you grow longer? I’m rather short thanks to you and I would like to be able to buy a pair of pants that are actually at the proper length.
Sport Relief Mile (Running) 25.3.2012
- “Well written and suspenseful.”— Edward, age 14
This has turned out to be much longer than I anticipated, and so I will continue with the other princesses later this week.
South Africa has not been dictated to directly by the IMF but it has followed its advice. It has also complied with WTO prescriptions concerning the abolition of the financial rand and the lifting of trade tariffs. The consequences for the economy and long-term future of our country of exposing ourselves to global economic forces have been disastrous. It may not have been possible to isolate ourselves totally from the realities of a globalising economy, but we have failed to look at where they are inappropriate in the light of South Africa's structural and human realities. We have acted as if, in Margaret Thatcher's words, 'There Is No Alternative' - a point of view often referred to as TINA. But there are alternatives, and not only the Marxist one. In particular there is the alternative offered by New Economics(1).
Well he would say that!
External Scholar: Associate Professor David Cross.
However, today I caught a sudden second wind. A minute on second winds. Ya know when you are exercising and your breath has just upped and walked away from you. You are just ready to quit and rest and coax your normal breath to unite with your body once again. Then something can happen. Maybe your favorite song has come on (that one always gets me), or your end goal suddenly becomes visible, or you think about that ultimate reward, or something, anything. That thing that grabs you, holds on, and carries you. You get that motivation to continue. That is that second wind. You continue to workout, and even better, you exercise harder and stronger than before.
“Fuck you for booting me off the Board. I never even went near Fanny that night”
Thank you to everyone who participated and left a comment!
Children's
this past week has just been a whirlwind for steven and i. if you read my last post, you saw we got mac, our precious puppy. we took him to the groomers last sunday and when we brought him home, we noticed he was having trouble seeing. he kept bumping into walls and was walking cautiously. we took him to the vet that night and they confirmed he couldn't see. they kept him over night, talked to them the next morning. mac was normal, except he just couldn't see. as the week went on and spending almost every night at the vet, mac just kept getting worse. the doctors took tests and said they thought it was a liver shunt. i guess it's very common in yorkies. late saturday night we could tell he was just in pain. he hadn't been himself in the past 3 days. he wasn't playful at all, wouldn't eat or drink. we had to feed with with a syrnge. they kept him again saturday night. called the vet on sunday morning after church and they said he didn't get any better through the night. steven and i had a hard decision to make. there was a surgery possible for mac, but of course very expensive and they weren't sure he was strong enough to survive it. so...sunday morning we made the decision to have him put down. we knew it was best for him, we knew he was in pain.
Bugaboo Cameleon Stroller – Dark Grey Base – Bright Blue Fleece For Sale
think I know and all that is real to me
I think that I have learned from my first week’s trials, and I am proud of myself for taking the bus instead of driving. I will keep my fingers crossed that we get some actual summer weather and that it stays around!
Some never do recover, and for some patients the overexertion is so severe as to be fatal.”
Good value, great atmosphere; we will most certainly be coming back!
Born into a life of secrets and service, Chrysabelle’s body bears the telltale marks of a comarré—a special race of humans bred to feed vampire nobility. When her patron is murdered, she becomes the prime suspect, which sends her running into the mortal world…and into the arms of Malkolm, an outcast vampire cursed to kill every being from whom he drinks.
You are an excellent sleeper and soundly sleep for 10 to 12 hours every single night. You have also traveled in the car from Texas to Ohio and back with Mommy and Daddy. You were an amazing travel companion and enjoyed looking out the window and spending time in hotels.
Rilke’s Orpheus. Now I’m not
As I walked along the country road leading to the estate, I could feel the presence of one of my native guides. Now I must say this wasn’t just any native Indian; he was in fact an ancestor of mine. I had only know this guide for a year or so but, in this time, a very special bond had already developed. I can see him clearly in my mind’s eye. His face is worn with deep-set wrinkles, he had beady brown eyes peeping out beyond the folds of wrinkles that seemed to go on and on and each step was carefully planned to keep a steady balance. His leathery skin revealed years of hard labour. His body was no doubt weak and frail from the years he had spent on this earth yet when he spoke his entire being came to life. The wrinkles began to fade. His eyes sparkled and his tired weary body began to dance. This man was full of life despite the tattered body that carried his aging soul. It was easy to see he was full of wisdom as he had learned much while on this earth.
Is Your Pool Losing Water? Mine Was!
Driving down the M1 to London isn't the most enjoyable experience. Most of the route south from Milton Keynes is through road works and driving down on a Friday afternoon is probably the worst time to do it. It's about 75 miles to the venue from Northampton and we allowed 3 hours to get there. We got lucky.
I was in seventh grade. I was eating left over Easter ham, and through an IM conversation I convinced a friend that there was an orphanage on Warm Springs Avenue called HAMS, and that they had a job opening in the laundry department that her sister could apply for. She completely bought it. That is, until she called me to get more information about the job and I couldn't stop laughing. This was partially inspired by a true story: there really was an orphanage on that street in Boise, once upon a time. Now there are only rich people living in their fancy houses. We used to drive down that street and pick out our favorites, imagining ourselves living there.
In the mean time, make sure to visit their website to see the Christmas Countdown Giveaways Calendar. The first giveaway will start on Nov.14,2011, and awesome prizes are waiting for you!
The Desperate. When Lindsey started to lose her mind life was not something she appreciated. Lindsey hit rock bottom. Lindsey was desperate and willing to do whatever it took to survive. If it meant going through you that is what Lindsay was willing to do.
Trust me, Dad. It's going to be okay.
I can't wait to get to the gate's at least they have some restaurants there.
- Will I ever be able to work again?
The long-term pact, the fruit of nearly two years of talks, emphasized that the United States did not seek permanent military bases in Afghanistan but would operate from Afghan facilities. The agreement also allows for an unspecificed number of American forces to remain past 2014 to train their local counterparts and target al-Qaida. And it commits Washington to designating Kabul a “major non-NATO Ally,” a special status that makes it easier to provide military aid.
At our annual “Food for Thought” breakfast on May 1st, Soup Of Success graduate, Alisha Safford, spoke to the transformative experiences of her life before, during, and after the Soup of Success program. She touched on how much her life has changed, for the better in many different ways, including her self-esteem, as well as living, working, and school.
I think this is the secret my daughter has intuitively brought to her marriage and her mothering her , sense of fun and being wholly honest about who she is and what she wants.
I have to say that Snoopy is one of the easiest characters I have made so far. The three little Snoopies which are made out of goat cheese were cut out manually with a kitchen knife but the facial details were punched out with a nori puncher. They are sitting on top of a slice of German Pumpernickel bread.
About that time the snake came out from under the sofa and the Emergency Medical Technician saw it and dropped his end of the stretcher. That’s when the man broke his leg and why he is still in the hospital.
command the winds and waves of the seas
I don't mean to be unkind. The fact that your samples have been put on file means they are better than the average art submission, and you may have a wonderful career ahead of you. It does not mean, however, that your art is of very high quality. You are an unproven artist in a competitive field. Do everything you can to project professionalism-- including not giving your art away. And that's what you would be doing if someone convinced you to illustrate their manuscript on spec. Chances are high that it would be wasted effort.
KC Hearing a good beat in a studio or mellow setting. I can’t write around a bunch of people or a lot of commotion.
The cast of “Speaking in Tongues” includes local favorites Ian Merrill Peakes (Pete/Nick/John), his wife, Karen Peakes (Jane/Sarah), Susan Riley Stevens (Sonja/Valerie) and William Zielinski (Leon/Neil). Ian Peakes has appeared in Walnut productions, including “Of Mice and Men” and “Enchanted April.” Karen Peakes returns to the Walnut after appearing in “Fallen Angels.” Also in the cast are Susan Riley Stevens and William Zielinski.
“Hey, that’s perfect,” Mike said. “Great job. But you know how you suggested that I should go with whatever makes me happy and that it doesn’t matter what anybody else thinks?”
“Dame it Reilly this is more important then beer!”
How can your organization benefit from a high performance Culture?
I spent a couple of months getting all the paperwork ready in order to bring her to Cyprus. A big part of that was to get a transit visa to Turkey for her since she would have had to fly to Cyprus from there. In Turkey, they are supposedly very strict with issuing transit visas to Filipinos since they lie to enter Turkey and then work there illegally. So they asked for a contract, which we prepared and sent to her, to read it over and agree to it. She agreed to everything. Meanwhile, I asked her to get her medical tests done since HIV, Hepatitis and some other tests are required in order to have a work permit issued here. She asked for money to get her tests done, for traveling to the Capital and for her POEA papers there-in total $600. I gave them to her without questioning her, she said we could deduct it from her paycheck when she gets here. I had also told her we would pay for her plane ticket to come here, we just wanted her to fulfill her 2-year contract.
I look back at the past 4 months, and I see how doing things, while not perfectly, can accomplish things. If I were too afraid to fail, I would do nothing, as history has shown. Some of the lessons I’ve learned: If it’s too hard, break it down. If your losing motivation, try switching your focus. Record everything in a notebook, writing ideas, no matter how silly. And above all, create rather than consume.
* here is a post I wrote ages ago, and didnt publish! Im doing it now, just because I love these photos. Also note we DID get flooded in after i had written this!*
In reading this story I couldn’t help but see Jonty and Orlando in disguise, and some parallels with the Cambridge Fellows Series. Or maybe it is because Charlie Cochrane is the author of both. Regardless, it was a delightful read and highly recommended. Five Stars.
If it is attacked, Cascoon remains motionless however badly it may be hurt. It does so because if it were to move, its body would be weak upon evolution. This Pokémon will also not forget the pain it endured.
There’s no room in Chicago, Sadie is turned out,
I called his office and listened carefully to their voicemail options, as it seems they had changed recently. Patience paid off when I learned that option 6 was to cancel a sales presentation. It looked like my rejection could be done automatically.
feels lonesome, mourns that she’s not sleek
Though the young druid was less versed in histories, Anselme recognized signs of worship of Telophus, an old and long since seemingly forgotten god of crops and the seasons; Anselme was barred passage to the innermost sanctum of the grove, but parted ways on what seemed to be reasonable terms with the rogue druids and returned to his compatriots soon after. Meryk and Pandora were wary of the works of the Reclaimers in the face of the Desolation, but neither could muster sufficient cause to prompt further provocation at the time; resigned to revisiting such later, the party made their way back to the camp that they might prepare for their next venture into the Desolation…
Try to enjoy it for what it is. Or the best that it is.
Travelling Around – Circus Maximus
Fold batter into a greased 9-inch cake pan lined with parchment paper. Bake 30 minutes. Cool before serving.
We stopped at Starbucks for hot chocolate and ended up staying for over an hour talking about everything under the sun from books we've read to crazy, co-joined twins and stuff like weird obsessions people have...(I.E. people who eat their own hair follicles, toilet paper)...Good times!
Show: The Waterboys played a very powerfull set. The first part of the show saw them playing some their back-catalogue. After a short 25 minutes break they came back to play parts of the album "An appointment with Mr Yeats" and then they came back for two more fantastic encore-sets.
1 refer
“Well,” he said…”if we put you an me together, we have
Isn't Jodi just the cutest??? And her little puppy too??? Jodi is every bit as sweet and nice as she looks.
4 cups peeled, cubed (1 inch) sweet potato (approximately 2 medium potatoes)
They sometimes emerge from these battles a bit singed or bloodied, but emerge they do.
If life is a game, then you have a choice as a parent. You can view your child as an opponent, with whom you are constantly in competition. You can focus on beating your child at the game, proving how much more powerful you are. You can make all the rules, add new ones all the time: eat three more bites before you can leave the table, stay in bed alone until you fall asleep, go to your room, only 30 minutes of TV today... You can use physical force or withholding of "privileges" or psychological manipulation to ensure that you will win.
I am a long way from this promised state.
Universal creativity,
I know it looks dead, and I'm hoping it is; but I'm pretty sure it's just dormant. When we cleared the space where we usually park the RV, there were hundreds of the little white root things that propagate the menace.
Ganache Setting Time: 2 - 4hrs or Overnight
Picture 1: a good reason not to stray far off the roads
I haven't had much time for crafting lately. Part of the reason is trying to handle three little ones at home. I decided I needed to teach them how to do chores and have responsibilities in the home from a young age if I ever want to have time for myself again. I tried giving them expectations and got frustrated when they didn't follow through. Duh, they're little. My husband can't even follow through with turning the lights off a room when he leaves it! I tried printing simple chore cards with individualized envelopes I got off the Internet and stuck to their bedroom doors. They were all excited about the cards at first, but there really wasn't any way to get this program to stick unless I was overseeing them like a hawk every minute of the day. Finally, I decided I wasn't succeeding at this on my own and that it was important enough to me to justify purchasing a program to handle chores and responsibilities that had a little more logic and procedure built into it.
I have been thinking of this type of scenario for a while now, and have been thinking of doing my own. So I am jotting down some notes, and mine will most likely be open for a large number of rule sets.
As you have probably figured out, I'm taking a time out from making clothes to sell. Because as the world seemed to change overnight, my business was not viable for much longer after that. When I was offered a part time job stitching corsets in the city, I jumped for it! So now I stitch and daydream and work with some remarkable women all day long. And then, after a day of being citified, I get to come home to my studio where I can see the stars at night.
Words and technology were some of my best friends growing up. By the time I was 7, I was thoroughly enamoured with books and robots. I would ride my bicycle to the toy store and salivate over the electronics section, watching the Omnibot 2000 in its plexiglass case intently, wondering what it was really capable of, wondering what the remarkable looking little robot with the large luminescent eyes could do in my home. But the Omnibot 2000 was way out of our price range.
It is that time again, we are on the look out for some talented scrappers to join us here on the Kraft It Up Creative Team...
jenn!fer
Hands down the worst part of this story is the "Battle" between the Saxons and the Vikings, in which sadly "Patchy" bites the dust. Everyone appears to think they're in a benny hill sketch; as they run in and out of the Monastery, screaming at the top of their lungs for some reason, and all the while with the sound of drumming in the background, which makes the scene even more farcical. But this hilarity passes quickly and the story comes across as strong overall, with the possible exception to the cliffhanger to episode 2 which fails pretty miserably. The whole second episode suffers as Hartnell was on holiday again for the shooting. Ironically the cliffhanger entails Vicki and Steven trying to spring the Doctor from his cell, only to discover his absence.
Here's an effect which may be useful when you feel like adding some rustic grunge effects
To camping trips in the wild.
I attempted this 3 times before it actually worked out. The first failed because of the ice bath and the second because I kept stirring it to cool it down and eventually the whole pan just became a chunk of sugar crystals. I thought about giving up after my second batch failed. I could have resorted to the phyllo shreds option...but I didn't.
I can still see dads Hi-fi stereo I would play it on. There was no 45 adapter for the spindle, and I would have to center it manually. I play those chords in my head every now and then, and it takes me back to that summer and fall of ’69 when I would walk down the street hoping to see Cathy or Jerri that lived on my block. But instead of humming “Hang on Sloopy” on those walks, I was humming “Chest Fever”.
Dixie Carter comes out to her own theme, Wrestlemania theme song. Okay, maybe not. She says AJ has built the house, but she “Owns it” and if it’s her house, it’s their house.
I feel better. I cried a lot, I think I can answer the phone now, even the mobile one. Thanks for listening.
Klein girl was good, we had one dumb rail where she landed in a cross fire and I didn't fix it when I should have. The next fence was coming up quick and I was like "Meh...oh well" and look what happened. Haha, that's what I get :) There were some stops and refusals, but not from Klein. I can't say it'll never happen 'cause anything is possible, but...she was her usual dependable self. There was another rail that was 110% my fault. We landed over an oxer and I forgot for a second where our next fence was, which was right around that corner, and I got her in crooked and she took a rail. That girl will go for anything. No matter how stupid I get. We had some clean rounds and jump offs. It was a fun, relaxed show.
Shredding both poached and smoked Salmon with butter and herbs is a time consuming but otherwise simple task. The real trick is in seasoning the finished dish and presenting it. Nutmeg is a good spice for an otherwise fairly bland dish and presentation really comes down to putting the rillettes on a vegetable or accompanying them with some form of bread. In the end I settled for Melba Toast as it gave another tick on the list.
Gasoline – The Silent Comedy
½ bunch green asparagus; trimmed and cut diagonally into ½-inch slices
it's so exciting, these kind of things make a thrill time!
I have my workout for tomorrow already. Very basic exercises, squats, push ups (fingers crossed) tricep extensions and crunches. This is a challenge I found on the website so I'll do as many reps as I can tomorrow in my 50 secs and write that number down and then after 30 days of exercising, I'll come back and re-do these exercises and compare my reps to the first day. So check out the website and let me know what you think! Do you think you would be interested in workouts like these? Do you have a workout that is just awesome and working for you? Hope everyone has a great night!
Dear brothers and sisters,
Of these two stories, "Herman the Irascible" is the best. Women might be offended by it but it all mean in fun. There is a great plague among the Royalty in England and the 23rd in line for the thrown, Herman the Irascible, a very minor German prince becomes King of England. There is a big movement in the country to give women the vote. Herman does not really like the idea but he does not feel he is in a position to reject the idea. He gives women the right to vote but they are required by the law to vote in all elections from dog catcher on up. Men can vote if they want to but they are not required. Now comes the twist.
Back at home, I tipped all the bones into two lightly oiled baking trays, mixed through some tomato paste and left them to roast in the oven until browned. While the bones were roasting I peeled and roughly chopped 2 carrots, 2 onions and a celery stalk and roasted these in another oiled baking tray until evenly browned and caramelized. Then I threw everything into my biggest stock pot, covered with 5 litres of cold water, added some sprigs of thyme, a couple of bay leaves and a few whole black peppercorns and left to simmer for three and a half hours, skimming from time to time.
Good news for those who struggle to find appealing styles in either petites or plus sizes, both will be available online for this collection. Another appealing possibility from our friends at The Fashion Spot:
Tonight I went to get a pedicure for my Mother's Day gift. I went to a place in the mall and I can tell you right now I'll never go back. My feet feel wonderful and look very pretty, but the girl who did them never stopped talking, and I couldn't understand 90% of what she was saying. I'm not one for massage chairs, and it was digging in my back over and over and over. And she made my toe bleed. And she told me my eyebrows are horrendous and should be fixed right away. But... I have really pretty toes!
Basically Wink is a super simple website. For $2.50 (including shipping) you get to make a photostrip carrying 3-5 pictures on one side and on the other side you can type of a message to be included. Wink has a free iPhone app and of course you can use your computer.
Set the corn on a cutting board.
whoopsidaisy digi
Did Brodhead see the lacrosse players as sociopaths? This cultural reference suggests an astonishingly negative view of the two students who had just been indicted. Or perhaps the president was merely asking his colleagues about the previous night's schedule on HBO.
Love coming your way, Tom, Zoie, Happy & Fern
Boaz was kind to her and had a generous heart and told the reapers to not bother her. But, to me , his greatest kindness came in verse 16 when he tells his men to “let fall also some of the handfuls of purpose for her”. Ruth was just out trying to get enough scraps to keep her and her mother in law from starving. But Boaz told men not only to let her have the “scraps”, but also to drop some of the good ears of corn for her have. These “handfuls of purpose” may have seemed to Ruth to be mere accidents and good fortune, but they were the direct result of the kindness of Boaz.
Its designed to get you fully unsettled
MUSIC: – Jahzilla – Paisly Brain Cells – The Exchangers FOOD TRUCKS & BEVERAGE: – Dish Truck – GourMelt – Silver Peak Brewery
All I did was wear myself out. Hahaha. I knew it.
I had grand plans of showing off the kitchen today, but that didn't really work out. It's done, but sadly, the table is now full of stuff to deal with. lol It just never ends does it? So, no house stuff to show off, but I do have a few printables for you.
I am also writing children’s books that inspire, awaken and delight. I feel that a strong part of my life mission involves breaking down and simplifying information (this applies both to my knowledge of spiritual topics as well as English Language) for children and adults, whether that be through teaching, writing or other forms of communication.
It becomes even more fascinating when we examine this trinity a bit further and discover some interesting aspects of this being known as Shiva. Rather than provide my perspective, here’s an excerpt from shivalay.com:
Here in Southern New England, we just had what will most likely be our last significant frost. In my little yard, that was a temp of 27.8 last night. There were frost and freeze warnings up everywhere. As a result of our warm spring, there was plenty out there to be affected. Only time will tell if it affects the fruit trees for the year.
“Oh, is it a long list?”
The spider is death and rebirth, and they molt their exoskeletons. They are really incredibly delicate creatures, who remind us to tread lightly. When my mother’s Tarantula molts she goes onto her back, this may look like the Spider is dead, but it is not. Here is a good article on what to do and not to do when your Spider is Molting.
Once beer was discovered, it required grain, and that was the beginning of agriculture. Neither the glass bottle nor the aluminum can were invented yet, so while our early humans were sitting around waiting for them to invented, they just stayed close to the brewery. That's how villages were formed.
The results of these surveys indicate that the majority of employees are certainly open to switching jobs; however, only a smaller portion has actually made the decision to leave.
As I walked out the door, the charming assistant functionary grabbed my arm and steered me towards his desk. "You get £35 for the fitting," he said, handing me a form to sign.
Together, you will go out and interview people in your neighborhood about the neighborhood’s important issue OR the bin Laden news reactions, and by 6 p.m. Wednesday, May 4, you should EACH have posted a 450-600 word news story on the Reporting 1 blog. Pro tip: I’d suggest you have this written/saved as a draft the night before and that your group carefully look at each other’s drafts. See the final sentences of this part of the midterm.
I actually heard the word "Action", then saw 4 or 5 coplike people walk out the front door of the Montauk Club. Then the fun started.. 2 more guys came out behind them with guns and shot at them and then got shot and fell off the side of the staircase.
"Animal Joy", Shearwater’s seventh album, is one of their best efforts yet and one of the finest releases of the year so far. In that respect, we should consider ourselves lucky for the timing of Jonathan Meiburg’s band first ever visit to Athens, a decade into their recording career.
Has the internet been hijacked by gremlins?
It's been one heckuva week. There have been some highs and lows and I am really ready to move on from it all. Feel free to join in the fragment fun by clicking the button above to go visit Mrs4444 and the other Fraggers.
The potting table we put together last year came out of winter hibernation. I gave the legs a quick coat of grey paint since the varnish I used yellowed the white paint last summer.
waiting somewhere
This is contained in a top-secret police report that was handed to acting police chief Lieutenant General Nhlanhla Mkhwanazi last month, which names Mthethwa in the Hawks’ investigation into the plundering of the R200 million secret service account.
1 rem = 10 mSv (1 Sv = 100 rem)
Marking the business like a leading course designer brand name throughout the globe also as bagging fantastic evaluations globe more than, Louis Vuitton replica is devoted to offering a brand new assortment starting with shoulder bags, bag bags, handbags, purses and their good crafted equipment. These jaw-dropping smartly-designed equipment in the assortment of Louis Vuitton are designated by their fantastic high quality, dependability and off program aggressive costs. Their handbags merely permit vogue notify ladies laze in high-class.
Unschoolers say all the time that we learn from everything. Even if it doesn't look like learning, even if at first glance, some people would think it was a waste of time (if they were the type of people who think "education" is more important than enjoyment, anyway).
I will state this though…I have two free trial memberships to gyms, so when I get back from New York I’m going to try one of them out. I’ve got to get my ass in gear again.
You may want to hire an inspector to help you as you do your renovations, something typically only done when purchasing a new home on the market. If you are not an expert, you may miss certain repairs that need to be done. That is why having an inspector help you is so beneficial. You might need a new roof, or you may need to add insulation to your home – an inspector will be able to point this out to you. Inspectors will be able to show you which items need to be fixed and also help you avoid repairing things that can wait until later. These individuals are a fantastic investment that will save you money because of their experience and knowledge.
Toss hot sweet potatoes with the arugula and walnuts. Drizzle the dressing over the salad to taste. Salad will wilt slightly.
Top shelf - my double ups on regularly used items. I hate running out of items.
The years went bye, he grew in popularity, in wisdom, his hair and beard a bit greyer.
Summary: I don’t know much about this kid but from what I’ve read and the little tape (Highlight film) I did see, he has a good first step and good agility for and man his size. I like this pick because I think Seymour will be great for him to learn from and he can possibly play 5-tech as a 3-4 end.
Noumena likewise undergoes a striking transformation, for, as noted above, there is no transcendent for Deleuze. If the sub-representational is unavailable to mental representation, by definition (if not perhaps some other form of consciousness), it does not remain the strict unspeakable that it is for Kant. Not only can the Deleuzean subject (if such a thing exists) say that the sub-representational is, this subject can maintain that the sub-representational is itself determinable in its general features: spatiotemporal dynamisms, differential relations, singularities, Ideas, Events. If these correspond in some way to common feature of the representational, namely, quality and quantity, the transition from virtual to actual precludes any resemblance between the two series. Thus, the sub-representational both maintains a certain relation to the representational and has its own content, determinable to an extent. (Even if it is not immediately clear that these two separate orders accord with Deleuze’s critique of analogy elsewhere, his choice of the word “correspondence” rather than analogy and his own presentation of correlates in the conclusion of Qu’est-ce que la philosophie? render such a move, at first glance, plausible, at the very least.)
The new layers products are designed to let you layer your scents with all different products, including hand cream, shower gel, body butter, even laundry products! If you are interested in viewing their catalog, just click here. And if you would like to purchase or find a consultant near you just click here.
But I get lost to find my way out
From a different perspective, namely that of law makers and enforcers, this idea is pure genius and because of that is promoted frequently and consistently in nearly all modern propaganda, including media and educational institutions. If you want something done, give someone the power to force it to happen. Those who want certain things done get to feel like something is getting done without doing much themselves, and those who want the power get what they want and usually have no liability or accountability to balance their power. The more we try to solve with force, no matter how legitimate it might seem, the more force and centralized power we'll get as a result.
Jesus said: “Do to others as you would have them do to you.” We call this the Golden Rule. But you would think that most people in the world really truly expect to be treated poorly considering the way they treat others. Darrell Bock wrote: “The idea of simple service and unconditional love are not in vogue. When Jesus calls us to love our enemies, I have a hard time seeing that love in the way we communicate with those who possess different values from our own.”
18 Beatles - I Want You (She's So Heavy)
English is my third language. My native language is Chinese Mandarin. My second language is Spanish when we lived in Bolivia. So if I can spell correctly and type with proper punctuation marks and sentence breaks, there is no reason a native English speaker can't especially when we all have access to spell and grammar check.
Visit Magpie Tales for our image prompt. This week’s image is a lovely Chagall print. Head over to see what we have.
Maddie did her part in helping at the show!!! Isn't she a good helper, licks toes while they look. Quite the team we are! And WH was busy the whole time helping me out, getting lunch and writing everything up. Thanks goodness for the new electronic device Square! Love you Square!
When the first words out of her mouth referred to the movie Hunger Games, my first thought was “Huh?” Then she explained. The main character in the movie, Katniss, has both masculine and feminine character traits. She embodies the very non-traditional image of a woman as someone who is both physically and mentally equal to the level of a man. In other words, she is a perfect portrayal of a modern female warrior. For the rest of the presentation, we go back into Ancient Rome.
On the 24€ three course menu was a tender piece of falling apart pork belly with a tomato paste and fried egg. C. had a velouté of coco beans topped with a piece of toast on which were placed thinly sliced pieces of lardo di colonnata , followed by sous vide cooked chicken with girolles mushrooms and an airy, foamy celery root purée. The pot au pen was full of delectable veal replacing the beef, with crunchy celery. Dessert was ok cheese and a decent, dense chocolate cake with banana ice cream. Bread was a little regrettable, but I think they ran out of the good stuff we had at the beginning of the meal.
I was on retreat this weekend with a group of teenagers at a beautiful camp. My sister-in-law who is also a youth minister gave me the opportunity to act as a youth minister once again as I helped her and a planning team create and implement the retreat this weekend. There were a few profound moments...as there always are on a retreat...but there is only one I want to share right now.
I really need to lay off the sci-fi
Some of you may not know either... that these girls that I draw talk to me... it was something I discovered in the February 29 Faces challenge... they tell me the colors to choose... the hairstyles they want... some quite early in the piece and some a little later into the drawing... and sometimes they tell me stories...
My least favorite of the flavors, a bit too heavy on the chocolate flavor.
Hello stamping friends! Hope you all are having a fabulous and blessed week so far! I have a HUGE sale announcement to share with you all!! Our Daily Bread Designs is having another Daily Dough Cash Sale going on starting today until the 9th of April!!! There is a list of all of the selected stamp sets that are on sale at 20% off on the ODBD Blog and all you have to do is put any of those selected stamp sets in your cart and add the code "DOUGH" and you will receive the 20% off, but wait, that is not all!!!! For every $50 you spend you will get Daily Dough Cash back and for $50 that is $10, but hold it, to make this deal even sweeter you will also receive FREE SHIPPING!!!! How awesome is this?
Although we are "on the road" all the time, we spend most of our days not traveling, but parked at a campground (or occasionally the home of a friend). Usually there is plenty to do outdoors wherever we are ... walking, hiking, exploring, biking, playgrounds, waterways, beaches, rocks. But sometimes we're looking for indoors fun. And sometimes we're traveling and want a break in the middle of the day that will stimulate but not leave us all needing showers. Our salvation in times like these is the ASTC passport program.
I had my personal trainers exam Saturday morning. I was terrified, but I passed!!! And with flying colors!
I have always been a sucker for animals. I love those furry beasts. I might be just a tad in over my head though with four animals in this tiny cabin. (We’ve converted our three bedroom, two-story cabin to a studio apartment, closing off the upstairs because we can’t possibly afford to heat it.) At this point, I think everyone in this household is getting a little bit of cabin fever.
How will next season play out? The remarkable string of luck the Blues have had recently cannot possibly be sustained, but other signs are encouraging: particularly the remarkable comeback of Torres. The much maligned striker has had ever aspect of his game scrutinized (even though he was doing literally everything but score) but his recent string of goals has reestablished him as a premier player. Next season should be his from the get go.
Perjury in the law of Scotland is the making of false statements under oath, the statements having to be competent evidence in the case in which they were made, and material to the subject of the case or investigation. There requires to be proof beyond reasonable doubt that the statement or statements are false and there requires to be evidence from at least two sources.
If you honk, that man up there will move...
Last May I spent an afternoon in the Jolly Butchers with a BBC film crew. I'd just about forgotten about it, and then I got a call this morning to say that the programme is finally going out this week.
Vintage Photography for your Modern Lifestyle. Simply Southern Photography is a custom portrait studio located in the Historic District of downtown Mocksville, NC. We're just a short drive from Winston Salem, Yadkinville, Statesville, Salisbury, Lexington, and so many areas in the greater Triad region! Please also visit our website (www.simplysouthernstudio.com), our Facebook page (www.facebook.com/simplysouthernstudionc) as well as find us on Twitter (http://twitter.com/#!/sspstudio) and YouTube (http://www.youtube.com/user/simplysouthernstudio).
This will make for a lumpless gravy because those little bits of flour won't stick together and refuse to incorporate. It's magic. It's amazing. It's another one of those things my mom has held back from me in order to reign supreme forever. Or because who really thinks to tell that to their kids? Probably not a lot of people.
Here is the finished product!
A tut from somewhere behind me
Anyway, we ran easy (for a 5K race, anyway) and enjoyed our finish in the football stadium.
One touch of your hand to mine O boy, reach’d up as you lay on the
"Do you want me to drive that back for you ducky?"
Capt. Patrick J. Brown, 48, New York, N.Y.
F – There were a lot of Metal ladies/gals in the concert!
Please see the price, availability and delivery terms and conditions of Go-Ped GTR46i Trail Ripper Interceptor Gas Powered Full Suspension Off Road Scooter on the merchant’s site by click on the links above.
Hindered Foreclosures
My baby was miraculously healthy. I was induced at 37 weeks; for Preeclampsia http://www.preeclampsia.org/they call it premature still and still did not want us to leave the house much. Her weight at birth was 6 pounds 4 ounces. She left the hospital at 5 pounds 14 ounces but then got down to 5 pounds 10 ounces because of failing with early breastfeeding.
Repeat as necessary.
Institutional innovation
I don't know if they ever put out a demo but they were prominently featured on a 10" record put out by Very Small Records. They had a tight original sound that made them stick out from the tons of other bands playing hardcore back then. That's probably why David Hayes put them on that record so long ago.
“What is it?”
For love, God became a man.
Many of the people who are entering this movement are focussing their anger only at the financial system, but I think we need also look at our collective beliefs around Money and Spirituality, and the energy of Compassion. The “Occupy Wall Street” movement has arisen in New York City, in the heart of the wealthiest country on the Planet. The USA managed to get to this point through various means, one of them being the “Puritan” or “Protestant” work ethic. It must be remembered that the “Founding Fathers” of the USA were Puritans who were fleeing from religious persecution in Europe, and so they brought with them their ideas and beliefs. One of them, in simple form, was that a good Christian worked hard and was rewarded for this hard work by God in the form of material blessings. For the Puritans, this went with a simple life, but as time went by it became associated with the “American Dream”…anyone can “work hard” and make money. And for some, it worked…but more recently it has become simply a distortion that allows banks, corporations and big business to exploit people in the drive for bigger and bigger profits to enrich the “one percent” at the expense of the 99 percent. In truth, the original plan for human life was that all would be provided for in a “Paradise” Earth, and that “work” was not necessary for survival. As we reconnect with the Abundance Flows of the Sixth Dimension and re-learn how to Dream Dance our lives into the Manifestation of Abundance, “work” will simply seem unnecessary. Work will be replaced by the meaningful expression of Soul Purpose in Joy and Fun and with the Flow of Blessings.
Somehow, someway, that mom started shushing her daughter. She shushed her daughter when her daughter expressed interest in things the mother didn't think were "right". She shushed her daughter by fearing that her daughter would do drugs in her absence. She shushed her daughter when her daughter expressed the desire to hang out with friends. She shushed her daughter by trying to be a louder voice and hoping with all hopes that her voice would be so loud and so right that her daughter would see her wisdom and take it and use it in exactly the way the mother wanted her to do.
In their slow silent dance
The whole point is, how does all of this affect my relationships?
How can you not like a book in which the first line of Chapter 1 is: "It all happened because John Rebus was in his favourite massage parlour reading the Bible."
April 2-5, 2010 Clip No. 2451
hugs to all x
● DDT was developed into a pesticide during World War II by Swiss chemist Paul Hermann Mueller, who won a Nobel Prize for helping to save more than 500 million lives.
Sometimes partywear needs to be a bit of a disguise, doesn't it - it's about costuming oneself appropriately for the occasion: and for once, at Bazaar Women of the Year, I felt appropriate.
I fucking love Marc Jacobs. I loved him when he was a skinny Jew-nerd, and I love him now he’s buff and sleek. I love his vision, his creative ambition, and the fact that he has remained a down-to-earth darling despite his enormo success. Quite a lot of people who work in fashion are actually quite cunty: this is a fact. Lots of designers, photographers, editors, models and minions are absolute dickheads. So when someone at the highest end of the spectrum is actually a decent guy, the respekt go massive innit. PLUS, he is adorably doe-eyed, with tattoos of Spongebob Squarepants; and he makes women feel oh-so gorgeous in his wonderful clothes. Pip, you share my obsession, so this post is dedicated to you.
6.I remember
Using the photograph above for inspiration, compose a short fiction piece of no more than 250 words in any genre or style. Send your entry to me by email at jevanswriter at yahoo dot com before 11:00 p.m., Wednesday, August 1st (Eastern Time, United States). I'd prefer attachments formatted in Microsoft Word or Word Perfect, but if you have something more exotic, you can paste the text into the body of an email. Each entry will be posted and indexed.
It's been two months since my heart was broken. Two months since I thought my world was going to end. I'm not saying that I don't still think about the good times. Cause I do. Sometimes I even wonder if Sage and Cooper are okay in their new home. But in two months I feek like I have lived more than I believe I have in the last ten years. And that is a truly awesome feeling.
It's the five of us
In some cultures it is not wrong to lie if you are saving face. We have already seen that lying in all forms is of the devil and sin. In other cultures stealing is not wrong if you really need it. If God says, “Thou shalt not steal” He means just that.
First of all, it turns out that these particular aliens have been here before. That time - in 1965 - they only demanded a ransom of twelve children, in exchange for a promise not to release a virus which would kill an estimated quarter of the world's population. Twelve lives against over a billion? Pretty good deal. The children (orphans, whose absence wouldn't be noted) were duly handed over by Captain Jack Harkness of the Torchwood institute himself.
sent to heaven with a prayer
We hitched up our team of horses last week and went for a ride. Just hear those sleigh bells ringalin .....only we didn't have any bells. Just snow.
1/2 tea garlic puree
Below is the book trailer.
It doesn’t matter what you’ve done;
here's Bitty Baby and Bitty Mama now checking in on their weight.
But that visit was not actually unplanned. Initially one of my office friend and I decided to go there in morning hours to do a portfolio shoot of him. In my work place there is no such thing as secret. So going by this line it was soon evident that everyone became aware of this new development. At first there were only three guys. But on the very day I found 7 members of our gang excluding me.
C is for ... c'mon Molly, you can do better than this?
My half-sister Heidi told me a hilarious story about Margaret recently. She said she had needed transportation once while her car was in the shop, so she called Margaret to come and drive her somewhere. Margaret drove down from her little house way up on the mountain near Yosemite in an old beaten up pickup truck. She was wearing overalls and had a case of beer on the floor by the front passenger seat. She had popped open a can of beer and was chugging on it when Heidi came out of the house to meet her. They talked for a few minutes before driving away, so that Margaret could finish her drink. She told Heidi, “When I lived in the orphanage in North Carolina, I had a roommate who fantasized about growing up and marrying a military man. She told me that every Southern girl should get hooked up with a soldier. Well, I’m sure glad I got out of that place before I turned into a redneck.”
Believe in the Unseen
How doyles room rakeback calls in and then just getting out of hand if you are not up to it? This is a very practical option. However, any person who has grown quickly and now you position you already own a cheap pair for the Blind after the threes are stuck in the risk of the dump. One more thing to consider how to call the other players appear. If I just smooth call someone, I usually play tight and when one sees the establishment of staying in touch, and often thought they added a little (or a bad game Ace) is with. I also can increase with that because I know I can enhance the hand. In this case later in the couples with small touches, as it is safe.
This was a Gentile church, far from Jerusalem. Now with the new gospel of the grace of God they had liberty to pray continuously.
Since then Mr Blair has done a lot of things. The very first thing he did on leaving office was to declare himself a convert to Roman Catholicism. He had, Mrs R thought, some odd reasons - but his choice, his conscience - nothing to do with anybody else.
Genre: Vocal Jazz, Bossa Nova
Got a 5K race coming up this weekend....hopefully will be a new personal record, not that I run a lot of races, but would love to get out of the 40's on this one. I don't THINK it will be a problem and the last mile is pretty much downhill, so hopefully will do well and not hurt myself. Got my W*I*S*H shirt in and thinking I will sport that bright green lovely along with my yellow Team Sparkle skirt. I will be easy to find - that is for sure.
ESD report
And my mom and I? I fought becoming a writer–though that was exactly what I’d always wanted to do–for as long as I could, thinking it lame to just blindly follow along in mom’s footsteps. And yet. We spent the last two years of our lives writing a book… together.
The next step is to lightly fold the blueberries in to the batter, trying to avoid breaking as few of the berries as possible, while distributing them evenly in the batter. Transfer the batter to your prepared bundt pan, smoothing the batter in the pan.
PUCV makes it quite easy to drop courses yet almost impossible to add them, so while I’m currently only attending four classes, I’m enrolled in somewhere between ten and fifteen. This means that the first week functions as a trial period, and despite their best efforts, professors have a hard time getting much of anything done. Also, for some reason that has yet to be explained, history classes did not meet, and the building itself was closed. In accordance with PUCV’s policy of not providing its students with relevant information, this was not officially announced or confirmed until the end of the week.
opens June 1
The secret to the success of both movies, of course, is that they aren't really "Arabian" at all. What they are, in fact, is Arabesque -- an elaborate fantasia on the mere idea of the tales of Scheherezade, decorated with the filigree of genies, evil wizards, fabulous monsters, dauntless heroes and pure, chaste maidens in mortal peril.
A couple years ago, in a post titled “The Future Today”, I expressed the notion that, along with mass and acceleration, technology should also be a component of relativity. I closed that post questioning whether we might one day “achieve such a pervasive state of immediacy . . . that we actually render the future obsolete”. Not long after posting, I read this book by Kurzweil that explores, essentially, the same question. In many ways, the book reads like a man desperately grasping for the hope to escape the inevitability of death – and, actually, that’s what Kurzweil is (he was profoundly effected by his father’s death). As a result, it would be easy to dismiss some of Kurzweil’s predictions as outright insane, but that’s not the case. Not technically, at least. Kurzweil’s aggressive time table for the approaching “singularity” (i.e., the moment when our biological species will fuse so completely with technology that we will, in effect, fundamentally change humanity as a species in general) is not so much limited by our capabilities but by our cultural acceptance of how far we are willing to embrace our technologies and how quickly. Nevertheless, his forecast for technologies coming rapidly down the pike is pretty mind-blowing.
Here are several shots of the areas to watch.. make note of each town center and watch for24-48 hours .. possibly up to 72 (usually hits within the first 48hrs).
Albarn's early life was spent living in Leytonstone with his parents Hazel and Keith and his sister Jessica. He has described a very liberal and hippy-like upbringing. His family then lived in Turkey for a few months. Whilst living in Leytonstone Albarn attended George Tomlinson primary school. When he turned ten, his family moved to Aldham, Essex, England due to the needs of his father's teaching career. Albarn then attended Stanway Comprehensive School. He met future Blur guitarist Graham Coxon at school and found they both liked similar bands, such as the Jam, the Kinks, and the Human League.
Tracey Johnson / Deconstructing the Pakeha Gaze: Whale Rider / 115
I have exams from next week and then new decisions to make about career and further studies. There was a time when I used to feel excited on thinking of career, but now when I’m more experienced and aware of how things work in the society I’m not really excited about working for someone else anymore.
And I mourn it because it was my dad’s, and I thought it might – just might – outlive him, as a part of our shared past, as something to be cherished.
On my mental list of what I hope you gain from me, dear chicks (which does not include an aversion to going to sleep on time, a fear of escalators, or an inability to taste cilantro without gagging) is the knowledge that it is your job to find beauty. And in order to find it, you must first open your eyes and your soul to what’s around you. Remember that you will find what you look for. If you seek out ugliness, you will find it. But you don’t want to waste your precious hours on ugliness. It’s beauty you’re looking for.
to breathe
David Rose has carved out a reputation as a gifted writer of short fiction, and it struck me more than once that those skills were strongly at play in “Vault”. The work is short and to the point, but it is also complex, and the reader does need to work to make their way through the maze. I like that! I must admit, though, had I not been helped by the description of the book on the back cover, I might have got a tad lost, and had to retrace my steps.
They do not want to undermine accepted morality and cause tangible evils, damnation, or other punishment. Contrary they are against the silent hierarchical Roman Church, who wants to do a cover-up operation. They do not want to sweep the many child sex abuses under the carpet. They want to make an end to the possible cause of so much damage. Therefore they ask that priests could get a normal sexual life, have a wife and children.
Further allegations against Mr. Roopnarine state that after his divorce and the collapse of his business RS Hypo and Sons on Rushworth Street he was employed as a truck driver. He then started to grow into Millionaire status, months after Mala Mohammeds Execution.
Let’s see if anyone is caught for these crimes and what they have to say – although would you believe what they have to say having been in SBU custody?
The Industry Rendez-Vous will feature the new Frontières International Co-Production Market. Frontières is the first international co-production market to connect North-American with Europe and Australasia, in an environment focused specifically on genre film production.
Somewhere in its depths, was a maze. I don't recall what it was called, but deep in the maze you could find your heart's desire -- but you could only go in ONCE.
Change is hard. Very hard. And scary. Very scary. Even when it's necessary.
I followed my basic recipe for lime curd but with a couple of minor changes. I had 3 egg yolks in my frig begging to be used so instead of three large eggs I used two large eggs and 3 egg yolks. I am crazy like that and I am not always rewarded for my ingenuity. This time it worked out quite well. I also reduced the butter to 4 tablespoons instead of 6 because butter is partially responsible for that creamy luscious texture and I wanted more tang to come through. Sometimes these things are a trade off and proof that butter is not always better. Sorry Paula and all you butter lovers out there! Lemon juice was also added to enhance flavor and because it is more acidic than oranges and higher acidity contributes to the coagulation or curdling of the eggs. Acidity also lowers the temperature at which the eggs coagulate and this along with constant stirring produces a creamy result. Yum.
The quintessential Maine mill town and its smaller twin sister located an hour north of Bangor along the Penobscot River. The Millinocket pulp and paper mill was once the largest in the world, employing thousands to print paper goods like phone books and newspapers – propelling a boom hat lasted into the 1970s. Production and hiring slowed down dramatically and, for the first time, local high school graduates could no longer be assured a well-paying job at one of the local mills. After the Millinocket mill closed its doors in 2009 and East Millinocket followed suit in early 2011, area unemployment soared to 22%. The population had dropped by over half – t0 less than 5,000. However, good news came to the area in November 2011. After a push from Augusta and Governor Paul LePage, it was announced that the The Great Northern Paper Co. in East Millinocket mill would re-open under new ownership at greatly reduced capacity. Even though far fewer will be offered jobs than in the past (and those that are hired will be forced to accept dramatically lower pay), this has a created a wave of optimism throughout this corner of Maine.
#DonaldTrumpshouldprobablytalktosomeone
Greta Gaines (nashville) "
The other day I was talking to a friend. She told this outrageous story about a person who went to a new dentist and on the counter of the hygienist was her cousin. The connection was totally random.
After this first genocide to target the Boer nation, their descendants still managed to cling to their identity for at least another generation - until the secret cabal of wealthy Afrikaners called the Afrikaner Broederbond gaine hegemony -- and then took away their identity from about 1933 onwards.
‘Oh God,’ thought Olivia. Olivia could feel the officer’s gloved hands gently spreading her butt cheeks. She could feel her fingers probe her butt hole. Her fingers started to work their way down.
On such a night as this is!
THANK YOU- to all the 100 followers of OAK.
* University of Wisconsin - Madison (USA)
Doctor Who has always been good at the surreal stuff and this story has plenty of it, particularly the sinister Smilers. On the other hand though, why does the far future always have to look so much like the Twentieth/ Twenty First century? This is becoming a bit of a New Series cliche. Is our time a kind of blueprint for all future periods? I am starting to feel nostalgic for 60s visions of skin-tight jumpsuits and unfeasibly short dresses.
“To study stars
We will also repeatedly find or create experiences that give us the opportunity to express whatever needs expressing whether it’s anger, pain, loss or something else. In this sense, our experience is our shadow, the projection of those darker parts of our mind which we project onto the world around us. Most of the time we’re blind to the real cause of our pain and our senses, being directed outward, tell us to look for the cause out there. As long as we do this, we fail to grasp the true value of the shadow, as we identify it as something ‘Other’.
The Santa Clause ... ABC Family ... 9 PM
And people who have come to this country illegally have broken the law repeatedly. If you’re here, unless you’re here on a trust fund, you’ve been working illegally. You’ve probably stolen someone’s Social Security number, illegally. And so it’s not just one thing that you’ve done wrong, you’ve done a lot of things wrong. And as a result of that, I believe that people should no — should not be able to stay here.
1 flask
The biggest difference is in weight. Pet-1 is much heavier than the remodeled Pet. It feels, and looks, more serious than later Pets. Viewed from the front, the levers are slightly skewed. The shutter mechanism is a little bit different and can't be swapped with the later model. The fake leather is much smoother and actually feels like leather. The Pet-2 feels distinctly plastic. The badge is more silver compared to that on Pet-2 (non-gold models), which have a slight bronze color. Overall, a heftier build. Pet-1 is most common in black with silver trim. It is also less common than Pet-2, but there doesn't seem to be any difference in value between the two.
Women’s collectives and the contemporary art world
B. Water for drinking and car in case it overheats
I just wear shorts
Don't forget to stop on over tomorrow for a Derby outfit! I'm jealous of anyone who has the opportunity to go!
And I do not know where I am going.
City Press understands that Malema and his lawyers are in discussions with Sars about tax compliance issues affecting his trust and business interests linked to the trust. Southern Africa Report quoted sources last month saying sufficient evidence had been gathered to charge Malema with tax evasion and money laundering.
With the warm temperatures I've been very patient...
I know that we will get pregnant and I know that the baby will come when he/she feels like it, if you’re listening, WE ARE READY!! :) I also know that when it does happen we will look back and be so grateful that it happened when it did. I have all the confidence in the world in Heavenly Father and I know that he knows what I need more than I know, so I am just putting all my trust in Him and will be so thankful when the time comes. I have also realized that I am glad that it has been harder than getting pregnant right away, even though it has been really hard, because I will be so grateful when I am pregnant, even if I am horribly sick.
originals, it's been a big influence on subsequent female singers.
Fifi loves me and trusts me. She trusts me enough to have me there assisting with her delivery. But the funniest thing happened this morning. As I was sitting on the floor directly beside her, I scooped up one of the kittens and had it in my hand. Fifi immediately sat up, and grabbed her baby by the back of the neck and put it back with it's siblings and layed back down cuddling her babies. She didn't want me holding her baby!. I can pet them while they are with her, but I can't pick it up.
directs and modifies my behavior. Both Mead’s self and the self that I have
Super Chevy
We are lucky here in west Wales – there are lots of local food producers, one of the best farm shops in the country, many small businesses on the high streets, lots of local crafts-people, a local flour mill and great places to eat. There are great opportunities to support our local economy and thus our local community. I’m not saying that I never shop in a supermarket or on-line, but many of my purchases do support local shop keepers and/or producers and I hope that my money is going round and round in the local economy and doing lots of good before finally moving out of the area.
If you don’t realize the source,
When we are tired, when we feel worn out, when all we want to do is curl up on the sofa and nap, then -
The problem alas is intractable. When you look at this video of this grieving grandmother claiming her daughter's bastard spawn "din do nuffins," it is clear as a bell for all Those Who Can See that this poor oppressed government-sustainee (housed, fed, clothes at taxpayer expense) is more concerned with assigning blame for the good chillen's untimely death (yes, she actually says, at minute .25 "I want da Man, to come and tell me, that it was justified, to go into that house, and kill all dem little babies. Dey was five littel ones inside. Das his mama house. Talk to the coaches in the basketball field. He a basketball playah he a football playah") than she is concerned with the fact that there has been a death in the fambly. In other words: and the New York Times will never touch on this with a ten foot pole: blacks do not seem to value the lives of their own kind, the way other people (asians, whites, etc.) do. It's weird the way that works.
Wood body
Today Kobe and I decided to go swimming. We went to the pool where we played for over 2 hours. It was so much fun and wore us both out.
“Any attempt to defraud the state will result in prosecution,” it said.
I go to my sewing machine and set it on a medium length basting stitch and I loosen the tension a bit so the extra fine fabric doesn't get all puckery. I use post-its or tape to mark how deep I want the hem and then I sew a line of stitching to mark my place.
This Court takes note of special circumstances relative to the case at bar. The Decision of this Court in G.R. No. 142738 categorically declared the lack of probable cause to indict petitioner for the same acts constitutive of the administrative charge against her, hence, it ordered the Sandiganbayan to dismiss the criminal case against petitioner and her co-accused. In the same vein, the COA Decision No. 2001-11 found no irregularity in the purchases by the NKTI of the blood bags from FVA and thus it lifted its previous disallowance of the payments to said purchases. Such determinations in favor of petitioner by other fora, independent they may be from the administrative action against her, serve as added reasons to warrant the taking of a hard look at the Ombudsman’s Memorandum Reviews.
“He was a totally one-of-a-kind performer,” said Sheets. “It was something wonderful to see, to watch him work.”
I don’t know if he would have liked to continue with films, but Mum certainly wouldn’t have let him!
here are a few pictures i took of a few of my adventures:
We had a wonderful week! I am so glad to have had the opportunity to take this vacation with my daughter, mom and baby sister. I hope to go back very, very soon....until then, the memories are going to carry me through many long Fall and Winter school days in Texas.
Then I began my somewhat circuitous walk back to the house. What that means is, I got lost. At about the moment I realized I was pretty turned around, it started to rain, and I began imagining a long, wet ramble. But then it quit raining and I got my bearings. I came out of the woods only about 100 feet from where I went in. Not too shabby.
11. Smitten For The Mitten
“Taylor can answer for herself,” Brian cut her off.
Though I’m the type to go at my own pace, my preferred speed is the slow-and-steady kind. Not as slow as the usual rank-and-file, but not too fast either. It also helps if I also take the systematic approach, as the going from point A to point B to et cetera is a familiar way for me to be brought up to speed better. I can’t just immediately skip to a faster, more advanced pace of mind. The backlash is a killer headrush, and I tend to do more harm than good while I’m at it.
“However, when the calves are born they have beige spotted and striped markings, which make them look incredibly like ‘watermelons on legs’. Marjorie will begin to lose her markings after a few months and when she is six months old she will look like a miniature adult.”
Some of us prefer spun sugar and frilly romance, others REVEL in angsty goodness and gratuitous violence. Write what you are comfortable with and people who like the same will find it.. Pay attention to the feedback you get from these people. Bask in the praise and learn something from the constructive criticism.
Add peppers, onions, parsley, and tomatoes.
So - who are the fun-suckers in the land of figs? They are proctors of Oxford University. I was in Oxford last weekend and wrote this post on the bus home. The pavements were littered with figs that have fallen from the trees. You didn't know there were figs in Oxford? Nor did I. But walk down Observatory Street or Woodstock Road, or countless other streets and you will find squished figs underfoot. They could do with an infestation of bushbabies to clear them up.
At any rate, I make no judgments. I simply notice these sorts of details and they, often against my will, aggregate into an idea of his deepest darkest secret. A poorly kept one to be sure. And truly, I want to more oblivious. I don't want to know that he has a loveless marriage and he watches football for questionable reasons.
but instead i just grab the magazines and let the rest pile up?
You must trust the learning process, you must trust yourself and your children.
Below is a pic of ladies waiting half an hour before my scheduled timeslot. I decided to slip in an extra demo due to demand!
Available online. Priced £28.00
Very interesting opening day. A few disappointments. A couple of well earned wins. And a possible preview of a repeat of Beijing.
95. Kane and Abel - Jeffrey Archer
FLORAL PAPERS: Paper Mojo
Play gooseberry in the dark,
This plant is in the Milkwort Family. Back in the time when wild plants were used regularly for medicinal purposes, milkworts were fed to nursing mothers and cows to increase milk production. Gaywings was also used to treat skin irritations. Start looking for this plant in early April. These photos were taken on the top of Brush Mountain near Blacksburg.
Located in picturesque south-western Karnataka, the Coorgis speak a different language called Kodava Takk. Influenced by Tulu, Malayalam, Tamil and Kannada languages, it’s different from the colloquial Kannada spoken elsewhere. But the difference doesn’t stop at that.
I am also giddy because I've launched myself out there more in the blogosphere, doing some commenting here and there and feeling the LOVE of all the people visiting my blog and then following me! Which is so sweet of everyone and I hope I can live up to their expectations. It's an increase of about 30%. (Did you see how I did that calculation? I know, so geeky.) We can blame my new blog friend Jen. She inspired me to get my a** in gear. Well, that and actually participating in the blog give and take.
If we examine these verses we see that they include:
“Never Fall Down” is written in broken English from Pond’s present-tense point of view, which adds to the story’s authenticity and immediacy. But it is in the end a novel.
The sun had just risen from sleep ending the darkness’ reign over the sky. The alarm clock started screaming the night away forcing me to pull out from the enchanting realm of sleep. I faced the day within the control of lethargy, powerless to shake off the grogginess. I forced myself to get up from my cozy little bed, for I knew that I had so many things to do.
her prints barely visible yet a slight impression left behind to hold a few drops of mirror-water,
Getting the huge oddly sized merchandise out of box filled with shipping popcorn
Mancini had said before the game he was expecting a tough game at Carrow Road but the result suggests anything but. Having been eight points ahead of Manchester City less than a week ago Manchester United now take on Aston Villa tomorrow with their lead cut to just two points.
COE: $9,275
and the "lid" shot - the ribbon was rescued from a broken box of christmas deckies too, so extra womble points there too!
Moreover, Mr. Altman said in a recent interview in his office, “I couldn’t see that I could find a jury that would convict.” Most people in a rural area with a high percentage of gun ownership would most likely accept that the fatal shot was in self-defense, he said.
Traits of Non-Performers
For myself, the challenge will be the shoes. I never seem to find thrift store shoes I like or in my size and even a pair from Payless can blow the entire $20. I suppose a pair of $2 flip-flops would work...but that almost seems like cheating.
I’m clearly not the only person who sees the value in an old piece of clothing!
For me, those happy spectres will always haunt the place, just as those nights at Mirror will ever define the decade of my 30s, and just as Mike and Colleen will always reign along that now-gentrified stretch of 12South. To you both, my friends, I send my thanks across the ether: thank you for all the wonderful meals, drinks, songs, and stories; thank you Colleen and Steph for teaching me to dress like a girl and for cheering for me when I made my first, shaky attempts thereof; thank you Mike for welcoming us and feeding us at all hours of the night, and for teaching us a little something about how to move around a kitchen.
How gorgeous is Nikki in this image?! It's called Nikki & Buttercup building a snowman and you can buy them here
For now, I’ll leave it be with a couple of fantastic links:
mate". Lenny Henry doesn't tell any gags, but does some rather fine
22. Crowd - Drum Solo - Portrait (He Knew)
Barked Kelly.
For my part, I’m glad to have a few more years to see how my tiny tornado takes on the world while still having the safety of our little family to retreat to after a tough day of directing teachers and classmates presumably less qualified for greatness. I hope she finds a way to keep all her confidence and moxy intact to adulthood. If she does, the world had better watch out. The Force is strong with this one…
I think the wonder of his love for, of his obsession, overshadowed any guilt. It was almost a warning not to go cracking your skull while I'm eating this or you might just be lying there for a while.
In ICS, Android no longer requires a separate password to protect the system credential storage. Rather, it uses the screen lock password for this purpose, and the Android Device Administration API can be used for central policy enforcement. This means, for example, that the screen lock password can’t be removed as long as the secured credentials remain on the device.
Right here in Texas, we have more than enough oil wells already drilled and capped off to sustain ourselves for decades to come--so long as we don't sell it to too many other states. But, our neighbors all around us also have plenty of oil already drilled and capped off. So do our further reaching neighbors to the west and northwest, and especially our big cousin, Alaska.
Here are links to the five posts:
-paper plates
Aside from those DIY type updates, the bathroom totally needs some decorative textiles to help blend the blue and pink spaces together. Right now those spaces feel totally disconnected and some carefully coordinated textiles will help the bathroom feel like one cohesive space. Here's what I'm thinking it needs....
And Dolores, my friend, thanks for sharing them!
Simply apply a few drops of the essential oil in your shampoo rinsing water and rinse with it. Also avoid heat treatments and styling your hair using heat as much as possible. This is because heat damages the hair structure leading to excess breakage. If you guys still want more articles let us know – respond below….
It's raining outside, but I want no shelter.
After releasing four albums, the mainstream finally discovered Prince with this album. Not only was the song “Little Red Corvette” being played on pop radio stations, it was also being played on rock stations. When it came to black folks loving rock music, Prince was the guy to look up to. Also, the album marks the beginning of mainstream media calling Prince a rock star.
Well, it is Monday again and that means it is time for another fabulous challenge at Ooh La La Creations. Firstly, please let me say a big thank you for all the entries that we had for the last challenge. Please stop by the Ooh La La Challenge Blog to see who our lucky winners were. Remember, there is no Random Org here, the Design Team take it in turns to pick their favourite and two runners up - so if you won it's because we loved your creation!!
There are plenty of sites that can help the online poker players to know about rakeback deals .And in addition to this one can even know about sites which offer free poker prizes, and free poker cash besides rake back and VIP poker deals.
I seem to you to seek a new disaster every day
If you're not familiar with the song, play this video. Can you say awkward much?! What is a girl to do in such a situation? The song before that had me nodding my head and singing a long then suddenly this song came on. I did the only thing I could think of doing...I put my sunglasses on and pretended to sleep.
NCIS Season 7 (Columbia House)
"But America is the place for numbers really. We've just done all the sunshine areas. Now sunshine, what ever it does to anyone else, has the most alarming repercussions within me. Things happen to my body. I undergo chemical changes.
I find that many literature on 'the gifted' seem to skew towards explaining away difficult behaviour in 'gifted children' as some kind of expected by-product of their intellectual ability. I don't subscribe to this theory. It sets people up to expect neurotic and awkward behvaiour from those who think differently, as well as to assume that high intellect and social graces are mutually exclusive. I personally think that being smart (through exceptional academic training) is only one of many parts of the equation to having a happy, successful life. The thing that troubles me greatly about most of the books I have read so far about 'gifted children' is how they have overly empahsized the importance of developing such children's intellect at the expense of considering the other factors that are necessary to achieve overall fulfilment in adulthood. The only person whom I have found to take a more pragmatic view (in my opinion) is Dr. Joan Freeman. She is not very popular with parents who like to gush about their gifted children and cannot bear the thought that it takes more than being super smart to succeed in life, but her observations and theories certainly strike a chord with me. Her book, Gifted Children Grown Up, is a sobering read, especially to those who desperately want to believe that a strong intellect is the single most important guarantee of a successful adult life. If you can stomach the idea of reading real stories of unsuccessful 'geniuses' and why they fail, this book or a more recent one will open your mind to a number of seldom-considered factors in terms of supporting gifted children.
Did you run on schedule or late on your wedding day?
They key to these potatoes are to toss them in the vinaigrette when the potatoes are still warm. They will absorb all of the vinaigrette and be delicious. If you wanted to make this a creamy potato salad you could add some Greek yogurt into the mix. It would be tangy and delicious! Also make sure you boil the potatoes first and cut them fairly thick. You want to make sure they don't break apart on the grill or when you boil them.
Ruth went to be with the Lord yesterday morning about 7:30. She died peacefully at home in no pain with my dad and I.
The Moth and her posse never did tell Queen Firefly something was eating the Moon. Later that night, the Cat barely had enough room in her bloated stomach to squeeze in a Queen Firefly dessert.
PJ Pesce is a film director/writer. Here, he's talking about working on straight-to-dvd film sequels (before you judge him on that, I'd read his Wikipedia page at the end of the link above).
And the first picture was taken when we got home.
a bit optimistic. However,
Speaking at the African National Congress Youth League's electoral conference, Malema said the youth league had put nationalization and land seizures on the agenda. He has also pushed bank nationalization in the past.
when you murdered his only last hope
Eve stood up on stage and called Johnny up.
She just launched a new website and new pieces in her shop. I don't know about you, but I'm a big stationary lover and all things letterpress fanatic... I have the calendar and the synchronized swimmers box set and I'm absolutely loving them! hmmm christmas gifts anyone??? Get an early start and use the code
North and south and east and west,
That may be the reason in some cases, but from my experience, observations and discussions I've had with other men, it's not the reason in most cases. First, some of my favorite followers are women in their 40s and 50s and I would dance with them any time, no matter how pretty are the alternatives, but I just realized last night, when I go dancing, I will usually either dance with the really good dancers, or with the promising "beginners". In most cases, they are young (hence, pretty I guess). Why would I dance with a beginner over the more seasoned veteran dancer, who, while not great, is certainly better then the beginner?
I’ve never tried to hide the fact that I’ve been through a couple of divorces, but I consider myself to be “Single” and note my status thusly. “Divorced” connotates a perennial condition remedied only by remarriage. If I got married again, I obviously would change my status to “Married,” but that wouldn’t change the fact that I’ve been divorced. If this holds true for marriage, shouldn’t it also be the case for singledom?
However, the 23.4% decline in the amount spent by Spanish investors abroad is now a staggering 81% below the peak of 2007. In 2011 Spanish investors put 618 million euros into foreign property, compared to 807 million in 2010.
Yesterday the puppies received parvo vaccinations and deworming meds. Eyes open and playful, we have a happy family on their way to good health and forever homes!
Sean Qualls
Price: $23.95
Two boneless, skinless chicken breasts
south ...
What about the loyalists who are frustrated with where Umno is heading? They vote against Umno to teach it a lesson. So Umno might go back to what it once was?
Let's Party....
McQuade learns to team up with the FBI and state police, and they learn to let him kick ass.
So wherever you are, whatever mistake you have written in the journal of your life, know that God has ripped it from the pages. There’s only love. There’s only grace.
before the foot of a passer-by should disturb them.
The photo is one that I used from another blog months ago, whom I credited and linked back to. I (wrongly) assumed that the photographer of the said photo was the blog author whom I linked to. This was not the case. The other blog must have gotten the photo from somewhere else and the copyright was infringed upon in that instance as well.
If the limit isn’t raised by Aug. 2 the government will not be able to pay its bills. Boehner said Saturday that he wanted to announce a breakthrough in talks before the financial markets opened in Asia on Sunday.
Cinnamon - 1/2 inch
Loneliness focuses on self whereas Love is selfless. Ever known someone who “loved” you because they were lonely? How about someone who really loved you (regardless of what it did for them)? Notice a difference, did you?
She is sounding things out everywhere. She read an exit sign yesterday and then asked what "exit" meant. We have been talking about logic, things "making sense," and doing things in the proper order. As I am clipping her toenails tonight, she says, "Remember how we were talking about doing things so that they make sense? Well, it wouldn't make sense for me to put socks on right before you're ready to clip my toenails."
“Stay and turn to stone,
So if you are at the Lorong Halus Wetland, go a bit further and check the greenery beyond. There are many things to discover if you just take the time.
I was reading the blog of one Mr. Eric Olson, who writes Pressure Support, about his son Liam. Eric and I met through Mission: iPossible, well...before that actually. He and I were both one of the original Marissa's Bunny contest winners on behalf of our kids, and as it turns out, when Heather asked me to be a part of a restoration project that ended up becoming Mission: iPossible, I got to know Eric as his family was one of the remaining families from that original 'Winners List'.
How in the world did all this fit in there?!?!?! But sadly, he's so accustomed to my OCD outbreaks, he just said, "Cool." I left things like this and ran to make dinner. "Who wants breakfast for dinner?!?" (Better known as B4D in our house.)
“If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their money, first by inflation and then by deflation, the banks and corporations that will grow up around them, will deprive the people of their property until their children will wake up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered.” – Thomas Jefferson
I'll admit, the overall configuration of her leather mini-skirt was sublime (the front zipper was to die for), as were the opaque tightnesss of her pantyhose (which looked extra opaque in the lighting of the Jake's garish ufo pad). Oh, and the casual manner in which she declared she wasn't into "water sports" was downright adorable (no "animal acts" either). They were all pluses as I carefully scrutinized Melanie Griffith's nuanced performance. (I won't lie, the actress can come off as a tad shrill at times.) But when it came to representing Reagan-era femininity, nothing comes close to topping the sight of Deborah Shelton walking in heels, driving convertibles, talking on the phone, window shopping, trying on panties, removing her sunglasses, adjusting the fit of her shoes, riding escalators, and brushing her hair in Los Angeles circa 1984.
Anyway:
The scary part? We have no clue where we're going!
We get to start off the New Year with a visit from my best friend since birth, who's current residence is in Conventary in the UK. Also her mother who lives in Texas, USA.
I have just 2 weeks to get our things all squared away that we will need for the vacation, so I have been done some shopping recently, mostly all online. It is tough to get out with Bo right now due to nursing demands. My options daily are to get my exercise or go shopping. I really can't get both done in a day so I choose to online shop if I need to so that I don't have to give up my afternoon walk with him. I live for those walks!
I have a list of 40 beer to write about. I have 3 pages of notes about last weeks Great Arizona Beerfest to share. I have some rough templates of websites I would love to get feedback on before I go live. I even found a welder who has agreed to build my Brutus 10 brewing system for me. I just don't want to write about any of these things until I have completed at least one of them to my satisfaction.
Ozzy Osbourne Band
No, where the danger occurs, where goals and objectives become mindless and potentially destructive to the individual, is in cases where goals and objectives are distanced from the most exceptional motivator of all - dreams.
Cordelia Frances Biddle, Chris Grabenstein, Kathryn Miller Haines, Don Helin, Larry Kerr, Valerie Malmont, Paul Malmont, Alan Orloff, Dennis Royer, Elana Santangelo, JD Shaw, Mike Silvestri, Maria V. Snyder, David R. Stewart, and Marta Perry.
#29. Thankful for technology. Love my iphone, blogging, facebook, Words with Friends, email, texts, etc
US weather/natural events:
Floppy Drive ----- When you take your plaas wekkas to the clinic . . .
Encouraged us to stay.
There stood sweet Miranda,
Not much apart from screeching blue murder at the affair of Mr. Cheng Guangcheng, a blind lawyer who is a Chinese dissident. Cheng somehow got out of his house and - although blind - managed to evade the cops and end up at the US Embassy. Right now there's a diplomatic solution in the works that would allow the man to go to the US to study, which enables both sides to save face.
“We are thrilled to showcase the creative spirit of these three companies who have demonstrated their support of our mission by participating in this unique experience.” said National Building Museum executive director Chase W. Rynd. “We invited our corporate supporters to be a part of the cityscape of LEGO® Architecture and were honored when these industry powerhouses invested a combined 641 hours of their valuable time and talent to design and build models that illuminate the innovation and creativity of the building arts and science and wow the Museum’s visitors.”
The text and original four-color illustrations will be a beautiful and touching reminder to Mom that her love is never forgotten. The text is a reminder of those things that only a mother's heart knows, with some special emphasis on a Christian mother. Appropriate Scripture verses will be incorporated into the design element.
A wave of pain, a shock going to through a small town,
Liberals produce very little. They live to govern the producers and decide what to do with the production. Liberals believe Europeans are more enlightened than Americans. That is why most of the liberals remained in Europe when conservatives were coming to America. They crept in after the Wild West was tamed and created a business of trying to get more for nothing.
Does your Mother Know
Basically all this is the long way around to saying I need to make a dungeon of great size and re-usability. I need something that I can run a thousand times with new players each time or any mix of people who have already been down into the depths and still have it be fun for everyone. I also want persistence so I can't just have a new dungeon every week. This means a Megadungeon, and not just any such place but one with a "first level" of immense size and a great number of entrances to all parts of it.
So it all began this evening as I was standing in front of the pantry eating chocolate chips out of the bag and I thought, "This is just sad", so I went about trying to find a more dignified way to get my chocolate fix. After I did some investigating into the pantry and discovered pretzels and pecans, I had a moment of divine inspiration - a.k.a What Would Ina Garten Do? - and I decided to combine the three ingredients to create a salty-sweet snack. Here is the recipe:
Many people who are not affected by Celiac disease are making the switch to a gluten-free diet, claiming that it helps them lose weight, gain energy, improve concentration etc. Of course there can be something to that as we are all very different and react to foods in very different ways - some people find that eliminating gluten, or even just wheat makes them feel dramatically better than they did before. Great! But as we all search in vain for the "miracle diet" that will make us feel amazing, look our best, and allow us to take over the world, we must remember that there isn't one right answer. We have to take time to listen to ourselves, and give our own bodies a real chance to tell us what is best for us. Even if your best friend gives up gluten and feels incredible, it may not necessarily be the right choice for you.
government but has become a
Because she's a journalist, Laurie's stories are factual. There's little embellishment which means you're always secure in the knowledge that you're getting the truth. She's never mean about people. She'll tell you just the right fact to help you get the entire picture about a person or a situation. And her narrative is riveting, whether she's writing about her childhood, her travels or her
just as quickly as they fly into my brain.
BRONKHORSTSPRUIT: Allen Hepburn stabbed to death on his smallholding by black attackers.
‘Nein. All Greeks are corrupt.’
The following creations have been made using items from a little package from Gerri!! Gerri sent out packages of her stash to particpants and we had to make a creation using 4 or 5 items from the 'stash'. Gerri will be displaying all the particpants work on her blog! I can't wait to see what amazing creations everyone has made!!
This problem persists with many today. We have prejudices that keep us from doing the will of God. How can the Lord direct us to step three until we have successfully met the commands of step two? Nor will we know the content of step three until we have mastered step two.
I wish someone would have told me just how bad random blogs can be, before I clicked on that "Next blog" button.
6) The new book Project Japan by Rem Koolhaas and Hans Ulrich Obrist is an incredible document, in both physical and intellectual terms. The design, by Irma Boom, is gorgeous, and the contents—consisting of long, illustrated interviews with such figures as Arata Isozaki, Kenzo Tange's Tange Lab, Kiyonori Kikutake, Kisho Kurokawa, and many others, scattered amongst historical imagery and present-day site photos—offer a fascinating oral history of the Metabolist movement. As Koolhaas sums it up, Metabolism offered "a manifesto for the total transformation of the country" based on three specific principles. Still quoting Koolhaas: a) The archipelago has run out of space: mostly mountainous, the surfaces fit for settlement are subdivided in microscopic, centuries old patchworks of ownership
I stamped some old chipboard letters from my stash with the cover a card stamp inked with versafine and cut the wings from the Tim Holtz Alterations: Bigz Die - Heart and wings which were then colored and triple embossed with a crackle stamp pressed into the melted embossing powder
Saint Walpurga was canonised on this date and because of her associations as a "grain mother" the Eve of her celebration has become paganised as "Walpurgisnacht" in Teutonic countries. I wonder what this Christian saint would make of her festivities becoming a Witches' Sabbath?
Below describes what was next. I tried to hit a snatch with out warming it up previously (before the burpees)…that doesnt work haha..and now I know this for a competition. I should of did my bar work before the burpees but I honestly wanted to see what I could pull with going straight into it…..215 was it, within the given time. I then had that amrap after that.
I would like to be 1:1 ipod touch or iPad at some point. But, for now, I share free apps with the students and try to find the Android, Blackberry, and iPod/iPhone equivalent. Put a picture of the QR Code for each of those on the Powerpoint Slide and show it on the board. The students can take a picture of the Code for their device and be taken to the app download screen immediately.
This and phone calls. Search your minds; have you phoned me today to sing and cheer and say you love me and are in awe over my brilliant existence?
The 5-year ARM was unchanged from last week’s average of 2.85 percent (0.7 point). A year ago, the 5-year ARM was 3.47 percent.
Setting goals to achieve your vision and know which direction you should move in can be as simple as 1, 2,3.
"The Sensational Guitars Of Dan And Dale-Batman And Robin-1966 US":
I have just a few suggestions before you leave your dish and fill your plate.
and take the debris back to Hidden Canyon,
available at bluefly.com
Today’s prompt is “write a problem poem. The poem could be about a problem the narrator is suffering through, or someone else’s problem. Or a math problem.”
10 am - 6 pm, Wednesday to Sunday,
Disregarding any of the higher isolation levels and using the out-of-box read committed isolation level you’d expect an exclusive lock to block a share lock. Here’s a case, admittedly not that common, where blocking does not occur.
A 4.9 earthquake has hit the east coast. In California, we call that an appetizer.
Here is what it looked like in there:
We still aren’t there to kiss his boo-boo’s and we still aren’t there to tuck him in at night. We aren’t there to take him to doctors appointments and to tell him it’s okay to cry.
Him: You still want to leave at two?
for The Twinery / SRM Stickers Product Showcase
I cannot do this all again!
Chest pain related to the chest wall: There are various conditions that can cause the muscles, bones, skin and soft tissues of the chest wall to become painful.
Stryker is furious and, pointing at one mutant by the name of Kurt Wagner, alias Nightcrawler, says, “Human, you call that thing human?”
If worst comes to worst, I’ll find him a good divorce lawyer.
Emma Townsend has always believed in stories—the ones she reads voraciously, and the ones she creates in her head. Perhaps it’s because she feels like an outsider at her exclusive prep school, or because her stepmother doesn’t come close to filling the void left by her mother’s death. And her only romantic prospect—apart from a crush on her English teacher—is Gray Newman, a long-time friend who just adds to Emma’s confusion. But escape soon arrives in an old
¾ teaspoon baking soda
About 50 organizations, including insurance companies, business groups, and health care advocates had been meeting weekly.
“Well… yes… but… actually, there’s a bar downtown and I thought we should go there first ‘cos there’s a band playing that would be well worth seeing before the show”. The good Stokes is giving little away and I’m not entirely convinced. Nor am I really of a mindset to go see a bar-band but… to humour him… sure, why not.
Ultimately, living in a high rise condo in Atlanta where space is a premium...consolidating as many as I could onto each page is what made the most sense for me - no rhyme or reason, just packed-in! I mounted each envelope using Aleene's Tacky glue onto 12"x12" heavy chipboard to handle the weight of the die sets.
One source of the exaggeration of a love of travel is social pressure, but, there is another source too: erroneously ascribing benefits to travel that are really just benefits to being unencumbered and in a good state of mind. When individuals travel, they are off from school or work and often are with friends and loved ones. I suspect that for a lot of individuals, it is not travel itself that makes them happy; it’s just that travel is correlated with other factors that tend to make people happy.
We walked to Bryant Park and sat and talked while he had breakfast. After that we walked down 5th Avenue. We first stopped at St. Patrick's Cathedral, which is just gorgeous. I had seen it from the outside the first night, but this day we went inside. It was a special moment for me. The Cathedral is just so majestic. It's not something I can explain, but something that would have to be experienced first hand. I chose to light a candle and took a moment to just take it all in. As we were leaving the Cathedral, standing in the lobby my friend decided to kiss me for the first time. It was quite a morning.
2) she is a girl.
Without hesitation, the elder idiot placed his bony finger on the shiny red button….. and with a gentle push….. the Idiot world of practical jokes was soon launched into the depths of a dark nuclear winter.
This is a lesson in pronounciation. The Word of the Day: Coyote
LeBron James has been highly criticized for the lack of production he displays in the 4th quarter. It was almost as if he didn’t want to play when the Cavaliers made it to the finals a few years ago, or even during the finals last year in Miami. He looked disoriented and had no poise what so ever.
Now, to be fair, this is a matter of personal taste. I don't know what anybody else really tastes when they eat any more than I know what they see or hear. We'd have to swap bodies with each other (perhaps brain components as well). I can only go by the perceived reactions and the counted votes of others. This material is sold in Australia as a "Product of the USA" by Hormel Foods. The label contains phrases like "ignited by Habanero peppers".
Get more information from Livena Eliszewski
a week later was my doctors appt. I was terrified because I was sooo afraid something was wrong with jordan.. this was the first appt i was going to alone, and I was so afraid.
Number Zero Gin (and Number Zero Rum) bill themselves as “Low-cost Premium”. This may seem contradictory, but I believe that it is possible to have a competitive balance of both quality and value for money. Examples of gins in a similar category are: Limbrey’s, Taurus and, of course, Plymouth.
While the Pew study cites the troubled economy as the leading factor for boomerangs. The growth of deadbeats in our society has a lot to do with our over-permissive and overindulgent parenting styles. (Pr. 3:11-12) (Pr. 13:24) (Pr 19:18) Christian families are also falling prey to this as more and more parents equate permissiveness with love. This is one of the main reasons for the decline of our society.
The cover still looks great and has flying cars. Flying cars are always off in the future aren’t they?
Hope you will do something different this week.
dinner is in the crock-pot.
terry forster
I had been worried about falling asleep during the class, as I had during the second day of C1. I’d gotten up extra early to attend the beginning of our Oriental Medicine Association annual meeting, then rushed over to Betsy’s, and I’m usually wiped on Saturdays anyway. I got through the day just fine, though, and in fact I felt more and more energized as the class went on. Queen Marie never showed up, but I saw myself in my queen-archetype guise, not as a beginning student, but as royalty from another country, as a master in my own right. This has happened before, and I don’t understand it yet, but I like it. I confess that, despite my fairly low level of skill, I am beginning to see myself as a power, an entity much like Michael and the other angels, saints, and avatars. Maybe that’s just hubris, or maybe that’s the whole point. That’s exactly what we are.
Thank you again to everyone for all of the love, prayers and support over the last 4 years. We love you!
This blog is where I come to express frustration and share the struggles and the joy of life. I am just as flawed as the next guy and don't pretend to be without fault. I come here, and try to be transparent and share my struggles and weaknesses. Sometimes I feel like in society we lack authenticity because we feel like we always have to keep it together. If only we were honest with ourselves and others, we could all really relate and help each other. At least that is what I think and so I will continue to do so.
We got Carter a play stroller at the yard sale for 50 cents. There was another one there, but Evan never shows any interest in them at playgroups, so I didn't get one for him. I should have known better and of course, they started fighting over it. Luckily, my mom brought up these two umbrella strollers that she keeps at her house, so we'll have them when Greg's family comes out this summer. The boys used those all week to push around their stuffed animals. Then they learned that they make great seats while watching cartoons!
... emailed two other friends who are helping with kids and rides this week where we are double-booked.
The cats are getting fat and need the exercise. Besides, one of them is already like a dog and would appreciate the company.
The following buildings in Jamaica were also given landmark status:
Bob was a fighter pilot in the Marine Corps. He was on a routine training flight when his plane crashed. Bob ejected but his parachute didn’t open. What are the odds of a plane crashing and a parachute failing at the same time? Was this an accident or did God have to take two shots to get Bob out? The Marine Corps never told me the results, but they for sure investigated the hell out of the situation that killed a man they’d spent millions of dollars to train, not to mention costing them a very expensive plane.
2. Leggings and tights are NOT pants. Just don’t. Neither are suitable pant replacements EVER. There is even a Facebook group you can join that’s just about that. A full out vent session about people who mistaken leggings for pants. Just don’t. EVER.
maybe my lost soul still wandering on van ness
2 reaction
Wei’s men scrambled to surround the U-shaped building. An eight-foot chain-link fence, topped by concertina wire, held the soldiers back 50 feet from the building. The building’s owner had constructed the fence as the neighborhood around the building declined. Now, the fence lent itself to the building’s defenses as if it had been planned for just such a purpose.
I can’t fathom any motive, either psychological or scientific, for Wilson and Company to repeatedly denigrate the importance of inclusive-fitness theory. It’s just a shame that, this late in his career, Wilson has chosen to fight the wrong battle. In the meantime, contrast his attacks on the value of kin selection with the summary paragraphs of Strassman and Queller (2007), who, after reviewing the bearing of inclusive-fitness theory on understanding social insects, conclude:
Good books!
One thing to bear in mind here, I think, is that although the Bond novels are obviously a series, they're also designed to be standalone, and lean much more towards the latter design than the former. You can pick up any Bond book and dive in, with no knowledge of previous books required. Historically, particularly in the years before the internet made finding out in which order to read books in a series a hell of a lot easier, that's almost certainly the way they were read – bought at random, devoured equally haphazardly. In which light, Bond's romancing of a different woman in each book perhaps isn't so objectionable: for many readers, there wouldn't have been a previous book to compare it to.
Me: "Are all the Oktoberfest beers on sale?"
* Book Introductions
I have you, mom, nestled in my heart forever, so I will never forget how much you mean to me and how much I love you. Thank you, mom....thank you.......
Fun friends, great memories made on the beach.
He smiles and motions towards two women sitting a few booths away. Both of them are extremely hot. One of them is wearing a T-shirt that reads WE DO IT BETTER IN TUSCALOOSA.
I know most of the people won't do this but i am a world citizen! I wanna know the lifestyle of the local and also everything (bottom up) about the city i am living now. I don't wanna simply waste my time here just doing a research project or enjoying the city like a passer by!
WOOFWOOFWOOFWOOFBARKBARKBARKBARKWOOFWOOF!!!
Hence, there's a cachet to 212: it is historic, with implied roots and stability of the owner of the number, both residential or business. New phone numbers with the area code 212 are no longer available; someone interested in the area code must rely on getting a recycled number via luck or purchase such numbers through specialized websites. This prestige associated with a 212 area code was even used as a minor plot thread in a Seinfeld episode, The Maid. So, New Yorkers Love 212. As a long time resident of the city, I am pleased that my home and office numbers all have 212 area codes.
On support for Medical Marijuana Act: I will enforce Oregon’s Medical Marijuana Act as attorney general. The voters passed it for a very compassionate reason and it will be my job to uphold the law.
Museo Galileo is the number 4 stop on my list. I have always been intrigued by Galileo and his teachings, and now I can visit a whole museum (plus I’ll get to see his middle finger on display). I’ve already been to the University where he taught in Padua and seen his tomb in Santa Croce, so this will round out my Italian adventures with Galileo. The museum is full of scientific and surgical instruments, the “shrine” to Galileo, and, from what I hear, an amazing collection of early maps and globes- which, I have an obsession with!
Oi! Vatican! Are you 'aving a larf? I go away for 24 hours to lecture for some good Benedictine nuns and celebrate Mass for them, spending several hours each way on trains boats and buses and you decide during this period when I am away from the blog:
“This performance represents incredible growth amongst the students in our chapter. Just two years ago, we were a chapter of less than 10 students,” said Nell Rapport, a business teacher at Harvey and the group’s adviser.
There are those frustrated believers who claim that they just don’t know what the Lord wants of them. They are assured they are out of His will and don’t know what to do about it. They can invariably go back to square one. First of all; have they accepted Christ as their Lord and Saviour? Then, if the answer is yes, go back to that first step and see if that was obeyed. Somewhere along the way the instruction of the Lord was not obeyed.
How much influence does Murdoch truly wield? Over the political process, evidently plenty, considering how British politicians all feared his considerable wrath, and how cravenly Republicans in the U.S. seek the favors of Fox News. Media outlets that are wielded as weapons of destruction with no regard for reality, and readerships and viewerships in the millions, is coercive to democracy.
Happy Monday everyone and I hope you had a great weekend! I had a wonderful weekend spending it with family. The baptism for baby Arya was beautiful and she was so good! She is such a little peanut and such a happy baby! Today, is also my wedding Anniversary. Wahoo... 29 years! I can't believe it's been that long. It really doesn't seem that long. I have honestly been blessed with an amazing man, that's for sure!!
Actress, Baywatch, Melrose Place. – SoyStache Interview
Today I am thankful for having survived the stupid things I did in high school and college and for having made it this far. I'm thankful for all the blessings in my life, my hubby of almost 34 yrs, my two amazing daughter's and their families-the grands are the joy of my life. I am thankful that even in the midst of hard decisions-like yesterday, family and friends are there beside me to encourage and comfort me. I am thankful for the Comforter, who never leaves me or forsakes me.
the mills are dead now mate;
An ardent – almost ferocious – advocate of the Waldorf Steiner system of education is Karthi, an ex-cognitive psychologist from Hewlett Packard, Singapore – an area that fuses engineering with design to make interactive experiences simple, elegant and meaningful. (Think Apple).
So if you like me, love to read a good chick-flic and have a soft spot for Jane Austen novels in general, then you should pick up a copy of Alexandra Potter's book and read it. Happy that a friend gave me an opportunity to read this book :o)
So ALL damn day, I'm boasting about my "'cock' skills". And about how adept I am at "using the 'cock' gun". And "no one better lay a hand on it, cause that's my 'cock'". (Hmmm, how many times can I use the word cock in one post? Let's see!) I think I was a bit too excited. But hey, everyone was laughing. And I was hearing "hahahaha - Arianna, you're so funny" and "Arianna sure can cock". You get the picture.
Me: "Whatever kid! You can't cook!"
Outside the bar the door staff put up barriers to stop them getting out and running riot. But what is highly dangerous is when the gangstas try to take guns in with them. The police respond with armed police officers brandishing machine guns who line the gangstas on the floor handcuff their hands behind their backs and take their guns off them. Recently, the violence was so bad that they had a police helicopter circling above the venue. But this is never reported.
And this is especially sad in light of the fact that more of our neighbors are experiencing hard economic times, possibly being unemployed for an extended period, having to exhaust savings just to survive. Many formerly middle-class people are experiencing real need. I know of a number of such cases.
The quote card came from Pinterest. See it here. The journaling card on the bottom row was printed last year. I think it was a Becky Higgins freebie but I have no idea if it's something that is still available for download. It has the journaling for the photo of where Bubba wrote his name on the dry erase board. I do most of my journaling with the typewriter or on the computer, but I do like to include a little bit of my handwriting on each layout when possible.
You can make these with a topping like I did or just make them plain. You could throw a nice whipped cream cheese frosting on them, decorate for fall and call them cupcakes. You can also make them with a sweeter topping more resembling a crumble if you really want something, sweet, sweet, sweet!
But I’d settle for a low A
I had not wished to sacrifice life, what of all those I love this Christmas Present.
John Ashton (English Democrats) 176 (3%)
Westerns don't really get much love these days, which is sad considering that it's one of the classic movie genres and for decades a reliable supplier of much on-screen badassery and general mayhem. It's understandable in a way, since the typical Western lends itself well to slower pacing and methodical storytelling. Also, after watching Clint Eastwood's Unforgiven, you'd think there wasn't any reason to make another western again. Truth is, the last decade has seen a bit of a comeback for this type of movie, mostly as remakes. 2010 had the Coen brothers try their hand at a remake of sorts with True Grit, and back in 2007 we were treated to a good, old fashioned Western with 3:10 to Yuma (remake of a 1957 flick), which features, like any movie set in the Old West ought to, plenty of fightin', murderin', thievin', and drinkin'.
The key to the work of grace
Somewhere here, even among the president's bodyguards who are portrayed in surprising detail, there may have been a few people who could carry the emotional ball, so to speak. As it is, we applaud the final game but must leave the cheering to the on-screen fans.
The Internet has become so much a part of our lives that a whole new body of law has been developed. An estimated 45% of Americans generate their own online content, including videos, on blogs, websites, and social networking sites. It is becoming essential to know how to stay legal online and to protect your own online interests. Joy R. Butler is a business and media attorney who has authored The Cyber Citizen’s Guide Through the Legal Jungle: Internet Law for Your Professional Online Presence ($19.95, Sashay Communications, softcover). As a longtime professional writer and someone with two websites and a blog, I would certainly recommend this book for anyone who uses the Internet as a business tool, publishes an email newsletter, or offers original content. There is all manner of excellent advice to be garnered from this guide and it is the kind that can save you from making some costly mistakes as well as protecting against online predators. Want to help a young person graduating from college this month? Give them Gradspot.com’s Guide to Life After College ($14.95, MG Prep, softcover). I wish I had had such a book when I graduated shortly after the last ice age ended! It is filled with excellent advice on finding work and career options, housing options, smart tips on credit card use, budgeting, buying versus leasing a car, and so much more. All the pitfalls that wait for grads (and everyone else) are addressed in this guide.
Perhaps one of the reasons why the Jaters and Skaters were infamous on the Internet for their childish fights, and detested by the Lost fanbase as a whole, was because their battle for that all important confirmation, or "endgame" status, became about more than just the dominance of their preferred male, but also for their respective preferred type of romance. And why the outcome was so hard to call, why each side would swear on all their families and friends that they were supporting the "right" side, was because neither side was decidedly wrong. Because who is to decide which art is more valid, the classic or the popular? Who can say what type of romance is more relevant in the 21st century, the traditional or the sensational?
A box contains about 35 crackers. Carr’s crackers are well distributed and should be widely available. Carr’s Table Water Crackers have my endorsement.
In response to a slide show of underwater shots:
My heart is going out to you, too, KIW. As I’ve written before, we should acknowledge the existence of “good pedophiles,” who are burdened with a sexual interest in children but who possess the moral sense to resist acting on that interest. It’s a lifelong struggle for “good pedophiles,” and most manage to succeed without any emotional support—to say nothing of credit—whatsoever.
Here are the promised fuchsia lippie swatches:
I’m a firm believer in food as one of the best ways of learning about a new culture. I’d heard that Lima is the culinary capital of the Americas, but as it turns out, Cusco is no slouch, either. Where SkyKitchen focused primarily on savory main courses, ChocoMuseo in Cusco gets straight to the heart of the matter with chocolate classes and workshops.
All in all, the book was enjoyable to read and I would recommend to everyone who love music romance and drama.
Philly took off with the blanket dangling like a flag, not that it was going to be much use to her out in the wilds.
As part of Uloma’s vows, she had told God that she would now always wear skirts to church-no more the body-hugging flashy skirts but, the long-loose ‘born-again’ skirts. In what must have been my first-coming-of-age rebellion, I stuck to my trousers-and that was how we were that night.
The couple -- who were living in Scotland but planning to relocate to the US -- were in Pakistan to attend a family wedding which Hussain was also attending. Hussain has since returned to his home in Jersey City, N.J.
I do still have a bunch of questions though... but to hear other people talk about it... my questions just don't matter... I beg to differ...
(From Tuesday’s Daily.)
"Barn Dance" is definitely an album with great titles. Listening to this album will take you into the deep South of the 1920s. A band to watch and an album to recommend.
Before I arrived at this dock, I had pulled over on the side of the road about a quarter mile away to take pictures. I've been down here enough to know this particular dock is plastered with No Trespassing signs. And who am I to argue with a sign, or at least so many signs?
24-year-old Jonathan Smith, of Limestone County, Alabama, had recently purchased a handgun. On Friday he took a gun-safety course, on Sunday he unintentionally shot and killed himself.
Front squat 1-1-1-1-1 max 47.5 kg
We didn't feel resentment,
- Taxi from airport to hotel 62 euros
This collection has been accumulated over a number of years and we almost have enough to get us through each night of December through Christmas (maybe then I'll have to make an advent calendar with books), but for now it's 19 books....
One week in my parents' care, however, and she is a new dog. The answer? A squirt bottle. My dad figured out that Maggie hates the squirt bottle and so he took it with him on a walk around the very same lake that had previously troubled us so greatly. Every time a dog approached, my dad would say "leave it" and then squirt her if she barked. She stopped immediately. The next time, he just said "leave it" and she stopped. After awhile, she just trotted past the dogs with no issue at all. Cured.
A valued form of greeting in Thailand is the "wai", where the hands are placed together around the nose area and a bow tie is made, but
Because there’s a characteristic about what happens when you destroy a currency. There is a transfer of wealth from the middle class to the wealthy. And this has been going on for 40 years. So the middle class is shrinking. They are getting poorer and they’re losing their jobs and they’re losing their houses. But Wall Street isn’t getting poorer. And they are the ones who are getting the bailout.
So what would you do with this lovely, old, possibly never found again yarn?
And did I mention that I don’t really care for beans?
As a culture, the Chinese dote on the children, and by dote, I mean they like to feed them. This means that wherever we go, someone is handing the kids food. It started almost immediately upon our arrival. A short subway ride meant that the young college guy sitting next to Ahna would hand her a couple pieces of hard candy before we arrived at our stop. Little did we know, this was only the beginning.
Congrats! Don't forget to grab your badges from the link on the title bar as well.
I of course was done by that point (lesson-wise), so after a short time I went home. It had been raining all day :/ Luckily when I went to the bus stop it was quite light, but I still got pretty wet, even though I ran most of it. It hadn’t been earlier in the morning, so I hadn’t suspected anything, as I had done for most of last week. Tomorrow I am not taking any chances, I am bringing an Umbrella with me ;) I know it is very girly, an umbrella, but I don’t like rain coats, cos then when I get inside I am still wet or I have to carry around a wet coat, the whole thing seems a bit pointless.
The concert, scheduled for October, has prices starting at S/. 108 ($40) with the highest ticket going for S/. 886 ($328), which is much more expensive than the tickets for Roxette.
In the tumultuous weeks following that event Marine is conflicted, but never more so than when she learns that she is the key to bringing magic back to the kingdom of Adara - and that having witch-blood makes her appealing to the Duke because he wants to create a progeny of untold magical power. Such a child could have god-like dominion over life and death.
“Locking things up” has become a relative term in the digital age, when the single most important thing you own, like it or not, is you and your information.
The tourist laughed and said, "That's the best part. When the time is right you would sell your company stock to the public and become very rich, you would make millions."
“Sinful Sir Nuts”
817 D-VIII/13/1981. “Truth, Nakedness, and Ritual: A Discursive Postscript to Jacob Klein’s Lecture, ‘The Nature of Nature’.” Transcript of Seminar, The Clearing, Door County, Wisconsin.
India is married to weathly Marcus Croft. They have been trying to have a child. After two miscarriages, they decide to use a surrogate. Everything is looking up for India and Marcus until Marcus's daughter, Bettina finds out the truth about who India really is.
Yes, you read it right--no carbs after 5pm. No carbs?!!?! Is she nutso? Yeah...pretty much. You have to get creative with lean meats and veggies. But once you start seeing results, and that all of your skinny friends are pinning super-cute swimsuits on Pinterest, it gets easier!
Today, I asked about some solar panels that were in a Fireplace shop, they are not used, left overs that were not installed. They run $517 each with mounting hardware. They output, max 240 volts, do not remember the watts he told me, need to look that up. These are commercial, well made, not the rinky dink stuff that Canadian Tire sells. These will last a good long time.
Style: Amber
After first applying a crumb coating to the cake, I piped large rosettes all over the cake with a Wilton 1M tip, and filled in the spaces with little swoops and swirls. Although I thought the piping could have been a little neater, I loved the end result. I hope Cindy did too! Happy Birthday!!!
The next part of this process is storage. Your documents will, of course, be stored on a digital media. However, the digital media is entirely up to you. You can choose the form of a DVD, FTP, a backup storage website, or on an external drive.
But I’m hitting mid-life and it’s time to say fuck it to the fears. Everyone faces one kind or another. Most importantly, I am my daughter’s role model. It’s my turn not to f*ck it all up.
As readers of this blog know, I read a lot. My appetite for books, for knowledge borders on the insatiable. I am interested in a lot of things. I often think that if I were more focused, less peripatetic and esoteric, I would be teaching in a university somewhere far away from the fleshpots of Madison Avenue.
127. Return of the Indian: Lynne Reid Banks
membership, 3 major company gold credit cards for his personal expenses...and so on.
The film tells the story of Joe Gillis, an unsuccessful screenwriter, played by William Holden who stumbles across the Hollywood mansion home of yesteryear in which Norma Desmond lives. A faded silent movie star, Gloria Swanson plays Norma. The film also stars the legendary director Erich Von Stroheim who plays Max, Desmond’s butler.
I know at least a couple of my regular readers would be interested to hear what he has to say. If you are pressed for time, please do run your eyes over the preface at least – 10 min!
“We support Bersih because we don’t want to enter the battle ring if the ring is not the same size and if the goal posts are shifted,” he said.
On a recent holiday with the family to Tasmania we spent a bit of time at the Cascade Brewery Visitors Centre. Given that our accommodation was a mere ten minute walk down the hill to the brewery and a rather more taxing thirty minute walk back up the hill from the brewery that’s not surprising.
To Make the Cake
Poeming begins April 1 and runs through May 1 (to account for time differences in other parts of the world–and yes, poets all over the world participate).
Please join us in Butternut Creek. Pour yourself a glass of tea, settle down, and sit a spell.
lugubrious passionate nothings
The 11 yo’s now at middle school and so the school gate for the most part has been relegated onto a little shelf in my brain labelled don’t go there it wasn’t a pleasant experience. J on the other hand has never really subjected us to the school gate. Kid’s at special school tend not to do that to parents. The state very kindly removes that rite of passage from us. Kids are picked up in the morning by school buses, whisked off and then returned, hopefully unblemished, in the late afternoon. If our child can communicate verbally we may get something of an explanation of the days happenings if not a teacher has probably scribbled something in a home school diary to keep us up to date. It’s fine as far it goes and often the only way we can cope as busy parents, schools frequently being at a distance from home. However it does deprive us of something that I believe is important, contact with other parents of special needs children. When I say contact I’m not even really referring to communication between parents, just, well, a kind of “oh look, someone else whose children use this school.” Some one else in my position. A sort of visual reassurance that we aren’t totally alone. Does that make sense? Probably not to some of you. So try and think of it like this. Imagine going to Mars, lots of green Martians everywhere. Eyes are all upon you because well, you aren’t a Martian, you aren’t green (this is my version of a Martian so stop quibbling) and you aren’t speaking Martian. You want to fit in but no matter how hard you try you stand out. (You’ve tried painting yourself green but it got washed off in a Martian rain storm and everyone noticed.) You’ve lived amongst the Martians for a while and you are used to standing out and being different but then you spy someone else from Earth. You don’t need to speak to them. You just suddenly feel better because you know they are on Mars too. It brightens your day. Makes you realise that others are coping with the same stuff. You may not like the other Earthling, that doesn’t matter. You don’t need to like them. You just need to know they exist.
There was a great fare from an exotic Asian destination to the US from $160 per person in Business Class. I spent the good part of my day finding the right travel dates to get the lowest fare possible (I did my work early in the morning to free up the midmorning and afternoon, least you think I wasn’t being responsible). Having managed to find seats but for $327, the price was still a great travel deal. The only catch, I had to get there first.
KRAMPUS LINKS
I do, you see. I remember it all too well.
This week I've been hard at work doing computer stuff! YAY
Support Ancient Indians :
* Full Editing Suite
Between the woods and frozen lake
An Environment Agency spokeswoman said: “There are 15,000 CSOs in England and Wales and around half of these are monitored. Water companies carry out their own monitoring of approximately 6,000 CSOs for operational purposes and we are encouraging them to expand this. We have ordered additional monitoring and reporting at more than 800 CSOs, with a further 500 due to be monitored by 2015.”
Boulder and Aspen are both such dog-friendly towns. I saw more dogs - and more different breeds - in a few short days than I do in a year in Bismarck. I'm not exaggerating. Dogs are everywhere - on the plazas, in outdoor restaurants, even welcome on the gondola going up Aspen Mountain. To name just a few, I saw cocker spaniels, an Airedale, a papillon, a drooling Labrador with a bib, Maltese, a bichon frise, an Irish Wolfhound, a Gordon setter, many black labs and even more golden retrievers. Plus, a lone German short hair pointer, which made me lonely for Gracie, stuck back home in a kennel.
When I asked my sister why she couldn’t just make one paper and just photo copy the rest, she told me that she decided to make her this way for a reason.
There's scorn in the scorpion, contempt in the crow
I haven’t watched any other UND sport. All of which on purpose. I don’t want to have anything to do with the logo.
but till then
Kingstone
I'm getting down to the last gasps, running out of boxes and long since run out of patience. What is all this crap!??!
Pete Atkin, and lyrics by Clive James.
Nope. It had some very wobbly moments -- like the final episode -- but also some very good ones -- like the penultimate episode -- and wasn't anywhere near as bad as its reputation suggests. The other series were often as bad, and Voyager was often worse.
Finally, don't be surprised when this issue becomes a significant election issue between now and next November. Texans need all the facts, and they should tell elected leaders what they are willing to fund in order to maintain public safety.
If your pastor is in the transitional phase of crossing over into the “word of faith” or “prosperity gospel” movements, you may want to consider getting him a notebook for his birthday or pastor appreciation day. I know that does not sound like a very special gift, but it can come in really handy. Just make sure it is fairly thick. He’s going need it to be able to write down and keep up with all his different “anointings.”
As a memorial, God instructed His people to honor the Passover by eating unleavened bread, performing a solemn observance of the event in remembrance of Him as their deliverer: “And this day shall be unto you for a memorial; and ye shall keep it a feast to the LORD throughout your generations; ye shall keep it a feast by an ordinance forever” (Ex. 12:14). The Bible tells us that Passover is to be a permanent ordinance… a celebration for all time!
James Reveley
Friend: 2. Why wasn’t I invited!?
“Look, I just need to ask you some questions. I’d like to do it in private.”
At the "Egalia" preschool, staff avoid using works like "him" or "her" and address the 33 kids as "friends" rather than girls and boys.
its heart a searing glow of crimson and gold.
3. You'll receive one of the kits and will be required to complete at least 3 layouts and 1 project (altered piece, card, etc.) with the kit.
Not really. The quality of living in America has gone up continuously. Most of the impoverished in America live in houses, have running water, heat, refrigeration, and their greatest health problem is that they can eat too much food and get fat. (a health issue almost unheard of in all of human history)
PhitGrips fit snuggly around dumbbell bars, handrails and other type workout equipment. When I first go to the gym, I start my warm-up by walking on the treadmill, and these grips fit nicely around the hand grips, although the heart rate could not be read when using the PhitGrips (not a big deal to me as I stop and take it manually throughout my workout anyhow). I also used them when lifting weights and using other circuit type exercise equipment. They go off and on very quickly, as one side is open, which allows you to simply slap them on and go. With some of the circuit equipment, the grips were wider than the equipment bars, but it didn't seem to matter as my hands held them in place nicely. I am not a power lifter, but even with the light use, I loved how the PhitGrips prevented my hands from callouses from the dumbbells. No need for gloves! I like that they are lightweight and flexible, so I could easily slip them into my pockets until needed.
The Ultimate Guide to Silicone Sex Toys – With Metis Black of Tantus, Inc. - I picked the brain of Metis Black, the fabulous woman behind Tantus Inc, makers of some very awesome silicone sex toys. Get your sex geek on and find out some myths and facts about silicone sex toys!
I made the boxes using Tags, Bags, Boxes & More and my trusty Gypsy, cut at 8.5". Using glue dots, I stuck all the boxes together so that the flaps would all open down - then whatever I put inside won't just fall out when the boxes are opened. I used some wire-edged ribbon all around the outside of the boxes for a little extra help keeping them together, and of coarse for a festive touch. All of the Cricut cuts came from the Winter Woodland cartridge. What a gem it is! I love this font, and all the snowflakes and scallops.
Favorite Element: The 1920’s American Standard cast iron kitchen sink. Lyndsay found it on eBay and then we had to spend a day going to get it. Of all the sinks you can buy today there is still nothing better than this old sink. We also love the barn door that leads to the bathroom. It used to be the door to the sheep barn on the farm where Fitzhugh grew up in New Hampshire.
Since 1869, Root Candles of Medina, Ohio, has been an industry-leading, family-owned company renowned for innovative ideas, aesthetic enhancements and the highest standards of quality. Now in its fifth generation, the Root family continues to extol the virtues of honesty, integrity, and diligent craftsmanship. These qualities were exemplified by Root Candles founding father and American original, Amos Ives Root.
get me started or taken all the classes I had when
While we were talking back in October, she mentioned this boy to me and asked if I could advocate for him. I posted asking about him on the Advocate for WC yahoo group, but got no responses. I completely forgot about this boy until we began our search for our son.
I could never walk away from failure. They followed me, chanting insults, throwing shit at the back of my head, like monkeys. But I failed a marriage once. I failed friends (so many friends). I failed promises I made to myself, countless promises. I failed my mother, sometimes my father. I failed myself. I failed at saving money when I was single. I failed at losing weight for five years. I failed at drinking like a normal person. I failed at happiness at times. I failed to bring a live second child into the world. I failed at failure in that I never looked at it imaginatevely, or imaginatively. These were the things that kept me up. My failures. Or the failures of others. My expectations so high, they eliminated every other person from my life.
The title itself is probably a clue to the main ideas though. I originally translated it in my head as 'In Times of Fading Light', as I thought that sounded more natural in English than 'In Time of Diminishing Light'. However, the title actually comes from a line in the story of Nadjeshda, the old Russian mother-in-law, when she looks back at her life in Russia. She remembers the time of the potato harvest, the point of the year where the days begin to get shorter, and the amount of daylight begins to diminish. It's a wonderful metaphor for the time of greatest triumph being the start of an inevitable decline, with obvious parallels for the story as a whole.
Carlson ran a summer workshop program in Gloucester, Massachusetts, for awhile with Emile Gruppe. He was later to establish his own workshop and teaching programs in Woodstock, New York, a place with which he is more commonly associated.
MPAA Rating: R, disturbing violent content and terror
'Another important part of editing is ruthless cutting. Frequently, I pruned short stories from 3,000 to 2,000 words in order to hit a particular word limit. I had to apply that same ruthlessness when I edited my first novel “Heaven Can Wait” from a 100,000 word first draft to a much less baggy 80,000 words. Every word should count and if a particular scene bores you it’ll bore the reader, so cut it or rewrite it until it sparkles!'
The politically nurtured lumpenproletariat is too powerful to be touched by the police. On the contrary, whenever necessary they take up the role of the police with greater effect and lesser legal hassles. For example, they severely beat up mediapersons doing their work on 28 February, the day of all-India industrial strike, in Gangulybagan area of Kolkata. They also disrupted a protest demonstration organised by a civil rights body a few days later at the Hazra Crossing in the city. In both cases the police force did nothing to restrain the assailants and at Hazra they arrested some of the activists instead. Such extra-legal methods of gagging the press and curbing political democracy surely had the blessings of the highest authority; in fact the same purpose was later sought to be served by administrative measures like banning the entry of leading newspapers in government-aided libraries and booking some of the protesters against eviction in Nonadanga under draconian laws and very serious charges.
toward the endless edge of sight.
She shook her head. "Oh, darlin', my memory isn't what it used to be. I know I knew at one time, but I can't think of it now."
In your work place
Wait until you see my laundry room, now that is embarrassing.
They call me on and on across the universe
Time for blogging doesn't really exist. Inspiration does . . I mean, my kids ARE still super cute! But again . . . the time factor.
If you didn’t read the Dark Tower books as they came out, entering the series now can seem daunting. While the first book in the series, The Gunslinger, is relatively slim, the books just keep getting thicker and thicker — and there are seven of them to get through. But I think the journey through King’s epic is well worth your time, especially if you enjoy novels that mix genres (science fiction, fantasy, western, horror), present a new spin on old tropes (the quest story, parallel worlds), and even experiment with metafiction. The Dark Tower is the pinnacle of King’s writing career, and I think the series incorporate the best of his ideas and themes (as well as some failures). Here is my guide to the series.
I also got a nice picture of Jack on the Quayside in front of the Millenium Bridge and the Sage. He was rocking the bare ankles in honour of the sun!
Thats the thing with birth, even when it goes as planned, per se, it doesn't.
#4: Mom may not love you best.
32) Customers Generated - Ahh, the bottom line. If you aren’t tracking customers earned, how do you know how valuable your leads are? Use closed-loop analytics to determine which channels generate leads that turn into customers.
The Antrim Guardian alleged that the British National Party delegation was asked to leave by "concerned organisers". They went further with their absurd piece by claiming there was an angry altercation with a local man!
We have this absolutely lovely fireplace in our Florida home. It covers an entire wall with multi-colored stones with a dark wooden mantel. In the last two years, we've had trouble with smoke getting into the house when we lit a fire. In fact, the last time we built a fire right before Christmas, the entire house filled up with smoke and it set off the fire alarms. And yes, we did have the flue open :-)
Saturday morning, she was still out of reach. And in the afternoon you went incomprehensible. You asked if I had a boyfriend and if you could apply for the position. I laughed it off and we were talking about it like it was a corporate joke. I said, “Sumbong kita kay Malou e.” Then you replied, “Sumbong mo. She doesn’t care.”
Projected score: 169-127
It’s bogus the way the stores only seem to sell Peeps in double packs, so you can’t put just one row of Peeps in an Easter basket, unless you do what I did last year & SPLIT the double pack, which means you have to OPEN the packaging which means you’re going to have Peeps, just hanging out in mid-air in your kid’s basket (and we all know what happens to a Peep, left exposed to the elements, not to mention how quickly), OR you’re going to have to re-wrap each row of peeps in your kitchen’s Saran Wrap, & it NEVER looks like the Peep wrapping from the store, so your kid thinks the Easter Bunny that’s visiting HIS house… is the bo-bo, KNOCK- OFF Easter Bunny, because no REAL Easter Bunny would wrap Peeps in SARAN WRAP!
I was on my way to visit my sister when my mom saw this motorcycle right next to us. I immediatly took advantage of the oppertunity and took this picture. I had to take more than 10 of them to finally get it right because it kept looking blurred, but I am happy with my final product. I hope you like it as much as I do.
Can Israel take the support of US conservatives for granted? State Department hits bottom, digs deeper Ros-Lehtinen: ‘Where does the State Department think Jerusalem is? On Mars?’ Overnight music video US State Dept. dodging question of Jerusalem in briefing Rubio to endorse Romney? endorses Romney ‘The Israelis have bought an airfield and it’s called Azerbaijan’? Toulouse school getting hate mail since attacks One year since IDF sends medical aid delegation to Japan Arabs translating the Talmud to understand the evil that is Israel
Then I had my darling son, coming to me while I was in the shower, sneezing up a storm and telling me he couldn't go to school today because he has "the allergies". Of course I laughed at the cuteness... but he didn't find it funny. "Mommy, I have the allergies. I cannot go to school." I assured him he would be just fine.
Author: Dianne Wynne Jones
With the arrival of the slightly colder weather, we finally got back into the garden over the weekend. Paul is always out in the yard over the weekend mowing the lawn or weeding, but this is the first time in months we’ve done any actual planting. The girls and I headed to Bunnings on Friday and bought a whole bundle of flowers to add some colour around the place and with the assistance of my gardening helper Grace, we managed to get them all in before a good downpour that night. On Sunday, we went and got some more flowers as well as some seedlings to start off our vegetable patch again. Our previous crop of vegetables got fried during the long heatwaves Perth experienced over summer but we are now growing some cherry tomatoes, beans, pak choi, lettuce and baby spinach with some seeds of chicory, beetroot and spring onions still to be planted.
Another season of ANTM has ended. ANTM is one of the few tv shows I’m addicted to watch. Well it is pretty obvious why I always follow this show, All about fashion baby!
Over to You Ms Bonnie.......... :)
This fall, freshmen can expect to receive stainless-steel bottles in their welcome packs along with a map of the campuses’ hydration stations where free, filtered water is available. Harvard, Princeton and Dartmouth College have all recently installed “water bottle-filling stations” or “hydration stations” to provide people on campus with access to filtered water and eliminate the need for disposable bottles. The University of Vermont is the latest to join the movement, announcing in January it would stop sales early next year.
In his clenched fist salute the Norwegian monster embraced the gesture of the left, in the same way that in his ghastly act he embraced the methods of the left. In his terrible crime he chose a solution and a means which has been historically celebrated by the left.
Museum Mouth makes it clear that they know their style well, and they execute it with an endearing sincerity, but they have yet to figure out how to translate this into an LP’s worth of music. Sexy but Not Happy has a few tracks that are worth listening to, and the rest of the record is by no means offensive, but if you can get a hold of I Am the Idiot of the Jungle (you can, actually – here) you’ve got the most cohesive record this band has produced to date and really, that’s good enough.
A sea of blue and headlamp flash. Along the country lanes we dash.
The new chapter on the skilled person apart, the present edition has added entirely new chapters on Supplementary Protection Certificates, Entitlement, and Declarations. Likewise, the principal grounds of invalidity (novelty, obviousness, and insufficiency) have been disaggregated from the former single chapter on grounds of revocation, and given individual chapters of their own. Another sensible decision has resulted in the former treatment of stamp duty and income tax being omitted, though the table of contents continues to promise otherwise in the title of Chapter 23.
Second, and perhaps more significantly for our purposes here, Bidmead is a very intelligent man who is unlikely to have been unaware of this. He’s not sodding John Byrne or anything. If anything, the fact that he made stories like Warrior’s Gate suggest very strongly that he knew what he was doing. He understood instinctively that narrative is an overtly magical medium. As I’ve said before, his goal was always to wed those magical tendencies to a scientific model.
After thinking through this idea for a while, I have decided to abandon my original proposal for a creed (“Christ, the Lord, is risen”) for the reasons I have just rejected the original confession and the Pauline confessions: it is not precise enough. It is more suited for a devotional setting rather than as a statement of beliefs. In its place, I propose a modified version of the Apostles’ Creed, with inessential doctrine removed:
* I’m getting pretty used to being home alone during the day. Tuesday I was wandering around the house after my shower – in just my underwear – when I noticed the FedEx truck driving away. There was a package in my mudroom. The guy had to walk right past my wide-open kitchen windows to get to the mudroom. The kitchen where I was dancing around in my unmentionables, singing along to Love Shack on my Ipod. Poor guy was probably scarred for life. I thought he drove away kinda fast.
But when a sperm-donor and egg-recipient (aka: biological father and biological mother) formally disown their own child, and in her early teenage years, there is no longer any family to keep together.
Honestly this is a positive step for the Fast and Furious, and made it a legitimate action franchise. If it wasn’t for Justin Lin the other two movies wouldn’t have been made. Is this movie perfect? Far from it, but it is fun, and thankfully it’s unique local and having more than a few charismatic actors really does make it one of those films you know isn’t good for you but you can’t help but like it.
The next few pictures were taken at a roadside truck stop. I don’t know about you, but I generally think of truck stops as kind of gross and shady – not in Greece. They were very well-cared for and had the most amazing, drool-worthy collection of baked goods:
Leaving the nationalities aside, there is the small but powerful Jewish community in Odessa who can always find “solutions” for their fellow Jew regardless of the issue posed. My good lady is a Ukrainian Jew. I know.
Hurry up, golden-rod
Of course, the second appointment of the day involves taking cable equipment back to the company—which would be fine because it's all in excellent, even dusted, condition. Except years ago I removed the back to one of the remotes that had a poor connection. It used to be by the TV. It is not by the TV now. Do you have any idea how many times I've moved furniture (and etc) in this apartment? It could be anywhere! Now the newly flexible me is tossing this apartment looking for a small, black piece of plastic so that I don't get charged the $1 million fee that will surely be attached to returning the remote without the back. Fun!
I advocate for downsizing, and I'm not talking about pant size. (Although... wait, that's another post.)
There are several Corbett resorts and hotel accommodations available in and around the vicinity of Jim Corbett National Park and you need to make sure which type of accommodation you would like to go with. For choosing the best and economical accommodation, it would rather be great idea to opt for the services of authorized tour and travel operator.
Then I have plans for some Wodehouse. Keeping things light and amusing...I could almost simply pick a Wodehouse book at random and have it meet that criteria but I do have in mind Carry on Jeeves.
Nature's Symphony!
8.) I recently spent an afternoon rolling a few of my own.
( if you don’t have the above two powders then you can dry grind mustard and fenugreek seeds together in the mixer/blender. it works just as fine )
Check the store often for more cute things.
We also had the very difficult task of picking a CARD OF THE MONTH winner. There were so many wonderful cards last month, but after careful consideration, we have chosen as the winner of the $25 Voucher from Simon Says Stamp! ...............
NO Lighting replacement or repair
And he wants to eat.
The problem for many Americans, mostly registered Democrats and self-identified liberals is that his gaffes are dismissed despite the evidence that his policies have proved to be huge failures. His “stimulus” program wasted billions without producing any jobs, shovel-ready or not. We still have an 8.2% unemployment rate.
It was Thursday morning and many people in her town were still without power. A woman had just left her office after complaining about everything she had been through since Saturday's storm. And there was nothing that city hall could do except lend a sympathetic ear and tell people to call the electric company and to keep calling them. A whole group of people had evidently come to her office earlier, really angry.
Seeking plumbers in Liverpool is vital when you renovate any part of your kitchen or get a modern bathroom with all the modern facilities. Most of the people do not pay attention in getting plumber services. But the fact is that plumbers in Liverpool are the need of the hour to fix all plumbing issues effectively and within your budget. Rapid development is going on in the city and moreover this popular city area are developing with hoard f industries and living areas so seeking a good plumber service here is not a big deal. The plumber jobs are enough here for those who are having knowledge and experience in this field.
North Korea had earlier announced it would send a three-stage rocket mounted with a satellite as part of celebrations honoring national founder Kim Il Sung, whose 100th birthday is being celebrated Sunday.
Based on my LMP I should be around 9w5d today but I know I ovulated late and based on the ultrasound I am 8w4d which is spot on based on ovulation. Baby Bean's heartbeat was flickering away but sadly the machine they midwife was using she couldn't figure out how to measure it. That kinda bummed me out and annoyed me since we couldn't find it on the doppler either. Apparently baby is still low in my pelvic bone. So hopefully fingers crossed I get another ultrasound or able to find Baby Bean on the doppler on the 3rd. I really hope to get another ultrasound.
Mid afternoon we decided to take the dog for an extra long walk and play(forgetting how early it gets dark), and I must say it was really wonderful until on the way home my arthritis decides to play up...grrrr!!!
Normally we don’t tackle social issues here at MWW, but this isn’t exactly “social”. This is about education. Earlier this week the Indiana Senate voted on and passed S.B. 89 which allowed/required (depending on who you listen to) the teaching of “creationism” in public schools. The bill, in its latest form, reads as follows: SECTION 1. IC 20-30-6-18 IS ADDED TO THE INDIANA CODE AS A NEW SECTION TO READ AS FOLLOWS [EFFECTIVE JULY 1, 2012]: Sec. 18. The governing body of a school corporation may offer instruction on various theories of the origin of life. The curriculum for the course must include theories from multiple religions, which may include, but is not limited to, Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism, and Scientology.
Do you miss me tonight?
What an absolutely gorgeous Sunday morning here in the Northwest Hills of Rhode Island and although my Dad is in the hospital once again, I find myself grateful that we live in a part of the Country that has the best healthcare. He is at Brigham and Women's Hospital after suffering another "episode: with vascular issues. Yesterday was my Mom's 75th Birthday so we are hoping to go to the hospital tomorrow to bring a little cheer and some Birthday Jello.....lol he can't eat yet. Anyway, just grateful this morning.
I knew it was yet another project I’d have to learn about that I didn’t want to learn about in order to be able to unload the stuff now accumulated in my basement. I couldn’t take it on right there and then, but knew eventually I’d have to.
He snapped only one photograph each day – only what he thought was going to be the most meaningful event that day. One photo and one photo only. The World Trade Center could fall down and… From 1979 to 1981 maybe 8 or 9 photos included me. Maybe half of those were just of me. I thought it an honor to be chosen, even in the early days.
I'd like to be like her. Would I be let to stay in the classroom for another 40 years and write to you as part of this journey? OH, what a joy that would be!
The iphone is a phone, a navigator, a video camera, a gaming device, and even a paper weight if that's what you want to use it for. But it is not and will never be a bunny rabbit. And I can't imagine this fitting into anyone's pocket.
1. Start with a Correct and Complete Listing
So, how do we exercise them?
: to steal and pass off (the ideas or words of another's blog) as one's own : use (another's production) without crediting the source
Racism in general terms consists of conduct or words or practices which disadvantage or advantage people because of their colour, culture, or ethnic origin. In its more subtle form it is as damaging as in its overt form (para, 6.4).
Our Hotel was Metropark Mongkok Hotel. We booked this via Agoda.com and our total was Php 13,832.11 for 4 1/2 days. The cost of the hotel was already worth it considering it is walking distance from the Prince Edward MTR station.
Sorry I’m two days late! To make it up, I am going to do a blog post to land in the top 10 best EVER.
So, here we go…
For "Space between Images" I usually choose 2 pixels which gives a rather narrow border, but this one is totally subjective -- use whatever you like.
There are a lot of people who remain friends with their exes. In the gay community, especially the lesbos, this theme runs rampant. I hate this idea. I’ve always felt that if you’re doing it right – if you’re putting your whole heart into it – it should be somewhat crushing when you leave or get left. A person who has crushed your heart, is NOT someone you should keep around you in your everyday life. It will do nothing, but damage. I often think people’s desire to avoid confrontation supersedes their ability to protect their own hearts. You may disagree with this. I don’t care, I stand by it.
It is pretty interesting stuff. The industrious Bailey has also gone to create blogs related to specific projects and exhibitions. You can find Black Cat Bone on our links “Artist Pages” heading.
May 18, 2012
Our stay will be split between two different Manor Houses -- and the first is apparently within fifty yards of Rosslyn Chapel. We'll have a rental car and we plan to keep our plans pretty fluid, so wish us luck.
On January 28th, the New England Journal of Medicine published a study examining the relationship between the usage of inpatient and outpatient care among those with Medicare plans that have nearly doubled their co-payments compared to those with similar plans whose co-payments have remained steady.
Orleans – Love Takes Time
And I’ll print out the info on the other people who are in your same situation – and the newspaper articles, and group that might help you. The stuff I read about is pretty scary. I’ll mail everything separate – you’re not supposed to get more than four pages printed off the internet at one time. Those are pretty important, so I’m not going to press my luck. I’ll print off more Facebook stuff this week and send it, and I’ll send more pages than four to see if they give them to you. You’re not supposed to get book pages, but I know your other friends have been sending them to you and you’ve been getting them. I think they just make up their own dang rules . . . .
Basically, your body gets what it wants by wearing you down, much like a toddler throwing a temper tantrum. So step 3:
No, we’re talking about a commercial trend crafted by 20th century record companies and their songwriting cronies to make some scratch off of a public increasingly desperate for a little holiday joy.
I came across a video and was instantly mesmerized. I paused the movie I had just put into my DVD player and watched the entire one hour and thirty four minutes. It is beautiful. The video, Life in a Day, portrays the beauty of humanity in a very organic way. The beauty of sadness, anger, poverty, love, overindulgence, illness and death. I can't tell if it helped me feel more connected to others in the world or more isolated. It filled me with such emotion and I've been reminded of both the wonder and the pain that life holds for all of us.
For those who want to cook pineapple jam instead of using store bought jam, here are the tips I have gathered from my own experience. Below is a list of pros and cons of cooking your own jam.
Despite how interesting it is, even this bit feels routine. Of course Zuko is having yet another emotional crisis: that’s what he does. Perhaps the only new thing about it is that his nightmares produce some genuinely creepy imagery.
your lack of forgiveness makes you both judge and jury. you’ve made the decision…you’ve given your verdict…you are the one to pass judgment…and even give the sentence.
And happy blog-o-versary! My blog is two years old now. It was technically last week, but I don't care. I'm impressed that I've kept it up this long, that I have more followers, and better yet, more readers. Thanks to all of you for supporting my endeavors.
Did you get a barrel of adjectives for Christmas? Words don't have expiration dates; you don't need to use them or lose them.
Most of the time is spent in school, but every now and then we see them inside his house and other places. Is it repetitive? Definitely, but seeing as the anime isn’t too long and the focus is on the romance I had no problems with it. Not praise either though.
fascinating, young eaglets into the American skies of
We’ll run riot
I am not usually a bandwagon jumper. However, when there is a collection of My Minds Eye on the line, I'm quite willing to jump on, or off any wagon they would like me too (within reason of course ;). Such is the case with My Minds Eye April Challenge : Hexagons. I'm not really sure what the hype surrounding hexagons is right now, but its not really my thing. I'm much more the sort to get excited about polka dots, or bunting, or something along those lines. However, they asked to play along with hexagons, so that's what I did!
took up an entirely new career….
Am I being punished by God?
H is for Hometown: Houston, Texas
Brown the stew meat with butter and olive oil. Remove the meat, and cook the garlic in the drippings for a few moments, DON'T let it burn. Or your done. Add the beef back in with broth and beer. Add the salt, paprika, and pepper. Cover and cook at a low simmer for 2 hours.
Are you new to couponing? Maybe you have tried couponing in the past, and just didn't get it. No matter what your circumstances are, why not make this the year that you save more money!
Open University - fantastic institution in the UK through which you can study for a degree by post.
234900 Other heavy construction
"WHAT?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?" he asked.
Shine like stars all through out your life, and then we fade away in to the nothingness. Are you sure this how you want your life to end?
Now, this is the part that gets a little tricky. Whatever resin you choose to purchase, read the instructions prior to starting and prepare yourself to follow them exactly. Most will require that you pour the resin in one cup, the hardener in the other, in identical amounts. You will then pour one into the other (it specifies which gets poured) and stir for exactly two minutes. It even tells you how to stir. This is where a popsicle stick would be great. I didn’t have one, so I cut a piece of stiff cardboard.
You can download the podcast from this site.
Step Five: After you have filled out all your forms, you have to now fill out a form online. Make sure you do not forget this part. Russia has a twenty minute questionnaire that you have to fill out. This questionnaire is meant to determine why you are visiting Russia, have you ever visited Russia, have you been part of the Russian military or been jailed in Russia (this after you state in the previous question that you have never been to Russia) and finally have you ever or do you plan to participate in a nuclear program. So after reassuring Russia that you are not an ex-militant, have been been placed in a Russian Gulag and have never worked with Nuclear Energy for any reason, then you can apply for your actual visa and fill out other more normal questions.
The day after Queenie came to visit, our heating packed up. We've an old knackered Rayburn that heats the house and water, well used to. After it flooded the kitchen with water and then we had an man over who knows about this stuff, it turns out a big thing broke in the Rayburn. Now we've no heating until we magic £3,000 up. I've been busy searching through old coat pockets for a few pennies today, but nothing's turned up as yet. Thank goodness for the woodburner, hot water bottles and the fact it's not the middle of winter.
We are so blessed to have a soon who is so talented and who is taking time to come up and do all this amazing work!
BEST MUSIC: Cliff Martinez, Drive – I enjoyed Drive but didn’t geek out over it the way many others did this past year. One things that elevated beyond the level of your standard Michael Mann-homage crime thriller was Cliff Martinez’s music. Somewhat retro, but dead-on appropriate, martinez’s music gave depth to the film. Ryan Gosling’s lead performance was something of a blank (intentionally so) and I feel like the music helped fill in some of the vagaries of the character. No other movie this year was as defined by its music as Drive.
Then 9/11 happened. I know, I know...everyone has their 9/11 story. Mine isn't all that special. I knew some people in the Towers, including my best friend. All of whom survived the attack, by the way. That's not really the point. And, to be honest, my feelings about corporate life had changed before September of 2001. But I just kept on keeping on, like a good zombie. And where my life would lead didn't happen right afterward either. I stuck around, sucking on the corporate teat for another couple of years. But when I looked myself in the soul after 9/11, I knew something had to change.
I'm not entirely sure what this means. I was never really in a "goth closet". If I had not started dressing oddly at all, I belive the people who knew me would have been much more surprised. If I had listened to boring radio pop, not only would I have made a lot of people very surprised but I would also have like... disappointed my parents. Haha. Okay not really.
a full tank of gas,
"In the next 30 years, we could see an increase in heat waves like the one now occurring in the eastern United States or the kind that swept across Europe in 2003 that caused tens of thousands of fatalities," said Diffenbaugh, a center fellow at Stanford's Woods Institute for the Environment. "Those kinds of severe heat events also put enormous stress on major crops like corn, soybean, cotton and wine grapes, causing a significant reduction in yields"...
Check out some photos from previous years.
Our next match is R-Truth Vs Jack Swagger, and we found out that in 9 days, at Over The Limit, Truth and Kofi will face Swagger and Ziggler for the WWE Tag Team Titles.
The story here is set 50 years after Guerrilla and you play as Darius Mason – a distant relative of Alec Mason from the previous game.
Patrick Byrne, 39, New York, N.Y.
"Good Days" by Joe Purdy - Mr. Purdy fills two spots on the daily five today. I'm a big fan of his 2007 collection Take My Blanket & Go. "Sometimes I wish the sun didn't come out at all..."
A.: That’s a very smart observation and a real concern for me in the writing of So Shelly. By their natures, each of these Romantics could be, at best, off-putting and, at their worst, plainly unlikable. Byron was a complete narcissist. Shelley could be brutally insensitive to the feelings of others, and Keats was often aloof. Therefore, if I were to be true to the actual poets’ personalities, my characters had to reflect these traits.
One of my more enjoyable job duties as a librarian and archivist in Brooklyn Public Library’s local history division, the Brooklyn Collection, is writing about our lesser known collections in our blog, Brooklynology. One such hidden gem is the Gertrude Hoffman Collection, three boxes stuffed with photographs, scrapbooks, programs, and newspaper clippings documenting the professional life of the dancer, who is best known for introducing the Salome dance and the Ballet Russes to American audiences. I’ve already written about Gertrude’s fascinating exploits as an comedic impressionist, dancer, and scandalous outlaw-for-the-arts here and here, but in those blog posts I made only a passing mention of the famous dance troupe Hoffman formed during her later years in showbiz, the Gertrude Hoffman Girls. Although I lack Trav’s encyclopedic knowledge of the history of vaudeville, I can share some rare images and ephemera from our collection of the world-touring dance ensemble.
"They had beautiful signatures," Berra said in a reverent tone. He bristled over how modern players' signatures tended to be indistinguishable. For clarity's sake, whenever Berra asked one of the kids like Evan Longoria to sign a ball, he would also request that they write their number under the name."
‘God bless you, God forgive you!’
So there’s no alternative, I’ve got to make the wheel arches….
There is more than one way
Saying he needed to hide his assets so "he could live," Dwek convinced the rabbis to accept payments made out to various charities they oversaw.
It's my turn to post on the My Stamp Box web site today and I've included a project which features a cotton reel or spool, whatever you want to call it, which I bought at a Craft Fair in Wiesbaden a few years ago. At the time I was so excited to find it on a ribbon stall and knew I had to take it home. As per usual it's taken this long for me to figure out just what to do with it but I think it was worth the wait.
I can't tell you how excited I was to drive through this covered bridge. There are so few left in our country and this was a complete and unexpected surprise. The GPS took us off a major road and directed us to a very narrow country road and then this popped up. Very cool surprise!
Business owners definitely should own critical illness to as they have lines of credit secured by personal assets and by you showing up to work every day. It is very paramount coverage to have in a business setting.
The reasons necessitating military action are numerous—from stopping al-Shabaab infiltration into neighboring countries to its ties with al-Qaeda. Through the two decades of conflict in Somalia, hostilities were more or less confined within Somalia – until al-Shabaab raised the stakes by conducting raids into neighboring countries, and engaging in other terrorist activities that directly threaten the security and stability of its neighbors.
We bought cheese from our usual stall – Comté, Tomme de Savoie, Roquefort – and a paella (sorry no photo of this)
All the vaShawasha were gathered at Chihuri’s kraal to appoint a new chief. They all agreed that the chieftainship should be given to Muchenje, the son of Mandizha, the son Nyava of the house of Chidziva. All people agreed. Muchenje was living in Musana reserve at Nyava kraal. All the vaShawasha told Muchenje that he must leave Musana Reserve and go to Chinamora Reserve. Muchenje agreed. Muchenje built his home near Chihuri kraal. He ruled his country nicely.
Now that I am old(ish), I could probably cut off all my hair and people would either not notice or think I had cancer. But, even though cutting off all my hair (again) would be an awesome gesture in honor of the late Vidal Sassoon, freer of women, I will keep this as a blog-thought e-gesture.
On the upside, that's only MY impression, as I'm the only person who knew what I originally intended. The beer itself is good, really good.
We pee with company - "What's that? You pee out your bagina and I pee from my penis, right mom? Are you pooping? We poop in the potty not our diapers right mom? Your poop is stinky. WOW! Mom! That's a big poop! I bet your poop is big because your butt is so big, right??"
Wangari Maathai was a scientist, environmentalist, founder of the Green Belt Movement, advocate for social justice, human rights, and democracy, and a Nobel Peace Laureate. At the urging of her brother she attended school at a time when most young women were not educated. She studied in the United States and returned to Kenya in 1966. In 1971 she became the first woman in East and Central Africa to earn a Ph.D. In 1976 she introduced the idea of community-based tree planting and eventually founded the Green Belt Movement (GBM), an organization focused on poverty reduction and environmental conservation. To date the GBM has assisted women in planting more than 40 million trees on community lands including farms, schools and church compounds. MAMA MITI: WANGARI MAATHAI AND THE TREES OF KENYA, written by Donna Jo Napoli and illustrated by Kadir Nelson, is a beautifully written and gorgeously illustrated work. When a succession of village women come to Maathai for advice about how to survive with dirty water, sick cows, too little food, and other problems, the answer was always the same--"Go home and plant trees." Maathai suggested a different species to solve each of these problems. After advising each woman on a type of tree to plant, she bids them, "Thayu nyumba," or "Peace, my people." The back matter includes a Kikuyu glossary, a short biography of Maathai, additional resources, and a note from the illustrator describing the artwork.
Twomoons Island is already pleasantly active & adorable, & earlier this year was an Editor’s pick featured on the login screen! But, I have bigger ideas & need some help to get them going.
J: All brides! Every woman is the most beautiful woman in the world on her wedding day! But if I had to single one out, Allison looked gorgeous on her big day:
This movie is certainly not going to be everyone's cup of tea. In many ways, like a soap opera, it's quite surreal, but I think that's why I can't get it out of my mind, and I definitely want to see it again!
Friend: I don’t know if you’re joking because if you are…you shouldn’t be drinking
As soon as I was old enough to scrawl my name across the back of a library card, I lived in libraries: the county library, stately with a cupola on top, the children’s section in a warm cozy basement; the school library, with large windows along one whole wall and ugly blue-gray carpeting that made your knees itch. Librarians became the fairy godmothers and fathers who provided me with riches beyond compare.
"Never," I reply playfully, tickling her just above her hips, knowing that's the place where she's the most sensitive. She squirms in my arms and then pouts, trying not to laugh from my tickling. Eventually, I stop and hold her tight, she kisses my lips and whispers, "Forever".
A song I’ve made and tried to sing
I'm a 'mad eco-scientist' of sorts in that I devise natural, earth friendly recipes for dyes, stains and inks to use in my art (largely due to annoying allergies to chemicals), and I like to make light-up and mechanical art from scrap electronic bits. This is my husband's fault as he teaches me things such as which value of resistor is needed to power an LED light.
The story reminded me of my days working for Children’s Protective Services years ago. I was daily confronted with case file after case file of abuse and neglect. I read the autopsy of a 9 month old who was murdered by his biological father.
Enter my friend, Cindy. After telling her why I was upset, she could have simply said “sorry to hear about it” and changed the subject in an attempt to avoid all the negativity I was spewing that day, but she didn’t. She listened patiently to my rant…laughed a little about the unloved/unwanted part…then proceeded to point a few things out. The news could’ve been a lot worse…the thing that I needed most to work out, did…and the other two things aren’t insurmountable. They might require me to make some changes in my life, but there are others who are facing far worse situations.
Step 5: Remove from the oven and serve topped with vanilla ice cream. Don’t skip this step; you’ll be sorry you did.
Handmade prints, (etchings, lino and woodcuts, screen prints, lithography) as done by artisans, have lost their original function of creating multiples. Other processes and now digital technology have taken over the job of disseminating images. Screen print (aka serigraphy) does not use a press and the equipment is cheap and portable, and so if you wanted to have a revolution or a rock concert, a colorful screen printed poster was the way to go.
Today I'm here to talk about my favorite room. It's funny because my favorite room is not really a room, but more like a space that I took possession of! It was an unused closet in my boys playroom! With little space in our house, I decided to put my computer in the closet and call it "My Space". The problem: it was uninspiring and too much like a closet!
A drug addiction controversy for the lousy actor; a sex tape for the foregone actress; an affair by the politician; a bastard-child for the revered reverend; or the corruption allegation for the decrepit president, you can choose any of the following scenarios to talk about, and it’s undeniably popular. Who feeds the flames from where the aroma emanates? Who else, but the Philippine’s own national cook… the media.
“This is a well researched evidence-based paper and should be considered by those in the health profession as a definitive start to implementing homeopathy as a Complementary Alternative Medicine (CAM) therapy, ” said Gwyneth Evans spokesperson for the NZCH.
Youth fountain
Yay, Jenn!!!
How was your weekend with all of the mothering business going on? I'm going to keep it real and say that one of the best gifts I received was my husband taking the boys on an a camping trip...way better than the chocolate covered strawberries. Sunday then brought breakfast in bed (in which I had to get back into bed and pretend I hadn't already been up preparing to have our family to church by 8am). It was worth all of the effort because the kids got to sing to the mothers and I felt really good about them and my opportunity to raise them. I love celebrating woman who mother in all different capacities. I remember years past feeling either sad that I could not have kids or guilty that I wasn't doing a good enough job ONCE they did decide to make all of their appearances at the same time. This year I was determined to not let any deterrents get in the way of absolutely having a pleasant Mothers Day...and phew it worked!!!
Happy, Loves me for me, Doesn't mind my liabilities, Doesn't have a temper, Wants lots of kids, Has priesthood and honors it, has strong testimony and doesn't mind sharing it, mature, loves reading the scriptures, prays before big decisions (and little ones too, maybe), doesn't mind exercising, will go into Labor room with me, likes music, will dance with me, doesn't swear, is musical in some way, even if can only play radio, and somewhat confident.
Before opening it up, I took a look at the PC yogurt.
for learning to be its own reward, without use of a merit system
“Well, fuck, Johnny,” Sid said. Johnny yelled something back, but it was impossible to understand him. He left the lot in a hurry before the car blew.
lesson from Beyond Layers. It was fun to play with but
It's been snowing all day and the sun is nowhere in sight. When it returns, I will receive it with joy - and sunscreen. Yes, even in winter.
Back in high school Latin
What has changed? It has far less to do with social attitudes than it has with the new economic reality. As recently as the 1960's the average man's take home pay was sufficient to support his home and his family, which was, on average, larger than a modern western family. That is no longer possible for anyone under executive level and only then if the husband commutes for hours each day.
It's not my favorite ever but I didn't have time to color an image and I didn't want to skip another week. The paper is from the K&Company Poppyseed paper pad.
Qualcomm (Nasdaq:QCOM) announced pretty good earnings but fessed up to probable delays in delivering chip sets for Apples (Nasdaq:AAPL) brand spanking new G5 iPhone. The market sells off in classic knee jerk reactionary mode. Take a look at something else on Qualcomm`s balance sheet. Cash and marketable securities now clock in at around $26 Billion which equates to 25% of their market value. The cash is starting to be so big it needs to start doing some heavy lifting. So if you believe interest rates are poised to start increasing, which I do, a new strategic new source of income is about to manifest.
The single, universal, and defining characteristic of moonshine is that it is made outside the law…That’s your litmus test. If you can you buy it in liquor stores, it’s not moonshine. Other drinks writers and journalists have picked up that baton. Quoting Chasing the White Dog author Max Watman, Craig LaBan writes in The Philadelphia Inquirer about the new crop of “white” whiskeys and their relation to moonshine:
He said the report would be made public when it was completed and he would personally meet with Teoh’s family to explain to them the findings.
If you have never tried this technique, it is a great way to appliqué, and this tulip is a simple beginner pattern.
PLUSES - A simple front design which has sort of a minimalist appeal. I really like this card back. It is arguably the best of the "overproduction era." Team colors were stuck to much better than previous years.
It’s a high quality, 116-page full-colour, squarebound book, due for publication on 18th June 2011, and priced at £14.99 + £3.00 postage to UK addresses. All proceeds will be going to help disaster victims via donations to Second Harvest and the New Zealand Red Cross.
The Department of Transportation notified Community Board 6 of their determination that a signal is appropriate at the intersection of Columbia Street and Summit Street as a result of the change in traffic patterns due to the work on Van Brunt.
An avenue of willow trees where green patches remain
Mustard- 1 teaspoon
He came out eventually though- when he wanted ( Cats! ) !( Yes- he was fed ! )
a touch of
Copy reviews to Goodreads
and I could receive the Grand Miracle – and every other miracle we need.
1242. Young Bruno’s Blondie @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 7:51 p.m.
"Sleestak Memories"
As a writer I like to read a lot. Sometimes I read for fun, and sometimes I read to learn how to be a better writer. You can learn many things just from reading. So I thought I would make a list of books and what I learned from them. Maybe you have a similar list.
Afterward found us on her hammock in her conservatory. I brought up her penchant for role playing back then...
There are unlimited opportunities for failure once you start down this route. JK Rowling – what a loser. She never won the Carnegie did she? Philip Pullman? Totally outsold and eclipsed (clever, huh) by Stephenie Meyer - but who'd want Stephenie's reviews?
Fact: Therefore, I reject many things about Black American culture.
To me, his explanation of the passage is an over explanation, but such is necessary when there are so many interpretations which lead many to an allegorical stance. So he covers nearly every angle that I can think of, and some that I hadn’t thought of until I read them. I had ran into the recapitulation view, so I was familiar with it. This is the view that the destruction of Satan (along with Gog/Magog) at the end of the thousand years, is simply a re-explanation of what had been previously described at the battle of Armageddon in Revelation 19:11-21. He comes to the same conclusion that I have, it can’t be because of the clear time markers that put the destruction of the beast before the thousand years and the destruction of Satan after the thousand years. So if you have dialogued with someone about this and can’t quite grasp what they are getting at, this chapter will help you to understand the issue and how you can deal with the argumentation that is being set forth. Again, this is the short version, so read it yourself as he interacts with several A-Millennialists in a hands-on sort of way.
The Son of Uttarā gave Kali to the order to live only in those five places, through which Kali could certainly encourage immorality.
And love that shakes the inner soul
Me: “Fine Nick! You can be hungry.”
And yet all the mainstream and the colonial governments have to offer has only to do with two official (and colonial) languages of "Canada", and is in the form of constant reminders of the french "fact" that francophones believe their language to be endangered, when it is in reality french is one of the most spoken languages on the planet with 77 million who speak french as their mother tongue which includes 7 million in "Quebec". There's just no comparison between 20 speakers of Western Abenaki and 7 million francophones in terms of endangerment.
I tried to find my way out of my torture, but I was far too weak.
and the adjectives that could precede
Alien Undead Chapter 1
The tourists you can spot a mile off. They dress differently, behave differently and comport themselves differently.
Can we find a friend so faithful,
Hellen is one of the most giving people I have met. Many times in the last 4 years, I have called their home distraught. She always asked if I wanted to come over and always added, "We're here for you." Hellen is loved by all who meet her.
The 42-year-old man said he yelled he could hear them, saying he knew the 15-year-old was behind the situation.
Racing mementos - personal items
MAC Prim & Proper Blush
I EAT PASTRY WITH PASSION
“@johnnybhoy58 (me secretary) @jimmylew3 @Wakeyghirl (travels with us but from wakefield CSC) @dalebhoy @FiKennedyCSC (travelled with us a couple of times)
This actually was supposed to be a "Feature Friday" but to be honest with you I slacked a little and forgot to line up a seller to feature! lol..My mind stay so busy and I actually did email a wonderful seller of the CUTEST baby items bit I have yet to hear back. So...I'm making this FREAKY FRIDAY and feature myself! Yeah, I know..kinda shameless promotion, but oh well.
The features of this game are so realistic, it makes the player feel as if he is not playing a game but is doing it in real life.
Choose a wrap or sandwich with a lean meat like turkey (turkey is less likely than chicken to have hormones and antibiotics in the meat), rich in amino acids and B vitamins (oven roasted is the best choice). Make sure they include a nutrient-dense vegetable like artichokes or arugula. Wheat, rye or sourdough bread are healthier options (eat only half the bread), with a bowl of garden vegetable or black bean or lentil soup, or a salad with the dressing on the side and a cup of soup. Whenever possible, get avocado and/or olive oil as a spread instead of mayo or cheese – this way you trade a saturated fat that takes a long time to digest for an unsaturated fat loaded with Vitamin E.
‘richard moorman tamboran’ ‘Drab harm or romantic moan.’
Getting this package made me homesick in a new way. Before, I was sick for the comfort of familiarity. Now I’m sick for people and the specific bonds that I shared with individuals in friendship. I’m sick for the the creative minds, the humorous minds that I used to be surrounded with. I’m sick for the homes that we shared, and I say “we” because it was hard to tell sometimes who paid rent where. My life is so completely exciting right now and I appreciate the experiences I have every day, but sometimes, I think I’d prefer to sit on Rob’s/Lucas’s/Campbell’s (and formerly many other friends’) porch where the dream-catchers hang and talk about what pool we should go to. It stinks not being in college anymore.
Wednesday – CrossFit + swim
At this point in the conversation they may have noticed my sweat-stained shirt or that I haven’t showered in a few days. Perhaps a bus flew by with the familiar swoosh and waning horn, reminding them I am not normal. Maybe they took a closer look at Bob and realized he’s not exactly slim and definitely not feather-light. “It’s easier, don’t you think, to drive?,” they say, loading the question with suggestive power. Yes, it’s easier, but on a bus you only get to know point A and point B. On the bike I get to know everything in between, including the people. If I would have taken the bus, we never would have met. This last point makes my sweat, Bob’s bulge, the easy breezy buses seem in perfect balance with the grand scheme of things, like the Coke products on their shaded shelves that the angled sun through the windows can never touch.
John was a burning and shining lamp, and you were willing to rejoice for a while in his light. But I have a testimony greater than John's. The works that the Father has given me to complete, the very works that I am doing, testify on my behalf that the Father has sent me.
One nice thing about colored pencil is that you can overlay lighter colors that normally you would have a hard time blending back into a dark area with marker. If you look at my example you can see that I added a few different tones of pencil over my dark red and each came out feeling a little different.
Interestingly and for the first time in our memory, the most common bird we banded that morning was the Northern Waterthrush. We had 6 for the day and they seemed to be everywhere. Sometimes the best catch of the day is a single individual and that was the case today. We only netted one Swamp Sparrow but it was banded and it was our band. Checking our records we found that we had banded this bird in just about the exact same spot back in 2007. It was an ASY bird then which makes the bird at least 7 years old. This is very close to the age of the oldest Swamp Sparrow documented in the Bird Banding Labs longevity records. We catch it next year and we're in the record book!
The ancestors of the Boers were dumped at the Cape by the VOC.
“I wouldn’t get your hopes up,” a female voice said.
Never ending extremism.
What do you think of the collection? And designer collaborations in general? I know there are a lot of them out there! Would love to know what you think.
--Celibacy for Catholic priests makes TOTAL sense.
The second NASCAR fandom trigger I can’t really pinpoint the day on anymore. I walked into the family room while my dad was watching a race (or sleeping while a race was on, it could have been either) on one of the smaller tracks (may have been Bristol) and there had just been a crash. The pit announcer asked a crew member who was working on body repairs what he was doing. His response? “I’m beating this fender out with my fist.” Which he was. The follow up question was about how the remaining dents would affect the car’s handling. The answer: “Oh it’ll be fine. This ain’t one of them Indy Cars.”
"You haven't got it in you Mod whippet! You'll always fall at the final hurdle. You got no soul!"
"Hey, Mr Greyhound. I'm Moon, Moon the Mod whippet".
Have a wonderful weekend. My daughter is having five girls over to spend the night tonight.
-- Second, the Etsy Wedding Team is setting up a special shop that will contribute 100% of the proceeds to the Red Cross's efforts in Haiti. The shop opens today, January 29. You can read more about this here. It's a great way to give while also getting things checked off the wedding planning to-do list.
And here we are at the end of another week. We have been on a bus, played in a stream, walked by a river, and found lots of baby crabs. Come home on a train, and baked chocolate swiss rolls. Planted more seeds, and dug in manure. Made Easter crafts, and been to the cinema with friends to see the Pirates film. We have said goodbye to Uncle Dave, and said hello to Uncle Chris. Tomorrow we are off to the Castle with more friends, and there is Easter to look forward to with Simnel cake and chocolate egg hunts.
I learn that a middle-aged man, who resembles a homophobe's idea of what a homosexual man looks like, has been very rude about Prof Mary Beard - the writer and presenter of BBC2's Meet The Romans. If you've given up on TV and have an interest in Roman antiquity then I strongly advise you to re-new your TV licence just to watch this series.
That’s the funniest color scheme I’ve ever seen!
So I was just not in the best frame of mind to do a 10 K walk. I was also sad to see that there were less walkers than usual. And altho there were some interestingly decorated bras there was just not the usual array of originality (I even saw one group who had copied our idea from last year - guess imitation is a form of flattery?). Later today I will post the few photos I have.
“Tell the driver to wait, please.” Ben closed the door. “Keep going,” he told Liesl, returning to his seat.
Serve hot with steamed rice or nasi lemak.
The ‘white noise’ of the ever-present TV advertising, pop culture, unnecessary consumer products, and humming supermarkets seems to audibly emanate from the very words on the page, continuing throughout the book in a cumulatively overwhelming crescendo until the reader is finally deafened, nauseous, and almost brain-dead, from the effect. The supermarket somehow becomes a temple of reverence and death, as Murray describes it. ”Everything is concealed in symbolism…The large doors slide open, they close unbidden. Energy waves, incident radiation…code words and ceremonial phrases. It is just a question of deciphering…Not that we would want to…This is not Tibet…Tibetans try to see death for what it is. It is the end of attachment to things. This simple truth is hard to fathom. But once we stop denying death, we can proceed calmly to die…Here we don’t die, we shop.”
Garfield can have his Mondays — I work from home, so the start of the work week is basically when I want it to be.
First - thank you to the lovely women who commented on my last post! I needed to hear some support and empathy - and I did. I am tired. And that's hard. And it is what it is. I know (someday) it will pass. Like they say - there's light at the end of the tunnel, but unfortunately I have NO IDEA how long this tunnel of little sleep is going to last.
2 cups nonfat half-and-half (use normal half-and-half if you prefer, but you won’t believe how delicious this is with the nonfat variety!)
We stopped at this fun place to eat called Sparky's in Hatch, NM. The food was great and the atmosphere was upbeat.
Maybe one day, I’ll actually consider parenthood with a positive viewpoint. Or when I meet someone I actually wanna have babies with. I don’t know. It’s a responsibility I don’t think I deserve. I blame my fucked up past and the bad decisions I’ve made along the way.
For me personally then questions upon questions arise. Why is this intimate connection our deepest need, our greatest joy? What is pain about? What is the sense of being alone about? How does our idea of separating off into couples and nuclear families contribute to our sense of loss when death occurs? Why are we so interdependent on each other, on the planet on everything else. And, what is death about?
Could true Pragmatism, in the "philosophical" sense be a bit more complicated than the "pragmatism" that we commonly consider? One of the best descriptions that I have heard concerning philosophical Pragmatism is that something is considered "true" and "right" only if it works. What if it doesn't work though? Is it wrong?
At first, I thought “EH! Makes sense…they look miserable. Great Depression, Dust Bowl. Who would be happy?” But then I looked closer. Closer. CLOSER. This Dude definitely ain’t (pardon the lack of the English language on that word…but it fits) getting any action. And I really don’t think it’s his fault. Look closely at the wife. There’s an internal sadness, lack of love she is displaying. She is not bothered by the lack of money and food. She’s not bothered by the plain clothing. Inside she’s begging that man (her husband) for some goodness…night after night of goodness that she probably has not seen since spending time in the cornfields in her High School years – almost guaranteed with another guy, not the eventual husband.
When I get over to the place and walk in I seriously think I’m going to vomit, pass-out, and contract seven diseases all at once. I consider getting a gas mask but settle for some gloves. At this point I’m making this really weird “It smells like shit in here” face, but trying not to make it obvious.
Hope you're having a great week. Thanks for visiting!
American Crafts Peachy Keen pp
I don't plan uploading any of them in this upcoming year since I have this invisible policy of "not posting new releases" that I'm trying to maintain. You can also just google "band - album + mediafire/filestube" and a link will pop up for most of them; but don't tell anyone I told you that.
There’s a major shift under way, one the US mainstream media has left largely untouched even though it will send the United States into an economic maelstrom and dramatically reduce the country’s importance in the world: the demise of the US dollar as the world’s reserve currency.
Great tune. Killer chorus. And an ambiguous enough lyric to spark a debate. Is it merely about growing old or is it about the physical pain that a mental breakdown brings? Who knows? And who really cares?? Just turn the volume up and enjoy the music. It's rock, it's pop, it's indie all at once. It's also magnificent.
Oh gods. I did that. I keep saying I’ll write down everything He did to get my attention, but I haven’t done it yet. It didn’t work, of course, or I wouldn’t be here. What I have found interesting in doing spiritwork is that I’ve been told more than once “just come home,” and I suspect that this applies to many, not just me.
A quick trip to IKEA later, and I optimized this setup 100% so there's plenty of room below and awesome storage above for labels, bags, and box cutter, the tool that was always needed, but always lost before.
Garnish with an Orange Slice
According to unverified rumors circulating in cyberspace, both Ang Mo Kio GRC and Hougang SMC may hold by-elections at the same time!
Whoops. Sorry. It's not that I forgot about you...I just forgot to tell you. In case you were wondering why I had gone suddenly silent. (Or perhaps, you were thinking to yourself, oh thank god that woman has FINALLY shut up...!!!)
So we just walked around for a bit, then headed home. Here's us at a ToysRUs mini store.
For each extra entry please post an additional comment!
Try a simple cleansing/relaxing bath as part of your ritual today. Substitute or leave out ingredients to make use of what you have at hand. Lavender is relaxing to the mind and body and citrus is cleansing.
9. Take A Look
April walks into the room where Reed was shot and, not paying attention, trips over her body and lands in a giant pool of her blood. April freaks out of course (April and Reed are BFFs) and runs to Derek's office and tells him that Reed has been shot. Derek puts the hospital in lockdown mode and pages all the doctors to not move and to seal their wing of the hospital while he goes and looks for the shooter.
Abstract:
To loud applause, Faku said blacks who did not like other black people and their organisations should be driven into the sea, or go to Europe.
“Five miles, the course is marked with tape/cone, ready…set…go!”
I’ve created this blog purely to chronicle my journey from couch potato to elite triathlete. Well, that might be a bit of a stretch. I didn’t play sport growing up, I read books, studied and played in an orchestra. At the age of 35 however, I finally discovered a sport I enjoy. Triathlon.
And with a last name like Steinhaus - stone house in German -
Being the generous guys they are, they also sold a card pulled in a group break and used the proceeds to buys a box and give away the teams. Here are a couple of the better Rangers I got from their box of 2003 Leaf.
TOPEKA, KS -- Liquor store clerk Shawn McKeever can taste the commercial appeal of serving customers a shot of Belgium's Corsendonk Brown Ale, Xingu Black of Brazil, Italy's Peroni or Old Speckled Hen Pub Draft from England.
has the worst luck with love. Swearing he would never allow another woman to get under his skin, Jason decides a life of casual sex is just fine with him. While watching Stephanie’s sexy stilettos click across the lobby floor he zeros in on his next conquest.
You could even choose your favorite desert collection towel! The towel on the right reminds me of the Hèrmes cashmire plaid.
Out of desperation, he called a friend from SPH who called for an ambulance to fetch him to Tan Tock Seng Hospital where he received medical treatment.
*Labor signs?: I've had some contractions here and there...sporadically...but nothing to get excited about. Booo!
The magazine skewered English for appearing in Michelob ads, hosting the Miss Universe Pageant in Las Vegas and being caught chasing skirts in the Big Apple.
covered in spots,
So another turning point was The Duchess, my very first show quilt, and the first wholecloth quilt I ever tackled. Aren't you glad I didn't decide to use this pattern for our Quilt Along wholecloth?!
shared chalice
I suppose then I should have started with a scare, but jeez. The best I have is “It may very well be a month before I post on here regularly”
Date: 3-5 August, 2011 (9AM - 5PM each day)
Part of the charm is this being kept in the dark with regards to superfluous information which would weigh down such a light hearted read. By light hearted I mean exactly that. This is easy to read but has a dark malevolence always in the shadows. For me the scenario eludes to a far darker situation than the one admitted to.
We start pushing the brush down and everything is going smoothly…that is, until I run out of poll. I started yelling at my sister who was yelling at dad, who was unable to hear because he turned the shopvac on to clean up the mess while it came out. He finally stops pulling and hears everyone yelling, only after I am pulled arms extended up to my shoulders down the top of the chimney… After that we managed to get the thing pretty clean without incident and even sang some “chim chimeny charoo” and “step in time”
to look at something for a reason – “They looked everywhere for the missing child.”;
Apathetic chime playing. That's something the Bay City Rollers never had.
13. TALK TO WILL AND SCOTT — They are both amazing individuals and I feel so fortunate to have them as my instructors. You guys made me comfortable with the idea of being an advertiser when the world is constantly telling you that advertising is evil. They have so much knowledge and insight to give you. The one thing I regret is not making myself more known to them because I know how valuable they both are.
Printable version:
Thank you both.
This second single picks up right where the last one left off, a sort of strange pop music that marries percussive rhythms with sinister vocals perfect for the dance club. It’s yet another brilliant volley.
I wrote her what I thought was a charming letter (and which, I was to discover, bore no relation to a standard query), and she responded straight away, demanding a partial. I sent it off with high hopes and retired to the pub to toast my good fortune and imminent Booker Prize.
Jordan said in the card that she sent me that it seemed that I liked meerkats... I do indeed, especially in cross stitch, and here's another one that I stitched a couple of weeks ago and forgot to share! Another xmas meerkat:
“Have you ever been convicted of a crime?” he asked.
I’ll share a couple of links to places I’ve found that could use a few good hooks and you can check ‘em out! Make sure when searching that the organization stands for the things you believe in and find things that will truly help the cause. Well, you know the drill! Make sure they’re legit! Also, before you start your projects find out if there are certain sizes or items that they are most in need of, and be sure that you know if they are requesting you use certain brands of yarn; such as if you make chemo caps or baby blankets. They might want extra soft material to snuggle in or hats that can be worn year round!
I tuck in my shirt and secure my hair
In the light of recent corporate scandals, it is a timely reminder that high priority should also be placed on the investors, without whom there will be no bond market.
These are just my memories; I know other people will have many, many more! Do feel free to share them in the comments section if you’d like to :)
The man told the woman he was with that he read three pages of the book and immediately afterwards was given a job offer. He read several pages of the book on another occasion and was given another job offer. He said that he would save the book, and whenever he was in a tough situation, he would read a couple of pages. He could not read the whole thing because what lucky talisman would he have when he finished it?
Angelica Root -
To make things easy this year, I made wish lists at Nordstrom and Amazon. That way if anyone wishes to get me a gift, it’s easy! Kind of like a gift registry for a birthday. So what’s on my list?
I went out to my deck with part of an old—as old as me!—desk that my parents recently disassembled and stuck out in the barn. I figured it would make a good target. The old veneer is surprisingly tough stuff and turned out to be too much for some of my new toys.
Russ Steele
The other man shrugged, his heavily muscled arms—bare from shoulder to elbow—pushing the thick, dark red fabric of his tabard. The tabard was cut in the style favored by Sith Lords and draped over a black tunic and trousers, bound at the waste with a wide black sash and utility belt. The tabard’s obi and lower sash were piped in gold which bore black ruins of some sort. The tabard was unique in another way in that it had its own hood—something usually worn on a separate cloak—which was pulled up over the black and gold mask; the T-shaped visor glowing an angry red from the shadows of the cowl. Held in either hand, gloved from elbow to fingertips in elaborate gauntlets of chrome and gold, was a pair of lightsaber hilts that did more to speak of the man’s intent in their design alone than any spoken threat. Each hilt—curved ever so slightly and seemed to be made of multiple layers of intricately carved metal, chased in chrome and gold—could be used as a weapon without igniting the energy blade they powered via the wicked-looking hooks the housings formed at the pommel.
As I passed into adulthood I began to question so many aspects of Christianity and the Church. I lost my faith entirely and I know deep down that I will never reclaim it. I don't pretend for a second that this loss of faith can all be pegged on a single rapture film, but when you come to God by way of the lion and not the lamb you will always be frightened and unsure. When your experiences are soured by poverty and parental loss such that you can't help but question the motives of even the most sincere do-gooders, you become that proverbial camel on the wrong side of the needle--except that you can't help but wonder to yourself why you would ever want to squeeze yourself back through.
Patching Parish Council’s submission said: “It is quite clear that the applicant, rather than make preparations for moving from the site in two years’ time, is making preparations for a long-term stay – even down to referring to the caravan as Wychway Farm.”
I am waiting for this holy moment.
Excellent news! Fort Bend Sheriff's Deputy Keith Pikett - who has earned national disapprobation over his use of dog scent lineup - announced today he will retire, reports AP:
Where George Lucas gave us racist stereotypes dressed as cartoonish aliens (in PHANTOM MENACE) and Michael Bay gave us racist stereotypes dressed as robots (TRANSFORMERS 2), I spent the first hour of AVATAR worried that James Cameron was simply giving us racist stereotypes dressed up as really tall Smurfs. Cameron clearly traffics in the historical waters and cultural weight of American racism, but it’s far too easy to racially dismiss AVATAR as “Dances with CGI” and condemn Cameron for making another “White People Make Better Indians than Indians” movie. There’s more going on here.
From one of our neighborhood newspapers in an article about some re-build money going to a local park:
a shelf on which they display their ‘together’
So what must I do in the interim? Make the gosh darned costume is all. He wants to go as Tron. Don't ask.
3. Bizarre Love Triangle (7" version)
Also at the market, we got to taste grass-fed goat. I was astonished by how much I liked it. The nice lady from Van Haren Meat Company was there selling her local product. Realizing that the best way to draw in customers is to give away samples, she had a slow cooker of goat shoulder roast going that had just been salt, pepper and garlicked. So very mild seasoning. Jenn and I were hesitant, at first deciding to split a sample. Jenn took a taste, and I was immediately told to get my own. The flavor really is very similar to beef. It had only a tiny hint of the gaminess that tends to mar non cow animals. I have tried lamb many times and can barely eat it. Goat I would eat knowingly and gladly. I will probably order some in the future, as soon as I work through the ton of meat I got from Dickman’s. I can already think of a bunch of ways to cook it, and its super healthy for you. I was so glad I got the chance to taste it.
It does not compute. Western economists can concoct all the economic recovery plans in the world, but a country that can’t teach half its people to read, and can’t produce employable university graduates, and can’t feed itself, is going to go down the drain. Nasser, Sadat and Mubarak kept Egypt under control by keeping most of its people poor, ignorant, and on the farm, and by warehousing its youth in state-run diploma mills. After sixty years of such abuse, Egypt simply can’t get there from here.
Mijanou Montealegre is a mystic, an artist and a mother and the founder of MYSTICMAMMA.COM, a living resource of wisdom and inspiration that’s an axis point for what’s happening in the cosmos. As a spiritual journalist and a purveyor of mystical wisdom, she reports on the latest messages emanating from the collective and brings her wisdom and insight to give clarity to the transformation occurring on the planet.
PROMISE BRIDES is a collection of three previously published (with Heartsong Presents) stories by S. Dionne Moore. Each of these stories stand alone, but were republished in one full sized book collection.
Ginger
assets
And since it's almost Mother's Day, consider buying one for your momma and one for yourself.
When I heard that Michelle Obama was going on The Biggest Loser to congratulate the participants on being role models I knew that I had to do something. So I e-mailed my friend Darryl Roberts, filmmaker of America the Beautiful 2: The Thin Commandments. We wrote a well-researched article pointing out the problems with Mrs. Obama endorsing the contestants as role models. That article is below.
You know the cute little song that we hear at Christmas-time: “All I want for Christmas is my two front teeth…” It’s cute, and you can almost imagine the smiling, missing-tooth face of a young child with an impish grin. That image is enough to make you feel warm inside, even at Christmas-time.
I am a wreck with money. The sewingmachinegal keeps the family books well balanced. I have a little spending money to fiddle with each month, and I probably don't use it wisely.
Half the box down, one half (and a hit) to go. Next - 2003 Fleer Genuine.
I originally had a blog on ‘another blog site’, but, having seen a few other blogs on WordPress over the last few weeks I’ve paid attention to how they look and their functionality, so, I decided to switch over. Aldo, it needed a new name, so I’ve spent a few hours trying to rename the blog.
For engineering, water utilities, manufacturing industry, high-brightness projector must be to protect property, but due to a delayed expansion, which resulted in a big purpose within obtaining a NEC cell phone method. People who find themselves enthusiastic about NEC program should look at the nec mobilepro 900 pda in Las Vegas. The dual screen tablet incorporates two 7 inch touch screens and such features as 3G, Bluetooth and WiFi.
I have not been feeling on best form today. We were meant to be going to a Toddler group but it required me to drive there and I was having giddy spells. So we stayed home and played lots! Here are some of the fun things we got up too. Most of it with very little input from me, which I think was a good thing in the end! I got to observe some great learning and development today and it has left me with some thoughts on what to plan next for each of the children.
With my boys now returning home from college, I find they have also returned to the kitchen on their own terms. I imagine this is due in part for a desire for home cooking where the frig is stocked with fresh fruit, vegetables and milk and in part to reconnect where we, as a family, spend most of our time talking and catching up but I’ve also seen another change. A couple years ago in one bleary-eyed Christmas Eve moment where I had already spent the entire day on my feet in the kitchen, I dared to suggest the idea of making drop biscuits Christmas morning instead of the cinnamon roll. It was met with the wide eyes of two reminiscent toddlers - “but it’s tradition!”
As they watched the sun come up.
K: Yes, 200 who had no link to Hamas. All the rest had a clear tie to Hamas. And each of the cases in which those 200 were killed must be checked. Those 200 are, of course, 200 too many. That doesn’t mean that we shouldn’t have carried out the operations of Cast Lead as we did. But it does mean that if there’s a Cast Lead II, we’ll have to use approaches that mean there won’t be the 200 – that there’ll be the fewer the better.
Just as I suggested yesterday, try to take a step back from things. Taking a step back from your career, school, hobbies, etc will give you a good grasp if anything is controlling your life.
Prayer is not selfish. Pray is not a check list of things that you ask God to do for you. Prayer is a powerful and effective way to grow closer to God and to understand His Will.
(CLEVELAND, February 17, 2009) Krylon®, inventor of the first aerosol clear
Spoon the remaining coffee evenly over the cake.
From 11 September 2001 to the end of March 2008, British authorities arrested 1,471 Muslims for terrorism-related offences. Yet just six months later, The Daily Mail reported the security services were scaling down checks on Muslim terrorists.
Stay with me in this imaginary world and see if you can imagine a young David Bowie getting much further than the early rounds of The Voice or the X-Factor. If he did, I’m sure that he wouldn’t be allowed to sing Space Oddity, they would make him sing something by Ed Sheeran.
* As the alleged plotters batted around assorted attack ideas–like bombing a “Nazi/Klan headquarters” or blowing up a Federal Reserve bank–Wright joked that he would wear a suicide vest and blow himself up, “but advised he would have to be very drunk.”
Michael J.
I’m right here with you, you are not alone, what seems dark to you is not to me
PAUL: The only thing that would affect me in the way I operate as a president or a congressman is my oath of office and my promises that I’ve made to the people.
She has nine dogs, all rescued animals, in addition to two children and a husband.
My children have a lot of freedom. They are free to make their own choices about lots of things like food, television, sleep, bathing, helping around the house. This makes a lot of people nervous. I have had more than a few people tell me, That's great if it works for you, but it wouldn't work for my kids. My kids wouldn't be able to regulate themselves.
I find myself in the stunning surroundings of West Brewing in Glasgow's East End for what sounds like a rather interesting, innovative and unique beer event that is taking place here as part of the Social Media Week Glasgow.
Hello everyone, and thank you to my new followers. It really means a lot to me that you read my blog!
I haven’t heard back from the funeral home, though, about going in for a drug test. All I know is after everything clears out, if I don’t make it in time to start on the 12th, I’ll definitely start on the 19th – the manager just didn’t want to wait that long for me to get started. I’m definitely not looking forward to clothes shopping this weekend; I need more professional clothes, since all I’ve been wearing for the past couple of years has been gym shorts and yoga pants, and sandals. Clothes and shoes are my worst enemy, considering I’m 6′ and wear anywhere between size 11-13 in women’s shoes – plus, 95% of what is available in those shoe sizes are freaking five inch high heels!
It was her people who "helped" the settlers through that first winter, only to be memorialized in a generic, random ad in a university cafeteria. Imagine how that must feel.
Many outlets ran the story of how Daniel Schechtman’s startling discovery of quasicrystals ran counter to everything that was perceived to be true in his field, and how he overcame prejudice and ridicule to eventually get this year’s Chemistry Nobel Prize. Eisen took a terrific “success and failure as twin imposters” angle on this, by illustrating how a similar story could apply to Felisa Wolfe-Simon’s much-criticized announcement last year that she had isolated a strain of bacteria that could use arsenic (unlike all other life on earth which uses phosphorous). Portrayals of scientific history love to glorify the ideal of the suffering, unrecognized genius, says Eisen, and yet they also reveal the destructive influence the myth of the scientific martyr can have on people who believe they fit that mould.
and buried them deep into my pockets....
- Fabric color: every color allowed
The very essence of fashion is style. Style is at the core of your very being. It is who you are. Fashion is what is in the market. Fashion is what is on trend. Fashion is sold on the racks. Once purchased, fashion must be styled to your individual taste and characteristics.
Wow! I am so excited to be able to do this. CSN contacted me and offered me a 45.00 gift certificate for one of my blog followers to spend at one of their 200 online stores. Everything from pendant lighting to things for kids and pets! They also have shoes, not that I need more shoes, but shoes are a great thing!
Love them now
23. All That I Can Do - Chasing The Yellow Line
Organization is an area where I am certainly lacking
Just as the African diaspora meant not only South Africa but South USA, and Black meant not only Africa–South, West, East and North–but also Latin America, including the Caribbean, so Black Consciousness, plunging into the struggle for freedom from Western imperialism, did not stop at the economic level anymore than did the East European freedom fighters struggling against Russian totalitarianism calling itself Communism. By no means did this signify a forgetting of the economic impoverishment of the masses; while man does not live by bread alone, he must have bread to live.
First, she has a chapter that covers the basics – busting discipline myths, explaining the importance of forming a strong and positive bond, and the importance of trying to see things from the child’s perspective. Then she lays out some key strategies that apply to almost all aspects of discipline, like stopping negative behavior, and teaching positive behavior as an alternative.
But somehow this is still not satisfying. I still ask: Why her? Why me? Why not?
The Angel Bean Etsy shop carries fleece diaper cover, skirties, and cloth diapers. Fleece diaper covers are an inexpensive addition to any stash. They aren't waterproof like PUL but are water resistant and breathable. Plus, you can find them in so many cute prints. Take a look!
5. Knochen=Girl - "1234 Ihr"
When many humans were likely to die young, it made sense for us be sexually active and attractive from an early age. Much later than prehistoric times, in recorded European history, twelve (more or less the age of puberty) was often the age where a young woman could be married.
For 5 and a half years, you have been my only job. Get up, feed you, cloth you, play with you, make sure you were safe. You have been my one and only focus since the moment you were born, if not before that. And tomorrow...you are going to start your journey without me. I know you are coming home at 3, and I realize you are still very young, but it's a beginning. I want to feel happy, and I want to be elated..but honestly, I just don't know what I'm going to do without you around.
They give you free candy on a FREE tour!!!
Instead of learning the language and culture of Spain…living the dream. I am sitting under a flickering light, typing away at a keyboard, and playing with money. Hoping I don’t get a brain cloud like that movie…Volcanoe Joe? You know the one with Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks…oh, that’s like five million movies from the nineties…anyway… Tough break for me. Play your little violins and feel sorry for me now.
Yesterday I got out of town for a hike. My intent was to hike up Mt Ellinor in the SE Olympic Mountains. I left the house early and after stopping for breakfast I was at the trailhead at 0800. The trailhead elevation is 3500 feet. I loaded up my gear and set out.
