I think resolutions have gotten a bad rep. It's an opportunity. Make a decision, start things off right. What's so bad about that? Do you think it's a waste of time? It's never too late to stop letting silent bombs in enclosed spaces, is my motto.
The full letter from the Clarence Superintendent is below:
At last, the
1 c. whipping cream (or half-and-half if you must)
my plan is to not mention it..and then when we are sitting there at church and someone mentions it...and he looks over at me...and i will give him my best puppy dog eyes like, " i can't believe you forgot mother's day".
to anybody you know, I am innocent, we are innocent,
I always draw flowers.
"DAMMIT NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
All the pipes are very rusty,
BEGUE RE, GEE SQ. Improving influenza immunization among healthcare workers. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 1998; 19: 518-520.
Swimming around the capstone, which Brown thought might have been lapis lazuli, he discovered an entrance and decided to explore inside.
Kick Off
4 stalks celery, thinly sliced
With inclusion for the actual pleasure luminescent satchels when using the Cambridge Satchel firm, only 1 excess routine of the cambridge satchel coupon latest plus appealing satchels appear to have been launched only many days ago. That was the actual special edition extensive selection thought to be 'The Metallic' satchels which in turn arrive in just of one's assortment of maybe gold or silver. I'm not special related to no matter what not any generate a distinction regardless of whether we have witnessed completely various other tones furthermore to be able to gold coins; if that is so they have got earlier also been sold out there. The actual irritating issue could perhaps become the essential truth we can't perhaps see just what bits are truly marketed away and the content recently accessible. the great majority of computer is left to help reckon work- as soon as on-line shops provide some sort of advertised store Now i am routinely consoled making use of the realizing of former choices which were absolutely well-known taking a wider public.
Seriously, try it. Its such a strange experience, you try to put words and attach meaning to the images on screen, and everyone would have a different take on what might be happening.
Sometimes, or if you’re feeling particularly immature, often, a rage face is a perfectly adequate response or indeed conversation starter. Making little and a lot of sense at the very same time, they are extremely entertaining.
born this night.
Some viewers here speculate that this is no mere stick; it is a kind of power object, a haya, from which he derives strength and protection. A haya can come in many forms including wood or iron. For instance, as art historian Patrick McNaughton describes in his book The Mande Blacksmiths, a nègè haya is a solid metal amulet that “can protect its wearer from being pierced by any weapon composed wholly or partially of iron.” It may be that Sanogo’s stick is meant, like his dozofini shirt, to convey that he carries special powers. (What appears to be a leather amulet is also visible on his left wrist in the above photo.)
Yesterday was dead loss in terms of sport but logistically a compkete success...Lime St was hugely busy but really well organised, got interviewed by Sky Sports then shuffled onto the 7:53 train to Euston, zipped along the Metropolitan Line and nipped into a cafe for a cheeky pizza and beer. Met up with some of the folk we go the game with and headed Wembley. Less said about the rest of the afternoon the better. Suffice to say it's long way to go to not turn up
This book was sent to me by the author for review, and all I can say is, I am SO. GLAD. that I accepted the offer for this one. And I am not just saying that because he is partially responsible for the extremely successful video game franchises Crash Bandicoot and Jak & Daxter. That's right, kids! The author is also the founder of Naughty Dog (which, on a side note, if you are the owner of a PlayStation 3, keep an eye on their upcoming game, The Last of Us, because it looks friggin' amazing. I'm really sad it's not going to be available for PC).
for once to lie down under the small fire
I, on the other hand, have no problem just filling up on pancakes!
There are issues to be addressed concerning the “new nationalist” BNP, however I have heard, that here is not the place to air them, expurgation deplorably has the day. It has come to something, when nationalists must hold their own against so-called fellow nationalists, when leaders of parties, disparage willy-nilly.
For many people, face time is equivalent with value. Doctors are always trying to balance the number of patients they see with quality of care they can provide. If you have too many patients on your schedule, you’re not going to be able to spend the quality time needed to meet everyone’s needs. But if you see too few patients then you can’t afford to continue.
Recipe from Trisha Yearwoods Home Cooking cookbook
If you're chosen as a Guest Designer for Memorable Seasons
B2 and I went to the grocery store together and in the produce section next to the tofu was a Tofurky... already packaged and stuffed for $12.99. Since the kitchen was going to be a bit monopolized, we figured this was a great alternative and we added it to the cart.
MTBF score associated with The new sony AIT4 hard disks is a lot superior to that of it’s rival mp3 technologies. With an unequaled Four hundred,000 MTBF, the actual AIT4 clients can enjoy superior read/record accuracy. Clear migration path is provided to the users of AIT-3, AIT2 as well as AIT 1 as many of these tape decades are read compatible with AIT4 hard disks. Moreover, the ability to create data on to AIT Three videos additional raises the storage space value. That buy guild wars 2 gold is why the actual value-conscious customers are more drawn to AIT-4 answer, which provides higher media compatibility and excellent investment protection.
The problem with this home was location. It would have fit our family of 6 perfectly and it was beautifully updated, but it was just a little too far out, a little too far from Boston. I learned my lesson. When we went to New Hampshire back in February, we both felt very peaceful and happy about that one little town with its village green mentioned in my last post. It felt like home, and we don't need to look anywhere else.
trying to make connections between ancient and modern ideas
9:30 pm MDT May 5th (Denver)
Castles of stone, soul and glory
Of all the female offenders that the Victorian city can offer for study, prostitutes are the group that most suffer from this lack of sufficient and useful evidence. The case of Lydia Lloyd proves a fine example of this.
It is Porras’s job as the head diplomat that lets one understand why Peru’s monetary designers placed the building they did on the reverse of the 20 soles bill. This edifice is Palacio de Torre Tagle and it is the current home of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
SB 10.88.36: Instantly his head shattered as if struck by a lightning bolt, and the demon fell down dead. From the sky were heard cries of “Victory!” “Obeisances!” and “Well done!”
Mass Effect Homeworlds #1
Motrin’s mistake was in not using the negative attention to engage in a dialog with the angered moms. By taking them seriously and listening to their concerns, Motrin could have probably defused the uproar and possibly turned the furor into an advantage. Engaging in a dialog would have enabled Motrin to explain that they were trying to be funny, and they were sorry that hadn’t worked.
We wanted to let you know that we've removed your review of Susie's Cafe. Your review was flagged by the Yelp community, and our Support team has determined that it falls outside our Content Guidelines (http://www.yelp.c...) because it contains inappropriate content.
How about you? How could you use a resource like this in your home?
Click to enlarge it.
What's really cool about this piece is that you can change the photo and the name box area as often as desired, giving a new look, which means that you can use this print over and over again for years to come.
"Our forefathers promoted unity and respect and, sadly, in our society today this is not evident (among) many who call themselves proud Fijians."
The gel hit me pretty quickly and I was back on pace. I wasn't going to let one slow mile bother me. I was still well on pace to go sub-4. We came into the Parque del Oeste at this point and were in there for what seemed like forever. The park was beautiful but it was so hot. There were some small inclines and some steep declines in the park but I was taking them pretty easily.
1/4 tsp coarse salt
First of all, check out PAX if it’s at all feasible. It’s a good convention, makes you feel a little less like every person who likes video games is a weird jerk, an antidote to comments section of any website. Lots of neat stuff was on display.
an awesome track it is! A very nice kick and melody, this new talent really made a beautiful piece of music.
bumfooted and human next
From north of the border,
It never has happened and it will never happen.
write a few words about lily notes in perfume -- not to be confused
Your thoughts of other people define the relationship before it even happens.
So for me, this was a huge blessing. With the help of my dear friend and fellow YA author, Danielle Bannister, we started shredding my two chapters. She was brutal, I won’t lie, but I love her for it! Her NUMEROUS comments helped me to become a better writer- to expand beyond the limits I didn’t even realize I had set for myself. If not for her, Ignite might still just be an idea swirling around in my crowded brain. THANKS DANIELLE!
7. Interlude
I’m not even sure who I would recommend this to? I doubt there is a huge market for netsuke among people I know or the people who read this blog (please let me know if that’s incorrect!). Obviously an interest in ceramics/pottery (which I don’t personally have) may make it more intriguing but I think if you like a mixture of memoir and story then maybe this is the book for you.
I can't even remember the last time I purchased a pack of this set. (2007, perhaps?)
As I mentioned in an earlier post, what I called “fear of the summit” was really the fear of success. This may seem ridiculous but it is the reality for a great number of people. You are in a relationship with somebody you think is “too good for you” and sure enough you find a way of screwing it up, the opportunity to land the biggest deal of you career comes and you somehow screw it up and say you “knew it was too good to be true,” you never quite reach the goals you set because when it comes down to the wire you are not “comfortable” surpassing your “preset” level of success.
Grime, heat, rush, aide-de-camps galloping by or on a full run,
For writers who have attended the Insight workshop, or for those with some experience of the women's mag market who want to improve their skills. Cost - £40.
5. I am an avid art lover.
This year, Copic Design Team member, Debbie Olson, will assist Ken (President of Imagination international, Inc., importer of Copic Markers.)
Preserving traditional pubs is just as important as preserving real ale
Flamfoo – A gaudily dressed woman who believes she is fashionable.
Marge put the needle against my forearm and made to insert it. That's when I cracked. I pulled my arm away but not before the needle had scratched my skin. Marge jumped with fright.
“But boss Griffin refused to accept the sleazeball’s resignation.
It was during this time that I started having anxiety attacks. And still, God remained silent.
U.S. scientist says scores of UFOs fly around the Sun
One of the simplest ways to find a good laptop for gaming purpose is by reading reviews and articles that are available on the web. Most laptops that can be used primarily for gaming are available between the price ranges of $1000 to $4000. The price varies across different brands. If you do not research well, you will end up buying a laptop at an expensive price. Moreover, if you buy a laptop that is low on specs at a higher price, you may regret your decision.
But it’s certainly true that my own preoccupations determine the slant a story will take. I was around ten when I learnt about the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in WWII. Ever since, I’ve been obsessed with the question of whether or not scientists have moral responsibility for their discoveries.
No marriage is fun - ALL the time.
1443 **D-X/28/2002. “Twenty-four Hours: Civilization and Its Discontented.” Jurisprudence Course, The School of Law, Loyola, University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(2), above, pp. 802-05.)
At its core, this book is a love story like any other Chetan story. But then the expose of the corrupt education system, the profit making private engineering colleges, issue of bribing etc. give the book a contemporary feel. Probably it wasn’t destined since he started writing the book 2 years back, but the issue of corruption has been reignited by Anna Hazare. And for the same reason a lot of readers would associate with the issues mentioned in the book pretty well.
You are Mine.
Dear Dr. Xxxxx
We go along and have our little routines, then bump! something is just not working. The pattern is not looking right, but you're not really sure what went wrong.
So on the one hand, you have barely twenty-year old ICBMs (inner city black males), on their way to mopping the floors at Burger King, who think nothing of an early-morning shootout with the cops, which is the norm.
14. Life's Been Good (Joe Walsh song)
2 Punished 8:56
If independents decide to stay home, Obama could win. They won't. The Tea Party folk have not gone away.
Finally, why are Thornbridge doing this?
I originally read this story when it was serialised on Stardoll, a gaming site for teenagers. Over a period of eight weeks, a chapter was released each day. I found out about it quite late on, when it was almost finished, so I had to catch up over a series of three days. All in all, I quite enjoyed it.
to say I understand
Just a dirty old shack
Not safe for work
Now, to begin our discussion of Kṛṣṇa I will tell you about the birth, deeds, and rescue of Parīkṣit, the sage among kings, and the final end of the sons of Pāṇḍu.
Today’s post is a small tribute to George Carlin. I’m assuming that you know who he is. In the unlikely event that you don’t know, google him, go to youtube to see some of his videos and if you still have spare time, then come back here.
So to start I'm going with a bit of 'selective colouring' or colour popping (I think some people call it that) I use mostly open source software, so for this tutorial I'm using The Gnu Image Manipulation Program (or GIMP for short, I know) and I'm using the latest version (2.8) which amongst other improvements now has a single window mode, which is very good.
M.C. laughing with me when I suggested ways we could make her "Jersey Shore" article more school-appropriate.
Brooklyn also started (a different) preschool this week. She shrugged when we dropped her off and cried when she has to leave. The people there are amazing. Speaking of Brooklyn, her mom has been sober since she went to jail and completed her 3 month halfway house stay at the end of August. Her next court date is in December, so I'm not too sure if Miss Brooklyn will be her for Christmas - we'll see.
When scoring the answers, you can award bonus points for extras, e.g. – naming any scholar as an authority (especially non-Christian scholars), referencing a book or a debate, referencing peer-reviewed papers, listing and refuting other points of view, recounting debates she herself has had with opponents, and pointing to her own past writings. Best of all is passion and aggression in answering the questions. Sometimes it is a good idea to pretend to disagree with her, or to pretend to be unconvinced, and then have her try to convince you. Another good thing to look for is susceptibility and vulnerability – she should have real feelings about these topics – it shows that she’s invested in them.
On second thought, do not think about it. Or see this movie. The action and nudity do not make up for the mind numbing preaching. I try to judge how well an artist presents his message even if I do not agree with it, but Seagal’s environmental sermon is so bad, I cannot deal with it. Even with the naked Eskimos.
You will find your way
I drive past the signs for this on the 401 all the time. It’s one of those places that I think, wow my daughter would LOVE to go here, but secretly I would love to go too.
I'm taking a big stack of books with me that I'm going to read at a leisurely pace, something I'm very excited about! Anyway - hope you all have a lovely week and I'll catch up with you all when I get back.
1 apple
Dark Matter
I can't cook anything that takes more than 40 minutes to prepare.
Once the cake is cold, slice in half and spread with the apricot jam between the layers, spread the rest of the jam over the entire surface and sides of the cake. Leave this to set while you make the ganache.
Stamp - James Fishing - Digi Stamp Boutique
I have something in common with a Contessa. No, it’s not the wealth, nor the beauty. But we both think Peter Lupus, billed under the stage name Rock Stevens, is cute and fun. Muscle Beach Party gives Lupus’s character Flex Martian, also known as Mr. Galaxy, a chance to really show off his award-winning physique. Lupus became regular Willie Armitage on Mission: Impossible two years after this classic entry in the Beach Party series. Flex proudly wears a shiny purple bathing suit with a gold cape and is surrounded by seven shorter muscular men in shiny pink bathing trunks and pink capes (named Biff, Rock, Tug, Riff, Hulk, Sulk, and Clod) and their manager Jack Fanny, perfectly portrayed by Don Rickles.
So, Child 1, and myself, enter public elementary school knowing that people feel this way. (Okay, Child 1 doesn't know and even if he did he probably wouldn't care, it was just me that knew this) and at first I was afraid to even mention that he had a disability, but as the years have gone on I realize that there's a pretty good crew of folks at the school and I haven't much encountered that attitude. PHEW!
But, we'll hear his tales no longer, of ol' Bob has passed away, and the world's a little poorer, for a Veteran died today.
Why you ask? Because I'm a trend-setting futurist, duh. You know we'll all eventually be using them, anyway, I'm just ahead of the curve...it also may have something to do with the fact that I'm falling apart.
world barren. It dispels the intoxicating juice of
I have a black sack.
6. Repeat steps 4 and 5 with second portion of meat, green onions and red onions. Place the watercress in the middle of the serving plate and spoon hot beef and onions on top.
Trudy was a beautiful, calming and courageous muse for "Hidden". She races along the beaches with Alix and never lets her down. Every young person could do with a faithful dog like Trudy by their side to negotiate the tricky moral, emotional and physical paths towards growing up and becoming independent.
The proposed revision for the DSM-5 (Roman numerals are clearly out of fashion!)
Now Eddie has his back, but Mills gets back up and Eddie has him up against the cage. They switch positions and Mills has Eddie up against the cage. And, now Eddie gets another take down. But, this time he lands in the full guard of Mills. Mills is trying to land some shots off of his back, but nothing with much force. Eddie lands some shots to the body from the guard of Mills.
8) Invest in a vuvuzela or noisemakers. Throughout the day, blow it directly in your ear. This is a faulty step. It’s nowhere near as annoying as constant demands and tantrums. But we have to work with what we have.
Tel: +233 249 141364.
THE BLACK MAGICIAN TRILOGY: How amazing are these covers? They are so different from anything else in the fantasy genre at the moment, yet they are also very balanced. If you enjoy fantasy books – then definitely pick up this series as a nice introduction to how Trudi Canavan writes.
This is a place that will tweak your
I was lucky enough to see this masterpiece in the cinema on the big screen when still an impressionable youth. Shot in 1976 the film is only ten minutes long ending the steps of the Montmartre.
I'm very interested in hearing about how you manage horses in the winter and anything you do to make the job easier.
So this morning, I did the next best thing. I sat down in front of my computer, turned my webcam on and read the words aloud, hoping by doing so, I could somehow send them into the universe in just the way I heard them in my head and have you understand.
“Rose,” he said, in that tone of voice you don’t ignore ever, even when it’s your (semi) annoying older brother. “Stand up really slowly.”
Let’s face it, none of the candidates are perfect. They never are. But McCain is the least perfect of the viable candidates. The only one left standing who can honestly be said to share most of our conservative principles is Mitt Romney. I say this as someone who has not been an active Romney supporter. If conservatives don’t unite behind Romney at this stage, and become vocal in their support for him, then they will get McCain as their Republican nominee and probably a Democrat president. And in either case, we will have a deeply flawed president.
Do you know of any sources to help those who feel they are victims? If so, please comment, who knows, someone may actually be reading this stuff and be reaching out for help…you may be their life-line?
Painting and drawing is definately the medium right now, but more in the form of cartoonish drawing, childish narrative and figuration of some sort. The art market is booming, and a major part of it is being cool. Collectors want to be young and cool like the cool kids making the art and running the galleries. Cool kids want to be famous and rich in some sort of arty way and it is all becoming a vescious frenzy that will sping out of control. It’sthe ‘80s again. The art world wants to be just like Hollywood, and pop music. The art world has its own celbrity’s and “it” boys and “it” girls. And also “it” mediums, or styles, and right now, it’s about drawing shows with work best described as graffiti meets awkward summer days of the late 70s-early 80s with a touch of shock -value sexual confusion. And while the up-and-comer gallerists et al fight hand over fist to represent the next gawky kid in process of getting a BFA, that sort of painting & drawing’s moment is already just about over. It’s like the verse in the title track of Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band: “It was 20 years ago today/Sgt. Pepper taught the band to play/they’ve been goin’ in and out of style/but they’re guaranteed to raise a smile…” Nothing dies or goes away, it just comes in and out of style. This goes for art much beyond ye olde painting & drawing. Now it seems that this metaphorical swinging pendulum every one is always talking about is moving faster and faster as the art world becomes more and more obsessed with being a part of pop culture.
In fact, I’m always a little startled that no one presents me with a plaque to mark the occasion.
this week was a chaos week.
A teenager was left for dead after being chased and savagely beaten by a gang of Asians in a suspected racist attack.
Hand made sugar cubes!
It helps you to understand why the Taliban and the ANSF both seem to want to kill American troops and the Afghan population might be very keen for ISAF to leave. This thoughtful and well-written piece by Neil Shea for “The American Scholar” discusses the issue of war crimes and atrocities and is based on the author’s time embedded in a US infantry platoon in the summer of last year. It reads like an updated screen play of Oliver Stone’s classic war film, “Platoon”. In fact it reads like an updated version of pretty much all the Vietnam war films I have ever seen. A couple of the most depressing moments to give you a flavour:
1320 D-VI/4(A)/1999. “For Erica Aronson (1922-1999).” Dedication, First Friday Lecture, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, The Cultural Center, Chicago Public Library, Chicago, Illinois. See Item D-XII/6/1961, above.
I want to be able to avoid using possessed shopping carts whenever possible, but knowing me I’ll be the one to find this beast again.
Lemon Bundt Cake
10And there are seven kings: five are fallen, and one is, and the other is not yet come; and when he cometh, he must continue a short space.
3. Cow Face Pose – Great for: Glutes, shoulder & upper arm areas
Sooo.. who's Olly?
The weather was exceptional with hot sun for awhile followed up with a torrential downpour from a thunderstorm that moved in just after we went to the Marina Grill for a late lunch. Rather than stay longer we decided to leave.
This was the essence of the argument that led to the UNESCO Convention on the Protection and Promotion of the Diversity of Cultural Expressions, which affirms “that cultural diversity is a defining characteristic of humanity” that “should be cherished and preserved for the benefit of all” as it “creates a rich and varied world which increases the range of choices and nurtures human capacities and values”. The Convention states that cultural diversity flourishes “within a framework of democracy, tolerance, social justice and mutual respect between peoples and cultures” and “is indispensable for peace and security at the local, national and international levels”.
1 Loreal = the number of blonde Irish women ÷ the number of naturally blonde Irish women.
4. Smith and Nephew $4.0 billion.
Beautiful Yetta, The Yiddish Chicken by Daniel Pinkwater with illustrations by Jill Pinkwater
President: Ryley Miller
Also, why am I not surprised RIOC President Shane is reporting that FERI is now seeking some sort of Southpoint Park site control resolution from the RIOC Board supporting their proposal? From the August 2, 2008 Main Street WIRE RIOC Column by Steve Shane on the FDR Memorial: The Franklin and Elearnor Roosevelt Institute (FERI) group, having secured additional financing commitments from the city, is seeking further approvals from the state and federal agencies having jurisdiction. FERI has requested RIOC to consider the proposal, again, before FERI spends lots of money on the application process, and to have the Board issue a conditional, non-binding resolution of willingness to proceed, in the same manner as previously utilized for the Octagon, Southtown, and other Island developments with identifiable progress milestones. The item should be on the Board’s September meeting agenda.This appears to be another example of FERI not being able to raise the necessary funds for the memorial within the Fall 2008 deadline and seeking yet another delay. As reported in the March 29 Main Street WIRE's (PDF File) excellent issue concerning the FDR memorial, RIOC President Steve Shane said of the deadline: ... the close-out date for the Kahn memorial will come “when development of Phase I of Southpoint Park reaches the stage where it’s no longer able to be traversed for construction activity... We are going ahead with that. There’s going to be a groundbreaking this summer, and the construction of the park will be ongoing. We are about to start the stabilization of the Renwick Ruin and we are going to do that. Once that reaches the stage where it’s no longer possible to traverse that part and the design does not permit construction roads through it – it will no longer be possible to access Southpoint for that purpose.”
Gold Agenda Earn 4 stars
When the last of our school-year activities ends in May, I’ll be pulling out the sewing machine and laptop, finishing up some big quilting and writing projects I started a few months ago. I’ll buy a “Haul Pass” for Jared and a few day passes for me from the Transit Authority to make hitting the pool at one of our many rec centers a lot easier. As summer fruits hit the produce stands, I’ll replenish our stash of jams, jellies, and fruit salsas.
3. After your information has been upload to the calendar, I will send you an email to confirm you've been added, and will be provided with the password to access the calendar. (I've made it password protected, so that the general public can't get a hold of our very private mailing addresses).
“Rela!” I screeched, feeling my foot slip off the roof. Her eyes widened as she recaptured her balance.
Central auditory processing disorder (CAPD) is a learning disability which affects about 5% of school-aged children. These youngsters often have normal intelligence and hearing. Their ears receive the sounds and words, just as other children's do, but their brains cannot process them readily. Already in the primary grades, children with CAPD may have been labelled as lazy, disobedient, poor listeners, or misdiagnosed as having ADD (attention deficit disorder).
Andrew suggested that a good next step might be for organisations to work together to help spread an authoritative message, thereby extending the reach.
So that extra surprise I mentioned? One winner will be chosen from the blog with the REAL photo to win a Grab Bag. What's in it? I have no clue. But here's a picture, in case you have special powers to figure it out:
But the sci-fi angle is not to be ignored. We get people going through shiny blue time portals, robots that serve as peoples consciences and ancient people who can survive only by living inside of life supporting tubes! We get to see crying robots! Time paradoxes that cause earthquakes and characters that say the cheesiest lines on the planet! Yeah, let’s get that straight, this film might get a laugh or two from you at times, characters just talk in the silliest ways and do the silliest things. For example, the future is decayed, everyone is sick and dying yet the time traveling girls apparently have the time to put on make up and get perms! The world might be dying but Louise Baltimore is going down in style! Ha! It’s hilarious! When she goes to earth, she looks like a stewardess, but when she goes to her world, suddenly Bam! her hair is like a freaking 80’s hair band! It’s pretty funny; it looks so out of place! Another funny thing, every time they finish smoking one of their healthy cigarettes, they don’t have to worry about an ashtray because a lazer beam comes out of nowhere and disintegrates the cigarette! Ha! No need for ashtrays on this future! On this future we have cigarette disintegrating lazer beams! Just imagine the logistics behind that idea!
Colm's poetry features in issue 1 of the hippididippest new poetry magazine the Poetry Bus, as does the above illustration based on his poem. I've a couple of poems in there too, alongside a whole heap of talented people.
But the best Pokemon by far?
I have been told the insiders are considering seven different ways in which this collapse could happen. All of them are thought to be potentially very imminent, even before the end of the year.
10. Having your children curse you out in public is not normal.
Peel the bananas and slice into 3/8-inch rounds; use a ruler (I'm kidding!). Cover the banana slices with plastic wrap to keep them from darkening, and quickly make your pudding.
Nearly 2,000 women and children are missing.
Canadian politics generally don't garner a lot of attention at a more international level. Unlike our neighbours to the south, our elections appear, on the surface, to only cause a minor ripple on the political landscape. This time, I feel it's different. Our Prime Minister, Stephen Harper, has characterized this election as unnecessary. I beg to differ.
Beef: A Moral Food Choice? Are Rabbits Better?
There are many factors to consider when choosing which fish to eat, two of which include species (the type of fish, such as halibut, salmon, etc.) and source (where the fish was raised or caught). These aren’t simple decisions when you consider that the nutritional value of fish varies from species to species, and that each source carries a different potential for contamination, nutrition and environmental impact.
Someone has "borrowed" the cord to get the pictures off my camera and onto my computer (and can't find it), so I can't show you an actual picture of mine ... so here's a photo from the Regal catalogue instead to show you what it looks like. The great thing about this organizer is that you just pick the whole thing up and move it right into another purse. I never forget stuff in other purses this way! It's got a pocket for my cell phone, credit and points cards, and lots of room in the middle for wallet, etc. Love it! It was really inexpensive too, only $14.99.
To help promote zombie obsession everywhere I'm giving away 2-I love Zombie book marks!
Lord for my sake
Yes, I know the picture above really has nothing to do with the post I’ve written today. It’s what I imagine Todd and I would have looked like if we had met as babies. (Translation…I couldn’t find anything that really fit so I opted for cute. Cute will win out every time!)
Happy Pre-Birthday.
In Indonesia, on Sumatra, two young Norwegians, Andreas G Gjertsen and Yashar Hanstad, assisted by other architects, joined forces with the local community to build a cooperative cinnamon production unit, which doubles up as a training centre for the workforce.
2 celery stalks sliced
I hope and pray that you all have a wonderful Lord’s Day today. Thank the Lord for the rain.
It's surely better than sex for the effects will last much longer.
I do realise that it is Bill Miller, trucking tycoon from the USA, who is looking to buy the club, rather than Machiavelli!
do 20+ push-ups four days out of the week
So let's get on with it shall we!
shed dead tears all 'round town
“Behold, I shew you a mystery that we will be changed.”
If movies like An American Crime and The Girl Next Door are way too brutal for you, then don't check out Sadico Amor. Sadico Amor is just as disturbing as those two movies. It will disgust you and for sure it will upset you. 8/10.
Starting with African American Vernacular FolkArt, to the Beautification of the Humble Rural & Urban Home. The Fine Art, Abstracted Narrative Compositions of Jacob Lawrence. Onward to the Funky Assemblage Fine Art Sculptures of Nick Caves. The Cubist abstractions of William T. Williams. To Odili Donald Odita Mystical abstractioned murals. And on and on and on, into the emergence of Abstract Designs for Products designed exclusively in the Aesthetic of Funk for family, community and Global Re-Juvenation & development.
And much, much more. This game would be especially useful if you don't have cable and keep having your shows preempted by news coverage of a storm in the panhandle. If you're from this state, you get it.
How can so many girls and women love books from a huge variety of genres where the main character floats along on the tide, rather than rowing her own boat? (I've "picked on" Bella Swan because she's the most recognisable, but there are so many.)
Heart Alone US
* Patent attorneys experienced an increased workload. In this study, companies reported a 21% increase in the median research and development expenses to patent attorneys.
2. THE MALTESE FALCON (1941)
This is a suit which is equally at home in the boardroom as at a wedding, or indeed at a funeral. It can be worn for everyday work situations or for the special occasion. Merely changing one’s shirt or tie is enough to enable this versatile suit to adapt to a different context. It can be worn in very formal contexts with a white or blue shirt with black shoes and a striped tie and cuff-links, or in slightly less formal contexts, say with a pink, lilac, or pale green shirt with dark brown shoes, with or without a tie.
Most of the time these gifts were intended for young ladies, and served as a graduation gift as they ventured onto the world of college.
Once more, we go back to the imagery, because as Phantasm proves, that is what any good horror movie is remembered for. Do we remember scenes in this film? Scenes that made us jump? Little scenes? Big scenes? Scenes we almost missed because we were too scared to look at the screen? Oh, there's plenty of them here, and they work. Every single one of them.
Preheat oven to 425 F.
Arrogance is insisting on a fakebelieve meme that unelected regimes as just as bona fide"d as elected govs!
He is trapped yet is determined to escape he begins chiseling away at the rock with a knife, however this plan completely fails. Over the 127 hours that he is trapped he used his camcorder to keep a video diary. As he realizes his efforts to chip away at the boulder are futile, he begins to attempt to cut into his arm, but finds his knife too dull to break his skin. He then stabs his arm, but realizes he will not be able to cut through the bone. He finds himself out of water and is forced to drink his own urine. His video logs become more and more desperate as he feels himself dying. He begins dreaming about relationships and past experiences.
…it’s not easy to trust your heart
HAB - Habit (Evergreen, Semi-evergreen or Dormant)
She is not alone
Who likes to have a virus on his/her PC? No one, right? And yes I think I got one because of the USB of my professor. We had a quiz using MS Excel and we had to do it on our own laptop. Not knowing, her USB has a serious and dangerous virus. The hardest virus to fix. That’s all because of her other student in broadcasting class. And because we have no choice, we need to put our activity on her USB.
There's also a shamelessly selfish reason why I was rooting for Bracia as well, when I was introducing Kelly or Stef to people I kept on saying they'd entered this sublime beer and it really should medal - so at least I didn't end up with honeyed egg on my face there!
6. You reach you last day and feel heartbroken that you never learned the skill of transforming adversity into victory and lead into gold.
I did about six more months of revisions with her--both on the text and the sketches--before we submitted my manuscript to publishers. I was really happy with the submission, and I felt like it was as shiny as it could be.
The Undomestic Goddess
Due to a challenging schedule, I haven’t updated Harald’s blog daily as I’d wanted to. So, to catch up, I’m going to include a number of Harald’s podcasts below.
The Life Path 3 person has a natural fit with Life Paths 3, 6, and 9. They get along well with Life Paths 1, 2, and 5. But they find a challenge (or need to compromise) with Life Paths 4, 7, and 8.
Dessert Table: I used a red sheet and the curtains from my twins room to create the window backdrop for the decadent dessert table. I hung a pennant banner to incorporate all the colors. We didn't need many sweets (the kids had more than their share of candy while decorating) so I kept it simple with cupcakes, gingerbread cookies, ginger snaps and hot cocoa.
This book is from my private collection.
“She is good, you know; she really puts a lot into training,” Silva said.
Has anybody ever told you that you've got lovely eyes and beautiful lips,
But wherefore do I tell these news to thee?
Where: Newcastle Region Library, Lovett Gallery, Laman Street
As a result, last weekend I watched an episode of NBC's Law and Order entitled “Birthright”.
“Mummy, I have an owie in my tummy. Mummy, my tummy hurts. Mummy. Mummy. Mummy. Mummy! Mummy! Mummy! Mummy! Mummy!!!!!! I HAVE AN OWIE!”
And it doesn’t mean you’re not connected, that communitie’s not present, just take the perspective you get from being one person in one head and feel the effects of it. take silence and respect it. if you have an art that needs a practice, stop neglecting it. if your family doesn’t get you, or religious sect is not meant for you, don’t obsess about it.
I linked up at the following linky parties:
How? By your reaction. You cannot control a red light., but you can control your reaction. Don't let people fool you; YOU can control how you react.
Two observations in conclusion. First, the gun-registry data litigation, about which I have blogged profusely, is in a sense an example of a government trying to get information from another, albeit with a (big) twist, in that its claim is largely (but not entirely!) based on its own contribution to the collection of this information. And second, whatever limits there might be on what one government can force another to do, there are probably none on what they can agree to.
5) Former Satanist, Doc Marquis, reveals that, while in the Illuminati, he was taught that the two Seals are NOT official seals of the United States, but of the Global Illuminati!
Girl points out the lamb hearts to mum, who regards them with unconcealed disgust.
Earrings: Atelier Colori
How would you surprise a good friend for her birthday if you could do whatever you wanted? And I mean WHATEVER. No limits.
Tommy Want Wingy: Great taste! Clean lemon flavor (I later learned the team used lime in the recipe.) Great heat and flavor as well. A team member said the team worked for MONTHS on the recipe, and it shows.
This can be material things that need to be tossed, or spiritual clutter that just needs to be removed...
The "topkoks' / 'Top Chefs' include: Ferran Adrià- restaurant El Bulli, Spain, Herman den Blijker-tv chef- Herrie in de keuken, The Netherlands, Filip Claeys- Restaurant De Jonkman, Belgium, Ramon Beuk- TV chef 'Born2cook' The Netherlands, Sergio Herman- Restaurant Oud Sluis, The Netherlands.
forgive myself for the moments when I feel like I've not done the best I wanted to do,
Second Yoga Jeans are specially made to fit and flatter all body types from the slim to the curvy. I love that! I am not skinny and having jeans that flatter my figure and make me feel and look good is amazing.
She grabbed his face and pulled it to hers, they kissed passionately. James couldn’t believe it, it was like all of his dreams had come true at once.
Either that or I become extra fluffy too.
I hear God saying to me….
“But these two cruel bastards, their actions brought tears to my eyes,” said the Evil One, holding back his emotions as he looked at pictures of the abandoned cats, some too weak to even move. “As evil and badass as I am, I wouldn’t think of putting defenseless creatures in such horrid environments. Even in Hell we only torture those who deserve it. What have the little kitties done to deserve such treatment?”
I would like to love what I cannot change;
Do not ever approach two women in the same group. No woman wants to feel like second best. Refrain from approaching one after another in the same group. You look like a loser and the women may think you are desperate and looking for any port in a storm. Even if you are, don’t show it.
So naturally, I do a hill workout.
That was when I last heard from him.We didn’t argue, we didn’t have a disagreement – it was just the last time I heard from him. His flight was due in two nights ago and I texted him welcoming him here. No response.
One of the main purposes in a relationship is for both partiesto be supportive should one party lose its foothold and become emotionally unstable. In many cases this is not remembered nor committed to and eventually the relationship loses its strengths and good memories to conflicts and instabilities. Yet all can be rescued through proper third party professional intervention . Third party intervention will intervene at the location of the emotional triggers for flight or fight and begin to install through practice the tools mentioned above.
But what if I set out to fail? What room is there for accidents? What if I convince myself there is no platonic ideal? What would it mean to free myself? Can I?
We've already swapped a few times and I'm seriously in love with these shades she gave me, neutral, pink and glitter- totally perfect!
To be honest, it feels like a bit of a hollow victory in that my partner in thinness and I were unable to follow Tracy's diet to the letter but, as you will have read, it was not going to happen.
I did not expect this:
- Once I get up at 5:30 am for a potty break, I'm up...and so is he!
Having a governor who cannot say no without anger is a problem. It displays a lack of very necessary diplomatic skills. She likely will learn that accumulating enemies is a chancy business in politics. And ending each conversation and letter telling someone “no” with a rhetorical “and the horse you rode in on,” is a great way to accumulate them.
Did I mention that there was a Cooper's Hawk sitting on the birdbath the other day? He was just hanging out, freaking out all the little birds and squirrels while having a through the window staring contest with Busby the cat.
1 property
pickle;
As a writer I think it’s important to gain all the tools you need to write the best fiction/non-fiction you are able. Tools, like in any profession, are necessary to do your job right. Understanding relationships is just another tool, especially if you are writing any type of romantic fiction.
NL Central:
Count your blessings; name them one by one. You don’t need a great big mansion of a house with an all-consuming mortgage that goes on forever. You do need a comfortable and pleasant home where love abides. Someone has said that there is no more beautiful picture than that of a good woman cooking a meal for those she loves. Weigh carefully that which you do. You do not need some of the extravagances that working outside the home might bring. Weigh carefully the importance of your being in the home when your children come from school.
oven roasted potatoes
Lanterns: The lanterns (two hanging and two floor) are also great. We don’t have any lanterns on our house, but I’ve seen floor lanterns at Home Goods for a decent price. Fill them up with tall candles and some walnuts and you’re set.
Jesus didn’t toss in the towel on his apostles, despite their failings, and his selections turned out pretty well. Maybe we shouldn’t be so quick to give up on others, either.
He reminded me that Philippians and 1 Peter show us our true identity. He encouraged me that my feelings were not unique to me. He suggested that most humans feel like they don’t quite belong and that they live life looking for people and places where they can feel like they belong.
Are you happy as a noble, or would you rather be back in the fishing village?
Elenchera is a fantasy world but in many ways it is meant to resonate with the reality of life that we live each day. The characters whose journeys you share are meant to take hold of you; their stories could easily happen in our own world; they just happen to take place in Elenchera. I want readers to be able to dip into the novels and feel a part of the world but not to have it overwhelming them. Fantasy worlds are wonderful places and the likes of Middle Earth, Narnia and Discworld are among the best but none of them should ever detract from the story and the characters. That’s the promise I want to make to you when you come and visit Elenchera. Now, bring your guidebook and let’s start this journey...
Another take: what if grandad is a giant uber-geek. A silver surfer and gamer, with millions of online friends. What if his store sells replica weapons, StarWars and StarTrek memorabilia, movie props and vintage computer games?
The challenge will close as always, next Saturday at 8.00pm UK time.
He directed me to that verse and two things that stood out to me were that HIS LOVE is better than my life will ever be and that for that reason, every word from my lips should be to and for HIS GLORY!
Every time I pour myself a pint, it takes me back the dark wooden booths of the London pubs where I first had one. Upon arriving in London, my first stop was a little pub in the Paddington neighborhood. I went up to the bar and asked for a beer that was brewed in London. After a funny look from the bartender, he poured me a pint. It was a Fuller's ale. This was a defining moment in my life. As I sat and savored the wonderful caramel tinted ale, I realized what I had been missing all these years. Beer wasn't meant to be served 1 degree above freezing. It wasn't meant to be drunk out of a bottle or a can. Beer was meant to be enjoyed like that moment. It was brewed with love to bring pure pleasure to the sence of taste.
Let us get this out of the way before diving into some very deep waters. I am a big Ed Norton fan. One of the things I like most about him is he is not afraid to play an unsympathetic character. I admire this because certain actors--Ralph Fiennes after playing the sadistic Nazi commandant in Schindler’s List is a big example--can completely ruin their ability to play morally decent characters in other films as far as I am concerned. No Fiennes here. It really just means he played the commandant very well. What it means for Notton is he is such a fine actor, I can enjou him in anything and believe his character no matter how polar opposite the character might be from other roles Norton has played.
You could turn all of Berlin into a geomagnetic harddrive.
We’re organising our AGM at the minute, likely to be held in Ireland around the start of next season and are hoping that Jim and his good lady Elisabeth might be able to join us. We also hold bi-annual ‘club trips’ where we try and get as many members as possible together to not only go to a match but make a weekend of it too. Next season, we’re looking at weekends in Aberdeen and Dundee to coincide with Celtic’s trips to Pittodrie and Tannadice respectively. A lot of members have had new additions to their families this season too so we’re looking at a Junior Capo club trip next season as well.
In Dionysus we trust
"So Peter was kept in prison,
One clue that might help... the box was kinda heavy. There's not just 2 pens rattling around in there. The contest ends Friday at Midnight Eastern and even my International friends and welcome to enter (even if you are in Assam.)
Now just some funny reminders and things I’m going to always be mentioning at the end of my posts.
He offered to let me crash with him since he had to be up early any way and it was already around 2-3am. Yes, we ended up fooling around, but it’s fine. It was a good time.
Read the same book, told the same story, or watched the same video for the 37th time - even if it's Casper Meets Wendy - because it meant a lot to me that they still wanted me there to do it with them, even after 37 times.
And what would have become of Sammy Hagar if Roth had remained in the band? Before joining Van Halen, he had a fairly consistent solo career with a reputation as a pretty entertaining live performer. His albums were mostly successful, often going gold and sometimes platinum, but never approaching VH’s numbers. He had a minor hit here and there, the most enduring being his ode to speed, “I Can’t Drive 55.” But when public taste in hard rock began to change, only the biggest of the big (most notably, Metallica, Bon Jovi, Ozzy Osbourne, Guns ’N Roses, and Hagar-era Van Halen) roared into the 90s as though grunge never happened. Hagar’s pre-VH solo music is definitely a product of its time. He himself didn’t become more musically adventurous until he joined VH, which later helped his latter day solo career after he left, when he refashioned himself as a heavy metal Jimmy Buffet. It stands to reason that Hagar, having not hooked up with VH, would continue to be a fairly popular concert draw, but music-wise, he would have experienced a sizeable drop in record sales and popularity. In fact, while he continues to release solo albums on a regular basis, none of them have come close to equaling the sales of his VH albums, or even his 80s solo records.
Couldn’t be a lily or a daphi daphi dilli
The main issue I have with gaming desktops is maneuverability and weight. Moving the desktop even to another room in your house is a pain, especially if you have a full-size case like I do. The computer easily clocks in at over 60-70 pounds, and it's frustrating if you have to move somewhere and you have to sacrifice space for it. Sure, gaming desktops for the same amount of money you pay for a gaming laptop will have more power, but do you really need it? Unless you're running a ridiculous tri-monitor Eyefinity setup with 2560x1600 resolutions, you don't need that ridiculous amount of power. Even Battlefield 3 was able to run on high-end midrange cards quite well, and the game, as most of you gamers know, is beautiful.
· Larry Gatlin and the Gatlin Brothers
I am really ok. And I am still believing that this will all become nothing and I will find out that I do not have cancer. But until that day comes, I need your faith. I need your prayers and your petitions raised to the Lord on my behalf. I ask for this in confidence of His love for us and in humility before you. I am honored and blessed by your prayers.
As aforementioned, this is part of a lovely link-up that Katie created, in which you post snippets of your writing to share with the world- no explanations for prefaces needed. Just post some of your writing :)
seducing shadows
Just before leaving, I baked my husband a happy birthday and belated anniversary cake 'coz we were going to spend our first anniversary apart!!!!
“I’ve got a treat for you.” She said, opening up a can of soft food. Dexter plunged his head into the can of soft food even while she tried to empty it into his food bowl.
If you allow another to steer your boat then you cannot complain when the course is altered and the ports you wished to call into are not adhered to. Many live their lives with others at helm and cannot understand why their lives do not adhere to the dreaming that they do in the dreamtime. It is not possible to allow another to steer your ship and to adhere to the dream that is within for it is only within YOU. Do you understand our guidance and our meaning? There may be other humans around you who claim to have the same dream as YOU do but in reality YOU are the only one who can dream the dream in your heart. Do you understand?
Genius!
here.
at least once in a while,
as your voice succumbs to moans and screams
Second opinions. This is related to what I’ve said already about decentralization, but important enough to be mentioned separately. Right now, if my paper is rejected by A Prestigious Journal (good but not good enough, etc.), I can send it right off to Another Prestigious Journal. Chances are that the second journal will use a different referee and their opinion will be independent of the first one – and different from it. (And my paper will find a happy home.) This doesn’t mean that either journal acted in bad faith. There can be genuine differences of opinion as to how interesting or significant a given result might be.
The Schmucker Privat Export, weighing in at 5.2%, gives a bland sweetcorn and slightly orangey aroma. Like its sibling, it also has an unpleasantly astringent flavour, albeit more rounded. It's quite gassy, giving a fairly carbonic edge to burps. Overall, it's thin, with a suggestion of lemonade and a detergent-like bit to the finish. No thanks.
They have sore leg muscles this afternoon.
16. Crowd Noise
The BBC World Service has a report of Maurice being led into the fort with his hands above his head. It seems that in spite of the best attempts of the RMC to cover up the reality of what happened on the 19th, the truth is leaking out.
16. Never worked with Pauly Shore. Never will.
1. Do Not Procrastinate.
But mainly, their chief sin seems to have involved the crime of inhospitality, as witnessed the account of the Sodomites demands to have sexual relations with Lots visitors, who were two angels. Once you look at this, and all the other reasons, for the Sodomites destruction, and you look at it plainly in the context of the times in which the story was being circulated, it becomes all too crystal clear.
This is where the real problems begin for liberals, beyond the basic challenges of organizing. Liberals are so flexible and so willing to change that they end up being prone to undermine their own liberal nature. On the opposite end, conservatives are so much less flexible and less willing to change that they are more effective in resisting what liberalism offers. This liberal weakness and conservative strength makes liberalism an easy target of anti-liberal tactics such as emotional manipulation and propaganda, especially in terms of fear and disgust which are the foundations of the conservative predisposition and moralistic ideology. Basically, when liberals are overly stressed to the point of feeling overwhelmed, they turn into conservatives.
So I had to think about what I would consider hellish. Here's a list, in popping-into-my-brain order:
Helen tries to visit Anne Marie again, but she's not home. A young boy named Jake knows what happened to her, but is afraid that Candyman will kill him if he talks to her. Helen talks him into showing her where Anne Marie is, and on the way he points out a mountain of garbage that will allegedly be a bonfire.
Why don’t we ask instead: “If we go into a low-income part of the world, and I have the best critique of capitalism ever uttered, and I provide tangible solidarity with people’s organized efforts to take back their land, and you are offering green jobs at decent pay, who will get more friends?” The answer will be: Those who are providing tangible solidarity. This is not theoretical. Adivasis – Indigenous Peoples in India – are joining the Maoist Naxalite insurgency in droves, not because the Adivasis are Maoist, but because the Maoists are resisting.
We get second chances because God is merciful towards us, loves us in a steadfast way which exceeds all of our ability to understand, and therefore forgives us even when we would never forgive ourselves (or anyone else).
The Torah in Judaism is often thought to be strictly the Law, or a set of legal codes given to the Hebrew people by God to Moses shortly after the Exodus fromEgypt. Such an understanding is severely handicapped, as the Torah in Judaism is much more than a set of laws.
The 30 thousand word block hit me, and it hit me hard. I had read from other authors that getting up to the 30k mark will be easy. But once you get past it, you’ll run aground. When I started getting close to it I thought they were crazy. I was blazing through the word count. Pulling in close to 3k words per chapter and sailing for the horizon.
This is a staple in our house. I'll be honest and say that I am not a pizza person so I don't crave this recipe, but my husband would eat it once a week if I would make it! He loves it and I don't mind because it is super easy to make!
I often reach a point where I think "ENOUGH! I can't take any more!"
xx) the very credibility of the IP system is undermined if a vision that promotes the absolute benefits of IP protection without acknowledging public policy concerns is taken, thus the development dimension shall be brought into the IP system and WIPO's activities.
As we understand it, the bulldozers might move in, but they'd target derelict structures.
My method:
He repeated over and over again how all there was is consciousness - consciousness is all there is.
Last night I was attending my weekly Irish Dance class. Now, normally when I inform people that I am in Irish Dance they instantly state “Ohhh, like river dancing??” or “Ohhh, like clogging!” So let’s clarify. NO it is not clogging, it is not river dance, it’s Irish Dance! Period. The End. Well, not the end, because I still have a story to tell, but that’s not the point. Another assumed falsehood when I say I am in Irish dance is that I must be some insanely amazing world class Irish dancer. Again the answer is NO, as much as I wish it to be true, I am really quite average. In fact, right now I am feeling slightly less than average for a few weeks ago my middle level Irish dance class, was merged with a higher level dance class, and for the past few weeks, all I’ve seem is a jumble of legs flailing into moves, frankly I could never hope to achieve. But enough of my own sob story.
Can we choose to be a certain way, or are our natures determined? (Can I choose to be something I am not?)
Server The person at the pub that brings out the lunch
Debt: We care about what real resources we can consume but all our contracts are written in nominal terms. If I owe someone £10,000 then at some point I have to hand over some bits of paper, or packages of electrons, to someone for that amount. But, if NGDP grows below trend the total nominal size of the economy will be smaller than expected when I took out the debt, but the size of my debt will not. The real cost of my debt will have increased and this will work to depress the economy because this dynamic will affect a number of people.
Your jars must be submerged in the boiling water for processing. Cover with a lid and boil for 25 minutes. Then, remove from the heat and remove the lid. Let the jars stand in the hot water for 5 mins, then remove and let cool. Done!
30 And when Jehu was come to Jezreel, Jezebel heard of it; and she painted her face, and tired her head, and looked out at a window.
To make this batch of sugar scrub you will need:
Where a freedom from any memory of doubt
I had what many in the music industry call a Spinal Tap moment this past weekend.
Will leave you with a photo of my latest collection - 'Pretty Pastels' - which I launched last weekend before becoming ill. I am pleased to say 3 of the 5 have now found new homes, but Lemon Drop and Minty are still waiting and hoping.....
NB: Quite a few people have said they are interested in a seminar on how to integrate their marketing.
Sip on soup
I was grabbing things as fast as I could in the grocery store, came across these "no cook, oven ready" noodles. I'm thinking, SWEET, because I would like to sleep at some point tonight. Bought them.
The old man grinned at us and then smiled at my mother. “Simple, next time you see someone who needs help, don’t hesitate. Do for them like I’ve done for you – help however you can and ask nothing in return.” With that he climbed into his pick up and drove away.
I have to confess that sometimes I become a bit obsessed with how many page views I’ve had and whether anyone has commented on or liked each new post. And I clearly don’t blog in secret – I don’t think that is even possible.
This collection of horror poems was unlike anything I would have expected. I was expecting gore and basically everything I hate about horror films. However, Justin sure surprised me. There is gore yes, but it's poetry. Everything he covers is presented in a really great way. The poems flow so easily and catch your attention. I soon forgot I was reading horror poems and just enjoyed them for what they were. I'm really glad I took a chance on this collection of poetry. And I'm giving it a four only because it's not what I usually read and it took me a while to get through it.
nice to see it addressed.
We learn to walk, we learn to talk, we learn maths, we learn english, we learn to read – progression.
This rejection of necessary connection by Hume stems from a real difficulty in finding out what it might consist of. The connection is either an event, a relationship or an object. If it is an object it is either physical or, perhaps, non-physical. Whichever is the case it is difficult to see what could be so versatile as to fit in 'between' each and every instance of cause and effect. Fundamentally, it is the purpose of this paper to suggest wherein this 'connection' might reside.
We are waiting for your Kind Reply.
5 realize
Not just in her head and heart
The Majors Leadership Academy (MLA) operates in partnership with the education system by giving young women the emotional, spiritual and social skills to excel educationally. For more information, please visit www.themajorsleadershipacademy.com.
I know that supervised visitations (with someone besides me) are the best way for me to get Jermaine to do what he needs to do as a father and leave me alone. I also know that this means really letting go of the Formica-quality family that we had together.
Broad and unbridled, mile on mile,
For the Cheesecake filling: (recommended- make these the night before, if using)
“The harshest sentence issued in the last court session against confessed armed robbers… was no more than five years suspended,” wrote a Bamako journalist last July. “One notes bitterly that at least two out of five criminals are repeat offenders whose sentences were never completed. In light of all these failures of the system, should we be surprised to see populations taking their security into their own hands?”
Several awards were presented throughout the evening, including the June Callwood Outstanding Achievement Award for Volunteerism, which was granted to Marlene Kocvar. Marlene trains and supports a group of volunteers at Friends of Hospice Ottawa who help the bereaved find their way to healing, acceptance and hope for the future. Thanks to Marlene, countless individuals have received caring, empathy and support as they cope with loss. She is truly deserving of this award.
There’s not a word of blame placed on the assailant in the story about this assault. Elsewhere in the paper there is a story about people vandalising street signs, but no one has suggested that it’s the city council’s fault for having street signs in the first place. Instead, the city council is asking the public to intervene, and promising that they will crack down on offenders.
Paul, obviously anxious to say more but for some reason cannot, exhorts them in various things concerning basic Christian life. By telling them ‘to recognize those who labor…and to esteem them’, Paul cuts against the cultural norm that ignored those who served and esteemed being served.
Sources and sites for additional reading about commonplace books:
He hobbles out of the café and Mi Roo demands to know why he did it. He tells her to stop yelling at him because even he wants to die from embarrassment. Why was she so persistent about meeting Sofia? She repeats that it’s because she wants to give up writing the column. Since Sofia doesn’t exist, he should take over the column or return the money he received for it. He insists that he did return it, directly to the editor 6 months ago after reading the first column. Still in disbelief, Mi Roo chases after him wanting to hear more.
Happy birthday, Mom.
I’ll stop with all the Empowered cards now, I’m sure you get the drill now.. Let’s move on to some Harmonize Alliance allies!
My first thought when I saw them was that they'd be perfect for someone who dresses Fairy-kei, or Sweet Lolita... haha.. :3
The tree is firmly rooted, planned, has a great environment, and has a never-ending source. This tree is set up for success. In its season it will produce fruit. It has to, look at everything surrounding the tree. It is impossible not to bear fruit at this point. But what I want to focus on is the leaf. Immediately when reading the word “wither”, I thought of the reference in Isaiah 40:8, “The grass withers, the flower fades, But the word of our God stands forever.” So for this leaf not to wither it either disproves the Bible, or the leaf has the word of God in it. When reading this I think that the man is so deeply rooted into the word of God, that from the root to the leaf, the strongest part to the weakest part, the word of God is etched into it. Everything about that tree shines the law of the LORD, and brings glory to the Divine Author, GOD. This is the prayer of my life, and I feel it should be the prayer for every Christian.
“Why, you shall say at break of day:
Judging art is subjective, and it is not an area where I claim expertise. But in these books, there is an additional concern beyond a standard critique of artistic consistency, proportion, movement, and serial storytelling. There is the issue of likeness -- this is the doctor as portrayed by David Tenant. There are some wonderful moments, wherein aspects of Tenant's characterizaion of the Doctor are captured, but there are many times when it looked less like the actor. I found myself distracted more often than I would have preferred.
While there is a fantastic cast of supporting characters, including Abby's best friends and Travis' brothers, none of them are fully developed. The reader sees enough of them to be curious about them but the desire to know more is never fully fulfilled, particulars in the area of Travis' brothers. At times the actions are of the supporting characters are questionable, especially those of Shepley's.
Governments need to be far more strategic about how they spend money, particularly as they work to eliminate swollen budget deficits incurred during the recession.
Wow! Time Flies
3 cups shredded lettuce
This card's shape was really inspired by one of Dawn Burnworth's (from Flourishes DT) cards called "Flourishes Calla Lilies". She used this exact die in an upright position. I kept going back to that card, thinking, "Why didn't I think of that?" :) It really was one of those cards for me, still keep clicking back to it to admire the artistry of it, I just love it so much! - Great job, Dawn :)
Not a damn thing except a whole sky of dark. No stars, no nothing.
So, here is my first food thing.
Particularly over the past 18 years the blacks have been fighting their favourite kind of fight, the inhumane, cannibalistic, typically cowardly style of terrorism intended to instil the fear of hell into their opponents.
This observation of ignorance within the NHS is one that others have also made. The charity Invest in ME is currently trying to set up a research facility in East Anglia and has found it very difficult, despite the fact that some resources are in place e.g. the PCT have agreed to fund examinations. Many consultants admit they don't believe in the diagnosis of ME, even though they are happy to hand the diagnosis out. This is tantamount to misdiagnosis and shows an urgent need for education of healthcare staff about the condition. The government may recognise ME as a neurological condition but most doctors certainly do not. If they did, ME patients would be routinely referred to a neurologist which does not often happen, and when it does the neurologist refers them to an occupational therapist to be treated for "fatigue".
Post-plague, any man, regardless of looks or talent, can be a movie star; all it takes is immunity and a willingness to show up at the appointed hour.
YOU WERE A CHILD ONCE, TOO. That’s what Mister Rogers said, that’s what he wrote down, once upon a time, for the doctors. The doctors were ophthalmologists. An ophthalmologist is a doctor who takes care of the eyes. Sometimes, ophthalmologists have to take care of the eyes of children, and some children get very scared, because children know that their world disappears when their eyes close, and they can be afraid that the ophthalmologists will make their eyes close forever. The ophthalmologists did not want to scare children, so they asked Mister Rogers for help, and Mister Rogers agreed to write a chapter for a book the ophthalmologists were putting together–a chapter about what other ophthalmologists could do to calm the children who came to their offices. Because Mister Rogers is such a busy man, however, he could not write the chapter himself, and he asked a woman who worked for him to write it instead. She worked very hard at writing the chapter, until one day she showed what she had written to Mister Rogers, who read it and crossed it all out and wrote a sentence addressed directly to the doctors who would be reading it: “You were a child once, too.”
"I'm gonna be heading off now Betty, you know that I don't like long goodbyes".
It's no secret that I have a black thumb. I don't have the best track record for keeping house plants alive.
The murmuring solitude,
“The treatment removes heavy metals from the body and is based on the fringe theory that mercury in vaccines triggers autism — a theory never proved and rejected by mainstream science.”
Julia at A Piece Of My Mind gets it for her wonderful poetry. These lines from a recent poem she wrote made me catch my breath -
Unbelievable striped floor…. love (I believe they were handing out a card with DIY instructions anyone attended and want to share the details?)
(A ‘pome’ wot I wrote)
The Boers trekked around & by-passed the largest & densest Bantu population groups. The two largest Bantu groups the Xhosas & the Zulus were living in the eastern Cape & Natal. Members of these groups only arrived in the Transvaal after the discovery of gold.
Ralph Fiennes directs this adaptation of Claire Tomalin’s Nelly Ternan biography, a woman who had a decade-long affair with author Charles Dickens. Ralph Fiennes is also starring as Dickens, with Felicity Jones portraying Ternan. It isn’t known what roles Kristin Scott Thomas and Tom Hollander will be playing at this time.
She's doing strange hand movements to try and keep us interested. She's succeeding. I'm still not interested in the song but I am at least strangely taken by her hand gestures.
It’s the Alex P. Keaton effect: the character, from the 80s sitcom Family Ties, was the eldest son of hippie parents. He wore a three-piece suit at all times, and loved Ronald Reagan as much as he loved the smell of money. I have a friend whose story is similar: she spent several years of her childhood on an ashram in India, returning to the San Francisco Bay Area where her home was often the meeting place for her mother’s meditation group. She told me recently about how, growing up, all she wanted was to shop at Talbots.
Best scene: In the apartment
On any given day you will be able to find the following:
Sex, knowledge, skill, death - each of these being traded back and forth by the survivors of our civilization reborn in darker shades. I'm kind of a sucker for any kind of sacred prostitutes in a narrative. All religions have to deal with sex somehow - to pretend that huge driving force can be overcome with prayer always strikes me as knowingly dishonest. Of course, children raised from birth to be the playthings of the powerful is as evil as it gets, and I admire Hand for making them more than victims and revenge fodder.
Salt - a pinch.
If you’re dressing for work, grab something from your weekend wear pile, like your favorite casual striped cardigan. Or, rummage through your evening wear. A sequined jacket will certainly spark up your business wear.
One of the tallest buildings in Solitude is now before me. And I know which one it is. The Bard’s College design is intricate, regal, and grand. I feel humbled to gaze upon such splendor.
If you cross the Venezuelan Border illegally you will be branded a spy and your fate will be sealed.
Line a bun tray with paper liners and fill each 2/3 full. Bake for 12-15min.
Attention Deficit Hyper Disorder (ADHD) is a common diagnosis for men, women, and children in the U.S. It seems like we all know five or more people who have this condition. In 2006, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced that more than 1.5 million adults are medicated for ADHD. There have been mumblings that such drugs can increase blood pressure and heart rate. A study by Kaiser Permanente Northern California did not confirm that these medications cause any possible risks.
or allies from prison
If you are thinking that if everyone thinks like me then the world is going to be fucking doomed... Well don't worry. Firstly, I highly doubt most people are as rational as me. Or cruel, if you wish to call it that.
Gloria
2) Head to Manarch and talk to THIS BARD now (picture 2) located behind the Inn. He lost some sheets of music of his during the invasion of Ranva and wants them back. You either volunteer for them or he volunteers you automatically... To Ranva!
OLDSMOBILE - Old Ladies Driving Slowly Making Others Behind Increasingly Late Everyday
During the World Cup 2010, much publicity was given to a Burmese rock python, owned by a sangoma (witch doctor), in Nyanga. It was alleged that this python was able to communicate to the sangoma which team would win each match. Gamblers paid the sangoma for predictions. The SPCA found the snake to be underweight, suffering from dehydration, mouth rot and pneumonia and confiscated the python to give it medical care. The sangoma, 25 year old Siyabonga Mthethwa, said that the SPCA did not understand sangomas: "Everything I said does not make sense to them."
Prayer requests: Please keep in your prayers:
Survive and thrive
I don't remember now what else was on the programme that night, but I do remember looking down from my gilt-framed seat in the box, and wondering at the scale of it all - the number of musicians, the range of instruments, the row upon row of people listening intently as the music played and erupting into loud and enthusiastic applause when it ended. I couldn't pick out each of the instruments that leant its individual voice to the marvellous whole, but I remember sitting there as the music built and built, moving from bold, through calm, to triumphant. And I can picture, even now, the huge kettle drums that pounded out the rhythm and emotion, that matched and lifted the beating of my heart.
let’s live
Then listen to a man who has to cover his speech impediment
At some point (in about the first 3 minutes) she wouldn't even look at the woman. She turned to me, pulled my skirt around her and hid. Every once in a while she would make eye contact with me. The woman would try to engage her and Khubz would look up at me and say (in her best 2 year old voice) "mmmmommmmy!"
My card today is an interesting one... I like all the elements on it, but not quite sure I pulled it off too well putting them all together - lol! One thing for sure though, is how much I enjoyed playing with the new Nature's Beauty stamp set available through The Craft's Meow! I really like how there are both bold silhouette images and fine detailed images for coloring all together in the same stamp set... love options!
It's been one of those weekends- a slipper wearing, pony-tail sporting, get things accomplished type of weekend. With the weather taking a cold turn and the skies a messy soup of gray, gray-er, and black, I've had motivation to stay put, enjoy my surrounding, spend time with my little family, and tackle a few homemaker-ish types of responsibilities.
I still have a small backlog of FIBIS work to catch up on and look at some research sent to me by another newly found cousin via Facebook, Joyce, regarding our shared PEI roots!
This morning I was pleasantly surprised when it was my turn to "go" by a brilliant orange shade sprinkling the edge of the seat as well as the side of the throne and the back of the wall. (Joy.) Because kidney disease runs in my family, we had a discussion tonight about the importance of drinking lots of water and maybe even some cranberry juice during the day. "But why, Mom?" So I then explained that when you get a bladder infection it might make your pee dark or burn then, if not taken care of, your kidneys will start hurting. The light bulb went on! Suddenly Ian's kidneys are killing him and he's DYING! (note: this sudden increase in pain and discomfort started when he was reminded that it was time to clean his room.) I'm also getting frequent updates on each of my children's comings and goings from the restroom as well as a detailed description as to the shade of their waste. *sigh* Maybe I just should've suggested that we all need to drink more water and left it at that.
First, in a deep, wide saucepan or frying pan I fried a sliced onion in a little olive oil until it softened. I then added three sticks of celery, cut into 1-inch pieces. Then I added lots of mushrooms – a supermarket tub each of button, chestnut and oyster varieties, the larger ones being halved or even quartered. Don’t try and get them all the same size however; it’s nice to have them varied. Cook the mushrooms on a medium heat for 15 minutes while they release heir juices and then soak them back up again.
The Nuijten decision could not come soon enough. The PTO has issued interim guidelines dealing with patentable subject matter almost two years ago and, despite the numerous comments and criticisms that were submitted by the public, the PTO has not provided any updates. It has been reported to the 271 Blog that a portion of these guidelines have been repudiated internally at the PTO (e.g., "a computer processing method . . ." is now considered acceptable form), but this information was not openly published.
The old year is ending in the frost---
HAPPY Novemeber everyone!
luv
“Yes, until it’s time to add more from our generation of writers.”
Cleaning up the electoral roll is a key demand by the opposition and activist groups although BN say PR’s five-state victory in Election 2008 is proof there is no irregularity.
Most of my patients are in our unit for uncontrolled diabetes, congestive heart failure, pulmonary edema, pneumonia, sepsis, strokes, uncontrolled hypertension, obesity, cancer, car accidents, respiratory failure of all kinds, ect...ect..
An electronic system ensures CPO’s can track spend on a weekly basis. Not only that but it allows for preferred panels of agencies to be created so that hiring managers can be safe in the knowledge that they have a list agencies that can provide the right staff at short notice.
The comment, photographed right, is simply outrageous, the UK brewing industry closed? Yeah, ok lads...
Gertrude outlived her by ten years. Her request to be buried next to Alice was not honored by her family.
Stop Two: Corn Palace
You know why? That is a way to feel rich, even if you don’t have any money. Dreams make us rich!
Sky High Party Zone, Temecula
Thanks Ashley for a great giveaway and good luck to everyone who entered.
It doesn't really matter (really!) because you are still eating both, but for the sake of appearances :)
Then the parrot turned to the little brown beetle who was waiting quietly at his side. "What colour do you want your new coat to be?" he asked.
Penwizard are a great site for all personalised books and when I saw that there was one for starting Pre school featuring non other than Miss Peppa Pig I knew Molly would love it.
-Shakespeare Oatmeal Stout
Basic Grey's Kissing Booth
Papers exploring the topic of virtuality and film, including film's relationship to computer-based media, virtual worlds, digital vs. analog formats, possible worlds and virtual realities. 350-word abstracts by 1 March 2011; Homay King (hking@brynmawr.edu).
Happy Sunday everyone, time for a new challenge and we are inviting you to play Bingo.
Is waiting for you
We park the Globetrotter in a large outdoor car park with only a few cars in it. We are very much out of season, being here in April, which also has the disadvantage of only Italian tours being offered until June.
* Provides biological samples and compounds for Biochem. You can also get the buyable crafting materials such as hypo-syringes more cheaply from missions.
Happy Mother's Day to Mummy
Release – that being,
Bang Joonsuk is one of the biggest reasons why I developed an interest in Korean indie music and not just because had a hand in crafting two major Korean indie filled soundtracks, but because of his own original songs he wrote for them (under the moniker Blue in Green). While he might be quite busy with his soundtrack work, he’s not so busy that he doesn’t perform with his many musician friends, either on guitar or handling vocal duties and while he might have never released a solo album and doesn’t quite have the name recognition of his U&Me Blue partner, Yi Sung Yol, he’s still a strong rock singer himself and a shot on “I Am a Singer” might be what he needs to perhaps produce a solo album. Incidentally, he has already been on the “I Am a Singer” stage before, assisting Park Junghyun on guitar.
Don't you just love this Wendy Vecchi stamp? It has such a lovely look - like vintage lace. I stamped onto white CS with Ranger Archival Jet Black ink. The stamp wasn't large enough to cover the entire tag so I filled in the blank space at the bottom with script stamp from Wendy's Live and Make Art set. To cover the joining and give some extra white, I layered some white paper twist ribbon over it. The sentiment was stamped on the Movers and Shapers Mini Label and then it was given just one coat of UTEE and sponged with Victorian Velvet. I had a scrap of the millinery netting floating around my desk from another project I worked on this week and thought it added just the right touch to my little vintage creation. That stuff was super expensive, but I picked u a few yards to sell in my Etsy as I had several requests for it and it does make a fun addition to a make.
As the round of golf got washed out today, I got some much-needed rest. Yesterday was spent with Marshall as Mommy had to get her haircut and then a five-hour lunch with a friend! Yesterdays food diary is posted below.
Ken Follett to teach at CraftFest.
Books I got this week on my Kindle:
my dollar store makeover... you'll be surprised at
The king informs young Crown Prince LEE GAK (played by Choi Won Hong) that the ministers are urging the palace to find a suitable match for him. Then the king asks what kind of girl he wants to have as his princess. Want to know his answer? A beautiful princess so that he would want to see her every day. Remember what they say, boys will be boys – modern day or Joseon era they’re just about the same.
Egoyan is hailed as “a performer whose powers of listening cast a hypnotic spell over her audiences, opening their ears and hearts.” (National Post) If you’ve heard her live or on recording, you’ve been held spellbound by that power.
She was still staring into my eyes.
There’s nervous laughter at this.
“Such a public presentation does not contribute to advancing the (peace) process,” it said.
I die cut a lot of the Marianne (LR0 169) flower using white card stock. They were placed on the Craft Sheet and misted with water to soften the fibers. Let them sit for a couple of minutes then dab off the excess water. Use the "Round Nose Pliers" to shape each of the petals. I like these round nose pliers, you can can from Joan's Gardens, because both points are perfectly round and do not put creases in the card stock.
Synopsis: Kaito Kuroba, a normal teenage student comes upon the secret about his father’s death. He realizes his father was the famous Phantom Thief 1412, and was killed by an organization for refusing to steal the Pandora Gem for them. The Pandora Gem is said to shed a tear under the full moonlight, and whomever shall drink it, shall gain immortality. Kaito Kuroba then decides to search for that Jewel to prevent the organization from retrieving it. To do so, he takes on his father’s role as Phantom Thief 1412, and becomes Phantom Thief Kid, also known as Kaito Kid and begins his search on the Pandora Gem. The Pandora Gem is said to ooze liquid “tears” during the passing of a particular comet, and when consumed, would grant immortality. Apparently, the gem glows red under the full moon and that it is a doublet: a gem hidden within a larger gem. Thus, it would have to be a relatively large one with a bizarre history, and always stored in a place that never receives moonlight. This is why he researches and steals famous priceless gems with odd histories from incredibly well-defended areas, and always returns them after the very next full moon.
One of the other Easter weekend activities was four-wheeling. My brother-in-law Chad brought his four-wheeler to our family celebration and although I knew my in-laws had at least 10 acres, I had never ventured out on them. At first, when Chad took it down off the truck, I was pretty sure I wasn't going to get on it because I wasn't really dressed for it. But then I remembered that my dad and I used to go three wheeling and ride on his motorcycle and I really liked it, so I climbed on. At first I rode behind my sister-in-law Jessica, but then I took the handlebars and rode with Charlie. It was really fun, albeit a little muddy.
“They went as far as making a rap song titled Hwang Miyuck,” continued Tiffany, “They would sing it every time they saw me!”
As consumers we also have to take a share of the blame because we allowed all of these things to happen, if we want quality milk and dairy products (that are produced in these islands from UK milk) then we will have to change the way we buy, if we do that then out farmers will get a better deal. I think that there is little point in hoping that the Con Dem Government will get its act together, wake up and pull the fat (or the milk) out of the fire...because they won't.
According to Bill Flavin, vice president of Lake Book Manufacturing of Melrose Park, Ill., the company that printed the copies of “Cornbread Mafia,” a replacement print run was already under way.
Last weekend I was standing at the cooker, sweating away, and frantically stirring some white sauce, when a large mouse darted over my foot and scarpered into the far corner of the kitchen.
Pink food coloring
I love this time of year so very much! A blog reader once left me a comment about our mutual adoration of autumn and said that she always wanted to spend a year slowly circling the globe so that fall would last longer than a season. I think about this idea often...
What is sad, is that everything that I have written here does not matter one lick. The way he sees it is that none of what I said nor my arguments are based on scripture. Therefore they are irrelevant. I am irrelevant. No wonder I’m depressed.
Many seniors sign up for social media workshops like “Twitter for Seniors” so they can exchange information with their families, Loomis said.
Even though it's already Jan 5, I'm ok with being a bit slow to get started on my resolutions :) I'll edit this post as needed to reflect the new additions, but I really want to keep them simple. I'm throwing in a couple bound-to-fail-but-great-ideas to keep me pointed where I hope to go, but I'm also going to put in things I *know* I can do.
9. What five people do you want to tag?
Are you participating in this challenge?
I know some writers don't write sequentially, so maybe that helps.
But it was too late.
Gosh - it's all just too exciting once again!
In conclusion, absolutely this works. If you haven't realized this yet, the phaseout actually requires a little bit of work. So if you are a hard worker, you're golden. If you want to avoid awkwardness, this is your safest bet. If you'd rather treat it like a band-aid and just "grip it and rip it" then go talk to her. She'll probably understand. But for those of you doing the phaseout, I thank you. You've given me another means of entertainment. Happy summer everyone!
Sadly, at the evening taiko/drama/dance performance in the center of town, the only beer available was also traditional: Asahi Super Dry.
*In theory, bronze is an alloy of copper and tin, brass is an alloy of copper and zinc. In practice, both terms are somewhat imprecise and can refer to a range of copper alloys with various amounts of other metals. Copper-alloy is a useful catch-all term.
It took me years to get over him. Pathetic. It probably didn’t help that I saw him a few times during that stretch. Luckily, he was never around for long. That one year trip turned into an almost decade-long adventure. No wonder he had such a hard time breaking up with me. California had become his mistress; it’s gotta be real hard to tell your wife you’re choosing your mistress over her.
The Instance name of the text field that will contain the welcome message.
*all photographs are property of Glamarella Junk and are not to be copied
Summerland is about five miles outside of the actual city of Santa Barbara. While a lot of tourists head up there for the beaches, I made a beeline for the winery (http://www.summerlandwine.com/). The tasting room is open from 11am to 6pm, and I highly recommend visiting during the earlier portion of the day. I went with my friend Pen, and she and I were there early enough to get a lot of attention from the person running the tasting. Normally, talking to strangers is something I try to avoid, but he was entertaining and knowledgeable, so I took a deep breath and played along. It helped that Pen knows much more about wine than I do, and she took the lead, but if you are traveling alone, this is something you can definitely do by yourself. The tasting was about $15, and included a lot of tastes (including a couple of extras for comparison). Obviously, their goal is for you to buy, and if you are on a budget, you might be inclined to shy away from this idea. Good news for you! Summerland has some excellent choices that will not break you (and if you are feeling flush, they have some good options for that frame of mind, as well). I went middle of the road and chose a 2007 Trio (Syrah, Grenache and Mourvedre) to commemorate the trip. If I trip across tall, dark and handsome, I’ll offer it up. And since that is unlikely, it will probably be my contribution to “California Wines” night at wine club.
The Blame Game – How Abusers with Borderline Personality Disorder set people up in “no win” situations. If you want to learn more about BPD, check out the entire section at Suite101. It might be that the abuser you are dealing with has this very debilitating disorder.
Even now we have an abundance of naysayers ready to heckle and ridicule those who have been warning of His wrath to come. They feel themselves in their prime and revel in their ability to speak in such blasphemous terms. Many are those who feel themselves untouchable, be it by their position in life or supposed economic surety. Explanations are put forth to try and account for all that is happening .. as if all matters are grasped and understood. Pride and arrogance will be a decisive and heavy chain around their neck.
9. The Difference Between Happiness and Joy - I can remember watching my kids grow up, and naively praying for their happiness. Sure, I still pray for their happiness, but I know happiness is the wrong goal. Happiness and joy are not one in the same – happiness comes and goes – it’s fleeting at best, it’s most often deceptive, and at worst the pursuit of happiness above all else can lead to ruin. Joy however is something that can be found in any circumstance or setting. It’s the joyful people who stand out to me. They are the lemonade makers – the ones who see the best in people, not the worst. Regardless of the hand they’re dealt, they don’t complain or become bitter. They remain joyful and continue pushing forward in pursuit of their dream.
Day 4 – Treetop Walk and the Giant Tinglewood Tree (Walpole-Nornalup National Park)
It was fun to do–Erica and I have always worked well together. We did our own photography business logo in about three hours together and loved it, so she knows how I work. Even better, she’s reading the book and now has a great idea of why I want the things I do (I’d also like to note that she’s a terrible reader and actually texted me this morning to say she would’ve stayed up all night reading if she could. I take that as a good sign!). Being visually creative is a different kind of fun for me and the fact that I now have a rough draft makes it so much more real. I’m stoked. Plus, now I can say my cover was created by my best friend (and was free. Minus the lovin’ I give her)!
It was time for some Spring/Summer fabrics.
Mighty Lemon Drops The other side of you UK
“Residents responded immediately after receiving the CodeRED messages. It was a huge response. I personally couldn’t believe the mass movement of cars that were quickly relocated from flood prone areas. In just a couple of hours, all area parking lots located on higher ground were full. We had to contact parking lots in the adjoining county for additional space. Along with numerous positive phone calls and e-mails from residents, I received a phone call from State Farm insurance thanking us for saving hundreds of cars.”
Lakshmi
Bought this fig like for or five years ago, can't remember exactly
To make the challenge even more fun, we will be giving out a prize, a $15 gift certificate to be used toward stamps at the Our Daily Bread Designs store!! Entries for the prize must be submitted by Friday, November 25 at 8 a.m. EST. One random winner will be chosen and announced next Saturday. If you are not using ODBD stamps, please do not enter more than once. Additional entries without using ODBD stamps will not be commented on or will they qualify for prizes.
We enjoyed a trio of puddings – a chocolate mousse in a tuile basket, a citrus pannacotta in a shot glass, and my personal favourite, a mini tiramisu, served in an espresso cup, which was beautifully light and fluffy (not heavy or cheesy as some tiramisus can be) and had the added bonus of an almondy flavour to the liqueur that was used.
Unfortunately by the 10th, which was the hole that ignited the trouble last year. Rory over-compensated his drive towards the left-hand trees, though rescued for par.
This was a surprising book in that I thought it would go one way, quite frankly negative, but Herd takes it the other way, honest but hopeful. At times, though, it was hard to track his thoughts and I would get lost in where he was going.
We enjoyed studying the recipes, played with the vocabulary and learned lots of idiomatic expressions. Once the linguistic side of things was mastered we went to the kitchen and starting cooking under Christine's supervision. Last but not least we sat round the table to enjoy a beautiful meal were cream, butter and cheese ruled! We ended the evening singing quite appropriately the classic "J'irai revoir ma Normandie". Memorable! Our next workshop will be a first as it will take place on a Saturday and start at 4.30pm. A few places are still available. Contact us soon as possible to share in the fun. We'll help you prepare for your next holiday in the South of France the topic will be "A taste of Provence".
But of course I couldn't just put the bunnies on the cake, I needed to make the bunnies hiding eggs in the grass and that is exactly what I did.
Japanese peonies have a similar appearance, but the stamens are both more narrow and more level and produce no pollen. Other varieties are either semi-double or double. Semi-double peonies have multiple rings of petals circling around visible stamens. Double peonies produce concentric rings of showy petals that hide the stamens.
Our generation had moved from the time of using clothes to try to change the shape of our bodies. Girdles? I thought of them as strange contraptions that Victorian people wore to make their guts more shapely. So imagine my surprise when I heard about blow-up bras from a friend's blog.
Granddaddy was always playing flirtatious games with Wilma in the stores when we were shopping. He would go up to some store clerk, and say, “Do you see that gorgeous woman over there? Go tell her that she has an admirer over here.” The clerk would walk up to Wilma while we were picking out clothes and say, “See that distinguished gentleman over there with the hat and cane?” She would look over with a sly smile and say “Yes, why?” The clerk would say, “He says to tell you he thinks you are gorgeous.” Wilma would look at him, and he would tip his hat. Then Wilma would shake her head and laugh and tell the clerk that was her husband. I admire the way that they teased each other all the time.
This is truest during a one-night stand where there is no relationship that exists; thus we are at the mercy of each other. It is easy to treat the other person as an object but a gentleman or a lady knows we may fuck like beasts but we are not brutes. Manners are still necessary and some level of respect should exist between the two parties. (I respect you; thank you for blowing me last night.)
If you go to the coupons tab on the Facebook page for Athenos products, you can print a buy one get one (BOGO) free coupon for their Feta cheese. I use the reduced fat, but there are many fun flavor variations in addition to the original. I also used a $1.00 off Smart Chicken I recently alerted you to in a post, which you can find and print at Smart Chicken's Facebook page. The Kalamata olives were my splurge in this recipe, but I find them well worth even the regular price for what ends up being a fairly small cost per recipe. If you would rather, good ol' regular black olives would work well too, and they would be considerably cheaper in regards to your initial investment (though could be more expensive per recipe), especially if you don't have one of those fun olive bars in your grocery store either and jars are your only option.
Yes. And then, underlined, was a remark that it would also expose the authority to 'potentially massive liability'. This was, by Barnet standards, a remarkably blunt refusal to comply with a frankly idiotic proposal by a cabinet member. So what now? He is still insisting on a review of all traffic light controlled crossings in the borough, with a view to removing any that might be considered 'unnecessary'. This simply defies belief, or it would, anywhere else but in Broken Barnet.
Says take what you can from your dreams
It is so easy to get caught up in social networks, there seems to be new ones all the time. You just feel this stress... the need to keep things fresh and keep it coming. It is sometimes this delicate balancing act and it is hard to perform. I have a few things on the go right now. A collection of mixed media acrylics, some e-courses, yes e-courses (mixed-media, water-colour and photoshop). So much to do so little time and only so much sleep you can skip hahaha......and laundry.
Carla: $35 and a little pixy dust
There is a reason why I don't write outfit rundowns in my blog posts. I don't want my outfit posts to be shopping lists. I want them to function merely as inspiration. I want them to give people new ideas, not a tip about where to buy that new blouse or dress.
The fact that not every manuscript will sell punctures another common myth: that it's harder to find an agent than it is to get a publishing deal. Publishers have a one-to-one relationship with the manuscripts they acquire: every single manuscript they take on gets published. Agents know that not every manuscript they represent will find a home--but they need enough sales to keep their businesses going. In other words, they need spares. So while a publisher will only take on manuscripts it will publish, an agent will take on any manuscript he or she thinks may sell--within the limits of his or her workload, of course.
The past couple of mornings I’ve read and reread a poem by Native American poet Joy Harjo called “Eagle Poem,” which was the Writers Almanac entry for May 9. I was swept up in it, soothed, transported. Then I remembered a morning like hers when I hiked the Pacific Crest Trail in Oregon the autumn of 1976, the semester I lived up the mountain from Ashland with twenty-two students and six professors studying philosophy, literature, science and nature. One morning of the five mornings on the trail, I met a moose, an animal whose size can only be imagined, until you stand within a few feet of him.
Peters, Elizabeth. Crocodile on the Sandbank. 1975. New York: Warner Books, 1988.
Today, you will find his whole right arm at The Holy Trinity of St. Sergius Lavra, established by St. Sergius of Radonezh in 1345, at Sergiyev Posad, Russia.
He says I haven’t got a knife.
After the Q&A, the audience shrank somewhat and we watched on. We'd break every three or hours and by the end, only a quarter of the audience was left and I was sad that it was over and happy that even existed. My butt was sore, I had consumed the meat of three kinds of animal, and had spent much hard-earned money on food and drink, but I was elated as Tina, John, and I walked out into the still-dark morning. Sure, aside from the actors, I could have hosted a marathon at my house, but there was something special about watching it in a theater with an audience of fellow freaks and geeks.
I filled in The silence with forced levity
And then the flashbacks come to be gone.
“ALLEN DULLES, RICHARD HELMS, Carmel Office and FRANK WISNER were the grand masters. If you were in a room with them you were in a room full of people that you had to believe would deservedly end up in HELL. I guess I will see them there soon.” –James Angleton, CIA Chief of Counter Intelligence [32]
Rimmel Clean Finish Foundation #120 Ivory
Month 5, though, has been loads better. I'm steadily writing a new story, with the help of some great edits by Margaret, and I've also been sprucing up my "finished" short story called Benz, with the help of my undergrad friend (and another fellow writer), Steven. Hopefully I'll have another set up submission in October.
This ability to focus on what is ahead reminds me of a couple of creatures native to Australia. Both the kangaroo and the emu have been designed by God to move forward only! Neither creature can move backwards! It is no wonder, then, that the country of Australia has used both the kangaroo and emu in its coat of arms. This certainly reinforces the importance of looking ahead at what is to come!
Chrystopher: Some of the information was documented and some was first-hand from people who were there at the time. Some came from my own personal research. I’ve met and talked with his son John Clark Gable, for example, and I’ve spent a lot of time around his home-town area talking to people there so I’m very familiar with his childhood. I’ve retraced his steps throughOregon and down theColumbia River, and I’ve been in touch with the families of men with whom he flew in B-17s during WWII. I’ve talked with people who knew him personally, such as Kinsey Barnard, Martha Crawford Cantarini, Cammie King Conlon, Violet Parkhurst, and Christi Galvin, all of whom had stories to tell. A lot of detective work was involved to find some of the stories, but there was a certain thrill of the chase about it all.
Indeed, more 'bug' warriors appeared in an explosion of Smoke, accompanied by six 14Fight Die (14HD) beetles the size of small delivery trucks. Nyqolas entered into melee and was horribly abused, being literally squashed by the bug for oodles of damage. He had to rely upon aid from Prince Lucent to regain enough wherewithal to reach the gravitic field Darius was using to keep Qaya's corrosive Smoke-magick in place as an active deterrent.
The series Donovan starts with this book and I will be interested in how the stories progress with the other two sisters who will have their role to play. Haymore does a great job with getting the reader to be softened by the scarfices which Serena had to make in order to keep her family together. You also feel for the betrayal which Jonathon did to her and it is satisfying that she does not leap into his arms but keeps him at a distance.
Make me know my transgression and my sin
I thank god for my husband and my sister for taking great care of me.... The local hospital sent me home three times and said nothing could be done for me they did not know or, check into my sinuous they thought I was just having seizure's... They really messed up.... They took me 30 Min's away an that hospital saved my life....
3. I love writing. I used to write poetry as well and have found that I can throw a poem together pretty quickly. For example, after I saw a shooting star this past summer, I wrote:
he pauses at the door
She knows better not to argue!! :)
Concerning also been awaiting our next restricted model imitation with the offer, My partner and i frantically desire that this will probably be with the Yayoi assistance one of several lawn. Personally i think such as the multi-colored dots purse pattern skill along with available wholly regarding workout work. This really is a great deal appreciate “Neverfull regarding rationale, that works as a towing just about all. Figures might available area carrier substantial purse simply by shrinking the side laces. Features a zipper jean pocket inside a extended, might keep your savings, along with d ring critical as well as accents. Beginning cost € 900, simply by Louis Vuitton Outlets Sale.
I'm not saying all, but I bet when I send my Sci Fi Thriller, some agents/readers might auto-slush it, thinking, "I'm not looking for sci fi." But my book doesn't fall in the traditional sci fi, it's more of an adventure. I say it's like a combination of "Romancing the Stone" and "I, Robot" - a romantic comedy/adventure set in the future with laser teleportation! How do I put a genre on that? I know there are mixed genres and sub genres, but in the bookstore/online categories I'm guessing mine would go in sci fi, so that's where I pigeon hole it in the query. The same is true when people buy books - some people have a preconceived notion about genres and won't look in those sections.
On to delicious dresses, such pretty details on some these:
8. Ken Kesey and the Merry Pranksters - Levitation (from LP "ACid Test" 1966)
Further reading on the Titanic at Neatorama
The intruders then shot Pitout for a third time, this time in the shoulder whereupon he fell down pretending to be dying, in the hope that they would stop attacking him, but an attacker approached him, stepped on his face and shot him again, in the chest.
She stirs, stretches in feline grace
Mars or Dove Minis (Snickers, Twix, etc.) 2/$5
Lesson #3: If you haven't done your research and it shows, it's not The Best Thing Ever.
1 exceeded
We also got sidetracked into the parts of flowers including their reproductive parts. I found it fascinating , not having studied it before, having only a rough idea how the process worked. But slicing open male and female zucchini flowers was pretty cool.
And the bigger and quicker and thicker
They are actually surprisingly cute on and can pass as regular black socks with a green band at the top if you need specially camouflaged socks for some very specific reason.
Whose sympathy through all endures,
Brothers all are we.
Politics or Poppycock has a series of photos depicting a monument to the victims of 9/11 in Bayonne, New Jersey. He writes, “I’m stunned. I have never heard, seen or read anything about this. Isn’t it wonderful to live in a country where the media controls what we should know?”
Sophomore Showcase is today! Welcome all visiting Sophomores! Hope you enjoy the day.
There are a number of tutorials for similar crayon holders on the internet. This is one I put together using my own method. I am happy to share my method with you free of charge. If you do make one, I just ask you link back to my blog where you've found it and be sure to show me photos of yours!
Want to buy this picture? Email me and I’ll make it happen! (fdking@hotmail.com).
the Berloni’s “failed to provide
Please watch for our upcoming line of baking mixes, coming in the late-Spring/early-Summer of 2010. I will certainly keep you updated.
And Miss Emma is having one awesome prize for one lucky Winner...she is giving away a CUTTLEBUG!!! :)
Totally seriously, this thing.... STINGS!!
I typically don't let myself honestly compare myself to other girls. For that habit is a risky little game. A healthy life-guaging amount yes, but not in a beat myself up kind of way. i generally like to make my life's shortcomings known and embrace them like a cheeky sidekick. And it is certainly opposite day of fair to even read Cakies blog around my birthday, because it happens to be right after her birthday. Every year it sets the movie standard of thoughtful gift giving, themed scavenger hunts and romantic adorableness that make kittens look like donkeys.
Above and below are Calli. She contacted me about being part of i live here:SF way back when, in the early days. We went out for tea on a cold afternoon and she told me a lot about her life and her life studying fashion and art here in the city. And then for a bunch of different reasons we weren't able to get together to take photos.
And what better way to get back into the swing of things than a German porter, apparently brewed to a style previously made in the DDR (but I have to take their word on that).
We checked into our condo, and found a local chapel who said they would marry us even without my proper identification. The ceremony was actually quite nice. The minister used some kind of an Apache prayer as part of our service. Our witnesses were the man and his wife who owned the chapel.
Wow it seems to different having our challenges be on a Monthly basis right now. But I am thankful for the extra time for crafting.
The problem is that I am definitely becoming a dreadful, unapologetic Mexican food snob. I don’t really know why but the utterance of the half-words “Tex” and “Mex” brings an uncontrollable sneer to my upper lip. I scoff at misused sour cream or shredded cheddar cheese at phony Americanized Mexican cantinas.
I actually used a pattern for this as I couldn't be bothered to draft my own, and there was a sale when I got it. I used M5811, it's great :) I like the length on it, it's quite long but still nice and cool for when its hot.
I've been seeing a lot of mixed reviews on Saul Alvarez. He is still very young, has compiled a very presentable record and when you look at his resume you will see some noticeable names. He's fought guys like Carlos Manuel Baldomir, Lovemore N'dou, and Jose Miguel Cotto. But Jose Cotto is more known for his brother's success, Carlos Baldomir was once a welterweight champion but suffered his 4th loss in 6 fights to Canero, and Lovemore N'dou was the biggest we'd seen him and also the sloppiest we've ever seen him.
That they sat down,
Kim had also given her life to Jesus, and later became Tullian’s wife. They were married by Tullian’s grandfather, the Reverend Billy Graham.
Onto the next challenge which will run until Friday 13th April.
from a flooding delta
I’d like for us to take a look at the power of influence in our lives and how it is possible to be nudged off course a little at a time until finally, we find ourselves asking, “How did I get here?” No one is indispensable, not even us!
CSATF/SP is a multi-mission institution that houses 5,981 inmates and employs more than 1,800 people. Opened in 1997, the institution houses minimum-, medium-, and maximum-security male inmates and provides substance-abuse treatment programs, academic and vocational education, and re-entry and self-help programs to prepare inmates for their reintegration into society.
raving about the dessert
corner of our backyard!
So there we are getting pointers from the Hulk, drunkenly trying to take it all in. The main strategy, which we had figured out fairly early in the season, was to try and take out the other team’s best players first. That way it is easier to pick off the weaklings at the end, the ones that can’t catch. Hopefully, if you are following this logic correctly, you’ve already figured out that this means that I am consistently the last one on my team left on the court. Hulk pointed out to me that the best thing to do in this situation is to back into a corner when it’s the other team’s turn to throw and go for a catch. It’s the only hope really, as my weak arm is never getting anybody on the other team out.
3:18: Clear the women and children! Head for higher ground! The D-Bag Tsunami is about to hit shore.
To order a flag custom made for you....visit the Flag section at www.lipstickranch.com.
Now, I don’t blind date – never have, not my style – but I imagine that the process I go through looking for new music is not unlike the blind dating process, and whenever I find really great new music, I always make a mental note so that one day down the line – when we’re celebrating our 10th anniversary or making a toast at our kids wedding – we can reminisce about that first time we met. The Rosie Burgess Trio and I met on a cold November day. I was sitting in a coffee shop with my posse; the grad student in English lit and the freelance film director. To my right the former is wading through obnoxiously dense analytical writing in an effort to make sense of some classic (read: convoluted and boring) poetry, while across the table, the later is editing a film script while attempting to write an email in Italian. I’ve decided that I am on a mission to find some totally awesome new music. I keep a long list of names of artists who I’ve read about or who have been recommended to me and from time to time I pull that list out and start trying them out, one by one. So here I am in a speed dating frenzy, and most of these folks across the table from me are just kind of bleh. I mean a few are nice but not really my type, one is really instrumentally attractive but the voice is so irritating it’s actually comical, and one is super attractive with a really pleasant voice, but the lyrics are so cliche and uninspired it just ruins it. And then there was Rosie.
falsetto. The melodies on this album are barely discernible at times. But perhaps it
2. Removing Limitations
Mr Chen’s call to the government to invest more money in Singaporeans was challenged by Mr Nair who asked him to ‘show’ the money, comparing his ideas to a ‘Nigerian scam’.
My mom spent two years in the Peace Corps before marrying my dad, and there's nothing like living in abject poverty to give you an attitude adjustment on the material world. We grew up well cared for, but constantly aware that there were people with far less than us. I didn't think about what I wore, unless it was uncomfortable (scratchy wool sweaters, ick!).
Ms Fandesi said that the Dutch aid-worker’s death was a tragic loss for the Nkangala community. “We first became aware of her in 2005. She was working alone at the time assisting the community with various projects. But her goal was to open the child- and youth care centre,” she said. Fandesi said that Reita had been running a makeshift centre for some time together with a committee of community members.
those in the US. Here in the UK we quite often don’t even provide the category descriptions the brewers
'cos I'm not overjoyed with the story so far
9. Mustafed
If she can make it through, I guess some of the rest of us will, too.
Precedent ends years of secrecy ended for multi-million dollar details between government and Compass, Sodexo and K-Bro for hospital support services.
The first letter
Where have all the children gone, long time ago?
So that's it for now! Those are the newest goodies to fall into my hands, and I'm sure there will be copious others in coming weeks.
The genius of this film is that we get beneath the surface. We discover that Grossman (Lewensohn), the chairman of the Israel Prize committee, has a bitter rivalry with Eliezer and has been holding his career back at every turn. We also see that as the film goes on and Eliezer finally feels the vindication he has been seeking for so long that his son becomes bitter for reasons I won’t detail here as to not spoil the film.
Shi Cangshan, an independent China analyst in Washington responded to the news: “The domino effect set off by the Wang Lijun incident is still going on, and the Party’s behind-the-scenes operations are being exposed.”
Together we are delivering into the world of adulthood a young man who is, above all, deeply compassionate. Of all the things I could have hoped for, that is at the top of the list. He is also happy, healthy, well-traveled, hilarious, and almost gives skinny jeans a good name. He's a badass guitarist and a puppy worshipper. Little kids dig him. He's had the same job he got when he was 14-- his very first job. He is so loyal. He is so beautiful. Raising him has been the absolute best thing I ever did in my whole life (sorry, Warren-- I know I said it was going on that first date with you...)
Research shows that healthier employees and healthier communities lead to greater economic prosperity and increased global competitiveness. Health costs for employers and employees continue to skyrocket – and 75% of those dollars are going to treat chronic diseases such as diabetes and cancer.
relied on God to fill me up & stop before I am stuffed. I feel like I am seeing
16. The French Impressionists - Blue Skies
My family and I send our positive thoughts and prayers
Then the next step is the individual words that make up the seen input, this has value for a best match in pattern recognition.
“We will gather together as a community, regardless of your religious affiliation or your social standing,” he said. “The whole community needs rain. Jesus said whatever you ask our Heavenly Father in my name will be granted. We take Jesus at his Word. We will go out and ask God to send the rains.”
We ate seafood and drank beer. She spoke English while I was determined to stick with my broken Spanish. Eventually she asked:
The fire and earth can blend with ether vibrating medium of the mind
created
What we have seen in England is the tip of the iceberg. The orginal Metroploitan Police Inquiry failed in its public duty to contact the potentially hundreds of scottish victims that they may have been subjected to illegal activities by the News of the World.
As Archduchess, whose socks ought to be dry, extremely dry (fresh out of the dryer, in fact), it is my responsibility to own weird socks. It is my duty to cherish them. It is my mission to wear them until they are reduced to little more than holes with a bit of wool in between.
A version of this article appeared in print on January 29, 2012, on page TR8 of the New York edition with the headline: A Serene Isle (for Now) Off Tanzania..
And I'm pleased to say that Talli has been graced by the Blogger Gods an is back at her original blog here... thank you for any prayers said!
By now, everyone has heard of Tyler Perry and his famous character named Madea. If you haven’t, Tyler Perry writes and directs movies from his own studio and in many of his movies he cross dresses as Madea and Perry describes her as, “God-fearing, gun-toting, pot-smoking, loud-mouthed grandmother”. One of the unique aspects of Perry’s movies is that they traditionally receive negative feedback from critics but the movies remain profitable. Some of his biggest critics come from the same demographic that he is targeting and that is the black community while others come from the Christian community. His movies address prostitution, drugs, broken families, troubled youth and the over all break down of society which can be found in all demographics of society BUT his movies have a Christian undertone demonstrating how all of these current day blights can be remedied.
Beautiful, even when Eden does her ‘smile’
30 sledgehammer tire swings
That second photo is the moment we heard Nora CRYING again after her heart rate had dropped. She was stable, PRAISE GOD!!!!!! What a beautiful, beautiful moment that was!!
Sony and the PlayStation cast still accept lot of potential, but they accept got to alpha analytic at their business practices from the customer end if they appetite to abide accordant for accession generation.
It’s perched on a local cliff edge with a rugged and barely approachable road leading to it. Follow the shoreline for half a mile and their it is in all its old English broken shine.
Is it jealousy? Glass houses? What is it? I for one want to change my perception and reaction to other women. What about you?
The Life is a magical thing, enjoy every second of it!
11. Member states must meet twice annually with the European Commission president to discuss Euro matters.
It is a highly successful business…where it is difficult to get a job there…all the employees are thoroughly trained…and all the employees wear a smile…and share a laugh…
dress rehearsal rag,
Not much to say on the novel front other than that. I’m getting some things done and should have two more chapters for my local writing group this Sunday.
Rosa: Thank you! Tea or coffee would be perfect to go with this.
I had just this question pop up for me last week. An agent requested my work with synopsis and the dreaded BIO! What could I actually say about myself that related to writing? Just like a resumé asks you to list all your up-to-date work history, a bio needs to include your writing and publishing history (and not a thing should be mentioned about the number of cats or dogs you live with). Sounds simple, right?
Brooklyn, New York 11201
know what they mean, Thorn.”
Matthew J. Burke, 28, New York, N.Y.
Dubai isn't my typical type of travel destination and had I gone to Dubai directly from the states and not ventured into the desert, I may have left a little disappointed after the 11 hour flight. From Delhi, with a quick 3.5 hour flight, it's absolutely worth seeing this unique culture. Plus, with the added bonus of a couple days in the desert (much more on that later), it made the trip an amazing and diverse experience.
He told me it were beyond savage. That a savage would kill and eat another savage,:
Perhaps the Dataran should be occupied by the uncles and aunties who subsidise your studies. We have a whole lot more valid reasons to occupy the square. — mysinchew.com
Helpful study
“It is a real pleasure to work with students like Paul. There’s a good amount of ambition hiding under his laid-back exterior,” Dr. Grimsley-Smith said. “He brings all of his academic and personal interests together in a compelling way, and clearly conveys a strong sense of purpose in his writing. In short, he demonstrates the recipe for success in competitions like NSLI-Y.”
Open the package of bacon and separate each slice laying it on the pan. You can overlap the slices if you need to but don't stack them.
... of course, now comes the editing and polishing of the rewrites, but I'm giving myself a week off first. I am super happy with the way things worked out: I definitely need to sand off the rough edges, but this is much closer to the original book I had in mind in terms of themes, worldbuilding, and voice. It is also much longer, which I knew it would be, but I'm still going to chop off as much as possible.
1/3 cup unsweetened shredded coconut
Again I will be addressing the SEVEN Deadly Sins this weekend and we will be taking a look at the sin of Envy. John Piper makes the following statement about ENVY and our concern for other people. He states, “One of the barriers to being concerned for other people is that we envy them.”
Unfortunately, Bleeding Violet isn't being published in the UK so far, but British readers will be able to order a US copy from Amazon UK, and other online bookstores.
With scars of honor in His flesh
Perhaps she ought to sit down and speak with Democrat State Senator Jim Kastama, one of three who did the right thing and helped give Republicans a voice in the budget negotiations in Olympia. To govern does not mean cave to the Liberal Democrats or do as the party leaders tell you to do.
Now I know I am speaking to the converted where limited motivation is required to prompt making a gorgeous cup of tea, but if ever you needed a reason, Kate Reiser’s clever crocheted cosies is just a little bit more of an incentive to get your crochet hook out and put the kettle on.
Tip 9: Be confident and be yourself
We're still working our way through the scripts, but here is a teaser for one:
So what to do? Break a window and get that kid out of there! Break a window that is not near your child and using a window hammer and blanket is probably the safest way to do this. Now I'm not a safety expert and this information is simply what I have obtained by reading articles online and talking with moms who have been in this situation. I do know that if this were to happen to me I'd break the window. Even if you have called the authorities they may take a long time to arrive as is what happened to one lady I talked with. Remember a kid can get very hot very quickly in a locked car. You need to discuss with someone (partner, family member, support system) what you would do in this situation so that you have a plan.
CustName: Webtrends Inc
If you’re sick with instant noodles (most of them are salty and with less add-ons), you should coddle your stomach once in a while. Many restaurants out there dish out authentic Chinese food. You just gotta find the right flavor over novelty and essence over gimmickry.
I was feeling in the holiday spirit, so I wanted to make a red white & blue dessert. I found this recipe on Martha Stewart's website, and thought it was such a fun, festive dish.
Blood drained from her face as her stomach twisted into a knot that made her want to vomit, leaving a sour burn in the back of her throat. She gagged from the wine that came back up. Her hands shook, and a cold descended upon her, chilling her whole body. The detective reached out and took her elbow as she collapsed onto the yellow sofa. She put her face in her palms, too stunned to cry. Too stunned to think.
This facts raise immediately two questions: how long do we have to wait before Chinese TV productions conquer the world, and secondly, why are all TV shows mainly in English?
As I mentioned above, I was a guest on the HealthyPlace Mental Health Radio show and you can hear my interview Life After Suicide on their website. Please do take the time to explore their amazing Facebook page and their website. Have a listen to my 15 minute interview which I’ve given the link to above and let me know what you thought of it as it’s my first interview, and feedback is so helpful. I’ve been told that over 500 have listened to my interview, but no comments have been left, so would be lovely to hear from you!
Most people who are on welfare assistance have to be actively job searching, which is monitored by a State of Idaho contractor. Here is a scenario of an actual event which occurred this week; do not try this with your local State of Idaho contractor...it doesn't work:
The full story of the guy above is that he is a well-known highly successful South African. He was just relating how things started out for him, but the whole story involves much more. Besides all the negative aspects there were many positive aspects to his story, but he never got around talking about it, because everyone wanted to hear the bad and sad news. Everyone gets drawn into the negative suffering and hardships, while not seeing the positive outcome.
I searched the internet for the right curtains to bring to the room. I knew they had to have color and had to have pattern since everything in the room was neutral and 'plain'... thanks for pointing that out, Mom!
Arjean Kamminga: Drums
Eventually, a little over an hour later, my sister brought Noah to the hospital and we had a first-meeting/reunion that was joyful, surreal, and heartbreaking all at the same time. It was so special to be able to introduce Noah to his baby sister and see him process what had been vague to him before into a new reality. The heartbreaking part was only when he had to leave--- he'd not realized we wouldn't be going home with him that very night, and was devastated he couldn't bring his baby home. To this day, if I think too hard on that moment, I feel like crying my eyes out. It was truly awful; I wish I'd know better to prepare him for that moment.
“I really do feel it’s time for our medium to grow up…
Thank you all for stopping by to visit. Happy creating everyone!
WIE: These are fascinating discoveries which have inspired a lot of people. A number of books have already attempted to make the link between physics and mysticism. Fritjof Capra’s The Tao of Physics and Gary Zukav’s The Dancing Wu Li Masters have both reached many, many people. In your book, though, you mention that there was something that you felt had not yet been covered which you feel is your unique contribution to all this. Could you say something about what you are doing that is different from what has been done before in this area?
Bake at 325 degrees for 20 minutes or until edges are browned. Take out and let cool entirely. Cut into strips and store in snack size bags.
Of the rest of the cast, Alain Vernhes as Charlotte's father had incredible vocal presence and is just the sort of effortlessly loud and clear bass-baritone that is a complete joy to hear in bit parts like this. I always appreciate the peculiarly French sentimentality of the children in this opera, particularly their Christmas song - Massenet really is the highest quality kitsch money can buy. Most of the rest of the cast was fairly unremarkable, though the diminutive Schmidt (Stuart Patterson) and the enormous Johann (Darren Jeffery) were quite an amusing pair of drunks, mostly because they carried on like an old gay couple.
318 Brett Wallace
For activism to be effective, we must organize large-scale movements to express discontent and to demand change, movements of such a size that they cannot be ignored. But to do this, we will have to find ways to unify the disparate sources of rebellion that exist, including environmentalists, workers, students, ethnic and indigenous rights activists, religious groups, and even the disaffected individuals who listen to gangsta rap and hard core rock. Further, we must solicit the concern of those individuals who one day will suffer the most, if we are unable to solve our problems: schoolchildren. (They must be recruited as well, to help protect the world they are destined to inherit.)
respected as sacred natural phenomena and sites of worship to various deities.
"WHO'S NEXT?"
in the midst of the chaos.
Since the early 1990s, the German government has pushed to construct, expand, and modernize its renewable energy program. Wind power and solar panels jumped to the forefront, and are certainly the most visible. Right now there are a little under 30,000 of the giant windmills operating, with more on the way. 33,000 more are being installed offshore in the Baltic region. Overall, wind power fills a bit less than 10% of Germany’s electrical energy needs, but the percentage varies
After playing with our Easter goodies for a while, we headed off to spend some time in the great outdoors. Last month I was able to do field work in a part of Everglades National Park I had never visited before, Chekika. This place has a borrow pit FILLED with baby alligators. So we had to go back as a family--especially since Summer is OBSESSED with alligators (and snakes. . . go figure).
Last night, I invited some friends over to make sausage.
Rnd 9+10) ch3, dc in st before ch3 (last st of previous round), crossed double crochet around, sl st to top of ch3, fasten off and weave in ends.
But I doh really care what people say...
Living word, go be
We've talked of the beautiful sleaze contained in a soft sell.
We decided to rehang the clothes rod but placed in further in the nook where the washer and dryer are situated. The coats hang on one side and the hanging clothes just taken out of the dryer hang on the other. Putting the rod higher up and further into that recess allows us to hang things without feeling as if we are walking into a coat closet when we walk into the laundry room.
I have been to three movies ... Did You Hear About The Morgans?, Blindside, and Avatar. I usually don't attend that many movies in a year, let alone a month. That's enough.
...which you slide into the slots around the rabbit form. Then the cake bakes, upside down. After baking, you can slide out the poles and separate the halves to reveal a solid rabbit. This will be perfect for Easter!
So there you have it. A completely sober drinking accident, thanks to the wankers with the dodgy statistics. They should be ashamed of themselves.
We need to fight back. Together. And there’s no time to waste.
Sorry Shallan. It’s okay though, you have over 900 pages to try and impress me.
*and if it involves spray paint it is considered a bonus in my eyes ;)
Hadi Marifat of the Afghanistan Human Rights and Democracy Organisation, which surveyed 5,000 Afghan women for a recent report on the state of women’s rights in Afghanistan, said the statements show Mr Karzai is shifting toward the strictest interpretations of Shariah law.
Do you have any favourite fish sandwiches, fish tacos or fish burrito shops? Please share in the comments.
You are more than welcome to enter up to 4 cards during the next couple of weeks.
pack of tissues (doh)
Slice #31!
earth energy Solutions GROUP recognizes and encourages all businesses with Parking Lot / Area Lot needs to consider the full ‘cost of doing business’.
Play silks are such wonderful "toys" that offers unlimited possibilities, in our house they have been used for dress up, castle building, nature tables, gift wrapping and much more.
As a personal comment, I believe the Digital Advertising Alliance is wrong. Technically, they ask for the continuation of a “jungle system”, in which they can do whatever they want, while data subjects have no idea they are the subject of certain practices that might as well turn them into targets for an infinite possibilities of actions.
Pages: 512
Elysian Brewing Company The Great Pumpkin
The playmat is great! I resisted getting one because, well, they’re ugly. But as Del got more and more interested in reaching for toys, I thought he might enjoy having them overhead, and I thought I could use the free time if indeed a playmat would allow him to entertain himself for a few minutes at a time. I looked at a few online and in stores, but none seemed worth the price. My advice: do what I did and borrow one from someone else. Babies change so fast that a favorite toy one month is outgrown at the next developmental stage. Lucky for me, my friend Ann had one that her daughter was not using anymore. We borrowed it and Del really loves it. Typically he’ll play here for 15-20 minutes on his own, and longer if I sit with him. The octopus is named Cthulhu, after an evil creature in an HP Lovecraft tale (and in a particularly awesome episode of South Park). Del will wrestle Cthulhu, chewing on its legs and growling and grunting till he works himself up and cries. I think Cthulhu is winning. Off to the lower right in this picture is a fabulous toy, a bunch of large wooden beads on a tight elastic band. Del can get his little hands around the balls, and pull the toy to his mouth to gnaw on one. Happy coincidence, it makes a superb bracelet for mom. (Kidding. It’s ridiculous.)
2. Frank Sinatra "Cheek to Cheek" 3:04
In this case, I have a hard time imagining an argument against Peruvian control over the artifacts taken from Machu Picchu in the early part of the 20th century. But, ownership can be a tricky thing. At some point, it seems to me, archaeological remains become a patrimony of humanity, not simply the modern nation-state, a form of sovereignty just 200-250 years old, where the artifact happened to end up. My initial reaction would be to say that artifacts should reside in close physical proximity to their places of origin, but as patrimony of humanity, access to those artifacts for scholarly purposes should be sacrosanct. The same goes for the documentary record.
Is Washington considering a firepower solution to unrest? The Department of Homeland Security just ordered 450 million rounds of special “hollow point” .40 caliber ammunition from defense contractor ATK. The high performance HST bullets are designed for law enforcement and ATK says they offer “optimum penetration for terminal performance.” While we can only guess in what situations this type of domestic firepower might be used by Homeland Security, American citizens should also remember this type of ammunition has been outlawed in international warfare by the Hague Convention Declaration III since 1899.
Surprisingly, to me at least, this is Abbott's first novel. It was surprising because Abbott writes with a maturity and a knowledge and a voice that is so wise beyond his seeming lack of experience. He writes with the voice of a man that has written many novels previously and who will continue to write for many years to come. I also really enjoyed how we were given insight into Henry's life, personality, his flaws and his destruction -- we are given the best pieces of insight and wisdom through other people that interact with Henry. It did take me a while to adjust to the constant jumps in time and between characters. However, once I did, the novel moved smoothly and seamlessly and I was very happy to be able to get to read this novel.
This was a good suggestion. I used Boozeberries’ Blackcurrant Liqueur rather than straightforward Creme de Mure, which is a little more tart. This worked really well with the sweet, floral notes of the gin, creating a very fresh, juicy and tart Bramble. It was so fresh that you might even think that you had muddled blackberries in the bottom of the glass. An excellent combo.
Wake Up America! Your Rights are disappearing!
Nestabilities - Large Standard Circles
The beauty of homeschooling my son is that we can learn what we want when we want. If we do a lesson and it’s not really something he wants to learn more about then we can stop after the crux (hey, we should be using that word more too) of the subject is absorbed. However, if it’s something he’s really hungry for, we can just keep going for- like-ever if we so choose. We don’t have to stop for morning announcements, or classroom disruptions, or lunch, none of that jazz. Even if we tire of it that day we can pick it up the next day and the next.
Amanda: My goal is to be obtuse.
Not just anyone
I emerged from the depths of the station and stepped into the sunlight, taking in huge gulps of fresh air, vowing to book online next time.
15. Last Exit - Discharge
Total number of persons saved, 868.
Everybody wants a box of chocolates
Why is it that people are so quiet while waiting to disembark from an airplane? This is not simply Canadian reticence, for I’ve experienced it on flights all over the world. People rise from their seats and say very little as they wait for the door to open, releasing them to the outside world. Curious.
Happy Monday and thanks for taking the time to visit the charmed life blog. Another sunny day for us here in Pittsburgh. Almost makes me feel like spring is coming. Well it is I guess in 2 months (lol). I did notice that it is almost staying light until 6:00 pm. So the days are getting longer.
When Sir Alex Ferguson took umbrage at a Nigel de Jong challenge on Danny Welbeck over strode Roberto Mancini for a vision of the future to make the Scot and the Manchester United congregation shiver. In the Italian’s defiance, as the fourth official tried to keep them apart, Ferguson saw a man who is not cowed by the 13 Premier League titles, two European Cups and other silverware he parades each time United play.
"You must give up freedom to protect freedom. That is, unless you hate freedom."
I spotted a couple of great examples this year from BMW and ASOS:
Now think about a state of mind without any predetermined ideology,
This year, Teagan took the class list and carefully wrote out the name of each of her classmates and signed her name to each card. She filled out some special cards for her teacher, the head of the aftercare program, and one for the school principal.
portentous dialogue, there’s usually a hint of some dark secret lurking in the past, but nothing’s actually explained. The reader’s not given any kind of insight into anything. The story, ultimately, means nothing. It’s not big and it’s not clever. It’s tedious. Stop it.
practicing for days about what she was going to say to santa.
"I hear there is an inquiry we have to await the result."
Here are the pictures from the middle of the mess! Click to enlarge.
June 14: We went to a Peter Breinholt concert tonight. If you don't know his music, I suggest you go to iTunes and check him out. Start with "What About."
Me: Nope. They don’t care. I have to go. I don’t have a choice. That’s the truth of it. They know everything. I haven’t sent a text message yet.
We all left to go to the family home where it was just food and laughter and nothing was said about the old bloke--
The full-length original version of Peter Russell’s popular video in which he proposes that we stand on the threshold of a major leap in evolution, as significant as the emergence of life itself, and the essence of this leap is inner spiritual development. Moreover, he maintains that it is only through such a shift in consciousness that we will be able to manage successfully the global crises now facing us. (Made in the 1990s while the World Trade Center still stood.)
Well, except for the small fire, everything was great! I was using the broiler for the steaks and the smoke detectors were going crazy (not unusual for me and the broiler). I got sick of trying to run back and forth trying to silence them, an interesting feat considering the vaulted ceilings, I had already knocked one off the ceiling and ended up batting at it like a piñata and finally climbing up a ladder and disconnecting it, when I decided to give up on the broiler and finish the steaks on the stove top. Opened the oven door, flames came rolling out, so I quickly closed oven door. Ughhhh....turned off everything, peeked in the oven window, pan still on fire, OK, looked over and found some cake flour on the counter, thought awesome, I can take care of the fire and not ruin the steaks! Opened oven door, pulled out rack, doused pan in flour, and presto! Fire was out. Figured out it was not actually the steaks on fire, but the marinade that was on pan, perfect, scraped flour off steaks, threw them in a skillet and poured myself a big glass of wine. During the whole event, my darling son was playing in his room and it didn't even faze him. Steaks turned out good; hubby said that the flour actually made a gravy that was really tasty.
How wonderful … the intoxicating scent of bread baking in the oven is on a blustery day. Just the sight of a bowl full of rising dough fills me with anticipation. Does anything taste as satisfying as a fragrant chunk of bread hot from the oven with fresh butter melting into your hand?
Snowman pumpkins!
So put on your dancing shoes (or cowboy boots) and come out and see us this Sunday, February 27th at Whiskey River Landing on the Henderson Levee for the first LA-31 Dance off, presented by Schilling Distributing. We are kicking off at 4 pm with Jamie Bergeron and the Kicking Cajuns. The dance off will have three rounds, ending in a final elimination round to crown the overall best dancing couple.
Now, as an added bonus, I can throw a few scary undead encounters into the dungeon. :)
- Receive your CEA License and tools and then- START!
What’s the bottom line? Being friendly and considerate goes a long way!
My only unsatisfactory for this is that once I lift and put my hands down, I look as if pregnant because the elastic at the bottom of the jacket would go up my waist... (^^;)
We were so appreciative that G's very talented great aunt was willing to give him his first haircut before his first birthday party - birthday post to come - give me another month :) . Both hair stylist and client did very well as evidenced in the pictures below.
IF YOU LIVE IN AUSTRALIA OR NEW ZEALAND PLEASE ADD EITHER AUS OR NZ NEXT TO YOUR NAME IN THE LINK ENTRY
Hellfire and damnation's what I've got for you down there
My mouth filled with words of love and truth
You should begin to see these new items showing up in shops nationwide in the next month or so!
Up to 4 cups all purpose flour (I needed about 1/2 cups more flour)
Sometimes something I see inspires me to realize how great our world is and how inspiring it can be just to live in it. Some years ago I saw a video Matt Harding made. He decided to quit his job and travel the world. Along the way he videotaped himself doing a silly dance in the most exotic places. I can’ t really say why it inspires me. Maybe it’s the music. Maybe it’s just the free way that he dances, letting life go, with a smile on his face, really enjoying his opportunity to live and be able to do this. Maybe sometimes that’s all we need to be inspired to get out of bed. I hope you enjoy Matt and the world he dances in.
Some happy highlights of the week...
Ted spends 10 minutes standing in the freezing cold bedroom (TMI to say sans Dickensian nightshirt) with his ear pressed to the wall before declaring we have a mouse who's travelled up the drainpipe, across the front porch, climbed the creeper to the windowledge, shinned up the casement to the gutter and found the gap where the lead seam on the roof doesn't quite meet the slates, snuck in through the gap and dropped down through the roof void to the beam by the side of the bed where he's scampering about making a nest before he invites his lady friend back for a cheese tasting or whatever it is mice do.
This is a problem.
The media presenting the news with a very obvious slant could be part of why people despise them.
As reenacted in nativity scenes and Christmas pageants down through the history of western civilization, in various ways this story, whether in part or whole, is told:
Put Aristotle’s and Steiner’s logic to work, though, and you have a far more useful tool. Take the status quo, and then imagine an opposite that’s just as bad as the status quo, but for the opposite reasons. That makes you think about just what it is about the status quo that’s problematic, to begin with; once you’ve identified the problems, it challenges you to consider the downside of going to the opposite extremes; and once you’ve identified the spectrum of possibilities, it leads you to explore many points along that spectrum, in search of the range of options that offer the most benefits and the fewest drawbacks. It’s far less simple—or simplistic—than going to the opposite extreme; it also works better in the real world, where hard binary oppositions are a good deal less common than muddily complex issues in which moderation is inevitably a better strategy than extremism.
That album was followed in 1977 with the release of the album “Rumours” which went on to spawn a number of hits and the album also won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year.
There ain’t nobody hirin’
Till then — good luck with those “boogies.” Even though we seem to be the first generation in history that needs a whole lot of help dealing with them. – Lenore
It seems impossible to define the extraordinary power of this film, which on paper reads as a typically unassuming post-war melodrama about the usual concerns: family, responsibility, bereavement, and the ever widening gap that exists between the generations. Ozu had already covered much of the same territory in earlier films, most notably The Only Son (1936) and Late Spring (1947), but rather than feel like a reiteration of such themes, there's a certain process of refinement in the approach to Tokyo Story, which once again explores the same concerns, but does so with such assurance and simplicity that the continual shifts, from comedy to drama, jollity to pathos, seem effortlessly placed.
After all, what is value? We are eternal beings. Only a miniscule part of our existence will be lived in this life. As wonderful as money seems right now, it is only an illusion.
Who: Emily
Although I know kids can change your plans quickly and often at the last minute, I’m still a planner. It’s just the way I’m wired. I like to put things on the calendar well in advance. It’s not that we’re so busy we must plan 3 weeks in advance (although the bigger or kids get the quicker the days do fill up), but there is a certain peace I have in knowing things are planned.
What breed of dog Curly was I do not know but he was medium sized and very happy all the time. He was the family's beloved pet and companion for my brothers and me, always with us when we were outside playing. Curly had long, wavy and silky brown hair, which would move about when he romped or ran with us. One day he just disappeared!
BLDGBLOG would like at least three units, please.
I don’t know how many times I have read it, I can’t even count now. And I have never followed any other author that religiously. I have read each and every book of his.
The thing is, there are ways to communicate something to the reader in a first-person account that the narrator herself is unaware of, almost like the story is talking around its own narrator. Some authors do it extremely well. So my defense of my own work, above, is not particularly valid-- instead of getting huffy about what people didn't "get," I should be working on how well I communicate with my reader.
While our last house was pretty casual and full of bold color throughout, I'm leaning more and more toward layers of neutrals for our new space. To be honest, I always looked at our last house as a fun project, knowing we weren't settled there for good. So, I guess it was easier for me to be braver with color choices and to try new things.
1/4 tsp dried thyme leaves
Caryn agrees and even cites some Scripture to support her point:
Paciorek got a little more action in right before he came up again in the bottom
So it was in London in 1802 a festival of people and excitement, but a cold-hearted and cruel place to live. Where the rich and privileged lived in proximity to the poor and homeless; Where intrigue mingled with despair and hope battled misery; Where acts of sacrifice and heroism were often only found in the pages of Gulliver's Travels and Ivanhoe.
Now-a-days several merchants for example M&S promote matches along with tuxes for any range of kids ages from extremely discount prices. The things they say the child is not a guests nevertheless a website boy after that hel will need independent clothes. In simple terms a website boy is often a young guy maid of honor at the wedding ceremony whose job it really is to transport any) bride educate along with b) the wedding rings. Nowadays there are a couple of merchants including BHS that sell many different site boy clothes which include stomach cover along with suit.
The other night, while watching a favourite TV programme, a new (well, to my eyes anyway) level of advertiser’s intrusiveness was laid in front of us; the consumers curled up on the comfy sofa.
The moment he was gone, so was the weight.
I started off thinking this might be a finished portrait but I'm
Pows Dewhurst (cinematographer and photojournalist from Toronto, Canada)
"I don't know. Everybody will be so fancy. What would your mother wear?"
Q: Among the books, flims and fashions that you have enjoyed, what do you like?
Yay! It's National Scrapbook Day!!! How fun!
What horrors did he devise on his stairs? Are you sure you want to know?
“Yes,” Shannon replies with some pep in her voice.
And thunder
Spring days are here and I am enjoying my days with the boys outside and with Summer coming up I am spending nights in the gym and doing school work.. well I just really didn't had the energy and inspiration to scrap.. but I think I found my mojo back!!
Released in '64, this record has Andrew Hill at his prime, deconstructing the post-bop idiom to suit his own avant-garde leanings. The great Tony Williams was still early in his career then, but of course, playing with the confidence of a seasoned veteran, working with Richard Davis on bass extremely well. On top of that, we have the triple-threat horn section of Henderson, Dolphy and Dorham. Man, what a great combination of different styles.
“”I promise. Can’t wait to see you.”
Can't make no headway on this road.
Tank: Lands End
The next time a pretty girl you dates
Readers beware for the stories told by Adam’s ancestors, some of whom witnessed or experienced the very worst of human behaviour, are, at times, difficult to read. There is, however, no exploitation of violence here, no manipulation, and no embellishment. It is in the cumulative evidence, and the wretched senselessness of the facts themselves, that the book’s strongly pacifist message lies.
It landed on the road below!
William Tenn – Wednesday’s Child
- blue food coloring (water)
Oh yeah, and I’m also J-A-C-K-E-D up on a medium, (which in my book is LARGE) Mocha, Caramel Java Chiller!!!
I kind of smile when I read stories like this.
I wish I could have worn this outfit to my first ever visit to a nightclub. It must have been 1978 or 1979, I was 14 or 15, and the nightclub was called Peaches, in Milton Keynes. That probably tells you all you need to know... Oh the glamour. Studio 54 it was not.
Here's what some of our spies and analysts had to say...
Ruthless capitalism of the type espoused by a nationless elite with its global corporations and unremitting calls for more cheap imported labour is the ferocious gale battering against the great and ancient tree which is out nation, whereas Marxism with its joint tools of political correctness and lying propaganda is the rot gnawing at its roots.
Instead I think I’m going to pour a cup of tea and look out at the rain that never seem to end, and hope that I will one day see the sun again. At the moment it doesn’t actually seem too likely.
I remember reading a book
I believe manufacturers are really insulting us by adding dye to things to make them appear more appetizing.
I hear all these voices inside my head.
That cool brassy thing on my back door has this subtle green patina on it that catches my eye every time I go in or out.
I filled the cone shape about two thirds full. You can add more if needed. You'll want the pincushion to be firm, not squishy. To keep the crushed walnut shells in place, I cut a 3" diameter circle of batting and place it over the top of the crushed walnut shells................
Following are excerpts from a program with Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on July 28, 2007.
The service at Rochelle Canteen was a little sketchy, our waiter seemed to have a few hipster buddies about who he enjoyed and even smiled at. We unfortunately were left with blank indifference. The Kiwi waitress that offered us dessert was very lovely and seemed to embrace the menu and the good vibes.
I begin this mini-unit by reading the book "Everybody Needs A Rock." This book gives tips on finding the perfect rock. The tips encourage students to use many of their senses in their quest for a rock that is perfect for them.
1/4 tbs salt
SJ comes back to us this month with these sweet little ideas. As you know, us crafters tend to trim a project with a tie or bow with our ribbons. And if you are anything like me, you have reels of them just begging to be used way out of your comfort zone.
‘Not on Greenhayes. There aren’t any old bangers around here.’
The entrance hall:
Reading: Then the eunuch said to Philip in reply, “I beg you, about whom is the prophet saying this? About himself, or about someone else?” Then Philip opened his mouth and, beginning with this scripture passage, he proclaimed Jesus to him. (Acts 8:34-35)
Mugaritz
It’s not a question of a specific number of potentially invalid signatures being counted in approval of the law
Once you complete the course, you will be provided with a completion certificate which will be available through your My Training page. Please be aware the certificate is not an official document. It serves only as evidence of your completion of the course until you receive your official Department of Labor card in the mail.
Someone asked me about the D-Word again today. This makes about the gazillionth time I’ve heard it since I’ve been an adult.
Doesn’t everybody have a sheet of paper filled with little drawings they’ve made while talking on the phone or bits of important information that they need to remember?
One of the hottest rivalries of 2009 was between female high jumpers Blanka Vlasic and Ariane Freidrich. Vlasic opened her season earlier this week on a very high note with a 6' 7" clearance in Trinec (Czech Republic). As competitive as these two became last year, I expect to see Friedrich reach high heights of her own this weekend - especially since she will be on home soil in Germany.
The ingredients:
Duronto trains.
Christians in America have gained a reputation for being very outspoken about their opinions on issues of morality and public policy. This is understandable. There are major changes going on in our culture and many Christians are nervous that the values they have long held on to are being compromised.
To accomplish such a vast design
look at me hopefully. 'Those coins are going to keep you
damn hands off our Medicare?
Negotiations between the neighboring countries, including South Africa and Botswana, had been wrapped up earlier on after Zimbabwe’s political parties formed a government of national unity.
My Girl II
I actually got mine done last night but then the mother of all storms came in and well ~ I powered everything down just to be on the safe side. Took pictures this morning, figuring I'd be a bit tardy but still up this morning and well ~ brought the camera to work but forgot the cord - YIKES!
I’m doing some free agent work, retweeting posts from Cat’s Cradle, sharing Cat’s Cradle posts on Facebook. I have 59 followers on Twitter and 500-some friends on Facebook, so hopefully I can help spread the word a bit. I also plan to continue this free agent work on Google+.
SHAH ALAM- The Sultan of Selangor on Monday advised all state lawmakers, regardless of political affiliation, to cooperate with the state administration for the sake of the people’s welfare.
During the time the film depicts America and its allies had just liberated Kuwait, driven into Iraq and stopped. President George H. W. Bush encouraged the Iraqis to rise up against Saddam Hussein. Many Shi'ites, angry at decades of rule by Saddam and his minority Sunni supporters, did rise up expecting help from the Americans. None came. Instead, for a time the Iraqi army used helicopter gunships to massacre the dissidents until the so-called "No Fly Zone" was established by Coalition forces.
'A fantastic book' - Scott Wilson , talk 107 Breakfast Show host
with more than a whiff of sulphur
The eerie silence haunts me
Why do we wait until it’s too late to share those moments when it’s to late? Why wait so long?
We’ll learn to tap a wave of innovation in water management, water use and water technology that is sweeping the world.
I feel like every post on this blog has been about my ex-boyfriend and this makes me look like such a pathetic person and I promise I’m a lot cooler than this under normal circumstances.
Lilly, still at the track, gathers people's discarded betting slips. Roy spends a minute leaning over into his car, when a police officer shows up assuming he's had too many drinks. The officer tells him he seems pretty sick. Roy blames bad shrimp. The officer offers to get him to the doctor, but Roy says he has clients to see.
Beg dc cluster: ch 2, dc in same st. Counts as one st.
More purity give me, More strength to o'ercome,
Each of the residents of the lane recalls wonderful memories with Mike and how he gave them the perfect advice that made the world right again. First it was the Emmy award winning turn for Beau Bridges as the helpful handyman and we went through it again with the happy stripper. Now Mike.
so here goes: i'm not perfect. and i have been particularly un-perfect the last five months.
If you want to attempt to re-create Vietnamese-style crawfish at home, I recommend you invest in a turkey fryer. Crawfish are best cooked outdoors since they can get quite messy. Here is a copycat recipe for the crawfish and garlic butter sauce, if you have never tried crawfish this way, I highly recommend it. So when you visit Houston, Texas, be sure to sample some of our amazing restaurants and put Vietnamese-style crawfish at the top of your list.
This company is amazing- please check them out and support them! They are great people trying to make a change!
This process which I admit is a bit difficult to comprehend unless you are a scientist, takes seawater and fuses certain atoms together to eventually produce steam which drives turbines. The only waste is an inert gas which won't cause damage to the environment and because it is fusion, rather than fission, is safe and can't be used for weapons.
But now we have another problem--will our new title suit the great jacket art?
Blood work was taken, I am anemic, maybe that is why I am having issues with the cold when its 87F outside and stairs worry me because I am breathless.
"And look at those cheeks!" I commented. The little girl indeed had huge, squeezable pillows of chub on either side of her nose.
There was no way I was going to pass on the opportunity to see the live production of one of my favorite musicals for f-r-e-e! (Little did I know it would cost me my life as I knew it).
A week ago, Finn came down with the flu, with the follow up act of a stuffy-nose cold. Previous to this he was waking up at about 6:30am. Sometimes even 7:00! I was fine with this. It was do-able. Then suddenly, when he was sick, he got up at 5:45. Then 5:30. Then 5:00. I hear him stirring before 5 sometimes. Rrr!
SanJAsKa: Hello dear Wesley, I am doing wonderful. It has been magnificent to be a part of the many energy-gate openings that we have been quite busy taking place in, in the last few days of your time.
This morning we underwent a barrage of routine scheduled tests and appointments at Magee, starting bright and early at 6:45 a.m. Five hours later, I was happy to walk out of the hospital with plenty of good news.
Yikes I miss calculated the top of this bell tower it is not in my picture. I really dislike it when that happens. Maybe I'll make another one of this one day. This was done with the weekend Sketchcrawlers.
16) CTA Conversion Rate - CTA stands for call-to-action, of course. Track the percentage of people who visited a particular page who also clicked a CTA on that page. It indicates the appeal of the offer, whether the CTA is well-crafted and written, and if it has good placement on the page.
And, the next thing I know, she shimmies up:
3 tbsp clarified butter/ghee
So why are we paying only 59.99$ retail? As development costs sky rocket seemingly with no end in sight, how can we expect to pay less to game then most past generations did?
-I got to catch up with and see so many friends. I only lived there for a total of 17 months, but the place sort of feels like home.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS: POST TO YOUR BLOG EVERY DAY IN MAY. Cinchy! Mayfly hatches, spring runoff, spawning fish, tulips, debauched May Day pagan rituals—blog it all. Blog to learn, blog to remember, blog to forget. Document May, the whole thing. We’re providing prompts for each day if you need them, but feel free to interpret, misinterpret, or post whatever you like.
I wish you peace and safety. For those of you who live without the horror that we live with every day - please don't take what you have for granted.
Even though none of the news pieces about the event mention Henning, we promise, he'll be there. He'll start playing at around 2:30 at Weinstein Auditorium in Wright Hall at Smith College. This all happens on Sunday March 11.
9:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.
11. The inside back cover still has a compartment to tuck receipts or coupons in. But no more free thin notebook (not that I used it much anyway).
To kick off the summer reading season, enjoy this new sneak peek at Whispering Evil (Midnight Guardian Series, Book 2) which goes on sale mid June.
If I had more time, I think it would be really cool to create my own video to incorporate into my website. I could be a slideshow of pictures and maybe some people from Chicago talking about why they love it so much. I think that videos are a really effective way that you can spread awareness about something because they’re usually more entertaining than reading text. I know for me at least, I would rather watch a video about something than read about it. I didn’t have any major challenges with my website other than minor technology related ones. Overall it was a lot of fun to make and I hope that my audience enjoys it!
Entirely in plain sight.
This time my parents stayed for an ENTIRE WEEK! It was SO fun! We went to the Denham Springs antique stores and went shopping in general, we hung out, talked late, slept in, ate a lot, and generally had a GREAT time! My mom helped me a lot with the Cub Scouts. It is SO MUCH easier with two people! She bought them some activities and treats.
First thing, I booked a trip to Austin. I LOVE traveling. I love EVERYTHING about it. I love the searching for the best price on tickets. I love the BUYING of the tickets. I love reading about the places I'm going to be visiting. I love deciding if I am going to have a rigid schedule, or just play it by ear (I usually jsut play it by ear). I love the packing and the arriving at the airport and the flying. I just LOVE to travel. Even the hassles involved are just part of the experience (um, don't get me wrong, I'm not a fan of sitting around in an airport, but it's still part of the trip, so it makes it worth it).
Flash back to the mid-1980s when parents were literally fighting in the aisles of toy stores to get the last Cabbage Patch Kids right before Christmas. I felt that lucky. But suddenly I had a sense of vulnerability — what if this was the last can of food in the entire store? I’d be at ground-zero for a mob of hungry, angry people. But you know that moment is coming at some point — and someone will end up getting the very last can of something. And they’ll be in the crosshairs of everyone else who feels entitled to THAT last can and who will do anything to get it. Some of you may have seen this video (http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=2de_1290808778) of a mob trampling people to get into a Target store at 4 a.m. on Black Friday. How bad will things be when mobs trample people to get into grocery stores at 4 a.m. because they didn’t stock up when they should’ve because they blew all of their money on expensive toys?
Let’s make things perfectly clear. There’s a time and a place for everything. It’s completely appropriate to treat a woman as a sex object during foreplay. When she’s giving the company’s quarterly earnings, it’s not. Anywhere in between is a gray area.
...More smiles...
And the only thing that could truly destroy the fruit of Reagan’s policies was the coming of another Jimmy Carter.
Solitary, listening to the rain,
Picture Keeper comes in several different sizes, depending on how many digital photos you have to save. Here's a handy chart to give you an idea, but use this only as a starting guide and keep in mind that you most likely will continue to take and store photos in the future. Buying more Picture Keepers is easy, but it's so much more convenient to simply purchase the right size for your current collection and then make allowances for future additions.
When we walked in, we were asked if we could wait for another salesperson. We said yes because we had time, and plenty of ideas to consider. While we waiting, someone said something to the effect of "We're so busy now, right after Christmas! It's like a lightswitch being flipped! What recession?"
The doodling group recalled 29% more information on a surprise memory test.
In the town where I lived there was a small college. As colleges would have, there were many professors about the town. As this was the time in our society where wives seldom worked and instead kept house and minded children, one professor had a wife who was a stay at home mom, and her name was Adelaide.
At least he looks happy.
Money from copying of our books is NOT a bonus, a bit of extra cash - it's yet another part of the complex jigsaw of writers' income. It is a legitimate part: payment for the work that we have done and that someone wants to use. If the work is rubbish, and no one wants it, there is no payment from PLR, royalties or ALCS. That's a far more brutally meritocratic and commercial system than most people - including politicians - are likely to encounter in their workplace. There can be no legitimate defence for withholding the payment if the work IS good enough for people to want it.
my love's birthday today
Grade: 4 Burps!
I also loved how the book is told in a past-tense narrative, but with a heavy sprinkling of memories that help inform the reader of Aubrey's life prior to when we first meet her. I adored that the memories are told in the present-tense, hinting that this is a girl whose past is presently more real than her present. Further driving home the point that after dealing with a significant catastrophe, it is SO hard to move on and that sometimes it may even feel like we haven't or possibly won't ever.
I really don't like hearing about what everyone thinks about movies before I go to them, I think that's part of the reason I go to midnight showings of movies that I *REALLY* want to see...
Yes folks, the construction company that is allegedly owned by Calder Hart is currently doing business under the People’s Panchayat Government.
Every now and then they just have to shrug their shoulders and say we don’t know what’s wrong and we don’t know what else to do, so you’ll just have to live with it*. Now excuse me I have more patients to see.
When we arrived at 11.15am everyone had been waiting around for 45 minutes for Police or Mainroads or someone to come and block the road off. Unfortunately, Police didn’t arrive until 11.30am and cars had been driving through the mess for quite a while. We got some fantastic interviews from two extremely angry people whose cars had around 1-2 inches of tar/gravel attached to their tires. I don’t blame them for being so furious considering how hard a time the workmen were having getting it off the tires. Another woman who didn’t want to go on camera was on work time and her 2-year-old car had scratches down the side of it from where the road had pulled up and scratched it.
Well, this morning I discovered it is a real place! It does exist. And I am its newest resident!!
I think my lucky stars for Eddie and Mya.
I found this on the side not to long ago.
We used the same trim molding from the front as a support of sorts for the shelf to rest on. We secured the trim with LOTS of nails and screws (in as many studs as we could find) so there wouldn't be any chance of the shelf falling. We cut the shelf pretty tight too so it definitely wouldn't budge. There was concern that over time it would bow in the middle because of its weight so we added a piece of trim molding across the front to help stabilize it...and make it look prettier.
He walked into a pink house festooned with a ran-over gate and scattered trash on the lawn. Loud music rattled my car windows. I snapped a few more pictures, got out of the car, and started to walk up the street. I looked at the spot I wanted to land and shifted to it in a flash.
So I've decided that I'm going to try to broadcast every Monday. Monday's my regular day off, so I really should have something to do art wise on that day every week, whether it's my animation or some traditional art.
1 coke
Think how many pasties that would buy.
This paper argues for a shift to a more task based approach to customer needs – one where the problems customers are trying to solve in particular contexts forms the focus of the innovation process. This is because for a customer, current products and services are merely solutions that at that time enable them to solve problems, and tomorrow something else may come along to help execute the task in a better way. A transistor radio, a portable cassette player and an MP3 player, for example, all help customers with the task of listening to music while on the go.
(Funny how I call them my kids. Never thought I'd be "that teacher".)
Fernandes also questioned MAHB’s recent move to build a 3.96km third runway at the new LCCT called KLIA2 in Sepang, the delay in its completion as well as the escalating cost of building KLIA2.
I have been to many of the California Missions, but this trip was the first time to Mission Santa Barbara. In fact my first trip to actually stop in Santa Barbara. I had been through SB many times on the way north and south, but never had actually stopped to see the town or mission.
See you later,
Go ahead and click on that link and you’ll see an excellent example of what even a simple meta-analysis is supposed to do. As it turns out, there are a number of recognized “experts” in picking baseball prospects — Keith Law at ESPN, Baseball America, Kevin Goldstein at Baseball Prospectus, and so on. Now each of these people share a pretty common set of background principles, but they’re all different in their approaches, and so each one will put out “prospect lists” that differ slightly from each other.
I desire to be with you, myself is what I supplied
Somehow seems prophetic…
My heart is mine
430pm- 4 bun-less burgers, almonds
A must read for advertising professionals
Of course, it’s pretty arrogant of Sarko to assume he can just walk into a monastery and become a monk. What makes him think he’s got the required aptitude? If I were the abbot, I’d tell him to check into his local YMCA wearing nothing but a goat-hair robe and a pair of sandals. If he can survive for six weeks without agitating the other residents or scratching beneath the habit, he might be suitable for the monkish way of life.
I was recently contacted by Attune Foods and asked if I would review their Probiotic Chocolate Bars. I had never heard of Attune Foods before - so I did some research and asked lots of questions. They also have granola and granola bars in their line - but those are not gluten free. Their only products that are gluten free at this time are the chocolate bars. And the only ones that are casein free as well are the 3 dark chocolate varieties. If you are also soy free - which I know many of my readers are - this product is not for you - all 3 of the bars I tested clearly stated that they contain soy.
2: I can’t, I’m in a Russia
See needed a song that would have authenticated her sound, instead of the look on stage.
All the same, I must admit having a soft spot for the McDonalds hamburger chain. This has nothing to do with their product, which is pure hog-swill as far as I’m concerned. No, it’s entirely because of those famous TV commercials starring Ronald McDonald in a clown’s costume, making an ass of himself with a flock of frolicking infants. Call me a sentimental old ape, but this takes me back to my circus days, when making the kiddies laugh was very much a way of life – not to say an economic necessity – for me and my workmates.
then Thursday last, the castle.
The initial thought of irony does not escape me as I begin to muse about the fact that a raging storm actually brings me peace and happiness. People talk about the calm before the storm, but this is different. This is peace and calm in the epicenter of the storm. Now, just to be clear, I am not talking about the types of deadly storms that have so violently ravaged different communities all around our world and taken so many wonderful souls from the earth. I am quite certain there would be less peace or calm in that type of storm, and I thank God that I have never had to experience that type of destruction and fear. As my mind continues to wrestle with this irony, however, I move beyond merely observing the world around me for what is actually happening to seeing the events unfolding before me as a metaphor for life.
the reason why i like GEO lens is that, they have a authenticate code that you can type in on their website to ensure that you got real circle lens, because fake ones can make you blind, and thats why i like GEO, cuz i can check if i bought the real on or not~~~
Love her bird and pig!
All I can come up with is that unschoolers embrace an alternative culture. The thing is, our alternative culture is actually limited to our educational and parenting philosophies. Beyond that, our philosophies are varied and often pretty mainstream. Many of the moms stay home with the kids, and many of the working parents are part of corporate America. We drive minivans. We take the kids to soccer games and t-ball practice and ballet lessons and so on. Most of our kids use computers and play a lot of video games and have heaps of plastic toys.
I’m really loving using lime as the primary flavor enhancer. It wakes up produce (and the palate) without having to resort to sugar or salt. Better still, it makes me feel refreshed rather than deprived. This morning lime juice was the supporting player in a parfait reinterpretation of fruit salad. An award-winning performance, I’d say, enough so that I expect to repeat it as soon as tomorrow.
Batch 006 - St. Defibaugh Special Ale - This has been in bottles for about 3 weeks and just starting to carb up. I'm really happy with how it tastes - it's like eating some incredibly sweet gingerbread cookies while smoking a clove cigarette. I give it 2 months before it's ready, 10 before it's at its peak.
3. You will receive one entry per card for our monthly drawing. Use a Woodware USA image, and you will receive a bonus entry.
Logos in Jiu Jitsu don’t differ that much. An animal in a gi or a variation on a triangle seem to be the most common. Other geometric shapes can also be seen academy logos, particularly if they evoke Japanese mon. For gi companies there’s always the series of Brazilian, U.S., and Japanese flags to fall back on. Another common logo design in Jiu Jitsu is the two poorly drawn men grappling, which inevitably appears to the general public to advertise a club for aficionados of unfortunate subtext. I think my personal favourite bad logos include those that incorporate the head instructor’s tattoos, and anything with a dog in it (I have a soft spot for the original Carlson Gracie bulldogs, though).
That would be Cheri's engagement ring....
4. Experimentation - a part of every employee's work In order to develop a culture of experimentation, H. James Wilson and Kevin Desouza suggest that "organizations should provide employees with a multitude of opportunities to question, observe, and engage in new experiences." Some key strategies are:
Inside of the Easter Card. I keep it simple letting the beautiful words from Helen Steiner Rice's 'An Easter Prayer' pass on a special message to a few of my special online friends. The sentiment is just one of 10 that will be available on my new word art sheet 'Easter 2'. So keep your eye out for the upcoming word art sheet appearing in my digital store.
Joyce’s focus here is rendering these lives without idealizing them, and exploring the psychology that drives these people, as well as the impact the smallest of events can have. “A Painful Case” is, perhaps, the most poignant of these, focusing on the meticulous introvert Mr. Duffy and his wonderful friendship with Mrs. Sinico, which he brutally ends after she gives him an innocent display of affection. Four years later, he learns of her descent into drink and her death at the hands of a train, and realizes the damage he’s done to her and to himself, cutting him off from the rest of the world. It’s these failures that Joyce is interested in; both failing something and being a failure. “Counterparts”, where a man stands up to his boss but suffers humiliation during the drunken revelry, ends in his failure as a father, as he beats his son. “The Dead”, which is much better than the frankly bone-dry film adaptation of it led me to suspect, focuses on a failure to connect to those around them. Perhaps I’m just sensitive to this topic after my four viewings of The Social Network, but it makes this almost hundred-year-old text feel human, and that’s important, too. Our trappings may change, we may have more and more opportunities to connect, but we’re still fallible in so many different ways. That sounds very depressing, but in a way, Dubliners is very depressing; it holds a window up to then-contemporary life and points out how unflattering it is. (Unflattering is really the right word for this collection, except it’s not always a bad thing. Unflinching has something too heroic about it.)
3. It’s fun. I spent Saturday afternoon cutting and sticking and it felt just like the rainy weekends I had as a child.
Synthesis takes the ark into the paradise of the mind
Today as I remember Mrs. Donaldson, I she her smiling down on the world proud of who were have become as adults and joyous to know she was a beautiful blessing to the world. Rest peacefully, sweet jewel and gift, one of my favorite teachers, Mrs. Donaldson.
The following are part of the research materials I gathered in order to ask an informed question. I tried to be as fair and as diplomatic as I could when asking my question without losing anything important in my question.
None of this has made a blind piece of difference. Indeed the combined attempt to insult and belittle us has driven even more towards us.
Next, you need to work out what are your most pressing needs, the things that need to be put in place from year 1. See my earlier post for an idea of the contents of A Well Appointed Gentleman’s Wardrobe. If you have not been measured recently it is a good idea to get yourself measured because Size Does Matter. It is pointless to build a wardrobe filled with ill-fitting clothing.
I played Oblivion for the second time since February today.
Better Facebook and twitter integration:
Data Form 1 would not save like I created it so it is in PDF format. If you would like to have an editable form, please email me and I will see what we can do. I am leaving the 2nd form in the editable format so you can change it to fit your needs.
The dance/concert is chem-free and for all ages; those younger than 14 must be accompanied by a guardian. Admission will be $5 at the door.
instead i saw and felt a collection of things
To the innermost heart of their own land they are known
Life formed from the light of her own song
By your continual warmongering and savage Islamic conduct towards the innocent people of Great Britain you have clearly shown that you have well and truly crossed the line of acceptable, tolerable behaviour in our civilized Western society. Look at the failed ‘Tiger Tiger’ car bombing and the failed Glasgow attack by your Al Qaeda brothers as a prime example of your continued high impact acts of murderous Islamic warmongering aggression against us and the innocence of our society.
Our days together. Just ordinary, beauiful moments that make up a lifetime of living as a family. Not so different from yours, yes?
Accommodation
I gotta tell you – BP and the U.S. government don’t seem to have the region’s best interests at heart. If they do, I’d sure love to hear their explanation for all of this seemingly duplicitous and careless behavior. Okay, enough.
Gary the Goat has just done a little bleat outside our cave. He is the most low-maintenance travelling partner you could ever imagine. So long as you give him a bit of old tree and a splash of water every now and then he is happy. He is sleeping on top of Jimbo’s car.
I've been home these few days but I haven't been blogging coz for the past few days my arm have been painful with what I presume to be carpal tunnel from excessive mouse use? (Thank god I'm not a man or I will be accused of excessive masturbation right now)
Dogma (1999)
I will do these as occasional posts
Luke 3:21-22
Nuzzling your neck. Heaven is a kiss.
‘Moving Forward’ completes the trio of new tracks with a slightly mellower and more melodic flow, though the aggression especially from Lambesis and Manino never wanes. It is hard to think of a better contrasting and complimenting vocal duo than Lambesis and Gilbert anywhere their balance perfect more often than not. As with the first two songs this is impressive and continues the quality and levels of music from the previous album The Powerless Rise. There is no discernable progress from that release to be fair but as they sound this good not sure that matters.
GINGRICH: Well, it would depend on whether the particular kind of payments he made were counted under that plan as capital gains or whether they were counted as regular income. But even as regular income, he would pay about the same. And I’ve said this.
So I went into this with low expectations. I’m not a Micky fan and have only seen 1.5 episodes of SKKS; Ha Ji Min is pretty but I’ve yet to complete any of her dramas; the poster looked kind of silly and I’m not really that into strange sci-fic machinations. But after an unintentional 3-month hiatus from kdramas and getting bored with my usual American procedurals, I decided it was time to get back into the unique world of Korean drama storytelling. So what did I think?
This is an excellent shampoo for long and frizzy hair or short hair.
2 tomatoes
I do believe that God tests you.
sight to behold!
We have been on the hunt for a mid century credenza/buffet/dresser for a little bit for her living room and wouldn’t you know, I found the perfect one yesterday.
3. Amy's Aunt Sharon might appear.
I also found some really cute stuff at Joanne's for my classroom. The theme of my classroom is bugs/ladybugs. I always get really cute garden bugs to put in my classroom at the end of the summer. We went today and I couldn't let these two little guys go. The owl doesn't really go with the decor, but I will find him a good home.
Games include:
We are the kings (and queens) of… ‘almost’ and ‘soon’ and ‘now-is-not-the-right-time’.
“Not a sound”
Stones with Ronnie Wood (up until Bill Wyman left)
So what is the problem with Gobies and why are they such a big deal? I personally have noticed that they spawn like crazy, eat other species food and eggs, and survive in almost all climates. To prove my observation “Once round gobies arrive they can become the dominant fish species. Round Gobies prefer rocky, shallow areas, but have flourished in a variety of habitat types. Regardless of the habitat, round Gobies are very aggressive fish that compete with native fishes for food and space. Anglers who fish in areas with round Gobies often find that the gobies steal their bait and appear to be the only type of fish in the area”(USGS). Gobies make it hard for fish close to extinction to survive and affect the population of other fish previously thriving.
And perhaps most of all I would love to perfect my knitting. It really is a pity that I did not learn to knit very well while I still lived with my mother and grandmother, who are both very good knitters (although now somewhat out of practice). But... I will be waiting for a chance to present itself, then seize it!
Thursday 5/17 - 2 Double Pale Ale real ale casks at McCoy's. One with Amarillo hops, the other with Cascade. This will be a great opportunity to compare a couple of the more popular American hop varieties, side-by-side.
4. A lawyer drumming up business by chasing ambulances is considered in poor taste, but a hearse driver drumming up his own business in crosswalk should probably be illegal. A Macomb County man was struck by a hearse today…
So...let her go? In pain? Maybe a lot of pain? Or put two more grand on my credit card - because in no way can I pay this outright - so it can happily join the car repair debt from a month ago? For a cat that is - despite being fairly spry - OLD?
1. Pride and Prejudice – Jane Austen *
The bottom line is that these “Magisterial Fundies” (as Rick DeLano has taken to calling himself) once again flip magisterial documents completely on their head. When commenting on the decree of 1633 against Galileo, they ignore the Church’s dictum that canonical condemnations are to be interpreted strictly, that is to say, as narrowly and affecting as few people as possible. They instead seek to interpret that decree broadly, affecting as many people as possible. And now, when Pope Leo XIII (and after him Pius XII) lay out broad principles to be applied to questions of apparent conflict between Scripture and physical science, the MFs want to interpret those as narrowly as possible.
First published in October, 2007
Then there are the mustangs. You can wonder why Gable doesn't realize that he, himself, is the reason there are no more wild mustangs in the canyon. His attitude in roping them, so casual about animal life, tells us he's a true cowboy and maybe cowboys--courageous and insane as they are--are all sociopaths. Maybe all hunters and soldiers have to be, on some level, immune to their fellow creature's suffering. Gable's blind to having drained the bottle, presuming it must have deeper personal significance, hinging on Marilyn. But Marilyn knows those poor mustangs are just like her, caught in the thresher of dirtbag desire. The horses bring money for booze which the cowboys feed to her in an effort to get her into bed. Guido then offers to free them if it means her can get her into bed (thus 'landing') which skeeves MM and us all out, and Clift is just too sensitive, like Marilyn, to deal with the pain they cause. He likes her for who she is, not as something to brand.
One of the great narratives of New York City in the late 19th century is the dominance of the Democratic Tammany Hall machine in controlling city politics, often seeped in deep corruption.
This is not one of those times.
While I was not sure that my boys or I had caused the scratch, I apologized. He mimicked, “Sorry, sorry.” What did this man want? I asked him and at some point he told me to pull my car up. What? There was a brick wall in front of us and besides, what was the point of that request? I refused. He continued yelling and went and stood behind my car. Was he going to scratch up my car with his key, hold me there? I had no idea. I asked him, “What are you doing?” After a minute or so, he moved away. As I left, I apologized again and he was still yelling.
We are love and time.
The 1930s had seen a rise in fascism and had elicited a robust response from the anti-fascist league. However, now the anti-fascist league had been found wanting and divided. Worse they seemed incapable of delivering a local message that resonated with disenchanted voters.
Please enter from May 11-17th.
Adam was lonely
What God does give Christians, is the assurance that he knows what we’re going through because he has experienced it himself.
The young undertaker's assistant dropping his small change all over the carpet in front of the coffin trolley. My uncle's look of resigned disdain.
Tomorrow I will bring her to the café to meet wonderful Flora and Sarah.
I have also discovered a new game that I should have discovered . . . a long time ago. A game called Minecraft, created 2009 from a man named Notch. It is a game, where you’re in an undefinable world/planet, like Earth, where everything is made out of squares except on occasions the monsters and animals (funny: the sun and moon is shaped like a square xD), and you have to basically build things and survive. There would be three different difficulties. The first one would be peaceful, where all of your materials such as: pickaxes, shovels, swords, TNT, fences, wooden blocks are immediately made for you and you have no risk of dying. That’s pretty cool and all, but I would prefer the second difficulty: Survival mode. This version is just like peaceful, except you have to gather all of your resources and craft them and also on most occasions find animals to make food of so you won’t starve to death.
Vanity. You want the prestige (whatever it may be) of signing with a legacy house.
Just one personal example: I play the banjo, and hardly ever do I mention this fact without being answered by the ominous opening notes of “Dueling Banjos,” the only banjo tune most people can name, and accompanying off-color remarks.
"Lee Chang-dong's Poetry is the kind of film I would have squirmed my way through had I been forced to watch it when I was younger. It's a slow film, filled with quotidian details that summarize the life of a 66 year old woman in the early stages of Alzheimer's disease. Its main plotline, summarized in its title, follows her changing perceptions once she starts taking a class in writing poetry at her local community center. The movie is a good deal darker than that might suggest, because in learning to see with language--particularly with language that she's losing--she begins to see some very dark things around her. I'll come back to that in a bit, though. First, I need to point out that my younger self was an idiot. She wouldn't have responded to the gentle, but implacable insistence of this movie because she was impatient. She wanted things to happen in a hurry. It would have been her loss. As with the protagonist of Poetry, spending a lifetime with movies eventually does teach one to see, if you're up to it.
But things don't turn out the way Sadye had hoped. What happens when your whole life is about pursuing a dream -- and you find out that you don't have what it takes?
Is through the use of cosmic Jacquard punch cards of the old loom
My reason for not using the word “Consultant” in your title is that it’s directly going against your reason for updating your profile, assuming you are looking for future full-time employment, is that when staffing professionals search for you on LinkedIn they will often assume that you are seeking future consulting roles.
& heavens would thank you, or they should
And blank impotent rage
Naturally, when British Prime Minister David Cameron and French President Nicolas Sarkozy recently gave speeches or expressed their opposition to “multiculturalism”, it made news when it turned out they were appalled by the failure of this idiotic concept. Germany’s Chancellor, Angela Merkel, had already expressed that opinion.
At other times, she spread her wings open in the bright sunshine,
& bedposts creak in rhythm
Welcome to motherhood, my darling.
The clues are there. The dark mesh radiator grille, ringed by bright metal. The aggressive lower bumper with its three air intakes. The dark rear valance, with its twin exhaust tailpipes shaped into an elongated, side-on figure eight. And one further small, but significant detail: a red enamel Bentley winged ‘B’. These are the tell-tale signs of an all-new Bentley, powered by a 4.0 litre V8 engine.
Is Mise is a Facebook page “By, For, and About Women” managed by Tracy Livingston a cultural anthropologist. She has wonderful posts and I highly recommend “liking” her page if you are on Facebook.
It’s very interesting that I’ve run across this subject multiple times in the last couple days. Yesterday, I read the end of Luke’s gospel (who also wrote Acts), which concludes with the ascension. Then I started listening to a sermon by Timothy Keller on the ascension (I’m only about halfway through it, but it is very good), and now Tabletalk is addressing it.
Don’t get me wrong. I think aging is a gift, after all, there’s only one other alternative.
MPs can also help their constituents with problems such as bizarre tax bills that the HMRC won’t admit are wrong, or problems with hospitals or immigration. They can do this by making private enquiries or by raising the problem publicly in the House of Commons.
Bar Harbor Bank and Trust for vital sponsorship of this year's event.
I remember when I was in elementary school. We use to have to walk to school in knee-deep snow and then walk home when the snow was even deeper. It was uphill both ways too. But while I was at school I knew that the teachers and principals were people who had the same basic values that my parents did. Basically they demanded respect, effort, and adhering to specific values. Those values were biblical and no one ever complained about it because biblical values are what our laws are based on and they promote hard work along with compassion.
One person quoted in the article politely said, “The discrepancy between a better performing US stock market and continued uncertainty amongst retail investors demonstrates a continued lack of confidence in the market.” Another added, “It appears that investors are saying they’d rather settle for a low but knowable return than risk greater losses in stock funds.” In other words, bonds instead of stocks.
STOTT DJ, KERR G, CARMAN WF. Nosocomial transmission of influenza. Occup Med 2002; 52: 249-253.
The metaphor is used again in describing the other significant relationship in Clare's past, that with her sister Nora who married into the the right wing of South African politics. This time it used to explain the twisted ethics of the ruling white class and the crucial difference between Clare and her sister.
It takes more courage to reveal insecurities than to hide them, more strength to relate to people than to dominate them,more “manhood” to abide by though t-out principles rather than blind reflex. Toughness is in the soul and spirit, not in muscles and an immature mind.
I am pleased to announce that I will be back on the radio with Acceleration Radio a week from today, Thursday – 7 to 9 pm (CST) We have had a steady stream of emails asking when the show would return and now, thanks to CJ and the staff at LBN, we are proud to be part of their line up.
When designing our home, I dreamed of a little breakfast room with a window where we could enjoy our weekend mornings, lingering over the table with a cup of coffee and the paper or a magazine. The room would also double as a place for casual dinners and easy get-togethers with friends.
The book starts out with an attack on culture jamming as a useless tool of resistance pointing out that it is not a threat to capitalism but also and most importantly culture jamming in itself is a market with organisations such as adbusters. It goes on to point of the hypocrisy in many of these campaigns with passages like the following
I was reminded of how important this idea of faith without mandate was to me again just last week when I read that Governor Perry had spent a weekend retreating privately with 200 evangelical church leaders for the purpose of giving his faith statement. Of having it vetted. Of making promises about how that faith would translate into action, running mates, platforms. Now, I have no idea what Governor Perry believes. He may be a true saint. He may be an ordinary guy who’s smart enough to know how much money a presidential bid takes. He may be evil incarnate. I really couldn’t say. But I believe there’s something very wrong about a person using his claim to faith to buy votes. Maybe I was guilty of the very same thing when I offered to try to win business with my “Christian credentials.” Maybe those of us who walk down this road and find themselves, on occasion, on the front lines, need an extra measure of protection from our lesser angels.
The instructions suggested I dress the yoke with ribbon. I muttered about having no ribbon, and fruitlessly searched some boxes. Littlest turned up, and suggested that I use the ribbon she was wearing - ribbon from a giftbox that she inexplicably had tied around her waist. Well, it was her dress - who was I to decide what shade of ribbon?
There hasn't been much time for stitching indulgence since we arrived back home. Washing, ironing, shopping and having visitors have filled the last couple of days, but a couple of nights in front of the Telly have given me time to work on this:
In today’s reading from John’s gospel, we’re told that Jesus was troubled in his soul.
Law of faith
I am so excited. I entered this photo in the 'Kids with Pets' photo contest, and now I am one of the finalists to be chosen for this weeks winner! How cool is that? Please go here to vote for my photo. Click on the 'vote for me' button under the picture. You have until March 20th, and you can vote everyday!
Now that I have this down, I KNOW I won't try to computer generate sentiments in such a TIGHT space!! All in all, a FUN card to make!!! It does take a custom envelope. I will share in another post how I did that.
The top five intersections Day’s report has recommended for improvements are: Fairview/Maple; Fairview between Drury Lane and Guelph Line; Waterdown Road between Flatt Road and Ireson Road; Plains Road between Francis Road and King Road; and Corporate Drive/Mainway.
31 than
Jonathan placed 7th, with what we all thought was a pretty good time, but I think he was hoping to do better. (Hint: this may be a safe rule of thumb – if he didn’t come in first, he was probably hoping to do better.)
Nine gay teenagers all committed suicide in the month of September, victims of homophobic bullying - and one, right here in Utah, committed suicide just two days before Boyd K. Packer (who is basically next in line to be prophet) gave his anti-gay speech to an audience of millions.
The Perfect Amount of Detail.
Now in the Waking you must save him . . .When an ancient tapestry bearing the likeness of her beloved Highlander arrives on her doorstep, Jane is whisked back in time to fifteenth-century Scotland, to the castle of Dun Haakon on the isle of Skye, where she is given one chance to save her dream lover . . . or lose him forever to the Unseelie king.
“Dinner and a movie.”
We only recognize he’s there when we need him because we undervalue what we have to bring to the relationship.
I've been a gearhead for almost as long as I've been making up stories. In my misspent youth, I used to devour every issue of Road & Track. The first thing I would read in every issue was the column by Peter Egan, called Side Glances. The columns easily equaled (and many times even surpassed) the thrilling racing reports, luscious Lamborghini photos, and retrospectives on such classics as the '38 Phantom Corsair. Side Glances often had humorous stories about old sports cars (usually British) combined with little nuggets of wisdom about life. It always related to cars in some way, but you never knew exactly where it would end up. A side glance as you travel down the road of life, I guess.
-A.D.
Fishing is also the most tedious ass activity ever. Click Cast, wait for bobber to bob, click bobber to catch fish, repeat for hours and hours. As usual, somehow They trick me into performing this massively mundane task solely so I can fill up a progress bar. This is not the first, or even the tenth, game in which I’ve spent hours in this manner (future posting to detail my 2004 trek of leveling to 99 in the first reactor of Final Fantasy VII. Yes, I did it. Yes, I’m an idiot. No, I wasn’t the first to do it. Props to f1madman on Gamefaqs for that. Jerk beat me by a week.)
Two years ago my eyes freaked out and I took a break from contacts. I mentioned how I don't like wearing glasses (I really think my mom taking off her glasses for pictures is really what sent me the message that glasses are bad), but it seems like it will become more frequent as time goes on. My eyes freaked out yet again a few weeks ago, one eye was blurry. It's frustrating because I really was being careful, taking my contacts off as soon as I got home from work and wearing my glasses on weekends. The doctor said it was an inflamed cornea, and we'd talk about contacts once it's better. I got gel to keep it from scaring, which I applied dutifully, since a scar on my eye sounds like some serious business.
But a DNA test found out otherwise: Dell, not Forstmann, was the father. Yet Dell’s name is nowhere to be found on the baby’s birth certificate.
And you can do it!!
75ml water or lemon juice – I used water
The Great Eastern Shipping Co. Ltd., Oil & Gas Deals By Type, 2006 to YTD 2012 6
Today was freeeezing wtf? I was unprepared and left the house in only a boyfriend blazer and a sleeveless lace top. It was a hard journey to the mall and back...but I survived :)
And the agony is I won't be able to say a word about it! Ah well, after November 1st I'll be free to talk about YA fiction as much as I like.
Different cultures are different.
It is also related how Solomon in his wisdom offered a sacrifice for the dedication and the completion of the temple.
I can’t imagine that Cody, at a robust 374 and looking like THAT, is going to impress many scouts.
John walks into the church a completely changed man, free of all the things that crippled him.
I think if we really slowed down or stopped we’d get in such a headspin we wouldn’t know how to get out of bed.
Check out the building that Bliss Ranch purchased. Formerly it was a Barber Shop and with the sale of the building came and awesome sign, an antique cash register, barber tools and the barber chair.
The good news is that I've been cooking up a storm this year...!
I believe in the Holy Spirit, the holy catholic Church, the communion of saints, and the forgiveness of sins. Amen.
Have you checked out my fundraiser for White Rock Marathon and Texas Scottish Rite Hospital for Children??? I have a HUGE GIVEAWAY going on, and right now, your chances of getting a prize are pretty spectacular. I'll be picking FOUR winners every Friday (yes, I know it's Saturday, I'm a smidge delayed cause I had to pick up the hubs from the airport).
Today, there are still some great attractions on the hill, including Eden Park, the Cincinnati Art Museum, a few theaters, and numerous restaurants and bars. It's unfortunate that as in many other cities, car-driven transportation planning worked to effectively fragment the city by building big freeways through the middle of it. Here's a USGS photo from a website called Cincinnati-transit net, with a yellow line showing the site of the former funicular. The website has lots of great pictures of the Mt. Adams Incline and the other Cincinnati inclines, although it doesn't look as if there have been any posts recently.
After the program, you can purchase books (if you want—certainly not required!) and get them personalized for you and/or your loved ones. (Did I mention that books make great gifts?)
She seems to mean business.
I will never have the happiness i see them with
About a half hour later, Samuel had drifted off to sleep but was woken and sat up. His back was covered in hives. Kevin and I were shocked to see the reaction had come back and was worse than before. We called for the PA and sat and watched as more hives appeared on his face, neck and torso. It was wild to see them just pop up so quickly.
5) I love it here, I hate it here...
OK, well I'll be off now - thanks loads for visiting me and any comments you might leave, I really appreciate each and every one. TTFN.............xx
Here’s what it’s supposed to mean:
I quickly reloaded my winchester, and realized I was gettin' low on ammo. I had a .45 for back-up with a few extra clips, but even if every shot I made was a head shot I wouldn't have enough ammo to stop all the zombies, and I was gettin' tired.
Level 4: Mastery: +18%, Accuracy: +24.
The Malayan Tigers began their onslaught on the oblivious-looking Gunners right from the start, when Mohd Aidil Zafuan shot from the middle of the field squarely into the helpless Gunners’ goal. None of the visitors could do anything, seeing how the ball travelled at the speed of light.
Around the Block
The Blue Scholar Blog wants to know what you think. Please feel free to express your opinion by leaving a comment.
“In a hurry?” Freydolf inquired. His tone was teasing, but he was already setting aside his tools and loosening his apron ties.
There was mention of the excellent Coffee Revolution, although nowt about the best caff in Byram Arcade and best restaurant the Thai Sakon.
Fuzzy feelings can disintegrate into feelings of hatred.
I was over the moon when the heavens opened, because I hadn't yet gotten around to the mulching of the newer garden beds. So it was very serendipitous that the ground got a lovely soaking just before I visited the nursery to get some bags of sugar cane mulch. I didn't have to use up precious water to do the job.
Poppy worked out that she could have 1 overcoat, 1 jacket, 1 raincoat, 1 skirt, 1 pair of shorts, 1 pair of trousons, 1 pair of shoes, 5 pairs of knickers, 1 cardigan, 2 blouses and 8 pairs of socks.
In a written statement, he said she was trying to smear two Jewish performers and the Deir Yassin Scholarship Fund he leads.
9:20 construction at the front of city hall, sign says "use back door." back door? I never even knew, now how to find the back door! great!
I just hope the Bills win the Superbowl before then.
Finally add the vada balls in the curry...
But this isn't really so much about what I drank as how I drank it. While at school, my two main concerns cocktail-wise (aside from catching a nice buzz) amounted to:
- G/L Support to the Finance & Accounting Manager in preparation of statutory annual accounts and income tax return;
On the lighter side “going Greek” can have a similar meaning to “going Dutch” only that in the case of the Greek no bills are shared and the invitee cops the lot, much like the Greece-Euro bailout as the urban dictionary kindly puts it! On the ruder side “going Greek” also refers to a rather compromising sexual position with lube or better still Greek olive oil required which until now had escaped my knowledge. Who knew! It certainly put a new twist on my thoughts at lunch today as I sat eating my Greek salad!
If you're going to get stuck in an airport for any length of time then I can recommend Schiphol. Spacious and plenty of facilities, I spent several hours reading, writing and (after the purchase of a pair of headphones) some listening. Also some people watching. Fascinating to see so many people in their late teens or early twenties dressed with references to the 60s and 70s. One girl even had one of those freak flag pendents swinging around her neck.
For empty words and promises lead broken hearts astray
We saw a small sign for a "Porch Sale" along the way and had to stop for a look. . . . . .
“In the end, the Megaupload prosecution demonstrates that SOPA advocates are inevitably going to win. The content owners’ ire toward ‘foreign rogue websites’ combined with the administration’s willingness to break the law, if necessary, to keep content owners happy, leads to lawless outcomes like the Megaupload prosecution and ICE’s domain name seizures,” he concludes.
as a high schooler, i rarely dated and quietly mocked the girly girls, gossiping about each other and shopping at the mall. i only went to one dance that was actually with a boyfriend. the only time i got asked was by guys that were friends, whose first choices said no. that sums it up in a nutshell.
"Where did you come from?" the mice asked him. "And what do you know?" They were most inquisitive creatures.
This weeks' giveaway comes from a self proclaimed organizing junkie... Laura Wittmann. Laura is an author and blogger of "I'm an organizing junkie" who is passionate about sharing her organizing tips and tricks. She is the reason I became so interested in organizing my own home. I have been a reader of her blog for about 3 years and love visiting it every day.
Copen's statement does reflect typical practice. However, George Locker, a lawyer who represents 15 of the remaining 55 tenants in the project footprint, contends there's another reason: to evict his clients, who live in FCR-owned buildings but are protected by rent-stabilized leases.
I’m not going to make a fortune, (I just about break even as the wine and aperos etc, are all included) but it pays for my habit, which is buying and cooking food and saves the Artist from having to eat it all by himself (all be it with a little help from Ralph!)
Hundred Acres Manor
My husband, with the help of our angelic neighbors, took out the old set of stairs (which started at the back of the house) and created a whole new set which now leads up at the front.
