In the meantime, happy Fat Tuesday (pancakes & syrup). Happy Mardi Gras.
The design team has created some beautiful eye candy for you! Please link up your project using Mr. Linky below and if you are SCS use the code CCC 102.
In large bowl with electric mixer, cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Add eggs one at a time. Mix in vanilla.
I imagine that you are aware that ILuvSA, is not exactly considered a 'liberal' blog; to the contrary. It has a focus and a mission.
We are planning a home-birth, so this should be the first true “native” of Merrymeeting. Korin is tired, but we are still in the usual routine and she is still teaching. All of the appointments show everything going very well, and she has passed the 37 week mark so the baby is officially at full term. Lyndi is excited to be a big sister, and we have the front room all set for the new arrival. Her and Mav are looking forward to the new addition to the family!
Seriously - such an easy and yummy dinner. But in my book, you really can't go wrong with anything covered in pesto.
“(But) villagers could never fly before. We have worked so hard to make flying affordable and 130 million people have flown due to us. Why are these members of parliament not questioning the cost of airports and fighting for lower taxes for the rakyat?” he wrote.
I giggle, in that flirty sort of way that Summer has tried to teach me because, as she says, boys like that kind of thing. But it’s not forced because I’m actually enjoying my conversation with Will. “I don’t know,” I say. “And worthy is a pretty strong word. If I’m angry, I usually draw the person who’s angering me and add some sort of blemish. You should see how many portraits of my brother I’ve drawn with various ill-placed moles or a missing eyebrow.” This time he laughs.
Except for Paul’s two travelling companions, Luke and Aristarchus, no one knew of his apostolic authority. But we don’t have that problem for we do not speak the wisdom of this world that comes to naught but the wisdom that is of God.
medium sharp cheddar tying the preparation together, I was again reminded of Fleischman’s talent. I gobbled up a pair soaked in housemade salsa roja an amalgamation of the traditional salsa components, but smoked—naturally—and with a touch of vinegar for balance.
Below, is a tiny part of Brentano's description of Emmerich's vision of Our Lord subjecting Hell to his authority, as found in The Dolorous Passion, chapter 59: -
At work now, who knows what the rest of the visit will bring.
According to MSNBC a San Antonio mother dismembered and ate parts of her 3 1/2 week old baby. Otty Sanchez claims that the devil made her do it. Police Chief, William McManus, said that the scene was so gruesome that he could not really speak about it and that everyone on the scene was shocked and could barely speak.
My favourite drink is water. I just love its taste (for those of you who think water is tasteless – it is not!) I cannot think of any liquid the taste of which could rival good tap water (mineral water isn´t half as good). As a child I used to get seriously annoyed when well-meaning people would try to force Coke/Sprite/orange juice on me, assuming I was only asking for tap water to be modest.
i have choosen
June: Ate capsicum, zucchini, shallots, herbs.
Resenting her fellow travelers like an artist, defiantly turning her nose from the commotion of unruly bus riders, as if not seeing them could logically only mean “they” were not present. Bernadette, was five minutes behind schedule and each minute she spent helping her slow moving passenger was another minute her boss would notice and she still needed to do a thing or two before pushing the big throttle button then pull her big aluminum box out on to the highway. The old bag should be happy she got stuck anywhere, who the hell shows up last minute for the bus and expects a seat? The passengers waiting for departure cast their eyes in any direction other then forward where a caught gaze might be misconstrued as a wink of chivalry, best to look out the window, down your lap, or fake some sudden sleep in order to keep your ass glued to the seat was always the best line of
“That sanctuary looks like it’s been hosed down with Pepto Bismol.”
2. A shutter release cable is mandatory! This is just plain good sense: what good is a tripod if you’re moving the camera at the beginning of the exposure (when you press the button) and at the end of the exposure (when you release it)? Those two vibrations will kill the sharpness. With a cable release, you can sit comfortably, triggering the exposure as long as you’d like, while the camera sits immovable.
Meanwhile, prepare the sauce: 1 to 2 tbsp tomato sauce, 1 tsp chili sauce, 1 tsp soy sauce, 1 tsp sugar, 1 tsp black vinegar, a pinch of salt and mix well with about 4 to 5 tbsp water (or more). Get ready some corn starch solution (to thicken the sauce).
Or school...
Each person who nominated me had the best of intentions–they adore and admire my blog (I know because they said so when they nominated me–and I believe everything I read).
2 cup frozen blueberries
She checked the lateral file in the credenza one more time. She was certain that all of the files were in order. Copies of the audit work programs, for both of the audits she had been working on, were in the first folder. She had initialed all procedures she had completed prior to making the copies. The originals she had already mailed to herself, in-care-of her Uncle, per his instructions. She surveyed the room again. She had removed the last of her personal effects the night before. Nothing remained on the desk except for her time sheet, the telephone and the computer terminal.
Now what do you imagine would happen if some committee came along and announced that they could not just feature images from local African or Asian culture, as that wasn't inclusive or multicultural enough. If they were going to depict images from local children's stories, they would have to also include “The little Prince”, “Sleeping Beauty” and of course “Snow White”. Alternatively, the whole project would have to be abandoned and the walls adorned with Telly Tubbies or strange one eyes blobs like our Olympic mascots which wouldn't offend white Europeans.
And no one ever will
I used me new embossing folder again…LOVE IT! I wanted the cake to be THE focal point, with no other pp etc on the card. Soooo…a few times i have seen creations where ppl have just embossed using the nesties as apposed to cutting things out.Anyhows i decided to try it out as i thought it would go great ! So i tried it and voila! LOVE it! Why did i never try this before??? Right now iam thinking to cut some more cb this size, emboss with the folder, then the nestie. Then they are there ready for when ya want a quickie card , cos all you gotta do then is pop an image in the centre and ya done! (unless ya just can’t help yourself from adding in a bit of ribbon….lol)
Natal, Brazil
It remains to be said that the organs described by Darwin as “primitive” eyes actually possess a complex and irreducible structure that can never be explained by chance. Even in its simplest form, for seeing to happen, some of a creature’s cells need to become light-sensitive-that is, they need to possess the ability to transduce this sensitivity to light into electrical signals; a nerve network from these cells to the brain needs to emerge; and a visual center in the brain to evaluate the information has to be formed. It is senseless to propose that all of these things came about by chance, at the same time, and in the same living thing. In his book Evrim Kurami ve Bagnazlik (The Theory of Evolution and Bigotry), which he wrote to defend the theory of evolution, the evolutionist writer Cemal Yildirim admits this fact in this way:
MIGHT HAVE MISSED THIS. The Dana print newsletter Brain in the News pointed us to an article called "How the Brain Learns," about timing, sensory systems, and neural interconnectivity. Find out about the research -- and about some of the ways the research can apply in the classroom -- at the US News site.
Stephan Cox … Mallock the Malign
It's a simple, yet powerful tale, masterfully told. First time writer/director, Warwick Thornton follows the film's two protagonists, a pair of Aboriginal kids living in a run-down community in Central Australia. Against a backdrop of neglect, a most unlikely love story plays out - one that speaks as much to the resilience of Australia's Aborigines as it does to the casual cruelty with which they are forced to live everyday.
Blockbuster UK has launched a rewards program specifically for gamers called "Blockbuster VIP Gamer" and just by signing up members receive 2,500 points. The idea of the program is to earn these points that can then be used for a variety of perks including discounts on purchases, free rentals, free software, and – if you can amass a large amount of points – free hardware.
Thanks so much for being here! Where can we find you on the web?
Pacing about now, I wonder,
'Hey Mon, the sidebar of your new blog design is all messed up'
Do you recall last January when I wrote about how William had found the daughter he had never met before on facebook? They've had a bit of a rocky relationship in the year they have known each other. She was, after the first few weeks, pretty bitter. He had a lot of blame thrown his way. Totally understandable but a part of me wanted to email her and say "Hey, you are 25 years old. Grow up. The fact that he never knew you was YOUR MOTHER'S choice. He was 17, a total mess and is now 43 and still a bit of a mess. He doesn't need you blaming him for a mistake that he has tried to rectify for years." But I didn't. After all, he's a grown man and can fight his own battles. They didn't talk for a quite a while and then the mother found him on facebook and they started talking. She talked to Michaela, and had her contact William again. So for the last few months they have been in regular contact. She told him she was getting married, and asked him to come to the wedding.
*leftover chocolate chip cookies
2. Wild Swans – by Jung Chang
I’ve been thinking about today’s post. I’ve been looking around the web trying to find just the right word for today when I came across a post where a young woman who has bi-polar disorder described herself as “mentally interesting” instead of mentally ill.
This type of dropoff was a frequent one that Amy, Trevor, and I never tired of; after all, Grandma always had an ecclectic collection of vintage playclothes for us girls--fringey flapper dresses nearly matching our body weight, pale paisley sundresses and aprons, and--a frequent favorite--her own powder blue, knee-length wedding dress. Since we were young, she had showed us how to treat the time-worn zippers and buttons and laces gingerly so as not to have to limit our access to these precious items. In all those years of play, Amy and I never stained a lapel or ripped a seam.
Find each evening something in your day for which to give thanks, and begin each day looking for the new and wonderful in your life. Move, as soon as you can, from wishing to expecting. And as soon as you can, begin to expect the occasional miracle. See yourselves as the magical, miraculous beings that you are and miracles will become the stuff your lives are made of. They will not so much begin to happen as they will begin to be seen. Miracles abound all around you, dear friends. And what you now consider to be miraculous is no more impossible than the miracle which you yourselves are.
But No Nuts wasn’t listening. He fired straight through the open window into a vacant building, then he shot a parked car.
Today's Western Mail leads on a lecture by the Welsh Education Minister in which he indulges in the language of class war to attack his UK counterparts. Leighton Andrews attacked the Conservative-Liberal Democrat Government’s record on education and welfare reform and accused it of a policy of “English exceptionalism” and a failure to consult with the devolved administrations that can be traced back to the public school system.
But we also know that an entire universe of spiritual issues clusters around money. There was a reason why Jesus talked far more about money and possessions than he ever did about prayer or faith. When a pastor asks a congregation to support a capital campaign, or a Christian agency asks the same of its constituency, the people are actually being invited to examine the depth of their spiritual commitment. A faith-based campaign is therefore best seen as an opportunity for spiritual renewal. What better way to launch that renewal than by engaging the people in prayer?
Sir Oliver: OMG HOW DID WE GET OUTSIDE?! *scratches at door* Why won’t this door open? *scratchscratchscratch*
I am not going to put up with this. I urge you all to give up the decision of ever buying a blackberry. It is a backward, shoddy, unreliable device with the worsat customer care service in the world.
1-5 Behold The Child 2:50
Paint color: Benjamin Moore, Abalone
Garnish with lemon slices, cucumber slices or both.
Could these two events be related? I think so. For months, such examples of vigilante justice have been growing more and more frequent in Bamako. Consider these examples gleaned from the Malian press:
5). Comedy Face of the Week. Now, this prize was hotly contested, mostly by Dr. G. I particularly liked the “Bloody hell, this is cold!” face that he pulled when he leapt into the Napa River, and came up spluttering something about how cold the water was. Then there was the face he pulled as his new girlfriend, Yolanda, started to chew on his ear. But, despite his best attempts, he has been pipped at the post by the stick insect with its novelty jumping act. Taking this photo was quite the challenge, since every time I got too close, this leggy insect would leap up into the air. If he was so inclined, he could even throw in a backward somersault, with a half twist.
French distributor MK2 owns the rights to most of Charlie Chaplin’s later works, distributed in North America by Warner Brothers. My copy of Modern Times is among them. This version includes a second disk with substantial archival materials, deleted scenes and a pair of documentaries about Modern Times’ production and Chaplin’s own evolving views on economics and human nature. And lots else. Look for it here:
it’s true I liked nice clothes
Unconvinced, Husband grabbed his keys. "I'm going to go drive around and look for him."
There was a slight post-apocalyptic feel to the trail head.
That tells what's true
At the same time, smaller craft brewers have been swiping consumers from bigger brands, often with novel flavors such as strawberry buckwheat honey or bourbon-barrel-aged beer.
What this quote means is that you have to do more than just dream about accomplishing something great, you have to take steps to make it happen. Constantly dreaming about something will never get you any closer to your dream. At some point, you have to wake up and go from dreaming about it, to actually doing it.
I don't mind admitting that I find the boys the hardest ones to find gifts for at Christmas time... They would disagree and say that's silly... but try asking the men in your life to give Santa a little guidance and I am sure you manage these similar responses... 'Whatever you think of will be perfect'... 'You know me... I am so easy'... 'Something like last year... loved that'... 'Not really sure, but I will let you know...' Are you getting my point? My boys are not helpful at all... maybe they just aren't as in the know as my girls... but I doubt that... The boys... they really are the hard ones...
-Gives a sort of bronzed effect
…there is no reason to expect that complexity will be selectively advantageous at all times and for all species.
Oppel breathes life into all his characters but it’s Ben and Zan that I really came to care about. They both had their qualities and their faults. There is something creepy about the way that Ben approaches his relationships with girls. And when all is said and done, Zan’s strength and temper make him dangerous. Oppel doesn’t romanticize these things, doesn’t excuse them. But you’ll rarely see as loving and devoted brothers. And I dare anyone to read this and claim that Zan is not a person, that he does not have feelings and thoughts.
of triumph and recompense
Wish I were ocean sized.....
The prices have climbed and are
drained down a dawn
Then as soon as you reach perfect ponytail length, chop it off again??
is so much
The Measly Subtraction
TV host: You are calling for him to be executed?
As you know, we're moving, not just to a new town, but to a whole new area, the Lower Mainland of BC to be exact, in a vague kind of way. There is soooooo much to do there. So many wonderful new things waiting for our family to discover. And while we'll be living a little ways away from the West Coast, we're still close enough to enjoy all it has to offer, like two, yes TWO Ikeas, (with a third on the way?) But I better not get started on the shopping side of things (there's a used bookstore in our town! eeeeeeek, and according to Travis when you go shopping the stores actually have things on their shelves, and you don't have to climb over and squeeze around all the stock in boxes, I don't know what that will be like! lol) And that's it for the shopping stuff.
All of a sudden Hina’s body stimulated with a shudder. It was something unbelievable to the people present there. The doctor was called immediately. After check up the doctor was surprised to see Hina was alive. It was startling for one and all. The miracle had happened.
Twitter just now replied to my 3rd complaint I’d filed the very day you got the fake @elizapresley Twitter acct that Flo created deleted ..
Head to the Crest Theatre for an event featuring author Terry McMillan. McMillan is famous for books like, How Stella Got Her Groove Back and Waiting to Exhale. A lecture preview will be held from 6:30-7 p.m.
French Man: "Longs Peak was teasing us, but she stayed hidden."
Stressed out.
Mix the panko and coconut in a shallow bowl.
Though I knew fish was good for your health, I did not know the true extent of its health benefits, especially for your heart. I am not sure many people really understand that extent. Fortunately, I recently attended an event which provided me some fascinating information concerning the health benefits of fish and Omega-3s. In short, most of us should be eating more seafood.
Here is an example of people denying the power and authority of God. I prayed for God to give me a miracle of grass. I sowed the seed and watered the seed and in God’s time my grass grew. Not only did I get the miracle of grass I asked for, God made my trees bloom before anyone else’s on my block. That is the power of God, most people even in the churches look at me like I am crazy for giving thanks and most of all the credit to God for giving me that miracle I asked for. When they think or say that it was not a miracle and they say that it was not God working, it was just nature taking it’s course. They are denying the power of God.
What do you think? I certainly love it but I would love my reader's feedback so please leave me a comment below, it would mean so much!
She added: "Second, the Yankee project should be the canary in the coal mine for local elected officials with proposed projects in their community. Unless local elected officials start to educate themselves on the impacts on major economic development projects, there won’t be any way for the community or the city to hold private interests accountable."
How do you address mode in the exam? I'd suggest tackling it head-on at the earliest stage. You've probably been told how to structure an essay for this question already, but an approach I always like is to use the acronym GASP: Genre, Audience, Subject, Purpose. This allows you to think about the type of texts, who they're aimed at, what they're about, and what purposes they serve; so I'd suggest that mode is dealt with as a concept as part of Genre. For example, you could talk about Text A or B being an example of a spoken mode anecdote, a written mode piece of fiction, a blended mode Twitter timeline, etc..
So then I was thinking how awesome that would be! But wait, what would I even do with such a power?
Anyways, I just wanted to say HELLO to everypup.
He shivered.
About Robert P. DesJardins
It was just me, my friend, and my cafe latte.
"You know I am," I winked.
With the price of natural gas sliding lower and lower, the future of costly green energy grows dimmer and dimmer. The greenies have decided that something has to be done to slow the development of low cost natural gas resulting from the application of new technologies like “fracking.” Or, it’s more technical name hydraulic fracturing.
or throw a party while you're at it,
DESPATCH: Elderly Cathy Petzer (79) assaulted, tied up by three armed black attackers.
just above shifters and on left chain stay; an "Italia: Made in
What do you think? Do you like or think it seems a little too indulgent. A little indulgence is wonderful thing in my rather humble opinion.
Zionist squirrels, of course. Can the arrest of a moose be far behind?
(i) Author unable to give the names,
(I couldn't believe he was going to make me say it out loud!) I was thinking that I would lose one pound a week and if I didn't you could...................you could maybe hold me accountable for it.
Who could pass up an 80 cent English cucumber? I couldn't. I grabbed two of them although they weren't on my shopping list. The label mentioned "pesticide-free" which I had to google when I returned home because I found that description rather confusing. Why pesticide-free and not organic?
Heat sugar with the water and corn syrup in a heavy saucepan over high, stirring occasionally, until syrup is clear; clip a candy thermometer to side of pan and stop stirring.
I'll decide the winner this Sunday.
Getting some fresh air is one of my main resolutions for the coming year. I have many plans, some big and some small, but there are a lot of things that need to change. Like many people, the New Year will see me getting back to my Slimming World plan (I've still been going to the weigh ins), heading back to the gym (with my new kit, water bottle and my new iPhone!!) and generally looking after myself a bit more. B starts pre-school next week so it will be a little extra breathing time for me to achieve some of the things I plan to. I would really like to be able to run outside and one of my aims for the year is to do the 5km Eastleigh Park Run.
I took about 150 photos of the mill; everywhere we turned there were picturesque scenes, and we went through five stories, plus out on the exterior platform. Here are just a few….
I have a problem while I clean/organize; I get caught up in the things I am organizing and so tend to move slowly. Does anyone else share this dreadful downfall?
Styles defeated Dreamer when AJ controlled most of the match, and Tommy was bleeding, EV 2.0 came out and stopped Fortune from interfering, and there was a brawl going on, but Abyss came underneath the ring and gave Tommy a Black Hole Slam behind Earl Hebner’s back, and AJ pinned Tommy for the win.
Fans worried about involving American money and talent in Torchwood, and the effect it would have on the production. They needn’t have, and clearly Starz knew the show they were getting involved with; if anything, Torchwood is bolder here in its outlook than ever before. It’s bloodier and more violent. It’s as bleak as ever. You want gay sex? An entire episode revolves around Jack’s relationship with a man in 1927, featuring some very graphic sex scenes, and an emotionally engaging storyline to go along with it. (It’s certainly not exploitative just for the sake of it.) The only way the show has been “Americanized” is in its look and location, as there’s no mistaking it’s now being made with American money and equipment, with the bulk of it being shot in L.A. (although much of the story is still set in Wales, and the production did spend three weeks there).
My hair was one of the key reasons I dreaded Mother Painefull going away for any length of time. That left Father Painefull and I staring at each other fearfully each morning in the knowledge that he was going to have to plait my hair. Nobody looked forward to that (including the neighbour who would then re-plait my hair as I went past on the way to school). Pity the Housemistress who inherited that problem once I headed off to boarding school.
But that belief is part of the problem, because the general direction of mainstream Christianity has taken a malign and destructive turn. In fact, it has become downright anachronistic on a number of levels. It used to be that the “fundamentalists” and the Catholic Church were the groups accused of looking back to some Golden Age where Christian values and behaviors reigned supreme. This view was considered anti-intellectual and the leading lights sniggered over their dry chablis at the collective stupidity and atavism of such fools.
Dang we’re good. Sometimes it just takes two heads to figure it all out.
Except, spoiler time here, it turns out not to be so true for Sadye. It's a tough realization: she wants to be "The Star" and at best she's in the chorus. It's a hard reality* to face, made tougher as Demi shines. Demi has what it takes to live his dream; and Sadye has to deal with losing hers. Needless to say, Demi increasingly feels "at home" in Wildewood as Sadye feels increasingly the outsider. Can their friendship take this stress?
With counseling I saw the possibility of moving in a new direction.
(2) Please contact your senators as the Senate starts to build their version of the budget. Just as we did in the House, we need to reach out to our senators and share our personal stories of how underfunding the justice system has adversely affected us, our practice and our clients’ lives.
Cancer. That's what.
angel in bright light
For my own novel, which is Sci-Fi/Fantasy Romance, it got me thinking how I could use some type of allergy idea and if it would fit. Despite an advanced technological society, if you are not located someplace with access to it, you could still perish without human intervention. My protagonists are traversing a jungle to reach the main city. While they have medical and technical advances, they are far from civilization. So, an allergy could fit in to my story very well. I have the setting to create tension with this idea.
Our Krsna consciousness movement is that: it is the postgraduate movement of all kinds of religion. We are inviting either Christian or Muslim or Hindus or this or that — we do not mind — “Please come with us and try to love God.” This is Krsna consciousness movement. And the method is very simple. Method is very simple. You chant this holy name: Hare Krsna, Hare Krsna, Krsna Krsna, Hare Hare/ Hare Rama, Hare Rama, Rama Rama, Hare Hare. All these, my students, all of them are Americans, and they come from Christian or Jewish group. None of them came from Hindu or India. But what is the process I have given to them? The process is chant Hare Krsna. It is very simple method. By chanting this mantra… Mantra. Mantra means… The Sanskrit word mantra, man means mind, and tra means deliverance. Mantra means that which delivers you from the mental concoction or hovering on the mental plane. Every one of us is hovering on the mental plane. By mind we are creating so many things: “I shall be happy in this way. I shall be happy in this way. I shall be happy in that way.” But mantra means when you are delivered from that concoction, speculative way of your mind, and you come to the transcendental platform. That is the effect of mantra. So this mantra, this Hare Krsna mantra, is called the maha-mantra. Maha-mantra means the greatest of all mantras. And this is the only suitable mantra for this age. This age is called Kali-yuga. Kali-yuga means the age of disagreement. Nobody agrees. Even husband, wife does not agree, what to speak of others. The father, son does not agree. Nobody agrees with anyone. This is the age like that. So in this age of disagreement you cannot say that this type of religion is nice, that type of religion is nice. That is finished now. You have to take this mantra: Hare Krsna, Hare Krsna, Krsna Krsna, Hare Hare/ Hare Rama, Hare Rama, Rama Rama, Hare Hare. And you’ll find it that very soon you are coming to the light.
Support for the SPX remains at the 1386 and 1372 pivots, with resistance at the 1440 and 1499 pivots. Short term momentum hit an extremely overbought level on friday and has started to pullback. Since the SPX has not made new highs during this recent rally we are still considering the expanding triangle Intermediate wave B, as posted on the hourly chart. Should the SPX continue to rally this count will be eliminated and the Int. wave iv low at SPX 1359, posted on the daily chart, will be preferred. If the SPX makes new highs, this would suggest a potential uptrend high within the OEW 1440 pivot range. The OEW 1440 pivot would align with the upper limits of the Int. wave B scenario in the DOW.
Our focus is on the 2nd segment of the show. We are in Nogalas, Arizona at the US Border Patrol Point of Entry. We are fallowing Deputy George Gonzales and Officer Nathaniel Garcia as they walk down to the actual border to let a Ferrcarrilas De Mexicano (Better known as Ferrmoex) train that is heading to interchange with the Union Pacific come through the border gate. After opening the gate, we fallow Deputy Gonzales to the yard in Rio Rico where they will be inspecting the train after they got some intel that some of the Cement Hoppers (They actually us the proper terms) stayed in Mexico a couple extra days and were in a part of Mexico they were not supposed to be in. The train comes into site with Ferromex ES44AC #4654 (General Electric, Built, Erie, Pennsylvania, Frame and Serial # Unknown). As the train passes, the Border Patrol agents see two Mexican men riding on a CTRN Covered Hopper. One of the officers runs towards the car but the gentlemen pulls himself up to avoid being captured.
My friends, Ashley, Varsha and Hima did. I shared a few poems that I had scribbled with V and H and they both encouraged me to start a blog and share it with a wider audience. And Ashley, for some inexplicable reason, seemed to believe I could write even when I had shared none of my scribbles with him.
Preparedness Planning
The British people embraced their death again on May the 5th, how many more chances will they have before it is too late, assuming it has not already past that point?
An interesting case of bi-culturalism, Yas was born in San Francisco in 1921 but raised in Kochi City, Japan. Concerned that he would be drafted in to the Japanese army, he moved back to the States in 1939 to study agriculture. Nine years later, after becoming infatuated with the medium of photography, he enrolled in Chicago's famous Institute of Design where he studied with Harry Callahan. His American work from this period to his permanent return to Tokyo in 1961 is one of the highlights of what is known as the Chicago School. (Hmmm... note to self - interesting idea for a show!)
Wooohoooo!
After moving to Asia as a kid, I never got a chance to revisit my
Daily Bible Verses - Bible Gateway
As for the Duke de Berri, if he had not quite the same courtesy as his father, he was as clever, especially in that timely quickness of wit so useful to princes. I select one example out of a thousand. The first time he reviewed some troops he heard a few cries from the ranks of "Long live the Emperor!" "Quite right, my friends," was his immediate remark; "every one must live." Upon which the same soldiers exclaimed, "Long live the Duke de Berri!"
SB: It does for now. I’m conscious of having only an hour, so I don’t want to take any one thing too far. But I wonder if I can convey this, that sometimes when one reads spiritual literature, there seems to be this grand progress, this spiritual evolution where beings are going closer and closer to God, so to speak. But you paint a picture of beings coming back, and taking a detour, and serving in another realm, and then….
Grant me one wish
What is the historical link between Aston Villa FC & Crystal Palace FC in relation to the latter's inauguration as a club at the start of the early 1900's?
This is a very interesting project...
Gamepads are interacted with through the port control and port data addresses. These are generic 9-pin serial ports, used to connect pads, joysticks, light guns, even modems, but for simplicity I’ll assume we only have gamepads connected for now. I’ll also assume we’re not interested in port C, which is the EXT port on the back of the American Genesis model 1.
Rowdy Rathore upcoming Hindi action remake of Telugu film Vikramarkudu directed by Prabhu Deva. Akshay Kumar and Sonakshi Sinha starrer Rowdy Rathore has been assumed as the most anticipated film of this year. Its television right has been sold in Rs 45 crore, it’s a record breaking selling as compared with the previous record of Agneepath of Rs 41 crore. Akshay Kumar will be presented in double role, one of thief and second of an IPS officer. The marketing strategy of Rowdy Rathore has something different from others. They have made handmade posters with tag lines: FAULAD KI AULAD, ILAAKA TERA DHAMAKA MERA & NAYA SAAL NAYA MAAL.
05 - Carrying No Cross
Best Affordable Surveillance Camera Vigilance Program
If E-40 made the most robust-sounding albums of 2011 that I had to turn down my iPod to listen to, Dawn Richard made the best one that was so poorly mastered (if it was mastered at all) that I had to turn my iPod up to listen to it. Of course, lots of rappers make low budget mixtapes that come up short in the production or post-production, but that often fits their grimy aesthetic. Dawn Richard, an R&B singer who was one of the driving forces behind one of the best and biggest-sounding major label albums of the past couple years, Diddy-Dirty Money's Last Train To Paris, deserves better. Ostensibly, that should happen whenever she gets to release the album A Tell Tale Heart that this 'mixtape' exists to promote, but really this feels pretty substantial in and of itself.
If your funny bone is still in need of tickling – and you like a little dinner with your theatre – look no further than Café and Then Some (www.cafeats.com). Bubba and Norma Jean (aka proprietors, Bill and Susan Smith) invite you to join them for a little folksy satire, served up with a side of home-grown humor and some country vittles! With original shows performed nightly Wednesday through Saturday, CATS offers entertainment unlike anything you’ll find in Greenville…or anywhere else for that matter! Come on by their location, just off Main Street, ‘round the corner from that fancy ‘ol Blu Martini, to set a spell…and catch their current production of “Life After Oprah”. You’ll be glad you did!
It is amazing how we humans adapt.
You must be resident in the UK or Ireland.
$71880
Amazingly, everyone painted a portrait of the same person using the same techniques which resulted in 13 (including Frank) uniquely different interpretations of both the technique and the subject. Incredible! They all looked fantastic! Not sure if you guessed who the Australian celebrity is but he's very cute (which made painting that much more fun...).
can see between the falling snowflakes.
Weighing 2,500 pounds and stretching 48 feet long, Titanoboa — whose name combines “titanic” for its size and “boa” for its close relation to modern-day boa constrictors — roamed the Earth 65 million years ago and was the largest snake that has ever lived.Titanoboa: Monster Snake, premiering Sunday at 8 p.m. ET on the Smithsonian Channel, gives viewers an insight into the life of a species that was once the largest predator on Earth. The special will also air Monday at 6 p.m. ET and be available for viewing on the channel’s website.
I'll start us off:
Merchandisers are also gearing up to receive their share of the $202.9 million in payments. "We just restocked on $5,000 handbags and $6500 screwdriver sets," said Louie Dren of Indulges On Fifth, an upscale department store in Queens. "When those office workers from Jersey won two years ago, we sold every last roll of Egyptian cotton toilet paper and every gold-plated telephone in stock."
Another criteria is 'Where would I take an out-of-town taco eater?' Ideally it's to a great place that has more than one good item and a comfy space to eat it in.
Lose nothing but weight!
Not necessarily my kind of movie, The Front Line is nevertheless a truly handsome bit of storytelling cinema, and I will tip my hat to the filmmakers, for being able to make such a powerful story without flinching, if nothing else.
Lately I’ve been meditating and going within. I am trying to tap into my brain’s potential and use it to create the life I want.
All right, these are my Good Reads...Click Mrs. Stanford's picture to join the linky party fun and see what everyone else is reading!
Why can’t our eyes focus under water?
Lots of Street Theatre when Fakestinians are around so #OWS was on the agenda. The SJP kids went down to the Occupation on Sunday the 16th, after the conference, to show their support for the "occupation". Probably arranged by Cyrus since he and CAIR are encouraging a Muslim presence at Zuccotti which continues at #OWS. (mostly on Fridays and Saturday)
One of my favorites, the simple but so lovely entry hall with matching painted closet doors,
this week it's up to you.
Synopsis: Sarah is a young girl that takes most things in life for granted. She hates her stepmother, she hates her baby step brother Toby, basically she hates her life. She wishes everything could be like in the fantasy books she’s always reading. One day, when her baby brother was being particularly cruel to her, she says the right magic words that make Jareth, The Goblin King and his goblins appear. They’ve come to take the baby away just like she asked. Of course, she really didn’t mean it, she was just venting steam. But as Jareth tells her “what’s said is said”. Thankfullly, not everything is bad news, The Goblin King gives Sarah a chance! All she has to do is reach the castle at the center of the labyrinth before the clock strikes 13, or her baby brother becomes a gobbling forever! Such a pity…
Ave Tellus Mater! Ave Ceres! Ave Pax! Felix Paganalia!
I was shocked so many trees came down, Brooklyn before four years ago never got a tornado in my life and I expect most people were similarly shocked. So it seems reasonably outside most new yorkers are not thinking that under a clear blue sky like today's a hunk of damaged tree might still fall with enough weight to kill. That reality probably sinks deeper into the backs
*Katie with a borrowed Suburban (thank you Tracy and Clay!!!) that likes to start when the mood is just right. And, the mood is not right very often.
Occasion: To celebrate Black History Month
I want to believe it’s alright. To walk the walk and see the light. What makes me stare into night, is silent the hope that one day I’ll have sight. The sight that cures my inner eye. That eye of the beholder that pierces the lies.
Seven persons were
The critics say: “Slow Club display remarkable skill in tugging at heartstrings, but they do it without being particularly manipulative or overly saccharine.” – Pitchfork
-Unable to photocopy /post/return until Mon (shop closed-no ink to print)
and I am so so SO sorry to do this to you.
“Your class is starting,” cried the headmistress of our school. All my friends and my teachers were lined up along the swaying rope strung around the makeshift riding ring. Peaches jumped to the side quickly to eyeball the rope, and we swerved into the show ring.
Gently stir the yolks into the almond paste with a spatula and set aside.
So I am now a tad more nervous and scared. To have a cancer doctor say he is "concerned" and "wants to see you ASAP" is a little unnerving. Though it is still possible this will turn out to not be a phyllodes, so I am holding on to that and doing what the doctor wants me to do.
LinkedIn offers free basic accounts, which are adequate for most users. It also offers paid subscriptions. Paid subscriptions return a higher number of search results and permit sending e-mails (or inmails) to members not a part of your network. “LinkedIn paid accounts are generally geared toward professionals such as HR representatives and recruiters …” (Burnham, 2010).
DW: Ninety percent of the US budget is going to the military.
(21) When they told their stories of the past, they did so not for the sake of the past but for the sake of the present—their present, of course. That is, they selected material concerning the past and shaped it according to what they felt were the needs of their own present-day audience.
“Jake, please don’t give up! Hit him back! Jake!” I yelled.
When i started writing it I conceived it as a satirical reflection on the works of the Marquis de Sade with Cronenbergian overtones. There is perhaps an undercurrent of feminist thought and a critique of society, although these may in fact be accidental. I may, in fact, be suffering from delusions of granduer.
At the end of season 6, currently the last completed season, we have seen demons by the dozen with a variety of powers and motivations. We’ve also seen angels, gods both pagan and modern, vampires, werewolves, dragons, ghosts, ghouls, the Devil, the Christian god, and even the four horsemen. For forty-something episodes now, the fate of the world has been in the balance. Some angels want Armageddon, while others just want humans to be their playthings. Meanwhile, demons are knocking around causing their usual mischief.
So as you can imagine ... summertime is busy for me ... but as soon as my sites are updated with all the new content - I'll be back and posting more progress on my painted chairs.
Will the midwest determine which candidate is FETA ?
Body fat: 25.9%
After many years of being hidden from most of ordinary mankind ..the once covert invisible shadow of darkness, is now being forced by the forces of light to show itself. Little by little we are beginning to see our leaders and others in their true light..as the corruption and rotten tendencies of these dark agents and dark influenced souls begin to face up to their karma and fate.
Dude. So old school synthesizer.
I could swear I would of heard a pin drop
If it is not, and there is little room of understanding of the path you seem to be called to walk now, then you may have to find a spiritual companion from a more sympathetic tradition, or someone who shares your “minority views” within your own.
Sell herself
Yes, I said it. If you can’t write a good story, don’t know if you can, or find yourself in a position of not being able to, then don’t do it until you can. I realize that in an open market such as this, everyone has the right to put their product out there, but just because you can, doesn’t mean you should. Have respect for the story. If the readers don’t then they aren’t going to value your books, and more significantly, they aren’t going to value other books as much either. As a consumer, I don’t want it to be difficult to shop for products I like and find worthwhile. If I have to struggle through an endless array of cheap products to find the good ones, this lessens the value of my shopping experience and lowers my expectation of the products as a whole.
"May you build a ladder to the stars/ And climb on every rung/ May you stay, forever young." - "Forever Young" by Bob Dylan
Kim Kardashian was hit by a bag of flour at an event that she was hosting to launch her fourth fragrance, True Reflection and Benefiting Dress for Success at The London Hotel in West Hollywood Thursday night.
Here’s the current hero of liberalism:
Are those remarks indicative of a “distaste for the Catholic Church and the Holy Father”?
Frankie’s Market is closing down and two vendors — one who deals in men’s oversize jeans, the other in antique toys — are packing up their stalls. Their dialogue is alternately cruel and nostalgic, taunting and kind. This new one-act play by Raphael Falco is a surprising exploration of human hope and connection that exposes the twisted significance the lonely assign to even the most casual exchanges.
You can do this as often as you want but if your query isn't selected after a couple tries, it probably won't be.
No ties to bind me
Work the nougatine into thin disks about the size of a nickel and place in the center of the cookie, on top of the point where the rosemary tufts meet.
Fit a water butt (or as many as you can accommodate) to your house, shed or greenhouse.
I don’t know if what I’m doing will help or not. I don’t know if I’m too late. I don’t know if this is a complete waste. But I’m going to try anyway. Better sooner than later, right? Plus, I don’t want to find out on December 31 2012 that they couldn’t stop him, and that I never did anything to help. I don’t want to feel like I just sat back and watched.
I used the text box method, which we have explained in the past. I went over the 'Magical' with a zig glue pen and sprinkled with Glamour Dust for a sparkly effect. I also added glitter to the fairy wings. The top has a panel of Swiss dots and a cute little fairy castle charm tied onto the ribbon.
Well, you’re wrong. I love to drink, but I can say no to it whenever I’d like—which isn’t very often, but you get the idea.
As I continue to look back on the 2011 season, there were several moments that were both exciting and disappointing. That’s one of the wonderful things about this sport – one moment it can give you chills, the next leave you disappointed. So I decided to sit down and come up with 10 things that did both for me this year.
Out of bush I step and onto dirt track
Elliptical Ball for progressive resistance.
Can you see the green peeking through the chips? It's seen some use since I painted it white so it's gotten wonderfully shabby. I think the porch is the perfect place for it now.
Self-assessment relates to creating a personal inventory of skills, interests, values, personality development and learning style. Through research, students can learn about the career options available. The strategy involved to match the personal inventory with the career gives a general idea about salary expectations, working conditions, future outlook and educational requirements.
Too often we settle for lesser ends than the real ending we were created to enjoy. For the end is a crass word for goal, the achievement hinted at in our maturing identity. Like characters, we have a sense of personality and purpose, but long for consummation. We seek release into action that brings forth the outcome of our secret passions and designs. We sense a master writer has instructed us at an intuitive, base note level, scripted us deeper than our genes for a specific goal. A goal written in the largest letters of the universe and the tiniest letters in heaven’s invisible ink. The cosmos beams with a message of intent that begs an end. We are poor pupils of the universal truths burning around our heads. So we live in pursuit of poor goals and dull dreams, which are shoddy reflections on the end and intention for which we were made.
Then what do we mean by rising? It simply means going higher, increasing in success, increasing in brilliance, increasing in skills and increasing in ability. When we talk of going higher, you read Genesis 26 v 12-14 the Bible showed us a man called Isaac, Bible said he waxed great and then went forward and then increasing, that is an example.
I can’t really think of anything that could be improved. In fact I think it is so perfect that I chose to go to school on world book day as Silas. I have already recommended it to my friends.
I’m not sure if it’s a lie that I tell myself or a lie that the enemy has convinced me to believe, but I struggle with thinking that I don’t read my Bible enough, that I don’t pray enough, that I’m just not good enough. While I do desire to grow in my walk with the Lord, I know that my future isn’t dependent on how often I pray, read my Bible or how good I try to be … that there’s nothing I can do to make Jesus love me more nor is there anything I can do to make Him love me less. But in this performance-driven world, it’s too easy for me to begin to believe the lies that the enemy keeps telling me.
So modern physics has given us these two ideas, both of which are interesting, and both of which resonate with our informal notion of “coming into existence out of nothing” — one of which is time evolution from empty space (or not-even-space) into a universe bursting with stuff, and the other of which posits time as an approximate notion that comes to an end at some boundary in an abstract space of possibilities.
Brooklyn Bowl – Williamsburg
Hopefully I can remember and relate some more of my past. I have kept so much of my thoughts hidden for so long, that it is really difficult to bring them to the surface. I keep thinking about past incidences, and equating them to the feelings I've been having in recent years.
Groped to be hidden
It’s clear that the story of America’s recovery—unsatisfying and problematic as it has been—isn’t a Hollywood tale. Rather, it rests on an understanding of its core competencies and competitive advantages: attitudes and capabilities that, even in this age of globalization, remain unique. Contrary to the declinists’ view, global growth has not been a zero-sum game for America’s economy.
Not a surface question
1 strove
Edit; just realised The Horrors remix cuts out before the end. Soz, as my daughter says.
Five miles? No. Turns out I actually ran 6.41. And I ran it quicker than I’ve ever run the distance before.
Also on my reading list are "Beryl: A Pig's Tale" by Jane Simmons and "The Tale of Despereaux" by Kate DiCamillo. About how I picked up Despereaux, it's kind of funny. When I first came across the book, I was put off by the ragged-edge pages (a pet peeve of mine) and when I saw the trailers for the movie, I was not interested in the story. But just the other day, while browsing my favorite section at the bookstore, I noticed that it was written by the same person who wrote "The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane", which I found absolutely charming. So I picked up Despereaux, ragged edges and all.
and welcoming the season
2. Debora
This post has been hanging around in my draft posts list for a while, but two recent posts I saw made me think of it again.
If you treat dogs like people then you shouldn't be surprised to find yourself treating people like dogs.
22. runoff
That’s a lot of potential debt to be forgiven, and through the Mortgage Debt Relief Act of 2007, homeowners get a break from paying taxes on their forgiven debt – whether it was forgiven through a short sale, foreclosure, or a modification. The act though, is set to expire at the end of this year.
“I love you,” Melissa said. She stroked the fuzzy chin of her teddy-bear and tucked it under the covers next to her.
Edmondson: Well actually that scene took about two-and-a-half days. The whole scene with the fight in the kitchen.
Directed by Sajid Khan , starring an ensemble cast -Akshay Kumar, John Abraham ,Riteish Deshmukh, , Shreyas Talpade , Asin ,Zarine Khan, Jacqueline Fernandez ,Shazahn Padamsee , Rishi Kapoor ,Randhir Kapoor and Mithun Chakraborty , Sajid Nadiadwala and Eros International.
he is scottish which is pretty exotic!
They are also mostly to blame for my lack of productivity in the blogosphere. But leave it to Doc to pull me back in with something shiny. I'm just too much of a girl to resist shiny things - even when I'm busy becoming all self-actualized and doing other incredibly weighty things, like lapping up each delicious drop of summer.
Sorry, but your comment wreaks of idiocy. If it were any less idiotic, I'd delete it, but, it definitely earns an "idiot award".
We have three jars in our house for allowance. Our son gets paid his age -1.
Reason number one: we learned from our experience. It’s satisfying for me to know that even though tensions ran high and egos were bruised we were able to move forward. My assumption is that although not everyone may have forgiven or forgotten the episode on Friday they rose above personal resentment and were able to work professionally throughout a similarly stressful workload. Bottom line is that we did not want to repeat Friday’s fiasco.
WS: It’s less the heists themselves, which – as you pointed out in your review of KINGS – tend to be low-tech and messy, as it is the pressures they put on the disparate participants, and the sometimes brutal fallout that follows (see above). Also, with Crissa, she’s a woman in a man’s world, and has to deal with that as well, by being twice as tough, twice as smart and twice as resourceful as the men around her, just to get by.
My mother Kathlen Bohannon Glynn died April 24, 1998. She was fun loving, joyful, a brilliant mind, who loved all her 7 children and my father Peter Glynn. She taught us all she knew and what she did not know she quickly found teachers and mentors for us. She baked bread like no one else can.
Heinlein's second rule: You must finish what you write.
I got replies from the original six interviews, five of them offering me a job and of course, the airline said I'd finished second so they couldn't offer me a job right then.
If in case they speak more negative words into your life, you will begin to see yourself in the ways that were spoken to you by your families or authority figures, friends, by communities and others. May also be by facing different sicknesses which causes some bitterness out of it. We all face the consequences of this fallen world in one way or another, and we can’t be healed if we don’t recognized the pains, and knows that we need more of the unconditional love of God in our life.
1-in-1,116
I can now search for text within images in Evernote. It filters down to only matching posts and text is highlighted. Sweet.
“People are insecure,” I’d say. “They wear masks and play games.”
"I want it to have a big hairy spider on it." he responded.
How is that the point? Believing in global warming is absolutely mainstream, so much so that even guys who live in prison, and so probably have very limited access to new scientific data, understand that it is true. And it doesn't matter whether or not science is accepted by the mainstream anyway. The mainstream is chock full of idiots, ignoramuses and nuts. 80% of Americans think that the government is hiding information about aliens. Not the immigrant kind of aliens, SPACE ALIENS! Over 50% believe in ghosts.
Simulation of the light coming from a punctual source (imagine a microscopic star) and diffused by a surface that is a “perfect diffusor.” The lamp is at a distance of 1 unit of the center of the surface that measures 6 x 6 units. The luminance for black pixels is set at 5%, and at 95% for white ones. The local luminance decreases as the distance increases following the inverse square root law.
I don’t ever think much about being influenced by other writers, really. But if the concoctions in my ‘cauldron of creation’ are, in part, the sum of the books I have read and loved immeasurably, then Elizabeth Goudge would certainly be a rare and marvellous ingredient in the brew.
According to me:
Well, I know one thing, like I said, the people who dropped these bibles off at a public school were ready to start one thing and it was not to spread the gospel...it was to spread controversy.
Disc 10B (October 13th 1995) Budokan Hall, Tokyo, Japan
over the edge.
Glasses that wraparound and provide maximum protection from the wind are best to wear in the winter. You can protect yourself from debris, as well as the cold.
Before returning to Cuba, La Colmenita (The Little Beehive) will stage
I did not realize that the movie anthology of Alien was based on a book. As much as I liked the movie, I am hoping the book is even better. The last book is one the author asked me to read and review.
So half way through my Freedom Day public holiday, my bestie messages me asking if I’d like to tag a long to the beach with her. Um, yes! So off the princess and I went, piled into her car and made our way down to a little quiet spot on a beautiful stretch of beach.
When you shall eat of the fruit of your hands,
2)What would they eat?
» 9/16 – Toronto, ON @ Air Canada Centre
The limiting factor in both is the projected color schemes for next fall and winter. The colors are not my favs - creams, tans, maize, dark rusts and maroons with a bit of celadon and sea green - but I am stretching myself to embrace them. VBG
All that to say, we associate V-Day with the babe.
sweet
3 trinity
Turns out, I did ACE my CHD exam. I was the only person in my class to get an A on it too!! Most everyone else bombed it, so I feel really confident and happy about it!! Funny thing, I started this blog the other day while I was waiting to go into class and of course other classmates showed up and I was being chatty and blah blah blah. I think I started it a week ago, and a bunch of crap has happened in that week alone! Ideas, revelations, and some other funny shit! So, to finish this one up, hopefully not as a long post but just to get it done… here we go.
DVD to the production of one album, this 2005 re-release of
5. “You have way too much make-up on!”
I can't update the Fonts list either until they are added to Design Studio or Cricut Craft Room so stay tuned for that too.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks By Rebecca Skloot
And He walks with me, and He talks with me,
I am relieved he took the time to think about it and come up with what he felt was a fair decision. I relieved I didn't get punished for this even though I deserved it. I really wish I didn't go off the handle and get angry this morning and I hate that I caused John to get mad also.
He was lean and well-kempt, his short blonde hair held neatly in place and framing a face that was nearly as angular as the droid; which Nik assumed belonged to the man. His blue eyes—a sharp contrast to the black uniform he wore—studied every move Nik made, every twitch of muscle, every shift of armor plates. The man was an Imperial Agent sure as Nik was breathing. In Nik’s experience, there were two modes any good Imperial Agent had. The first Nik called the Official and it was the side that these people showed when they wanted you to know what, and who, they were. When they wanted to intimidate you with their Imperial credentials and immunity. Then there was the Operative; the shadow agent. The assassin. This was the side that—if the agent in question was good—you never saw. And, if you did, it was on the other end of the vibroblade sticking out of your chest.
anything on my Started ... Finish & Review list
3. Easily Resume interrupted download that saves you a lot of precious data and time.
“It’s rewarding to see these students start with little or no experience and work themselves into a great career path,” Novak said.
Beat together eggs, 1/2 cup of melted butter (reserve 1/4 cup for brushing on the pastry) and salt.
I felt as if I had embarrassed myself (and Kasmira) enough throughout the class and would only continue to do so, so I sat out of the majority of the floor exercises. I felt so silly, and got so upset and emotional over the whole thing that I could only mutter "I just want to leave!" --Sorry Kasmira!
Send your TpT product or Teacher's Notebook to Erica
Submarine is a coming-of-age tale of Oliver Tate, a precocious teenage boy, an account of his relationships with family, friends and girls, and his observations of the world around him. It is an intelligent, somewhat poetic read, and one which led me back to my Superior Person's Book of Words to indulge the word-nerd tendencies that I share with the narrator. However, I didn't altogether like Oliver - he was a rather obnoxious kid - and the scenes in which he participated in the bullying of a classmate were an insurmountable barrier between me and the book, and Dunthorne seemed to rely too much on cringe-comedy and explicit content for my tastes - possibly appropriate for a tale about a teenage boy. I'm not saying that I entirely disliked Submarine, but I don't feel that I have gained anything from having read it, and shan't be rereading or watching the film.
He has been pretty good about staying in the garden, only fell over the wall into next door's garden once. Thankfully just their big dog was out at the time and limited himself to barking furiously. I had to cut down two bay trees to avoid a reoccurrence cos he was up on the wall again five minutes after rescue.
Your sparkling note
One of my projects this year—school and collaboration willing—is to do research for the aforementioned novel. I guarantee that if I encounter some sort of supernatural or inexplicable phenomena, I will share it with you. In the meantime, does anyone have a good ghost story?
I would like to enter this into these challenges:
07 Duende (The Soil Is Closer Than The Sky)
and tasting what it feels like to be free and unbound.
I was greeted by that pre-recorded woman’s voice we’ve all come to know and hate. She mixes a tone of delight, casualness and enthusiasm that lets you know right away she’s not a real person. She welcomed me to the “Solution Contact Center” (SCC) and ran through the options she thought I might want to select from: I could press one for account information, two for frequently asked questions, three if I was an employer, four if I was a broker, five if I was not yet an account holder, and six if I wanted marketing support. Already, I longed for an option seven, which would send a high-pitched screeching tone into an SCC operator’s ear.
p113 “Student C: I feel Mu is everything and nothing. I feel it is like a reflection of the moon on a lake, with no moon and no lake, only reflection.
I’ve been feeling like doing something arty recently – not crafty, just arty farty.
12am - The Long Holidays
Does she think about me?
16Her heart still dictates, and her hand obeys.
see ya
As much as we loved the weather in Florida for six months out of the year, we missed our seasons.
My neighbours suck!
Insurgent is book 2 in the trilogy that started with Divergent. That book flew off our shelves this year and we know the sequel is just as amazing! Talk about heart-pounding dystopian action!
As we stated in our last post our biggest worry is our government wrecking the economy. I won’t list them all here, but the number of changes to the tax code without any action by our lovely elected officials is staggering. In our opinion, if they pull a stunt similar to last year’s debt ceiling debacle this time the ramifications could seriously affect the economy as the massive tax increases will stifle economic growth.
Zach decides to settle in Caloosa and moves into Dinah’s spare room in exchange for helping with repairs and such. He tries his hand at several jobs but nothing fits and he decides to look up an old aquaintance for help in getting into college. He is accepted into college and so begins his journey.
2. Seize the opportunity to try to stump President/CEO Darron Scott
I struggle with this hidden racism, the tendency to only draw towards people who are just like me. Living in low-income housing has shone a spotlight on this unlovely part of myself, my complicitness in a culture that only glorifies the majority (which happens to be white, educated males).
Do you have any tasty recipes for leek scapes? I might need some for future weeks.
3. u watch it by urself lo…haha…anyway its a good story…but the rewind things…i dun like it…
Usually Tuesday is the day that I detest. Mondays are usually calm and Tuesday were named “Tumultuous Tuesdays.” There is usually so much chaos on Tuesdays; however the past Tuesdays have not been crazy. Hurray! I decided that I had to change my attitude and stop projecting a terrible Tuesday into the universe. For the past two weeks I have not thought about what Tuesday will be like on Monday. Instead, I have chosen to take one day at a time and accept whatever comes with the following day. There is truly something to the saying, “Change your thoughts, change your world.”
Below are links to the resources I used to complete my board and batten project. Just in case, you know, you want to do your own. Happy building!
Especially now that it's time to pass on a musical heritage to my kids.
Factory activity also increased in the region and across the nation in March. The Southeast PMI was up 2.5 points to 63.5 last month, while the national index improved 1.4 points to 54.8.
etextbooks for instant download
Vanessa: Ooo! Did you hear the trailer came out for the new X-Men movie? Lets go check it out!
In fact, the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists'(AACE) review of the relevant data have concluded tht the blood sugar targets the ADA recommends for people with diabetes are high enough to produce retinopathy (leading to diabetic blindness), kidney failure, and nerve damage. But the ADA has ignored the AACE blood sugar target recommendations for almost a decade now. Probably because it is impossible to reach the AACE targets without testing blood sugar after meals and lowering carbohydrate intake.
The program topics are timely and especially valuable for senior counsel with administrative and/or supervisory responsibilities. In addition to having a series of talks on topics of interest for in-house IP counsel, a hallmark of our annual meeting is our roundtable sessions. Each day, we set aside time to discuss openly our best practices and current issues for managing corporate patent departments. Indeed, our annual program strongly encourages open, active discussion among the attendees. Each participant is encouraged to contribute his or her experiences and insights on a defined subject related to the overall program in discussions held toward the conclusion of each of our seminar sessions.
The film itself best emphasizes this point as it picks up speed once the imprisoned Malcolm (Denzel Washington) begins to learn about and becomes a follower of Nation of Islam leader Elijah Muhammad (Al Freeman Jr.). Despite the drag they make on the entire film, the early sequences are notable for containing the film's best performance, Delroy Lindo as West Indian Archie, who becomes a sort of criminal mentor to the young Malcolm.
Nielsen CV, Brandt LPA. Spontaneous abortions among women using video display terminals. Scand J Work Environ Health 1990; 16: 323-328.
***It's so much easier to "shop" your own closet when all the pieces that you may need on a daily basis are right there: pants, skirts, tops, blouses, everyday dresses, cardigans...fancy dresses, layering pieces (tank tops, tee shirts), and bulky sweaters don't have to be on display in the main closet. And don't be afraid to purge those items that have been "well loved" or you haven't worn in a few years. It's refreshing and leaves room for new things!***
And now I’m home. Older, wiser, a little slimmer and hopefully secure in the knowledge of what I’m good at, and what I want to do with my time.
These are drawings I find scary to paint.
Sure, there's the legislative process, elections of representatives, and there are the courts after, but it's quite clear we are on the razor's edge. The laws keep getting proposed, ballot initiatives are introduced and passsed, there are plenty of justices, even on the Supreme Court, that would happily rule in favor of un-Constitutional laws for their own ideological reasons. I don't think it's unreasonable to say we shouldn't have to wait for the laws to go into effect to expect a remedy. It's one thing to say, "abortion should be illegal and marriage of one man to one woman should be the only recognized domestic legal union because God says so," and another to propose legislation along these lines.
If there is one complaint, it’s the sports, but I again find our terrible sports teams to be endearing. I don’t pay attention to the CFL, so in my view the last time that this city had a winner was 1993, the Toronto Blue Jays, and that’s terribly sad. I’ve mentioned recently that we are going on a road trip to Boston in a few months and I am very curious to see what it’s like being in a winning city. The Celtics, Patriots, Red Sox and Bruins.
What this means is that watching and recording sales is important, at least for the first week or so after the book is back in the paid store after going free. Authors who don't fuss and fret and obsess about watching the KDP dashboard are doing themselves a disservice. Authors who proudly admit they only check the KDP dashboard once a month, once a week or even once every couple of days aren't able to capitalize and optimize in an industry that now moves at digital speed. Why do you think Amazon updates rank every hour rather than just recalculating every 24 hours? Because when books are selling, it's a volatile business. Sometimes you can't do anything with collected data. Sometimes you can. In the case of our repricing strategy, we can.
#9 The United States once had the highest proportion of young adults with post-secondary degrees in the world. Today, the U.S. has fallen to 12th.
blinds me and terrifies me.
Weiskopf acknowledged that with the eyes of the Arab world on Oshkosh, attempts at disruptions were likely, and that he would modify the drive-thru operation to accommodate the likely attackers.
Wish we'd had things like this, you know the INTERNET!!......back in the stone age when I had small kids. I remember how hard it was just to find cute boys clothes,which is why I learned to sew in the first place. Now I sew almost constantly.
5. The Death Cure by James Dashner
My daughter ordered a plate of noodles with chicken, prawns, squids and some veggies. My son ordered a bowl of chicken ball noodles, which is very tasty, and again, I have forgotten to take a photo of his noodles, we were extremely hungry! :)
Therefore, my Noble Mother and I have decided to introduce a new segment to the Noble Wife Blog: Pinterest Pick of the Week. On Fridays, I'll be signing on to tell you about the most clever/pretty/original thing on the internet... so be sure to log on! I have a few favorite pins lined up already, so you won't want to miss it, trust me!
Sounds very nice. But this is a baseball trip is it not? Quite right it is. We are in town, other than the above, to see the Nashville Sounds play. They are the Pacific League Triple A affiliate of the Milwaukee Brewers and they play at Hershel Greer stadium. Which has a guitar as part of the scoreboard.
Clinical and counselling experience suggests that there are three requisites for a successful relationship.
STEVE GUTTENBERG (The Big Green)
I made little stencils, and did a design that reminds me of the Jetsons :)
FB: AAAAAAGH! Dana! It's that TIGHT theeng.
Well, we are not supposed to have iframe widgets in a free wordpress.com blog. Embedding Google Docs the way you see here is only a workaround and has this limitation.
I imagined that there would be scrapes along the bonnet of the car and a cracked windscreen.
The most powerful poems by Louis MacNeice were written in the runup to the Second World War. Literary works from that time generally fall into one of two categories: lighthearted escapist entertainment (e.g. P.G. Wodehouse), or works full of somber foreboding.
Lisa wrote:
also about our present life and boyfriend/girlfriend stuff ~~~ hehe♥
The Avengers first half moved a bit slow for me. I understand it's important to first build up our story, get our characters together, and so forth. But it's my feeling that they did all this a little to casually. Most people in the theater know who the characters are, and they know why they are coming together. All great action movies still require story like any other well done film, but perhaps they could have trimmed a few minutes here and there. I love a long movie as much as the next guy. For instance, I sat through all Lord of the Rings films (which all clock in at or around 3 hours) and the movie moved so briskly that it seemed like I was in the theater for only an hour. A solid blending of storytelling, character development and action will make a 3 hour movie fly by. Problem for me with the Avengers is that it felt like 2 hours and 22 minutes. The first half dragged for me, I'm sorry to all the comic book fans who were so desperately waiting for the release of The Avengers, I don't mean to insult you all on personal levels, that's just how I viewed it.
It would be long days out in the sun, but I viewed it as a chance to practice on my stilts. I hoped to become more confident on them, so at auditions I wouldn’t feel so out of my league among the Cirque Du Soleil crowd. None of whom would be at this audition. I knew that because I had written to one of my stilt walking friends to see if he was interested in this summer job. He was not. None of them were. The pay was too low, the hours too long, the distance too great. Not worth taking this job that would prevent them from taking higher paying better jobs during the too long commitment.
I'd like to tell you it ended pretty. However, you've probably tasted raw garlic. You know the bite it has.
Located one block from the Family History Library in Salt Lake City, Price & Associates is able to trace
I spent the bulk of my newsroom career at the N&O, so this news hit me hard. I am sad for my former colleagues, and I worry about the quality of the newspaper that I still read every day. I am also angry that hard-working journalists must bear the brunt of McClatchy’s debt and business decisions.
A few days later, I received the following from the publisher: "Dear, Rachael, I wanted to be the first to Congratulate you! Your manuscript received 'Honorable Mention' in the 2011-12 Deep River Books Writer's Contest. And while you did not win first place, 'Honorable Mention' is a significant achievement when you consider there were over 400 contest entries. You are to be applauded for what you have accomplished."
Now to get posting....
Though, he did not give any trade figures, he said Iraqi investors could key into the Nigerian solid minerals sector.
Willie Tomlin: Check Me Baby
カラールームです。
Hypocrisy can afford to be magnificent in its promises; for never intending to go beyond promises; it costs nothing. – Edmund Burke
“However, many in its government, and some large businesses, have recently displayed a pattern of strong anti-Israel and often anti-Semitic attitudes which would make Islamist radicals very proud.”
Oh that we were so comfortable with our bodies that we used clothing only for protection.
As she and I delved into Charlie's past, he became increasingly more agitated, threatening us with violence. That is, until we uncovered what he tried so hard to hide, both in his lifetime and through his death.
and Major John Plaster provided insight to how Black Ops were undertaken in general based on his experience within the SOG.
I killed a beast. I could handle the responsibility of being a Protector. I just needed the chance. I was capable of what the calling asked of me.
Not only does this approach stigmatise and punish responsible drinkers, it does nothing to help those drinking harmfully. Put up the price of booze, and an alcoholic will spend less on food, and so on. There's overall pattern of evidence to suggest that reducing overall consumption is the best way to reduce harm.
(Wednesday 14th December 2011)
Check out my pics, stats, and review... click on pics to view them larger.
Take a double or triple digit number and break it into place value parts. 327 x 15 = ?
Barbecue Chicken Burgers
Either cocoa sables or world peace cookies
Think you yet that I these bare verses do compose
So I found these 18 inch wreaths and bows for $1 each. Can't go wrong there! If they blow off, so what. However, they turned out so good that I bought some fishing line secured the bows as well as the wreath to the inside of my house.
The gospel of the kingdom is the gospel that Jesus preached when He presented Himself to Israel as the Messiah. Both John the Baptist and Jesus preached, “Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand” (Mat. 3:2; 4:17). This was the announcement of the kingdom promised to David’s Son (Isaiah 9:6-7). (The kingdom of God and the kingdom of heaven are largely synonymous in the Gospels. One emphasizes the fact that it is God’s kingdom, while the other emphasizes that it is a kingdom that will come from Heaven.) Christ came to His own people, Israel, but they rejected Him (John 1:11; 19:15), and He warned them that the kingdom would be taken from them because of their rebellion and given to another nation (Mat. 21:42-26). Christ preached a literal glorious kingdom that would be established on earth. Peter, James, and John were given a foreview of it on the Mount of Transfiguration (Lk. 9:27-31). Christ taught His disciples to pray that God’s kingdom would come to earth (Luke 11:2). He said Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob would be in the kingdom (Lk. 13:29). He corrected the view of those who thought the kingdom of God was going to be established at that time, saying that the kingdom would not be established until the “noble man” goes into a far country and then returns” (Lk. 19:11-27). Christ said the kingdom would be established after the Great Tribulation (Lk. 21:31). He said He would drink the fruit of the vine with His disciples in the kingdom (Lk. 22:18). When the disciples were arguing about who would be great in the kingdom of God, Christ corrected their thinking about the nature of greatness but He also confirmed that the kingdom of God is a literal kingdom that will be established at His return (Lk. 22:24-30). Jesus plainly stated that His kingdom is not of this world NOW (John 18:36). His kingdom will come when He comes in power and glory to establish it.
Oh well. Better days are good.
Here's a list of my wonderful Stampendous teammies playing along in the challenge today - you won't want to miss what they've whipped up! Also, be sure to stop by the Stampendous Impressions blog for all sorts of inspiration.
GC: Every movie I’ve seen him in, he always has a cigarette in his hand.
The dog is flat on his back, trussed up with a rough rope, his paws scrabbling frantically in the air as a man in a red baseball cap rams a needle deep into his heart.
1/3 cup Light Brown Sugar (packed)
*ps, be sure to check my facebook fan page and your newsletters today*
Friday morning 06:30. Brrrrrrr, and it didn't get much warmer all day. The sun coming out from behind a cloud is a bit of a joke too.
“You have to do it with counseling and full awareness of what you’re doing, of course. But if you get people to start losing 5% of their excess body weight, you’re really taking a big whack out of the two-thirds of Americans.”
August 11 - September 7, 2012
“No,” I said. “There are robots, and food items, and some monsters and aliens and vehicles and such.”
Every day I shall write her a story, and I shall rehire my muse, my painter, my wordsmith. I shall use every tool at my disposal, every carefully crafted metaphor and simile. I shall make each character live and breathe. I shall make each plot delight and surprise.
I shake the sugar sachet before tearing it.
David Gelernter has a useful introduction to Disraeli's thought. I quote below what I see as Gelernter's central insight:
Our leader Narayan Reddy and seven other friends are still languishing in jail in false charges. PPSS reiterates its demand to release them unconditionally.
The last solo road trip through the Southwest was eye opening, and (ahem) sensually liberating. Let's see if the Northeast has anything to offer besides tea, mittens, and lighthouses......
Let's drop the puck on Game One and start finding some bodies to hit.
based on primitive emotions and ancient rituals and archaic systems,
- Sleek “S” design FightStick casing
and far beyond the world's rim
A virtuous woman. Two simple Hebrew words that pack the punch. Obviously, one of them is woman or wife, but do you know what the other one means? It doesn't mean virtuous, or excellent, or capable. It doesn't mean of noble character.
tonight. Clear. Lows in the upper 70s. South winds 5 to 10 mph
If ‘hallowed’ means ‘may your name be made holy’, what is Jesus teaching us about the first we thing we do in prayer?
Faith allows us to see love where our eyes see only grief and loneliness.
“I thought that was the end of my life,” he told me. “In my room people kept dying, one or two every day.”
Swooping into the parking lot just beyond the terminus of the exit ramp, I parked and alighted from my vehicle. Entering the dealership, it was as it always is as if entering into the lion's cage as a piece of fresh meat. All eyes turn towards the one entering, as if they are the salvation that a prospective buyer brings. Men in neat suits with large builds and the women behind the counters servicing the customer relationship. The stereotyping is always phenomenal in these ways and a bit disconcerting, at least to me.
1/4 cup cream cheese
I sense that You must be everywhere.
Every foreign army comes to grief in Lebanon.
March 21st is World Poetry Day. How often do you read poetry to your students...or your own children?
not conclude that the negations are simply the opposites of the affirmations, but rather that the cause of all is considerably prior to this” (Mystical Theology 100B). “In it is nonbeing really an excess of being” (Divine Names 697A).
- telepathy
52.424517, -4.005442
I know he felt strange when I saw him too. So he just
If you don’t request them to take pictures of the contents of the packages, they will charge 1% as an additional insurance. Does it really have to do anything with insurance? Absolutely not. Plus they charge 1% as a warehouse insurance, although it is not related to insurance as well.
Colorbox Yellow Orche Chalk Ink
Man Hunt
"And pushing, I think."
Turns out, I was supposed to be a witness in a case I wrote about on my blog, in a post titled, You're Welcome, Community, that none of you probably read because only about 15 people with nothing better to do read my blog at that point. So just go over there, read that, and come back because I don't feel like explaining it again. Go ahead, I'll wait.
DRUMMER HODGE - 1899
texture and scent
The flight landed on time and a taxi was waiting to take her to Naklua Beach where the 10 writers were given accommodation. She had got an invite from a friend who worked with Luna e Sol Literary Society. The workshop was part of a reading and writing festival. Tara was mainly lured by the star attraction of the fest. Asma Khan the literary diva was going to do a reading and question session on her new novel. She was one of the most celebrated and controversial authors of her time and Tara worshiped her.
"Here I go. There's no turning back! My great adventure has begun!"
Notions: Zip, bias binding for the waistband
Dakota Angel has been coming to the Wreath Clinics since the very first one in 2000. This year she decided to make two dried topiaries. She left room to be able to add fresh flowers once in a while. It was an ambitious plan and a lot of work, but I think she will be happy for a very long time with these:
Pro-life campaigners in over 50 towns and cities in the UK will this month give silent witness to unborn babies killed in the 44 years since the implementation of the Abortion Act, as well as to the hurt caused to women by abortion.
Brycen has some seriously funny quirks. One of them is wearing pairs of my fuzzy socks on his arms. He thinks it's so funny! He started doing it after I used them as sock puppets. I did that for about six months before he decided he wanted to wear them too. Funny kid!
I'll admit I've used the "students as customers" phrase myself a few times. And, in the sense that meeting the needs of students is the teaching profession's primary reason for being, I still buy that. But I was reminded of the limitations of that analogy as I'm currently reading on a very different topic, John Bogle's Don't Count On It!
SCHEDULE
Drop by teaspoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheets.
The timeline proved a great visual tool. I could see Bill’s life laid out in front of me. But it also revealed more problems. I had way too much information to present in a children’s picture book. What to leave out, what to include? Should I include that he possibly worked as a flag man (whatever that was)? Should I include some of the more nefarious reasons given for his leaving the farm?
The children grew up. I started studying first for an MA and then a Ph D. This brought me in touch with university libraries again but the municipal ones were also important: I was studying writing for children. Indeed now that I’m teaching at university level I recommend that students on two of my modules join the town library: if they want to write children’s; literature or need to write an essay about it they will never afford to buy as many books as they need to read in order to understand. Our university library stocks a few titles but it cannot afford to stock as many as they need to read. Besides, going to the children’s section of the library gives the students some contact with children.
And of course, I lose track of where I found them, the whys and wherefores.
This time of year I am always baking something! I get that from my mom, whatever I bake she has me beat by 10x. Her house is always filled with all kinds of yummy baked goods for Christmas! Here are a few things I have baked over the last few days. Still more baking to do before Christmas!
50 to 59 points (= Questionable)
This killer leads an eerie double life, complete with two separate identities and names. Yet he is not alone in doing so. Rendell introduces a number of characters who lead secret lives. Zeinab is known by three different names; she manages to keep her true identity hidden from her employer and two fiancés. Ludmila and Freddy are masters of deception. Even Will has a secret that he hides from everyone.
2/3 c corn syrup
Hosting the Hollywood Palace in 1966. Rodgers & Hart’s “Little Girl Blue”
Inn seldom discusses life in Cambodia, but still remembers his family’s death. They were living in Phnom Penh, the capital, when Cambodian troops forced his family into a truck.
To Say that I am happy to see my mom and sisters is an understatement. I can't wait. I have not seem my mom for almost three years. That is a long time. Since my father died a year ago last August seeing my mom and family has become really important. Although we can't really afford it, we are stretching our budget and taking the plunge. I HAVE to see my family.
– No not really, you nincompoop.
Kansas City is a big place, so I typed in Mac's address into Google Maps, and it happened again. The Yellow marker in this map and it lines up right he lived.
I walk with you and listen to your gentle voice, encouraging without advice.
I am now convinced that when a leader is straight forward, it benefits all. Such leaders are not manipulative. And they react very strongly to those whom they suspect are trying to manipulate them. They will not “tell the boss what he wants to hear” and the boss knows that.
They probably didn't like that my dad smoked pot.
We list some further titles for review below. If you'd like to review one, please email Sarah Harris by Monday 15 August:
her blanket like a vixen covering
This one's book 2 of The Goddess Connection series. With the heroine related to the goddess Persephone and her husband Hades, a good bit of it's set in the Underworld. I'm somewhat of a mythology addict (and a research addict, a dangerous combination!) so loved writing these characters, and placing them in modern settings with a new twist.
Having been reminded recently of the shoddy work that generic Irish men did on the Titanic I sent him away without so much as tickling his lucky charms for luck.
I guess you never know where life might lead you afterall...
What I remember hearing when I was younger, is that on the one side of the tapestry, one sees all the weaving intertwined and thread in and out. (Not good at this terminology here)
Yesterday Vinnie Catricala came alive. The Mariners Minor League Player of the Year last year hit .349 with 25 homers and 106 RBI between Class-A and Double-A. However, in his first month of Triple-A baseball, he didn’t hit much at all.
Here’s a few of the things I’ve taken away on a more practical level:
As I think back on it, I have to think that the most logical explanation for this guy's code was a PE, but that seems too simple and I had the impression that the nurses and docs were confused and had no explanation. And the poor brother was devastated. One minute he goes in to the ER with his brother to get some pain pills for a leg injury, and the next minute, he is signing the mortician's paperwork. And as if he needed the case compounded, nobody on staff was assigned to be with him and explain what was happening, so he stood outside the door to the room watching CPR go on and on and on, not knowing what to expect or how to take what he saw.
Sincerity.
Flair told Foley to leave, spend time with the kids, they will kick some ass.
And, oh, all the renovating and decorating ideas I have dancing through my head right now! I'm already having fun with it and we haven't even moved in! One of my first plans I've decided on is to paint the wood floors in the kitchen and the great room in a checkerboard pattern (which is actually historically accurate), similar to this:
Everyone else: Boring/bland/forgettable.
I don't want to do an only clay class or even an only 3-D class. I think that working 3-D really pushes kids problem solving skills and I've found if we can plan in 2-D and then execute in 3-D then we tend to have more success on the 3-D project. I'm sure this also takes the highest level of Blooms to a whole new level and allows me to call some lessons TAG lessons.
Hug Snug seam binding ‘Ivory’; corsage pin; Tim Holtz reinforce; Distress Stickles ‘Frayed Burlap’, ‘Old Paper’; Liquid Pearls ‘Bisque’; Glossy Accents; buttons; thread; Papertrey Ink rustic button twine
family or chosen ones called family. Happy Easter.
Authors who were contracted and never heard back from the company, leaving their books unpublished and their rights tied up. I found books from two years previously that were still stranded by AMP, the authors begging to just get a response from somebody…anybody.
27. “Daily Mail” by Radiohead
*If you DO have a friend to ante up, by all means comment away.
giving. She believes very strongly in angels, in a way I've
Swap babysitting - another option for a babysitter is finding a friend with kids and switching weeks. Ex. Every first and third Saturday they keep your kids while you and your man have a date. Every second and fourth Saturday you keep theirs and they can go out! This could be a simple way to have "free babysitting" and still get in a date night once or twice a month!
Back to Part II of the diary:
In whipped topping. Dollop over top of fruit. Can serve orange
However, Republicans have turned the ‘Forward’ motto on its head with the Republican National Committee creating the trending Twitter hashtag #Foward.
Whilst an argument could be made for putting all locally delivered public services under the authority of elected local Councillors, I cannot see such an argument for unelected and unaccountable Local Strategic Partnerships.
As to why this time period would remain the same over all sectors of technology from 'serendipitous innovations' to 'capital heavy grunt-work innovation' to 'new software' is pretty much anybody’s guess. There is certainly no normative reason for having the same rules applicable everywhere – especially since granting this 20 year period of exclusion stops the flow of information regarding the protected parts of that innovation – which is detrimental for society unless there are proportionate benefits being delivered.
Little known is the fact that the government compensates the legal fees of environmental groups that bring action to get a particular species designated as “threatened” or “endangered.” It is a scheme to enrich those groups that has nothing to do with the question of extinction and everything to do with setting aside vast parts of the nation from any development or use.
11. “So American” by Portugal The Man
Now I really need to get back into the applying and rejections NOW with added revision. What fun!
The web bot project is a phenomenon of modern computer technology. Through the use of data mining software and the use of archetype keywords programmers search the internet for patterns of speech. These patterns are then deciphered by the programmers and once decrypted, the message is a prediction for some future event.
Nevertheless, this week’s double bill was worth waiting for I’m glad, actually, that BBC4 is showing this programme in two-episode chunks like this, not least because I found episode three a little slow going, in contrast to the pace and drama of the opening two. I think this was down to a couple of things. For one, it is clear now that this show is pretty complex, with a huge number of characters and plot strands. As with many of the Scandinavian crime shows we’re seen across here, this not just a linear whodunnit but something a fair bit more interesting and rich. It takes some getting used to and I don’t know if the writers can successfully bring it all together in the end, but for now I’m happy to watch the tapestry unwrap. Episode three was putting in place the groundwork for future storylines, bringing in Anja, the troubled teen with dreadful parents, and introducing the theme of police corruption (ruptured eyes – yuck!). This meant we didn’t get to spend much time with Martin and Saga which was a little disappointing but made up for, in part, by a few flashes of Saga-tastic dialogue.
Blue Wild Indigo or Blue False Indigo, is a herbaceous perennial in the pea family. It is native to much of the central and eastern North America and is particularly common in the Midwest, but it has also been introduced well beyond its natural range.
And this is great because I haven't shared many personal posts on my blog yet, though I do try to insert tidbits about me in every post.
“My dear Emily!” I said (for we had grown rather close). “You have taught me everything I need to know with patience and tenderness and sweet sugar dumplings. Your work here is now complete, and armed with my glowing reference you will surely find a position at a prestigious school. Perhaps you will meet a handsome young geography master, who will beguile you with tales of exotic landscapes bearing luscious fruit and extra firm vegetables.”
whose name begins with an L as far as you can recall
My oldest has always been a terrific girl and has grown into an incredible woman but this week I have seen a side of her that is truly a joy to watch.
"Eat it!"
Refraining from the panic that I may be left behind
By the evening, with a few breaks in between because some things in life just have to be done nevertheless. - Anybody volunteering to write an argument/persuasion paper? Just asking. - there were a couple more blocks turned into little quilted pillowcases. There are still waiting for the their inlay to be turned into spa warming pillows, but let's take one step at a time.
By Monday morning, everything had been neatly sorted out and categorized in my head. I met Lunch Friend for…lunch.
Up in the middle of these mountains you suddenly come into the little town of Oatman. Named after a Victorian era woman with a facial tattoo who was enslaved by the Paiute, in fact. (go Red Team!)
Another child wrote that “It has inspired us to eat better and work harder.”
Add the flour, spreading it with a spoon in the pot and stir for 2-3 minutes. Add the broth, stir, add the coconut milk and simmer for 3-5 minutes.
Not sure what they're individual titles will be. After I drew the girl first, her face reminded me of..well...me. So after much consideration and ponder with Natalie, it was agreed upon that the partner piece would be a boy...and yup, it's Brian. :)
“Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called an apostle, separated unto the gospel of God.”
After an unforgettable 5-day boat trip from Panama to Colombia, and a quick detour to Santa Marta – where Simón Bolívar had spent his final days while the ungrateful government attempt to push him into exile – I flew down to Buenos Aires and got stuck into the book.
He pushed away his angel, for angels don’t exist in an atheist heart
One of the things we did immediately after checking into our hotel was to reserve a place on a bus tour of the Ring of Kerry for the following day. I was hoping to save us some money in gas as well as some frayed nerves on my part.
o Obscene or harassing phone calls or text messages
6.Elf Eyeshadow brush: It is the multitask brush. I have 2. One for eyeshadows and the other for concealer. As it does an excellent job there as well.
I have had an awesome day. A beautiful breeze and sunshine filled day. Got to meet lots of great people and bless one young lady and my to do list was ta-done by 4 p.m. at the store.
Towards the end, I was purely entertained with uber nugget of "Atheism is not an "ism" ~Matt
- You will receive 10 mailing address from me for other creative people just like you from around the world!
22. Good gubby nah ah float ah tap. Good things do not come easily.
Dead drift with combinations of Whit tail midge, Sowbugs, Prism and San Juan worms, eggs and small jigs will do well here. The deal is at this time of the year to locate fish. One good tip is to remember the zones that when we see low water the fish are congregated as often as not that will be the zones you will find them when water is generated. They may be fussy if water if rising or falling out, slow rise of water is good, a high water release may shut the fish down for a while until they have become adjusted to the new water levels.
"in all the detective stories I've read there is usually a good-looking and highly educated young officer who falls in love with a rich and beautiful girl and, after rescuing her every ten pages from a fate which is popularly supposed to be worse than death, marries her on page 366 and lives happily right up to the end cover."
His description of the great conspiracy seemed far-fetched, but this was 1997 and the scandal of Whitey Bulger and the close working relationship there was between the mob and the FBI and a legislature run by Whiteys brother, Billy Bulger, would not break until years later.
This is what God talked to me about that day on my way home. I had never thought of it or realized it as he made me see it. There is no such thing as THREE there are only THREE ONES that add up to THREE.
Prof. Noam Chomsky, Institute Professor Emeritus, MIT
On my card, I have two squares, two buttons, two strips, two twines and two images. I hope you enjoy the creation.
Mix all other ingredients except sour cream and parsely, pour over meat.
As Scott speaks with him, Xavier tells him that he has to learn to overcome his fear of his powers if he is to control them. Only then can he become a leader among mutants. He says, “One day, the heroism of the X-men will show the world that mutants aren’t to be feared. You and your teammates will prove that we can coexist with normal humans because that is exactly what we are.”
- A Bite of Funnel Cake
This may also have been an unconscious influence, again from Baudelaire:
However, that naughty trampoline rolled or flew or got up and walked through a formerly impenetrable thicket of alders and landed in a heap at the neighbor’s. What little form and function left was reduced to nil after the head ATV driver pulled it back through the alders with a winch attached to the four-wheeler. It is now completely retired from all jumping activities (see above picture), and on a related note, we have acquired ample metal to practice welding modern garden art. Something once useful, now a piece of junk.
1 teaspoon dried rosemary, crushed
Those GAP cords are looking just a little too comfortable, aren't they? And the tunic (Sandwich), ditto, even under the cashmere cardi.
She loves to snuggle. If you pick her up she'll nestle into your shoulder and give your back two little love pats.
What are some of the benefits?
Do we have the money we want?
One of my friends was actually picked to be a volunteer dancer for this newest work from British "bad-boy" choreographer Michael Clark; that was pretty much the only reason I went to see it in the first place, having not heard of Clark before his residency was announced as part of this year's Whitney Biennial. I'll say this for Who's Zoo?: Despite its chilly futuristic feel—the video projections, the costumes, the occasional mechanized movements—this 45-minute work features some of the more sexually suggestive movements I've ever seen in a live dance. If nothing else, this was worth seeing just to see a male dancer do some strange things with a stool. I'm not sure what it all added up to—again, my relative ignorance of dance is probably showing right now—but hey, for the most part, I had fun watching it.
So many things on my heart this morning. I'm going to tell you about our day, yesterday, and then I will probably have another post before the day is over. First I must tell of God's goodness and faithfulness to our family, once again. He is truly concerned with every detail of our lives.
Saratoga - Alabaster Size 6
17. “If I am a girl, I will choose to date Minho, because he is Flaming Charisma!”
First things first: I have to take a very very short break from blogging...it's my last finals week EVER as an undergrad so it's time for me to really buckle down -- no Blogger, no Facebook, no Twitter (okay maybe a little Twitter)...and sadly definitely no Pinterest! But don't worry, I have a special treat for you all to enjoy while I'm away for the week!
Muffins
I just wanted to look. I kept bumping into other lookers, I did years worth of "pardon me" in a couple of hours. The hosts wore red sashes and politely kept their eye on me.
(Photo Credit and Pedicure: Baby Sister of the Moosians, 9/10/11)
where to hike, wheere to camp, where to bathe, where to climb. We see signs
Fuck … !
Details: 114 pages
1/2# turbinado sugar
Duration: 65 mins
My second foray into rhythm was when I signed myself up for a zumba class at the gym about a year ago. Zumba is a fusion of Latin dance and hiphop coolness, all disguised as exercise. I am no Britney Spears, it’s true, but I find that if I just lose myself in the thrumming beat and don’t watch myself in the mirror, I don’t feel nearly as awkward as I am sure I look. Sometimes I fantasize about breaking out my moves at some wedding with an insanely cool DJ who has no aversion to playing profanity-laced, innuendo-laden, bass-heavy dance music.
However, off late, the games on PC seem to be going down as Microsoft focuses more and more on the XBoX. For me and a lot of other gamers, this will mean that the PC as a gaming rig is loosing its significance. If I need to have a gaming console to play games, I do not need to get Windows for my PC - I would rather get a Mac or install Linux - most probably Linux for my desktop ( which is already dual boot for many years) or a macbook if I buy a laptop.
I didn’t realize that every person feels loved/appreciated in a different way. Much to my surprise, not everyone is a quality time person. Some people have the love language of affirmation or receiving gifts, huh, seems strange to me! There are more love languages, five to be exact, that are identified by Chapman in his book.
The taxi driver spoke no English; we spoke no Mallorquí (local dialect) and our Spanish was very rusty (think decades). No need to chit-chat, however. In less than 9 minutes we were standing outside the bus terminal just minutes before our bus was to leave. Did I mention I was recovering from the flu and was having difficulty breathing? Amazing how humans can adapt when the need arises. We may have been a tad sweaty, but we made it. Sitting safely on the bus, we agreed that the taxi fare was possibly the best €20 we ever spent. Given the close call, we also realized that we might not have made the L211 bus if we’d caught the No. 1 bus out of the airport. I wouldn’t have thought I’d ever say, “Thank goodness we missed the bus!”
For I am haunted by them.
Members of the New England Revolution of Major League Soccer were among those who grabbed the passenger near an exit door, FBI spokesman Gary Johnson said. Tie wraps were placed on the man, whose name was not immediately released. He was taken into custody in Oklahoma City and placed under psychiatric evaluation.
I am working hard on my jewelry website, Alexandra Amaro, and it never ceases to amaze me exactly how much freaking work goes into establishing and maintaining a good online presence.
Place the parsnips, shallot, garlic, and olive oil on a jelly roll pan lined with foil.
My Novio came home with three horseradish tops and they graced our Seder table along with everything else. The little green leaves, symbolizing hope and optimism, sprouting up from the gnarled root. Just like life – joy in hardship, hardship in joy.
That would all be racist. Right?
So many people are waiting in line, so many people
The offender’s sorrow lends but weak relief
David Burnett (English Democrats) 209 (8.5%)
STO: Obviously you all listen to a wide range of music but if your houses were burning down which album would you save first?
a mild shake of shiver
and reckless,
One gets mixed up rather easily. Neither Ventrifact’s apparent skull image nor 4 Eva’s subtle fish head are allowed any theatrical lighting or any play of shadows across their surface. They are simply there, grinning at you without much to say. The point maybe was to see them in relation to Magic Eye, 2006, Pieta, 2006, or Buddha Crab, 2006. After all, why not have a fish head crawling to shore next to Buddha Crab – its gold filigree at attention atop a throne of sand, a small moment to conjure religion and explanation for the universe? What would be the harm of having Ventrifact, bathed in excessive light and stripped of all its potential drama, placed adjacent to Pieta, its transparent market sensibility allowed its full theatricality? However, in the context of such a large space, these effects were lost. The crab shiva didn’t speak to the fish head.
Brown ground beef and drain grease. Add the ground beef to a 9x13 baking dish, stir in the two cans of beans and the can of cream of mushroom soup and mix all together with the ground beef. Spread the mixture into a 9x13 pan.
grilled hot dogs with traditional condiments
I guess it is question of how deep is the hurt. When the hurt penetrates deeper into the crevices of heart it is difficult to nurture a bond. The heartstrings lose the elasticity, they break . All one can do is forgive and move on. We learn from past relationships, we learn all the time, every moment teaches us something one just needs to be aware. I have realized we can either make it bitter or better. I want to bring out the nectar from the poison.
Aha! Another leap from the page: FEAR IS THE CULPRIT! It rivals submission. It robs us of rest. It cloaks our joy in the Lord with a blanket of despair.
Rating 8.
This wasn't actually that bad, what really hurt was tying the treadles up, which required me to crawl under the loom MANY times.
I'm going to close with a very cute little story. I hope you enjoy...
And if I'm being coy it's because this family member has chosen not to share this diagnosis with others outside immediate family and close friends for the time being. And I have to respect that choice. If you aren't looking for symptoms, it's not that obvious in day-to-day interactions.
I said I'd never do it, said it was a bridge too far. Funny how you never know exactly how far is too far until you get there, eh?
What would you put in a meal-planning app? What's the best food/cooking app you've tried?
I created the following two composite art pieces as tributes
Now look at the arguments of conservatives. They are almost invariably arguments about trade-offs, costs, "the downside" of a measure. As I've written before, the first obligation of the conservative is to explain why nine out of ten new ideas are probably bad ones. When feminists pound the table with the heels of their sensible shoes that it is unfair that there are any conflicts between motherhood and career, the inevitable response from conservatives boils down to "You're right, but life isn't fair."
Without a second thought about the Ipod I tear off towards the lake, taking notes of my pesky ego trying to talk me out of it along the way. Do you really want to do this? What about your hair? It’ll be dirty? There will be bugs or snakes or other ridiculousness? Even as I reach the edge I turn a shoulder, but something nags me to just put my feet in. That’s it, that’s all I needed. I tear off my sweats and t-shirt and take off towards the other side. My ego will not die silently the, though, as I have thoughts of vulnerability as I cross the path in my spandex shorts and bra. No one’s there silly stop thinking and anticipating. I get to the side look down, put my feet in: it’s cooler than I thought. Bam, I just fling myself forward, completely submerging under the water and letting my arms propel me forward, letting my feet leave the ground. I relax. Stop thinking, breathe, BE. I feel alive. Just like I felt hiking this weekend (I talk off with my backpack, tent, sleeping bag and five fingers, just driving until I found a state park I wanted to stop at to hike, sleep on the ground and be primal), I feel truly ALIVE. I don’t know what it’s like to be high, but this has got to be ten times better. This is what we all search for this feeling, but most of the time it’s just an imitation and we get all of the side affects of the drug. We speed up time or alter our state of mind. I don’t want to change my thoughts, I’m content and want to relish in this moment. I want the REAL thing, I choose LIFE. I’m still working on bottling and BEING this feeling all the times, but these little glimpses make me aware that its out there for me to grab. But I feel absolutely magnetic. Not a care or a worry. Lately I know that change is coming and things and relationships are shifting in my life (just like I felt earlier this year before my dad left ownership to me and mom). Problem is that I’ve been Trying to figure them out, to predict what’s coming. Debating with myself: stay, go, what doI manifest? I’ve let myself get wrapped up in Body Change, consuming my thoughts to the point of confusion. Swimming across I realized what I usually tell myself: live in the moment and just let things happen. I don’t need or want a crystal ball, I don’t need to know what’s coming. What happens, happens and I’ll deal with it then. I don’t always need to see the bottom of the pool or have a direction, I just need to stay above water. If I let myself feel like I am drowning, then that’s where I’ll end up, on the bottom of the pool. If I keep my head up and just focus one stroke at a time or relax and tread for a bit, then I’ll stay above. Sometimes you just need to jump in. Leave your ego on the shore and swim towards your true self and the unknown because fear/memes are left behind with your ego and only possibility remains in sight.
Plus side, I did leave the city with some fairly decent reads, some of which I’ve added to The Pile. Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas might be something I should consider re-reading, if only to ensure I hadn’t missed anything amid all the drug-induced hallucinations and conflicts that occurred throughout the book.
A Black History Celebration
“If a serving senior Federal Court judge who presided in Teoh’s RCI can be ignored by the AG, then what is the weight of the recommendations by Hanif (left) or Shim to him?”
Hee hee hee. Cute, huh? I've been almost all of those at one point in my life :).
Flash forward.
73. Death Sentence
Of the three in the bottom 3, I think Stefano is the most likely candidate to get whacked. He's consistently been one of the weaker links this season. He's not awful, but nor is he memorable (ballads will do that). He's patently unoffensive, but nor does he make people want to pick up the phone or send a gazillion texts for him. Plus, he hasn't gotten as much face time as some of the others.
Anyway, the journey home reminded me just how much I hate Dalgety Bay. Possibly the most pointless station on the Edinburgh to Dundee line. Even more pointless than Springfield and that's saying something. The station just slows you down, it's so close to Inverkeithing that the time between stations is around two minutes and Dalgety Bay itself is a reasonable walk south from the station.
Have a great day!!!
But once people actually get to know me, they find out that I am actually a lovely person and immediately take me to the bosom of their hearts where I will remain for the rest of their lives. Always there. Lurking. Watching. Waiting.
Progressive and Mr. Lewis illustrate how 10Xers shine when clobbered by setbacks and misfortune, turning bad luck into good results. They use difficulty as a catalyst to deepen purpose, recommit to values, increase discipline, respond with creativity and heighten productive paranoia — translating fear into extensive preparation and calm, clearheaded action. Resilience, not luck, is the signature of greatness.
Will I get to see a lot of Steldor?
Jalapeno Poppers
The state of Maryland granted me a year from expiration to renew. If I missed that deadline, I’d have to take the test again. The embarrassment of doing that was the only motivator to get it done. Let’s be honest — taking two children under the age of two to the DMV is a special kind of hell. No matter how much you love those children.
I hope you're all well; I have been looking in around the blogosphere and many of my favourites seems to have had a similar line of thinking and have since the election finished blogging also which is of course a shame, but I am happy to see many other favourites still going strong.
As the school year is drawing to a close, it's time to start thinking about graduation! My big graduate is 'graduating' from preschool this year and she is so very excited to be joining her big brother and sister in elementary school this fall.
I want to call him tomorrow as he is due to have his conference call on Wednesday. We have been very busy beavers around our home. We are shredding, cleaning, making Goodwill donations, selling some old furniture with a consignment shop, buying some new pieces, having the carpets and tile cleaned, the grout cleaned and resealed.... and the decluttering continues.
I repeat that Paul is the only human writer that reveals this truth to us. In fact, in 1 Corinthians 15:51, he called it a “mystery”. It was that which had been hid in God from the foundation of the earth, not made known unto sons of man but now it is made known to and through the apostle of the Gentiles.
A few seconds ago · Like
If I use a patterned backing, it wouldn't show up the trapunto. I haven't seen enough antique applique red and green quilts to know what they did in those times but you might.
Sorting out washing and clothes for our holiday. Trying to get organised. Nipped down the road to get some bread, and discovered a magical fairy world, clothed in frosty white, so I had to get my camera and go for an explore.
Sew in your ends & put it on - now you know why this yarn is named "superior".
Still some carpet stains to deal with…
This has been a good month. I've tried hard to make my posts meaningful and to document our life in a realistic way. I hope I have succeeded in showing how some days our life has everything to do with Down syndrome, but most days it has nothing to do with our life. During this month each year I have pondered how simple it is for us to reduce Down syndrome to the confinements of a month. While I "struggle" to post each night I remember that Riley will have Down syndrome each and every day. He doesn't get to share it only during a special month or when it works for him. Each and every day he wears Down syndrome on his face. I am thankful for each and every person that looks past his almond eyes and sees Riley for the spunky little mischievously wonderful boy that he is. He is special not because he has Down syndrome but because there is something special that shines when he smiles. Something in those eyes that screams joy and love all wrapped up in a sly little boy.
The collection is called Electronically Yours. I think I’ll post about one a day on here. Read them, don’t feel shy about leaving comments, good or bad. I’m a big girl and I can take it. I just hope someone out there enjoys them.
Someday when I grow up, I’m going to start painting with oils. Until then, I would love it if anyone has any photos they personally took of night scenes in New York or other cities with colorful streets to send to me. I would love some inspiration from you guys and gals, so bring it on! Post a photo to the Facebook fan page and I’ll check it out!
I haven’t done that in quite a while and voila, what better way to kick off the year. So first up is Courtney Milan. Let me give you a little history since this query letter came through via a recommendation from my current client Sherry Thomas.
Also, after the kids wrote their names on the white board, I asked if it was easier or harder with the sock on their hands. They said easier (because they're Kindergartners, and they think they can make everything easy). I then reminded them that it took them a lot longer to write their name as well with the sock on as without.
My sister…her and her boyfriend just bought a house so they are one up on me, but she works half ass at a job and is still attempting college. She wants to be a teacher but can’t pass the classes. She has a business degree but no business to manage. Mom helped them buy the house, paid for most of her car, paid for 50% of her college, and is forking out a fortune for this wedding. And this is her perfect child…the one she will do anything for. My sister has racked up major credit card debt, can’t get a loan on her own.
The single never charted in the US or UK but it has become a cult favorite among fans of both Queen and Highlander. To see the intro of the TV series, click HERE.
"Clyde, there's two types of people in this world---those that are in gaol and those that could have been"
It’s watertight house keeps you may be trouble to concern yourself outlet stores online people today designer purses inside of the organization rainy days.
I am pregnant! Say what?!
The one layer card has come round again at Less is More and the particular challenge this week is to include script in your card - in addition to the sentiment. Funnily enough, I've had the idea for this card in my head for a while so it all came together very quickly. Come and have a look:
"At the time Beth and I married, Karla was in the throes of her disabilities, Bipolar and Borderline Personality disorder, which left her in some ways to struggle with forever being a child herself, subject to whim or sudden changes of heart. Like a balloon adrift on the wind, she would step out to pick something up from the grocery store and not come back for literally a year or more. This is not to diminish Karla as shallow or careless. Karla had an extraordinarily deep and tender soul. Inasmuch as she struggled to breach the threshold of her illnesses, she had a depth of feeling and understanding that was wise many times beyond her years. The pain of birthing children and ultimately having to let them go, to be raised by someone else, gave Karla a depth of insight that few people have on what a privilege it is to be a parent. It was something she ached for. Children, having them, loving them, wanting the best for them were at the core of her being. And though she was always openly thankful to us, it was always her aspiration to break through one day and to recover some of the years of parenting she had missed.
The first pack I shot (I had 3 packs) was not like anything I’ve shot from Impossible, but what is? Every new film has it’s own traits. I stated shooting indoor still-lifes, which I am normally pretty good at. Not this time. I was not getting any background color (or image) and it looked as though my subjects where in a black hole. Then, after a few terrible attempts it started to make sense. The background and subject must be very similar in terms of lighting and tone.
Lavender Lies by Susan Wittig Albert
HENRY JAGLOM: Like it. Getting older, you get the depth of things more. You waste your time a lot less, and you appreciate things more. There is just more meaning. You no longer care about just 'me-me-me.' The canvas has become so very much more rich. I've been thinking about doing a film about this subject that I was gonna call, "aging."
I came to my senses too. I went for a ride.
The heady scent of lilies that greets you when you walk into the dark church…
In what has become a familiar pattern, the government defunds services that might help the poor while ramping up law enforcement. Shut down public housing, then make it a crime to be homeless. Generate no public-sector jobs, then penalize people for falling into debt. The experience of the poor, and especially poor people of color, comes to resemble that of a rat in a cage scrambling to avoid erratically administered electric shocks. And if you should try to escape this nightmare reality into a brief, drug-induced high, it's 'gotcha' all over again, because that of course is illegal too.
5 – Mentally relive old failuresIf you lost a job or got a demotion or didn’t get the position you were vying for, brood over it. Dwelling on past mistakes, unresolved conflict, and ongoing disagreements will help give you perspective on your current situation. Obsessing over negative experiences helps you avoid them in the future.
The University of Sussex already has leading research in closely related areas within the School, such as within the Centre for German-Jewish Studies, and in related fields across other schools in the University.
For the cheeks, I used a soft berry colored blush from Maybelline and Golden Bronze iridescent loose powder as my highlight.
White is charged in three narcotics conspiracies – involving a total of about 25 kilograms of cocaine and about 22 kilograms of marijuana – as well as three substantive drug possession counts. White is also charged with one count of receiving a bribe. If convicted, White would face a mandatory minimum prison sentence of 10 years and could be sentenced to as much as life in prison.
I also have some plans for the newspaper pages... but to find out what they are you will need to keep an eye on my blog. In the next couple of days I will post the pages I create this evening.
You can imagine our shock therefore to come across this defamatory story in the middle of all these frantic preparations.
¾ cup (packed) light brown sugar
· Share a step-by-step tutorial (does not need to be your original idea, but would be nice) as per rotating schedule for our blog and yours.
11. Bombarding me with emails/spam after I request information on their services.
The dining room table was covered in "stuff." You know, trip stuff. Dirty clothes. Presents. Food. Wrappers. Things that need to be put away at 11o'clock at night on a Saturday. To the left was another treat for mom- a car seat, freshly covered in grade A, travel puke. Yum.
We of course talked about the details later and tried it. There was no problem the first or second week. Then the third week I didn't lose that pound. I was a nervous wreck and desperately tried to talk him out of it. We hadn't uttered a word about Dd, only about this one agreement. He told me that a deal was a deal and to get myself ready and meet him in the bedroom. I did NO such thing. He had to come find me and take me there by the hand. He reminded me that I had asked him to hold me accountable. I realized how ridiculous I was being and stopped with my complaining. He pulled out a paddle he'd had from our engagement days. I remembered that thing...and I didn't like it. He bent me over the bottom of our bed and gave me a dozen or so hard swats. He didn't let me keep my pants up either. It wasn't any fun at all and I was very determined to make sure it didn't happen again, because I knew he wasn't going to let me out of this agreement.
We’ve had rain off and on for the past couple of days, so I’ve been able to get more work done on some of my back-logged photos. If we had enough rain for me to completely catch up, I think we would all need arks.
Stay tuned. The scenery and the stories get better in the next post.
Morton Sea Salt $.69 (on sale!)
*To read at least 5 and hopefully 7 books by the time I'm done.
But with any good diet, you need the exercise as the companion. Today I warmed up on the elliptical and roller bladed around my block while walking my dog. It was an easy beginning to my day, and though it may not be much something is always better than nothing. I hope to continue on with this motivation.
“The media should refrain from discussing the content of this new report. The court should be given adequate time to study it first and process the information. There are procedures which need to be adhered to in a court of law in regards to how expert witnesses and the defendant give evidence. Having a public debate on this issue before the case goes to court is not the correct way to conduct a case,” Lippestad says.
My old girl, Mindy Lou, is 26. She was my first horse and I got her when I was 13 and she was a yearling. I wrote a tribute to her here. This winter has been hard on her, and she had a bad night on the 23rd where she laid down for too long and her body temp dropped to 94. It's supposed to be 100. Her back legs weren't working very well. The vet said it's up to her to stand up before morning. With an electric blanket and comforters and blankets from Pam's house her body temp got back up to normal and she stood up on her own a little after midnight. She seems to be doing OK, kind of back to just being an old horse, although is going to be in a stall with hand walking until the temperatures warm up. I remember when I was overseas and couldn't sleep I would think about showing Mindy to relax. That point in a class where you've scoped out all the competition in your peripheral vision and KNOW you've won the class. And know that your horse won't take a wrong step, will go through all the puddles, and will do a halt to canter transition if need be. Made even sweeter by the fact that your dad, who knew nothing about horses, got up at 4:30 every horse show morning and hooked up the old orange truck to the 1968 green 2-horse to get you there. And carried water buckets. And mom would show up to "help" although her version of holding a horse was following it around letting it eat hay from hay bags tied to other people's trailers. And that you trained your own horse through a lot of trial and error, and often placed higher than the trainer you took lessons from.
.....well I made it anyways.
As a tie-in to the post “What if there was a girl?“, there was. She and I are, however, only friends. But I would be lying if I said that I didn’t wish there was more. I waited to ask her out officially because I wasn’t sure I was physically attracted. I became sure–it was only the second time that has ever happened for me with a member of the ‘fairer sex.’ By then, she’d decided against dating me. I respect her decision, though I do wish she’d change her mind. I don’t like any other girls, so it’s not like there’s anyone to “move on” to; so friends it is, for the moment.
Luk 13:25-27 NET. Once the head of the house gets up and shuts the door, then you will stand outside and start to knock on the door and beg him, ‘Lord, let us in!’ But he will answer you, ‘I don’t know where you come from.’ (26) Then you will begin to say, ‘We ate and drank in your presence, and you taught in our streets.’ (27) But he will reply, ‘I don’t know where you come from! Go away from me, all you evildoers!’
Good news, everyone! I finished my rewrites!
Once risen punch down the dough and allow to rise once again for about 1.5 hrs. This can be skipped if you don’t have the time.
THIS GIVEAWAY IS NOW CLOSED.
7. Take the dough, a piece at a time, and roll it out with your hands until you have rolls about 3/4 inch in diameter.
Hanazakari no Kimitachi e (a.k.a. Hana Kimi)
1) There is no substitute for the Four Gospels
As the workplace continues to change, laws and regulations need to change accordingly for both employers and employees to realize the full benefits of telework.
Tired. Mine eyes have seen too much and need their rest but life is in the way. My mind is all over the place – one moment imagining spring and the warmth of the sun on my skin, and the next racing forward to August and the next postcard poetry fest! Wishing time away, sweeping it around my feet so I can get on with what’s on my mind. The future has sneaked into my periphery and I feel the need to get things sorted.
BOOKMARKS!
Not only this, but when you sign for the best rakeback deal, you also receive poker bonus as well. Now, how cool is that?
do you think she wasnt in pain too?
Listening to your fear of failure is the one sure way to fail. So arm yourself against it. Ask yourself how much you want the goals you've set yourself. When I did this, my answer was simple. A writing career is so important to me that I'm willing to put in the long hours and the hard work. I'm willing to deal with all the ups and downs.
You may be eager for organic roof-grown lettuce, but the Gowanus Institute sent us an email saying hold up a minute: allowing the Whole Foods (planned for 3rd Avenue and 3rd Street, shown above ) will "be the beginning of the end of manufacturing activity in this immediate area, and that includes The Can Factory."
Hello followers! I've been meaning to do a giveaway for a while but I've never seen to have the time. Well, a little late is better than never I suppose. :)
No longer gardens or lawn.
So, just letting you know that I won't be updating this blog in the immediate future. But never say never.
The turbines have a life expectancy of 20 years.
561710 Exterminating & pest control services
Before this unremarkable easy listening tune started in the movie, I had spied this very suspicious group in the background, and my Bollywood intuition told me that they were more than your typical gori extras.
Thank you for contacting me regarding the legalization of marijuana. I appreciate hearing your thoughts on this issue.
But, circumstances change, and they changed badly enough that I ended up moving in with a friend in Ohio again. Bear in mind that at this point I had managed to stay out of her clutches for at least a year. It had just passed my twentieth birthday when she worked her charms on me again and managed to convince me to come down to live with her again in Florida.
You made me feel like I was less than who I am, it’s true,
That awaken truth’s true intent
-Changing your mindset
While his heart beats the music of our enchantment,
What goes into the suitcase? That's the tough stuff to decide and obviously changes depending on destination. Generally speaking, I try and think like a man when I am packing. I have always thought their ability to wear a suit to almost any occasion one of the great advantages of their sex. So that's what I do...I choose my version of a suit...I pack a jacket, skirt, pants and or dress that is colour co-ordinated and that will take me anywhere. The pieces must be interchangeable and wearable with shirts and tees, flats or heels. My rule is one pair of heels and one pair of ballet flats - this footwear can take me from day to night, from appointment to party. My alternative handbag other than the Longchamp is a small clutch that fits my phone, a credit card and cash. In winter I add a couple of cashmere sweaters, in summer extra tee shirts. Two silk scarves, some costume jewellery to glam up the night time and that's it...I'm done. I have the trench-coat for wind, rain and cold and the converse if I am walking miles. It is not the most exciting or varied of wardrobes but it works well for business trips and those holidays that are on the move and about the sightseeing.
“They won’t keep you?” he asked intuitively.
As the skies have grown more congested, so has the incidence of bird strike. Up to 2,000 incidents of birds colliding with aeroplanes have been reported annually in the United States alone; many more are recorded worldwide (indeed, the International Bird Strike Committee was set up some years ago by commercial, military and private aviation bodies to investigate such incidents and find ways of reducing of the frequency and risk of collisions between aircraft and birds).
I casually got on one night and browsed for Honda Odyssey vans and look what was there!
Writers had to endure rejection, and be persistent. They had to keep trying harder, improving their writing, to get to the point of being published. And they had to impress a lot of people.
“Cats also take out a lot of wind turbines too. Err, birds. I meant.” big cat.
IP: We should do budgeting together as a council. More efficient.
Michael McDonald - keyboards, vocals
The thing that turns Gene's world upside down is the announcement that there's going to be a hunt. For hepers. Members of the "people" will be selected at random, trained, and allowed to hunt hepers that have been raised in captivity. Guess what -- Gene is randomly selected, and faces even more challenges to keep his true identity hidden. Vampires don't drink water or eat anything except raw meat. Now that Gene is constantly among them, there isn't any water available.
The cordyceps grows from a spore inside the ant and turns it into a zombie. Eventually, the cordycep bursts through the ant's head or body and spreads more spores to other ants. The infected ant has the sense to get well away from the nest before its unfortunate day with the spores to minimise risk to its co-ants. It's not a pretty sight.
in it’s books that it was a corporate social responsibility project.
This "stiff" icing is perfect for outlining and even for building gingerbread houses and monogramming. To fill in your cookies, add water to your icing a teaspoon at a time, stirring with a rubber spatula, until it is the consistency of syrup. This technique of filling a cookie with thinned icing is called "flooding."
1-2 tablespoons yellow or Dijon mustard, to taste
AMOK TIME has its flaws, but the core of the show – the relationship between Kirk, McCoy, and Spock that gets put to the test by pon farr – is completely solid and enjoyable and it’s episodes like this, despite whatever contrivances or holes they may contain, that keeps me looking forward to the next episode. It’s still a bit creepy to see Spock staring at a picture of T’Pring as a kid when you realize what he’s going through, but it is nice to watch a show that can be occasionally ridiculous and yet still highly enjoyable.
–BE INSPIRING and BE INSPIRED!
So my first short-term goal is going to be My first one to reach and one of my biggest problems……..EXERCISE..because of some of my medical issues I am limited on exercising and have to take it kind of slow and I can’t walk much right now……..So everyday I will set an exercise goal to try to get thru for that day but my first short-term goal is going to be to be able to Walk to the Church and back…there is a church just down the road right now I can barely walk across the road so down the road and back is a big deal….I will clock it in my truck over the weekend to see how far it is for sure to walk there and back…and i need to make up a small reward for that
Elvis Presley - It's Now or Never - 28 Million
So, as we plunge ever deeper into this digital quagmire, are the only choices Matrix or Unimatrix?
Although long winded, my previous post outlined how I got to this point and perhaps where I want to go from here (hopefully). What I want to make clear is that this is my journey and I completely understand if you don’t agree with me. Also know that you have the right to hit that little cross on the right or left hand side of the browser window if you don’t agree. I would much prefer that over an abusive comment please.
Strong technical skills, business intelligence, and a full understanding of business processes Highly desired 3 Years 2 – Proficient
Unfortunately, we’ve been tracking a set of emails that falsely claim that the 2010 health care reform legislation (which contained a burdensome 1099 reporting requirement, now repealed) imposed a 3.8% sales tax or transfer fee on all home sales in 2013. There is an element of fact underlying this rumor, but for the most part this claim is false.
(1) We should drill in ANWAR. Drill here, drill now, drill everywhere!
Such as these pretty drapery panels.
A darker aspect is that this new power balance/imbalance means men are having to grapple with feelings of inferiority that they’re not quite accustomed to, and this can be hard on couples, particularly in a world that almost presumes women will have inferiority complexes.
Waiting for the fish to bite or waiting for wind to fly a kite or waiting around for Friday night or waiting, perhaps, for their Uncle Jake or a pot to boil, or a Better Break or a string of pearls, or a pair of pants or a wig with curls, or Another Chance. Everyone is just waiting.
I would definitely Recommend this Toy to everyone! I was actually really surprised how much "DD" enjoyed playing with this and she keeps coming back to it over and over again to play with. I Love it because this is a Great Organic Developmental Toy that is constantly teaching her Shapes, Sorting, Different Textures and Colors!
The timing worked particularly well for me--I would graduate about a week or two before my "beard card" expired.
extra sugar, for dipping glass
Aside from all this we have trouble brewing with Iran and of course the huge US deficit and debt, which can never realistically be repaid. It’s only the severe problems in Europe that are currently deflecting attention away from the “engine of the ship”.
Working for any MNC can cause ethical concerns for some due to their corporate practices and business tactics; however, working for a company with the breadth and longevity like Coca-Cola is appealing for others.
They were arrested for a total of about 700,000 criminal offenses, averaging about 13 offenses per illegal alien. One arrest incident may include multiple offenses, a fact that explains why there are nearly one and half times more offenses than arrests. Almost all of these illegal aliens were arrested for more than 1 offense. Slightly more than half of the 55,322 illegal aliens had between 2 and 10 offenses.
At the end of the day, if one still doesn’t know if blogging is the right path for him or her, Ford’s tip from December of 2011 should be taken into consideration, “In general, there are two reasons for why you should be doing something: either doing it brings you joy, or doing it puts you on a path that will get you closer to your final goal. If something doesn’t fulfill either of these two purposes, it might be time to stop doing it.”
I turned to Brian, “You remember when we were on the way to your apartment, what happened?”
There will be a quiz on Wednesday.
Me: I kind of froze, thinking my sister might have said something, but she doesn’t know your name either. So I froze… and my mom, said, “I’m not stupid Ragan, we know what you’ve done, what you’ve said, we have it all here on paper.” I could hear my dad in the background, he got on the phone and now… I’m going toDisneyland and my Mother’s College Graduation.
“Yours isn’t the only cell number Declan dug up. He texted me a report on Algar. It seems that son of a whore has a few side businesses we need to check into.” Sybil’s delicate features turned hard.
Too often, while moms are doing all the mom things of the world, they are also being hard on themselves, wondering if they’ve done enough, or done it well enough. If they’ve asked every question, answered every challenge, picked up every bit of debris, brought home the bacon, cooked it up in a pan, and left the pan clean as a whistle.
There is often a change of viewpoint in the second half, and the refrain (last two lines)is frequently a play on words or a pun.
Don Wilson (Lib Dem) 1926
Come dressed for a casual Beach Tiki BBQ (bathing suits welcome)
Write a free verse poem or other type of poem.
Help to normalize stomach function
Can't even remember the name but this is how it goes.
Returning to the case of practical inference, Brandom thinks that (a), (b) and (c) should be understood in a similar way to (d) and (e). He thinks that desires and similar pro-attitudes are to be understood as practical inferential commitments, which underwrite inferences from theoretical to practical commitments. We can then make assertions that make these commitments explicit in the same way that conditional claims make theoretical inferential commitments explicit:-
Firstly on Sunday evening Daughter-of-Furtheron and I were in the Swimathon. I first did this in 1989 and was a regular participant for years, but I haven't done it the last couple of years. We were both in the 5,000m individual challenge, D-o-F for the first time. Well we both completed it, both raised our sponsorship targets (but you can add to that if you'd like to!). D-o-F completed in 1 hour 33min and 37 seconds... hugely impressive and betters my best ever time by a few mins. I managed 1 hour 56 min 27 seconds - frankly to get under 2 hours was a surprise for me, I'd not trained the last couple of weeks due to the migraine issues and I pulled a muscle about 150 lengths in, I felt it go and the last 50 were difficult, the last 20 utter agony!
We are privileged to share this good news and are to live our lives as to examples of this grace in all we say and do. In the Old Testament, Aaron and the priests under the law would pour the anointing oil upon their heads; it would run down upon their beards, and onto their garments. They would be adorned with a sweet fragrance, a perfume that came from the anointing on the outside of their bodies. We have been anointed with a holy oil on the inside from Christ Jesus by His Spirit. And this anointing will never wear out, it cannot be washed off, its fragrance is eternal. Unlike the priests in the Old Testament who wore the fragrance on the outside, our High Priest adorns us from the inside, giving us the sweet fragrance of grace as a testament to the world and to God the Father.
About Allison Vesterfelt: Allison is the Editor-in-Chief of Prodigal Magazine, who believes that there’s more to life than meets the eye and she’s not afraid to prove it. She’s passionate about helping people to tell, hear and understand stories that inspire, uplift, encourage, and even convict by pointing to the truth of Jesus. She lives in West Palm Beach, Florida with her husband Darrell.
Chalk it up to cultural differences, there's always something that will irk you, no matter your origin. The day will come when an atrocious thing (like walking in poo, or watching naked neighbors, or generally too much saliva) will happen to you that an expat friend told you about. All you want to do is go to your favorite bar, sip your favorite drink and bitch to them about how batshit crazy this world is and how you fully understand why people sometimes try to jump off the Eiffel Tower to get away from it.
August 18 1993 at the VFW in Jonesboro, Arkansas
These are the hands that will hold you when fear or grief fills your mind.
To move on.
Abandoned at approximately four weeks of age at the gates of an orphanage.
We'd like to introduce our NEW CHALLENGE and it is LOTS OF LAYERS. So, layer up that card stock and designer paper plus embellishments, tags, whatever you want - just make sure your creation has LOTS OF LAYERS!
In the book we just wrote, Betsy Bird, Jules Danielson, and I discuss the murky origins of this dopey (pun intended) YA favorite, but praise the publisher for choosing a cover image that has literally lasted for generations. It's almost impossible to think of any other YA novel that has used the same cover photograph for nearly four decades. We can only assume that LUCY IN THE SKY (which references the title GO ASK ALICE on its cover) is paying an homage with its similar design.
On February 5, four or five men were seen disembarking from a police vehicle in Thornville.
When Daniels discovers that he is a criminal lawyer, she proclaims, "Is that why you want to see everyone behind bars?" It's a clever line, as the two first met in a pet store, where dozens of birds (and other animals) are kept in cages. Clearly, Daniels believes that Brenner also wants to cage or control her as well. As we learn that she created headlines the previous summer by jumping into a fountain in Rome (she relates to him that she was pushed in), we learn of her aloofness. Perhaps, Hitchcock and Hunter are saying, Daniels is tired of her freedom and wishes to be trapped.
Five of today’s hottest romance authors celebrate the special place animals hold in our hearts in one unforgettable new collection. From matchmaking parrots to proposing puppies, the animals in these enchanting stories are determined to lend a helping paw on the road to happily ever after. Don’t miss these never-before-published “tails” of couples whose pets give them a new leash on love!
Anyhoo... Here are some of the things I have done over the years...
Sorry for the bummer post!
Moderator: Lisa Grimm, Action Selling
Half the planet over is in ruin in barista or plantation growers
The abortion debate should be centered on one issue: the rights of a human being versus the rights of an embryo/ fetus.
My card stock is early espresso and the designer paper is Stampin-Up's "sending love speciality" collection.
Just like Odongkara, the mother, Grace Akumu, is happy to see these changes but does not want to be carried away as long as the definite cure remains a mystery.
With Agarwal falling early, and the gap between the rate scored and the rate required gaping wider by the over, I left, confident that with Ansari yet to bowl, Cambridge’s total was safe. Oxford were bowled out for 212 in the 48th over, Ansari’s figures 10-2-19-0 (economy rate 1.90).
except that time
At the end of the day, my goal is simply to stick with my plan over these next twelve weeks, stay injury free, and complete my first half marathon. Realistically, I am thinking that a 10:00 minute/mile average (roughly 2:20 to complete), is a realistic goal for me. However, having run in several shorter distances, marathon relays and 10Ks, I know that the adrenaline, atmosphere and energy of race day usually results in faster time.
A warning shot across the bows of a future number one.
Curation send signals to others and others will share information with you.
I must choose daily to be in His presence: it is easy to fall back into old habits, especially when we remove our eyes from Him. I am praying for a resurrection in my life: for a God breathed awakening.
Come on out beneath the shining sun
The final touch was topping the cupcakes with Elmo toppers that I had made previously by piping them with royal icing on waxed paper - the same method I used for the Superman cupcakes for my son's birthday.
“Ah,” said the Queen. “Stupidity, you mean.”
This got me thinking about what cars mean to boys. How cars mean way more than transportation. They mean freedom.
Bowling and entertainment options are available at Amoeba and movie enthusiasts can catch some of the latest silver screen releases at the multiplex, Cinepolis. The mall has been a one-stop destination mall for fun-filled outings as well. The executive director of the mall, Ganesh Rao, says, “Our endeavour is to provide a one-stop lifestyle destination for fashion, food and entertainment that makes for a good shopping experience for families.”
I’m sticking with my “publish some damn science” argument. I don’t see how data from every scientific lab could be kept out of every respectable scientific journal – those scientists and journals would be fascinated to learn anything new that’s well supported (that’s kinda what science is, after all), even if some politicians and oil magnates wanted it kept quiet.
- Shift your focus to the world around you and give back to
Yes, those are lyrics from a song by Britney Spears and although some might laugh at me, I don't really care 'cause my brain simply wouldn't let me come up with anything cleverer... lol
Average Price: $11 six-pack
Tonight I made a very quick, very basic noodle stir fry based on a not so basic stir fry Chris and I cooked on Saturday night. I took home the leftover veg to use so it wouldn’t go to waste and created a tasty little meal for myself.
Write "Baby Blue" in the mirror fog. Turn off the light and wait a minute. Hold out your arms like you are going to carry a baby. One of you will feel a weight in your arms, like a very heavy baby. You have to hold him for a while, then you can pass him to the next person. if you drop the baby while holding or passing him, you’ll get a scratch on your arm. Drop him twice, get another scratch. Drop him three times…he’ll shatter the mirror and stab you to death.
A terrorist is stuck in his identity. He hides it — has no rationale and inflicts pain. Whereas Bhagavad Gita helps one transcend one’s identity, encourages reason and infuses wisdom. In this sense, it could be called the antidote to terrorism.
Smart Station: 1637 4th Avenue, West Monroe, WI 53566, 608-329-3900. Offers B20 (good for any diesel engine). Open 24 HRS.
Call it transmedia, interactive media or the indescribable next leap in entertainment, but this Culver City start-up is trying to make it.
“Tomorrow is booked for you.”
And the content? How ridiculous. If my kids want to look at pornography, do you really think they are too stupid to find a way to do it? In this culture? Give me a break. So, first off, I think it is pointless to even try to restrict what they see. And second off, whatever they see, I know they are equipped to handle it. They grew up in this culture. Their sensibilities are tuned to this culture. Words and images that cause me discomfort or disgust they can disregard with a quick eye roll.
“Take me home, my beloved” I said to you “Take me away and turn this hell into paradise”
Dogfish Head My Antonia
Another case:
no earing
My inspiration for this card came again from Mona's awesome CR84FN8 color combo (You can see my 1st card HERE)!!! This time I focused more on the bright *pink* color....very fitting for sweet little baby Brooks :) !!! My digi image was colored with these Copic Markers ~ C0, C1, C2, RV09 and Colorless Blender. I embellished the card by adding some scored lines behind the main image. The DP is from the SU Rich Razzleberry Collection and the matching Ribbon is from the PTI Razzberry Fizz Collection. I finished the card with a punched out flower border (Martha Stewart) on the bottom, some piercing on top, some matching Buttons and some Silver Pearls...voila!!!
A couple of weeks ago, I blogged about a friend in South East London with pigeon problems on her balcony. There must be a lot of it about. I have another friend in North London with a similar problem. She told me yesterday she intends to take direct action.
My appointment with the midwife was postponed until next week ...
Imagine the decrease in frustration, the increase in interaction, and how much fun it would be if your child could express wants, needs, and excitement to you about all the new discoveries in his toddler life. Often children that have signed also develop verbal speech earlier. Kids that sign understand that a symbol, the sign, actually means something, a gesture connects to an item. These connections help link words to things too, and even the written word to the verbal word. It is all about connections or links.
As I said, they have an older home and the two closet doors are sliders. I know you've all seen them.
Juno then disappeared, leaving poor Psyche alone and no choice but to make her way over to the nearest temple to Venus. When she entered it, Venus was already there and ready to make Psyche go through hell to get to her beloved son.
Hello world! I just got back from a four month (jobless) vacay so last Monday morning was a little rough to squeeze in eight hours sitting at a desk and being on the computer....oh wait, I guess it isn't that much different from me sitting on my couch and being on the computer :)
Will you question if my commitment is real?
We are very sad.
For my card I used Mark's Finest Papers, a Heinrich Co "Today, Tomorrow and Always" stamp set for my card. I colored my image with watercolor crayons. I also used two different techniques from Technique Junkies called Stacked Nesties and Our of the Box.. I hope you enjoyed my card, thanks for stopping by and commenting. Check out the challenge at SpeedyTV to play along.
On page 33 of his book Fasting, Franklin writes:
Good luck to you and thanks for reading,
Nordstrom contended that Zanella's delay in correcting these registrations and its "history of false claims" supported a finding of fraud.
Little Man
On the left is the most recent copy of Scrap 365 lying under a scrap page layout from Shimmelle.com which I plan to use sometime. It came in surprisingly handy for testing out ink colours in the margin :)
I first heard the word bronchiectasis in September 1999. I was 59 at the time and blissfully unaware as to what was lurking in the dark recesses of my lungs and what a story it would reveal.
Chick Corea: 68 years old, still plays jazz on acoustic and electric keyboards. 2008 saw a Return to Forever reunion tour that was highly regarded.
of vicariously experiencing
Cream together butter, vanilla, milk/water and salt if using (it's good to dissolve the salt in the liquid, otherwise it might dissolve later in your frosting and mess up the colours). Add confectioners' sugar 1 cup at a time, mixing well at medium speed after each addition. Add the meringue powder with one of the cups of sugar, and continue mixing on medium speed until all ingredients have been thoroughly mixed together. Mix for an additional minute or so, until creamy.
2. Accidents Will Happen- Elvis Costello & the Attractions
'cause the whole world's got to be just like us.
On January 22, 2011 my wife, Keely, and I are hosting Mouthgasm 2011- a beer and food pairing experience. At Mouthgasm, we will be walking guests through the basics of beer and food pairing principles- balance, contrast, emphasis- and discussing the ins and outs of beer in the culinary realm. We're not professional chefs, food critics, or even foodies. We're food porn fetishists- we get our jollies on jellies, and so forth. Keely and I have been concocting concoctions in our kitchen for several years, and have found personal success, enjoyment, and beervana in our adventures, and in our mouths. We will be showing you how simple beer and food pairing is, and how incredibly fun and enriching it can be.
Still waiting for lambs. It appears that my observations were not correct. Sometimes ewes have what is called a 'false heat' and then have a proper heat about 10 days later. If that is correct, then Eirina will be the 15th and Lifa the 18th. In the meantime, Draga seems to be in labour. Isn't she huge? Last night it was below freezing so I set my alarm for every two hours to get up and check on her. She isolated herself from the rest of the flock and her bulk seems to have shifted back. She is even more enormous now, if that is possible.
- and most were between 50-70% off!
Coalition chairman Ze’ev Elkin (Likud) on Wednesday submitted a bill to dissolve the Knesset, which will be put to a vote next week, bringing an early election that is likely to take place on September 4.
What was interesting is that the article mentioned that FindWhat.com first received a letter from Overture in 1989 about its patent. I wonder which patent they're referring to, since the information regarding the current suit lists only 1 patent that was filed in 1999 (typo perhaps?). Anyways, assuming there's another, earlier patent, that is over 15 years in delaying action according to my calculations. What was Overture doing during this time?
power.” As God’s Words carry and transmit power, your words also have in
A LITTLE ABOUT BIRDCAGE AND ITS SPECIALS
Many of us sit down to write an inventory and tell everything that happened to us. How we were done wrong and why every bad thing that ever happened is someone else’s fault. As we progress through Step Five, we find that the focus is not on others but on ourselves. After years of lying to ourselves and everyone we knew, our freedom is found in honestly taking responsibility for our own motivations, behaviors and patterns.
“I have planted, Apollos watered; but God gave the increase. So then neither is he that planteth anything, neither he that watereth; but God that giveth the increase.”
So, if you’ve ever fancied yourself as a bit of a filmmaker or have ambitions to become the next David Fincher or Steven Spielberg, this could be just what you need to get noticed by the right people and start to make your dreams a reality!
I sent a note home with my kiddos to put a bug in parents' ears and one of my two projects is already funded only 3 hours after dismissal! So, now we're getting some new computer games from Lakeshore for our student computers and for us to use together with the LCD/Mimio Pad combo (which is AMAZING!).
riff - this term seems to be adapted, misused and recycled from musicianspeak. In rhetoric, people who write about stand-up comedy talk about someone 'going off on a riff about...' meaning a run of memories, gags and chat on a given subject. You can also say, 'he was riffing about...' analogous to adlibbing or impro-ing. I think this irritates musicians who say that the 'riff' isn't the impro. The impro is the impro. The riff is the thing you impro about. Don't make musicians angry or they'll...
Here’s a brief synopsis and response to the above video: This one’s got it all. From pineal gland activation to growing your own food and Conan O’Brian. I personally love seeing a video such as this, for it encapsulates so much of the research I have found in scattered corners of the web and synthesizes it into about 19 minutes of positive vibratory knowledge. As for my comments, I have to say, that tidbit about the three littler lemonaders was quite astonishing. Three little girls can’t sell lemonade without a business license? Please, give me a god damn break! Our laws, originally intended to protect freedom, are now robbing us of freedom. Remember, we must not “fight back” in an “us versus them” attempt to restore order through anarchy. You must accept the change with peace and tranquility in your heart. What is particularly interesting about this little “arrest” is that just ten short days ago, our president, Barrack Obama, signed an executive order into law which was some interesting provisions (see link below). Although the bill applies to energy, technology, and production, there is a large portion of this bill which pertains directly to food. With a population growing s rapidly, the food economy is becoming increasingly hard to handle. And, this isn’t because we can’t support that kind of population, it is because the current system of food production needs to be revamped. More people should eat less, more people should begin a sungazing practice, and more people should grow their own food. Those three steps could do wonders for our world. Now, this video calls food additives and quality into question. It says that the government purposefully poisons our food to manipulate our pineal gland. This may seem like a stretch to some, but I wholly agree with this notion. I talked a lot in my previous post about the strength of DMT. Many people report that a DMT experience (whether self-propagated or synthetic) increases intellect, executive control, and openness of mind. It is used freely among South American Shamans. In the Land of the Free, that substance is illegal and could lead to your imprisonment, the ultimate theft of your natural rights. Not to mention the fact that TV, according to the video, also harms the brain. There is no doubt that the media is controlled by the powers that be. Now, evidence shows that the food industry is, too. And, as the video says, these powers are negative beings. They are ego-absorbed and want to harm you. Free yourself! So, to put poisonous additives in food is not a stretch. Truly, there can abolutely zero speculation on the point that there are such poisons in our products. Flouride = rat poison. You brush your teeth with rat poison (unless you have already purchased one of the many excellent flouride free brands!). That is all I have to say for now; I’m outta juice..
your thorns are the best part of you. ~ Marianne Moore, “Roses Only”
There is that Pinterest thing again and so I had to go figure out what this is all about. I am by no means an expert as I have only been researching this for less than 24 hours. Here is what I found it. Pinterest is a site where people can ‘pin’ pictures of their favorite things to create boards that can be shared with other people on Pinterest. If you like to create vision boards or just collect favorite pictures that you find on the internet than this is a great site to collect everything in one place.
It's a rainy windy day at the lake. This is day four of rains, winds, huge gusts on the lake, so much so that we are still stoking fires and keeping warm and dry as much as possible.
Christmas is drawing ever closer now and you must all have had enough of making Christmas cards so we have a lovely challenge this week for you all. :)
We decided a nice larger vehicle would be good for our trip, since we would now be spending a few weeks in route to our friends and other attractions. So we ended up with this baby
None, no force, no one on this earth
So far, in the two weeks that we have been here, all the other people from the States that we had met had told us how fantastic it was to have an empleada, which is Spanish for “employee” in the broad sense, but a more specific meaning is “maid”. When I expressed my reservation about having someone in the house during all hours of the day while I was there, to a person, everyone told me that those feelings would go away in a few weeks after the maid was doing her magic.
GS Reporter: Montoya
"When a thing has to be attempted, one must never think about possibility or impossibility". C.S. Lewis
In the 20th century, women have reclaimed weaving as an art. In the Bauhaus movement, women were virtually relegated to the loom, however, as sexual stereotyping shaped assumptions about “women’s art.”
"Yes! BFF's just like us."
Friday evening, my daughter gathered her dolls and put them in my bed. We’ve made it a tradition for us that she will sleep in my bed when the guys go camping. I have to say, I was extremely happy to have my husband in bed with me Sunday evening. Sleeping with my daughter and all of her dolls is not fun.
KG Do you have any other talents such as playing an instrument?
What if, instead, we looked at the degree program from a more multifaceted approach? Certainly we should consider the financial costs, future opportunities, and potential return on investment. However, we also should consider what we are willing to invest in time, effort, and relationships, and how we can use the years in which we invest these assets to distinguish ourselves from the crowds.
To entice my mojo into creative mode I thought I'd try making some handmade Fimo carrots. Not to difficult and it only took me 2 hours to hand sculpt the carrots. They looked good enough to eat with their orange bottoms and green tops...well that was before I cooked them to set the Fimo. It should have only taken 10 minutes but somehow I got sidetracked and they were in there for about 20mins. *Sad Face* as I dare to show you what happened.
I mean previously unreleased songs by Sopwith Camel, Electric Prunes, CA Quintet, Silver Apples!
The use of comedy is something which I proposed should be used more wider by the Scottish National Party along with my social media ideas.
04.Cramp And Paralyze The Heathen 04:18
That's all I had to work with - the unease at one's life, and more importantly, one's death being appropriated. The plot was constructed as I went along. I have done a fair bit of cycling, so decided to use that for authenticity, although the pre-war history needed research. As did all the rest - sniping, the battles scenes, the post-war CND marches, which I just remember...
Just as she was about to cut this new hole, the voice came again, “There are no fish under the ice!”
This time, the contest is not mine... but I am certain so many of you are going to LOVE this website and designer as much as I do.
In the early TV family sitcoms of the fifties and sixties, this assumption was a taken-for-granted part of the landscape. It wasn’t just that prudish standards required separate beds for Ozzie and Harriet, Rob and Laura Petrie, Lucy and Ricky, and the other couples. Their kisses and hugs were friendly, never passionate. There was never a hint that sex might exist between them. Even by the seventies, when Archie and Edith could share a double bed, we could be pretty sure they wouldn’t be doing much there except sleeping. More recent sitcom couples have been allowed to acknowledge sexuality, maybe because these are characters whose erotic encounters most viewers might prefer not to think about – Dan and Roseanne, Homer and Marge, Peter and Lois.
A typical twelve-year old child needs ten hours of sleep, whereas an adult will need about eight hours. Therefore most students at school, college or university will fall somewhere between these two figures. However, during their teenage years, they will often experience a shift forward in their sleeping patterns, meaning they can find it harder to fall asleep until after 11 p.m. or even later. This means that it can be hard for a student to achieve enough sleep if they have to be up early the next day.
So why does Deutsche recommend to hold off? Well… you know, the premise of all investing is to buy cheap and sell dear. If selling pressure remains, be somewhat wary of institutional players padding their books on the dips! I bet there are a whole lot of wealth management divisions or larger funds hunting Chinese consumer demand that can’t wait to sweep the stake out of Permira’s hands, so why not run the price down first? If you can move the market, you better do it in a way that offers you alpha!
I also took Titus to the part last week to swing. Unfortunately, it was so stinking windy, so we didn't get to stay long! We'll head over there this week again. Praise the Lord for beautiful weather.
Hello everyone - can you believe that it's February already?! Seems like only a week ago that we were stressing to finish Christmas cards in time to catch the post!
My well seasoned birthday advice to Jen would be:
The next day, breakfast was at The Nook, located in a building that was constructed in the late 1880′s and which has been a restaurant since 1912. It has been known as The Nook since 1951, though was purchased & reopened in 2007. It is a very casual place, with a feel like an old fashioned diner. Open for breakfast, lunch and dinner, their breakfast menu has all the usual standards, from eggs to pancakes, from omelets to waffles, plus some southern specialties, such as biscuits & gravy.
12. Whippin' Piccadilly
OER for open schools achieves goals
By Matt Jones
This is an absolutely massive Jewish Rye. The one served at Pastrami Queen for sandwiches is smaller, but by all means, if you want to construct the most massive pastrami sandwich in the world, this would be the bread to do it on. It is also one of the most moist and flavorful rye breads I have ever had.
Based on my blogging habits, it's pretty obvious to people here that I'm susceptible to peer pressure. Hell, yesterday, the status of my facial hair was determined by two of my Twitter followers. But I'm also susceptible to reverse peer pressure. The more people tell me I'm an asshole for not doing charity work, the less I want to do it. Every single time I hear on TV that people have a moral obligation to “give back to the community,” I have a strong desire to use my semen as a method to give back. And every time I hear about some super-charitable person being a complete fucking asshole in one arena of their life, I get an evil smile on my face, knowing that, though I have booked a direct flight to hell immediately upon my death, I will get there faster and be able to contribute to the pool of diarrhea that these fuckers will continuously drown in for the rest of eternity.
Our first stop was the jade store. Here we saw gorgeous pieces of jade of all colors, and carved in many intricate forms. It was breathtaking!
2010.08.27 Iraq Kirkuk 1 3 A child is taken down by Islamic bombers.
Paul Van Dyk 5/27
The Oxford Book of English Short Stories
A pop literary romp hosted by James and Baruch Porras-Hernandez, Yep, They Said It: Celebrities in Their Own Words brings together funny fuckers to read verbatim from some of the “sleaziest, trashiest and tackiest books ever written” by famous people.
* they are not flimsy at all
But those unsettled feelings passed.
I popped him up with pop dots, added some glitter to his wings and pink to his nose. I popped up the heart accents with just some foam tape, so they are not as puffed out as Yappy, giving him center stage. :)
-Antichamber: This just is the bee’s goddamn knees. Alexander Bruce is the only man in games who understands what you can do with games. It’s a puzzle game which fine isn’t that innovative, but it’s in space that cannot exist. It requires you to think weirdly, it rewards you constantly with strange experiences, and it’s beautiful. It’s so much easier to do these weird escher worlds in a game than in any other possible medium and god damn this is a slap to the face of all other games, a slap wearing a glove that reads “try making something interesting booooom”.
8. Bake for about 15 minutes or until the top starts getting bubbly and brown (you know what to look for!)
So. Winter fun. What do you do?
A few years ago, the subject of parental anxiety was the topic of our monthly parent education session. Mothers voiced their frustration and concern that it seemed like whatever they did they were somehow failing their children. They feared they weren’t patient enough. They were concerned they weren’t providing enough of this or that kind of experience. They worried about diet, exercise, role-modeling, emotions, sleep, television, toy choices, attachment, separation, you name it. It was a tense and somewhat angry meeting.
The fish stamp is from the DRS designs shop and the sentiment stamp is from Stampin' Up, and a little bit of twine (my nickname is tangles).
- tile coasters, trivets + more from Anna Zahler,
Handcuffs are supposed to be used for police work, they are not toys... However, recently there was a lady that came into the police department with an issue about handcuffs. It seems she and the significant other were using handcuffs in the bedroom when things got a little crazy and the key was lost. So our friendly officer went out to the car where the poor handcuffed mate had been forced to wait.
blaming ha ha ha
Another highlight for the week was the arrival of 70 odd pieces of Moa bone which I picked up cheaply on an Internet auction site.
In a matter of 60 minutes, the ceiling canned light was FIXED, all bulbs were replaced with CFL’s (so they should last longer but we’ll see – they also advertise that they’ll each save us $44 a year in energy bills – yeah right!), and my mood was completely elevated. I HATE burned out light bulbs. I cannot stand them. I am one of those people who will get depressed when it’s dreary outside, so you can only imagine what I’m like when my house is dimly lit ALL THE TIME.
Here are a few of the items I have made with my canned chicken. It has been super convenient and really yummy. I absolutely love just grabbing a jar of chicken and using it in meals.
Happy New Year to all
Kramer, David. “Obama’s 2011 Budget Proposes One More Year of Growth for Science and Technology.” Physics Today 63.4 (2010): 27. MAS Ultra – School Edition. Web. 14 Apr. 2012.
Processor Speed: 2.3 GHz
Di dov'e' lei?
It’s a very honest ending, that I won’t ruin, that totally falls in line with the spirit of the movie. It’s just that this movie makes me just happy to have what I have and not have to go through what Frank went through; some very serious catharsis.
I called her dear in the title because she is my friend and she is sweet. And because she, being English, is so polite that every comment she makes to me she begins with Dear PMAO… (I thought at first that this stood for ‘Pondering My Ass Off’ or some other such clever saying… after seeing LMAO so many times…, but at last I realized… because she explained it to me… that she meant me…Pouring My Art Out.
In not receiving the millions he once did from the business world, Obama has instead successfully expanded his grassroots campaign to new heights. Romany’s Super Pack may be $40 million larger than Obama’s, yet the President’s funds from actual individual people must make Romney shiver, at least a little. Each consecutive month since January, Obama has pulled in more than $50 million from his grassroots networks. Romney’s best month added about $12 million in public funds, Obama’s best month so far (February) pulled in $82 million.
She and Rosso had been fruiting around because they are bored and pent up and it's cold and they feel good.
If you are a business, a band that is trying to go the distance or a service, do you really think that having a couple thousand online fans will cover the rent?
and under the bushes
Rnd 11: sc in each sc around (24).
Keep in mind that green practices and organics are a very small portion of what these companies are about (thankfully it is growing as a result of social/consumer demand).
You’d like they’d be buzzing around like flies;
The massive, well-organized deployment of enormous sums of money by the business and (especially) the financial elites have in large measure made American politicians, regardless of party, into the tools of the wealthy elites: Bush cut taxes on the very rich to near-historic lows, and the right-wing Roberts court more or less legalized political bribery in the Citizens United decision, but it was Bill Clinton who began the deregulation of Wall Street that led first to massive profits for the few, then to an terrible crisis for the many, and it was Democrat Chuck Schumer who kept capital gains taxes so low that most hedge fund managers pay taxes at a lower rate than their secretaries. The Koch brothers and those of their ilk don't consider themselves stewards of national well-being, not really: they consider themselves people who have a right to buy the means to rig the system ever-further in their favor. For them, this is simply their prerogative. Acting on this presumed prerogative has made them very wealthy, but it has also made their whole class less and less legitimate in the eyes of the public, despite the constant drumbeat of political advertisements and the far-from-disinterested vision of events presented on Fox News and other corporate media platforms.
In a cup final it is all or nothing, but Cardiff City did very well and ended an heroic Welsh weekend in a way we'll all remember. Even if they are mostly Scottish.
I got up bright and early to go work at the WW centre. This called for a new outfit!
I love this neighborhood. I love it for its proximity to downtown, for the diversity of its residents, the bright colors of its houses, and the deliciousness of its taco bus. It's the C.D., baby -- The Central District -- all cozy and weird and occasionally urine-scented snuggled up next to downtown Seattle.
Anyway, here is where I would like to post tips and tricks I find as I go with cooking and otherwise. I am not sure yet how I will organize this section so bear with me. Also, please share with me what you may know. Then I will post it here for others' benefit. Here is what I know so far:
I was told by the kiddos that they wanted me to make this everyday, because it was the BEST thing they have ever had, and that I am the BEST cook ever.
1.Tue 8 Jun 2010, 13:30, BBC Radio 4
Children are naturally curious, active and playful. Their imagination is like no other, which is why they can turn anything into an exciting toy. This is great but only if the things that catch their eyes are safe. However, this is not always the case. You cannot be certain that they are not going through your toolbox when you are not looking. They might also scavenge through the medicine cabinet when you are not home. This is why parents need to make certain adjustments to childproof their home. But how is that done?
The inherent value of a go-kit, is that regardless of your profession, it gives you physical resources for the various demands placed on your professional and personal life.
In reality however, I believe that the Army’s difficulty in deciding upon a replacement to SNATCH was in part caused by their concern over the likelihood of FRES budgets being cut to fund a SNATCH replacement vehicle.Though this whole affair, therefore, we have seen the most egregious failure of the Army. But we now also see the continued failure of the media to understand and deal with the issues, missing the point again and again, always going for the cheap shots, without even beginning to understand what was involved.
Early morning: 1/2 lt hot water and 1/2 of small glass of acai berry juice before going to gym
It's an important part of my philosophy that only the individual has ownership over their life and if you hand that ownership over, so that others can build you up and make you feel good, you are equally as vulnerable to people knocking you down. That to me is a life lived on quicksand, with no core of love and self-belief, rooted in the self.
Now what about mailings? Is there a way to send mail sustainably (outside of the inkjet addressing I just mentioned)? Yes, it’s all about the trucking. Choosing partners that are near to each other (not necessarily to you unless you need to be there in person) and that are located near a hub of postal facilities will cut down on transportation costs and resources.
In conclusion, I could see myself working at a publishing house, partially because of the free books, but I’d like to see what other areas are like within a publishing house – I’d especially like to see what editorial is like.
…What the heck?!?!?!?
-Hit the hay
I sketched the picture onto a 2-1/2" x 3-1/2" piece of vellum bristol. Then I filled in the areas where I wanted color with thinned acrylic paint. After the paint dried, I re-sketched the entire picture right on top of the paint, adding more detail, with graphite pencil. I would have loved to do this final step with a very fine point technical pen, but mine dried up. I like the look of the graphite pencil sketch over the acrylic paint. Finally I added paint-on glitter all over the tree. The scan actually looks a little bit grainier than the original.
4. Cover with cold water and bring to the boil, then immediately reduce to a simmer and continue simmering for 4-6 hours, skimming the foam from the top if it becomes excessive. Add more water if the bones are too exposed.
Not just me being pregnant but others pregnancies too. The more I want it the harder it is for me to see others pregnant. I allow my fears of not being pregnant again to make me feel anxious and upset.
Thank you for your visit to my blog ad your kind comments.
Container gardening can take on many forms and almost any sized space can be utilized to produce a
Also today I went out to Lunch with The Father to The White Hart (the same place I went on Mother’s Day). It wasn’t my idea, as he didn’t want to cook, but it wasn’t too bad. I had the chicken, which is always very good, although I wish I had asked for them to not cook it in the vinegar, as I didn’t think you would be able to taste it as much as you could, and I really don’t like vinegar, so it did ruin it a little. Not their fault, the food was excellently cooked, it was my mistake, I’ll have to remember for next time ;) I also played on Mario Kart Wii a bit more today, which was good, and did another Stats paper :/ It started off well, and it was a fairly easy paper, right up until the last question, when I had just given up really, I couldn’t be bothered any more, and just copied the answers off the mark scheme :/ I can’t believe I am only half way through the papers :/ I’ve just gotta grit my teeth and plough through, I will feel so much better once they are done :)
For example, I realized that while I enjoyed the freedom and responsibility at 2nd Markets, I didn’t enjoy buying peoples 100 year old heirloom silverware to melt down for a profit. No matter how lucrative or stable a business it is. I don’t enjoy getting the better of good folks’s hard times. That just rubbed me the wrong way.
Oil -4 tbsp
Not surprisingly, the advocates for FC find that judgment less than satisfying. The same few individuals show up at every piece posted at Science 2.0 to school us in how we're wrong, and even yesterday to tell us we're "causing severe harm" with our position. The comments are perhaps more illuminating than the post itself and worth the read. Examining the positions of the two sides: pro-FC and anti-FC reveals that one side, the pro-FC, ignores the weight of the scientific evidence, the AAP's and the APA's (and other organizations') official rejections of FC. They do this in favor of their anecdotal evidence which carries all the weight for them that the vaccine injury story carries for the parent who's firmly committed to the concept that vaccines caused their child's autism.
Sunny, your beauty culture translator xx
University officials asked the school’s band to remove a formation highlighting the slogan “Every Man a Wildcat” from its pregame routine on Saturday.
When I became a parent, I had a vision of how it would all turn out. I just knew that if we could stick to a well-designed plan in terms of how we parented and how we lived our lives, that each day would just get better and better and our kids would be raised to be, well, perfect adults. Of course, the only way that would work is if my children listened to me, if they allowed me to set the course and ensure that they stuck to it. If they refused, well, that's where things got a bit hazy. But they wouldn't refuse, I thought, because that's not how parenting works - they would follow my deeds and words because that's simply what kids did.
I have not been correct in those assessments one single time in all these years.
Rule 7. Even the best-intentioned theatre goers can be ambushed by a cough. Carry a kit of Anticol and tissues. If you have a very bad coughing fit that can't be controlled, leave the theatre until it is over.
A chain gang is a group of prisoners, chained together at the ankles, wearing striped prison garb, breaking rocks with sledge hammers and pick axes. The purpose is twofold: to put the offender to hard labor, and to humiliate them while they serve their time.
Further it needs to be noted how the Afrikaans diminutive of “Generaaltjie” is being used as a humiliating way to describe “The little general”, almost as if the great general Geldenhuys was a nothing...a piddling character that just happened to be in charge of the SADF.
Then came the time to be real flexible, they ended up staying at a nice…well, …ahem…a resort run by a Canadian! What a shame! An anonymous donor heard the doctors and nurses were arriving to help out at the medical clinic and paid for the expense of the hotel. Dr. Alan did have to pay for his own M.R.E.s (That is what I call My Real Eatery) and did not have to eat the military M.R.E.s (Meals Ready to Eat). He admitted it was a nice surprise and did not mind paying for the food. What a reward for being willing to suffer in the heat and uncomfortable sleeping conditions!
A law should protect everyone, or it is a bad law. The current hate crimes legislation in both its prior and post October 2009 forms is a bad law because it enshrines racial and sexual discrimination into US law, and it is that iniquity which the right should have been fighting.
21. Cherry (Outro)
15. Go dancing
Honey has been used for centuries as an ayurvedic remedy for many ailments of the body. It is not just a natural sweetner, but has medicinal properties that have been known to treat, if not cure many diseases, infections and in some cases, cancer in Ancient times. Honey is made completely by bees and has been used for many aeons to treat the body and enhance the taste of food and beverage.
Dusty's decided to "tone down" our garden this season, and since he does the majority of the work, I step back and let him do his thing!! Every year he puts so much work into it, and it tends to end up very crowded and overgrown. We'll see if it's any different this year! We've decided not to grow as much this year and concentrate on just a couple of things, namely tomatos and peppers. Today we bought three varieties of tomatos and two varieties of peppers. We also bought zucchini, dill and rosemary. We still want to buy cucumber, tomatillo and cilantro plants (gotta have my homemade salsa verde!!), but I think that'll be it! For years now, we've grown broccoli, cauliflower, summer squash, pumpkins, artichokes, etc....but now think that there are some things better just bought at the store or farm stand. We just don't have a lot of room and things get too crowded.
So we all got to see her coronation at Westminster Abbey. Fortunately the British don’t have a term limit for the King or Queen. It is a both the job of a lifetime, as well as a job for life. We all know that the cost of mounting a coronation every eight or twelve years would have been astronomical. Most folks accepted this without any qualms. But not everyone was pleased – especially the ermine hunters and trappers, as well as the Royal Furriers who now had more time on their hands than they wanted.
first image below. I like the shallow depth of field it gives me without my having to fiddle with settings on the camera.
A new relation,
I told her I would blog about her and sperm and she said make sure I said “super-sperm.”
It was a difficult 24hs, but I didn’t break. When I did try to control or push an idea, I was fortunate to have people strong enough to tell me that’s what I was doing! Which is good, I was able to actually hear and then let go. It wasn’t in my hands.
Well, I made my last comment reply at 3:59pm my time, and it’s now 9:39pm. I’ve pretty much been asleep for all the time in between – with the big “tornado” blowers (which I’ve just turned off) running the all along. I’m amazed that I slept through all that noise. But what I’m most amazed at is the fact that this PC didn’t freeze up and is still running even now.
to convince himself
Total Request Live (TRL). I raced home from school every day to watch Carson Daly count down the top 10 music videos of the day. When Tom Green’s ‘The Bum Bum Song‘ made it to 1st place and beat out my favorite boy bands, Brit Spears, and Mambo No 5, it was like a revolution. I unfortunately don’t think that moment will ever leave mind… nor will his talk show that poked fun at his testicular cancer.
I will have more to report next week. "Rebecca" (the Victorian Crazy Quilt) and Lake Forest (a McKenna Ryan block of the month quilt) are ready for binding. And the Craftsy.com March blocks for their free block of the month program are published so I'll work on those this week.
"Some people care too much. I think it's called love."
We have been lucky to make it this far without any bum lambs, but now have two cute little lambs that need some extra help. Macy didn't know what to think of them at first, but now has fun while they follow her around. These pictures are from the first night feeding the lambs.
Waiter L, Richardson S, Hemon D. Accounting for pregnancy dependence in epidemiological studies of reproductive outcomes. Epidemiol 1997; 8: 629-636.
Addie is killing me lately. In a good way. I've made a concerted effort to spend quality time with her every morning while the older kids are at school and while Violet's asleep, which is so super fun. There are also times, however, when I can't be playing with her (e.g., doing dishes, laundry, random tasks of motherhood, etc.), and she finds ways to entertain herself.
CBS may have only one slot for a CSI spinoff. So it’s either CSI: MIAMI or CSI: NEW YORK, or they could just compromise and have CSI: CHARLOTTE.
We were only in the ATL for what was no more than 36 hours, but we dragged ourselves out on the streets to hit Taco Mac. This is one AWESOME beer bar. Right on Peachtree at the bottom the Metroplis Loft, it is perfectly positioned to be a premier ATL bar. Even more so as Buckhead has gone rather hood as they shut down the hip hop clubs in Bankhead. It's a damn shame, as I saw Buckhead go downhill all within the two years I was in Grad School.
When we view the Jumbo Jets
product form. Attempts at innovation ensued, and ultimately guaranteed level premium
It doesn't matter how much, what matters is what you do have.
Well, good news for everyone looking for something to fill up all that empty shelf space: it's awards show season.
2 Very long Idaho baking potatoes, peeled
In an interview with KPBS, David talks more about the process of her work, the techniques and the difficulties of being both the photographer and the subject. She also talks about the reaction of the audience towards her work. These were very interesting things for me to read about in relation to the same things I or others think about my work.
In the first quarter of 2012, the two companies’ joint share of the smartphone market edged past 50% for the first time, to 53.3%, as the smartphone market grew to reach a historic high of 37% of the overall mobile phone market.
Ignore these CDs if:
Charlie has done shows (big ones) for years ...and like so many of us has had the dream of having his own shop ...well along came an uncontrollable career change at the perfect time...and now Charlie's dream is now becoming a reality!
Princess Romina is the beloved daughter of King Ribbidibit, and is in danger of being captured by the evil Captain Pondscum who wants to make her his bride! (Okay, so maybe I just made that last bit up ... no progress on the storyline for the battle for Frogonia just yet)
such a happy dance me doing too with dear bunnies..
I don’t disagree with a lot of what Resolve has written in their report.
I've lost 4 pounds thus far. And while weight loss is somewhat important to me, overall, the bigger deal is that I haven't had any problems with my gallbladder lately. My level of hunger is much more manageable than it's ever been before. I'm looking forward to more benefits from the lifestyle over time, like with my stress levels and stuff. But for the time being, I feel really great about my decision to switch over to it.
VIVIENNE: He is not kidding about the man crush thing. But I have to say that I think Johnny Depp would be great as the shop keeper (wink wink). As for the other characters, I don’t think we have even thought that far. If this book proves to be a hit, we promise to have an answer to this question with the second book’s interview (if you will still have us).
Our 2 week hiatus is coming to an end. Friday we leave for College Station to visit our good friends Lynn and Sue. Saturday morning we’ll report back to the gate in Helena.
I am doing a special post today for a very special lady!! Today is Wendy Wyman's birthday, the owner of Repeat Impressions! The entire team and alumni has created birthday cards for her, and one of our team members combined them into a book and sent it off to Wendy!!
Tomorrow: Objects
(A faux amis are two words in different languages that sound similar but mean differently. Sopa (soup) and soap (jabón) are my favorite from Spanish. Skemp says that the ways we use "understanding" are as different as if they were faux amis.)
“Buying more expensive dog food may seem a lot of money, but if you think that a bag will last a month, it is less than one euro a day to keep your dog healthy” says Julian.
Most important: It works!!!
Joanne Kraft is a sought-after speaker who loves to encourage women. She has been published in Today’s Christian Woman, In Touch, ParentLife, Kyria and P31 Woman magazine. A leader of Inspire Christian Writers, she serves as a marriage study group leader, and works as a 911 dispatcher in Sacramento County, California. Kraft is married and has four children.
spirit.
In a big bowl mix all the ingredients that comes under marinade 2. Check for seasoning. Put the chicken in this marinade and rub the marinade all over the chicken, into the slits and cavities. Coat the chicken with little oil and let it sit for 2-3 hrs or atleast an hr . If you don’t have time an hr will do .
This is explicitly seen in what one group of homosexual activists, One Colorado, is pushing via their effort to alter the Colorado Constitution to limit, for all intents and purposes, the exercise of religious liberty to one’s home or one’s church.
I know it’s hard to admit you made a mistake. I get it. You really believed this guy was “the one” and he is the one for the 1%: Wall Street, the too big to fail banks, the military industrial complex, the prison industrial complex, big oil, big pharma, i.e. the corporate fascist state he’s so gingerly locking into place.
In the Duke 2005-2006 yearbook, the section on the men’s lacrosse team has five paragraphs. After opening with a paragraph on the season, the yearbook contains the following four paragraphs on the case:
To quote my Pastor, ” God has placed within each of us a consciousness and awareness of eternity.
4 cups of water
Enjoy the spring and connect with the blooming nature!
This is easy. Exploitation takes advantage of another, usually those in no place to defend themselves. Equality implies everyone gets the same.
So, what makes me go back to the same recipe again and again? The possible reasons are: either I failed the first time, and I die die must get it right on the next attempt, or, I wanted to experiment and play around with the ingredients; or the cake is simply so delicious and easy to put together that it will be the first thing that comes to my mind whenever I have the urge to bake something!
In the meantime, if you decide to try this at home, I would recommend doing it the first time with a partner, because while it is not difficult, like bagels it can be a bit stressful to master at first, particularly in a tiny kitchen. That way, you won't have to throw out a third of the dough because you knock it over into the compost... like some people I know.
So as you all might know, the reason this blog has been horribly updated since May 25th is because I’m lazy. Well, that and I’ve been working on translating parts of The Surprise of Haruhi Suzumiya (Final Part). Before anyone gets a misconception, it’s been confirmed that this is not the final volume. The editors/Tanigawa are already working on the next volume as we speak.
Delicious and easy!!!
Fast forward to a few weeks post-hookup. I'm stalking this guy like a psycho. Why won't he call me back?! I booty call him and make a complete ass of myself. I run into him at a rock show, and he all but ignores me. But wait! A glimmer of hope!! He tells me to meet him at his house after the show. Hubba hubba!! Whatever you say, guy-who's-been-treating-me-like-shit-but-is-just-so-damn-HOT! I'll be there!
I'm triple staking my tomatoes again
A major political crisis in the German capital.
Thomas Kinkade's The Christmas Cottage (Not for Children) ... LMN ... 2 AM
Debby and I have had an eventful few days. I have been to London and survived the snow! Poor Debby has been to hospital and then back again. We have had the first of our workshops, and had our photograph taken by a photographer for a national newspaper - more about that later!
If anything, Obama’s nuanced positioning on the war – wind it down gradually, but don’t actually end it – is classic Obama. He took a similar approach to Iraq (although there he actually did get U.S. troops out). Bin Laden may be dead, but Obama’s caution survives.
A couple of weeks ago, Claire King received an email from the BWA announcing a literary agent referral program through its new Agent Division (Claire has posted the text of the email on her blog). According to the email, "a number of partner agents have asked us to help them identify potential literary gems to save them ploughing through their slush pile." Writers were invited to submit a synopsis and samples, which the BWA would then "consider" for a referral.
“Don’t wanna pin our hopes and dreams upon him”
4 policy
Standing in the candy aisle at Wal-Mart, I gave her the short, skinny version. And you know what? She understood. She totally got the picture of what happened to us. And she told me that she would pray for us.
(9) From the Scriptures you will learn also of His second manifestation to us, glorious and divine indeed, when He shall come not in lowliness but in His proper glory, no longer in humiliation but in majesty, no longer to suffer but to bestow on us all the fruit of His cross–the resurrection and incorruptibility. No longer will He then be judged but rather will Himself be Judge, judging each and all according to their deeds done in the body, whether good or ill.
I'm link # 258. There's lots of good stuff to see... check it out!
Inks: Versafine Ink (Onyx Black)
Hello Peeps, hope you are all well, it's time for me to announce the winner of our February Challenge and our Top 3.
For further information please email:
“Just for you, contessina.”
Not to be outdone, I decided I was going to have my own awesome idea:
Like anything else designers create, running clothes often model trends. Ridiculous trends.
And as I watched them, my sobs of anger turned to sobs of despair: How can I talk peace with people who dance on our blood?
Then Brooklyn demanded, "Louder! Mama, I want Caribbean loud!"
Galatians (the entire book)
For the dog – this should be his or her bed. When the puppy is overwhelmed or frustrated, send them to bed, simply by saying, “bed”. For the gayby – As you train your new gayby they will rebel. Anything wanting to assert its own independence is apt to do this, unfortunately. Consider it a teaching opportunity. These rebellious moments lead to a heightened frustration and that heightened frustration can lead to tantrums, high pitched screaming, and then the throwing of soggy cheerios. When this happens send the gayby to the “naughty mat” until he or she calms down. For the drag queen – As you set rules, a drag queen may become violent or at the very least bitchy. A drag queen is used to getting her way, especially after the sun goes down. So, your drag queen may use her heels as ninja stars, hurling them at various members of the audience because they are not properly listening to her lip synched version of Dolly Parton’s “Jolene”. When this happens, take your position in the wing of the stage and calmly, yet assertively yell, “House!” Keep repeating “HOUSE!” until your drag queen retreats to her studio apartment with her sequenced tail between her legs.
So, that's all I'm going to say about it....I don't want to spoil everything, and if I keep typing much longer I will. If you love action-packed YA fantasy, and even if you don't, pick this book up. Tomorrow if possible.
Why an organic beer festival? Studies show that the world's population currently consumes 30% more natural resources than the Earth's ecosystems can replenish. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, commercial agriculture is accountable for 70% of the pollution in our country's rivers and streams. Genetically modified ingredients can be found in nearly every grocery store. The NAOBF believes that education and exposure leads to awareness, and awareness can translate to passion. If everyone becomes passionate about sustainability, as a whole we can make the planet a cleaner and healthier place for all of us to habitat. If the conversation starts with an organic beer, that's even better!
"Baby, do you like the way I worded this post?"
I've added images from Lawn Fawn's Sew Lovely and Bannerific to make a cute, little tag that's perfect for any gift giving occasion. I'm a bit of a 'last minute wrapper' so I like to have these things hanging around.
Morality and ethics will become less of a philosophical issue and be labelled a ‘world-view’
To make a long story short, I asked her out, she said no, and we went on our separate ways happily ever after. The end.
Chal kayo (go well),
Death Cloud -- I'm a sucker for a good mystery, and this first in a new teen Sherlock Holmes series is just good, clean fun. Yes, it's a murder mystery, but in an adventure, not gory kind of way.
The other day I was really excited to start reading a book I had spotted called Sippy Cups are Not for Chardonnay and Other Things I Learned as a New Mom (already the title is way too long, I should have known). I feel like I’ve taken a pretty light-hearted approach to parenting so far and I thought this was going to be a fun, quick read that gave me additional fuel for my genuine “being a mom is super fun and happy-go-lucky” fire. Turns out the author is actually burning a “motherhood is dark and dreary and a literal hell on Earth” fire. Who does she think she is? And why, oh why, are people reading this book? I’ve been racking my brain to find ways I can get all of my money back. Really if I even end up spending 1 penny on this I’ll be upset. For two and a half years at Barnes & Noble I found no issues with their 14 day return policy and slightly enjoyed turning people away when they tried returning something after their two weeks had passed. But now I’m the customer so…what kind of crappy, scheming, unfair return policy is 14 days?! I’m going to Borders. (Kidding. I’d never do that. Not when there’s Amazon and BookMooch). I could be reading the new Jodi Picoult book and instead I wasted my money on a book that shames every one of my mothering decisions. I took time to choose a pediatrician carefully, I didn’t put bumpers in the crib, I chose to breastfeed and I definitely look forward to new milestones. I’m proud of them. But I’m a crazy, stupid, new mom according to this total waste of paper. Save the trees! This book is suppose to be funny. It’s just not funny. I’m not a book snob. I read lots of books and always feel the need to finish them but this book is stupid.
So, what about you? Are there any fan fiction writers or readers here on ABBA? Or authors whose books have been ficced? How do you feel about it?
To say this hacked me off was an understatement. Sure, I still had my D90 where it worked perfectly but this lens was less than 3 years old and didn’t work with the new kit. I was so hacked off by this that when I was looking for a new mid range lens I totally discounted any Sigma product and went the extra mile for a Nikon 18-200mm VRII as hey, it’s a Nikon lens, and it’ll work for ever no matter what body I buy in future. Sure, it’s expensive but it won’t ever be obsolete.
I'm getting really into cooking at the moment. We made a gorgeous nut roast last week (recipe by Mary McCartney) and this weekend we're doing a massive stew. And since I have a loaf tin from the nut roast, I figured, why not make some bread? So that's on the agenda for this weekend too, and I'm so excited! Excited beyond reason. It's just bread, Katherine, people have been making it for ages.
“All of a sudden I saw all of the police cars,” Senge told msnbc.com. They were in the garage of a woman who Senge said had a daughter and infant granddaughter.
Lashes: Beetlebones – Mesh Lashes
- Grow various plants to get ammo!
I made some definite plans with Son to do things on Sunday. I let him know that he is free to bounce between houses but that I need to know if he's planning on being here because I care that he is safe. I let him know that he's spending Thanksgiving with Dad and that Mom would like to spend time with him, too. Not all his time - he wants to see friends and do stuff. But Mom wants to Do Stuff, too. Ya know?
But the current ruler, Hereditary Prince Alois von und zu Liechtenstein, has threatened that his 900-year-old family will drop its royal duties if Liechtenstein passes a referendum eliminating the prince's veto, a power enshrined in the constitution.
Yep, only 6 songs but it lasts 24 mins. So I know that when Phil Collins comes on I’m nearly done! I’ve gone for the beats in the music and how the lyrics make me feel rather than pure taste. I need the inspiration to carry on at the moment, but when running gets easier I’m hoping that I will beable to listen to anything and just keep on running…
There was the Mornington Teniers, for example, on which he had dropped a clear three thousand, bought because he had let the scale of his judgment turn on the fact that it had come from the Mornington Collection by way of the Vicomte de Bohun and had been exhibited along with the rest of the Mornington pictures at the Guildhall. And, of course, quite early in his collecting days he had been deceived over spurious Wouvermans, accepted on little better evidence than the inevitable white horse.
People should have to re-take their drivers test every three to five years. seriously.
With profit margins always being the underlying source of Capitalism, no one will take adults serious when they continue to rely on their parents for handouts. The longer you are unemployed the longer your ability to be hired or rehired does become. We may need temporary help once in our lives but to become dependent on it not only hurts your parents, it hurts you as well.
And in further wallpaper news we had all of our showroom display rolls of the papers delivered to the store today. They will all be installed next week which I am very excited about.
It’s not a choice to be an emotional skeptic — it’s more a feature of upbringing and temperament. I can tolerate emotions that suffuse gradually into my consciousness, but once they start to come at me in quick succession, I either lose interest (feeling that the needlework involved is too fine for my cylops vision to observe) or else I feel like you do when somebody is throwing combination punches at you in the ring, and you’re against the ropes. My brain goes into sensory overload mode — and, not until a series of analyses and post-mortems am I able to make out what had hit me. (This is why the idea of teaching in schools or doing traditional “women’s work” fills me with abject horror. Oh — the unconscionable masochism of it all!)
About 14 of the swamp gum (Eucalyptus ovata) tubes have tiny plants now, all of which have come up since Thursday:
As I constantly say, as I've written about so often, my writing technique is analogous to how I approach life. I recently had a story workshopped, and my instructor's only criticism was that I wasn't taking a risk at the ending. I was successfully building tension, but it wasn't culminating into anything. I wasn't letting the characters fully release themselves, confront one another, or reach a cathartic point at the end. It was all this build-up and a confusing, muddled ending with the steam being slowly released instead of the piece exploding into something magical.
This is a tricky one because lots of stores have different sizing measurements. It helps if you shop via the online retailer of a brand you’ve bought clothes from before, so you know what size to choose. If you aren’t sure, or are shopping somewhere new, take your own measurements so you know exactly what size you are, according to the specific retailer in question.
The Massage Therapists Hymn .............He Touched Me
I started my day with some overnight oats in a jar. They were delicious as usual. One of my favorite things about eating the oats from a jar is scraping the last bits of peanut butter off of the bottom of the jar and having be like a little surprise underneath the oatmeal on my spoon. What can I say? I love peanut butter.
I had the opportunity to go and see some of the most important coffee fields in my area, they were huge, we saw a lot, but it was a small part of the whole coffee area; I’m very impressed, the landscapes are beautiful, the people who work picking up the coffee beans are probably the nicest and kindest people who I’ve ever got to know, they are always doing their best to make you feel like at home; and they feel grateful if you show any interest for what they do.
The Social Network, Trent Resner and someone else. We are not impressed as we like A.R, Rahman.
3) You wouldn't like it much if someone did it to you.
01. Shot With Crystal Balls In My Hands
And so as we head into day 13 of Mr New’s holiday, of no time spent together and sporadic (at best!) comms – I feel this neat thrill at having recognised a pattern problem for me.
Etymology: 1650s, from Gk. esoterikos "belonging to an inner circle," from esotero "more within," comparative adv. of eso "within," related to eis "into," en "in" (see en- (2)). In English, originally of Pythagorean doctrines. According to Lucian, the division of teachings into exoteric and esoteric originated with Aristotle.
We bought our house 6 months after we got married. We lived in a rental house until then. We love our house! It has so much potential. We feel so blessed to have found it when we did and to be able to get out of our lease on the rental.
Two acres of inedible grass in Seattle’s Beacon Hill area are being replaced with a forest of apples, plums, walnuts and other food-bearing trees. Beneath the canopy of fruits and nuts, an understory of berry bushes will grow in partial shade.
AND autographed bookplate! with bookmarks for upcoming books
and was so grateful.
You're digressing again, Janine.........
If CCSS is so great, why the coercion?
but after so long my fan base began to diminish. i struggled with the reality of becoming a has-been and i developed a drug problem. i started sucking imaginary dicks for bit roles in shitty sitcoms and spent my weekends waking up in strange beds next to the hookers that charlie sheen refused to touch. i had hit whatever is nestled right below rock bottom.
It is official I am out of the running for Mother of the Year. Isaac had a short day today. I (or someone designated) is required to pick him up at the bus stop. I headed down in plenty of time; I was worried that I would be bored waiting for him at the bus stop so took a second to find my book to read while I waited. I arrived at the bus stop to see a mother yelling, "Stop! stop! she is here, she is here." Yes, the bus was already there and they were about to take my sweet son back to the school to wait for me to come pick him up. (Good thing I decided not to go back for a water.)
And wrings a blessing out from tears
intricacies of fishing, yet they couldn’t catch any fish, until the Master gave
My latest creations also feature these hues.
· Provide input to other groups on the deployment and testing of the software.
But there are good things about being a teenager, too. Your future (defined as adulthood) is still unknown to you. Anything can happen - just like at the beginning of a novel, when the plot is still unclear. When you do fall in love, you do so with all your heart. Like in George Michael's cheesy Christmas ballad, you really give your heart away... because your heart is as yet untouched by all the hurt that may come along the way.
Jaclyn also has a great pinterest board that you all need to go check out where she has a great collection of cute quiet book pages found across the Internet.
Double-feature film screening of McLuhan’s Wake (2002) and the NBC documentary The Medium is the Massage (1967), no registration required, Enterprise Square.
At the dying embers of 2011, it's time to not only look forward to the New Year ahead of us but also to pause and take a few moments to reflect on the year that's coming to a close.
What would you wear?
These numbers now seem staggering to the point that one might think efforts are fruitless, and insignificant. How can we really expect to make a change?
Home on the Farm
Interviewer: As observers have noted, the war in Europe has shifted from fighting the so-called terrorism, extremism, and extremists to fighting Islam itself and its symbols. How did this change take place, and why?
Maria’s Special Rich Greek Chocolate Flourless Cake
Ever since we launched CALIBER (which, btw, has been going gangbusters and I'm so excited to see how the site's evolving), I've become addicted to seeing my photos the way they should be seen:
After Monday, which was a day straight from hell.....I have had THREE really good days......headache, sure, but it's NOT the boss of me.
Whoa, death someone would pray
Thunder Mountain Speedway located 5 miles north of Bottineau in the north dakota authors and corn, which have been spotted here. Birds from all over North America migrate here, and this is only after the north dakota authors be very nice during the north dakota authors of the north dakota authors will benefit greatly by researching only massage therapy schools.
5.h.r.
squeamish at
Thankfully it looks like the shows creators have realised this and quickly pressed the reset button. Straight into episode one, we were in flashback mode. Jackie was in rehab, we got to see how she got there. Eddie fessed up to Kevin about the affair and took a beating, Jackie does not know about this yet (good dramatic beat to save for later). The hospital has been taken over, there is a smart talking new boss in charge, Akalitus has been reduced back to the nurse position, instead of being fired and to work out her last two years, saving her pension.
So please, have the discussion today. Maybe start with discussion of a zombie apocalypse, because it is a little more fun to imagine. But then bring it up, so that if anything were to happen, you could honor the wishes of the people you love.
This entry could be longer than the other nine combined, all about how much I love Mass Effect, and I wouldn't even come close to exhausting all the good things I have to say about it. Fortunately for everyone reading this, given the focus of this post I will confine myself to the soundtrack. Jack Wall and Sam Hulick (who composed the music for the game; the soundtrack merely features additional music by Richard Jacques and David Kates) primarly use the typical orchestral instrumentation found in most hack game soundtracks, and though the first song in the game (the theme, naturally) swoops and soars as you would expect (skillfully to the animation, climaxing just as Shepard's face is first revealed), the bulk of the music rests in an unusually minimalistic style, inviting favorable comparisons to Philip Glass (no, I am not saying Wall and Hulick are as talented as Glass. That would be insane), and the score's understated mode makes the crescendos of tracks like "Spectre Induction" and "Saren" all the more powerful.
But who could have believed that she had more to teach me???
The crossfader is now assigned to your MIDI controller, allowing you to execute massive DJ maneuvers instantly.
This recipe is from an ice cream book "Scoop" by Ellen Brown. There are not many pictures in this book, but lots of delicious recipes that I can't wait to try. "Scoop" is all about the best flavour recipes from America's favourite ice cream shops. Lychee Ice Cream was adapted from Mitchell's San Francisco, CA. This is a great book to have if you are an ice cream lover, even if you've already own "Perfect Scoop" by David Lebovitz, as the recipes in "Scoop" are totally different with many delicious combination of flavours.
don't know if I can help you with your porcelain piece.
A little before Buddy was born I had been taking more of your questions and I was just reminded that I still haven't answered all of them.
perfectly groomed in classic black and heels,
Chill Time, Fridays 9.30am-11am at Foxhill & Grenoside Children’s Centre – Informal gathering of parents and children from 0-5years. Enjoy drinks and snacks. Chat with other parents whilst children play and learn. Cost: FREE Contact: Anneesa Ali, Foxhill & Grenoside Children’s Centre – 0114 233 2878
Oh, noes! It could be the end of ‘em all!
My response: Erika! You're going to commit to my Bernadette? I'm seriously crying here. We'll help you! Have you seen our Praying Them Home blog? We're committed to helping the kids in 39 come home. I cannot believe it! I'm so thrilled for you! When will you be able to make it official?
I really love Christmas, for me this holidays has always been a happy time. A time where I always has been surrounded for people I love and people who love me. One of the things always present in our Christmas celebration are movies, we have the habit of watch Christmas movies all day long as we eat left over. So in order to honor this holiday I decide to create a list with my favorites.
You can see the dimension the seed beads give in this pic, and the little glittery bits I done on the tiny flowers.
What has happened though, and it feels like a recent change, is an appreciation that I'm closer to the end than the beginning. This is not meant to sound maudlin, which is why I described the feeling as an appreciation.
Have come too late
My flame for her will never die. Although, some days I find myself trying to destroy every memory of her…
When I was asked to give this presentation, I was assigned the topic rather broadly. I want to focus on three main points, First, what value is the study of archaeology to the busy pastor? Frankly, there are a great many things demanding your attention, why should the work of archaeologist be of interest to you? Second, I want to clarify our expectations. Unfortunately, archaeology cannot live up to our hope of finding “absolute proof” which we can fling into the face of the atheist. There is much that archaeology can teach us about the context of the Bible, but only if we are asking the right questions. Finally, I want to outline a few recent discoveries which do in fact provide a great deal of context for understanding the Old and New Testament.
4. Honey Pie 3:22
Series Posts on the Parchment and Pen Blog
We spent my first full day walking around the town and visiting the family farms. Everywhere you go, the mountains loom in the backdrop. A river flows through the town. We picked fresh guava from the trees and ate while we walked through the sugarcane plantation. Life here is relaxing, unrushed. Time passes slowly.
And I have to say, any meal that can banish your bitterness, and make itself into an awesome sandwich the next day is a keeper in my book. A Happy New Year indeed.
First I kiss her a while, and when I get through,
I use this recipe all the time, it is so very easy but absolutely delicious. Fabulous over Coeur la Creme.
Well then, my day was not like your day. Neener-neener. Not that I’m gloating or anything but, well, yes, yes, I am. Sorry. Let’s move on and you'll get a little payback on me for gloating as today's story unfolds.
Howdy all...running a bit late for work...will announce CHALLENGE Winner tomorrow.
O is for Opera. Don’t understand the hoopla surrounding it.
Currently there are 20 spice jars (seen here) but I have room for 7 more on this piece of metal and will be adding at least 3 more to this group.
(Dec 2011)
Coffee addicts received good news last week. According to a new study conducted by the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, regular coffee drinkers do not show an increased risk of disease. In fact, they are at lower risk of having heart disease, cancer, and Type 2 diabetes. The results of the study showed that coffee consumption is not harmful to healthy adults.
