Thanks a lot, asshole.
Don't you think so, Suzie?
Since lapidary is the art of cutting, polishing gem, stone and rocks, I knew I was at the right place. Before I get to the amazing solid gold castle on stones or antique carved jade, I’d like to mention that it’s loaded with gem stones, rocks and minerals displayed in some pretty unique ways.
Even though I have not posted regularly that doesn't mean I have not taken photos. Instead of letting them collect virtual dust. I decided to do one major post of outfits that I have worn, but, sadly, was too lazy to post. There are also a few outfits that just did not look good on camera. I love my orange dress,but it does not love me. My hair was really off that day as well. Oh well, I'll try again. I'm done with that lazy chick behavior. I will be back soon with my fashion show outfits. Right now I'm trippin because the warm weather is almost here and I have not worn any of my coats. F#%$ it, I'm wearing at least one before I pack them up. I'll be back soon. I hope you enjoy.
Weeping may tarry for the night,
As was totally unexpected I couldn’t stop laughing! I was pretty much rolling on the floor until interval point. I did think the second half was a little stretched. And just so, during the climax, I had a personal joke to laugh about. You guys can join in as I share with you.
Sometimes this is followed by a statement or statements designed to instil fear in the heart of the target or with the hope it will ‘inspire’ (you cannot motivate anyone, motivation comes from within, it is intrinsic. Extrinsic influence designed to affect someone is inspiration), coerce or somehow result in desired action.
I wrote this next part on the plane ride home. It's a little personal, but you've read this far, and we're all friends here.
We then find Bumpy standing on the back of a freight truck, throwing out turkeys for a clamoring crowd. We're told that this is Harlem, 1968. Bumpy calls to Frank, who is standing behind the crowd looking sullen. Frank shakes his head to say no.
To enter, you have to click "read more" and then wait a few seconds for the Rafflecopter widget to load to enter. I apologize about the inconvenience but this will make it SO much easier and much more time efficient to choose a winner!
Still, the movement’s message and popularity have left an indelible mark on the Republican Party, whose leaders underestimated the anger in their base over illegal immigration. The GOP, which at the time was considering legislation to legalize undocumented immigrants in a version of Ronald Reagan’s 1986 immigration reform law, rejected the popular movement at first. President George W. Bush dismissed the Minutemen as “vigilantes,” while Customs and Border Protection Commissioner Robert Bonner said he worried the volunteers would get hurt or hurt illegal immigrants.
But he doesn’t know
- Truffle with Lemongrass & Ginger (Organic Ginger Puree) – Paired w/ 2006 Black
If passed it would:
I served this bread to my to book group, and it was a resounding hit with everyone. I was smitten with the chewiness and flavor of this bread; in fact it might be the best loaves that I've ever baked!
And then on the Fist of the First Men we have Jon Snow …. freezing and pouting.
how I woke up at 8 to finish four banner proposals in an hour before leaving for Pesta the same day;
All the emphasis is on the strong black liquid liner, MAC Blacktrack Fluidline to create this.
One of my character flaws (I promise you I only have two, maybe three max) is that I can sometimes come across as arrogant. I never feel arrogant on the inside, but things I say or do can sometimes make it look as though I am.
there was another shooting a few days ago,where a robbery suspect from of all places,Boston,Marvin Jones 22 ,decided to hide out in daytona. he was shot 5 times , then told police they should have killed him, because he shot his pregnant wife, in the car,police found his pregnant , now paralyzed girlfriend, Aviana Bailey.police are not taking his word for shooting her.is that because he said wife , instead of girlfriend? but now ,they are not sure if the police didn’t accidentally shoot her or if he really did.
P.S : Writing is not my greatest strength, please bare with my errors and hopefully I will be able to find my voice with each of the future reviews I write in the future. Thank you for reading and I would love to read your opinion of Passion Untamed by Pamela Palmer
For the first approach, these particular circumstances result form the avoidable deceit on the trade origin of the goods, for which it is clearly reuqired that the relevant public is used to think about the origin of the products and to draw information of this origin from the design features.
Our meals arrived, and the platter was huge. The three of us dug in, and I had no choice but to note the sounds and looks of delight of Tom and his companion as we ate our dinner. It was simply delicious. I heard Tom comment several times how good the food was and “not all things that taste this good are healthy for us”. He especially loved the glop. It was a cheesy blend of potatoes and onions.
Be cheerful. Strive to be happy.
Willpower, contrary to popular belief, is not something we are all born with, it is a skill that needs to be learned and developed, just like reading or writing. What do you think would happen if you handed someone who barely knows their ABC's a 600 page novel and demanded it be read by the end of the week? Personally, I would probably start off incredibly motivated, put all my effort into the first page, end up getting frustrated by day 6, and then ultimately resort to setting the book on fire.
"Fall-down shoes! Very bad, very bad! Fall down! Aurghhhhhhhhhhh!"
There, luxury beachside bandas, or cabins, are built from sustainable, indigenous coconut wood, lighted with biogas-powered electricity and stocked with solar-heated water. The resort blends seamlessly into the coconut groves, with nary another unnatural object visible along the five-mile expanse of beach that fronts the property. On an early evening walk, I shared the entire stretch with just a few others: a fisherman tending to his dugout canoe; two women hunched over in the low tide, digging for clams; and dozens of sand crabs that skittered out of their holes and into the sea.
But to me, this blog posting counts as a promotional pre-launch. You insert in people’s brains the vague idea that something is happening in the future, then say nothing about it for a while and then plug it increasingly nearer the time.
* 2 cups ricotta cheese
We give them a milkbone (broken up) right before they go to sleep, and perhaps one at mid day. Works great!
Sugarpill Loose Eyeshadow, Asylum
When you save too many emails, it can be hard to organize everything, and it can get confusing. For example, yesterday I accidentally replied to an email from an old email thread.
Shaw GM, Nelson V, Olshan AF. Paternal occupational group and risk of offspring with neural tube defects. Paediatric and Perinatal Epidemiology 2002; 16: 328-333.
One would still require justification in order to know either that God exists or that He does not exist, which is the question we’re really interested in.
+The Prophet
You are going to get sick of me soon! I'm sorry to have to change the dates for the May My Story Mixed Media book class, but we have had a great deal of trouble dealing with one of the manufacturers. Everything for the kit has arrived except for the stamps, so we have rushed to re-order from another company to replace the stamp set with two different stamp sets to make up for it. We'll be using some awesome stamp sets from 7gypsies instead. Because this shipment won't be here till nest week we have to push the class date back a bit to the 28th and 29th at 5:30pm pst.
With all of the commercialization of the space race, a new territory has opened up for fast food. The moon. Yes, pizza giant, Dominoes, is now planning to put up shop on our satellite that we used to see as being made out of yummy cheese.
Deonte Bennett has had an especially bad time, being racially profiled by law enforcement:
3 hours…
And the items I had to pass up were numerous too, like the mustard chinos that were two sizes too big, the too long seersucker skirt, the vintage raspberry denim shirt-dress from Land's End that fit like a sack, and the awesomely hideous pirate tapestry that they wanted $35 for. All in all it was a great day for thrifting, and one that made me happy to be a thrift style blogger, now if only the weather would cooperate so I can wear all of my newly thrifted goods!
Isaiah named him Bentley (I am 95% certain it is a boy!). Cecil (our 2 1/2 year old cat) and Ripley the Weimaraner will be introduced gradually....
My Dear Friends,
Ras Kass – Jackin For Beats
Add two large cans of chicken broth and turn heat up to medium heat. Break up chicken into small pieces and add back into the soup.
Sonjica, he says, completely fails in her duties to take legal actions against water-pollutors and to stop their activities. Shabanga ‘hands out mining licenses all over the place even in the most environmentally-sensitive, water-rich areas; and Joemat-Pettersson fails to protect agriculturalists from water-pollutors, he said in his formal charges lodged at the SAPS.
And the wife in me said, "No. I need to be with my husband.."
I love how they turned out and I will now have some fun playing around with the display. I gathered some things from my old bookcase and weeded out others.
1 loved
The afternoon yoga classes are relatively Yin (less vigorous) practices including meditation, breath awareness and Yoga Nidra or guided relaxation. Dinner usually is taken under the stars around the fire before lights out by 11pm to ensure we are well rested for the next day.
I think this tune was fairly easy to play and I’m mostly happy with how I played it. However, on listening to the recording I noticed the guitar playing almost the same as the piano. In the original recording there is no guitar part so technically it was correct to play what I played.
Year on year the UK summer offers some of the best festivals that can’t be found anywhere else in the world.
I have been cranking out a number of pendants today and finally making some good use of my hoard of gemstones. I love these little pendants! they are great for everyday wear when you just want a little spakly acccent. They will be for sale this weekend at the Kingston Interconnected Art Tour and then on my Etsy shop or in Metalworks.
Dad: That's great honey. So what have y'all been doing out there?
I obviously have internalized this for many months. My brain is stuck on self-loathing, I guess. But I'm through with this.
sky:
Saldaña: When I started the story, it was from Roelito’s point of view, but then I got to a place where he would have to tell stuff about his older brother Beto that he had no real way of telling true. It was never a question in my mind.
And bugles calling them from sad shires.
As usual, I hope you enjoy.
We sponge-rolled Chan's hair Sunday and yesterday, took it down. It was lovely and curled for a few hours, we still need some practice, though. Some of the back never took. I don't know what to think about her having a sudden interest in having curly hair. My little recluse even mentioned it was too bad she had no where to go, hinting heavily that the general public would be enraged to know they'd missed glimpsing her head. Just as long as she does not start packing a curling iron in the camping gear. I can't believe she's nearly 14.
This look should be easy enough to recreate eventually through several rounds at the thrift stores. The 70s might be my favorite decade in vintage.
but it is a good movie, so we didn't mind seeing it again.
And you know what? As totally freaked out as I was to start running (I'm a poet, not an athlete, people!), and as much as my lungs felt like a burning pit of doom, I thoroughly enjoyed it. (Yup. Still pretty shocked.) I'm trying a trail in Foster City after work today and hopefully will get a little more distance in this time around.
I think about this mural when I listen to the speeches made by Sarah Palin. Each of the women pictured in the mural fought to further the rights of women everywhere and now a woman stands to threaten those painstaking accomplishments.
Wednesday: Cake tasting (yum!), and registering for gifts (which went a lot better than I expected! That scanner is addictive!)
Hollande won an estimated 28 percent of the vote, with Sarkozy following at 27 percent. Neo-fascist candidate Marine Le Pen’s score of 19 percent surpassed poll estimates, as well as the 16.8 percent score of her father Jean-Marie Le Pen in the 2002 elections. Two other candidates won significant scores: Left Front candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon at 11 percent—down from previous estimates of 14 to 15 percent—and the Democratic Movement’s (MoDem) François Bayrou, a right-wing “centrist” candidate, at 9 percent.
Fresh sumptuous seafood featured prominently in the first few courses, as you might expect, with prawns and salmon bookending one of the most delightful oyster dishes you could imagine. Simple fresh oysters were paired with tempura battered oysters nestled back in their shells on a bed of sweet pumpkin puree. This, when combined with a crisp clean James Boag’s XXX Ale created a rare taste sensation.
What are people who are interested in your business talking about online?
When I arrived at the Farmer's Market today they had NO, absolutely NO strawberries. So, that messed up my entire post. But... I still had my card for the Tiddly Inks blog hop.
Doest thou continually kick the can
around the world,
Listening: Ben Harper
JT - That’s what a lot of us have been saying for a long time, even before Rangers went into administration, and you’re saying, in answer to Jim’s earlier, one of Jim’s earlier questions, that the SPL were fairly well prepared for this event. Well is that actually the case because you’ve had clubs in the SPL go into administration before but the punishment wasn’t changed and it should have been. You’ve had Livingston, you’ve had Motherwell. It should have been changed and it should have been ..we should have been at the point where the punishment would have been severe for administration.
1. Robin van Persie (Arsenal)
MW: Not really. I just want to race to the end, so with four or five laps to the end, they started to chat to me about holding my position. Of course, they want the points, but I also need to try and get some more points as well.
I was very impressed. With this being the third different Merlot I have tried to date, and with it being the first Washington State Merlot, I can easily say that this bottle has been the best Merlot thus far.
For 2010 the car was designed with a DDD in mind, Newey was able to repackage the pull rod set up for even larger tunnels. He said that the choice of Pullrod for 2010 was still not the obvious way to go, but the team decided to stick with a proven pull rod rear end, rather than have to design an all new rear end. Other teams also looked at the feasibility of a Pullrod rear end, However no other teams followed this design path, with the exception of the Toro Rosso team who used the RB5 design in 2009 and simply revised it for their 2010 car. For 2011 the DDD is banned, with revised wording in the technical regulations outlawing the openings beneath the car to allow air to flow into the upper diffuser deck. Thus again we will see teams consider the pull rod layout for better airflow to the rear wing.
* Dr. Bircher created this dish and he insisted on using apples and pears with the skin on.
It’s a pity because the students who attended asked some very interesting questions pertinent to this local election, particularly about the image of students in Ormskirk and how they can work with the local community to ensure that stereotype is overcome. This was the perfect opportunity for candidates of all parties to engage with younger voters – Conservatives took that opportunity but Labour and the rest snubbed them.
Dr. L, seemingly satisfied with the positioning, began the numbing process by injecting two spots on my back with lidocaine. After some rubbing and prodding he determined that I was ready to begin the procedure. And this is where, for me, the nightmare begins.
9. What’s the last city you visited?
My son and I adore the Tripp Trapp, the only part of this fantastic chair that disappoints is the cushion. We even forked out for the 'Premium' one because it had laminated fabric thinking it would be easier to keep clean, which it is compared to our other Stokke one which is linen, the major property of which seems to be an amazing ability to absorb any food consumed nearby.
Well a host of things have been happening since I've been here last. And I will not bore you with my personal life.
For those who don't know, I operate a lunch time food cart. We're night quite as dedicated as the Postal Service, we don't operate in lightning, but we do operate in all other conditions. Today, I have on a long sleeve shirt, my UW sweatshirt (go Badgers hockey!), and Crocs. Why Crocs? Because with everything that happened last night, I was too tired to dig out my boots this morning. Luckily, I parked my car right in front of the cart (which I'm watching like a hawk to avoid the evil parking enforcement cop who I think watches for meters to turn red so she can race to them. (I stand corrected, it's apparently an equally eager male parking cop) Because I have my car and it's directly in front of me, I was able to steal Bubs' blanket and wrap my feet in it.
implements, but I certainly call them LOTS of names! Lots and lots. None of which I ever dare to say in her presence. :)
spiritual poverty logically grows. That was always true; that will always be true. But that, disastrously, is the actual result of present policy: it is creating poverty instead of fighting it.
each month and so it is important that you like ISS and are willing to chat
Location: Richmond, VA
I know those little phrases that seem so innocuous and, once you let them in, pollute the whole of speech. Nothing is more real than nothing. They rise up out of the pit and know no rest until they drag you down into its dark.
If you want to help while I’m gone, sharing the blog would be awesome. I’m sorry that I have to keep doing this (I don’t want to, trust me on that), but I need to balance.
Tom and I have tried mock "fish" a couple of times at restaurants and hated it every single time. The taste was wrong, the texture was wrong. The best mock "fish" dish we ever had was when I made my delicious Vegan "Fish" and Chips.
run away on
The main wildlife in your 'hood is the two-legged kind.
At some point I need to divide my plot, which now consists of an overall snapshot of the story (the synopsis) and a list of narrative drives, into chapters. Here I do a brief chapter by chapter outline.
Saliu’s party originates from the former Albanian insurgency force that started an armed conflict in 2001 that ended the same year with an internationally brokered peace treaty.
Beal is also a lifelong peace advocate, supporting the end of colonialism, African liberation, and opposing the war in Vietnam. She has also worked for the ACLU (1987-2005) and in 1998, was elected National Secretary of the Black Radical Congress. Frances Beal retired in 2005 and continues to promote peace and justice through her support of the Women of Color Resource Center (a group that has its roots in the TWWA), and her opposition to war in Iraq and the rest of the Middle East.
Mon 11/3 Atlanta, GA Tabernacle
This is the only prayer
When she encounters newcomer Alex Franks, only son of a renowned widowed surgeon, she's intrigued despite herself. He's an enigma, melting into shadows, preferring to keep to himself. But he is as drawn to her as she is to him. He is strangely... familiar. From the way he knows how to open her locker when it sticks, to the nickname she shared only with Daniel, even his hazel eyes with brown flecks are just like Daniel's.
Music Together! with Kasia
Disclosure of Material Connection: I received this book free from Tyndale House, as part of their Book Review Blogger Program. I was not required to write a positive review. The opinions I have expressed are my own. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s 16 CFR, Part 255: “Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.”
There will be an answer, let it be
The recipe was brought to Canada and in 1996 Eco Delices secured an exclusive license through the École Nationale d’industrie laitière to produce this cheese in Canada using the Le Mamirolle name.
I broke up with him many times but always took him back. I saved for a SUV that he wanted, I didn't have my driver's liscence yet..... too scared of traffic.
When Krsna left the palace a wonderful concert resounded. The ladies on the rooftops and terraces held back their tears for his sake and instead sent him delightfully flirtatious glances and showers of flowers. Arjuna took the kingdoms finest umbrella and held it above his dearmost friend as they walked from the gate to the chariot, while the driver Satyaki and his constant attendant Uddhava fanned him with wondrously opulent fans. When he arrived at his chariot it was covered in flowers, so he took his seat amongst the glorious spontaneous decorations and gave the order for Satyaki to drive the chariot onto the road.
As anyone who has been following this here blog has undoubtedly surmised by now, I'm putting Beetsolonely on ice.
fun to shop at ,she is truly an enabler to the max!! LOL
Every Wednesday we have amazing deals at the bar. Its $5 food and $3 drafts. On Wednesdays I also want to shoot half the people I serve. We get a lot of regulars who take care of us but then you get those cheap mofos who feel they only need to tip a couple bucks when you just got your food for practically nothing, thanks assholes hope that you also receive a ticket on your car to make up for the money you didn't give me when I ran around and got you 2 ranches, 5 diet cokes with lime, and 3 waters, and whatever else your ridiculous requests were during my busy time. Ugh enough with the ranting. So on a typical Wed us girls get our asses kicked and are usually done by 10:30 or 11 and then we generally need a drink. I tend to go on my long journey home and relax before I hit the bed. This Wed though, things were different.
Title: Do These Jeans Make Me Look Fat?: Breaking the Cultural Mirror
The Challenge: Create a handmade gift for a loved one using your Cricut machine(s).
Also, due to the fact I'm leaving at stupid o'clock, I'm going to miss the Lost season finale tonight. If anyone gives me any spoilers, I will hunt you down and kill you.
Brian and I had our engagement photos taken just down the grassy slope from the playground. And there's a branch over the river that in the summer when the water level goes down is perfect for photos. However, this time of year it's underwater so we stuck to playing on the playground.
How can I carry on?
I find myself somewhere I - I never thought I'd be
The 3 reactors at TVA’s 3,297-megawatt Browns Ferry nuclear plant in Alabama switched over to emergency diesel generators to supply power for the reactors cooling system at 5:30 EDT (22:30 UTC) after storms knocked out transmission lines that supplied power, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Agency said. More…
The winner is Jack
War - war - Rumors of war.
Using a standard flat track hanging system usually associated with barn and shed doors, with elegant old doors is a great idea. Not only is it space saving, it also adds a unique mix of disparate elements. I think using a flat track system might be more forgiving then using hinges, especially in old houses where nothing is plumb anymore.
Scenario 4: Billy breaks a window in his neighbor’s car and his Dad gives him a whipping with his belt.
Here are some journal questions you can use with your older children. After they write their thoughts, take time to talk over these heart-issues with your older student.
What are your favorite movies?
Randall obviously is a 'fat cat' but he wants to greedily take in even more -- no concern for those with whom he should rightfully share. Morgan, more trim but not without excess fat cells, is actually the dominant 'top cat.' He will generously share, but chooses a more equitable distribution of food stuffs. If word gets around about Randall, I wouldn't be surprised at all to awaken one morning to a peaceful gathering of protestors against him -- much like the Occupy Wall Street movement mushrooming across the U. S. and the world.
Everyone has to keep a journal in Mrs. Dunphrey’s English class, but the teacher has promised she won’t read any entry marked “Do not read this.” It’s the kind of assignment Tish Bonner, one of the girls with big hair who sit in the back row, usually wouldn’t take very seriously. But right now, Tish desperately needs someone to talk to, even if it’s only a notebook she doesn’t dare let anyone read.
Today the topic of interest was snakes! Yesterday, our neighbor found a snake and when he was done checking it out he let my girls have it. We were pretty busy last night, so this morning we found out what kind of snake it is.
We recently went to the local museum and learned all about mummies! Boy - I got a slight taste of what the teachers must go through on a daily basis! I'm glad my boys like learning, but my oh my - the questions were non-stop! ;-)
So I have decided to set a goal: to get back down to 8 stone by October 25th, when Lily will be exactly six months old. I'm going to do this in three ways:
After that I did some talk to texts, and only had to make one or two corrections each time.
Ronnel Lewis- The best defender on the preseason #1 team, this linebacker has been under the radar during the draft process so far. Lewis would need an incredible pro day and combine performance to be selected before the Giants have a chance to grab him.
Hello friends! I don't have a project for you today, but instead I thought I'd share my new bedding. Exciting? I'm not sure, but hopefully it's not too boring! ;)
Worst to break up with up. Masters of drunk dialling, with horrible insults and renditions of angry man songs like Deuces and anything Kanye West. Will always discourage anyone to be in a relationship with you.
* deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole in part
Under the Law one forgave another to be forgiven of the Father. Under grace we forgive others because we are forgiven. We do not lose our position in Christ if we fail to forgive another. Do you believe the grace of God or do you still want to reason with Him?
The people in the city had at some point I guess decided to really preserve everything, and they buried all the overhead wires, and there wasn't that much work to do, it would have been impossible to do those scenes in New York City, for example, even in Brooklyn. People were very cooperative, and enjoyed having us film, and we used local extras, which is always helpful for the community, and we spent a lot of money there, and the people in the Town Hall especially from the day we arrived couldn't have been more helpful and happy to see us. I think we really enjoyed it, a lot of people were sorry to leave. It's a real town, it's not just some houses and a shopping mall — very interesting architecture and restaurants, and an opera house. There were a lot of people sorry to have to go.Come on. They taped signs to people doors telling them they were required to remove their air conditioners. I remember that some old ladies were freaking out. They also towed cars to the middle of Grand Army Plaza and they got towed and ticketed for blocking the the farmers market. We were glad to see them go. Anyway, they covered the street in dirt, then put bleached sawdust on it to make it look like snow. They also had 3 or 4 dudes on cranes making more snow fall from the sky. Big Production.
Xalek +10 +2 crit
We took our time at Starbucks. Hank - we often call him "The Mayor" -introduced himself to everyone in the place, situated across the street from the Towson University campus. "Hi Wadies!" Hi ladies, indeed. I wasn't in a hurry. There is no hatch. Only fine sediment and trout waiting on the upstream end of deep, cold pools.
And a hammer and pliers, 'cause every girl needs a hammer and pliers at the ready.
Some scientists believe time is an essence seeping through from a parallel universe. It is an interesting concept although difficult to comprehend.
Irish austerity plan seems not to be working,
I often thought of us all being there in the late 1970s having followed in the same footprints of children from six previous decades. Some of the children in my class were following in their parents and grandparents footsteps by attending the school in that very same building. I thought about 1913 when it had been built and how it must have been to live in a time when the coal mines gave a steady and honourable way of life that looked like it would last forever. Even here, in a small, irrelevant, working class north eastern village there would have been that feeling of Edwardian tranquility. I thought how that would have been shattered by just the following year. How many children would have lost fathers or brothers in the Great War? How many children who attended the school in its early years would have themselves had to leave village life to go off to the horror of the Second World War two decades later. It made the late 1970s seem like an even more peaceful and perfect golden age. I never thought of the World Wars as being distant events. They were always close. Grandad Pedley had been a mechanic in the Second World War, serving in Egypt. My other Grandad, my Dad’s dad, was in the Durham Light Infantry. He fought at the Somme in 1914 as a Lewis gunner. He had told my Dad a few stories and these were retold to me. One evening he had been given orders to take a message to another trench, a few miles away. He had to cross an area of no-mans-land to get there. He slowly crossed, slithering on his belly through the deep mire of mud in the dark. He returned the following day, in daylight. As he saw the fields he had crawled across the previous night he could now see that it hadn’t been mud at all but the bodies of hundreds and hundreds or horses and men. He was later injured, his helmet took a shot and jammed onto his head, knocking him unconscious. When he awoke he was hundreds of miles away. He survived and eventually came back, fortunately for me. Millions didn’t.
A lot of couples have a favorite song, a song that draws out a particular memory of a young relationship, a song they can call their own. And we're no exception. The other day Tish and I were in a clothing store looking at spring jackets when over the air came the familiar melody of the Beatles tune that we call ours. We looked up at each other across a sea of gore-tex, denim and leather and smiled while we joined in with Paul McCartney.
14) Bed time! Sound the noisemakers non stop for 20 to 90 minutes. Then get yourself a glass of wine.
This first card is for the SBS29 March challenge. It is my goal to get more challenges done and this one seemed rather simple. The image I used is one I received in a swap.
You know why people do this. Because deep down people are base, primitive creatures who want to root things. Combine this evaluation with the fact that a lot of people are heaps weird and you get the search terms below. None of these really have a G-Rating by the way.
This is how restaurants should think. Every customer needs to be won over no matter how many times you've served that dish; every meal is a new game. On the day I visited Charcut, the team didn't play to win, and somebody most definitely dropped the ball. Here's hoping they step up their game.
In 2009-10, 10% of all NHS deliveries were by elective caesarean section, more 65,000. If the changed NICE guidelines increase this rate just to 11%, the additional cost to the NHS (based on the costs referred to above) would exceed £5.3 million.
In South Florida, it will still hit 90 for a few hours of the day, and be humid enough to frizz anyone's hair, but the edge has come off the past few days. Just a touch, enough to hint that the reprieve is on the way soon.
(signed) Hellen Watson -John Joiner ~
colors and manufacture are... starting from the top,
AWP: What nourishes your passions?
The house stood on the hilltop above my village. In the morning when the sun came up, its windows turned to gold and you could see them shining for miles around. When I first knew it, the house was lived in. But even after its tenants moved out, the farmer who owned it insisting on not replacing them, leaving it to fall down, I always reckoned it was the best house in the county. It wasn’t just its stooping old beams and quarry-tiled floors that made it special, or its inglenook fireplaces and jumble of never-ending rooms, corridors and staircases. It was the view.
It has been a very natural process. It probably wont sound hip, but I really enjoy playing for a large public. Our music can take it to be played in enormous spaces, at least that is what I think. Not that we ever thought about that in the past. We just played music with our friends and never gave much thought to other things. At first no one showed up. After a while there where some people we know who came along to watch. And now we play for seventy-thousand people at Rock Werchter. Actually the success has made everything so much easier. I have a very good feeling with what is happening to us. And I also enjoy being on tour.
It’s part of a new partnership between Northeast Wisconsin Technical College and Green Bay Southwest High School.
"So what's your name?"
Get over it!
Items of worth
Relax and enjoy the sun while listening to live music, swim and have fun, eat your favorite dish at Camp Merryelande August 10-12, 2012…
“Yes sir,” the assistant answered. “The second doesn’t answer. Neither does the medic, the chaplain, or the cook… Nobody for the last half hour.”
I don’t care what they say about London in some places; this is one of the funniest cities in the world.
Have you ever seen something like that? A knocked over stop sign, a favorite restaurant, graffiti, strangers passing by you, a pair of shoes lost on the side of the road – and you want to carry it with you. To define that something that’s a part of you, however you can – as a photo, drawing, poem, painting, or song…
The Invisible Magnetocraft in the Yogic Consciousness of Ancient Matter on Alblackica Time Separation at a Distance
The End of Time
2- James Abram Garfield (November 19, 1831 – September 19, 1881) 20th president;
Well I have thoroughly enjoyed myself this last week with the experiment Jennyfreckles and I have been carrying out. Our decision to independently visit the village of Thornton and photograph whatever took our eye has resulted in some fine images. It has also demonstrated that cameras are rather clever objects : when you point them at a subject, they not only take a photograph looking forwards, but also capture a reflection of our own personality and frame of reference. Looking back on the photographs Jenny has featured in the series, it is clear to see that she is a master of shape, colour and composition. Looking back at my own ..... well you can draw your own conclusions, but the fine old Yorkshire expression "maungy bugger" comes to mind.
1 tin sardine/tuna
The ramifications of Mrs Justice Proudman’s decision in Meltwater continue to niggle away in my mind and I noticed that the London Metro’s headline yesterday (pub: Associated Newspapers) was “Anarchy in the UK”, the title of the infamous sound recording and song, written by Messrs Paul Cook, Steve Jones, John Lydon and Glen Matlock in 1976. The recorded song formed the A side of the Sex Pistol’s debut vinyl release in the UK. Now IF copyright can subsist in a headline and a headline can be an independent literary work ....... and Meltwater tells us it can, then what if that headline itself is copied – here from a song title? Surely the logical conclusion is that the owners of the ‘title’ of song should have the right to protect their work in turn, independently of the lyrics of that the song ...... if it is worth copying, isn’t it worth protecting?
I’d say so.
Instead of keeping YOU in suspense, I will tell you that those envelopes contained nothing of great importance.
All of the main characters, each of them isolated and unresolved in their personal journeys, join in with the song. It is a stunningly powerful scene.
If you asked anyone in North West England (and probably other places too) to name a Lancashire town starting with ‘B’, the chances are that most of them would say Blackpool. There are quite a lot of Lancashire towns starting with 'B' but Blackpool is the most famous.
As Artists & Creatives, we recognize these people, we see them in ourselves, because as most people that have honed their natural talents believe “it’s so easy, anyone could do it really” unfortunately this is our biggest mistake. Because it comes easy to us, we tend to undervalue our own talents, making the assumption that “anyone could do it really”….but in reality NO one could do it really, because we each have our own unique twist on things.
A little research reveals that rattan and wicker are used, interchangeably. People may say they have rattan furniture or a wicker chair. They shouldn’t be confused. Rattan is a relative of the tropical palm tree that grows along the ground. The vines can be as long as 500 feet long. There is no material on Earth called wicker. Wicker is the result of weaving rattan or some other fiber to form furniture.
I'm not sure exactly were I want to go with the design, but after three sections/flowers, I have a decision to make:
Only one has to notice them.
If you have a blog, put it on your blog and send me a link to it. If you don't have a blog, email me your entry and I'll put it on here. If you don't have email, post me a paper copy. If you can't write, then you can make a video or a recording of yourself and send it to me. Poetry and song are also worth a shot, but please note that interpretive dance will also stand a poor chance of winning.
2 simple
In a country with hot, dry summers, not to mention a reasonable if needs-driven level of eco-consciousness, everyone has installed, or will instal at the next refurbishment, means to collect the acque chiare - rain water, kitchen run-off, shower and basin waste. This water is theirs to use as they choose. Bought and paid for at an ever higher price the greater the consumption. In an eco-house the water system is almost enclosed; much of the water coming in stays. It does not set off down the drains to be recycled by the water company and resold.
I am without anything.
Hello, there, blog friends! It's time for another celebration of all things distressed, shamble-ized and awesomely Holtzian! This week, we're heading over the the Ranger Ink site, where Tim has a fantastic video tutorial just waiting for you...
I’m a wreck because
- To know i'm not alone
By the way, despite the fact that I had hoped that turning her loose with the saddle on would result in her calmly meandering around...doing some grazing...standing around like a lazy mule, and that didn't happen, when I unsaddled her, walked her to cool her off, and then picked out her front feet, she actually (as soon as my hand got down to her hooves) lifted up her leg, let me pick out both hooves without a fuss, never pulled her hoof away from me, and didn't slam her leg down when I released her. She actually let me lower her hoof to the ground slowly when I was done picking them out. Once again...they ALWAYS get worse before they get better! The other night, she was not behaving...tonight, she was. Yay for progress, even if it's not progress I was expecting!
Let’s face it, archery has always been awesome. For centuries, it was one of the best methods for getting food. Can’t run down a deer? Fine, just shoot it with your trusty bow instead. You needed to know how to hunt if you wanted to survive. Then there was archery in warfare. That enemy with the sword can’t get you if you shoot him first. Unless, he’s heavily armored. Although, for the record, a tossed battle axe pawns a bow and arrow any day. Of course, if you threw your battle axe in the middle of a battle, you would also be out of luck.
But if you prefer to go to a larger celebration, check out what these towns have planned!
The oldest natives of the kingdom could uncover books about various hobbies that magically filled their retirement with pleasure, new avenues of learning, and connections to others who shared their passion for things like gardening, crafting, and travel! Music CDs were as plentiful as fruit on a vine and their “flavors” ranged from Bach to Michael Jackson! Movies lined the walls and cinematic treasures could be enjoyed by young and old! The library’s magic was great enough that all the marvelous things could even be taken home for temporary use with one wave of a library card! However, hard times threatened to rob the library of its once bountifully funded magic and slowly the formerly abundant library materials and services were endangered. Some whispered that the golden doors to the library might even be closed!
As a mother of a child with a disability one of my greatest goals is to raise awareness. With 94% of women aborting pregnancies diagnosed with Down Syndrome I believe that if women only knew what a joy raising a child with Down Syndrome is, then maybe they would see in their womb, not just a life full of challenges and hardship but instead, a life worth living.The risk in this however, is that I write less for those who have chosen life, and while sharing the beauty of everyday with an extra chromosome, I fail to bring light to the inevitable frustrations and fears that are also part of life...every life. So last night when I spilled to my DS momma friends that I was frustrated with Ella's progress in the language department, I was called out on my fear to blog about such things. What if there are other mothers out there feeling the same way I do but are afraid to say anything? And like me, they just need a little validation and encouragement. So here it is....
So, off you go. :)
3 The principle of all sovereignty resides essentially in the nation. No body nor individual may exercise any authority which does not proceed directly from the nation.
However, my favorite performance of the Pakistani trio was Ambassador Rehman. She started off her segment by trying to explain how because she was the least qualified person on the panel, she should get the most time to explain her point of view and tried to make a joke of it. No one really laughed, I think everyone was about as confused as I was. The Ambassador then proceeded to ramble on about so many things that I’m still scratching my head to figure out what she exactly said. At some point she mentioned passing the Sexual Harassment Law, which is a good achievement and worth noting. But other than that, it is extremely hard to track what exactly she was trying to say. The question originally was again, “What inspires you”, and she made.. well.. a mess of it. She also way ran over her time, kept joking about how she was ticking off the moderator, and kept going. The moderator had the last laugh though, Ambassador Rehman was not given the opportunity to speak again (Thank God).
Rule number two: Don’t mortgage the team’s future by trading up to draft a project, with a corollary of don’t trade up to draft a player with a heavily checkered past. The draft is already a crapshoot. I don’t see why GM’s further the risk by giving away key players or the rest of their high picks (rounds 1-4) for someone that probably is not going to pay off now. The only reason to trade up in the draft is to get someone who is going to generate enough wins to make you a playoff team today. Projects don’t have any immediate payoff. All players have some level of value, but is their potential value more than the potential value of the other three picks combined? The answer is an overwhelming “no”. As far as the corollary, this is a risky enough proposition; I don’t see why a GM would add undue risk for someone that is probably going to be picked up at 2:30 a.m. outside a nightclub on a Wednesday.
* deep breath*
This chapter of my life is titled "My Personal Struggle". It involves guilt ridden realizations that motivated me into taking responsibility for the food choices that I have made for my family and dedication to breaking the cycle.
In Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates, the covers of magazines such as Cosmopolitan, Marie Claire and Elle were covered with black cellophane, so the images on the front were hidden. OTT? Definitely! These magazines do not display nudity on their covers. I just laughed as I found the whole thing ridiculous and backward! I did not buy one because I was at the end of my tether at being judged and looked down on by Muslim men.
In our conversation when this is over, you'll tell me that this splitting-in-two idea is "total bollocks, Gracie!" But that's because you bivouac through life rather than learn about it secondhand. Because if you'd read more and climbed up mountains less, you'd know about Cartesian dualism, and ids and egos, and body versus soul. You'd know about a whole strand of literature called "the divided self." Really. So I'll remind you, as you scoff, of the fairy tales you read Jenny when she was little--princesses dancing in the fairy world every night and frogs really being princes and girls turning into swans. If you're really unlucky, I'll start quoting Hamlet: "There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in our philosophy."
I revere, Narcissus, your shadowy reflection; I shed a tear for Hyakinthos, who grasped the cruel discus; I pity your hunting of the wild beast, Adonis. Yet the meadow of Antinous and his lovely new flower envy not pool, not fatal discus, not boar. The nymphs began to crown their tresses with the flower named after Antinous, which to this day preserves the mighty spear of the hunter.
People annoy you. You’re having a bad hair day. You’re not feeling good. And so on.
The A-Team theme song. It takes me back to a time when the world (for my generation) was simpler, safer and more innocent. Then it makes me miss all the good shows when I was a kid, like V (the original series with Marc Singer), old school Doctor Who and MacGuyver. And Reading Rainbow. I LOVED that show as a kid and even as an adult. Yes, Sesame Street helped teach me how to read, but it was Reading Rainbow that taught me WHY to read.
Joe is 84 and started writing stories just a few years ago and now can't seem to stop. I describe him as Lovecraft meets Kafka meets Hawthorne. Like Ellen he loves to read his work, his "twice (sometimes thrice) told tales" and enjoys it so much he laughs sometimes right along with his audience.
I suppose it was bound to happen sooner or later that someone in Parliament would object to a beer with a jokey name. Labour MP Kate Green took exception to Slaters Top Totty and it was taken off within an hour and a half. As I'm sure most people reading this know, the pump clip shows a drawing of a young woman in a bikini and bunny ears holding a tray of beers.
As I write this post fifty or sixty years later I do so from my room which is coated with bookshelves. You will find no labels stuck inside the front covers and my date stamp ran out of ink decades ago. But I like to think that I still own a little library, a little oasis where I can read my books and gently fall asleep.
The above is how David Fricke summed up the experience of his first visit to Iceland in Rolling Stone magazine, exactly 20 years ago. The Sugarcubes were the initial band to plant the seeds for an ever-changing environment of growth and creativity in the Icelandic music scene; cultivating and inspiring the brightest of artists since their debut.
Motorola decided to escalate the conflict going outside the US. Motorola began suing Microsoft internationally. Starting in Mannheim Justice Court in Germany, over the use of wifi patents as well as H.264 video encoding in both Xbox and Windows. This move against Microsoft in Mannheim prompted Microsoft to retrat from Germany. Microsoft moved its headquarters out of the small German town of Duren and into the Netherlands where Microsoft deemed it might be safer. The German courts move far faster then their American counter parts and are known to ban the sales and distribution of technology in a heart beat.
What song or soundtrack best fits the book? Three songs in particular: Abba’s “Waterloo”, “Space Boy” by Splender, and “Space Cowboy” by *NSYNC probably more than anything else. I know, I know. Other than the Splender song, it’s humiliating to admit to this level of pop music reliance, right? Well, just wait. It gets worse. For whatever reason, and a part of me is almost embarrassed to admit it, in addition to the ONE Splender song and the ONE *NSYNC song, there were 9 Abba songs that really “worked” for me for this book. I listened to them nonstop. The hubs practically cried when I finished this book (he is NOT an Abba fan, and the less said about *NSYNC for him the better; though he’s a-okay with Splender, for those keeping score at home). And, since I know you’re gonna ask, all 9 Abba songs were:
Our fourth celebration of the winter solstice, with seasonal and holiday drafts. Note the date change; it has been moved forward one week.
You have NO IDEA how happy, wonderful, excited, relived, amazed, rejuvenated, LIGHTER I truly feel. I am the epitome of a loser, and I'm happy with that.
Within the past month, my husband and I have been the recipients of so much grace, Godly direction, smooth roads, blessings, open doors, and obvious green lights from the Lord we can scarcely believe it. A girl could get used to this! We sit and discuss it with delight, marvel over it, share it with others, and thank and praise God for His provision! We are seeing God giving us things we have asked for in the past, not really knowing if we would ever receive–little things, big things, fun things! “For I know the plans that I have for you, declares the Lord, plans for welfare and not for calamity to give you a future and a hope.” Jeremiah 29:11
However, not once did the NSPA or the JEA offer any apologies to the students or faculty advisors or anyone else in attendance.
Well, not when it comes to the good artwork, anyway. In other ways, it is VERY different from any other children's book I've read!
3 weavers
Still not convinced? Did you know he made an album with Wu-Tang production disciple True Master in 2010? Picture KRS-One doing his metaphysical lyrical lectures over that grimy sound you’d expect from a producer off the RZA tree.
“You’ll see,” she said primly, turning a corner and shouldering her way through a glass door.
I let the cookies sit overnight and frosted them the next day as suggested in the tutorial. I’ve never made royal icing before, so this was another challenge. I used sweetsugarbelle’s royal icing recipe. I watched tutorials on royal icing so I knew what I was working with. I have to admit that I was a bit nervous to try something new.
As he pokes at the screen, he hasn’t yet seen
*I have no one in particular in mind, but I've sure read that a lot over the years from a lot of different people.
I did the maintenance outlined by Penn every day for the entire week, and made sure to use the PC as much as possible, just doing some basic web browsing, Facebooking and YouTube – the usual nonsense I do when I'm half asleep.
Zombies and Vampires are us, transformed version of humans, our monstrous selves. Writers and artists have used them as metaphors for our political, social and economic fears. They stand in for despotic regimes, our psychological terrors, fears of the other and fear of intimacy, for miscegenation, sexism, xenophobia, communists, homosexuals, consumers. Our fears concerning sexually transmitted disease, mental illness, technology and class division have all been addressed by these fantastic creatures of our mind who define and create by destroying others. If one looks back over the 20th century, it's possible to view the boom times through a filter of Zombies (1950's, 1980's) and the bust with Vampires (1970's, 1990's) so the trend would appear cyclical and somewhat predictable. Which ever genre has the upper hand, there appears to be no end to our monster mania as long as we remain human.
The tinkling started again singing on the whisper of another breeze. “Enough already. I’m awake. I don’t know why I ever bothered to hang them up.” Another lie and yet he spoke it as easily as the truth. He had learned long ago the worst lies were the ones he told himself. That realization didn’t stop him in moments like these. He had also learned that sometimes a casual lie could hide a truth’s hurt. He had hung them, very simply, because she asked. He had known it would make her happy and he remembered clearly that it had.
Topical Leg Tonic
There is not much that is more cozy than a cat sleeping on a pretty quilt in the sun.
A ‘Recipe’ Book to add in a colour sample as well as how much of each Re-Inker or Food Colouring you have used. Also for when you mix your own colours and such.
Resume Due Employer Position: ID Position: Job Title Position: Position Type Target
I decided to adapt these colours (and layout) to a Halloween theme. I used a lovely image from the magnificent Hautingly Delightful stamp set from There She goes.
"Meat right next to the bone is sweeter and tastier... ". Yes, that is not the only case for beef.
A sixth woman was stabbed and beaten and left for dead. She staggered 300 m into the freezing Vumba bush to spend the night before being found semi-conscious by security forces yesterday. Despite intensive care in a Salisbury hospital she subsequently died.
The difference between Romney and Obama is pretty much like the difference between getting run through the abdomen with a machete and left to bleed out, or a double tap through the aorta. The end result is pretty much going to be the same, it's just a matter of speed. In a way, your choice of candidate may be determined by whether you're the kind of person who likes to pull the band-aid off all at once, or prolong the pain at lower levels.
8. What Do You Know
Ken Worth- The American Trucker (I-American Heartland) (c) vs. Doug ‘King Kong’ Kingman (R)
2. Country Classics - A collection of recipes from the Country Women's Association
can be endearing, but she can also be a self-righteous little pain in the ass, especially in her attempted
have been medievally old , dingy and smoky
And this was pretty much the reaction of everyone I asked. Not a single person said no.
Money or not, this has to happen.
I’d like to commend NBC on being smart and not rushing The Voice back on the air in the fall. I think that restraint and using the Super Bowl to launch it helped ensure its success this year. I think if it returned in the fall, the same time as returning scripted hits and X Factor, the results wouldn’t have been as strong.
In June, the flagship for British composers, NMC records, is issuing a disc featuring Watkins and his brother Paul, the cellist and conductor. The centrepiece is In my craft or sullen art from which the album takes its name. It is a setting for tenor and string quartet of Dylan Thomas’s defiant poem and was commissioned by Sir Nicholas Goodison and premiered by tenor Mark Padmore – also the tenor soloist on this album.
I believe in myself.
- You may enter as many times as you want, there is no limit; however, you may not link back to old posts (prior to the challenge post)
Jesus continues, “I tell you the truth, whoever hears my word and believes him who sent me has eternal life and will not be condemned; he has crossed over from death to life. … A time is coming and has now come when the dead will hear the voice of the Son of God and those who hear will live. For as the Father has life in himself, so he has granted the Son to have life in himself.” Regarding the dead, Jesus says, “A time is coming when all who are in their graves will hear his voice and come out – those who have done good will rise to live, and those who have done evil will rise to be condemned.” Jesus says again that he does all this only through God’s power and can do nothing without the Father, “for I seek not to please myself but him who sent me.”
With thoughts floating through her brain, her recent dream evaporates without her knowing, leaving no trace of what that was about. She felt the coldness of the morning through her body. She curled up little, so as to surround herself with her own body heat, and manage to get through until the heat of the sun finds her.
(5) The term Essean-Essene appears to have come from the northern Aramaic word Chasya (Greaek Hosios) meaning Saint. It would seem that we have to treat the term as generic, covering a variety of loosely related groups. For the people ‘the Saints’ were the Jewish eclectic bodies, who also bore or were given descriptive names according to their affiliations of characteristics.
Now you do.
I also like to use the Swiffer. One of my friends told me about these about a month ago and I love it. You can use dry cloths to sweep and wet cloths to mop. It is reasonably priced and easy to use. I bought the pink one at Target.
Now we are going through life with my second baby and she was the kind of infant that makes you want to have another, until now (thank goodness we didn't give in). Now she is the baby who is constantly on the move and I am the mom who is constantly chasing after her child. I am baby-proofing all the time and we currently have 5 baby gates sets up just downstairs, which she has tried to head butt and climb. I love her to death and it is funny watching her, but she is really moving whenever she is awake and the word no seems to have no impact on her. When my older daughter was the same age we would sit and read books and practice signing. If I try to read a book with this one she squirms out of my lap and tries to push the book to a gate and see if will allow her to climb over.
Just some little gift bags I made. I thought blowing kisses (my intepretation) is the best way to give a gift from the heart.The paper is Stampin Up and the white is Neena. I used Copics to colour her in, added a little fairy dust (glitter) and voila!
brand-new big-screen TV downstairs on a continuous loop, all
10:56 a.m. — Immersing grain bag in mash liquor and stirring. Mash temperature is 154 °F.
Parents: Please encourage students to bring home their vocabulary list to study! But remember, if they forget their list, just click on the page entitled “Vocabulary Lists” at the top. And here’s a copy of the vocabulary worksheet: Writing Vocabulary List 3 lined copy . Because of Friday’s School Improvement Day, we’ll be given the test over these vocabulary words tomorrow, May 3, 2012.
Bono calls
The 52 week project is a self portrait project. It has transformative effects on the people who commit to it. Seriously! You can join in too. Pop over to Fi's lovely blog, My Mummy Daze and have a look.
Ouisa Boudreaux is grumpy. At times, she is downright bitchy, hence being slapped by one of her best friends.
And has never been a "Cuddle Baby" as her Grammie tends to say, and its true.
This was by no means the first time that similar allegations had been made against a team of American sportsmen, including previous charges of interracial rape, yet these had never led to similar scenes. This was however the first time that the allegations had been made by a black woman against a group of white sportsmen.
Kenney had argued evidence presented on Huntley's behalf was irrelevant. Another woman had testified that black South Africans had tortured and shot her brother, showing the country was powerless to prevent black-on-white violence.
“Papuans want a new governor. We hope the central government will be in Papua from early May to oversee the process,” he said.
Standing in the back garden of my home, remembering our holidays, I heard a wood pigeon cooing in the trees behind our neighbours’ houses. And once again I was hit with another memory. This time it was my dad, on holiday in Meledon, complaining about the noisy pigeons. He used to grumble that they woke him up early and he wanted a lie-in while he was on holiday. He would joke about getting a shotgun, to which I would react in horror and tell him he couldn’t possibly shoot the poor pigeons! I knew he never would, but I did not like the threat.
Reed Smith LLP does not just have an eDiscovery team, it has one with a snappy name thanks to the fortuitous conjunction of the initial letters of “Records and eDiscovery” to make the “Red Team”. The Red Team apparently has more than 50 lawyers dedicated to eDiscovery. Together Equivio’s new Zoom platform for eDiscovery analytics and predictive coding and kCura’s review platform Relativity give the firm an integrated solution. kCura’s press release is here and Equivio’s Press Release is here.
Water containers
Note 024
I speak from first hand experience.
I've been drooling over Elaine's and Natalie's nude pumps all summer. Sure, I've been keeping an eye out at my usual shoe haunts (Payless, WalMart, Kmart-yeah, I'm cheap) for a knock-off under $15 that would do me. I didn't find anything (obviously, or I would've worn them by now).
*Sun King Sunlight Cream Ale … Indiana; 5.3%. … $.$$
*Choose an artist of the month and imitate his style. Learn about his history and time period.
In a big way, not only when he spoke of his football team and its fans, but when he spoke of his oil company and its customers.
The latest report from the Social Security trustees is out - and it was greeted with the usual doomsaying in the media. For example, AP's article on the report started this way:
I had so much fun! Thrifting with like minded gals was such a blast! Join me next time!
It's really hard to take a self portrait with a D80 and 50 mm lens.
You can’t say, “I want to lose weight” but never give yourself a number. How do you know when to stop? How do you know when enough is enough and the goal then shifts towards maintaining?
Jintan: A… Am I?
-Available on DVD: yes
However, the home minister still retains powers to grant a licence or to refuse an application for a printing press. He can also suspend licences for “any period he considers desirable”.
Big Bang’s 16 page fashion king pictorial will appear in the March issue of Vogue Korea
Please know that I am praying for you. I pray that one day you get a call from your child and they are healed. That they come to you whole and healthy and full of life as they realized what they did was wrong. That they appologize for all the pain that they caused you and you can rejoice in their sobriety and wonderful life they have.
I know people will say that it was thanks to tests that doctors were able to diagnose my MS. Oh and what a crazy twisted path that was for years and years. And what good did it do me? Every six months I go to the neurologist and when I leave I still have MS, there is no cure, and not much of anything anybody can do about it. Am I any better off?
Rings are created from the inside and the outside. If someone feels excluded they themselves may be the ones creating the dimensions of the ring. Other times the dimensions are created from the inside. But rings develop, and they are not always bad, they just are. We gravitate toward those individuals we feel the most comfortable. There is no guilt-trip here.
BIG NEWS TODAY!!!
And so the man went and sat by a bush, near a wall close to the sea and waited for God to speak.
"You transported me."
You really made it very difficult for us ...It was a tough decision, we love to have you all but we can't ... We thank you all for the amazing cards you made for the call, and we hope you will join us in the next call. We wanted 2 or 3 guest designers but we decided to chose 4, because we just could not choose ;o)
In this case, we’re going to insert a note of caution. With very limited time, we chose a test that was expedient and simple. Other websites have demonstrated that the GTX 600 family is capable of offering superior performance/watt when compared to the Radeon 7000 series — while our own results demonstrate that this isn’t always the case, we want to note the general trend.
I'll admit it, I haven't been successful all across the board. Traveling, throwing a birthday party, and buying cheese are all terribly difficult to do without using loads of plastic- and I've done all those things in the past few weeks.
I expect that several of my varieties will largely compensate for the limited bud loss that occurred. However, the variety Jewell lost far too many buds to ever compensate for those that were clipped.
So…….of course when I give myself One little segment to do once a week, I massively fail at it.
1 supporters
C. Whose Equality? Whose Liberty? (pp. 99-101)
Notes :
Not only this but the never told me when to smile/look at the camera so my head is tilted and I have slanty shoulders. My mother has always giving me hassle with regards to taking pictures for official documentation. She hasn’t seen the last two, which in all fairness are pretty damn bad but I have managed to keep up her standards with regards to university cards, which I now have a collection of, all with a plethra of different hairstyles (how very andy warhol of me). But this one, crumbs, she would literally beat my ass all day long if she saw it. Good thing she is in another country and better job she doesn’t even know about me looking for work, let alone getting a job and emigrating all the way up here in scotland. I’m such a rubbish child. Which reminds me, I must call her to say sorry for not wishing her or her mom a happy birthday.
Conversely, everyone expected Mitt Romney to run, but instead of shedding the millstone of Romneycare, he defended it! It’s a flip of the coin as to who has flip-flopped more on issues, Romney or Obama. Still, if you were a movie director casting the role of president, wouldn’t you pick Romney?
Sunday morning will be spent at Church, and it's not my week to teach, so that means I can just relax, and soak it all up.....then an hour or two of helping 8 year old Taylor to make a set of birthday cards to give to her friends........luverly!
~I thought you had to be in good shape to be a police officer.
You’re known for your stubbornness and creativity but also for occasionally talking complete shit!
Although you can't really tell by the picture the sequins are silver and gold. So I think either silver or gold jewelry would work.
Sophie: AHHHHH!! Will! Jesus WANTS a sword!!
The news of the bankruptcy struck me pretty hard. I was on an after school date with my boyfriend and I bursted out in tears in front of him. I wasn't sobbing my false lashes off because my college dream was crushed, but because I couldn't help but think about Betsey Johnson herself.
3) Add flavour & colour to cold water & pour into flour mixture.
“You know what if,” the tracker replied.
Nearly 48% of 18 to 64-year-old high-school dropouts in Chicago did not work even one week last year. The statewide number, 42%, is not much better and is four times higher than the figure of those with bachelor’s or higher degrees.
The following pictures were taken by my hubby, an aspiring photographer with great promise.
This was a Christmas gift that I made for my father. I bought a brown frame and used the blue and brown in the gum boots and in the "BOYS" sign up top. It was very hard to get a picture to bring out the colors with out a flash. The flash gave the glass a glare and it looked horrible. I used cuts from Nate's ABCs Cartridge for the Cricut. I love this cartridge, there are some very cute cuts on it, plus my oldest son is named Nathan, so I am biast =)
I also loved www.zazenshop.com This is a store based in Portland and if you love girly frilly dresses, skirts, and tops like I do you will absolutely love them. I am buying more from them tomorrow. So I will post those cute dresses tomorrow.
Gong Li (To Live)
Deschutes Brewery Obsidian Stout
jill here....While Marny prepares for the "quilt along"( starting next week), I'll invite you to join in the fun. If you have never pieced a circle it is a great chance to gain a new skill. It looks harder than it really is and the more you practice, the better you get. Grab a partner and meet the challenge.
......On 1 September* - regulations come into force
I passed my state exam
Try to move sides all the time
SO... I decided to share my yummy recipe from the weekend with all of you... and as I went back to check out the recipe I saw that is offered to Pinterest it! So I did! If you click on the picture it will take you to the original recipe on Cookshare.com....
The event which draws me here is a Social Beer Tasting involving four beers, four brewers, a room full of people twittering their views (#SMWbeer) about the beers and countless others watching and participating via the live stream link up. The proceedings were chaired by 'Britain's most prolific and influential beer writer', Pete Brown.
Weather Warden Book 1
From the start Farscape cultivated an atmosphere of respect, openness, equality and freedom to challenge. We learnt about the differences in people’s communication styles, which I found particularly useful as I am managing a new team who work remotely around the UK. I was encouraged to consider my current approach and given the tools to assess and plan for better communication in different situations. Then we got into the live challenges…
There is a really nice article about Bec and how she came into quilting and quilt designing. It's a good read and makes you thankful for all that you have. You can also read Bec's story on her blog.
3. The book's amazingly rich in setting, but done without labouring the background detail about Victorian London. Can you tell us a bit about the research you did to build such a believably real world?
Today a big group from my office all went out to lunch. We’re a pretty healthy bunch, so I knew I wouldn’t be alone in my healthy order. I flipped right to the salad section, bypassing magical sounding things like stuffed Challah French toast, and started digging into the descriptions to see how and where I would be making modifications. But this place warmed my cold little heart with its fresh and healthy options.
Like CAPTCHA. The little badge you see on my side bar is the only time I will take up alliance with robots. I don't care how many people think I'm paranoid, the robots will take over one day.
I am learning not to try to duplicate his paintings exactly. I can't actually, but I'm no longer grief stricken about it. I am just enjoying the process. I think these are my best trees, so far. I thoroughly enjoyed this painting. Fun!
- Who do you most want to punch in the eye?
So, the plan is to get the potatoes in the ground as soon as possible, so I don’t lose any more time. This time we’re prepared for the next onslaught of CPB’s, and we’ll be ready…
All of the usual cautions and warnings exist: be careful sharing information online, and never meet anyone in person unless you are with someone else and / or in a public setting.
There's a couple of flashy geezers beside me with their little birds in tow,
OMG.
health.
The final bit of important info we get from this episode is the other story about those who got spirited away. Apparently their school was built over a shrine, and as a result, the school was “cursed”. The girl who vanished (whom they perceive to be Yuuko) was in theory, a victim of the school’s curse. Coincidentally, the place where Yuuko’s remains are situated, looks eerily like a shrine. Teiichi notices the interrelation of the stories (the mystery behind the mirror, the ghost that takes students away, and now the shrine mystery) presents the idea that the “mysteries” and ghost stories could all possibly be cover-ups for some greater mystery – most likely the truth of what really happened to Yuuko.
I now work all day M/W/F and am taking summer courses on T/H then I'm FREE and will move up to Seattle to be with my love :)
My wings are ready (arms out to side---engaging balance)
What tools have you found to be successful in keeping alumni engaged? What tools do you wish you had?
In other news, my work situation is nuts. I have been part-time since my oldest was born and still never get anything done (moms who work full-time have my complete and eternal respect). But we just had a part-time person retire and a full-timer quit (she had good reasons, we all understand) and so I'll be working full-time for the foreseeable future. I'll do it from home (the babysitter down the street is saving my bacon) and hope that we hire somebody sooner instead of later. Translation: If I disappear from the blog for a while this is the reason. I still want to make cards and post pictures of them and blather on about my usual random baloney; I just need to fit it in. (We also got a new computer program that is universally hated, but I try very hard to not think about that.)
Infinite stars in multiplayer mode
Arsenal under-18s may ultimately not have been able to secure the Premier Academy League title, but coach Steve Bould can still look back on a largely impressive campaign, with some of the most prominent positives coming in the form of the four youngsters acquired from abroad prior to the start of the campaign.
This whole moving into a place which hasn't been built yet has really been a real test on my patience. I think it was June when we actually signed the papers and purchased our condo, and by the way, just last week we received our first "notice of delay" on our move-in date. The new closing date is now set for July 23, 2012. Claridge is only allowed to give us 3 "notice of delays", and they all must be a minimum of 90 days before the closing date. After the third notice we can either opt to cancel the contract and receive reimbursements or they are fined and we receive a payment. I'm not sure of all the details that go along with that - I'm just hoping we don't' need to go there. Maybe after "notice of delay" #2 I will look into it.
History informs us: What the most wretched (AlMaghool and AtTatar) did to the Muslims? That which will sorrow the hearts and to be as if on the fire and will make the eyes shed tears…
Savitz DA, Bornschein RC, Amler RW, Bove FI, Edmonds LD, Hanson JW, Kaye W, Khoury M, Kiely M, Lemasters GK, Sever LE, Shepard TH, Spengler RR, Steinberg KK, Yeargin-Allsopp M. Assessment of reproductive disorders and birth defects in communities near hazardous chemical sites. I. Birth defects and developmental disorders. Reproductive Toxicology 1997; 11: 223-230.
Can someone cause no offence and yet still potentially be punished for making an offensive remark? Are we comfortable with that?
ER. Can you talk about your initial research in gender and sound art practice?
I'm tired of yelling, "NO!" all the time to my kids.
Currently, on intellicast RADAR — http://www.intellicast.com — we see Three overlapping / interacting ‘HAARP rings’ have appeared in unison out of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania, Cleveland Ohio, and Hartland Michigan.
I’ve just had my first May and December romance published—or should I call it a May and September romance? You see, the age gap between Ben and Ollie is only thirteen years, which I don’t see as all that big. Twenty year old Ollie isn’t bothered at having a thirty-three year old boyfriend either. No, the only one who seems to have a problem with it is Ben.
In a large bowl, whisk together all starch mixture. You will have to whisk again when ready to cook to loosen the starch.
These same divisions can be traced out within the imperial nation as well, and readily make hash out of any attempt to sort things out along the simplistic “us and them” lines favored by political activists. In contemporary America, for example, different sectors of the population are subject to the same sort of privileges and exclusions that defined so much of life in British India; if you’re an American citizen, the average annual income of your parents is a more exact predictor of your own income than any other factor, but your gender, your skin color, the location on the urban-rural spectrum of the neighborhood where you grew up, and a great many other arbitrary factors have far more to say about your prospects in life than America’s egalitarian ideology would suggest. These complexities are hardly accidental.
the money UN pays them for
02 - Rocky Ground
64. Take a special trip for our 20th anniversary
As the flight lifted off (about an hour late!), I remember looking out the window thinking that this is the last time for quite some time that Blake and Lauren will be on Congolese soil. It made me a little sad. I hope we can convey to them the wonderful things about their birth country.
this notebook,
SHARJAH, United Arab Emirates — Afghanistan’s rise from war to wickets has delighted the International Cricket Council as it looks to far, far bigger markets — mighty China and the United States. Tim Anderson, the International Cricket Council’s (ICC …
Jaglom has made eighteen films to date. His film work has been critically lambasted as well as hailed as influentially classic. He's informed me that he's aiming to complete at least twenty-six films before everything is all said and over with. One film for each letter in the alphabet. As of today, he yet needs to shoot thirteen more films to match his alphabetic goal. One has to wonder what Jaglom will do for the letter Z.
Teacher: iPhone (a recent upgrade from another texting phone).
2. chronicle my adventures in motherhood
The assumption by the Presentation Department was that people watching thought either that they had missed something in the complicated plot or that it was Art.
Janet obeyed, lifting her hair from her neck, bracing herself for the metal’s chill against her skin. Its heat surprised her. No doubt it had grown warm in Nora’s hand.
To Kill a Mockingbird
I had SO much fun playing with this software that I finally had to just STOP and write this review.
I took home my party favors and toilet paper from that first great screening and bagged it up with my ticket, so I would always remember my first time. I tacked the baggie to my closet door just over my Rocky Horror 25th-anniversary poster, which I probably got at the mall or something.
I have this piece I made a few weeks ago
I remember the “Vulgar Unicorn”, which was an awesome name for a tavern… And I remember some of the characters names, such as Shadowspawn, Enas Yorl, etc. I really don’t remember much, come to think of it. But it was so freakin’ awesome at the time that I read it (middle school!)
Two more hard leg kicks by Tickle. These kicks are fierce!
Any market where unnecessary middlemen stand between customers and their successful use of a solution is about to be disrupted. Any service putting the burden on end users to string together multiple applications to produce the final working solution should consider its days numbered. Any product with an interface that slows people down is ripe for extinction. And any category where a disproportionate number of customers are subsidizing their vendor’s inefficiency is on the verge of revolution.
There have been people in my life who meant me well, taught me valuable lessons, and others who have meant me ill and, have given me ample notification that my world is not meant to be all peaches and cream.
Tuesday, 27 March 2012 02:51 posted by F. O.
Until the outcome is decided,
Mistral cotterless alloy crankset (170mm; 144mm BCD).
I don't have to wear maternity clothes. I'm not quite into pre pregnancy clothes,
The lights went down, the curtain went up, and that’s when the annoyances began. I was shocked and surprised to find that the refreshments purchased in the lobby could be brought into the theater and consumed during the performance. This resulted in a series of ice rattling and paper crunching during much of the performance. I thought the “gentleman” next to me was going to talk through the whole performance. The person behind me kicked my seat and popped what must have been a plastic water bottle during most of the first act. The only thing missing was a ringing cell phone. Miraculously. And, I will add, these were adults not kids.
Adam – Louisiana
I was blown away when we were in Bed Bath and Beyond and Steven stopped a saleswoman to ask her directions to the nearest Home Depot. She was already helping a very well-dressed woman and I was expecting the woman to be irritated by the interruption, but instead she added that there was one closer and gave us directions! We are definitely NOT in Plano anymore!
The hypocrisy of where they are coming from as women is amazing. Rather than defend the role of women in a society that demands equality on behalf of their sisterhood, they are more than willing to support the patriarchal attitude that would have us in shackles.
A week on from the festival, and there are few signs it took place in the marquee at the back. First of all, was it successful? Yes - less wastage, more beer sold and 2 fantastic beer & food matching dinners.
One of them tells me…”This isn’t of your concern”
#3 Use a large container of liquid dish detergent instead of refilling your small bottle,
Thanks Kiran, for your dedication and commitment to the program. We hope you remain a part of the Red Cross family for years to come!
Those who claim these are forged should ask UBS and HSBC to confirm that these accounts never existed and to make a statement that there was no letter of 23.05.07, commanding that the UBS Christoper Richard Barnes account should be held “on trust for Aman”.
When it comes to the laws of attraction, there are no rules The battle between the sexes is about to make these two lawyers hot under the collar. Opposites collide when two lawyers try to make partner at the same firm. Payton Kendall is a feminist to the bone. Cocky J.D. Jameson was born privileged. But when they?re asked to join forces on a major case, they gain a newfound awareness of each other?s personal assets. The partnership spot will be offered to only one of them, though. The competition heats up. Sparks
This week, I am sharing with you one of my creations, that I created sometime ago for a friend, but somehow missed posting about it. It came handy today. At PCC, this week the challenge is to create a card / LO / craft item using a TAG or TAGS. So I created a Gift -Card Holder with a Tag to write in some special message :).
“Yeah a few days ago, it’s not very widespread right now. Heather thinks I’ll go back to her so she’s not saying anything. I’ve only told the ones that needed to know. What did Naomi say?”
Maybe if the media would just stop all this speculation, except in editorials which is where speculation belongs, and politicians would talk about what they are going to do if they get into office instead of the endless attacks on opponents, the average Joe could make an informed decision.
“Confused about what?” I asked.
of the self:
"Oh my God," said Kiwi. "Dad. This isn't a show. We are all sitting in the same room."
I'm almost certain that Blake Shelton is trying to play a prank on America by having this RaeLynn girl on his team. It has to be a joke, right? At her best, she's like a 4 year old in a tutu screaming at mommy to watch her sing. Every time she opens her mouth to sing (or speak, for that matter), I'm appalled at how ridiculous it sounds. Am I the only one in America who is hearing this? Good GOD.
The border is machine-sewed; I just eye-balled it. The yellow lace is from a $1 spool I grabbed in line at Jo-Ann's last weekend!
Cheesy Ham & Potato Bake (using garden potatoes from a friend)
65. Gone With the Wind: Margaret Mitchell +
And, of course, unlike those Middle Class people now being attacked by the Tories these truly rich people, the few thousand families that make up the ruling class of Britain, are able to shelter much of that wealth and income from any taxes imposed by UK Governments. They have that income paid into overseas accounts in tax havens. The Middle classes being attacked by the Tories have nothing in common with such people. We should take that into account in drawing up our own strategy.
Good Effects of Fats
Before Alex can fully understand and dispute his induction, Xur appears (via a holographic projection) inside of the Starfighter base and reveals he has discovered an infiltrator in his ranks and proceeds to broadcast his death by torture to the entire base, including his father, Ambassador Enduran (Kay E. Kuter), the Starfighter commander. He then proclaims to the people of Rylos that once Galan (Rylos's moon) is in full eclipse, the Ko-Dan Armada will begin their invasion and not even the Starfighters will be able to save them. When Alex asks to be taken back home, Centauri does so, giving him a means by which to contact him, should Alex change his mind. After they leave, the starfighter base is attacked- a saboteur eliminates the base's defenses, causing the base to sustain heavy damage, killing all starfighters save for a friendly reptilian alien navigator named Grig (Dan O'Herlihy), and destroying all Gunstars, save for an advanced prototype.
“No, there wasn’t.” I said. And even if there was, why would you go around a police car with it’s lights on like that? You almost hit my officers back there, and then when that one tried to stop you, you swung extra wide to go around him. What’s going on in your head there?”
Late at night on January 19, 1990, Soviet troops stormed Baku. They acted pursuant to a state of emergency declared by the USSR Supreme Soviet Presidium, signed by President Gorbachev and disclosed to the Azerbaijani public only after many citizens lay wounded or dead in the streets, hospitals and morgues of Baku.
“They need all the help they can get. So any 40-year-old looks good on the Sens.”
The slaw was finely chopped and creamy. Bland. Could use a hit of horseradish, for some zip. The beans, though, are probably the best I've had aside from my mother's. Like hers, you can actually taste the beans. They're not hidden by an overdose of pepper and spices that are so prominent that they even change the color of the beans. It has salt pork and a few scattered onions, peppers, and tomatoes, but they're complimentary, not overpowering.
NaNo is over.
Where do you find your silence? Mine is usually found as I sit quietly in the garden. Or sometimes when lost in doing a piece of art. Mostly it comes when I'm meditating;in that space, that millisecond, after exhaling.
As a child, I, like many of my peers were compelled to put a religion down on paper. At the start of every school year, they sent home a form that required the specifics: race, religion, denomination. There was no room for ambiguity; a binding pen on paper commitment was required. It was a matter of priority for annual timetables afterall.
Daddy was a little distressed by the twenty-four new eggs now that they have arrived. He said that was a lot of chickens. I think he is concerned that mommy won’t have the courage to chop off their heads and eat them. Gosh, I guess when I write it like that it does seem a little drastic. No wonder daddy is uneasy, but I promise to be brave and follow through in my decision to participate in the rooster culling necessary to a small heritage flock.
Anything by Georgette Heyer or Terry Pratchett, and The Lost Art of Keeping Secrets, by Eva Rice, is perfect too.
If we are truly going to be an informed society, then it is incumbent upon us to start holding the media’s feet to the fire. Since I don’t expect any major news organization to suddenly start hiring capable reporters & commentators of the other side or even true centrists (since they all think they ARE centrist), then we must actually start pulling news from a variety of sources, even ones we might disagree with initially. If all you’re reading is the Hartford Courant or the Indianapolis Star, and all you’re watching is the local & network news, then it’s time to broaden your horizons a bit. A few suggestions, all of which are online in part or in full:
Do it, do it Pulis, please do it
I'll post pictures along the way!
The terms of the rule regarding this changed when the disciplinary rules were revised last year.
that you can alter the products in any way you wish, which is the key
Panko Bread Crumbs, 1/2 cup or more for consistancy to form balls
I was on time for said flight. In fact, I was an hour early. I went through security and was sitting in my gate, waiting for my flight to board. I remember a fellow passenger complimented me on my engagement ring, and we chatted a bit about my wedding preparations before she headed off to buy a snack. I sat there, excited to head home to my fiancée. I had missed him after our few days apart.
Bradshaw's review stresses the love story angle, which is truly engaging, but it's also a deeply political film with searing contemporary relevance. Not only is its central issue that of old technology needing to make way for the new (here silent films having to make way for the talkies) and the effects on the careers and lives of artists, but embedded in that is a significant theme of ageism. 'I'm all washed up,' says ex-silent-movie idol George Valentin (his speech shown in an intertitle), after Peppy Miller, with whom he fell in love when she was a young hopeful and helped towards her stellar talkies career, announces in an interview that the old must make way for the young. George and the audience witness this interview taking place in a restaurant: it's comic and well as painful. All those old silent movie stars mugging for the camera, Peppy comments to the interviewer, a statement undercut not just by the fact that the nature of this film requires its actors to mug in the same way as those silent movie actors, but, hilariously, by her particularly exaggerated mugging as she makes the comment.
Like this! That’s it. I’m done! Good-night.
Not only does God or the belief in a God create hate, it creates terrorists and tells others that it is moral to murder and torture. Why would anyone let their child read such filth?
‘‘(E) any recommendations of the Inspector General for improvements or modifications to the authorities under this section.
Ignites your fear of falling... free yet he has you crawling see
I found this gem at Luckett's Store for $375.00. This may seem steep, but the quality, size, contemporary transitional quality of it, and just the overall presence of the piece drew me in. You could not come NEAR a piece this nice for under $800 - $1,000 in any retail store...
I started with coloring my apple girl, found this AWESOME Paper which is the Jillibean Soup Apple Cheddar Collection
4) Find your soil
My daughter isn't perfect but I know when she is telling me the truth.
09 Bedroom Blues
So in creating this open group, I would so love a place where other creatives with the same interests (holidays) and goals (kindness and inspiration) as STJ could commingle and share in this holiday goodness together! I believe the HIVE has given us the perfect venue to make this happen.
I have seen what lack of technology use planning has done. I know of schools who invested in Ipads before considering their wireless internet problems. These Ipads are about as good as paperweights without wireless. I know of districts who went to 1:1 computers before training their staff on ways to effectively use them in the classroom. Those computers have become toys to the students.
After all, as Stewart Regan of the SFA said, the “fit and proper” person was a myth. Therefore the responsibility is Rangers’? Bearing in mind how long it took the SFA to look into the issue, it seems unfair to penalise the club for Mr Whyte’s alleged wrongdoing.
I’m so glad to be back, but the little blogging break was nice. :) I can’t wait to tell you what we were up to last week – but for now, I am SO psyched about the project that’s been going on around here over the past couple of weeks!
I proposed an "experiment" for this year with a group of my friends. What if we were to each identify and confess a stuck place in our life and ask for prayer and help in moving on. We didn't all come to a place of identifying our "thing" but it was still an evening of exploring the idea. I left the gathering still unsure of what I want to work on.
Being a parent, unfortunately, doesn't come with an instruction manual. Every situation is a new one to handle- each child needs each situation dealt with in a different manner. There is no flow-chart made to let you know how to handle each situation based on a child's personality.... sad, huh? Will someone get on that?
She wasn't a complete stranger, I'll just say that for now. We (my mom, sisters and I) attended a Methodist church when I was growing up, but it wasn't something we really talked about at home. We stopped going to that church when I was about 13 or so, and I never really thought about faith, religion, or spirituality at all until I was around 23 or 24. And wow, *there's* several stories there, or maybe it's all just one big story, about my awakening and exploration at that point. But none of that involved Mary at all - for me, personally, anyway. On a conscious level.
but no longer torn or burning, not
Zoe Falkenberg, 8, University Park, Md.
You were disarranging mine
25 Select the Text tool (T). Pick the following options in the Property inspector (see numbers on the image below):
got no clue and never ever bought you any roses.
Not to be alarmist, but if the Defense Appropriations bill stands, our soldiers will be able to do exactly the same thing, and not just to suspected al-Qaeda terrorists! And then there are those empty FEMA camps... Continuing in Conservapedia:
5. Anthony Weiner
Racked: 01-22-2009 (w/ 0.5 oz. Sorachi Ace dry hop)
Reflecting back on something The Librarian commented on in Week One: Nelly does interfere a little bit in the story. Does this make you trust her less? Should we blame her? Or was she justified in her occasional meddling?
To my eyes, some of these efforts lean towards the irrational, to the point where some regulatory attempts (not to mention some of the things parents are being prosecuted for) can not only interfere with basic parenting but a child’s ability to explore their world as well. I sometimes wonder what kind of people our children will turn into under so much legislated fear, and what kind of society it might lead them to create in their turn. Hopefully, the pendulum will eventually swing back to an attitude that’s more balanced…something that moderates the current hyper-vigilance with at least some acceptance of the fact that the very nature of life is, and always will be, unpredictable.
So how the hell did the half pint I poured from a barrel of Pedigree that, in the space of 5 minutes I had racked, vented and tapped, pour clear as day, with good condition and a good nose?
its only one
-However, you don't love to sleep between the hours of 2-5 a.m.
I wanted to let you in on a little secret...
But we never really were happy with it.
Top of the second turn, starting from the centre of the table, a scatter die and 2D6 were rolled. On a HIT, the unit scattered the direction and distance on the dice. On an Arrow, the distance on the dice was doubled. On the turn they arrive, they would run toward the nearest intact Stasis Silo. Their mission priority was to destroy the silos, but they would fight any Aliens or Colonial Marines that lie between them and their target.
2 carrots
I saw it on opening day with my parents.
There is a reason she didn’t think we would be in College Station.
My mother's first husband, Justin N. Feldman, has died, at age 92. He was a lovely man whom I enjoyed knowing, though ours was an odd connection. His New York Times obituary today was lengthy and fascinating. He was someone who made things happen, most notably as a manager of Robert F. Kennedy’s 1964 New York Senate campaign. Earlier, he was a campaign aide for John F. Kennedy, having entered reform politics in the late 1940s as a leader of the Fair Deal Democratic Club, a group of reform Democrats dedicated to breaking the political influence of Tammany Hall.
$9.50 Hennessey
Sometime during the middle/early part of our visit, the girls decided they wanted to take on the Top Thrill Dragster.
3) Rings-Jewelry
I hope you'll visit FEST and follow my journey! Maybe it will help you identify some new uses for clothing items that are already sitting in your closet.
1 - Mini Tilda with Apples stamp
Michigan – 27.6 percent, 29.1 percent
This time I had taken myself so beyond the pale of common sense that it took me a few days to bliss out, but it happened. All that relaxing and resting and walking and watching the fountains gives one a lot of time to think and contemplate, and I did a lot of that on this trip.
With only a month-or-so left my thinking has changed. My attitude has changed. My eyes have opened and this next month will be full of NOT taking things for granted.
With you, I was fucking Life.
I want to ‘Reflect on our sin’, ‘Reflect on the sacrifice’ and ‘Reflect on the Son’.
It's hard not to watch a bunch of people surrounded by spiders and not wonder what may be crawling up from under the couch.
The first day of autumn seemed an appropriate time to reprise my version of this popular comfort food, so I've condensed the three original posts into just one; but I hope you'll go back and read those first three posts. And, hey, if you take pity on me for the lack of response to those posts, do leave a comment on them as well as on this one.
Halter Wedding Dresses:
5)Domaine de Rimauresq is in the Cote d'Azur in the beautiful town of Pignans and makes a delicious and unique white wine from around 85% Rolle, with a little Ugni Blanc. The red wines are also outstanding and the estate was one of the top places after phylloxera beginning in the late 1880s. The winery is modern in technique but the vineyard is old and traditionally farmed. It was acquired in the late 1980s by a Scottish family and is located near Toulon.
*Mark Bittman has a recipe for homemade coconut milk! It's also absurdly easy! You put a cup of unsweetened shredded coconut in a blender with 2 cups of hot water and let it sit for 20 minutes. Blend on high (working up gradually from low so the force doesn't bust the lid of the blender off) for 30 seconds or so. Strain into a bowl through cheesecloth (I use a flour-sack dishtowel) set in a strainer, squeezing on the solids - that's your coconut milk. You can return the solids to the blender and do it again with the same coconut and another 2 cups of hot water, letting it sit a little longer this time, and squeezing a little harder. Combine both batches to get a relatively thin coconut milk ideal for making curry, or skip the second pressing to have 2 cups of thicker coconut milk, more like canned. Keeps in the fridge for a couple of days. It separates as it cools, so you have to shake it up before using.
In size and construction the Inerter looks like any other damper. Being placed in the same position as a Heave Damper it was well hidden and unknown to most people. Until the “Spygate” saga in 2007, when the design was referenced as both the “J-Damper” and “a Damper with a Spinning Mass”. It wasn’t until May 2008 that I was able to understand and expose the details of the Inerter concept, publishing its details in Autosport.com (subscribers only http://www.autosport.com/journal/article.php/id/1554 ). Co-incidentally this article is cited in the patent documentation!
If you’ve seen The Birdcage — with Robin Williams, Nathan Lane and Hank Azaria — you know the story! This is the musical version.
I also borrowed three books from the library that were tremendously helpful once we got there:
This mom understands that SHE cannot do any of this without HER FATHER. None of us can, but we often forget that. She is no more equipped or ready than the rest of us. But she fully grasps that God can and will use her right where she is. Our lives are about HIM and not us.
Water rivalry is most acute in poor, arid regions such as northeast Africa but are not confined to Africa.
6. (C) Huddleston explained to Tekeda the USG’s concern about the EEBC’s decision to demarcate the border based on coordinates and pushed the Deputy Foreign Minister to continue dialogue with the Witnesses. Tekeda said that the GOE did not understand the EEBC’s decision and questioned why the EEBC was "rewarding" Eritrea for violating 1640 and occupying the TSZ. Huddleston said that Ethiopia’s decision not to attend the November 20 EEBC meeting sent the wrong signal to the international community. Tekeda lamented that if the current situation with Eritrea did not exist, the two countries would be formidable allies and a powerful force against the "problems" in Somalia. Huddleston told Tekeda that the current border impasse was one of Ethiopia’s greatest challenges and its resolution key to Ethiopia’s democratic and economic development.
I've only lost a couple of pounds, but I'm haven't really changed my eating habits a whole lot either. Not that I'm always eating or that I eat a lot of junk food, just saying I'm not "dieting". Whenever I have tried to "diet", I just wind up freaking out and feeling deprived. Not a good thing. I can tell the walking is doing something good though, because the first day I walked my hips were killing me, but within two days they didn't hurt at all. Now if I could get my shins to not hurt, I'd really be in business!
While it’s likely that we have a set of incomplete stats, I have to say I’m liking the numbers we’re seeing, particularly on defense. As has been the case with the previous two scrimmages, our front seven picked up most of the tackles. This is a MUCH better situation than having our safeties lead the team in tackles. And who knew that three little letters (INT) could bring me so much joy?
It was revealed earlier this year that Handel had numerous email exchanges, and clearly a chummy relationship, with local Log Cabin leaders, who she reassured, “As I’ve told you, I do support domestic partner benefits, and confirm my position here, although I do have concerns about a domestic partner registry."
Walked in and asked for a seat at the bar and had the bar to myself. Nice crowd in the dining room, overlooking the Delaware, but a seat in the cozy bar was right up my alley today.
I am so disappointed that "Have a Seat" is on Stampin' Up!'s list of retiring stamp sets because I love this one! It took a while for me to decide to add this stamp set to my collection, but I don't plan to stop using it just because it's soon to be retired. The plan for this card was to use My Digital Studio to create a shaped card, and I began by adding two Labels Collection digital punch shapes, connected at the top, and filled with one of the "Attic Boutique" digital paper patterns. After printing the design, I would fold the card stock in half and use the coordinating Framelits dies to cut the card. This worked nicely; however, the card was smaller than what I wanted, so I ended up adhering the folded card to a piece of Pool Party card stock. Stampin' Up! products featured on this card include:
The Boers were marginalized in the Republic of South Africa as it was a White Republic not a Boer Republic.
–Raises taxes on oil and gas. Total: $40 billion
“That, I don’t rightly know,” Pitcher admitted. “Pappy established a meeting place in the event something like this happened. We need to get there in the next three or four days. After that …”
Look it up then!
We want to invite you to take a break from your fireplace up north and join us and our palm trees in historic downtown Wilmington for the Hammocks South Grand Opening Weekend! Be the first to discover our newly released homesites and new models. The first one hundred golf course lots to be purchased will have the opportunity to be the first and only founding club members. We have houses that are just waiting for you to move in with your bathing suites, golf clubs, and cocktail glasses. Because here everyday is a vacation day.
8pm, thursday 24 May 2012
I toss and turn, unable to sleep. Something just feels wrong.
13. Symbiosis
Sitting in The Bulls Head playing Mah Jong with the girls. Aircon is whirring in the background and I'm listening to the chatter of the girls and the click of the Mah Jong tiles on the wooden table. I love the feel of the tiles....they are so well worn that they almost feel soft to the touch. My jet lag had well and truely kicked in and I was struggling to work out what hand to play....much to the amusement of Louise!
So, having decided to attempt to find the best breakfast and tortillas in town, I thought no better place than down the road at Barelas…
I play with this Kaleidoscope moving around to find,
I love Sydney Bristow because she is and always will be fantasy for me. I wouldn’t last under torture for a moment. I know this because in the past week I had four cavities filled. And because this
Mr Deacon said that the launch of Lichfield BNP was “only the start of a very promising future for the West Midlands. There are plans for more new groups as the support grows in this region.”
7. Aw Yeah
We have a chart on our workboxes. The chart includes all the workbox/file folder numbers, and it also has blank spaces to put tags for other items, such as time on the trampoline, a snack, time on the wii or Nintendo DS, a nature walk...the possibilities are endless!
What I didn’t figure upon trying this recipe is how easy it is. The story goes…that a reaction occurs between the lime juice and the condensed milk which actually cooks the filling or makes it thicken substantially. Although, you’re still required to cook it for a short time. I used 4 limes for this recipe but think that you could use more. It’s very sweet and I think it needs a bit more acidity from the lime juice. Although if you have a super sweet tooth, 4 limes might suit you. Here we go!
I really like it!
Me: "Um...no...She has counted up to as much as six before, but, um.. no."
Earlier on Lady Grantham had instructed Eloise to deliver some Christmas decorations to the drawing room. This room is hardly ever used in winter as it leads straight on to the balcony area. In summer its delightful to have the door open with a gentle breeze flowing in, but soon after September this room gets terribly draughty.
Anyway, Coat is brown. It is dull. It is patchy. It even has a couple of small holes. The tartan lining is faded. It has lived has coat. Coat smells of weather, of pubs, of tobacco, of me. The pockets contain weird and wonderful bits and pieces. A plastic survival whistle, a bottle opener / corkscrew, the lid from a bottle of Old Speckled Hen, dog biscuits slowly decaying, various empty plastic bags, ciggarette papers so old and damp they are beyond use, scraps of paper with notes and directions. All these things must have been needed at some point in time. I keep these pockets as they are, like preserving some historical tale.
With Earth Day 2012 upon us, it is once again time to draw attention to the environment. Although this should be a given in today’s day and age. This blog post is my second Punk Rock Wisdom post here, and will identify three punk rock songs that have brought attention to climate change (and one bonus video at the end)
Can you share a few of your favorite books or authors?
Check out the following video which I stumbled upon whilst I was learning more about this online (should you wish to watch the video from the beginning, simply drag the horizontal bar to the start):
1:20 Broadfield Marchers
We have busy week ahead of us. Not only did we get rid of one lot of visitors yesterday, we now have another lot coming today! Don't get me wrong I am very happy about it, it's just getting my head around it and everything that needs to be done!
With Seré's letter as example, here are the top 5 things I think a writer should convey in his or her cover letter:
1. Fatback
then you must not wear white, cause it sort of destroys the mystery
while keeping contact with your
Bloody years would follow the blitz's career, anthems for the youth. Science and rhythm left estranged, relax when it's all over. So much dead and gone.
There's a cup of delicious Starbucks coffee and a bag of yummy breakfast sugar cookies. A nice little adrenaline rush for the mid morning fade.
Dick B.
The maiden Allsop/Space auction was held in Dublin on 15th April, 2011 and saw pandemonium on the streets with the culmination of a frenzy of anticipation and is reviewed here.
Yeah, that’s what I thought too, but he said it better. On to the contest. A double take of a cover which is already a mirrored double take: you are ahead of me it’s Double Crossing Time.
For the Meyer Lemon Filling:
Still, even if Stuckey was forced out, the issue may be internal to Forest City Ratner rather than connected to the progress of Atlantic Yards and the roadblocks that remain.
I left the fair pleased with a few other purchases, but in a total muddle about the fabric. Did they want to sell at all? The next day we spoke on the phone and after a few very searching questions, the rather intimidating lady gave me her address and I jumped in the car and headed off across the valley.
Now that is a very smart answer and I tell him so, because you can get away with anything and say this is ‘Mod Oz’ even if you don’t know the basics and certainly have no fre…ng idea whatsoever about the use of spices and the philosophy of Indian food.
(4) The commute isn't so bad:-)
The last 6+ miles were a little bit of struggle, but Denya has the most amazing determination... and she pushed through strong. I am SO proud of this lady. She is inspiring! Congratulations on your first marathon, Denya!!!
Outstanding trait: Honesty and straight-forwardness
Sophie: "Sky! Growing up fatherless has prompted me to obsessively imprint on the first man who shows me attention. You love me, Sky, right? I need validation and an excuse for a song about co-dependency."
My babies were certainly the worst tenants in the history of the world......
And Tracy conveniently leaves out what her real signs actually said:
These could be layered on each other in various combinations and used to make jelly sandwiches, but I didn't take the time to play with them because I had the niggling feeling I already owned all three of these colors and couldn't rest until I figured out if that was true. If you were hanging around nail boards and blogs a year ago, it was hard to escape talk of the OPI Texas collection and the six "sorbet", also known as jelly, polishes it contained. I eventually bought all of them, and darned if Coraline and Kate didn't remind me very much of some of those polishes.
I trust in God’s sovereignty over all things and know that it’s okay for me to grieve. I am grateful for a Lord who blesses me in so many ways, and one of the ways is by the pets he’s brought into our lives.
Go to the “Settings” link to your blog. Click Posts and Comments. From the Pinterest site go to “About” at the top right of the page. Click Pin It Button. You’ll be given several “Goodies” options. Choose the “Follow Button” for websites. Highlight and copy the HTML code. Paste this code in the section on
SS: Do you need me to call anyone?
The intense and continuous cold has led to an avian crisis: the birds need food. Lots of it. With temperatures dropping near single digits, the tiny birds that normally frequent our feeders can lose a significant part of their body weight in one night trying to keep warm. Fortunately for my bird buddies, the school where I teach has been closed for 4 days, allowing me to maintain a pretty continuous buffet. Awesome Husband estimates that over 300 birds have dined at the Little House Cafe, where we've gone through about 30 pounds of black sunflower seed in 3 days, and too many cups of cornmeal/peanut butter suet to keep track of.
I have 5 boys--the oldest of which just turned 10. SO, as I am sure you can probably imagine, there's a LOT of energy at our house . . . which is magnified a hundred fold when it's Christmas time. :)
According to company director, Barry O'Brien.
After Mubarak promised to eventually lift the emergency law in place since 1981, the military command gave a more specific timetable, saying they would go once the protests end — “immediately after the end of the current circumstances.” The law gives police and security forces almost unlimited powers of arrest, which opponents say they have used to crush dissent. Police are also accused of widespread use of torture.
We just went 6-0 in two separate B2B2B's - something no other team has done this season.. Not to mention it's 5 wins in 7 nights.
It was a running joke that they sometimes called me “Bee Girl” and there is a famous line from the film, “Have you ever been stung by a dead bee?”
We asked our friend, Eric Robinson, if he’d be willing to speak at the burial and he accepted the task. We knew he’d communicate a meaningful message to anyone who would come.
add juice of both lemon and orange w/o pulp to flour/sugar blend
“There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.” **Aldous Huxley**
Some respite time is near. Admittedly, it’s good for morale to run the daily gauntlet with a vision of relief within reach. Now as each day arrives, thoughts of the woods, ocean, and winding roads increase in their prominence. Traffic intersections and hallways are already resembling trees and trails. To simply reach ahead is sufficient, and that is clearly felt- in the short run. In doing so, I continue writing as though my handwritten lines and rollered typing paper pave toward the future. Preferring the promising over the prohibitive, forward-looking is an impatient pursuit. But that’s no reason to wish away time. Now to muse the maps and gather provisions for a retreat.
2 garlic cloves, chopped
Before looking into anything else, let us first give some background on Nietzsche’s personal experiences with the opposite sex. After his father died when he was only five, Nietzsche was left to be raised in a household solely occupied by women (his mother, his sister, and two maiden aunts). How much of an affect this had on developing the young man’s lifelong attitudes towards women is impossible to tell, but it would be disingenuous to dismiss it as a triviality. Throughout his life, Nietzsche had few companions (of either gender), and virtually no real romantic relationships (nothing that would qualify as reciprocal love, anyway). In his younger years, he would comment on his determination to remain a lifelong bachelor, because “on the whole, I hate the limitations and obligations of the whole civilized order of things so very much that it would be difficult to find a woman free-spirited enough to follow my lead.”[2] This remark is noteworthy for two reasons: first, his expectation that a woman (even a “free-spirited” one) is to follow his lead, indicates a base level of chauvinism in Nietzsche’s mentality towards women. And second, the philosopher seems to think his personal views are much too radical for any woman to either accept, or be capable of following. The letter also serves to illustrate the divergent tones the philosopher adopts, depending on who he is corresponding with at any given time. This is most evident from a later correspondence (this time with a woman), where Nietzsche uncharacteristically expresses a deep longing for a romantic partner:
All of this might lead you to think that I've got a bit of a downer on Newhaven. Curiously, I haven't. There's something about the place; something that gives it special character that one only finds in marine towns. Alright, so the pubs might look a bit scruffy, but they have a kind of faded grandeur; a sense of having been buffeted by the weather for a couple of centuries, a bit like some weather-beaten old sea captain. And, what's more, they're still open and offering bed and breakfast to the traveller. The street lamps in the High Street have canopies that are reminiscent of the sails from some old square-rigger. There are no less than three war memorials placed in a tiny but beautifully kept garden at the edge of the town. The smart marina, set about with pastel-coloured apartment blocks, is home to a large number of expensive-looking yachts, their halyards slapping against their masts in the stiff breeze. And there is a special quality to the light; a brightness that is not seen in an inland town; a brightness that makes you want to take up a paintbrush and commit something to canvas...
Authentication center (AUC):
Yes, the ukulele is oddly enough a completely different instrument from the piano, but let’s face it, much easier to travel with and I would like to think my singing voice can better thrive alongside a ukulele. I did purchase a beginner’s guide and without the use of a pick, I should be able to strum, possibly even pluck some tunes. *anyone with design skills, feel free to brainstorm some device that will hold a pick steady while attached to my palm. Thanks!
Break this up into three, and you get act 1: starting state and plot turn 1, act 2: pinch, midpoint, pinch, act 3: plot turn 2 and resolution, or 'create problem, make it worse, solve problem'.
Vitellaria paradoxa
My raspberries are on and we have been making freezer jam, freezing raspberries and trying a new banana bread recipe. This is not your mother's banana bread, but it is YUUUMMMY! I found this little gem in my ward cookbook. Very moist and delicious. The white chocolate chips and raspberries take it to another level.
12. We can survive an entire week with no more than $10 in any of our three checking accounts
I am following her blog now too. Thank you for sharing! :0)
When we first got the itch to start growing food for ourselves and become a little more self sufficient, this was the book that got us going. I signed it out from the local library and couldn't put it down. After maxing out the times I could renew the book, I had to return it and couldn't take it out again because someone else had requested it. So I requested it for Christmas.
(*Finicky version: I cut up the chicken, spaghetti, and broccoli into bite-size pieces, pouring strained sauce over the entire thing. My littles want nothing to do with mushrooms. They must be crazy.)
Phreak: I should have listened…
She fed the addiction in the hard years
While Pinksy suggested that, under an alternate scenario, the additional direct subsidy from the city and state might have been $100 million, he didn’t quantify the reduction in revenues and jobs that would result from a smaller, less fancy stadium.
Kid: Bahahahahaa.
Car journeys, they’re long, they’re boring and there’s never anything good on the radio unless you really like Abba, and I’m pretty sure you’re sick of playing the same CD’s over and over and OVER again, so there’s a simple solution! instead of having the original voice on your SatNav, the little nagging woman who sounds like a robot, why not buy a new one to make your car journeys that little bit more interesting.
The finale during the Ten Year Gathering is a spectacular sequence in which the two main characters must escape the executioner's axe in time to protect the Chantry from a gaggle of enormous firebreathing dragons bent on destruction. Fumihiko Sori's soaringly cinematic handling of this thrilling sequence is impressive as are the epic-scale set design and effects.
I don't know why I have been thinking about these things today but I have and decided to share them.
They are not Weather Gods, and WE THE PEOPLE OF THIS NATION AND EARTH are not BUGS to be sprayed by LUNATICS. Kinda sick and funny at the same time, the enviros want to steal hunting from us and protect their wolf and claim wolves will heal the eco-systems, maybe these duped American traitors should get aluminum and Barium off our planet and let hunters and predators alone, DOLTS.
Happy hApPy Friday eve everyone :)
Come and meet her. You won’t ever forget her.
its flesh and fur stripped away
“No, no, there’s a young Hobbit or two that need saving right now. I won’t hear of such nonsense as your running off!” exclaimed the elder putting his hand significantly on his sun-patterned jade and bronze amulet.
Dinner: 2 slices veggie pizza and 1 slice olive pizza + 1 bread stick, 12 carrots (4 starch, 2 veggies, 1 fat, 1 dairy)
The curtains are blowing in the open window, breeze wafting in from the outside, carrying in the loveliest of fragrances from the Italian countryside that is rolling peacefully in the distance. What is it? Freshly crushed grapes? Possibly. Or perhaps I am mistaking this scent to be something more fantastic than a simple air freshener designed to fan a subtle smell into my quarters without my noticing. Is the window even open, or is it just the air conditioner that's making the fabric of the curtains billow so whimsically?
Having clear boundaries makes us feel safe. That’s a natural human trait. We’re designed to want and need boundaries. Boundaries are good and necessary.
Let me put down here 10 clear symptoms that our education system is sick and needs a major overhaul to move forward.
Elmo cupcakes
Skin Deep by Laura Jarratt
Ph. Boa & The Voodoo Club Revolution D
Note: I have made this twice within a 2 week period, that is how much we liked it. Though I left the above recipe as I first wrote it, the last time, I returned it to the oven while the temperature was off and left it in the oven to dry out a bit. The first time seemed a little too moist. If any one has a way to thicken the sauce without adding calories, please let me know...
and posed with our sign, "In memory of Ma-Ma. We love you."
The B-Side, The Picture, is actually much better. In that song she sounds very much Blondie’ish.
Economic conditions wrought by government policies around the world have contributed to the death toll. Europe is undergoing an epidemic of suicide in countries seriously hurt by the downturn. In Greece, the suicide rate among men increased more than 24% since the disaster hit. In Ireland, male suicides have shot up more than 16%. In Italy, economic-motivated suicides have increased 52%.
Section 6 Marriage
2 tbsp matcha powder
08) Sylvia (Focus)
covered in blankets
Dry Stout, Matt Brewing Company, New York, 5.5% ABV
2 1/2 cups whole milk
So on the spring break the kids had we went to Cape Cod ...the place us cool people living in New Hampshire like to refer to as, "The Cape". :) ...and while in "The Cape" one must visit the Cape Cod potato chip factory. So we did, and it was good.
I hope you can join Ramona and all her friends to see what they are passionate about!
Everything after that kind of paled in comparison to the monster arachnid. We saw a much smaller (but still massive – the size of a huntsman?) spider making a web between two trees. Saw a few birds that were startled from sleep by our torches. Saw a teeny tiny frog, half the size of my little fingernail, sitting atop a leaf in the rain. And then, like that, two hours were up and we were back in the carpark.
S. And he believed the LORD, and it counted it to him as righteousness
* Make sure that it takes longer for someone unapproved to decrypt your stuff than the period of time you’d care about for something to be encrypted
Perhaps the spirit of Ian Baldwin (pictured at left with his granddaughter Charlotte) is best expressed in his own words, published in the inaugural issue of the printed Vermont Commons:
The fries were pretty great, though. They have a little condiment bar that has different types of dipping mayonaisses to try. I believe we had Old Bay mayo, Chipotle mayo, and pineapple. They were unique and cooked well. By far the shake was the best part. It definitely had marshmallow fluff mixed into the vanilla ice cream and was not as sickeningly sweet as you would expect. On top were big, toasted marshmallows. Yum. I would recommend just going for fries and shakes!
The base card is a 6"x 6" white card with a first mount of orange/pink card and the papers Ive used are from Sweet Shoppe Digi Downloads, and this set is called "Grace" I love the colours and patterns, the first paper is a all over small flower pattern and the second one which is a little difficult to see but it has large flower heads on, the third is a damask paper in brown and this one was mounted down the card with some cream paper streamers tied around it.
Ali Zafar
Thursday: Blind Pig Beer's 1st Birthday Party
Spinning Plates by Richie McCaffery (pamphlet)
Jingle Bell Rock – Reigning Sound
Government bodies say former NFL quarterback Ryan Leaf has been caught in his Montana hometown on theft and also drug possession fees.
05 Fema Camp
My Tip ~ Remember to always use an acid & lignin free glue on photographs or they will deteriorate over time!
I was born on May 6, 1992. I have a seven-years older big brother. There’s a big age difference but we don’t have any problems about it. Ever since I was young, we were close, we were even shopping together.
His two years in Denver have also been as good as anyone could have expected given the fact that he had to deal with a change at head coach, a shortened training camp in 2011 due to the lockout, and having to work with several offensive coordinators.
Good morning everyone! Did you have a fun weekend? Mike and I had a very interesting time on our ride :) Saturday was a near perfect day. Beautiful weather and we really enjoyed ourselves. Sunday...well that was an altogether different story. The forecast was calling for rain, but not until later in the day. We knew we would be home by then. We woke up to fog and thunder. Not a good sign when you're traveling by motorcycle. Mike had chaps and we both had our leather jackets but he didn't bring his rain gear and I didn't have any. We left Jefferson City and headed for Sedalia, about an hours ride. Within 15 minutes my jeans and long underwear were soaked. I had a tube like thing covered my head (you wear it under your helmet) this was keeping my face warm and dry (thanks mom!) By the time we got to Sedalia I was soaked to the bone! We ran into Walmart and bought dry pants, socks and rain gear for my and a second shirt for Mike. I then proceeded to change my clothes in the Walmart bathroom. When I took off my wet socks, they were dripping wet and I wrung them out in TOILET! Seriously, this is how soaked I was. Let me tell you though, after I changed, I felt like a new woman! We got back on the road and we were home in about an hour and a half. Yes it was raining on us, pouring at times, yes it was cold, but I wouldn't have changed a minute of it. It's all part of the experience of riding a motorcycle. Mike and I had a blast together and for our first trip out of town on the Harley, it's quite the story! I said to him, "what's the one thing we learned this weekend?" He said, "DON'T TRAVEL WITHOUT YOUR RAIN GEAR, NO MATTER WHAT THE WEATHERMAN SAYS!!!!" Hahahahahaha!
3D Sparkly Garden Brads - Green
10:30 – 11:30 a.m.
The content of this post is self-centered. I dare not count how many times, I type, “I”. Far too often, I fear! Something inside me aches to write about ME, however, and so I am going forward.
I could see it in your eyes
It's a not-so-hidden secret that I'm a fan, and I've attempted to write one before, though half heartedly. This fall, I made major steps in that direction. I have 40-something pages of my first real shot at a novel almost done (the photo includes pages that are part of that manuscript), and I'll be submitting a sample from that book to a competition in January. I have a pen name picked out, too, but I don't know if I'll use it. More on that in another post.
You will have until Tuesday morning September 27, 2011 at 9 AM EST to enter for my blog candy. Winner will be announced that same day. I will use Random org to draw the winner and they will have one week to contact me and claim their prize.
By Deborah Iwabuchi, Maebashi
The FTX-L 3G is a space-saving 100mm x 266mm module. It is housed in the standard Crystal Vision frames (available in 4U, 2U, 1U and desk top box sizes) which makes it very easy to transmit signals from any of the company’s interface, keying or picture storage modules, by making system wiring easier. Inputs and outputs are accessed using the RM55 frame rear module – conveniently the same rear module used for the FRX 3G receiver.
Remember that everything should be consumed in moderation, especially in deep fried food.
My husband had to calm me down. It was a sad sight.
I think it is going to be a good thing for me.
I said,"Yes, you are. We are just celebrating that you are getting older. You don't need mama's milk, but you are not too old for cuddles."
This little table is adorable as an end table or a hallway table, or just a decorative table. I love the antique look of it and the shabby-chic paint job. I think $65 is a fair price for it too. The only downside is this is a pick-up only item, but I suppose thats good news for all of you who live in and around NJ because thats less competition for you to get this! Of course I could always stop on my way to NC and get it for myself...
That night I couldn’t sleep because I was so… excited for Valentines day. So I woke up at 5:00 A.M. I ate breakfast at 6 A.M. and read a book until 10:00 A.M.
***NOTICE***
After the jury trial in October, we will then pick up the process of the 5th Circuit appeal, which will be led again by our attorney, Peter Schey (Center for Human Rights and Constitutional Law) who on a conference call yesterday, faithfully committed to our elders to continue to challenge the gross violations of the constitution and civil rights.
Where it fails (and I doubt that 'fail' is even the right word) is in the preservation of identity. There's little point in denying that the character of the bottled Wherry is noticeably altered. It's a lot busier, with the top-end flavours reaching higher than they ever felt the need to back in the Hunny Bell. And without doubt, the body of the drink is of a lighter, less substantial consistency - probably due to the higher, more overtly 'gassy' oxygenation.
Dates: Jun 25-Aug 16; Age/Grade Range: 4yo-adult
The attachment makes very nice buttonholes and you gotta love that space-age plastic box.
When a neighbor saw our moving truck hurtling down the road, he and his son sped over on their bikes to help us unload. Another neighbor brought us a plate of home baked cookies, and another brought us a box of chocolates. That sweet couple even brought a pen and paper to write down all the children’s names and ages so they wouldn’t forget.
Paul Engemann - American Dream
we were alive to see
When someone else touches me, it brings back horrible memories. Then it becomes a battle to stop thinking about it – which in turn leads to no physical sensation as my mind is somewhere else altogether.
But the next scream might hit too close to home. Kaylee’s borrowed lifeline has almost run out.
Integrity need not shine.
Dusk was beginning to settle. Birds flew home for the night, a brilliant red sky lighting their way. A low growl resonated from the end of a row of houses close by. I placed my hand on the hilt of my Jian, drawing the Chinese sword a few inches out of its sheath as I continued toward the noise.
I don't think I can do something big for the scene by being on TV, but I am still trying to figure out something helpful to people in the scene. I thought it was a good idea to wear some merch from the scene, and that's why I wore the GMC Records stadium jacket and the GMC Records summer festival t-shirt at the time. Honestly, a number of people said it was so cool to see GMC stuff on TV and I just can't count how many compliments I got from it. So I should stay on the show for ong to show some more merch, right? haha
Crystallized ginger - I used 4 nice sized pieces, chopped.This resulted in a very mild ginger note. I will probably use a bit more next time.
My life is yours if need be.
As many nation states as well as supranational governing bodies (e.g. the European Commission) fail to address these realities and challenges in a convincing and comprehensive way and also because of the regional/local specificity of problems and challenges, we are now witnessing the rapid rise of peri-urban regions engaged in developing rural development strategies (e.g. the PURPLE network) and cities (e.g. London, Amsterdam, Rotterdam) designing and implementing their own food strategies. Although I am strongly in favour of the subsidiarity principle I do believe that local/regional initiatives can develop more efficient and effective when they fit within a broader policy framework at (supra)national level. In that respect I think that it would be favourable if the ongoing CAP reforms ultimately result in a disappearance of the CAP and the appearance of two new policy frameworks arising out of the CAP: a Common Regional Policy (CRP) focusing on the sustainable development of regions (encompassing both urban and rural areas) and a Common Food Policy (CRP) addressing the multidimensionality (health, environment, equity, employment, etc.) of food. A CRP would require a ‘merger’ of current rural and regional development policies (and thus the integration of DG Regional Policy and the rural development part of DG Agriculture and Rural Development), whereas a CFP would be based upon an integration of policies in the domains of agriculture, health, consumer protection, environment, transport, social affairs and equal opportunities. I am fully aware that this is utopian at this moment, yet in the longer run the notions of CRP and CFP may serve as a guideline for further policy reforms.
I can't say I miss South Africa because the lifestyle I missed is no longer there; one cannot braai outside without half an eye out for intruders, one can no longer simply sleep on the beach or the side of the road during holidays, nor really go for walks and enjoy nature, one cannot go out and enjoy a summers evening without constantly watching your back.
Now, I know what you're thinking. Every mom wants to believe that their child is special, smart, gifted, talented, super uper duper the bestest in the wordlest. Right? And maybe you think I should really look at those scores and reconsider the path I'm taking with her.
Om Puri
Gautama did not know a thing about all this. He and his wife, did their daily duties, happily. Then one day, a weak cow, wandered into Gautama’s watered, grain fields. Because of Ganesa’s boon, that trembling cow started eating the grain. Gautama, just happened to come there at that time and tried to drive the cow out with a single strand of straw. And even as Gautama was looking on, that cow collapsed onto the ground and died.
Making this a Seventh Doctor/ Mel story was an excellent choice. It was in Season 24 that Dr. Who began to take a more experimental, off-the-wall direction (sadly coming to a close in Season 26). It was wonderful to hear Sylvester McCoy and Bonnie Langford perform together again. Whatever critics say, I absolutely adore the much maligned Season 24. I can't help feeling, however, that Bonnie on audio does not quite come across as the surreal character that appeared onscreen (she comes much closer in the Colin Baker audio, The One Doctor). Bonnie does give us an hilarious reversal of her classic line about being "as honest and truthful, and about as boring as they come." This reversal is a real gem.
The truth is, bacteria is not just another germ in the world of uncleanness. No, bacteria is an essential part of everyday life and helps you live.
That moment of pain
This is a new Afrobeat and Afro Funk mix I put together. The opening track is from a insanely rare 45 by Nigerian group The Clusters, followed by an unreleased track by Benin's Orchestre Poly Rythmo. This version of "ou c'est lui ou c'est moi" is from the first recording session for their ALS005 album with Vincent Ahehehinnou. The label owner rejected this first effort and had the band go back into the studio and re-record the whole thing. The album which eventually got released is already amongst the rarest releases of the vast Poly Rythmo catalog but only two acetates of the first recording session were ever found. One copy remains with a legendary Toronto based collector and the other one sits right here at Voodoo Funk headquarters.
I know in my heart that if I just say no no no no to things that he wants to try
Out of curiosity, I Googled it. The results came back that it could help Psoriasis. Hmm, really? So I trekked to my local health store, 2 months ago and there it sat next to the body moisturizers. It was all alone and looked rather uninteresting, mixed with Aloe Vera. Not much of a description, no warnings on the slender tall bottle… so of course I had to try it!
I used the pressed powder on top and it matted my skin very well, which I wasn't too fond of, but after an hour or so my skin looked more dewy when the oils started to produce on my skin.
Dr Pravin Shingare, state director of medical education and research, said since the hike to Rs 10 lakh, over 4,000 doctors have enrolled for rural service.
Voici ma page, sur la quelle j'ai créé des cercles en utilisant un rouleau de papier toilette. J'avais fait un video il y a quelque temps montrant cette technique.
I decided to use the flowers on our first outdoor table of the season. Although we have gone from Lovely Spring weather to Fiery Furnace weather in the last few days, it's still nice and breezy here in central Texas. I chose a blue and white Williams-Sonoma tablecloth for the patio table.
You captivate me
Hare: Another actually likeable character, albeit fairly bland. She actually has reasons and backs them up for liking Shu, and her personality is generally quite nice too. Her death scene was actually quite sad, so I must have cared for her somewhat.
What grabbed me about this image, however, was the object hanging on the wall behind them. Such a great shape and form, and at the time I was desperately searching for a statement necklace to wear with my wedding dress. I had been trawling the internet, looking at vintage and antique pieces. That shape stuck in my head. It seemed like it would suit a neck so very well. And so it was a very happy coincidence when I decided to pursue my search for work by Mexican silver jewellery artists in the 60s and 70s – because this is what I found:
The Lion's Share is a fun storybook by Matthew McElligott. The book tells of an ant attending the animal king's dinner party, where each guest takes half of what is left of the cake until the ant has only crumbs to try to share with the king. Appalled she offers to bake the king a cake, and the animals then take turns trying to top each other's offers, each offering to bake double the number of cakes of the previous animal. It is a good way to review fractions and to introduce exponents. The author's webpage (linked above) includes lesson plan ideas though the most obvious possibility is to simply have a little tea party dividing up a cake or paper-cake the same way as demonstrated in the book.
GOAL! Bolton 1-1 Spurs (Reo-Coker 51′) Kevin Davies flicked on a long throw-in, Ngog backheeled the ball slyly to Reo-Coker, who smashed the ball into the net from eight yards! That could prove curcial in Bolton’s relegation fight and, of course, very significant in the Champions League race. Less good for Newcastle, however, is the news that Tioté has finally been carried off on a stretcher – after an eight-mintue stoppage – Ryan Taylor has been put on in midfield.
Have a wonderful and safe weekend. Thanks for stopping by and taking a look!
The principle behind the pastry is to create many layers of dough and butter by folding and turning the two together. (Unlike short pastry, the butter is not incorporated into the dough but rather folded into the layers).
You can substitute for a charge, which neither of us really cared about. For us, last night it was about having everything and anything we wanted.
One day when shopping, Tom spots a toy bunny rabbit that he wants desperately, and in an act of rebellion his mother decides to use the precious little money they have, and buy it. Tom names the rabbit Borger and they instantly become inseparable. However, it’s not long before Tom realizes Borger isn’t any ordinary toy, and events start to take a sinister turn.…
And what if the project doesn't sell? Then chances are very good I'll be spending a lot of time helping them get the next project into shape. And if I only took on a project because of its sell factor, chances are good I may or may not like the writing of the new project. That feels a bit risky to me.
a weeks ago,
I love the variety of orange colors in the flowers. The center is almost red and then the oranges lighten as they go out to the petals. Perfect.
Never solely a bookstore, and now more than ever a center for community activities, In Other Words is a most inviting place for this reading and discussion of issues ranging from the social pressures on “unwed mothers” pre-Roe to the hardships confronted by impoverished single-parent families today, from the risks confronting antiwar and civil rights activists of “the Sixties” to the dangers, present and to come, for Occupiers and others who confront today’s militarized police, privatized prisons, and dismantling of basic Constitutional protections.
What I am challenging you to do, though, is to be self-aware, and make a slight adjustment to Arise With ADVANTAGE.
Just a quick update on the kiddos. Julia is finishing up her Kindergarten year already! She graduated from Providence Classical Christian Academy Thursday night (4-29). It is a little bitter-sweet for me and just a glimpse of how fast it really will go! I think that is the #1 thing older moms tell me, is "You just really won't believe how fast it will go." I think that is the Lord's way of telling me, "Enjoy your children everyday and make the most of every moment!" Ok. Enough of that... back to Julia. She enjoyed playing Soccer in the Fall and Spring semesters. She had alot of fun, although it didn't come in so handy that we have instilled in her to 'share', 'take turns', 'be gentle'... it was a little awkward for her to get in there and get it first and to be aggressive! None-the-less she had fun and enjoyed playing. Going to school and having more responsibility has been good for her. I appreciate having her around three days a week at home and helping with the little ones. Julia is a great sister.
Me: H, what did you drink at lunch today?
So I guess the idea of starting to play around with ideas is that by Xmas I will have the perfect invite for the perfect wedding.
September 30 – Civic Coliseum, Knoxville, TN
Use files and then sandpaper to smooth the back surface where you removed the shanks. Nobody likes sharp earrings and blood on the ears really is not chic.
First person narratives are within the ‘I did this’ and ‘I did that’ style of writing. For me, when I think of this kind of writing style, there is a very strong emphasis on how a person feels and reacts to a situation. The importance of being ‘in character’ for first person is that you have you ultimately make us feel what the character feels. This includes showing the reactions that he/she/zir would have to various things, how they would react to familiar and new situations.
Shannon: Layered.
collapsed in relief and talked over the experience. We then packed up in preparation
:: seen the fabric of what feels like a favorite shirt on my arm out of the corner of my eye, yet I don't have that shirt in my closet...
David Bowie
and we do that all the way to Z. The kids are exhausted and all smiles by the time we're done with the alphabet, but it teaches them the be mindful of where each letter is and how it's formed.
Volei is listed as one of the after-school activities that my children can participate in – both boys and girls.
...unless he has access to his own Tandy TRS-80.
* Cool on pan 5 minutes, transfer onto wire rack to cool.
One of the main obstacles an independent author faces is that too many media outlets refuse to give credence to our work. Although I have received support and interviews in local publications, efforts to get my books reviewed have been thwarted. Our local newspaper, The Roanoke Times, refuses to not only review any self-published author, but also accept reviews from others for self-published books. As I have been a paid columnist, as well as a free contributor to a blog, the irony is not lost on me.
"Yes. Yes, it would be crazy."
To get the final shot I made about 9 exposures which I masked together in Photoshop. I first took a shot of the glass by itself. Another shot with the added umbrella and then several with the smoke since it kept changing and I wanted to blend a few of the different smoke movements into the single image.
Yesterday we started talking about Stockpiling! Today I wanted to share a few Stockpiling Tips and answer a few faq's!
a) 10
Format: 2 × CD, Compilation
Guardian of the Seventh Realm Book Four: The Sword of Righteousness is
Also in the Broadway cast: An Elaine Stritch so scrappy she was nominated for a Tony
To start, the key organizers were absurdly late so the crowd and I milled about awkwardly and without purpose. Then, before we started the set, I prayed aloud into the mic and for what seems like the first time I prayed genuinely and not just a show of what I felt were the right things to say when praying out loud in public. It felt great. However, certain people were laughing and chatting throughout the prayer. In fact, they were chatting throughout the worship. I recognized these people to be from my old church. I also recalled that I despised them. A lot.
Hello Donna,
 Bold and courageous in whatever they do
~Billy Wobblynife
The objective of the game is to be the first player to score 10 points. Have a player roll the die on the floor in front of the class. If the die lands on a blank space, they do not answer a question. If the die lands on “?”, they are asked a question by the teacher from the test. If the player answers correctly, they receive a point (you can use tokens, write it on the board, etc.). If they are not correct, they do not receive a point. The first player to score 10 points, is the winner. You can play this game individually or in teams. For an added challenge, you can also have “Lose 1 Point” and “Take 1 Point” on a side of the die. When a player rolls “Lose 1 Point”, they must lose 1 point. If a player rolls “Take 1 Point”, they may take a point from any player they choose.
NUTS cat tucks his tail between his legs and follows BAD cat out the door.
It is almost the end of another month and I just can't believe it. I have a few more projects to share with you that our Delightful Designers created using our March kit. Today's project was created by June using our (sold out) March card kit.
This is not my story. But it could have been.
Midnight bells go off, still no sign of her return,
Pics to come.....
Mrs. Stanton kept insisting she wanted inside and finally told Mom, "I have something I want you to give you. "I want you to take them." Mom raised a small window near the door, telling Mrs. Stanton to hand whatever it was through to her. I watched as her hand came in view and Mom reached her hand closer and three pocket knives passed between the two, the woman telling Mom that she was afraid her husband intended to use them on someone of us and for Mom to hide them and that her husband didn't know she had sneaked out with them. Looking back today, I can understand it was probably my dad who was the old man's intended victim.
We retired to the living room for Christmas pudding on our laps and a few rounds of our favourite family parlour game, arthritic charades. As in previous years George was unable to indicate how many words because of his crooked fingers so, to avoid us shouting out "Three and a half?" we allowed him to speak that bit. After all these years he still doesn't get the idea that this is a mime game and seems at pains to find props. So he nearly disrobed for The Naked Civil Servant and had us all having to uproot from our comfy chairs to see him go into the hall to demonstrate Stairway to Heaven. We were stumped with his charade of Withnail and I, mainly on account of George thinking it was Withnail and One but he topped this with his constant counting to seven as a 'clue' for the second word in Perfect Day: "there are seven days in a week!" he exclaimed after we'd given up.
16. Charles Finney, Memoirs (New York: A.S. Barnes & Co. , 1876), 44-45.
“I don’t need to score, everybody else is scoring and we are winning. My goals will come. The most important thing is we have other guys stepping up and scoring.” – Dwayne De Rosario
Another thing I've been struggling with is being grateful and happy for everything I have, but still feeling empty and sad. I have everything that I had before Jacob died and I was happy then. Now I have those things, and more (some amazing friends, a house), but a huge piece is missing. I was telling Ted this the other day and he said that our lives are like a puzzle. It is a beautiful puzzle and it is almost complete, but a really important piece is missing. I've been thinking of that analogy alot since then. The puzzle was so close to being completed. We had the puzzle piece in our hands, but then we just....lost it. We look at the puzzle and, for the most part, focus on the missing piece. That piece will always be noticeably missing, but one day, more often than not, we will look at the puzzle and be able to focus more on what is there than on what isn't. But we will always be looking for and missing that piece. The puzzle will never be complete. We will never be complete.
The Pentagon account also mentioned meetings between the assembled military chiefs and representatives of Georgia and Ukraine, within the NATO-Georgia Commission and NATO-Ukraine Commission frameworks, and of the NATO-Russia Council.
God has the best in store for us. When God created you, he also planned your love life. Decide today, are you going to follow God?
Sometimes B manages a very nice surprise. On Friday night, he took me to see Bon Iver (3rd row center, hells yes!)....and it was sorta a perfect night in all the ways you hope for. We stopped at our favorite spot to get some wine and a bite to eat. Two seats at the bar were open. We drank delicious Sancerre, ate mussels, steak tartare and a little cheese plate. Then we headed downtown. We parked the car, took a walk past the place we shared our first kiss nine-plus years ago and headed over to Spreckels Theater. We walked in just as Bon Iver was going onstage. Show was amazing. Plus they played almost every song from their first album, which of course is how I fell in love with them in the first place. The only slight disappoint I had was that I was sending them E.S.P. messages like crazy to play my favorite cover ever, but my frequency must have been off. Usually when I try that hard things come through for me. ;-)
It was such a fun night!
Whatever it is, things move
I don't do this for recognition or fame. I do not receive either at school. We usually just hear about what we need to do better. I do this because I believe in kids. I want to teach them. I want to be around them. I want to show them love and give them a positive role model.
After that, he never initiated another text and they were rarely returned. Finally, the calls, texts stopped. Smoke signals weren’t returned either.
“No,” Bug answered. “She just doesn’t like BK.”
The sea glass that's in the champagne glass? I found it in Maine - can you believe it? I literally jumped up and down and squealed every time I found a piece! I also found some sand dollars, which I showed you earlier:
Hi, my name is TROY MORGAN, I buy gold and silver in any condition. No matter if it is broken jewelry, coins, or bullion, I will be more than happy to give you a very generous price on your merchandise. We have several store locations around Houston AND EAST TEXAS. If you would like to get a free quote or appraisal on your merchandise, Please give me a call at (281) 204-7265 to get a quote or directions to a store location near you. Feel free to go and check out our coins and bullion page to see what we all we have for sale. If you have any other questions about our services or need more information, feel free to give me a call anytime.
My job is seasonal, so I have been off the past couple of months. It was nice to go back because it is like hanging out with friends. My co-workers are my friends.
Yes, probably.
One of the characters I most enjoyed reading was Erin. How did you go about creating a character with no physical presence? Did you find it more challenging to characterize her than the others?
"Mom, please. Stop."
One of the things the kids like most is their advent calendar. My mother is a quilter, and she made them each an advent calendar when they were babies.
I said, "Let's go."
Murder of a Creped Suzette by Denise Swanson
Only 4 more days to go and the concert will be here. I have a few more details to take care of, my outfit to finalize (red ruffles or black lace?...) and of course 4 more rehearsing sessions.
After that, I spent years studying art history, translating art books and doing all kinds of jobs until a friend suggested I try earning a living from what I really loved doing. Back to the drawing board!
Reading: Colossians 3:8, 12-13
I don’t mean to say that I have already achieved these things or that I have already reached perfection. But I press on to possess that perfection for which Christ Jesus first possessed me. No, dear brothers and sisters, I have not achieved it,but I focus on this one thing: Forgetting the past and looking forward to what lies ahead, I press on to reach the end of the race and receive the heavenly prize for which God, through Christ Jesus, is calling us.
Eventually, after years, I got to a place where I gave up trying to do it on my own. I went to the GP, got help, got tablets…came home and had a revelation. I reached the end of myself and have never stood at such a clear crossroads before: Be ‘fixed’ by the world – or jump into my counsellor God’s arms – someone who knows and loves me intimately and who has paid for my freedom – total freedom. I put down the antidepressants and picked up the bible (disclaimer: please talk to your doctor and mentor before stopping any medication). I reached up, and I reached out. I said “God, I can’t do this day, this hour, this minute without your help”. And day by day, minute by minute, he faithfully saved me.
18 song
Welcome to the Anything Goes Blog Hop. I put together this hop to celebrate my one year Blog Birthiversary and to kick off a weeks worth of giveaways! I can't believe I have been doing this for a year! I have loved every minute of it. I decided to make the theme for this hop Anything Goes because I have been trying my hand at other things crafty beyond paper and wanted to share with you what I have created.
They also have some fun contests with great prizes, and it just so happens the next one will feature my book. So head on over there, sign up for the '80s Time Machine, and win an ebook or paperback copy of 49 MIX TAPES. Then stick around for all the other stuff I mentioned. It's worth it.
Forster and Rostami's story has not, until today, appeared in this paper. The responding officer coded the incident as a simple assault, despite their assertions that at least 30 people had participated in the attack. A reporter making routine checks of police reports would see "simple assault" and, if the names were unfamiliar, would be unlikely to write about it. In this case, editors hesitated to assign a story about their own employees. Would it seem like the paper treated its employees differently from other crime victims?
Go, therefore, and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, and teaching them to obey all that I have commanded. And remember, I will be with you always, even to the end of the age.
He merely states that he is not himself, and therefore, being something else, becomes a questioner of what that something is. Yet he could never be alive at all unless he knew the answer. If he asks as if he does not know, it merely shows he does not want to be the thing he is. He has accepted it because he lives; has judged against it and denied its worth, and has decided that he does not know the only certainty by which he lives.
Sometimes I find that in these situations my patience run thin (thinner than usual LOL)
Clash of the Titans achieves nothing, but it also aspires to nothing, so I liked it better than Avatar. Consider that an endorsement, because I guarantee that Clash is exactly the movie it appears to be in the trailer, on the poster, on YouTube, and on any and all video games inpired by or directly licensed to it. In fact, the movie's penultimate battle between Perseus and the Kraken was almost identical to my friend's pre-movie throw-down with a sea monster in Gods of War III (he's got a PS3). The only difference was drama--the game having far more because it was less formulaic than the film. I knew my friend's character (avatar?) could get killed by that monster, but I never feared for Perseus.
POLITICS: The CIA fucking sucks.
Reeking of death.
If blood is the answer, you are asking the wrong question.
A display of some of the Gaja product line.
Our sunny drive to Nestleton and back home that day was so pleasant. I don’t have many memories of being alone with either of my parents and especially not Dad because he was taken from us when I was only eighteen and the little ones were, well, much littler than I was. It wasn’t often in our house that you actually got a parent all to yourself. Time spent alone with either of my parents stands out vividly in my memory banks, it was so rare.
Update 11-8-11:
Bank account the size of Texas gets ‘em every time
I don't know what to do with myself.
If Dynasty’s mom made any mistake here, it’s in not treating the administrators as being as much her son’s enemies as they really turned out to be. Dynasty deserved that weapon, but it gave administrators the excuse they needed to help homophobic bullies make his life miserable, and of course they took that excuse and ran with it.
Daylight saving time, a source of confusion and mystery for many, will strike again this weekend. The idea of resetting clocks forward an hour in the spring and back an hour in the fall was first suggested by Benjamin Franklin in his essay "An Economical Project for Diminishing the Cost of Light," which was published in the Journal de Paris in April 1784.
The spirit of the master is abating, that of the slave rising from the dust, his condition mollifying, the way I hope preparing, under the auspices of heaven, for a total emancipation, and that this is disposed, in the order of events, to be with the consent of the masters, rather than by their extirpation.
With the price of unleaded regular gas averaging $4.11 a gallon in 2008, it's hard to believe that it was only 25 cents a gallon in 1959.
“There are vital matters pending such as to resolve the deceased’s funeral and pacify her spirit through charitable attention to the orphaned children.”
I just wish it were easier to determine which of the answers were the CORRECT ones. When it comes to the decisions we are making regarding Bennett, or even Carter for that matter, it seems like I spend half the time making a choice, and the other half second guessing it.
Aris Greek Lager
Ultimately, Priest calls the 2012 Nominees a "dreadful shortlist put together by a set of judges who were not fit for purpose" and goes on to say it doesn't matter who wins "because all of them are deficient in the ways I have described." The fault, of course, lies with mainly with a panel of judges he calls "incompetent" and demands either "be fired, or forced to resign, immediately." Some of the fault must also lie with us, however, since he makes it clear the authors nominated are just pandering to our lack of ambition, short attention spans, and general illiteracy.
-repainted nightstands and added new hardware
So, re-insertion into Boston. Not the pain and suffering I had been warned about. I wonder if it is worse for leaders than followers....
~Chinese proverb
So, Heavenly Father, we come to You, and we know deep down in our hearts that this does not describe us. I know it doesn’t describe me, and I’m ashamed at that. Lord, give us the strength to turn to You in suffering, not to lash out at those around us, or to be poisoned by depression or bitterness. Suffering produces faith. Perfect us in the image of Your Son.
-Gen 6:1-4
It happens in a blink
I worked last week. And despite the extra unexpected day off, I still worked the rest. Not short days either: I was away for most of the day, would come home, hop into bed, get out again and go to work again. Tiring!
Some tidbits I’ve told my children:
One such place was Argentina, where Melissa spent from 2001 to 2004 through Delphi Group bringing sustainability knowledge to rural communities. This included installing solar panels on schools. “There was a lot of belief that if we could help developing countries to leapfrog what we were doing, we could make a big impact. We were setting them up for a cleaner future without having to backtrack,” she says. Melissa now runs her own consulting company called Sapis.
A woman recently said to me, ‘In friendship, I look for what I can get out of it. If I’m not getting anything from it, I put a stop to it.’ This novel perspective, for lack of a better expression, took me aback. Perhaps she had been getting things from those subsequently discarded relationships, value which she couldn’t recognise. Perhaps she needs to talk and the other person is a good listener. Although she is actually looking for gossip or criticism about others in return, isn’t being a good listener a better alternative? I’ve never thought about what I ‘get’ from my friendships other than love through acceptance and companionship. Have you? What should else should we be ‘getting’ if that person enjoys our company? Isn’t that enough? Isn’t that what friendship is about?
I have been calling Max a Euro, which is a mistake. He's actually from Argentina, which makes him a South American Euro. Brad STILL won't shut up about Max's hotness and Jill (or is it Bobby Z?) apologizes, saying, "Brad's been sipping the honeywine." HONEYWINE. I don't even know what that means and I still love it.
Knowing You means I am never alone.
So why did I go along? Curiosity. That and the promise of free booze and nibbles ;-)
You should have just arrived from The Twinery's Blog and now...you are here with me! I had so much fun creating with Imaginisce and the Twinery. I found the products to easy to use together. So, now...let me share!
Pretty boy LU HAN: Just like Kai, the first time you see Lu Han he gives off a pretty boy feel, obviously aside from just having a perfect appearance, his vocal abilities and dance are all beautiful. Because it was during the time he was studying abroad in Korea that he was scouted, during the time he was a trainee his Korean ability was already really good, no wonder now that he’s promoting in China, he sometimes personally becomes a mini translator for the two Korean members.
This rather technical report provides lists of information pertaining to the technology, materials, isotope separation, reactors, and other information pertaining to previously classified weapons production information.
Hi all :-) I hope that all is well with everyone and that you’re all finding a little time in your busy lives to sneak a little crafty time in :-)
Sorry for the blatant cry for pats on the back, but trust me, they're needed. Or else I might become a permanent slacker.
Who this works for:
1 burned
In true Westminster tradition, unless you actually knew what the bill contained, something you won’t necessarily get from its name, you might have been at loss about the significance of the Grocery Code Adjudicator Bill. While this bill is part of a fairly dull and unambitious mid term programme of legislation, much of which is, at first glace, irrelevant to Wales, as with many things, the devil is in the detail, as noted by Devolution Matters.
The Green and Burning Tree: On the Writing and Enjoyment of Children's Books by Eleanor Cameron
The chemist said it would be alright, but I’ve never been the same.
OHWOW: "OHWOW was established in 2008 by Al Moran and Aaron Bondaroff to encourage artistic innovation and provide a platform for progressive art of all media, featuring both emerging and established artists’ work." The piece below by Terry Richardson recreates the red carpet experience.
“No, I shall not want the omnibus,” said Colville, with a laugh, doubtless not perfectly intelligible to the landlord, who respectfully joined him in it.
Shoes bought: Simon 2 Karolina 2
Anyhoo, Paul and I scurried around all day getting the place just so. You know Paul, a place for everything and everything in its place!! We set out place cards and had just lit the candles when the doorbell rang! I gave Paul a quick peck and said “It’s show time!” I opened the door, and of course, there were Rick and Karen Santorum right on time.
The flower pot has a magnet on the back (as does the inside of the card), so the recipient can take the flower pot off the card to display it. Here's what it looks like off the card:-
If you are going to go public on issues that affect Canadians, their lives and public policy then be prepared for the heat, the fight and the criticism. I don’t know but I would prefer a General more than a social worker down at the municipal welfare office. What kind of Generals are we producing? I want tough as nails with brains Generals not some squishy, touchy feely, multiculti , politically correct guys.
You'll note, of course, that the BBC found time to list Nawaz's achievements as the poor boy from Pakistan made good in Bradford, but neglected to tell us that where he comes from, behaviour and attitudes such as this are shockingly common - particularly towards infidels.
Spread breasts with mustard and cover with 2 pastrami slices. Roll up, enclosing pastrami Secure with wooden toothpicks
The Cats Talk at Midnight Part 6 - see post for May 27th (sorry, I can't link before the schedule date and I am currently without computer access)
6x6 oil on Raymar canvas panel
As with most of the world, blended whiskies are the most popular whiskies in Japan. At bars and clubs, they tend to be imbibed in mizuwari, with ice and lots of water (i.e. a highball, often with as much as 2:1 whisky to water ratio).
We talked a lot at this appointment about labor and delivery, and I was a bit surprised at just how liberal my doctor is. Since I want a natural delivery, she will essentially allow me to labor at home for most of the time, assuming that nothing raises any red flags. Because I only live a couple of miles from the hospital (albeit in city traffic), if all goes well, she's let me go as long as to the point where I'm three minutes or so between contractions. She said she'll talk to me periodically during the time I'm at home to assess me over the phone. However, she also said that if I'm at all uncomfortable laboring at home, and want to be in the hospital, I can do that, too. We'll see. I have to take a cab to the hospital, and contractions in the car seem so unpleasant to me, especially with all of the speed bumps in the neighborhoods between here and the hospital. I think that's my biggest hangup about laboring at home.
This sort of mentality and outlook has visible effects in how things work when such a terror organization hits a rough opponent. There are tell-tale signs of an inefficient organization that is sacrificing boots on the ground for overhead. I will return to my first internal link and pull this out from my 2006 article:
In any case, we held a fairly steady 10 minute/mile pace, and managed to make it back in one piece.
Last year in one of the assessment tasks, many students focused on community engagement events like Race for Research, Red Nose Day and Girls Night In. This year I’m going to encourage people to focus more on examples where the community was engaged in more substantial ways than attending an event. Essentially these events are fund-raising and awareness-raising rather than engaging people in meaningful ways.
“Professional, experienced copywriter providing SEO copywriting, print marketing media, ghostwriting, corporate blogging and article marketing.”
Agencies can tell from an application if you’re not qualified to be a traveler. If this is the case, they should at least send you a courtesy email letting you know. A good recruiter knows that establishing a relationship now could lead to a placement later.
The achievement hasn't arrived without some controversy though; WoW-heads point out that technically he's still missing one illusive, event-tied achievement (called "BB King"), but he's managed to dodge it via a glitch awarding one extra, false achievement point. via
What had she done? They are in the middle of her forehead. I had to pause the tv and try to figure it out. Did she have a lift? A little botox? An accident - so she had to draw them on? Were these fore.head.brows on purpose?
1 stick (1/2 c) margarine or butter
When a beer is so unrelentingly 'correct' in every sense - it crosses a line and becomes everything a beer should never be.
Q: Do you have a boyfriend yet?
6 TBSP butter, divided use
O LORD! Fill me with the knowledge of Your Will, with all the wisdom and understanding that Your Spirit gives! Amen!
Running Board Back in Time
Now all those Tea-Baggers said, “I’m really not sure”
The lucky winner is:
-Chris Dae (oh and feel free to submit possible name changes i'm really sick of my name :) lol )
As to what children of today want to read – anything and everything! We have brilliant historical novels for kids by people like Julia Golding, we’ve got gruesome, humorous mysteries in the vein of Derek Landy, straight-out horror by the Darren Shans, adventure-horrors by Anthony Horowitz, and, of course, vampire romance by… well, just about everyone it seems! I must say, I’m really jealous of kids today!
2. Once pork is browned, push the pork to the outer edges of the pan and add sugar to the fat in the middle of the pan and stir until caramelized. Coat pork with this substance.
Northmen have spilled over the Angland border and are spreading fire and death across the frozen country. Crown Prince Ladisla is poised to drive them back and win undying glory. There is only one problem: he commands the worst-armed, worst-trained and worst-led army in the world.
10/20 Los Angeles, CA @ The Cat Club
I am delighted to announce that Wasted has been shortlisted for its third award, the Coventry Award, in the category called Read It Or Else! What a lovely category!
How does it work? It’s very simple. To work out whether your arrangements are up-to-scratch, all you need to do is answer a series of multiple choice questions.
Bora Bora is a major international tourist destination, famous for its aqua-centric luxury resorts. The island is served by Bora Bora Airport on Motu Mete in the north, with Air Tahiti providing daily flights to and from Papeete on Tahiti.
If you could change your name what would it be? Now? I'm not sure. If I'd had that power as an eight-year-old, it'd probably be Larissa. Or Melody. Something kind of fluffy.
Will the whole UORR debate be re-ignited? Difficult to say, the Government took nine months last year before announcing its abandonment of any changes on constitutional grounds which was apparently after receiving advice from the Attorney General so you might think these Bills will not progress for both legal and political reasons. But you never know…
This week the kids have been on Spring Break so a friend and I are taking the kids to roller skate. If you're around my age (ahem) late 30's you'll totally remember Skateland. Were they always called that? I still remember my first official slumber/skating party that I attended, I was in 2nd grade. I still remember that they played Joan Jett's "I Love Rock n Roll" and I thought I was totally hot sh*t skating around with my friends feeling so free.
From there, the lacrosse incident was not discussed. The questions included discussions on issues such as the architectural changes to Central Campus, Fine Arts at Duke, the future of the football program at Duke, and emphasizing Duke as more than a “basketball school.”
3/4 cup white sugar
This is me letting go. Letting go of unforgiveness. Bitterness. False impressions. Time to face reality…the reality of watching a friend caught in the current of happenstance and pride. Knowing that it carries you nowhere I want to be.
The hit that Torres laid on Marian Hossa, ten years ago, would have been deemed a good clean hockey hit. Poor Hossa, shoulda kept his head up. Scott Stevens is often referenced as a player who received much acclamation for delivering this type of hit. Those days are simply past.
In a food processor process the banana and sour cream until smooth. Add the eggs, lemon zest, and vanilla and process briefly just to blend.
The second gift I will talk about was the chalkboard they got me for Christmas this past year. After buying our house, we were in need of cool beery decorations, enter the Tetley's mirror/chalkboard. It works well as a mini show piece, as well as a makeshift brew schedule. I do not have many beer items on the walls, but this one is allowed to keep its place.
to open it myself.
We have needed a GPS for our cars for a long time now and after researching online I finally ordered one. I also ordered portable DVD players for the minivan, they are really cool, they strap right on the headrest the picture quality looks great and you can watch the same DVD on both sets or different DVD's. Of course Bo won't be needing to watch a DVD this soon so I get to benefit from the extra DVD screen right now! The other thing I bought is a KidCo PeePod portable crib for Bo. We really didn't want to take 2 pack n' plays with us on vacation so this solved the problem. We set it up this morning and it seems like it will work out perfectly for Bo to sleep in. It pops up and folds down so fast, so lightweight too!
Over a sheet of parchment, sift together the flour, baking soda and salt. Set aside.
A new line of rings, more stone colors are available!
while I sucked my thumb and mewled
Dollies and bicycles given away
Steve Bug & Donnach Costello - Still Music (MCDE Mix)
GUILD GET-TOGETHERS FOR ACHIEVEMENT
– No, I think Icelanders have a strong tendency to lie in surveys – and to use surveys to lie. An example of the former would be when we were asked if we were religious, and everyone said they believed in god. Everyone knows Icelanders are heathen dogs that believe in elves, ghosts, the supernatural and forces of nature. An example of the former came when aluminium champion said that over 95 percent of women in the eastern fjords would work in a smelter. He ‘forgot’ to mention that the actual question in the survey was, “If an interesting position was offered, would you or would you not consider working at the Alcoa Fjarðaál plant?”
I guess I should be grateful, more than anything, for Chet having a tripod to use, otherwise we'd be treated to some overt shaky-cam work that would suggest either (A) a documentary feel, a la Cannibal Holocaust, or (B) Amateur Night At The Movies.
Familar Taste Of Poison
Gagged by the turn of the Four Knot's mood, Rel missed the chance to snap the obvious retort - so were you, just a moment ago - and set his jaw. He wasn't about to apologise for her worry, however sincere it was. She had been teasing, after all, every bit as intensely as Pevan could when the fancy took her.
Mteto Nyati, the managing director of Microsoft SA, said the process would lead to the selected companies being transformed into entities with the clout to compete locally and internationally.
Tonight for dinner we had chicken enchiladas with diced Anaheim peppers (from the garden) mixed into the chicken as well as fried zucchini (also from the garden). The enchiladas were delish - no complaints there. The zucchini, on the other hand, was like death to the monkeys. Most of the kids plugged their noses and just gagged it down when dessert was dangled in front of their noses like a carrot. BUT monkey #2 decided that he would have none of it. He kicked. He screamed. He cried! Oh the pain! The agony of having to choke down 2 slices of the dreaded green vegetable! He came into the living room 25 minutes after everyone else was done and proclaimed that he could NOT eat them because they were the "most worstest thing in the world!!!" **Please note that an hour earlier practicing the piano was the "worstest thing in the world".
The first thing to not do is make them use the real money right out of the gate. Most games give you a sizable amount for first-time players, mostly to get them over neighbor requirements. Now, as a whole this mechanic is the dumbest thing that is plaguing Facebook games right now, and I stand by my assumption that this is what is killing these games too early. “Neighbor Requirements” is too large to just glaze over here, and really requires it’s own article which it will get. About this game, I’ll leave it at the fact that it doesn’t even let you get out of the tutorial before crippling your play with the requirment.
Back then, my dad would only stop the car for two reasons: to refuel, or if someone was on the verge of a personal accident. I, however, have discovered that the drudgery of a long drive is minimized by well-timed breaks along the way. This gives us a chance to grab some food, absorb the local culture, and restore the circulation to our lower regions.
Here's an excellent Photoshop from France, regarding the recent election of socialist Francois Hollande as President of France (and Captain of the Titanic?).
Hi again,
But there I was, contorting my body in all kinds of ways to follow our daughter while my wife took pictures from below with her iPhone, which is quite a gig. We made it through unscathed. As we were coming down the stairs, my wife asked me a question, and when I turned to answer, our daughter fell down the remaining steps. It was, thank God, the most graceful fall on metal stairs I have ever witnessed, and she was much more scared than hurt.
By applying the structure Justin came up with to dugeon dwellers instead of computers, we can create a simple structure to keep track of who knows what.
You’re only worth your last cigarette, I heard a voice in my ear. Sometimes blog posts come to me like that. You’re only worth the contents of your wallet. You’re only as good as your next project, next blog post, next big thing they expect of you. You’re only as good as your capacity to love and right now honey, you ain’t worth shit.
“You hired workers the rest of us paid to educate.” No, you did not educate them. You babysat them for 12 years. Then I hired them, taught them how to be responsible and show up for work, taught them how to communicate in clear sentences, taught them that there are rights and wrongs and (unlike with your schools) wrongs have consequences in the workplace. Then paid for extended education for my employees so they could continue to improve themselves and better add value to what we do around here.
112 Unending Kiss turned out to be more natural-looking than I’d hoped. I was looking for a nice pink lipstick that could work with my skin tone – but I’m pretty sure I’m too warm-toned for anything resembling pastel pinks. This was a lovely surprise, though – it seems to be a very natural-looking rose colour that gives me just a bit of colour because it doesn’t exactly match my natural lip colour. I can definitely see myself wearing this one more frequently.
The field trip was tying up at 11am, and Captain America and the Old Fort Bliss lady stood around and chatted about possible Civil War reenacting possibilities for about 45 minutes. The kids ran and played for part of the time, and sat in the truck for the last 10 minutes. We got out of there at about 10:45am. We went back home, changed out of our scout stuff, and headed out for lunch. We thought that we'd give El Taco Tote a try with the kids. It wasn't my idea of a good place to go (it's too spicy for me, so what will the kids think???), butCaptain America really wanted it, and I wanted him to be happy.
Deschutes Black Butte XXIII
Now the community is up to no good again, but this time, its encouraged by the game’s producers?
Here is Acosta's letter, titled "Behind the Curtain in Tucson". He concludes with a reference to students in the video.
Yesterday my car battery went flat. I had to pick up my eldest from school in an hour. I had no money because I’ve been out of work for the past month. I was stuck. I called the children’s father in an attempt to see if he would help because the car is predominantly used for them. He came. With a price. He agreed to get a new battery…..If I would give him something in return. I felt stuck between a rock and a hard place. I needed to pick up my daughter as we have custody issues and upcoming court and couldnt afford to be seen as the lesser parent.
Funny things from today...
This had been occuring for several days . . . day in and day out . . . alongside a very busy state road. The hoards of deer are unfazed by traffic, and this day several huge snowplows and even tractor trailers roared by, without so much as a flinch from the animals.
John answered, "If you have extra clothes, youshould share with those who have none. And if you have extra food, you shoulddo the same."
I hope we will all continue to support those few isolated sources which report the truth about what is happening under black rule in Southern Africa, despite the fact that it is no longer politically correct to do so. It is vital that the the truth is told, and I salute those brave men and women who report it.
I can't decide.
First I started with some Kilz primer and my free Glidden paint from one of their paint promotions a couple months ago. The paint color is Bittersweet Chocolate. For the hall bath, I did first lightly sand the vanity and doors. I skipped that step this time because the doors aren't really shiny and I was feeling a bit lazy.
Hi! I bet you didn't think you'd be hearing from me today :o)
That’s why when Senator Joseph Biden, the Democratic vice-presidential nominee, drafted the 1994 Violence Against Women Act, he included provisions to make states ineligible for federal grant money if they charged rape victims for exams and the kits containing the medical supplies needed to conduct them. (Senator John McCain, Ms. Palin’s running mate, voted against Mr. Biden’s initiative, and his name has not been among the long list of co-sponsors each time the act has been renewed.)
A Screening of the documentary “Meeting with a Killer: One Family’s Journey”
racks. Put the chicken inside...
i would be completely lying if i said these last 3 years have been nothing but bliss.
This is a reminder that I have posted a variety of slideshows that you can use with your child at home to review letters, sounds, high-frequency sight words, numbers and making 5 and 10. Go to our Kindergarten website and click on the bottom bar on the left to access the nine different slide shows. You can use your mouse or the Enter key to advance through the slides.
Freedom. I suck in a breath; will I ever return to the world of Jonathan Franzen?
The whole novel could have been so much shorter that it's 720 pages!
When I first started debating worldview with people I was scared about saying the wrong thing too, but something my dad said helped. We (us kids) were taking a CPR class and asking Dad about the one thing worrying us the most: “What if we do it wrong?” My dad looked at us and pretty much said, “They’re dead. If they’re already dead, you can do no harm by trying to save them.” Apply this to debating worldview with someone. If people aren’t saved they are what? Spiritually speaking, they are…dead. In other words, even if you say something wrong, you can do no harm, because they’re already dead. Better to say something, because something is better than nothing, and that something, no matter how imperfect or accidently inaccurate it might be (which yes, I’ve done before), that something just might make them think. So stop letting the worry of “What if I say the wrong thing?” keep you from potentially saving a life. The person’s already dead so get in there and, at least, try to save them before they are not just spiritually dead but physically dead too. Don’t miss an opportunity to make a difference, because I have, and the faces of those people will haunt me forever. As a Christian you have been called. Do NOT forsake that calling. If you are still struggling with what to say, look up Matthew 10:19-20.
Even before I took my first step, maybe even before my first laugh, my parents seasoned me in stories. Stories with whimsy in them, and endless possibilities, and young people who faced grave challenges and found moments of hope. And the minute my parents closed the covers on those books, they took me on walks and bike rides and camping trips where we wove the abandoned shoes and hungry ducks and over-roasted marshmallows into stories of our own. My parents knew the magical questions: "What if..." and "What happens next?"
You can become Exalted with Exodar by buying an Exodar Tabard and wearing it while in any instance, including low level ones. You will get reputation for every mob killed. The mounts are all available just outside the Exodar.
Title:
“Did you get it?” I'd ask “Did you get The Look?”
but most of all ... I feel alive
It all needs to be considered in context, of course. Qwitter can tell you specifically which tweeters have decided to unfollow you which means you can judge whether they should have been receptive to your message or not. I would argue that losing irrelevant followers is actually quite a positive thing as it allows you to narrow your focus and ensure that you are reaching out to the right people, in the right way, rather than wasting valuable time.
Bathrooms: Abundant and clean
What if we, as Christians, would believe the devil’s lie; that it is wrong to discuss religion? What if we believed, as some maintain, that Christianity has failed? What if we, being in the minority, would roll over and play dead?
Painting the highboy a glossy yellow was the best decision I made in the room. It is definitely my favorite piece. I know my grandparents would love that their dresser found its way to her room, and with such a fun impact.
Wikipedia’s definition of onboarding is as follows: “Known as organizational socialization, (onboarding) refers to the mechanism through which employees acquire the necessary knowledge, skills, and behaviors to become effective organizational members and insiders.” This means that onboarding is the seminal first step towards assimilating new hires and helping them feel part of an organization’s culture.
I'm happy Dexter is back on.
We had top 10 speech finalists from each group, to give their speeches one more time in front of everyone. My student was a girl who made a speech about how she loved baton twirling, and used to enter competitions. She talked about how she doesn’t do baton twirling anymore, but that she hopes her skills will help her to join the Cheerleading team at Inagakuen. She didn’t win any of the top three prizes, but she did get high marks regardless.
3. Pass the award to 7 nominees
Gradually I came across one or two more books full of A.R.Quinton's paintings, some like the one above were second hand. Alfred Robert Quinton was born in 1853 in Peckham, London. He studied at Heatherley's Art School and by 1880 was sharing a studio with another artist at New Court, Lincoln's Inn. His watercolours were regularly exhibited at the Royal Academy and two of his paintings were bought by the then Duke and Duchess of York the parents of our present Queen. From the early 1900s Quinton travelled all round England painting local scenes which were published as postcards by the firm of J.Salmon Ltd. He paints the kind of rural scenes that appeal to me immensely and he has left a wonderful pictorial record of the England that existed before the advent of the car.
- patience, because sometimes you just need to stop and smell (the roses, grass, hydrant, tree, other dog, mailbox…);
Here's what's on the menu:
Remember you are empathic, you are clairsentient, you are feeling the anguish of the collective. Each time you vibrate a frequency of fear you entrain or begin to resonate with the fear that is within and also felt by others. Learn not to deny what you are feeling or picking up from others. Realize that when you vibrate a frequency of stress or fear, it connects to similar vibrations of stress or fear in the collective. This is truly the law of attraction everyone is talking about. This ability to feel the collective is becoming a realization for everyone. Emotional vibrations are shared.
But Dickinson said it’s so pervasive, it’d be difficult to prevent.
Christian youth's involvement in the shocking abandonment of God’s authority should be of concern enough, but sadder still is that youth in general are being seduced to embrace Satan’s lies and reap eternal damnation. Christians, rather than protecting youth, are feeding them to Satan who is known as the prowling lion (1 Pet. 5:8). Satan deceived Eve with the promise of “wisdom” (Gen. 3) and suggested God’s forbidding was on grounds of meanness not loving concern. Satan continues his attack on the truth of God’s Word and His essential Character of love (comparing it to erotic sex) targeting younger and younger Christian youth.
Edmondson: (Laughs) A lot of our comedy is about embarrassment. And people avoid embarrassment. Underpants seem the pinnacle of people involving the issue.
Length: 44:28
New York Cheesecake
14. Stop The Game (Feat. Cole Minor)
I swear to god, I completely jinxed us all to hell last week. Last Friday I posted that recipe (which was so good Stéphane made me make it again this week), and that evening the three of us were hanging out on the couch and I had this moment of complete happiness.
humor. Next, talk with them as individuals. As a leader, do not hold yourself
T: ... it's also weird you had to fill out the form before getting to the dorm. such weird security. Was this NYU?
add the white part of the leeks, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon vegeta (spice mix made from salt and dried vegetables), and 1/3 cup water. stir, cover and lower the heat again.
They say writers are leeches who excerpt everyone's grief -- even their own -- for their own devices.
And Babe's a neurotypical child.
Without his attorney present, Obama’s identity, his Social Security number, his citizenship status, and his past are all OFFICIALLY in question.
Submissions to the above email address would usually go to a junior reader, and if that reader is excited, they will pass it on to an editor. It has to be said that this process is much slower than submissions that come via agents who not only will pass it on to the editor directly, but probably know which editor to pass it on to (like everyone else, the taste of editors differ from one to another).
Wende and I at the Boxer 500. A 5k race supporting the awareness of colo-rectal cancer. You were supposed to dress in boxers, but we’re girls, we wore our tutus. Big hit. Worst 5k time however, to date. Finished it with a doctor I know though, so that was fun. I love the lighting in this picture. Thanks lady who we were sure took an awful photo!
Vote here daily until October 8. The $10,000 grand prize in Andrea's hands will literally save lives. I look at Caden and think "There but for the grace of God..."
I also never got the huge insights York had after profiling, because they were pretty damn obvious 90% of the time. Although I have to wonder if that was intentional, too: If the game's meant to be uncanny in that David Lynch way, it makes a weird sort of sense that York is only able to suss out these blatantly obvious things when the player (Zach) figured them out ages ago. This obvious disconnect kept making me think that all this was taking place in York's mind; like, duh, it's ritualistic, did the bloody altar not tip you off? "FK in the coffee" is ridiculous not only because...well, it's ridiculous, but also because the second you meet Kaysen, you've figured out he's somehow behind all this. Again, uncanny.
A native Texan and son of actress Mary Martin, Hagman did some stage work before he was drafted by the U.S. Air Force in the early '50s. He returned to New York in 1956 with his wife Maj, where he spent several years in Off-Broadway and Broadway productions. His film debut was in the 1964 sequel to Mister Roberts, Ensign Pulver.
This list (of real brand experiences) could go on for pages – and you likely have pages to add, and also shaken your head as you asked yourself what were they thinking? - but you get the point. Perhaps we should create an ongoing list of brand experience disconnects…feel free to add comments.
Rock On is as much about the confusion of early seventies Britain as it is with the hardness and desperate Gaumont pop of the pre-Beatles era. Everything that Bowie's Pin-Ups struggled to get across - a nervous farewell-cum-tribute to the early rock era, clothed in the gladrags of '73 - was encapsulated in Rock On's three and a half minutes. "Where do we go from here? Which is the way that's clear?"
10 mint leaves
digesting England by the pound.
Shareology is taken with the ups and downs of life and the ups and downs of shopping centers. Take the photo below for example. Shareology once worked for five years for the company that created, owned and managed the shopping center below. At the time it was a stimulating beginning exposure to a retailing innovator. Now, below, owned by others, managed by others, not so much. And sadly, this entity was on top of the mountain when it began a whole new category of shopping with its debut.
The full code as of now is below and its not really commented that well as I only did what I needed to have right when I was coding it. I should have more even though most of it is really simple if only for the fact I know I will forget something import later when I come back to it. If you have any questions just ask in the comments. Also if you see any errors on my part don't keep it to yourself and snigger at my incompetence, point it out in the comments so others can avoid my mistakes.
trying to get the peanut butter off the bottom of his bowl.
The different “components” of Victorian society were similarly obvious and unambiguous. The classes were clearly divided, widely separated by income, mannerisms, leisure pursuits, dress code, and language. You could never mistake a person of one class for a person of another. Individuals knew their “place,” knew to which class they “belonged,” and knew how they fitted into, and contributed to, the vast and complex mosaic of Victorian culture.
On the morning of Friday, February 17, 2012, I wired my son and sent him to school. That night, when I listened to the audio my life forever changed, for I heard my son being bullied by his teacher and aide.”
“I don't need you.” I've said it so many times that I didn't believe it any more than he did. Every word was like miasma upon my soul. When once I was so certain of who I was, now everything was unclear.
Release Date: September 1, 2011
According to the article, “In this year’s Hot 50 list, you’ll find a heavy mix of trusted brands with a scattering of new players. These products raise the bar a little higher for green products and work together in harmony.”
OFF!- Live at Generation Records Single
Meet Mr. Piechart. He’s going to be the first tool we use in analyzing threat trends in and around our AO. This isn’t a set in stone format but just something to give you an idea of what the tool looks like and how it works.
Mufokose means almost silent, meaning to die everywhere.
Brooklyn deserves all of the things promised with Atlantic Yards, said de la Uz of the Fifth Avenue Committee, which builds and manages affordable housing,
Someone sneaky has let the cat out of the bag, so I might as well admit: yes, I was a 19-year employee of The Water Company.
Well, it’s official! I’m back in the western hemisphere and to be perfectly honest, I’m thrilled. Paris feels wondeful. I’m rejuventated for sure!
One Candle for my angel alone and then one for the many angels of my dear friends that have lost their own angels to soon.
And Then There Was Amazon. Sometimes I just can't help myself, I have to bring about a personal little 'early Christmas' by means of a large box of glossy new bookish goodies. First on my list was a taster of the great David Levithan and his stellar co-writing success. I've heard so much about these books and I thought it was high time to find out what all the fuss is about! Behold: the beautiful shiny Will Grayson, Will Grayson (co-written with John Green) and the festive Dash and Lily's Book of Dares (with Rachel Cohn)!
A special NABC release:
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this twenty-third day of April, in the year of our Lord two thousand twelve, and of the Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and thirty-sixth.
Carry her away
Talk less, analyse less. Save the talking for after the outburst. "When (this happened) I noticed (this). Perhaps next time....?"
The press conference will take place at Comerica Park in Detroit, beginning at 10:30 a.m. ET. It will be carried live on NHL Network and NHL.com. The event will continue at Michigan Stadium in Ann Arbor, Mich.
Green aspects: Designed to meet standards of the U.S. Green Building Council’s Leadership in Environmental and Energy Design program. Will include a metal roof with solar collectors: energy efficient lighting: geo-thermal heating and cooling: and storm water management features.
2-Write at least 100 posts this year. No cheating with one line ones either.
Hmm. I feel surprisingly wonderful. My body is awake, my mind is calm. I've set some mental expectations for the day. Mental being "focused" and "open-minded" and not in the "WTF NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO THAT SUCKS, I SUCK, WHAT AM I GOING TO DO??" sense. Which I think is good.
“That’s good, says St. Peter, ” that’s worth two points”
So if you can make on the 24th we look forward to sharing a beer with you, if not I hope you get to make it to The Free Trade to try the beers over the weekend.
Nice to hear from you and your attempts at clarification. But I’m confused and so are we all, who have felt betrayed by your association with Clitoraid.
1 Whiskey Man 3:40
So where does Rayna Payne fit into this perfect union Isis has created in her mind? In Isis' opinion, she doesn't but Nigel is quite smitten with this Southern Belle. In fact, he thinks Rayna just might be the one for him.
Prior to acting, she worked as a Weather Girl at a San Diego, Ca TV station.
Reheat the sauce, add 2 tablespoons fresh oregano and enough heavy cream to make the sauce a creamy consistency. Add salt and pepper, to taste, and simmer for 10 minutes. Toss the pasta into the sauce and cook for 2 minutes more. Stir in ½ cup Parmesan. Serve with an additional sprinkle of Parmesan and a sprinkle of fresh oregano on each plate.
Taking the musical sounds of the West over to the Far East ensured that much of the music of those cultures surely entered into the guitarist’s way of thinking. He undoubtedly refined his technique and returned to Canada a much different player than when he left.
Just last night my auntie phoned to say one of her colleagues had died suddenly. I had known the family a little, my sister was friendly with the daughter so we have met them quite a bit. There was just the one child, so she has been left with just a dad.
Compact Disc
so they kick in doors and bust us,
Because I kept wanting to cook and eat spaghetti with meat sauce, I went to Earth Fare, which is very close to my workplace, on a quest for pink slime free ground beef. On my way there I thought that if I really wanted to compare the organic ground beef to what we had been eating, I should simply make a hamburger. I did both.
In 1764 George Younger purchased the adjoining property from Robert Stein, who is described as brewer and maltster. Whether this property was actually Robert Stein's brewery is not known, but it was on these two above-mentioned properties that the Meadow Brewery was incorporated.
1 predetermined
An academic exercise by a pair of Australian economics professors at the Wharton School of Business in America, we had some difficulty understanding what the hell the survey proved.
In many cultures, breasts aren’t sexual at all. For example, women in Mali go around with bare breasts. They’re always feeding their babies.
Be grateful for life as you live it,
Although the Confederates seemed to be emerging as victors of the battle, a minor mishap and Grant’s stubborn refusal to crumble under in defeat, led to an eventual victory for the Union. Around 2:30 p.m., General Johnston was leading a charge against a Union camp near a peach orchard, when he took a bullet behind his right knee. Johnston did not believe the wound was serious at the time and instead, sent his personal physician to tend some captured wounded Union soldiers. Although he did not feel anything, the bullet (possibly fired by friendly fire) had in fact clipped a part of his popliteal artery. Within minutes, his boot filled up with blood and Johnston’s staff saw that he was on the verge of fainting. It did not take long before he finally died and command of the Confederate forces fell upon General Beauregard.
We look forward to your proposal however, if this is not acceptable, one alternative you might consider is taking the course at a different time, from instructors from whom you feel you could learn. Please let us know your plan as soon as possible.
-The Fine Grain Disincentive Problem, assess an urban area for its character and ensure that there are zoning district rules (or overlay zoning rules) that encoyrage small lot renovation and development and replicate this form where necessary.
The aim of this post is to look at depression that is directly related to the Aperger's condition only. It's obviously going to take more than one post to get through this.
1/2 c fresh cilantro leaves, chopped
I have almost completed my writing class. I'm sure I'll get a decent grade. Though perhaps not an A. After all, it is essay writing, and that is not really my strength. I have completed two projects for my Lighting for Photography course. The first project I count as a disaster. I didn't do very well, but it was my first time working with studio lights. Basically, I had to photograph a round object and try to get a certain light ratio. I'm not showing you all that one. I will show you all my second project. I like it a lot better and I hope my grade reflects the hard work I put into it.
Many a times I call her for some ailment which bothers me like my Cervical Spondylosis or sluggish GI anything that I am not able to tackle on my own or with medicine and she immediately sends Healing and removes the energy blocks giving me instant relief.
Apologies for this video….. I just couldn’t get it out my head!
I don’t know why, but self-harming has been on my mind today. I started looking up pictures on Google typing in ‘self-harming’ and saw loads of pictures of cut up arms and stuff. I feel like I have an urge to do it. Today is a national holiday and everyone goes with their families to do BBQs and stuff. It’s 3pm and I’ve been in my bedroom all day (well, since I got up at 11.30am!). So, I answer my own question as to why I am having these feelings. Then I look over at the box of pills I have, enough until Sunday that was given to me by my care worker. That’s 8mg of Clonazepam I have there. Hardly an overdose but that could knock me out quite well and let me escape for a few hours.
and not the sorrow of passing away.
A huge thank you to Xiaolu for taking the time to participate in a Savidge Reads Grills you can see more of them with other authors and my Gran here. You can also find out even more about Xiaolu Guo by visiting her website www.guoxiaolu.com
Sometimes circumstances seem almost to conspire against me! Much as I mean to blog a report of last week's UNISON National Executive Council (NEC) meeting, events ("dear boy, events") keep getting in the way.
I LOVE YOU, JERI SMITH-READY!
Our eyes prefer to suppose
Step One: Print out the cross pattern; I gently color the pieces to remind myself which fabrics are to be used. Cut section A from section B (as seen below). You will then paper piece quilt this portion of the pillow. I have a tutorial here if foundation quilting is new territory for you. If you have any questions at all, please email me at allthingsbelle@hotmail.com
But the researchers found that the students’ jam expertise could be easily undermined by making them fill out questionnaires explaining their preferences. Some of the worst-tasting jams (at least according to Consumer Reports) were now ranked the highest.
Ramiel looked back down at the manuscript. “Never in a hundred thousand lifetimes,” he said sullenly. Zero was as he was made to be and there was little more anyone, even God, could do to change that. Ramiel walked over and sat in the chair Michael had just vacated. He placed the ancient book on the desktop and studied his friend. Ramiel knew It had to be hard on him, fighting ones true nature was never easy. But when your entire existence depended on you being and doing what it was you were placed here to do, fighting your nature was surely pure torment.
“I refused to enter the temple where granny had taken me and that brought hell right on earth at the doorstep of the temple. He laughed. “I was lectured on how I would burn in hell for offending Him. Ah, well , who cares.All that fasting had made her irritable and in my opinion she needed food than God at that time. The best thing to do was listen and text to bro for a fake call which came promptly to my rescue.” lol It was my turn to laugh.
“I can’t wait to see what he got for me.”
6 current
These are pre-weeded vinyl, ready to lay down on your surface, then you just paint them in. I recommend using a few very light coats of paint to reduce the risk of bleeding. They can only be used one time, they are not stencils made of acetate or mylar, but of vinyl.
The weather is changing so quick these days. Sun, rain, sun, rain etc. I can't following it anymore.
I even turned the mixer on higher just see what a mess we could make.
Confession #2: I’ve known about this for 4 days now and I’ve said nothing. Some may ask why and really there are a few reasons. One of them being…I’m scared to death. I mean what is your biggest fear once you finally get what you’ve desperately wanted? That it will go away. I’m afraid this is going to go away. I have had slight cramping and spotting since the positive. But based on everything I can find online (Google is EVIL and should be taken away from me) this seems very normal because neither the cramping or spotting is bad. The cramping will feel slightly like AF cramps, lasts for 10 seconds then goes away. The spotting is light/watery red and is only present when I wipe. I haven’t even needed a panty liner. But it still worries me, so I’ve said nothing. Until today when I got the results from my first beta draw.
‘Ark’ is a short animated film produced and directed by Marcin Kobylecki and Grzegorz Jonkajtys, released in 2007.
Lullabies.
My first step is to chart exactly how much time I spend doing things other than direct patient care. Given that I round three times a day with residents, midlevels, and attendings, then implement whatever they want implemented, I think that charting'll show I'm really busy. Add in all the other stuff, and. . .well, it'll make a good argument for me getting some relief.
One day, I hope to add this bag to my ever growing collection but for now all I can do is drool about it online. Hey, a girl is allowed to drool in the privacy of her own bedroom right?
VersaMark ink then went over with my iridescent chalks from Pebbles Inc. I added a couple of pearls
Down to Salford Quays on Sunday evening to see the living (just) God that is John Martyn. Now I knew he was in bad health, losing a leg and all that and I knew he'd put on some weight. I knew, but I still remembered him as the railing thin acoustic 'fuck-you' folkie with the electric sensibility from the early seventies.
take them outside and spray paint them white. I used valspar white in satin if you have read this blog for anytime I love spray paint, my favorite brand is valspar from lowes but i am not loving the new nozzle. Anyways spray them all down and let them dry for a few hours (or like1 if you are me and the paint smears just a little)
2) ED Michigan - 18.5%
Lee will be returning to the small screen as the male lead of MBC’s King2hearts with Ha Ji Won as his co-star. The drama will be airing as a follow-up to The Sun and The Moon in March.
The hurt just go on
Not sure if this is indicative of how the other mothers perceive me... but as I left, I called out, "Goodnight ladies!" and they said nothing. They were engrossed in a video of all the kids baby pictures... So that may have been it... Maybe not. I've been kind of a slacker when it's come to this event. It's been a crazy spring so far.
information, including those on
SOMETIMES A FRIEND JUST FITS.
Because everything is relative, I can say with no absolutes who is and is not Freyja or in which instances other goddesses are or are not Freyja. I can only hear the calling of my Lady dancing the cosmos.
A woman who has worked
If you've been paying attention to various sewing sites and blogs, then you know that a majority of the people are in foul moods and pretty ticked off by pretty much everything in life. It really doesn't take much to annoy these people. In fact, I've found that all it really takes is forum moderation activities (moving threads, deleting/editing posts, telling people to chill and play nice, etc). If you really want to tick them off then create a site and become so successful you make a living at it. They really hate it when people earn a decent living. However, that doesn't really take much creativity. The idea I'm about to share with you happened to me today and I find it much more creative than simply ranting on your blog or forums to annoy fellow sewers. So enjoy.
“It’s that stupid shampoo you are buying. It makes my hair oily. Please buy something else.”
From the Hootoo archive. Originally published July 3rd 2008:
I will be showing you how to make an altered art journal from a vintage or discarded book. The fun thing about this technique is how the type/print can show through the art.
I didn’t sell many books at last weekend’s Sacramento fair and neither did some other booksellers, but others reported doing well. Sacramento was kind of a mixed bag this time around.
The author has used straight forward simply language to tell a complex story. Her tone is matter of fact but extremely tender, loving and understanding throughout the entire work. There is nothing scary or heart wrenchingly sad about the story; it just explains in a very understandable way what a child might well face. Information will quite often take away a lot of fear and the author certainly supplies quite a lot of good and valid facts in a relatively short book. Truthfully, I was amazed at just how much information she was able to pack into so few pages.
Words are the most potent device human beings possess. With words, we can abate tears, calm a stormy heart or inflict interminable pain. I’ve always held the highest respect for words, and the only way I know how to become more adept at my verbal facility, is to practice using words. I’m not much of a talker, so writing followed.
5/31 – Vancouver, BC @ Fortune Sound Club
James Franco is good at standing there looking kool!
We met this really cool family. One daughter is inactive (according to
“How you doing honey?” She said. The smell of alcohol was strong on her breath. Alcohol, perfect. I know from experience that alcohol disables your ability to stop talking, which is exactly what I need from her right now.
BODY
Over on the women's 4x6km biathlon relay, big news as German biathlon powerhouse, Magdalena Neuner, who's won silver and gold all ready, took herself out of the team event, citing mental fatigue and wanting to give other members of the German team a chance to medal. Actually, she's not really a good shooter, so she might've cost them a medal by having to do extra penalty shots. She is a fast skier though. Yet, even without Neuner, their fastest skier, the Germans manage to finish with a bronze. France takes the silver. But nobody does it better than the Russian women, like sexy spies from a James Bond movie, who shot their targets better and skied faster than the competition, winning the gold!
This is not so much a fantasy movie as a full-on fairy tale. Charlie Cox plays Tristan, a young man of unusual parentage living in Victorian England. His village adjoins a gateway to another world, but everyone seems to take that in their stride. But when a girl with whom Tristan is infatuated (Sienna Miller) reveals she is planning to marry another, Tristan vows to enter the other world and retrieve a fallen star (which has taken on the form of Claire Danes), in the hope that this will make her choose him instead.
Starting today for reasons I can not determine I could open blogger but I could not view my blog. I had all dashboard functions available except view blog. View blog would give me a blank screen.
I am not even going to attempt to state in my own words what Mike Smith has so eloquently written in the last few days. I will just note the links here and you can read how two women were raped by uniformed police officers and the criminals at work INSIDE the South African Police Service.
Rauch later went on to discuss the U.S. fishing industry, noting that it was a $45 billion dollar business in 2010. Aquaculture is much smaller, generating only $1 billion annually. Fishing industry jobs increased by 16% from 2009 to 2010, though Rausch did not explain any specifics about the type of jobs that increased. He also felt that there is significant room for growth, and that if fish stocks were fully recovered, we could generate an additional $31 billion in revenue. Rauch then noted that fishermen have had to make numerous sacrifices due to quotas and other strict regulations.
“Life is inherently risky.
Today represents a time in life to acknowledge raising your consciousness to a more spiritual mind.
Grandma (my mom) came over on Saturday and helped me clean the house (and by 'helped me' I mean she insisted on doing pretty much everything herself to save me from 'inhaling too much dust' and things like that!). That afternoon I had some 'bloody show' (I don't know what's grosser--that word combo or 'mucus plug!'), and I was sure that meant real labor had to be just around the corner.
That's all you have to do! Be sure to visit the rest of the Design Team blogs to see their wonderful samples! Be sure to link your project up at the Christmas Stampin' All Year Long blog so we can check it out. Be sure to use keyword CSAYL if you post to an online gallery.
Where did you find your inspiration for TRAFFICKED?
I then gave everything a coat of primer. I used Kilz oil-based primer because it seals in the previous finish so you don't end up with the old stain bleeding through your new color. I think it's especially important to use a good primer/sealer when painting something a very light color. I used a four-inch foam roller (like this) because it allowed me to work quickly for this first coat. This is what the buffet looked like after one coat of primer.
More analysis of Renaults Front Exit Exhaust
Today is officially the last day so I’m working on some new blogging ideas cos basically, I’m starting to love this time we have together and want it to continue. You are all like my cute little secret angels, silently supporting me on my path to becoming a living aspect of moving, grooving love. :) I have actually not told one soul in my everyday life that I am writing this blog. This is unheard of for me since I’m quite the sharer with my close friends. But I’m kind of enjoying this little love affair of connection that I have formed with all of you, you little cuties around the globe. It is a reminder to me that love and connection are indeed everywhere.
"Retired and Extremely Dangerous". I have posted a link so I won't go into all the characters that are involved, I will keep this short.
memories entrenched in her
Have we ever executed an innocent person in this country? At this point, I have to say without a doubt, yes we have. And that, to me, is not acceptable. I believe in the death penalty but I believe it takes certainty to invoke it. Our system, as it stands today, does not and cannot provide it consistently enough to assure we’re not executing the innocent. Until we fix that, there should be no further executions in this country.
The reward is this: if you complete the challenge properly, we guarantee that you will have implemented 13 high value changes to your management or professional practice.
Christopher Kane, he does have a knack for making you crave the things you didn't realise you wanted. After the glories of his school-pencilcase-reminiscent gel clutch bags from last season I'm now giving his pinstripe the eye.
Harold (Cho) and Kumar (Penn) are mistaken for terrorists when Kumar decides to use his smokeless bong on a Trans-Atlantic flight. They are confined to Guantanamo Bay by an overzealous (and dumb-as-a-bag-of-rocks) Homeland Security official (Corddroy). Will our heroes manage to escape the toughest prison on Earth in time to stop Kumar's ex-girlfriend (Harris) from marrying a complete douchebag? Will they manage to prove they're just regular Americans instead of terrorists? Will they survive another encounter with former child star Neil Patrick Harris (played by Neil Patrick Harris)?
Let me return to the Roth quote. Why does he feel that readers are declining by the decade? I think to be fair to Roth, he is perhaps referring to what he sees in his eyes as the ‘true’ reader. He may even be tending toward what would be considered the ‘literary reader’. And if he is solely referring to the ‘literary reader’, then, he is probably correct. Yes, our poor literary reader is like most general readers—punch drunk from an industry publishing more titles that at any time ever before, and trying to market and reach out to its consumer in a media market saturated to the brim with messages and products we can’t live without.
Gunther’s voice quavered, “Yes, I plead not guilty to all the charges against me. My . . . My lawyer is not going to put me on the stand.”
Speaking of which….it’s 1:30pm and I’m teaching at 3…time to get ready!
41. Talib Kweli - Gutter Rainbows
mottled to the marrow.
* 1/4 teaspoon baking soda (once again, I doubt the cavepeeps had this in their pantries)
* 111 cases of hepatitis B in the district over two weeks with 32 dead
The motif on the left is from Patty Duff's Minitats. The other tat is just to get the thread off my shuttle. The amount needed was not as much as she had stated in the book but I noted it for future reference.
Yeah, I started it already (again, I mean)… But I didn’t really let myself keep reading until I finished the post. It’s funny how I’m procrastinating on doing things that I’ve assigned for myself, that I’m not forced to finish but literally are just for me. It’s a damn disease, procrastination, I swear.
Of course if you have a skirt pattern you use and love you can certainly use that pattern as your base
Even the house..John (dad john) had asked me to take some photos of the house while I was there and happily I obliged! They had never had anyone photograph it and there is SO much to be taken in there. Seriously couldn't get over the beauty of it.
Mixed vegetables
Such a transformation is ludicrous. America runs on oil, on coal, on natural gas, on hydroelectric and nuclear power. The investments in wind and, in particular, solar power, have wasted millions of taxpayer dollars. Combined, wind and solar provide less than two percent of the nation’s electrical power while coal provides nearly half. It has been the use of coal that the Obama administration’s Environmental Protection Agency has been determined to reduce or end, falsely claiming CO2 is a "pollutant."
I’m not saying go all Henry James on your audience. Heavens, no! Few can stomach such long-winded descriptions of setting. Certainly not your average teen reader.
Such a penchant for extravagance has added up to some pretty daunting numbers. The UK’s Daily Mail, citing White House sources who referred to the First Lady as “a vacation junkie,” claimed Michelle Obama had “has spent $10 million of U.S. taxpayers’ money on vacations alone in the past year”–as of August 2011. The unnamed source further notes that Mrs. Obama also enjoys “drinking expensive booze during her trips. She favors martinis with top-shelf vodka and has a taste for rich sparking wines.”
We had to wait out the rain for awhile but afterwards it was on to Flying School - a hanging roller coaster made just for Brody's size. He wasn't too crazy about riding it at first, but after he rode it, he came out and wanted me to ride it with him - I guess he enjoyed it.
Of the thrifty there are fewer. What sets them apart is that they have been thrifty since they were young adults. They have known since then that wealth comes less from earning than from spending wisely. No matter how wealthy they become they continue to spend wisely and shop for deals.
Boil the pasta.
Wayfarers All by Dead Meadow
The end of summer has come and the beginning of a nasty cold has taken over my body. The normal cure would be matzo ball soup from Once Upon A Bagel in Highland Park, but that type of cold-busting homemade chicken soup is hard to come by in Buenos Aires. In no state to commit to making the real medicine, I cheated and opted for a quick version..
Add the cooked beetroot pieces to to the pan, stir and remove from the heat. The goal here is not to overcook the beetroot in order to retain its vibrancy. Allow mixture to cool. Once cooled, discard thyme sprig and bay leaf. Transfer mixture to a food processor and blend until smooth. The soup should be thick but not too thick. Gradually add the leftover cup of hot stock if needs be. Reheat soup over a medium-low heat and slowly stir in the cream. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve with creme fraiche or sour cream.
FigureSkater and I met the summer before our senior years of high school (2005). My family was on vacation in Colorado, and she was there with a group who was competing in the State Games figure skating competition. We ended up a restaurant together, and after my family had finished our meal, I approached the table of the 5 girls (their parents were sitting at a separate table), and started chatting them up.
I’m sure not everything is tedious to Houtarou. It’s more like he doesn’t like doing things he doesn’t have to. Had Mazui actually used a line that accurately reflected that, maybe the first two lines would’ve better led into his motto. This is why having any English speaker whatsoever on the team is really helpful. If he cared about the group’s release quality, maybe he would bring up why certain lines sound off to him.
