When I was in kindergarten, I decided that hosting a Christmas party would be a cool idea. I liked Christmas, and I liked parties.
As writer and director, Andrew L Stone must take responsibility for both the good and bad parts of the movie. I’ve already mentioned the early strain placed on logic by the script, and there are other instances throughout. There’s also an issue with the tone and focus of the picture: Stone can’t seem to make up his mind whether he wants it to be a documentary style police procedural or something more personal, and the emphasis is continually shifting. Additionally, there are two separate voiceovers used at various points (both Molner and Joan) depending on which character is dominating the scene. All of this has a slightly disorienting effect as it’s difficult to get a fix on any one person for a significant period of time. Leaving aside the duelling voiceovers, the scenes involving James Mason and Inger Stevens are easily the most successful. While I acknowledge that this may be no more than a stylistic prejudice on my part, I found the sections with Kenneth Tobey’s dogged Feds a bit tedious – rather like a 50s version of CSI. Instead of adding to the tension of the story, these parts actively drain it away. It’s only when we cut back to the hostages and their tribulations that the movie finds it feet again. The best sequence involves Inger Stevens in a race against time, having just taken receipt of the ransom money. This is a wonderfully realized piece of filmmaking, where the increasingly distraught woman finds herself mired in New York traffic as the seconds tick away and her husband and child’s lives hang in the balance. Although I was yearning for a release from the suspense another part of me was so taken with the skillful execution of the scene that I wanted it to go on a little longer. While it’s not in quite the same class, Mason also gets to play out a tense escape attempt in a perilous elevator shaft.
There are more in the physical interaction that words may not be enough to satisfy.
David Westwood
Last night I just realised what I detest about cold weather ni…
Here is where the Canary Islands are. I show you this to make a point. Luis’s reporting boss is in Madrid and his team is in the US. Each one of his US team live in a separate city. One lives in Toronto. Luis doesn’t even work in the capital of the Canaries but in a small village. He is part of a group of 200,000 IBMers who work remotely. He is one of 5,000 who use Macs! The IT group at IBM, far from being the Gestapo have a mandate to serve the workplace of the future. Mobility is the key issue. Everything is done to ensure that the individual is connected to the team at any time. The individual chooses their kit. All laptops are supported. All apps are supported. Skype plays a huge role in the organization. All access is supported. Again the key here is to give the IBM worker the ability to control their own work space and to be connected to the larger whole.
We have a protagonist, Nishimi Kaoru, who’s the new kid at school, which in itself is already hard enough, but to add onto his troubles, he feels the need to run away to the rooftop whenever he’s nervous. Though this does sound a bit similar to another anime of this season, Tsuritama, which also has a new-kid protagonist who reacts strongly when nervous, let me make it clear that the similarities between these two animes stop right here. While Tsuritama’s palette is bright and colorful, Sakamichi no Apollon sticks with soft, muted colors that suit it quite well as the protagonist himself is a little negative and gloomy.
It's going to be TIGHT until April, but I budgeted in paying for Jake's oral surgery by the 15th, so hopefully nothing exciting will happen in March. For all of February, we have the play.
I thought I'd celebrate by giving away one of my most popular designs. The winner will receive a custom pair of fingerless gloves in their color choice!
Another Teddy drawing (June 2011). A Queen stands with a baby princess in her arms while fireworks light up the background.
It's like being the guest on Oprah- you feel so special just to be asked to be on the show!
The decade of the sixties saw the re-birth of Marxist-Communist groups such as the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS), The Weathermen (or Revolutionary Youth Movement), the Progressive Labor Party, the Black Panther Party (BPP), the Communist Party USA (CP-USA), and the Nation of Islam (NOI).
Don’t forget to add a splash of HP (brown sauce) to the toppings. I forgot to mention it. Thanks Pauline.
story ever told. The question is really, what do you want to be successful at?
I really need to get back into an exercise routine. I'm getting really disappointed (and almost disgusted) at the way I look right now. I keep thinking to last summer when I had such a nice body. And even then, I felt like I could improve tons. But now... it's just gotten out of hand. And so I really need to find a good workout program that I will enjoy doing and that will work. Last summer, I had P90X. And that was AWESOME. It really works. But no matter how hard I try to start that again (and I've tried multiple times now), I just can't. It's OLD to me. Same thing over and over. I just can't seem to stick with it like I did when I first went on it.
There are really no words to eloquently put how it feels to finish school. After so many hours of reading theory, writing, marking, testing and re-doing it all again for exams, finishing it all is by far the sweetest strawberry in the punnet. And I’m savouring every bite. (Ha, cheeeee-eesy, but oh so true.)
Maybe there's
Wallace, Woodfox and a third black man, Robert King, came together to form a chapter of the Black Panther movement inside the prison, hoping to organise African American inmates against the brutal treatment they endured. Then on April 17, 1972, a prison guard called Brent Miller was murdered during an arrest on one of the wings.
The theme of 'starting from scratch' had been my original inspiration: I wanted to express how I've had to reassess much of what I'm accustomed to doing, especially with regard to food, since moving to the Philippines. In many ways, I feel as if I'm starting all over: where I shop for groceries, what I choose to buy, how I cook our meals. These and so many other considerations have been undergoing fundamental change as I adapt to my new environment. For the most part, I've enjoyed the process of transformation brought about by new discoveries, but just as often, I find myself longing for things as they were "back at home".
I can’t tell you how many pictures I have taken that have been overexposed, underexposed, blurry, and just plain bad. But what I can tell you is that sometimes, just having a couple out of 100 that turn out makes my day. And that is what leads me here. Recently my friend had a request. She was desperately trying to save some money on her son’s senior pictures and graduation announcements. She politely asked me if I would be willing to take on the pictures for a small fee. Of course, I was honored, but at first balked at the idea because I was certain that was beyond my ability. However, with a little coaxing from her and the family, I decided to give it a shot.
Yea - most of these I think you had to be there for, but nonetheless.... There's some quotes for the time being to keep y'all going... I think summer breeds more awkward moments and words out of my mouth. OR, maybe I'm just getting smarter with my word choice, as are others! Ok... nope.
lists, the trio decided on having a large draft list (for Belgium) of
I can say with utmost honesty I’ve made
I want to give you some examples today of what its costs us here as opposed to purchasing it over there.
So to today’s game at Carrow Road and what I guess, in terms of the league, is a dead rubber, although the owners of the respective sides will want to see progress up the table for financial reasons, places mean prizes! For us I guess there is the incentive of trying to overhaul Everton however since they overtook us we’ve, like the Panda’s in Edinburgh Zoo, shown no interest getting down to business! Is this likely to change with the FA Cup final a week away?
I love stamping and loved finding images, but sometimes I could not find what I wanted so I started to draw myself.
As you can tell, this pizza screen has seen better days. It gets used - a lot. My sister used to work at a pizza joint. She brought a dough over on this screen and somehow, it never made its way back to the restaurant. That was 6 years ago and I bet it's been in my oven once a week since then. We enjoy homemade pizza and this is just the trick for a nice crisp crust. It's also handy for garlic bread, toasting bread for crumbs or croutons, baking fries or tater tots and with a little aluminum foil, you can bake or broil just about anything on this baby.﻿
The gang then came out of the takeaway and chased the pair, who tried to run away.
So, to answer the question, the IX Hispana was a Roman legion stationed in the province of Hispana Terraconensis and sent to the island of Britain for support of the troops there.
Now Tide has done it again! They just introduced their newest laundry product called Tide Pods.
He declared a state of emergency in Los Angeles and Orange counties, following similar declaration for Santa Barbara County. Schwarzenegger said: “I feel awful for the people whose homes were destroyed.”
She doesn’t look old enough to leave school; his cheeks are smooth. But they have this baby between them, which he’s struggling to feed, tilting the bottle the wrong way. ‘No, not like that,’ she says and he looks stressed, letting the baby’s head loll from his wrist, swallowing air. A sharp cry. The girl reaches across the table, more expert, holding the infant like a doll, its small face contorted with rage.
Harvey Prince’s collections include:
From where does my help come?
Their imagination takes them all kinds of places – OK, sometimes rather gorey places for my taste – but also to funny and exotic worlds of their own imaginings, as they invent their own “naughty characters” and record their exploits.
"The high priests brought many charges against him Pilatus again questioned him, saying, "Have you no answers? Look how much you are accused of." But Jesus still said nothing.
The Lord reached down again and came up with a leather thimble.
What remains to be seen is whether the infrastructure to provide schools with food from local farms can be supported. Local food does not mean cheaper food and it takes a committed administration and community to support the notion of farm to school. Some schools, for example, need to retrofit their kitchen to make space to store fresh food. Others replaced fryers with steamers. Additionally, kitchen staff may need to be added or retrained as more time is spent in meal preparation and providing a different school lunch experience.
Mud wrestling with kippers!
my "MATCH" account was "Summergirl8481" when Joe contacted me :P
Emeralds very similar in color
From left, Jelly Eye Color N in Vintage Decor, Midnight Shine and Jelly Eye Color in Smoked Glass. I love Midnight Shine in particular as it is such a lovely shade of midnight blue, which the multi-color shimmer, kinda like a starry sky!
JACQUES MARITAIN, "The Democratic Charter," Man and the State
I owned a copy of the album as well, having bought the CD edition. While not necessarily my usual taste, it fit squarely with the post-Motown revival musical landscape of the mid-’80s, at least the part in which Lionel Richie had become a superstar.
One night after dinner when we sitting on the patio with a glass of vino we had another visitor. This looks like a large locust. It appeared that either a wing or leg was hurt and he kept bouncing along the walls. Come morning he had disappeared but boy he was big.
Nia-Malika Henderson
And now you're bored, right?
We follow our dreams! I am a girlfriend, a mother, a student, a waitress, an actress, an educator, a friend to the environment, and so much more. I haven't let anything hold me back from pursuing my dreams; instead I strive to encompass all the things that I love most in my life. I love working with kids and performing which is why I'm pursuing a degree in teaching. One of my goals is to graduate and continue working with children and help mold the minds of tomorrow's youth. Art and theater are a passion of mine so I hope to instill my love of those with the children I teach. I am so thankful to have found my calling at such a young age and each day I strive to be able to make a living doing what I love.
Bears came back with a vengeance as bulls threw up their hands in exacerbation as rumored Chinese GDP numbers came in less than expected. Friday’s selloff almost completely reversed Thursday’s gains. Last week had more personalities than Sybil as the return of European debt worries rode the charts to #1 with a bullet. Everyone is looking at the 6% level on Spanish debt as the Maginot Line but the reality is we may have already broken through that level, at least psychologically.
Well, being now in a city without coffee shops, I've outgrown that
My friend and I worked on our book again tonight, discovering we only have two more large gaps to fill in before we can polish the draft.
"We Gotta Get Out Of This Place" by Eric Burdon and the Animals
I love MME papers and when I saw the April sketch, I had to create a layout. These are pictures of my friend and daughter. Love their expressions in these pictures.
Folks that is very next to a physical threat of violence. We have said several times that with these new laws undermining ethics procedures that they have sneaked into the Stimulus Bill and other actions, that recent Democrat actions are the things that banana republics are made of.
RSVP: No later than March 2nd
In MEMORIAM – 65 YEARS LATER
I absolutely love that this is a moisturizer and sunblock in one! I do have some moisturizers that have SPF, but the SPF seems to be just an afterthought, and you can't use them for swimming since it will slide right off. Neutrogena UV Moisture is a very light and non-greasy sunblock, although what sets it off apart from other non-greasy sunblocks is the fact that it also moisturizes my skin. My main gripe on non-greasy sunblocks is that after a day on the beach or outdoors, I feel the need to slather on lotion or moisturizer because my skin feels really dry and tight. But with this, there is no feeling of that at all - my skin stays soft at the end of the day. This is also great for use under makeup since it doesn't slide off in the heat at all.
As far as how much of each – I used two big chicken breasts, half a container of cream cheese and just dumped salsa on top of it all! It was more than enough for two of us, with leftovers.
50 Back Curl Lunges
The traditional NYC Publishing houses do reporting in 6-month increments. For ease of explaining, imagine a royalty period that begins January 1, 2009 and ends on June 30, 2009.
One day our Savior Jesus the Christ will return to earth. And in that day we’ll hear real “rock music”.
In turn what happened?
Join EDL protests to show these Islamists and revolutionary Trotskyists that they are not welcome anywhere in the UK..
1. When I was a teenager, I sliced a tennis ball in half, placed a hamster inside, glued it back together, then placed it in a blender for 10 seconds. Amazingly, the hamster was not injured. However, the wonky bounces caused me to lose two straight sets.
If you're not in the NYC area, don't fret-Warby Parker will ship you 5 frames of our choice for free for you to try on at home. If you're having trouble, you can even post pics of yourself on their Facebook page and the masses can assist in your choices. That in itself is amazing.
Memeoirs will be fun as well as interesting to see how they develop over the coming year or two.
In another he says: “Can you name ONE country where multiculturalism is successful where Islam is involved?”
To bring
Going to Madrid for the Festival of San Isidro? Or the Festimad Music Festival? Or simply to enjoy Madrid? If you’re traveling April 5, 2012 – May 31, 2012, you can earn double miles on American when you fly on American Airlines or Iberia Airlines (codeshared American flights) between Chicago O’Hare (ORD), Dallas/Fort Worth (DFW) or New York/JFK and Madrid, Spain (MAD). You must register prior to travel, using promo code MAD2X. There is no limit to the number of bonus miles you can earn.
Spread the mixture into the crust, press a sheet of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the pie and refrigerate until firm, about four hours (or if you are in a rush, throw it in the freezer).
They show him Katya's letter. He claims ignorance to the handwriting and to its author, saying the only Russian woman he's ever had close contact with was an "old cow in Aurora" who tries to sell him some Russian paintings. They then make Barley read the letter out loud, and he does.
This game has rules:
1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts (optional—I didn't use them because my family doesn't like them, but I'm sure they would be great)
Clear Block Storage Caddy 120279
Simon & Schuster
Running Time: 1hrs 30min
The long weekend gave me an opportunity to take my newly-completed Surly Troll our for a shakedown ride.
WHY, if my booty has shrank 3 pants sizes, do the new pair of angelics I just got BARELY cover the hind fracture??? NO, I didn't try anything new or fancy. Sorry dear! I got the good ol' standards, well as old and standard as the pantie-pushing Angels offer, and too bad I had to work today because I should have been at the movies, as many seats as I have been picking!
United Future leader Peter Dunne, the minister of revenue, today compared it with the ill-fated Electoral Finance Act (EFA).
“I know this is really forward, and you’ll have to figure out someway to keep it from your daughter but my girlfriend at work has two tickets to the Counting Crows show.”
They don’t make up excuses and
And do me a favour, and don’t piss off me gran and sing ‘syne’ not ‘zyne’!
Over double boiler stir together egg whites, sugar and cream of tartar with a whisk until all the sugar granules are dissolved.
I want to step through the door full of curiosity, wondering:
Will: 5 girls actually. Sorry, it was 5 not 2.
Why is Paul called the Apostle of the Gentiles? We have our answer in our verse for today, Acts 22:21.
Now the girls had gotten quite used to hearing me say that I could make them skirts but nothing else because I didn't know how to make anything else, and as soon as I finished this and stepped back to admire my work, they jumped on me and demanded dresses. With gathers and zippers and shit. So I let them pick out fabric and we chose another pattern, and yesterday afternoon, I got started.
- International arrival/departure tax of $16.70 for each arrival and departure to and from the U.S.
My insoles absorbed what they could, holding onto dirty water for about a week when his jacket could’ve been washed and dried in an evening while we made out under my beaded lampshade. But I don’t go in for that crap. Chocolate’s better, and remembering how to use his lips.
In San Francisco and San Jose, for example, the Association of Bay Area Governments has proposed that only 3% of new housing built by 2035 would be allowed on or beyond the "urban fringe"—where current housing ends and the countryside begins. Over two-thirds of the housing for the projected two million new residents in these metro areas would be multifamily—that is, apartments and condo complexes—and concentrated along major thoroughfares such as Telegraph Avenue in the East Bay and El Camino Real on the Peninsula.
Of course, sometimes the colour instead of the ideas behind the colour can become a loaded-baggage like someone being branded “green“, which is why Kevin Roberts has suggested changing from Green to True Blue.
The waiting room was full of people with serious physical disabilities many in deep distress.
b. Bones of Star Trek
If you’re going with a few friends, you have to try the pork belly, the duck gumbo, the burger, carolina middlins, corn muffins, and the oyster pot pie. Oh and the rolls they serve at the beginning of the meal are delicious. So are the cocktails. Basically, show up, order something, and you can’t go wrong. Of all the restaurants I’ve been to in NYC, The Redhead is one of a few where I thought all the dishes we ordered were really tasty. Oh, and if you’re going to order the duck gumbo after sharing a few appetizers–get the 6 oz. I got the 10 oz. and was sad to see about 3 oz. of it go to waste.
I know our paper shouldn't be held to the same standards as The New York Times.
Today’s lunch featured: Tuscan Tuna and Beans from Not Your Mother’s Weeknight Cooking (a Christmas present from my MIL – mother-in-law for those of you not up on post wedding acronyms)
The day after I finally would get to hike up Table Mountain, the number one on my list of favorite things in Cape Town!
05 July 2005
By Gabriel Beltrone
It may not always be the most comfortable time to be planting anything in your landscape, but it is a great time for the plants. Trees and shrubs are completely dormant now, so the concept of transplant shock does not apply. However, you do need to treat any new plantings the same now as you would if it were the middle of summer. New plantings need to be thoroughly watered in regardless of the weather conditions. If it is below freezing but the ground is not frozen, go ahead and plant, taking care to backfill the hole with as loose a soil mix as you can. As soon as the temperatures are back, above freezing go back to your new plantings and water them in. If you have spring bulbs that you have not planted in the ground yet, you need to make that a priority. A little bone or blood meal placed over the planting areas will help keep the squirrels away from your bulbs. They are also great additives for your bulbs.
It is almost scary how much Maggie looks like Daniel. One of these days I will scan in his baby picture so you can see how similar they look. But here is a little proof that Maggie and Daniel are similar- their natural mohawk. In the morning Daniel has a natural mohawk, and Maggie sports one 24/7... so I thought it would be fun to put the two of them together!
This week I have thought a fair bit about comedy. As I mentioned in my last post comedy is one of my true loves, one of the staples of my life (that's true for many of us, I think... TV comedy in particular has a special place in our hearts) and certainly I have written about it plenty on the old blog. Many of us were raised on TV comedy – I know I was – so it can feel a bit like family almost (I've said before that Morecambe and Wise were like uncles to me in some ways and sometimes I even think Dave Allen was my Dad-substitute... remember I was fatherless from the age of 6). So what of the current crop...? Well, this family feeling does mean I take an interest in it all whether I like it or not. I watch the new Gervais/Merchant “Life is Short” (at least to start with), for example, and observe how disappointed many viewers are (I'm not particularly... I only thought “The Office” was OK, never brilliant or genius or any such... though brilliant at making money perhaps!).
And God will save the day, and all with sing
Yet, many new writers take this notion of “start right in the action” and they dump the reader straight into the arena. The beginning of the novel starts us off with the protagonist (we think) hanging over a shark tank and surrounded by ninjas. There are world-shattering stakes and we are only on page 2.
From this case, I see the Twitter’s powerful influence in local business and true engagement.
So yesterday I got into the car to go get something from somewhere, and I heard the tail-end of an interview with some philosopher-guy. All they said in the twenty seconds I heard was that God and football are the main topics at Notre Dame, although there are a few others ha ha, and then they said his name is Alvin Plantinga, and he has a new book.
Banaian plans on returning to SCSU after he completes his run for the House.
Okay, next post is coming right up.
My story was carried by sites like TheRoot.com, which brought it to the attention of an even larger audience. Soon Charles Blow was writing a powerful column in The New York Times. From there, the story spread and grew and became a unprecedented phenomenon.
This was the #1 selling book after I became a Christian. The title spoke to my evil hidden humour. I thought all the girls in the Bible were good like Mary, boy did this book take away those blinders. This book spoke to me in a deep and personal way as I was a former Bad Girl. The best part was it wasn't preachy because Liz herself was a former Bad Girl gone Good. She was redeemed and renewed just as I had been. I learned more about my walk in that book then I had during my profession of Faith classes. (Sorry Pastor Phil). I learned about grace, love, truth, courage, etc.. When I met Liz at a conference I had her sign my book. I have recommended this book to many new and young Christian woman who are a little unsure of their walk. It takes away the false representation that only good girls can be used by God. God uses imperfect people to do His work and tell His story.
It was not until they came to the Schalcken that Digby’s interest in his visitor was aroused. Of all the pictures in the collection it was his favourite. It showed a man – believed to be the artist himself – seated at a table of polished mahogany, with a mug of ale at his elbow, lighting his pipe from a candle which a little girl of five or six, dressed in the stiff costume of the period, held up to him on tiptoe. The light and shadow playing on the man’s features were Schalcken at his best. The white satin of the child’s dress might have come from the brush of a Terbourg. The theme had been conceived as delicately and as purely as it had been handled. The centuries that had passed had done nothing to lessen the freshness of its appeal.
☆ NO ADS. EVER!
Foege Auditorium (UW Genome Sciences, 3720 15th Ave NE, Seattle WA 98195)
One 1990 Ford F-150 truck with camper shell. 260,000 miles. Gets 8 miles to the gallon. Runs at least 15 miles without stalling and shutting down. Tires are in excellent condition!
"Ah... my HOUSE?!"
“Livvy, I know the rules, but he’s obviously not from here. And he looks like no guy I’ve ever seen before. I mean, every boy I’ve ever met looks like every boy I’ve ever met.” This is true. It’s not just the uniform. There’s also a certain uniformity to all the guys in our class. As we get closer to starting our lives in the Administration, the males are beginning to look more the part.
So my question is... at what age do we start trusting our own kids? When do we start trusting ourselves to let our children grow to the point where they can ride their bike outside, alone?
Fast-forward to this year and it seems that the same trend is continuing with this crop of draftees. Recently, it has been reported through unnamed scouts that two of the top three projected picks are now character risks and teams should be wary of drafting these players early. Robert Griffin III(QB, Baylor) has been reported, much like Cam Newton was, as a selfish, me first kind of player that has the makings of a bust in the NFL, while Matt Kalil (T, USC) is being touted as an entitled child.
The staiths were constructed of, generally, 13 inch x 13 inch pitch pine, jointed with bolts and straps in the usual openwork construction. The structure was in three parts; a substructure of piles driven into the mud on which were superimposed trestles, braced in both directions creating 98 frames at approximately 5.3m. Centres, and above this ran double thickness longitudinal timbers supporting a deck and track beams. The deck sloped at a gradient of 1 in 85 down toward the landward. The staiths were the last working timber staiths on the Tyne. They were severely damaged by fire during the night of 19/20 November 2003.
The devoted team at IP will also be introducing a great offer soon to those who choose to be part of the rebirthing process of this instant analog technology and support their efforts.
Ed.
Staff Personnel:
08 She's So Square
But even that isn’t actually the point here. Ace makes that point much better than I can, anyway, and I see the Masters are on board with a fine take as well. The long and short of it is that the proposal here and in re: tanning beds in Jersey are both categorically dumb, in the same category. To wit, they aren’t going to do a blessed thing to fix the problem that was allegedly the whole reason for getting together and blathering on for 478 pages.
Runner Up: Summer Wine Brewery (West Yorkshire) - For Northerners they really do making fucking great beer! ;)
While helping me get that dang histogram (I'm so hoping that's the right word) thing off my camera's playback M accidentally turned this picture "sepia".
”Nothing actually takes place between the dog and the boyfriend but having to explain to a young person why the dog is dressed in her red corset and why she then gets rid of the boyfriend is something which should not happen as a result of watching a show as harmless as Antiques Roadshow,” the complaint reads.
That’s not to say I’m averse to books without robots, or BWR, as we shall call them. While I’ve not yet read The Count of Monte Cristo, The Catcher in the Rye, or The Grapes of Wrath, they’re all sitting on my shelf, waiting. And, despite my protests, there are a whole bunch of BWR that have been a strong influence on me as a writer, and which I count among my favourite novels ever.
On the Side
Now I have 4 year old twin boys and a 2 year old boy, and lately I've been feeling more like a drill Sargent or referee than a mum! I've tried a few different chore/reward chart, but most of them have been too complicated and/or too time consuming for me to stick to! Now I came across this one and it seems fairly simple. We created it today, and I've never seen my boys so excited about a reward chart. All night they were talking about the good things which would let them move up the chart! So I'm keeping my fingers crossed the excitement does not wear off!
We stroll the shore hand-in-hand.
DEUTERONOMY 17:13
- recognize your best friend
Since I am semi-new to the DSLR world, I decided to start learning in manual so I don’t get to dependent on auto. Good plan, huh? So far, so good…if you ask me at least! Here is a picture I took today (full post to come):
So, the kids went off to get dressed, but moments later the fighting started.
Once they are folded, put everything away. Piles of laundry littering the couch only takes away from the hard work you have done.
Now that you know who I am, I have a question for you. What comes to your mind when you hear the words cloth diapers? I’ll bet that it has something to do with the diapers your grandma used – flat white diapers drying in the wind on a clothesline, diaper pins, and rubber pants. Am I close? The name of my store actually came from the fact that many people have misconceptions about cloth diapers. I am here to tell you that cloth diapers have come a long way! The modern cloth diaper is just as easy to use, if not easier, than mainstream disposable diapers. So in fact, cloth diapers are very doable!
I walked in the house and 10-Year Old Daughter, literally, stopped dead in her tracks and said, "OH, MY GOD! You look so WEIRD!" Knowing how vain I am, Mrs. Wife immediately sprung into damage control mode but it's no use. Kids speak the truth.
Violetta is proof of that. She was given to me as a get-well gift in February 2011, and I was determined she would grace my home for at least one year. I think my record with this type of indoor house plant is maybe 90 days, but not much longer.
any Christian scripture could afford.
Hops: German Hallertau Magnum
Sensitive to others
Assistant Prosecuting Attorney Kathi Alizadeh also pointed out that Vanvlerah willingly posed for pictures with Kyle and her daughter.
These things happen
A revelation that when it comes to blogging everyday, Angelina is still a baby. Besides that, the rise of the total of my followers (thanks so much!). In fact, that's the reason I keep going in the challenge. There are people who look forward to read my entries and I won't let them down :)
I added an ambidextrous safety to it. Just a no name brand. But it fits well and operates like it should.
We came up with our new logo:
Why, upon the upliftment of blessing, do I so often look around, compare myself to others, stick my nose in the air, and condescend? Simple graciousness would be a much better response.
But I think that the story’s central metaphor is commonly misunderstood with the glittering gems in the net representing individual people. People reflecting each other, relating to each other, connecting to each other. This could not be farther from the truest meaning of the metaphor, the self is an illusion, the self is not the gem. This is possibly the most difficult and most often ignored teaching of Buddhism, but it is also the most fundamental and important. The self is an illusion. Let me see if these words from the Dalai Lama can help elucidate this point:
All will not go smoothly?
Light Soya sauce, 2 table spoon
Now note the use of the scare word "likely", despite the fact its based on meaningless units. Its likely that one day Don may discover that he has a pointless job, develop a backbone and leave the public teat for a real job in the private sector. Ok, not very likely but it might happen if his beloved Labour lose and your tax money is not mis-used to fund puritanical lobby groups.
I will be the proud owner of a £20 book token, just as soon as they get it delivered!
JGIG occasionally links to to sites that sometimes move or remove content, forums that periodically cull threads, sites/posters that appear to 'scrub' content from their sites (or YouTube posts, pdf files, etc.) when that content receives negative attention, and others that over time simply cease to exist.
Now that the Permanent TSB/ESRI has abandoned its quarterly house price index, the CSO’s isIreland’s premier index for mortgage-based transactions. It analyses mortgage transactions at eight financial institutions : Allied Irish Banks, Bank of Ireland, ICS Building Society (part of the Bank ofIrelandgroup), the Educational Building Society, Permanent TSB, Belgian-owned KBC, Danish-owned National Irish Bank and Irish Nationwide Building Society. The index is hedonic in the sense it firstly groups transactions on a like-for-like basis (location, property type, floor area, number of bedrooms, new or old and first-time buyer or not) and then assigns weightings to each group dependent on their value to the total value of all transactions. The index is an average of three-month rolling transactions.
Home Alone ... FMC ... 10 AM
My fist is bloody and I am flabbergasted. I feel my head weighing a ton. I try to fathom what really happened.
To hide that furrowed brow,
★ザ・グッド・シップ・ロリー・ポップ★
March 2012 marked the third anniversary of the ABC Canada Board Committee. In this time, buyer and publisher members have embraced this autonomy, and ABC Canada has grown stronger. Rules, reporting and services have been tailored to fit members’ changing needs in each division.
Communicating with debtors means you want to share a common interest with them, which in this case is your need to understand and explain why an outstanding bill has not been paid, will it be paid, and how. Sometimes work is tiresome and disliked, and we are tempted to see it as a burden that results from sin in the world. Productive work is a gift from the Creator who found joy and delights in the work or the world.
Remove from the griddle and serve it with the strawberry syrup and top it with some fresh whipped cream and Maraschino cherries.
filed several Right to Information (RTI) applications with several government offices and save for some initial hiccups at the Copyright Office, the responses that I received from most Central Government Offices have been quite satisfactory or in the case of the DIPP, exemplary. The one sore exception to
When it comes to coupons I take them out of my wallet or coupon holder before I leave my house, I put them in order of the store so that they are easier to find and I put a C next to the item on the list to remind me I have a coupon for it. When I pick up that item I put the coupon on the list attached with a paperclip so when I get to the checkout they are all together, any that I didn't use for whatever reason are tucked back in my pocket or wallet (if I brought it) for next time.
I Like Big Bundts - Day #29
First, forget everything you have learned,
Yes its nearly time for our little darlings to return to school albeit it new ones or old ones... for the first timers...awwwww...bless them..they do look very cute in their school uniforms dont they...anyway we would like to see your creations with this theme.
(It also doesn’t hurt to be working so that you can start saving money, but that’s another issue.)
Even pained and close to faint with exhaustion, Rissad's glare had a force like a hammered nail to the skull, but it softened quickly and he looked away. "I don't know. Because of me... Chag got caught up in some stuff. I don't know whether he's even really one of us anymore."
Why didn’t I watch it last year?! Seriously.
Yeah un fact that mean more niche, discount and hundreds other promotion.
On The Creation of Niggers
It is good to worship Him when I don't feel like it. It is good to worship Him when I am not greatly moved, it doesn't make me a hypocrite, it is part of my obedience to Him. It is good to read His word and spend time with Him even when I don't 'feel' His Presence. Fruit will come from these times later.
Whose seasons I knew well,
Every time I taste this brew I am reminded of the Benjamin Franklin (mis)quote: “Beer is proof that god loves us and wants us to be happy”.
...You decided your car seat is really not the devil after all. In fact, I think you kinda like it now...
He is apart of Legacy Youth Ministry & Jubilee fellowship (home church) which seeks to empower and train this generation of Belizean youths to succeed in every sphere of society & rise up and fulfill their God given destiny.
2010.09.19 Afghanistan Kunduz 8 0 Eight children bleed out following a Taliban rocket attack.
asks for deep and meaningful Easter-card doggerel
so instead of the real thing i will just have to settle for the pleasure i get from my the chook related gifts and op shop finds..
with your eyes trained to the ground
It has literally has come down to tackling one room, one cupboard, or one closet at at time. Here is a little glimpse of how things have been looking.
comprising this 18-minute piece are in a tonal idiom, making
LOS and Cover
Lord, I give you this year, 2012, make it count, make a difference, let me be part of your plan and give the courage to do what needs to be done.
But, then I think about all of our wonderful friends down here and the opportunities our kids have here in Texas that they wouldn't have in Ohio and I know that we made the right decision in moving South.
What he had was 1 egg, butter, half pot of cream cheese, milk and chocolate chips. I thought that half a pot of Finland did not amount to a yogurt, so my first idea was to make mini muffins, but when we went to look for patterns, these were the ones in sight, and of course you chose.
I had a pretty busy weekend as always, but did manage to get a lot done, though not as much as usual unfortunately, and last night I was starting to feel a little stress creeping in as I’m not achieving my goals and need a little down time to re-check myself. So I’m a bit frustrated this morning as I really wanted to go to yoga, but I’ve decided it’ll be better to have a catch up and refresh, miss the class and then go to tonight’s instead and be back on track tomorrow. Otherwise I’ll end up feeling more and more behind, and I can’t let things slip. I’ve now hit the original 60days target for the fundraising campaign and I think things are starting to pay off and we have made massive progress, but still have a lot of work to do, including finding either a salary for myself, or a road I really don’t want to go down, finding a new job, as financially it will become necessary, but if we can get our grants then it means I can stay full time on project which is where my energy and time needs to be, especially at this crucial point.
It doesn’t matter who you are or what age you are, a fundamental part of any fitness or exercise routine has to include some resistance and for me, I believe it should include weights. For too long many people but especially women have shied away from lifting weights and when they do all you see is their pink tiny Barbie weights – we should all stop being so stupid about it and understand that to get the results we all want, you need to work hard and to get the sculpted body that most women really want, you need to get into the weights room and lift more than a pink 1kg weight!
Don’t get me wrong: I’m equal parts excited and terrified. I cannot wait to hear Charlaine Harris speak at Salem College. Nor can I wait for Thursday night when I listen to my loves, the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
It gives the Imam a chance to advise all Muslims at the same time on urgent matters that face them. The Imam’s sermon gives them guidance in Islamic teachings. Friday Prayer is an obligatory Prayer for every adult male Muslim. However, those who are sick, blind or disabled, those on a journey, and women, are exempt from the obligation of attending the Prayer at the mosque. They can join in the Prayer if they so wish, but if they cannot attend the Friday Prayer, they have to offer Dhuhr (noon) prayer instead, as the Friday Prayer is offered in place of Dhuhr (noon) prayer.
It seems rather impertinent to give the Great Man something of a personal, even intimate nature, so I would give him a digital camera to record what he sees on his nocturnal walks and I would like it to be linked to a device so that he can stream the pictures to us now.
My Husby used a tissue and turned and held it out to me.
Normally for Beltane I attempt to gather dew on a flannel and wash my face in it. I didn’t try it this year because I had to go to work and also because it has been raining so much lately I thought I wouldn’t get any dew. I had asked for rain at the Spring Equinox and since we’re in a drought condition it’s good to have it.
next sprinkled some flour onto a clean work surface and a rolling pin . unwrap the pastry and put it on the floury surface . roll out the pastry untill slightly bigger and thick as a pencil,
"What should I write?" Berra had asked.
Are you a fan of Castle (or other crime shows)?
Sophomore Thayer Seely struck out 10 and allowed no baserunners as the Poolesville High School baseball team topped host Einstein 11-0 in five innings Tuesday.
So yes, the church in Smyrna is suffering persecution and trials, but they are not alone! Jesus, the One who walks among the lampstands, sees and knows what they are going through. I love that He acknowledges that though they are monetarily poor, they are rich. In what? In His presence, in those riches that neither moth nor rust destroy: in godly lives perhaps? In any case, Jesus promises them a crown if they do well. People who have crowns are definitely rich. But the earthly cost looks high to us: faithfulness to the
It’s a shame they use such lies and it’s a shame we don’t react to those lies.
But notwithstanding its merits, the approach, at least as I understand it, also presents real challenges and dangers. Its radical localism, its vision of community control of key services, will depend on local capacity which is inevitably uneven, on new funding models not yet fully developed, and on the willingness of communities to take on more responsibilities, which is not assured. Most people are already stretched for time and many may not want to become “service managers”. And, if the state uses these new models to justify deep cuts, localism could easily become compulsory volunteerism or what we usually call offloading. So, for example, voluntary firefighters are important and deserve our respect and support – but they also deserve the best of training and equipment and the support of professionals and they cannot be expected to do the whole job. We know that community health care and social services are important but they cannot do it all. They cannot take on research and science, health surveillance, infrastructure and procurement, redistribution, and the pooling of risk to ensure that everybody is covered for care.
It was just one of those things
and the creative photo booth.
I have a little bit of a backlog of games because of the challenge last month, but that's OK. As I said about a month ago, I bought the Ico/Shadow of the Colossus HD Collection for the PS3. Well, I finished the second half of the collection, and what a terrific game!
The following awesomness was observed this week:
We appreciate your understanding and loyalty. We look forward to your continued business now and into the future.
Both a parody of, and an homage to Frankenstein, Tim Burton's, Frankenweenie is actually a feature length remake of a black and white short film he made in 1984. The short, which was live action, starred Shelley Duvall, Daniel Stern, and Barret Oliver.
Jackie can evaluate your new property in terms of potential rental returns, quality of location, potential for renovation or redevelopment and more. Plus, she loves to share her local knowledge to help you find the best schools, restaurants, markets, festivals, cultural events and organizations.
Here are a few photos from our ryegrass harvest, followed by my latest MooTube Minute video update:
I’ve decided to give this posting a similar title I used when I wrote about that other puppet-agent of the devil - Gaddafi. Naming this post, “Africa's most notorious warlord” just didn’t feel right because so many of these despicable characters have been ‘planted’ on African soil in positions of power, that compiling a list would be quite a mission.
0930 AM – WORKSHOP REGISTRATION, PAYMENT, AND LUNCH ORDER
2 — That kids are almost a different species from the rest of us, hence require a whole houseful of kids-only products.
Easy Money already has a very successful Swedish film adaptation and there is an English language remake on the way.
Eddie Van Halen – Guitars, Keyboards
"I’d rather go back to the boring, normal life where our business dreams were slow moving and Vanessa didn’t have cancer, any day. But she has cancer, and we had the business in us all along, and now we’re running with them both – and we have resolved to use the business to defy the cancer.
The teacher said, "Well, tell us what you have, and maybe we can help."
4. To seek recognition and membership status from:
Crumbs looked shocked at Keith’s last request “Mavis? How could you possibly know she was the tea lady?”
In 2009, Farmers raised its rates, and Travelers was about 30 percent less, so I switched, but my lender took it upon itself to pay Farmers in September and made me ask Farmers to issue me a refund, which Farmers did promptly. I asked my lender to pay Travelers, which it did, and I signed over the refund check from Farmers to my escrow account, but my lender lost the check, and then had the audacity to raise my monthly escrow because it was too low, due to its mistake! No joke!
Happy Valentines Day, Angel.
Step 9: Paint the surface of the first batch of mooncakes with egg wash and put 10 of them back in the oven and bake them for 20 minutes.
Fast forward to Friday afternoon now. I have been drinking coffee and soda all day to stay awake because as exhausted as I was when I went to bed I stayed up long into the night reading "The Steward of Christendom" by Sebastian Berry.
But really when I sit back and think....."you know if you just relax, it will all be okay." I know I let more of GOD's will in, and I don't have to make these bigger decisions alone. I know everything I have EVER forced, did not work out. I have learned a lot the hard way and also sometimes the more painful way. And I know I can handle whatever is thrown my way with the support of GOD and my husband.
Of course I also take this time to talk about animals that live in cold habitats like penguins. We read a lot of books about penguins. Then the students do a step-by-step drawing of a penguin and write some facts about it. To help them with this we completed a tree map.
Much is being done to deliver growth in future years in countries such as Spain, Italy, Portugal and even Greece, with labour market reforms while restructuring the big, overweight state-owned enterprises which have acted as a brake on the economy for years in Portugal, are an important part of the plan. But these reforms take time to take effect and there is very little being done to ease the pain as wages are squeezed to make these countries more competitive i.e. the internal devaluation.
Iceland ranks: 3rd (53,472)
“The end comes when we no longer talk with ourselves. It is the end of genuine thinking and the beginning of the final loneliness. The remarkable thing is that the cessation of the inner dialogue marks also the end of our concern with the world around us. It is as if we noted the world and think about it only when we have to report it to ourselves.” Eric Hoffer
And a snatch of conversation pleased me, making sense of something. Faerie said, in groups which favour diversity, the oppressed may become the oppressors. Heteronormativity occurs when heterosexual people assume or imply that everyone is heterosexual, or that heterosexual behaviour is normal, or better than homosexual behaviour. It is oppressive because it marginalises other groups. However sometimes heterosexuals, bless them, behave in a heterosexual way, which is natural to them and not in itself heteronormative. Gay people can become oppressors by calling that “heteronormative” and saying it is discourteous. The distinction is important. I hope that is clear, it made sense to me.
Researchers also noted that the roots of dementia develop years before it becomes obvious, so a positive change in belly fat now could create a big benefit late in life.
We tried to go to a concert last weekend and got there for the last verse of the last song. dang.
“The heart fluttering sensation experienced by women of a certain age upon seeing a man of much younger years, usually sporting six-pack abs, boyish innocence, and a clear willingness to learn. Side effects include: unclean thoughts, raised hemlines, and a deep desire to take on the role of tutor.”
Some of my favorite accomplishments, life events and memories from 2011. I couldn't have done it without you. I am so grateful for your support and am beyond excited for the upcoming year. Sending positive vibes your way, as we kick off the new year.
We were in the center of the city around these miles and starting to run through some of the Must-Sees of Madrid and it was amazing. I was still feeling strong and taking it all in but maintaining my focus. We started hitting some pretty steep downhills around Mile 7 which I knew would continue until about Mile 20. I was prepared for the downhills but some of them were really steep and I had to slow down to keep from falling. I hit Mile 10 right on target, just under 1:30. I felt awesome. I started to think: "Hey, I can do this!" But I quickly told my self I still had two other legs of this race to get through and to stay focused and stay strong and to not get ahead of myself.
But I'm a Catholic, and I have aspirations to be a serious one, and one of the big things that Catholicism teaches is that with a combination of will and grace, fallen human nature can be overcome. We can rise above our previous selves.
My problems with Agatha Christie are long and deep-rooted. I was kind of brought up with her work (my mum had read every single one, and there were hundreds of them in the house). I studied her work as part of a course at university - compared and contrasted every aspect of her novels with others of both the time, earlier and later. And I was bored rigid of her. Formulaic, predictable and annoyingly elitest, her mysteries were not exactly my favourite time-killer.
I wish you all a lovely Christmas & you have no idea how much joy and sweet smiles I send your way:)
Back in August I wrote a post about my return to knitting after a lengthy break away, making this waistcoat from a vintage pattern . . .
* wax paper
So when these guys got ratted out, and busted...well, they had a crazy response to this crazy law. Read on...
I literally had to give her breathing treatments with one of those asthma machines. It broke my heart & I was so attached & literally didn't know if she was going to make it another day.
She kicked back on the small hand
“March brings breezes loud and shrill, to stir the dancing daffodil”. Sara Coleridge, 1802-1852.
Hello all of my good bloggy friends. I just wanted to hop on here and give you a quick update.
Join us on Thursday May 10th @ 10am for a free community event the whole family will love.
Almost no one in this class . . .
"One is in enough trouble with the Queen of England as it is!" he shouted at me. "I put you in charge of sorting out my son's wedding shindig, and you go and schedule it on the same day as Lizzie's bash!"
Real’s top scorer in the League once again missed the spot- kick. Having converted 25 consecutive spot-kicks in the running season saw his penalty saved by Bilbao goalkeeper Gorka Iraizoz.
In the meantime, pineapples had spread to tropical Asia, where they could grow naturally, and so were also becoming associated with the East.
I’m content with just you ma love
Grue grunted, adjusted the position of the unconscious body he had draped over one shoulder, “Scout it.”
Do students see the same questions on the reassessment?
We do in fact live in a world of abundance. All the things we desire are before us and all around us; it is our choice as to whether to see them and be open to receive them. By changing our mindset, our world becomes a totally different place. And you have the power within you.
What seems to escape their perception is that the passive voice was invented for a reason. It describes a particular angle on a situation that focuses on the experience of being the recipient of an action, not on the experience of the agent, but rather on the experience of the subject being exposed to the action. In any case, there is a clear reason for the fact that our language still allows us to use the passive voice.
His anticipation was much more profound than the most faithful of Christians. It was, for he had already been there. He knew where he was going and he knew the glories of heaven. We can say this because of his personal testimony in 2 Corinthians 12:3-5, and again I say he was referring to himself.
I left my phone at home today. Mark wasn’t surprised, he said I’m always leaving it lying around recently and I never reply to his messages. I felt kind of bad, all this time travelling takes up way much more time than I’d ever thought possible – I don’t even spend this long on homework and organizing my room combined.
Until next time, keep your pumpkins lit.
Wednesday Night: Dinner with my friends! I can't wait!
Over the next few weeks I will have more fun pages to share for this project ~ creative pocket pages, more full-sized layouts & some creative ways display the brochures and memorabilia I picked up along our journey.
to edit a speech. He declaims at such length about the sins of woman, Anne is able to hurry her
This dish is perfect for breakfast, brunch, lunch, as a dinner side dish or a late-night snack. The batch I made earlier this week made enough for Cam and I to each get two filling breakfasts out of it. Since we started eating Paleo a few months ago, breakfast is definitely the meal that's been toughest for me. I was so used to eating cereal/milk or yogurt/granola or toast/peanut butter, so it's been a little hard to figure out what to eat in the mornings. I eat eggs often and although I really love them, after a while they start to get a little repetitive. This hash is the perfect cure for breakfast boredom! I'm planning to make it this weekend for my parents for brunch, and I'll feel like it's going to become one of my go-to dishes.
I visit your blog to see his pictures.
Or the one crying out for a need
2/3 yard outer fabric
The snack selection ranges from flapjacks, to natural nuts and seeds, to dried fruits, to mini cakes and tea, to deli breads and chutneys. So far my rave range has to be the little dessert type punnets they include, for example Jaffa cake, lemon meringue pie, raspberry cheesecake – the list goes on. You get the taste of your most loved desserts – but made with whole foods and without the calorie laden cost! (See Lemon Meringue below!)
Take a Bowl. Add the boiled potatoes and mash them. Add the boondi, green chilli, coriander, onion, salt, dry mango powder, cumin powder. Mix them all well.
First what reasons could Nintendo possibly have not to bring Mother to VC? Well for starters is the IP’s track record the SNES game did terribly and Nintendo’s Japanese heads still remember its miserable failure. Nintendo doesn’t even want third party games on eShop that are not going to sell a minimum of 6,000 copies. For first party games there minimum goal is often as low as 25,000 and as high as 100,000. Nintendo does not like or want to release anything that is not a sure thing.
The room seemed redolent of a strange eeriness
Exhaust Blown Diffusers
I know this sexy motherfucker
11/20 - Los Angeles, CA - House of Blues
4. "Minority" – 1:17
My post yesterday introduced (to my knowledge) a new way of describing this generation of secondary school students: the "Control-F Generation." Sometimes they are called "Generation Why" but I think this is a total misnomer: they are willing to ask "Why do I have to..." or "Why should I..." but the deeper questions that the word Why should point to are often left unasked. Based on my limited observations - after all, I'm not a researcher nor do I have experience of secondary school students beyond my own experiences teaching here at U of D Jesuit - I do think there are certain traits that mark this generation in a remarkable way.
UPPER INSIDE SECTION OF MOUTH: With Red ch 14, 1 sc in 2nd st from hook, 1 sc in each st of ch, ch 1, turn. 2nd ROW: 1 sc in each sc decreasing 1 st at beginning and end of row, ch 1, turn. Work 1 row even (11 sc). Repeat last 2 rows twice. Work 1 row even, cut yarn.
I could feel my defenses rising to the surface. I was ready to reject everything he just said. Just let it ricochet right off of me,add some stuff and pummel him with it. Get angry,get quiet and eventually walk away.
Phreak: I’m a horrible person…
3) WHAT DOES YOUR MOBILE PHONE LOOK LIKE?
I’m not going to write my usual in-depth article with production information, as that has already been done and better than I ever could. Rather, here are 24 of my favorite moments:
Arkham City is the sequel to the smash hit Arkham Asylum from 2009 and easily one of the best games of 2011. Its DX11 mode was broken when the game launched, but a subsequent patch added an admittedly minimal amount of support for the API. It’s a great game in either mode, however, and makes an appearance here as a real-world title with broad appeal.
“I might add that the private conversation among many Republicans in this town is that this was unjust and unfair. The Romneyites are correct when they say they tried to talk him out of it. But they kept and keep their views quiet. The gay-inclusive elements in the elites simply do not have the balls to tackle the religious right. And this is particularly true of Romney, as this case now proves. The Christianists gave Bush a pass on social issues because of his born-again Christianity. They trust Mormon Romney not an inch. And this week demonstrates without any doubt that Romney will therefore not be able to deviate from their wishes an iota. He has no room to maneuver. The notion that he could be a moderate on social issues in office is, alas, a pipe dream.
The seedlings are doing quite well considering the various temperatures, and the tomatoes even made it through a 43 degree night because I forgot to bring them in. I am thankful they survived and were not stunted in any way... so I guess the Sophie's Choice description was accurate, we will see what happens in the next month.
After tracking the wife down to the theatre where she sings every night they learn that she called Moxley only half an hour before his murder. This leads to an amusing interlude with the woman’s brother, played by perpetual 30s lug Warren Hymer, who briefly gets the best of Spudsy, It turns out he saw a man coming out of Moxley’s apartment and was paid to keep silent. Mason invites all the suspects to a cocktail party at his house to explain what really happened, which we see in an elaborate flashback. Rhoda is freed, Perry gets a new client to defend and once again has to postpone his trip to China – as Della says to him at the curtain call, “You’re so wonderful. If only you couldn’t cook.”
I would like to sell my daughter into slavery, as sanctioned in Exodus 21:7. In this day and age, what do you think would be a fair price for her?
V.A. - The Wedding Album (A BoBW compilation)
The blog wants to speak now: The Ballgames, Music, TV, Pop Culture and News categories have been updated to include, among other things, a certain famous act by coach Bobby Knight.
Introducing the WX10000.1, KICKER’s ultimate power play in car audio. Code name Warhorse, the WX10000.1 Signal-Modulated Subwoofer Amplifier is a massive marvel – more than 10,000 true watts surging to dual-voice-coil subwoofers with the highest power-handling capabilities…. Read More >>
Lets do some math here. 6 bottles at $1.09 is $6.54. But the 6 pack is going to cost me $6.99. Shouldn't it be the other way around? I think it should. So I wanted to find out.
Many years ago someone told me that if you were interested in a particular historical period then it meant that you had lived there in a previous life. I don't buy into reincarnation (really, not at all) but I am a history buff, and there are several periods and places that I read about obsessively. And when my "time travel" superpower reveals itself, I will be visiting the following places:
“If I’m here on May 22, and I wake up, I’m going to be in hell,” says Brown. “And that’s where I don’t want to be. So there is going to be a May 22, and we don’t want to be here.”
Retired Navy Commander David D. Bruhn provides everything you ever wanted to know about U.S. minesweeping operations in the Vietnam War in Wooden Ships and Iron Men: The U.S. Navy’s Coastal and Inshore Minesweepers, and the Minecraft that Served in Vietnam, 1953–1976 (Heritage Books, 343 pp., $34, paper).
I digress only momentarily to explain that our countryman, Admiral Sir Francis Beaufort is responsible for giving us the scale of wind speeds that we currently use. It really hasn’t changed much since he standardized it in 1806. There’s been no need. Wind, from a gentle summer breeze that cools the romantic brow (3 to 6 knots, Beaufort 2) right through to a full hurricane-force gale greater than 73mph (64 knots, Beaufort 12) has a way of letting you know it’s there.
Looking back I should have done a little bit more research on the type of dirt that I was planting my plants in. For the sake of my readers, I’ve done some research. There is a quote I like to keep in the back of my mind; “learn from other people’s mistakes, life is too short to make them all yourself” (I’m not sure of the author). So here, learn.
The Barefoot Contessa, or Ina Garten, is a superb everyday chef. I use her recipes when I have guests or for a simple supper, since they always work out well. The recipe below is a variation of her Vegetable Tian. I wanted to make it basically vegan (you can add Romano, but it is fine with just breadcrumbs), and with ingredients we readily have in the Spring and Summer
Useful tips:
Whichever side of single you’re on, it’s difficult to comment on what the other person is doing. This is because once you’re in deep in your particular situation. So the next time you want to comment on someone’s relationship status, keep your mouth shut. Keep it shut and just listen. That’s what all of us really want from our friends.
We survive in strange ways
My boys are so blessed to have future mates that are so well suited to them. As a mother, that means so much.
All that said, keep the following in mind:
New Link To All Contests on The Side, one stop Shopping!
You have probably read about the strange occurrence of the dying Red Wing Blackbirds in Arkansas. Maybe you have also read about the same type of thing happening in Louisiana. You probably even read about the mass die-off of Drum Fish as well.
The airy decor is simple with mostly black and white features, a vast blackboard announcing the fare of the moment, and a large shelving unit behind the counter houses delicious English condiments such as marmite (disclaimer: we appreciate the use of the word delicious in the context is highly subjective). Overall, a great place for a casual brunch or tea with friends before or after a little jaunt around the latest exhibition at Le Bal (or not as the case may be).
As I stated on Friday (short POST), I've decided to expand my blogging and include more from my life and the wisdom I've gained from 20 years of marriage and just over 18 years of motherhood.
This unassuming little wooden fish hung in my childhood home as far back as I can remember, serving in the utilitarian role of key holder, though all the while becoming something infinitely more precious.
Shoes: Walter Steiger
So. Good, bad, interesting. That's the booze policy news this week.
Time to step back from the drama of the situation and begin to respond like I believe what God's word says. I prayed this morning that God would change my attitude...he has. Weeks ahead are going to be interesting and the temptation to get pulled right back into the drama is going to remain, after all the situation hasn't changed....but I am praying that when I am tempted to despair he will remind me once again that nothing comes into my life that is not filtered by him...and that he uses every situation for my good and his purposes. There is comfort in that when you really think about it.
Who knew it was because of an old theater?
This video how-to by Marjorie Harris has her treating the massive bloomer C. 'Betty Corning' in the same way. Harris is refreshingly no-nonsense about her clematis pruning. And, really, you should be, too.
As if being away from her in itself wasn't enough to make me think about Kaylee, I had cute little things like this popping up the whole time we were gone.
If you like reality shows, good-looking teenagers killing each other, and Lenny Kravitz ―he doesn’t sing but exudes sex appeal― in a minor role, “The Hunger Games” is for you. Donald Sutherland does a great job playing the bad guy.
You bite down on the sheet
I had learned too, from experience, that there was no arguing or bargaining with this Other. Again and again it went dead under my hand... I knew that feeling well too; and I knew it meant that the daemon wasn't with me any longer, or never had been with this piece of work. One certain way to drive away the Daemon was, I'd learned, to argue with It. If Its dictum was that a certain character should die, and I said, no, that's too sad, or too horrible, or I don't want to kill that person – then the Daemon stalked away and left me to do what I could on my own. Which was nothing good. Left to myself, it seemed, all I could produce was the most obvious, uninspired, dull verbiage. There was only one way to persuade the Daemon to return – give in to all Its demands. Find a way to make Its suggestions work, however outrageous, cruel, unlikely and difficult to research they were. Daemons, I learned, never argue or bargain. They simply leave.
I know this may come across as paranoia, but it’s merely a shift in awareness from merely myself, to how I fit in as myself with other people.
I am always fascinated by people's reaction to moving forward and making changes... hell it feels like you fall off the grid if you don't keep up with it all these days... but why do some of us resist change so ferociously... especially when making those adjustments is for the good... I myself can count numerous times when I have also, bucked the changes, refused to get in line... soon enough to be standing on my own as the rest of the crowd moves off into the distance... don't get me wrong, I have no issues with swimming my own stream, but what holds me back, what locks my feet into inaction...
Sometimes in life there are points building to a crescendo, but you never see them. You’re unaware. In a book or movie, it would be known as foreshadowing.
10) Have someone who was not involved in the preparation of your content check it over.
If there’s one thing I lose on a consistent basis, it’s my cell phone! The following is a conversation that takes place all too often at my house.
All it is
So from this point on, I will NOT be asking for button codes through email, I'm going to ask you to please fill out a sponsor form here, and I will email for any additional information needed.
Beware of anyone or anything described as “legendary.” It is not a synonym for “famous” or “well-known.” You have to be special to be a legend.
1) Pay Yourself First. Having a savings account or an emergency fund can always help with life’s bumpy roads.
Hell, my klutzy, messy self should barely be trusted to carry something white. Therefore, this $20 Forever21 Chanel-ish knockoff will be a good test as to whether or not I'm ready to move up in the fashion echelons.
It was then and only then that I realized the glass on the floor was from pictures that had fallen off the walls: kitchen, living room, both kids bedrooms, bathroom medicine cabinet empty of its contents. My bedroom was undamaged because, they think, I had my window open a couple of inches.
Several horses tethered on verges on the eastern side of York have broken free over the past month or so. Two of them have been killed after being struck by vehicles. The owner of a Ford Transit van which was written off in one of those accidents – who was told by police he would have been killed had he been driving a car – has said he intends to sue the council. It seems this has been an ongoing problem for some time now. And the usually ultra-H&S-conscious council officials are dragging their heels. How very curious!
Ascending to the main level, one is greeted with an expansive view to the rear yard. Glass doors slide away to seamlessly integrate the living spaces with outdoors. A generous patio space under the master bedroom provides a cool place to relax in the shade while taking in the California sun. The glass walls at both ends of the house are designed to be open to the gentle sea breezes, allowing the house to naturally ventilated most days of the year.
Surely I’m not the only person who has noticed this. If you’ve never been privy to this phenomenon, stand near any group of old women and listen intently. Sure enough, you’ll hear them talking about their various afflictions, comparing diseases like football sticker swapsies. Keep listening at this point, because it is guaranteed to turn into a bragging match over who is the most poorly.
*Disclaimer- I received the mention product for review purposes, in no way did this alter my opinion of their products. All opinions expressed are mine and one hundred percent honest and true, your opinion may differ.*
Although some very general links between features of a constitutional structure and economic outcomes seem plausible – it makes sense to suppose that a democratic constitution will make for a less corrupt government than one that provides for no political competition – more specific effects, if there are any, are probably overshadowed by those of all sorts of other factors: culture, geography, international relations, you name it. Political organization of a much “lower” level than constitutional structure – the financing of political parties, the inner workings of a legislature or of executive agencies, etc. – probably matters too, quite possibly no less than the constitutional structure of a polity. It seems to me that it makes more sense to evaluate constitutional structures on with reference to “touchstones of political legitimacy,” to borrow Waldron’s expression, than possible economic outcomes.
The first thing I see is this image:
He’s been making great progress and has had some extremely interesting experiences and things to share.
While substituting this week, it hit me like a ton if bricks.
Born on April 14, 1950, at Fermoy in Co Cork and now based at Greenhills near Naas in Co Kildare, Ted Walsh is a racehorse trainer, journalist and broadcaster with RTE and Channel 4. His father, Ruby, had a public house and kept a livery stable in Fermoy. In 1954 the Walsh family relocated to the United States, but came back to Ireland less than two years later and Ruby rented a yard at Chapelizod, Co Dublin. The Walshes later moved to a farm in Kill, Co Kildare, which Ted has now extended to 60 acres. Walsh was Irish champion amateur jockey on 11 occasions, and rode four Cheltenham Festival winners, including the 1979 Queen Mother Champion Chase on Hilly Way. Commanche Court, who Walsh selected, purchased and trained for owner Dermot Desmond, won the 1997 Triumph Hurdle and completed an amazing double in 2000 when winning the Irish National at Fairyhouse 16 days after Papillon landed the John Smith’s Grand National at Aintree. Both horses were partnered by Walsh’s son Ruby, while another of his children Katie is also a successful jockey with two Cheltenham Festival wins to her name. Walsh’s other daughter Jennifer is agent to Ruby, while his other son Ted Jnr married leading jockey Nina Carberry on February 7, 2012. Ted Walsh’s other training successes include the Bet365 Gold Cup with Jack High in 2005, while Rince Ri won a number of good races for the stable including the Letheby & Christopher Chase at Cheltenham in 2002.
1 packet yeast – fast rising is the easiest
a candlemaker and a mechanic,
4. What’s selling most—fiction or nonfiction? Has a particular demographic embraced the dwarsligger, such as students or businesspeople?
I cannot imagine the strength you must have shown
Baby I'm a want you....Bread
Her: “…ceremony and…”
Moonwalking with Einstein chronicles his journey from novice to participating in the championship in a most entertaining fashion. Along the way he addresses many interesting issues, issues that will be discussed in subsequent posts to the Healthymemory Blog. However, I would advise you against relying on this blog for learning the content of Moonwalking. I cannot do justice to the book. You would be missing a great read.
You start running. You talk to other runners. You read about running in books, blogs and the world wide interweb. You run some more. You have a subscription to Runner’s World. You start becoming that “go-to” person for running questions when you are with non-runners. You run even more. You get hurt and diagnose yourself and know exactly what is wrong with you and know how to fix it. You are an expert…..HA!
In any case, since I am going to be moving away soon, I have to give up my slot in the group project for the next beer to go into the Temperanillo barrel. My slot will be taken over by Mike Wright, the owner of The Commons Brewery (formerly Beetje nano-brewery). The barrel project will still be strictly homebrew, but we did have the advantage of brewing all the wort at The Commons in one day, with a double-batch on the 35+ gallon "Beetje" system (the original nano-brew system from before" Beetje" expanded to a 7-barrel brewery and became "The Commons".
I remember when I was little girl, my mom would never tell me ahead of time when we were going to the doctor. She would just put me in the car under the guise of going somewhere else and then we would end up at the doctors office. I'd scream and holler but was promised a sucker for being good so that made everything better.
You can deposit it into the Bush Radio bank account, with account details as follows:
The New Zealand Council of Homeopaths (NZCH) recently endorsed the findings of a Swiss report which many claim to be the most comprehensive analysis and study of homeopathy ever undertaking by a government. According to the report homeopathic treatment is efficient and cost-effective and should be reimbursed by the Swiss NHS and insurance schemes.
What is your opinion on Holy Week in Spain?
The only thing I have to add was my chance of coming across this guard spawn glitch, which is shown in the header image at the top. To see this in action just select from some of these videos.
I took some artistic liberties...okay....a lot of artistic liberties, with this week's Verve sketch. The one circle became a heart and moved to the left side, the buttons became the bow and the sentiment panel was the magically moving hidden half circle. So I'm bobbing and weaving so the Verve police won't catch me LOL!
Am I throwing hours of my life away? Do I have my priorities straight? Shouldn’t I be doing this other more important task instead?
If I push the illuminated button for 'bananas' and the little sticky tag comes out I expect it to fall in a certain price range.
These symptoms are the result of deep systemic issues. Treating symptoms is necessary and good, but you can’t cure a disease by treating the symptoms.
I also made a batch of GAPS legal macaroons. I ate quite a few of those.
Right. Because I’m so desperate to win at Wii Dance that I would go down the Bane route….
More posts to come soon, hopefully! My sister is visiting for the weekend and we're planning to make shortcake!
In other news recently, I’ve been experiencing something scary in regards to my 18-55mm lens. I will have my camera out, ready to photograph something, but when I go to adjust the zoom ring, it doesn’t always cooperate. Often it “sticks” somewhere in the 35-45 range, but I’ve had it stick in nearly every position now, and only after some delicate prodding will it advance. Occasionally, it won’t. When it won’t move, even after the careful adjusting, I turn off my camera, disconnect the lens from the camera body and peer into the lens to see if there is a visible reason for this occurrence. I didn’t notice anything the first time this happened, but the second time, I noticed that of the 3 rubber strips (not sure what the official name of this part is) that seem to run the length of the lens, 2 of them are bunched up near the top and the third is taut, when the lens is in its full zoomed-out position. What does this mean? It still focuses fine (knocking wood) but it has caused me to miss a shot or two, and clearly isn’t a normal occurrence. As I’m sitting here studying the said lens to better describe it to you, I’m also now noticing something rattling around inside the lens. Ack. This is my main lens, which makes this even more frightening to me when it happens. Any advice for me?
A musician friend told me not so long ago that they couldn’t understand how it was that every time they wanted a new piece of gear they would always find a way to make the funds appear. However when they applied that to their career and other aspects of their life they never seemed to be able to see the goals materialize. I would say that their internal thermometer was set at a level that allowed them to expect purchasing gear to be no problem but that bigger goals were out of their comfort zone, were too high of a heat.
I want to run until I thought my sides were going to split. I want to dream what my husband is going to look like and where we are going to live. I want to get a note passed to me in class. I want to wear a too-short dress and not care, because I can.
It's a start!
In 2008 paleontologists unearthed compelling dinosaur fossil-evidence in southeast Morocco near the Algerian border, in the Sahara Desert. They claimed it was a new type of pterosaur and a previously unknown sauropod. The team also discovered some rare dinosaur footprints in the region, as well as hundreds of dinosaur teeth. I kid you not – read the full story here!
you are a lucky soul.
And many of us will remember the images of bodies dumped on the border, and the statements from organisations including the IRA revealing the ‘touts’ or ‘traitors’ or ‘collaborators’; men and women who had been found out, interrogated and then executed.
The one good thing about heading with extreme speed to Christmas is that my wish list will soon be fulfilled!
And so she lived within the lies,
I picked this up on a whim and I was surprised how good it was. I was expecting a mediocre dystopia because many of the ones I've read lately have been lackluster and disappointing. The Pledge does a lot of things I haven't really read before and compares to adult dystopian novels as well. The big totalitarian government in this case is run by a woman, which isn't typical. It's usually a Hitler-esque dictator or Big Brother, but rarely a tyrannical, manipulative queen. Her male heirs are viewed as essentially useless because the magic, the power, and the respect of the other countries are dependent on a female heir. This is the opposite of how we historically viewed the genders in power and as heirs, and it's even a perspective not seen in science fiction very often. The Queen is seriously creepy and will do anything to ensure her own safety and the prolonging of her reign, including torture and executions. Her ingenuous solution to any kind of revolution is segregating her subjects by the language they speak. The lowest classes only speak one language and each class above that speaks their own language and all of those underneath them. There is literally no way for anyone to move up in this caste system and they don't enjoy any real freedoms. The Pledge of the title is particularly chilling because the inhabitants are forced to put their monarch above anything in their lives. They are expected to turn in dissenters or troublemakers or run the risk of being executed themselves. I was impressed with the world building and how sociopathic the Queen was.
Julia Gray, founder of the London branch of anti street harassment group Hollaback, rather trivialises the issue of violence (thus undermining the intended impact of the legalisation) and is quoted in the Guardian:
From the very beginning the memoir is punctuated with quotes from other books about BPD and journals, songs and other interesting sources, a full bibliography of the sources is given at the end of the book – a great reference list for further reading often amiss in this kind of book. The use of quotations and lyrics was very helpful to me as I often have a habit of relating my feelings and emotions to song lyrics that seem to ‘say’ what I could not put into words for myself and in this book they seem to do a similar thing – giving voice to the things that would be difficult to articulate personally.
We've taken some time to find a good local Tottenham builder, step forward Diamond Build, and we are just finalising the quote with them as we speak. Aaron and his nephew Eddie are involved in each stage of the process and we are making sure it’s going to be exactly the way he likes it.
The horse is on pop dots, and two of the "baby stamps" on the bottom are on pop dots (for the easel card)
Granted my view is tainted by years of betrayal and lies, but I feel more married to my new guy than I have ever felt to the WASband. Fred is more of a husband than the WASband ever was. I love him like crazy and am thankful every day that he is in my life.
To start, we had the Grilled Halloumi Cheese (with Lesvos Ouzo, Oregano, Lemon, & ABC Baguette) and the Orzo’s Caesar (with Garlic Croutons & Spanish White Anchovies). The two pieces of Halloumi, with a light seasoning, were nicely grilled, and there was plenty of thin slices of baguette to spread the cheese atop. The Caesar was huge, and could have easily fed two people, and filled with plenty of fresh produce and the anchovies added a nice touch. For entrees, we chose the Organic Shenandoah Valley Beef & Pork Bolognese atop spaghetti, a hearty and flavorful dish, and the Meyer Ranch Sirloin Steak with Roasted Yukons, Mushrooms, * Oven Dried Tomato-Garlic Butter, another hearty and delicious choice.
My heart cannot remain uncut
I love my mom and I'm glad she's here "in case" but I can't take her constantly harping on me day in and day out about how I'm not doing anything to help my marriage. Without getting into the litany of things I've tried over the last 2.5 years to get my husband to pull his head out of his ass on put us on the same page...let's just say that I'm tired of doing all the work. I'm 9.5 months pregnant. I'm just....tired. Of everything. And I don't have the energy to fight with anyone right now. Not my husband, not my mom, not anyone. Thankfully the husband understands this and is pretty much on his best behavior right now, but every. single. day. my mom is picking a fight with me about something that she doesn't like. I almost wish she wasn't here anymore, except that the second I tell her to go back home I know I'm invoking Murphy's Law and I'll need her to take me to the hospital.
Lyndsey
Sometimes I wish I was one of those people who have quick come-backs. I never do. As I drove toward Mrs. Gordon’s apartment, my anger grew. I could feel its heat move from my stomach up to my chest and into my red face before my eyes began to water. I pounded the steering wheel and yelled inside the car for no one to hear, “I’m not sorry for breaking the law. I’m not sorry for giving someone five dollars that I worked for and can decide who and who not to give it to. I’m not sorry for rolling down my window to try to help someone.”
Seared paté
i slacked a little the last couple weeks of dressember because of our traveling, but nevertheless, here's the last week of dressember. lots of fun- but not good for midwest winters! sorry it's up so late too... we have family coming next week for ian's birthday and it's time we finish unpacking....
I had planned on writing a New Year’s post on the eve or the day of, but it didn’t happen. I had also planned on sharing the books I received this Christmas, but it didn’t happen. To be fair to myself I wasn’t here on New Year’s Eve or New Year’s Day nor even the Friday before. I wasn’t here the day after Christmas either. The holidays always consist of me running around, like a chicken with its head cut off, to various family member’s homes. This year included a close friend’s house too. My daughter and I spent New Year’s Eve at his home, with his family (who are like family to me). Can you believe we’ve known each other for 24 years? The concept was mind-boggling to my daughter, especially when I put it terms of school–I first met my friend in the seventh grade. I told my daughter this when she herself was still in the seventh grade, so you can imagine the look of disbelief on her face.
The image has been teamed with some mega funky papers from the Bazzill Dino-Mite collection... Dragons/Dinosaurs.... they're nearly the same thing, right?! I could have layered these papers up more but
“What if neither of them was your husband? I never saw him before.”
Gosh - when it rains, it pours, huh? My head has been absolutely spinning with all the exciting things happening this week on my little 'ol blog! I don't know how all this wonderful blog love is showering down upon me, but it sure feels nice!
Apatow, 42, was entering Interstate 84 in Newtown when the cruiser appeared, and he had no idea what he’d done to merit police attention. It turns out he didn’t do anything.
Perez continued, “Thankfully though, a rep says that she had to get a few stitches, nothing too major. People were speculating why Miley was in the hospital, and thankfully it’s not too major.”
saturated with secrets
That she never found at home
Brian wrote to me asking the following:
Those unpublished manuscripts lie in a drawer somewhere filled with delicious possibility.
thing didn’t work too well for her did it?” Thorn said. She let out a big
Toe is misbehaving.
" Sure thing! What is your e-mail address?"
My colleague laughed.
Dutch children in queer wooden shoes. joined hands with shy Chinese.
Well, I thought that the “return of the native”, as it were, might produce some interesting reflections, so why not share them with anybody who thinks it worth their time to read them.
From my story "Big Girls Do Cry" which you can read in full in Curvy Girls. You would not believe the number of men who think that just because I’m a big girl, a voluptuous size 16 who isn’t afraid to show off all my assets, that what I’m put on this earth for is to beat their bottoms silly. I’m sure there are plenty of women who get off on that—because I’ve seen them in action and heard plenty of stories—but having a naked, eager, collared man at my feet just isn’t for me. I’m not offended by it or anything, it just doesn’t turn me on, just like some people prefer rocky road and some prefer vanilla. I like my road to be rocky—as long as someone else is doing the rocking.
As it turns out, bishops aren't the perfect, judgement-passing machines that I'd imagined. Neither, I suppose, are teachers, bosses or police officers. They're all people just like me, trying to do the best that they can. Whatever horrible mistakes I think I've made, most people can relate to it. That's the beauty of the human condition-nobody is "better" than anyone else because we've all failed at something. Of course, that doesn't mean that I no longer pee my pants whenever I have to talk to somebody awesome. It just means that if I DO pee my pants, they'll probably laugh.
this song is a balls-out rendition of a song called "The Castration Of Strawberry Roan", about some poor goddamn horse...damn, yo....
Then again it’s pretty much my fault for leaving my phone on in times like this.”
New Orders Since end of day 09/30/2011, still outstanding as of end of day 10/31/2011
This is one of the most vivid dreams I’ve ever had in my life. It is one of three I remember distinctly even now, and comes from the period where I rarely dreamed or remembered them. This dream disturbed me so that I doubt that I will ever forget it, for various reasons.
With her new friends and interests, will Sam finally feel able to face the
When those who hate us brag of the reality they forced upon us, they are no better than the rapist who taunts his victim with the reality of her rape, for that too was taken without consent.
another day. To believe you will find it
I can adjust the fonts to be as large as I need them to be
1/2 cup uncooked brown rice
Supposedly, the ancient philosopher Socrates, after much deep consideration, once said to his protege’ Plato: “It may be that God can forgive sin, but I don’t see how…” He was describing a real problem. God is just. We have sinned. God forgives sinners. But where did His justice go? Or: God is love. God gives us justice. But where did His love go?
Vitamin B Factor – See Biotin.
After this experience I wanted nothing more than to go home. Maybe I should resign myself to this new attitude of every sort of commerce has a right to my data. I cannot. It deeply offends me. When exactly did I have to forfeit my rights to privacy in order to shop?
While government policies supporting private enterprise have been a significant factor in the economic prosperity of Western nations, the notion that support for democratic institutions and social justice are also important foundations is widely shared. Most of my libertarian opponents subscribe to the economic theories of Milton Friedman and argue that unfettered free markets are the only way to achieve a just society. When pressed, most will concede such an economic system is not compatible with representative democracy. Exactly how one could judge whether a society was just, when its members lack the power to chose its leaders, remains a sticky question.
But something just felt wrong. I am no stranger to violence, nor am I opposed to it as vehemently as some of my more politically progressive friends are. I grew up violently, and have achieved a relative level of comfort with the act and all of the attendant spiritual mess that comes with it. I’ve been shot, stabbed; have a permanent scar in the back of my head from fighting racist skinheads—but this is my story, not my daughter’s. She (hopefully) will never have to live through one percent of the evil that I did.
I wish that I had a real update to give everyone. I wish that we could be celebrating another step closer to our Sweet Joshua, instead......we are still waiting. Waiting is hard work. Waiting is exhausting. It would be so much easier to be doing something. Soon, soon I hope we will have news of progress--but for now we wait, and we trust in God and we quietly ache for Joshua who still does not know how he is loved. Oh, how he is loved! I long to snuggle him into me and kiss his precious cheeks and whisper love to him--each day that slips by with out a family is another day too long. Soon, soon, Darling Boy!
Well I wasn't actually going to craft today as we kind of had a late night last night at our school auction but I sat down at my desk to check email and my crafting facebook page and saw this post about the Market Street Stamps Block Party. They have a really cute digi stamp they were giving away and I really wanted to get in on the action! So next thing I knew, I was checking my Market Street Stamps to see what I could come up with, pulling up the current MOJO Monday sketch for inspiration, and printing out my new digi to color!
"Hello Emily", he called over as he started walking towards her. "Are you and Ellie enjoying this new snow?"
Just for one day I would love to wake up and not feel the urge to dash out of bed and get cracking!! It is hard being hyper-active you know!!! LOL!!!
Enter the snake oil salesmen.
Patrick Breen is wonderful as the eccentric and anachronistic Nick. His Texan dialect – which helps to play into the Americana of the entire film – is pitch perfect, and he plays his character with absolute sincerity. Breen also has a charisma about him that is perfect for Nick, which is a nod to an excellent casting decision. Alexandra Chando plays the 16-year-old Gloria with just as much charisma and sincerity as Breen, but is that much eerier simply because of the age of her character. Chando, although a 25-year-old actress, is able to play a high school girl believably, and gives the role a sense of maturity that might otherwise be missing with a younger actress. Though both Richard Bekins and Betsy Aidem do well with what they’re given, and share an excellent chemistry as the mother and father, it would’ve been great to see their roles developed a bit further.
As for Engelke, I had no idea. She makes me ashamed to have ever been on stage. She has something going on the entire time, fills each moment with life, fills each beat with some angle of business, is determined never to bore us for a second, and doesn’t. Her “French accent” is surprisingly good. While it wouldn’t fool a diplomat, it’s good enough for the purposes of comedy. And, as will surprise no one, her singing voice is terrific. I hope she gets many more opportunities to display her multifarious talents on the boards; that would be something like justice.
The Natural Resources Defense Council’s request to ban 2,4-D was denied by the United States Environmental Protection Agency. Jim Gray, executive director of the Industry Task Force II on 2,4-D research data said, “This has been one of the most widely used and successful herbicides in history and growers along with other users around the U.S. and the world can continue to use it with confidence.”
I've been reading The Far Pavilions which is set in 19th century India and they travel for weeks through hot lands. I've seen lots of information on early explorers of Austrailia, they rode camel or horses through this arid place, taking much longer than our three days so far. And Mrs Nesbit, your story of riding 500miles in one day to catch the ferry inspired me. Today Jeremy drove us over 500km. We decided to just push on and on and it was fine. It even stopped being boring once we crossed the border into the Northern Territory. We made up a whole day and tomorrow we will see Uluru which is very exciting. Alice Springs is back on the itinerary and I've told myself to stop whinging.
Copy and paste what I said about Pound the Alarm for Automatic. Club setting, blah, blah, blah… although I have to give props to a well-constructed bridge on this one.
Why? Because the family wasn’t there. N and her boyfriend are living the life that I worked to earn and I am stuck here in Dundee too broke to go out for a pint without mooching off my friends.
I want to bring up a concern that I’ve had regarding your lore department. I’ve played Dungeons and Dragons, a slew of RPGs, and all of that, and what powered me through all of those games was the story-line.
I’d had a pretty terrible cough for quite a while and, like too many men, I pretty much ignored it the best I could. It was just a cough. It was just annoying. I was very wrong.
-Macedonia
Oh, back to reality. Yes, so after that lovely wine date we followed up the next week with lunch and perhaps another walk.
Snow Day Snow Angel
I turned to my business partner and said loudly that this was my greatest frustration with this bank – that every person I spoke to seemed to give me a different answer; and this was not the first time.
At one point, as the plane came down to land, Coco was screaming her lungs out on one side of the plane and Lucien was retching into an Air France barf bag on the other. Alex and I stared wide-eyed at each other across the aisle like, "IS THIS FER REAL?"
The body is our physical representation. In the same way, Jesus is the physical representation of God. “The Word became flesh and made his dwelling among us. We have seen his glory, the glory of the One and Only, who came from the Father, full of grace and truth.” John 1:14 (NIV).
And I have discovered podcasts.
Everything seemed as normal as I remembered it, and I was able to give double units of platelets. What I didn’t realize is that because it was approximately a year since my last platelet donation, this time was like my first. The body sort of gets used to it with time, and by that I mean this: Your initial donation usually has, um, side effects, and everyone is different in this. The most common thing to happen while undergoing the procedure is a tingly feeling in your lips and face. For this, they give you TUMS, calcium supplements, which really does alleviate that feeling. When donating, they use an anticoagulant such as sodium citrate. A very good post with information is here. I had a very good phlebotomist this time and was reminded of the time at a different hospital when the phleb. messed up both of my arms and I could not donate at all that day… got me really mad because it was quite a drive for me during the end of the day commute craziness.
I feel like that all the time.
On Sundays, both the Bx1 and the Bx2 are local; each bus runs no more often than every 12 minutes (joined 6-7 minute headway).
I’ve got to tell you one quick story. The scenes between Uncle Dom and Joe in the cooler are very intense. Armand, although I don’t think he would call himself a method actor, because he’s a hit-your-mark, say-your-lines old pro. But he would work himself up to that tension, that power.
Toonga - 37"x 40"
He escorts Liam to the front of the diner, where the body lies underneath the tarp.
Elliot Smith – Either/Or + From a Basement on a Hill
Christian clergy and Muslim imams were executed.
We was wrong. Both still living in the 60’s.
P.S. I hate even having to add this part but please remember that all patterns provided are for personal use only. Please do not reprint them to sell or make creations from them to sell unless asking my permission first. Also, if you make something from the pattern and show it off to your friends, family, and people you meet on the street, please let them know where you found this pattern and many others. A little credit would be greatly appreciated! Thanks!
In fire
as we can clearly see
And, lastly, a clean grill helps cooked foods taste better.
Allow the steamed flour to cool by laying it on a wide plate.
Oh it just thundered. Storm? sounds good to me. Just keep the tornados away!!
9. 3/21/2010. Working. Meditating on class issues and a sense of being outside. I think again at this point I was shut out of Ph.D. programs the second year in a row.
Here a a few of my favorites for the year:
Dear Track Santa,
Kohls has several Toys on sale. Save an extra 15% off select toys in cart + 20% off with promo code SPRING2SAVE. Shipping is $0.99 per item, or free shipping with $50 or more with
I'd like to think that a teen can both exercise and be in shape and be on a sport team and be interested in science and technology and do work with a robotics team that does activities that do not happen in the school (or homeschool) science classroom. However I am now doubtful.
The next experiments used several clonal lines of Plasmodium chabaudi in mice. Six clonal lines were isolated and cultured, and the authors discovered that sex ratio varied over the course of infection for all. Three followed a similar pattern, but the other three showed their own unique time-course of sex ratios. This demonstrates genetic influence upon sex ratio in different strains, possibly adaptive variation. They discovered also that sex ratio is related to the level of anemia in the host. This is consistent with previous observations and with predictions. A female-biased sex ratio in combination with anemia in the host could lead to too few males being ingested by the insect vector to fertilize all of the females ingested. Thus, selection should favor tilting the sex ratio towards more males in the presence of host anemia. This was consistently shown to be true.
Not in all this heat!
Have you ever listened to a song and felt a shift in your chest? An emotional twinge like a too-strong heartbeat, brought on by lyrics that seem to speak directly to you? Songwriting — good songwriting — is like poetry. You have to be an incredible writer to create such characters, to tell such story in a few short stanzas. But this post isn’t about poetry. Not really. It’s about the power in words.
Top and Skirt - Gap
I would LOVE, LOVE, LOVE to have a Kindle Fire or a Nook, but those are expensive. So, I’ll settle for the phone. It works.
Santa smiled and leaned down to his sack. “Well, let’s just look here and see if I have anything for you.”
Four doors down, he noticed a For Sale sign in the front garden. “This must be it,” he muttered out loud, “Nicola did say it was a new neighbour.” He walked up to the front door and rang the doorbell. There was no sound. Bell was broken. He knocked, hard.
I cannot reverse the damage that was done to her in China. I cannot blame her birth mother, the malnutrition, the neglect in the orphanage, the lead and salmonella poisoning she suffered there. Whatever the reasons, despite it all, Kerri is here today, as healthy as possible, and bringing joy to our lives. So I will put a smile on my face even though I feel like crying, and will brush myself off and gain perspective again. And be grateful for what we do have, and all that we can still achieve.
There is beautiful Sand Dunes right at the beach and Sunset there was so amazing. I took so many pictures there(I am also a photographer) and I loved all my shots there! I recommend this location to everyone! Soooo beautiful and magical.
There are two myths that are very popular in these circles. The first is that there are several eco-friendly technologies that provide alternatives to conventional energy generation, but they are not being used only because of a conspiracy on the part of evil and greedy governments and corporations.
Then I gave it a quick coat with the base color again. The top is textured and I wanted to keep the lines crisp, this way the base coat fills all the cracks instead of the pattern color. I didn't let it dry all the way before applying the leaf color - which was the base color mixed with white.
The new Saudi princes of Erne and Breiffne
Traded to other pimps
We chose to do a wrapped canvas, which means that the photo wraps around the edges of the canvas.
And oh my god, that overdub on the interview? I totally lost it. So not only does it make you think a little bit about the ridiculousness of racism and hypocrisy surrounding it, it does so in a hilarious way. This sketch also perfectly shows the importance of starting the show off with a bang, because you’ll see the laughter has a trickle-down effect.
I put self-adhesive magnets on the back and attached a super-strong disc magnet to the Santa face, which is a small Christmas tree ornament. Ta-Da ... a Christmas countdown calender is born! :)
If I keep to the facts, I can keep it together. Thank goodness when kind, well intentioned people ask, the question is usually, "how's your dad?" That way I can stick strictly to the facts.
Surprise, surprise, the NY Times publishes an opinion piece arguing that success isn't due to luck. Two excerpts: Mr. Gates wasn’t the only person who knew how to program in Basic; the language was developed a decade earlier by Dartmouth professors, and it was widely known by 1975, used in academics and industry. And what about all the master’s and Ph.D. students in electrical engineering and computer science who had even more computer expertise than Mr. Gates on the day the Popular Electronics article appeared? Any could have decided to abandon their studies and start a personal computer software company. And computer experts already working in industry and academia could have done the same.
"You were a tomato! A tomato doesn't have logic! It can't move!"
ELICIA BERGER is a freelance writer, editor, and storyteller. By day, she writes smart-sounding things for the United Nations and the Huffington Post. By night, she spews her various neuroses onto the page to delight and appall readers and audiences alike. She can be seen performing in various storytelling shows throughout the city such as RISK!, TOLD, and The Liar Show. To learn about Elicia's upcoming shows, check her out at eliciaberger.com.
You put one foot in front of the other and walk – you keep doing this method until you’ve walked a mile.
Answer: Acceptable, as long as you had filled up the form with your signature on it. (Note: I've seen this, whereby others actually brought passports without the applicants' presence.)
You too could come meet new friends face to face!
~ The Innocence Mission, Some Clear Joy is Coming
The train passed into a tunnel. All the bright fluorescent lights flicked off except one, an emergency strip, further down the carriage. Ben looked at the ticket inspector, il-lit by that one bulb, and in the semi darkness Ben thought he saw the man's face sliding downwards. The corners of the his mouth seemed to edge towards the floor. His face was melting, peeling, revealing a white bloodsoaked skull. And the clatter of wheels over rails rattled and punched his ear-drums.
Coen’s eccentric genius is revealed again in THE DAY THE WORLD ENDS (Broadway Paperbacks Original, on sale April 3, 2012), a collection of poems that offers humor and provides insight into an artist who has always pushed the boundaries of his craft. THE DAY THE WORLD ENDS is a remarkable range of poems that are as funny, ribald, provocative, raw, and often touching as the brilliant films that have made the Coen brothers cult legends.
he makes me an asker & a learner.
Subway into Busan. Destination: Gwangalli Beach. People People it is 5 p.m. the beach is half full. The streets are half full.
my secret won't stay hidden
Charles Swan (Swan Turton) had the same musings - and emailed me. Charles has written an interesting piece in the context of advertising slogans. You can see his bulletin on the subject here: http://www.swanturton.com/ebulletins/archive/CopyrightInAdvertisingSlogans.aspx
At first I was at a quandary as to what to sew for her. I really don't have many girls patterns (size 10/12) in my pattern stash from the big 4. As a matter of fact, I think the count is 4. So, I went on the net looking for tween patterns. What came up in my search were Farbenmix and Pink Fig patterns. Score. I already had them in my stash. Woo-hoo! The largest size on these patterns is 11, but I do believe that it will be easy enough to size up when the need arises.
I have to give us credit for that in the communication department. If one of us brings something troublesome to the other’s attention, we deal with it and move on. Now, when he fucks up major, I am noticeably cranky, but I typically just need time to move on. Either that or he needs to make amends better.
So, here’s to major life changing events, eh?
Vintage pink candleholders/flower frogs are marked USA
Like 'clean your room, for the love'.
10/22/2010 BUY 0.01 xauusd 1325.96 10/26/2010 1340.05 +14.09
The Bumbleride Indie Twin was Bumbleride’s first side-by-side double stroller. The Indie Twin is known as the Cadillac of double strollers and can comfortable accommodate infants and older children. The way the Indie Twin is configures with it’s independent seats allows it to be tailored to each passengers needs whether they are the same or different sizes! Each side of the stroller can be customized by adjusting the canopies, backrests, and footrests for each passenger. The dual swivel wheels on the Bumbleride Indie Twin stroller allow for extra maneuverability and stability. The Indie Twin easily fits through standard doorways.
A quote attributed (dubiously) to Mark Twain has it that "A lie can go halfway around the world while truth is getting its boots on." And that was before the Internet. There was a classic example of this yesterday, when a story so grotesque, bizarre, and appalling that you'd think no one would believe it without evidence (and there was none) managed to turn up in print media and all over the Internet before a few intrepid souls noticed that there was no credible sourcing to the story. It's a case study in the down side of instant 24/7 reporting, and it tells us something about the tendency for Western media to believe absolutely anything about Islamists. Even this, from the (usually) respectable, liberal, Huffington Post, which is less sensational than some of the reports:
Monday: Zumba Night!! Smart Ones Chicken Enchilada
My movie is 'Across the Universe'.
the question.
-All public appearances shall require the candidate to provide lunch, shade and the media shall not have any cameras, or any other device which records the event.
For some of us, maybe it’s not about Pop… Something or someone that comes out of nowhere and goes back to nowhere just as quick… I mean there’s a reason I’m still listening to Janis Joplin, John Lennon, and Johnny Cash… And why many of today’s songs come and go so quickly.
It was good to see the rest of the family. But I have to admit I'm still tired. I decided to tackle the hallway yesterday which is a small part of what I yet want to clean out. I have the hallway closet still and then my craft/computer room. I haven't felt up to doing it and now that I do, I need to be getting ready for the holidays instead - but how do you do that when the most important room to the holidays (craft room) is a mess???? LOL! It'll all work out.
I will not go into the finer technical details of why the lawnmower refused to start, except to say that I strongly suspect sabotage. I also suspect that the black dude presumes that I know this, otherwise he would not have intimidated me by reminding me that he knows exactly where I live and where I park my car, and that I better keep quite about the incident.
Also, I knew I had a blast with the group encaustic exhibit in September, The Whole Ball of Wax, curated by Andrea Bird and Lisa-Beth Glassman in Toronto; so I thought it would be great to find another venue in Toronto. Hence, I am busy working on an April showing at Arts on King, Toronto, Ontario. This exhibit opens April 1st to April 30th, 2011. Working title for this show is, "Figment, Fancy & Flight", I am very excited about both shows and actively working on new work. So here is where the balancing of many hats, or rather eggs, (more fitting for me), comes in. Between, making sure all your marketing tools are ship shape, website, facebook, blog(s), artist statement, cv, bio, photographing your images, or making space and time to get them professionally photographed, connecting with the venues, or those you are collaborating with, it feels like the space to create can get squished in...well for me this didn't seem acceptable or the fit didn't feel balanced....So I have decided, I would tackle the website, blog, cv/bio/statement during off hours (really are there any 'off' hours ??? - maybe those wee hours of sleep/dream time) and the creating of new art work during the day in the studio.
John Zuccotti, Co-Chair of Brookfield Properties, is also on the board of another Brookfield Asset Management’s subsidiary, Wellpoint Health Networks. In 2009, one of WellPoint’s honchos testified before Congress that his company routinely and wrongfully denied claims to its health insurance policyholders.
If you have another version of Photoshop, and want some basic knowledge... I would go ahead and give this a try. I mean, what do you have to lose? It's FREE!
It’s 10:00pm on Sunday night and I am outside on the balcony, under a blanket, watching the Atlantic react to the change in weather.
Had a great evening last night and I almost did not want to leave! It is amazing how much time women put into getting ourselves together for an event! From hair…make up…to jewelry and also my pin and flower!
The achievement in getting this issue together is a tribute to the combined efforts of the two guest editors, Miguel Ángel Medina González (Elzaburu, Spain) and Keri Johnston (Johnston & Wassenaar, Toronto). The two have managed to do this while separated by thousands of miles of ocean, several time zones and entirely different legal cultures. Both are influential members of MARQUES, a leading European trade mark organisation. Miguel Ángel, a MARQUES Council Member, is Chair of its Geographical Indications Team while Keri, who has been on the MARQUES Geographical Indications Team since 2007, is currently its Vice Chair.
Stamps: Sailing Away, Teeny Tiny Wishes (sentiment), Happy Birthday (inside sentiment)
When we embrace humility
My DD had her photo retakes at school today, so that put me in the mood to scrap her school photos from last year! I know, I am far behind, but again, if you read my post on Wednesday, you would know that I have now made four pages in the last five days, which is more than I have made in the last 4 years! I'll catch up....I am determined to!
Will: I don’t hate the elderly but they are
In a strange twist of fate, the WordPress spellcheck went out of whack before I published this so I may have just come down on the stupid side hard. I expect everyone will be nitpicking my grammatical errors since I have not the time nor the inclination to remember how things are actually supposed to be without a computer editor.
My seminary career has been long and it has been hard. One of the hardest things has been staying afloat money wise. There have honestly been months when I didn’t know if I was going to be able to afford to feed myself. I could either pay a bill or eat that week.
Rocky S’ very gothic collection had the models with wildly flowing disheveled hair defiantly striding with an aggressive walk to loud somber music. The all-western line of creations had varying lengths encrusted with crystals and sequins avec an array of glitters.
I then broke out the spray paint and painted mine and my daughter's mirrors Rustoleum Heritage White and my husband and boys' mirrors Krylon Bright Red. I had black vinyl silhouettes made to represent each member of our family and placed them on the mirrors.
10 Tell Me What You Think 4:56
December 7 - Harry Morgan, actor (Officer Bill Gannon on "Dragnet"), 96
Terrell, 33, is charged with misdemeanor domestic battery. He looked to the floor and shook his head in Cook County bond court as a prosecutor summarized the allegations against him.
So... my lunch is usually the same thing every day. Its all of my favorites that all the boys (hubby included) at home thinks is gross. It is NOT!
"The good Lord gave you a body that can stand most anything. It's your mind you have to convince"-Vince Lombardi‎
However, this was before 9/11 and in the light of that event it seemed inappropriate. We didn't want it to look like we were cashing in on the misery of it, or, perhaps worse, that we were just trying to be controversial...which would have been a bit boring...so we scrapped it. Then things just kind of fizzled out before we even started. I guess that's the opposite of serendipity, whatever that might be.
Thanks very much Elaine, I am delighted with it all!
Find me God, find this empty place
Love for horses, Love for gems
it's not that it's 'time to stop mourning'. part of me will always be mourning. but we have a chance at a living child, and whatever happens, we still have each other. this last 14 months has been incredibly hard for us as a couple, and this next 14 months will be, too. but the last couple of months, i've been really realising quite how much i love this guy. realising that he has always been there, even when he hasn't understood my grief. realising that if we can come through this amount of shit and still love each other and be happy as a couple, then we can (probably) get through anything. i'm bloody lucky, in many ways. except for the babyloss thing.
At mortal men and faerie changelings.
I have written before that my recent eye problems have all but ruined my love of reading. Any more than a 30 minute session (sometimes less) now leads to painful eye strain and (even more) blurred vision, which can last for days. Reading a good novel is fairly useless now, as it just takes so long to do it that I've forgotten the early parts of the story before I reach the end! So these days I try to look out for collections of short stories, anecdotes etc etc (suggestions always welcome)... My trusty love of comics has also been a a great help - things that I can read for half an hour or so and perhaps not pick up again for a while without it mattering (although I do so miss getting involved in a nice, long complex novel).
I'll need to get the right detergent and wash all her blankets and clothes, refold every tiny sock, pack them up and take them to my parents' home where we'll all stay for the first little while. This means, of course, that I need to vacuum and clean out the van so it doesn't contaminate her in all her glorious newness. Bathe the dogs so they don't shed overmuch and thus recontaminate recently uncontaminated spaces.
I had a teammate who missed his senior football season not because of grades, or an injury. Chris was on his way to football practice that June morning like many mornings before and summers before. 7:30 weights and conditioning Monday, Wednesday, Friday every week, every summer. June 19, 2006 my teammates lives, my coach’s lives, my classmates’ lives, and Chris and his family’s lives were changed forever. He fell asleep at the wheel on his way to practice and the minivan he was driving crossed the yellow line into the path of a tractor-trailer. The truck driver did everything he could to avoid the collision even rolling his semi, but the collision was of such force that it is believed Chris was killed on impact. Pictures of the scene showed the engine of the minivan not in its normal spot in the front of the vehicle, but in the back seat. He didn’t stand a
Hops are in my opinion the most pleasurable vegetal matter known to mankind, they can be anything to the senses; fruity, piney, spicy, sweet, citrussy, lemony, pithy, earthy, tangy & floral, to name but a few characteristics. But as with all naturally grown products they are completley at the mercy of mother nature on how they grow, yield, taste, smell etc, just like any fruit or vegetable you would buy.
What maybe I found most encouraging about the book is how a church in Columbus, Georgia did not write Karen off, in the midst of her sin after her profession of faith, even through the time when she had an abortion. And how God did not write this family off, who were “dysfunctional” in large part, ripped asunder at the loss they really never should get fully over. How in the end they make the best of things as they know how. How God preserved Karen for her husband and family to be, as well as her work in journalism and writing.
Before Dominican, these students came from pretty different worlds.
This auction has raised awareness about backyard chickens and how these birds can have intelligence and personalities. You provide a safe home for them and they provide you with entertainment and breakfast. Not a bad trade-off.
Let’s be honest: we’ve all been there. I suffer from a condition I like to call “beefy thumb,” which renders a solid chunk of my text messages incomprehensible to all but my close friends thanks to mistyped letters. With that second keyboard in place though, the boundaries of each key will subtly change to ensure that users are actually hitting the keys that they intend to.
Could this be why “The Obama Narrative” has “Obama’s” mother arriving in Indonesia, when “Barry” is that age?
Dr Chua had warned the Chinese community against supporting DAP, claiming a vote for the secular, majority Chinese party would only empower Islamist PAS.
Bonappetito!
part of composition. She's vigorously and flamboyantly seized
Making new female friends at this age has to happen organically (through work, class, a volunteer group, or any place where you have shared interests and relationships build naturally). If it doesn’t, you’ll look like you are a lesbian trying to pick a girl up and send the wrong message.
I did wrong, it’s not easy being from here
A few of the luxurious green cars that did not get this to record are the Audi A6 2 . 0T Premium and also the Infiniti M35h. Even though are generally competitively elegant, their own price ranges involving $40, 000 to be able to $60, 000 usually do not warrant their utilize. For one, they have less gas efficiency ratings than a $10, 000 vehicle in thirty-three and 32 mpg, correspondingly. If you wish to safe energy performance and also the best value get, you don’tneed to give up a great deal for an attractive form.
Why is actress Gabrielle Anwar, who plays former IRA bomber Fiona on the spy show Burn Notice, standing next to My Love?
Electric cars, magnet-powered telekinesis, morphing bras and mankinis: it’s all in there.
¼ cup of garlic powder
Naylor doesn’t want to dwell on the suspension from a position she’s held at the downtown Minneapolis basilica for 15 years, but says attention to it could help with her project. “It will draw more attention to the DVD to art project,” she told the Minnesota Independent on Sunday.
In respect of the first question, whilst the sad decline of a number of the chicks due to the terrible weather over the weekend has made difficult viewing, the option of intervening hasn’t really been seriously considered by our conservation team for a number of reasons. Firstly, these are wild birds, nesting in a location of their own choice, and whilst we do have the privilege of watching the family’s progress or possible decline, we don’t feel it would be right to directly interfere with the brood. If we had tried to remove some of the chicks there would also have been the possibility that the adults may have abandoned the nest and any remaining healthy chicks.
Enjoy the pictorial description of my wonderful weekend!
Now we were moving on to the piece that had the potential to get heated. Did I realize that my tardiness rate had increased this year? “Hunh,” I said. And I didn’t seem to have the drive to pursue certain projects that I used to. “Ha,” I chuckled. My initiative to seek out pages to read was noticeably sagging. “Well,” I offered, “you know how it is …”.
Red hot blood like sweet velvet wine,
I just write as me and as words come out.
I ate 7 of them and I regret...
Stephen Garcia – QB – South Carolina – Never, in recent memory, has so much of a team’s fate rested on the backs of one player as the Gamecocks on Garcia. He has the physical tools, the team around him (including Lattimore and Alshon Jeffrey), but he lacks the consistency needed at the QB position. His stock continues to fall in his inability to provide solid play for his team.
In the course of some reading this afternoon in preparation for a blog post on Matthew 13, I read the following paragraphs from Capon’s wonderful book The Parables of the Kingdom.
We'd get to town and buy a soda or some candy bars. We never met any girls. The main point however was that we beat the system.
I kissed him out of the blue, because I felt something and wanted to make sure I wasn’t crazy. Now, Alan tells me that the first night we met, he thought I was a lesbian, and the kiss completely took him by surprise.
Drink: Espresso. A company called Sweetwater makes a blend called Black Dog -- it'll put hair on your chest. I love it, it's like rocket fuel.
Jen DeGolier was one of the most prolific lighting designers working in Twin Cities theatre. She went from show to show, project to project. Small theaters, big theaters, universities, often working on overlapping productions.
I decided I wanted to go to Culinary School and become a chef, only to find out my passion was actually the dessert part of the culinary world. While learning everything there is to know about meat, seafood, poultry, soups, stocks , and sauces , I could only daydream about pastries. After graduating in 1999 with my culinary degree I decided to work in a hotel in the Pastry Dept. I learned so much in the time that I was there and the hours were grueling. Sometimes 16 hour days, nights, weekends, and holidays. After 3 years I was completely exhausteed and needed a change. I then decided to hit the bakery scene. This is where I found my true love...cake decorating. I think I shocked myself with an artistic ability I never knew I had. So, this is where my story begins about a life full of motherly duties and cake decorating/designing. Until next time.
That’s what he told me. I was in the fortunate position of being able to talk to a contact who had spent his life in a series of management roles and directorships, and was able to give me the very first pieces of advice that I could use to get myself started: a business needs a website, and a business needs direction. And the direction comes from a mission statement, which can be achieved with half a dozen strategic goals, each of which will have objectives, each of which will need strategies, each of which will require targets. And suddenly I was thinking big.
It's such a beautiful thing to get to really really enjoy our children's company. One at a time or all together. Because we travel a lot and in our travels see loads of different households, and because I have been hanging out with families for decades, long before I began having children myself, I know that it's all too common for most parents to only have those moments when our children are asleep.
The bike fit as a whole was money well spent! By the end of the session (2 hours) I felt completely different on my bike and didn’t realize that I was in an uncomfortable position to begin with. After the fit I felt as though my body was just resting on my bike with all the contact points being supported. I have a long ride scheduled for this Sunday so I cannot wait to get out there and see what a difference this makes.
Then one day,
Be curious. Be open. Be present. And then, you will be happy.
However, my little boy's love of the mall comes with certain conditions. When we go, we have to ride the elevator at least a half a dozen times, we have to ride several of the 50 cent kiddie car rides, and we have to go on the trackless train ride. Oh, a stop for ice cream usually has to be on the agenda too. So, while Mommy may get about 30 to 40 minutes of shopping done...she spends the other 40 minutes to an hour satisfying Little Lewie's requests...
- 2tbsp chopped scallions
The Design Team for Gina K. Designs welcomes you to another fabulous Inspiration Blog Hop!!! Gina and the Design Team will inspire you with many beautiful ideas! And as you hop through their blogs, make sure to leave a comment on each of them because we will choose a few random comments and those stampers will each win a grab bag of deeply etched, pre-cut Gina K. Designs stamps! To see the full list of winners check the Big News forum at Stamp TV a couple of days after the hops!!
Beej and Tanuj are from Chapel Hill NC, USA, they are the best of friends who have traveled halfway around the world just to say hi. The value in our friendship has culminated well over a decade, so what kind of friend would I be if I didn’t take them to a wet market.
¾ fluid ounces blue curaçao
My family returned from another fun weekend in Traverse City, probably the most beautiful place on earth you’ve never heard of. The area has vineyards, cherry and peach orchards, islands, peninsulas, sand dunes, Petoskey stones, and a vast, unsalted ocean. It’s Tuscany with water.
Jeda Leavelle is among those kids. She’s 8 years old and has been playing chess for five years. “Once you know what you’re doing, it’s not that hard,” the Larchmont Elementary second-grader said.
Serve with chopped corriander or Thai basil leaves and spring onions!
Rumour has it a certain well-known spicy fried chicken chain in the US uses Sprite or 7-Up instead of buttermilk. I don't know if it's true but if you want to try it, it will start the baking soda in the flour reacting faster so be sure to get rolling and cutting and in the oven quickly.
"You took your time! You found that dog then?"
it sounds as if
"It is sadly something we can all agree on: we were all stiffed," said state Senator Velmanette Montgomery, in a statement read by staffer Jim Vogel. "I applaud them for standing up and saying what was done to them was wrong."
I don't know if I will ever see it. The book was so tragically sad, that I don't know if I can handle two hours of reliving it on film.
“The next morning defendant’s girlfriend found the three of them in Birmingham asleep in the truck all covered in mud and blood. The defendant told her they got blood on them from a dog.
Thigh-high socks.
They sing for him.
First, we looked through the extensive wine list for a nice red to go with our meal. There are bottles to go with anybody’s budget, low to high. We stuck with a nice $38 bottle of 2006 Masi Campofiorin from Verona. It was a nice bold red, but not too overpowering, with plenty of dark fruit flavors and a hint of chocolate at the finish. The perfect match to this was the Scena Antipasti that I ordered. House-made mozzarella lay before me, covered in a wonderful tomato jam. Next to that was an eggplant caponata whose smoky taste came from some pignolas. Add in some prosciutto di parma, two slices of parmesan, and sopresetta and I was feeling good. I give my compliments to the chef for this because the cheese and meat was fresh. There’s nothing worse than getting poor quality meats and cheeses in your antipasta…I think we’ve all had that experience. Kristien enjoyed the Crispy Fried Artichoke Salad with goat cheese, arugula, and pumpkin seed pesto. The salad was a perfect blend of ingredients and textures, though the pesto stood out in a good way and brought the whole starter together.
Ⓥ: the first part describes what it excludes, all forms of exploitation, and cruelty to, animals for food, clothing or any other purpose.
“She had them apple bottom jeans (jeans), boots with fur (with the fur) the whole club was lookin at her
It is important to remember that not all companies who claim their software contains adware are really offering adware. There is always a chance that adware is spyware in disguise so to speak, and that programs with embedded spyware may not state its existence at all. Always stay on the side of caution and be sure to research privacy policies and licensing agreements that come with freeware. You should also become familiar with Internet lists of companies reported to be using spyware. Much like a firewall or anti-virus program, anti-spyware software is crucial to maintain optimal protection and security on your computer and network.
I think when you quantify something, you're only setting yourself up for failure. Life happens, and sometimes date night turns into a date morning where you skip exercising and go eat donuts instead.
Well, when I was young (I’ve always wanted to say that), we didn’t use chalk half of the time. We used the edge of a sandstone rock to draw our pattern. We would then use a flat rock as a marker. To be honest, we never thought about using coins. It just never crossed our minds.We were tickled half to death if someone just happened to have a piece of chalk with them. Chalk was a luxury. I would have stolen a piece of chalk from school, but the nuns would have hammered my knuckles with a ruler and then let me know that chalk stealers always go to hell.
Forgive them anyway.
“Naturally he was shocked and alarmed,” says Prendergast. “We realized that this kind man could have his life turned upside down if he was forced to go through the exhaustive process of rectifying the title to the home he had lived in for over 30 years. Knowing what was at stake left us even more determined to do everything we could.”
When Fredrik Reinfeldt became party leader in 2003, he made Borg his right-hand man. It seemed a gamble at the time, but his faith in Borg’s expertise was absolute — Borg’s views had moderated, but his sense of urgency had not. ‘We came into government in October 2006 and we launched tax cuts in January 2007,’ he says, ‘so the first three months were extremely hectic.’ The Conservatives’ slogan was striking: ‘We are the new workers’ party.’ Tax rates would be cut for workers, and welfare cut to pay for it. High welfare levels, he says, can inflict cruelty in the name of compassion. ‘People emigrate from the labour market. Unemployment traps capture a lot of people in social exclusion.’ Tax cuts are not spoken of as an ideological aim, but as a tool to cut unemployment and advance social justice.
Because chemical burns are really good for removing dead skin and acne.
And, most importantly:
“Seriously. Better get moving.”
I am glad the villagers show visitors a glimpse of their culture, arts and crafts and heritage. The links below give a wider range of information if anyone wish to see more pictures and information of these places. From what I read, they paint pictures of vitality, great moments for photography and wonderful people.
01 - No Surrender
Congratulations, Teri! Lucky you :) I hope you enjoy the book. Please email me and let me know your address and how you'd like the book signed so I can pass the info along to Iza!
On the tongue - A sharper, punchier version of their wonderful cask version.
The general direction of your life, although obviously a constant motion, is never quite clear. Often times one thinks he or she is moving a certain direction, when actually the route they are on is simply a path towards an completely different direction. Sometimes you must head West to eventually go South. The idea here is that rather than spending time determining the direction, spend time discovering how you fit in and interact with what makes the route unique in itself.
“So if we have enough food and clothing, let us be content.” ~1 Timothy 6:8
Now I had a good childhood, a very good childhood. I had parents who loved me, I went to good schools and had 2 acres of woods to play in. I was lucky. To read those lines and if you met me, you'd think that I didn't need anyone to make my childhood 'bearable'...but I did.
For the day the SPX/DOW were -1.45%, and the NDX/NAZ were -2.35%. Bonds gained 15 ticks, Crude tumbled $4.05, Gold added $6.00, and the USD was higher. Support for the SPX drops to the 1363 and 1313 pivots, with resistance at the 1372 and 1386 pivots. Short term momentum is once again extremely oversold. Last night the FED reported a decline in the Monetary base and the M1-multiplier. Today the WLEI dipped into economic slowdown territory at 49.4%.
Here is what our Design Team has come up with, please visit their blogs for more info, links on right hand side.
In an interview with Lianhe Zaobao which was coincidentally conducted by his schoolmate from Raffles Junior College class of 1995/1996 Ms Yew Lun Tian, Mr Nair said:
"David Robinson's life has taken several turns for the worse: first his daughter dies, then his marriage crumbles and his career as a mystery writer falls apart. But after he is killed in a hit-and-run accident, David quickly learns that he will face the most harrowing challenges as a wraith in the Shadowlands.
Thankfully my huge 6 600-word report is done and dusted. Now it's just the client amendments and editing bit (my worst stage, actually). Hopefully the client meets his deadline, which is Monday.
In the mixer we whisk the margarine and sugar for 6 to 7 minutes until it becomes fluffy and pale. We add the yolks one by one and whisk until they are incorporated. We then add the zest, cinnamon and cloves. We put the soda into the orange juice and whisk with a spoon vigorously. Be careful to do it above the mixer bowl, because once you add the soda to the juice, it floods.
Today I have a non Greek recipe for you, an exotic seafood chowder with leeks, shrimp, fish fillet and coconut milk!
I've particularly got lots of Easter type bunnies like these ones. They are very cute and totally baby safe (double stitched seams and hand embroidered faces.
So there are the highlights from the past couple of weeks. I know life is only going to get busier this month so right now I'm going to enjoy nap time by watching paranormal tv shows and thinking about the pan of brownies sitting on my stove. They're calling my name.
Slightly bold on the nose, but a freshness on the palate.
Turmeric powder- 5 gms
Perhaps more reflective of fundamental economic conditions, the number of open positions in the construction sector increased somewhat in March. The number of open positions in the sector increased to 96,000, the highest level since September of last year.
These similarities, however, are overwhelmed by the iconic performances given by Christopher Lee, as the hardbitten pirate captain driven by a mysterious obsession that makes him want this particular treasure, no matter what the cost; fading matinee idol Kerwin Mathews, and up-and-coming leading man Glenn Corbitt as the square-jawed, purehearted thorns in his side; and Peter Arne and Michael Ripper as two of the vilest, villainous sidekicks you'll ever want to see get their just desserts.
Sprinkle on thirteen other corn-derived ingredients, and you're only about twenty shy as many ingredients as a single chicken nugget from McDonald’s. And you were using pulverized chicken skin and mechanically reclaimed meat for your chicken, right?
And that, essentially, is the idea behind Wasted. And if it hadn't been for that trivial coincidence on a London escalator, in my state of heightened adrenaline, I would never have written it.
A little Bit of Magic C N.UM $7.00
My eldest daughter, Anna, was presumably out having coffee with one of her besties. I just happened to be home. I was originally going to be in town.
BrewDog Punk IPA
Then comes the singer of epics. Like the dancers, the singers tell the stories of the gods in song, in front of the phad, a kind of scroll with illustrations of what the songs are about, which is also a form of portable temple. The songs are learnt and passed on by oral tradition, and Dalrymple makes some interesting points about the differences between oral and written cultures, and the effects of modern technology on the tradition — will people bother to learn the songs when you can get them all on DVD? He also notes how this has been lost in the West, where epics like Homer’s Iliad have long been passed on in written form, and the oral performance has been completely lost.
I finally put that to practice with hiking. I knew that if the boys loved playing football when I played with them, they would love hiking if I took them.
I had all good intentions of being far enough to share some pictures with you, but alas, some bedding I ordered did not come. Since the bed is the MAIN furniture in the room, I can't show you pictures without my 'new' bedding. I did get the painting done (well, mostly), and the light and curtains are hung. (I hung those all by myself.) It's coming.... but oh, so slowly.
When with the Father and the Son
Step seven: Wait, watch it grow and enjoy your eventual harvest!
Die:Label 8-Spellbinders
Discussing approaches to slaughter with religious communities has been successful in New Zealand, which exports large quantities of Halal meat despite requiring that all animals be stunned before slaughter, he said.
also the kelp-y vines on the right side. This piece is
However, the relaxation of the national birth control policy is not motivated by the existing government’s desire to enhance women’s reproductive autonomy, so they are still not empowered to exert control over their reproductive decision-making. As the analysis of the state-centred regulatory model offered in the next subsection will suggest, the party state does not change its strategy to regulate the population by placing control over women’s access to family planning services. Similar to the reason for the Maoist government’s removal of the ban on abortion in limited circumstances, the main reason for this slight relaxation of the strict birth control policy is that at around the start of the 2000s, the state’s population gaol made significant achievements. According to the data on the growth of the national population collected by the National Bureau of Statistics, the natural population growth rate has dropped gradually since the middle of the 1980s (from 14.55 per 1,000 in 1981 to 5.08 per 1,000 in 2006).
Although, come to think of it, what was it about it what was Kenya and Tanzania's foreign policy crime which justified the slaughtering of over 200 of their citizens in 1998?
It seems like we are in a similar position when it comes to belief in God as produced by the HADD. We just have a device, that produces a particular kind of belief as an output (even in cases where the object of the belief is absent). So unless we have some independent means of verifying or confirming the reliability of that output, we have nothing that would count as the basis of a warranted belief.
her personality wiped blank,
One of the greatest true crime stories ever written, Zebra is one of the best books you can’t buy, except used. And it’s not for lack of interest. It was printed once in hardcover and once in paper, and in spite of its fame and popularity, never reprinted. Peculiar, that.
The toilet seat, the thing you press when you flush, the toilet paper, the baby changing station, the paper towels,... yeah, even the condom/colone dispenser.
The University of Rochester Medical Center recently released a report of research headed by Dr. Robert Ader that tested the use of placebos as part of the treatment for psoriasis patients. Though many studies have found placebos to be surprisingly effective in the double-blind studies that are standard for medicines, this study looked at characteristics of the administration of the placebo as elements that lead to a conditioned response, like the salivation of Pavlov’s dogs when they heard the dinner bell, and considered how placebos could be used effectively as part of the treatment, with a focus on immune system diseases. Is a conditioned response less than a belief? Can we knowingly take placebos and still expect improvement because we believe in our conditioned response? Or would we start distrusting our medicine because it’s probably mostly placebo and therefore unlikely to be effective?
Meeting: Tuesday, May 1st, 2012, 7pm to 9pm
Cut to day 2 – more sun, another bar tab this one starting at 10:44… Hey it was her actual birthday we were allowed! for the record this day is here I was introduced to Mr. Christian Grey but more on that later! We went to a delicious dinner at this great Italian restaurant , in a strip mall…. What is it. With Florida? Why is everything always in some sort of strip mall?! Anyway I digress food was good , wine was great and company was even better. But maybe the best part of that night was the can ride to the bar. Ali, one of tha ladies celebrating with us, apparently does this often but asked our driver if he knew Cash Cab… Well he did and agreed to play! It was amazing! His do or die question was about Joe Giudice . I don’t think I’ve ever laughed so hard in my life. That night went on as nights tend to do with lots of drinking and shots and dancing and my hair tripling in size (thank you south Florida)
The last song I wrote was eight years ago for our wedding. I surprised Troy at the reception and played along with the guitar. I was nervous, he was shocked, I mastered four chords and all was well.
Listed below are a few recommendations for creating a quality first impression that will hopefully enable sustained interaction in whatever capacity.
how in the tree to the left of the lot the leaves
I mean, my heart totally sank when i was at the SS office and their form said “We do not accept birth certificates as proof of identity”. I mean first off: What the fuck?! Every ID requires 2 other IDs. What the fuck do you do if your wallet is stolen?
"The Stamping Boutique" is dedicated to quality products and original artwork. We not only provide wonderful digital images in our store, but also several lines of red rubber images. Our designers are chosen for their character and personality,as well as, their beautiful designs. We work hard to give you our very best. Thank you so much for having us as your sponsor this week."
I just want to recognize the contribution of General Vo Nguyen Giap and acknowledge what he has done for Vietnam. After all, let’s not forget how he helped kick out the French in 1954 and then the Americans in 1975.
Big Bang Backwards
As an expat, there is one thing that cannot be taught, at least not to me, and that is the zen like patience required when dealing with a culture that views time as merely a concept. Clocks seem unnecessary for the locals and watches are seldom worn. Heck, if not for the frequent holidays here in Mexico they might as well throw out their calendars as well. It is part of the charm here when you have nothing to do as well. However, when time is of the essence, to say that this is stressful would be an over simplification. I wish to remain a free woman. I say this because, yes, I am at that point where I understand how people might snap. In fact, I may have snapped already.
“Who ever thought putting light in an orb would be a good idea?”
The latest on my knee is that, from what I told the GP about the pain, intensity, where it is (the pain, not the knee) and how long it was there (again, pain. Really?) he seems to think it’s probably a structural problem. Straight away he said he’d like to refer me to a specialist and suggested that I refrain from running until I’ve had it looked at. So he gave me two options; wait til mid-March and see someone through NHS, or go private. Normally I’d opt for NHS all the way, but in these circumstances, if I had to wait until March then that’s my marathon place out the window right there. So I should hopefully have my appointment in the next week or so and they will be able to tell me whether or not I will be able to run, and obviously the severity of the injury.
Sri Sri Ravi Shankar: Okay, suppose I tell you, you should eat five masala dosa tonight, what will happen to you? Suppose you are force fed five masala dosa or 20 pooris, what will happen to you? First of all, you will suffer. Tonight you cannot sleep, right? It will create headache, stomach ache and then all types of aches.
Umm, yeah...there's some wonderfully evasive but convincing sounding bits of information for ya.
“I need you to send a couple of scout balloons over the area for a look-see,” the commander said irately.
Do you know how warm it was outside? About 25 degrees, cloudless sky...just pure sun. The section of the park I jogged in had little shade at that time. I hardly drank any water and I nicely polished off that Slurpee about an hour previous. What was I thinking? After 25 minutes I couldn't go on. I had to pee, I wanted to crap my pants, my stomach was hurting, it was hot and I was sweating a tonne...need I go on? I stopped running and sat on a park bench in the shade to catch my breath. I started to cry. Basically, every good feeling I had from last week's 6km success was completely deflated.
But this execution was a bit more bizarre because, in the end, you really wanted this ATF Agent to get her head blown off. She was a real scum bag. This brings me to the point of this web-log entry.
Brenner says that it was like “being with a tiger or a bear.” WTF he’s done them too or something? He went on to say, “This is an animal that could kill you in two seconds if it wanted to.” You bet it could and so can a tiger and bear. Excuse me one minute dear comrades but I feel a big up chuck coming forth :O
1 Then Elisha said, Hear ye the word of the LORD; Thus saith the LORD, To morrow about this time shall a measure of fine flour be sold for a shekel, and two measures of barley for a shekel, in the gate of Samaria.
A new pair of TOMS Shoes. (And hey, some cash might be nice too.)
This must have been one of my very first
Have a happy, happy day.
they came back and pronounced their verdict: guilty.
Check out the links to see some images of the cards:
The clerics sometimes use titles of the old priestly hierarchy, but all clerical groups are cults founded around a charismatic leader who is considered strong in the faith due to the spiritual power he or she wields.
Acts 28:23-24
Some of you have wondered what the role of the doctor was – was he allowed to say no. Besides having common sense – yes. As long as he was not mid-treatment
- Jumper cables
3. Pour into bread machine pan.
The scientific accuracy of North's paintings (before photography was a practical alternative) made her somewhat of a celebrity and her paintings an invaluable resource in her times. There's a museum of her paintings at Kew Gardens in London. Guess who's dying to see her fabulous crusty Victorian botanicals in person?
“Yes I am a pirate, two hundred years too late. The cannons don’t thunder, there’s nothing to plunder, I’m an over-sixty victim of fate, arriving too late, arriving too late.”
Final poling is ongoing prior to resuming the count at T-minus 4 minutes.
sewn into place.
Carrot, 1 pc, cut into cubes
To have the country we all love so much to go down this road.
English was my worse subject. But then it became a good challenge came to me when I started this blog. I am always eager to write and share something but from starting, to conceptualizing and finishing every entry always gives me hard time. What keeps to continue writing are the people telling me that they are reading and having a great time reading my blog.
Being Brave (or at least, less chicken):
- Quests (Q102)
Well he couldn’t stretch that much ’cause his swag was at his feet.
Most of this portion of the class was up close and personal kind of bad guy, hands on you stuff. I don't know why, but punching someone is still an issue for me. The drill was to strike the face of the bad guy, while withdrawing, draw and shoot. These were paper targets, but I still had a hard time in my mind striking. I am constantly amazed by the mind and how I can be standing there knowing full well that the "bad" guy is paper, can't hurt me and that I know in real life I am going to beat the crap out of anyone trying to hurt me, and yet, some things still takes me right back to that day. The main thing is that I can control it now or at least overcome it. When it was my turn to do the drill, I used all my fear as energy and I was extremely forceful with my punch and I am not sure if it was loud to anyone else, but I think it was the loudest "GET BACK" I have ever screamed. It was guttural. After that one drill I was fine. I did lots more punching and grabbing of the bad guy without issue.
Human experience adds more and more experience to your world that will confirm that life is full of tragedy. Finding a safe place -- from any source -- is an important step for anyone who will be resilient in this world.
By the way, earlier this week I have decided to join the Margaret Sherry Lovers' Summer Exchange... Not sure what I'll make though, so I wish myself luck...
12-Phantoms-Blue Moon Of Kentucky.mp3
“Mr Miller hopes a solution to the regulatory problems can be found”. I hope to find the Treasure of the Sierra Madre, but if I don’t leave Hamilton, it will be difficult.
Cadre deployment and nepotism are the main causes of under-performing government departments, the Christian Democratic Party said today.
So, tomorrow I should be able to have myself a glass of bubbly to welcome the new year in! Hurrah! Otherwise, my new years plans are pretty bleak. I'm so tired at the moment that even the thought of socialising or doing anything that requires taking the children anywhere or even entertaining them leaves me feeling exhausted! Wish it wasn't so, but is to be expected I guess for only 6 weeks post bubba. And the bubbly plus the tired mama will probably mean I will be passed out by 8.30!
An uninterested supervisor at the youth center unlocks a basement practice room and is quickly shooed away by the boys, not wanting to seem supervised. As Crotty explains the project to the boys he changes his tone, speaking slowly with exaggerated gestures, hesitating before words like ‘performative’ and ‘cultural specificity.”
We'll still travel, not sure how that'll look yet.
Of course, we guessed wrong. She was selected as a Posse finalist on a Monday and the decision to Posse had to be in by Friday, 5 pm. Talk about stress!
Just because I refuse to buy their pics doesn't mean that I can refuse my daughter's doe eyes when she begs me to help her with her hair on picture day. Did I do Ian's hair? Oops...I guess I forgot that this morning. So Emma begs me last night to do her hair for today so that she can look "memorable" for her class pictures. She wants curls. LOTS of curls. So I get her up and we plug in the hot rollers and roll her red, thick locks into them. When it's time to pull them out she looks like Rosanna Danna from SNL way back when. (Here's a picture in case you have no clue who I'm talking about.)
Community is about an eccentric Spanish study group at the small (and fictional) Greendale Community College in Colorado. Jeff Winger (The Soup‘s Joel McHale) is a former attorney who has been disbarred for faking his schooling and so he’s attending community college in order to get his life back. He finds himself immediately attracted to the feminist Britta (Choke‘s Gillian Jacobs) in his Spanish class (taught by The Hangover‘s Ken Jeong). Jeff founds a Spanish study group to at first get closer to Britta, but he eventually strikes up an unexpected friendship as the leader of a group of ragtag misfits all trying to survive the surreal landscape that is Greendale. With a group consisting of the Asperger’s suffering pop-culture fanatic Abed (Danny Pudi), the former jock and sensitive idiot Troy (Donald Glover), the racist, homophobic, and obnoxious Pierce (Chevy Chase), the virginal and shy ex-Ritalin addict Annie (Mad Men‘s Alison Brie), and the single black mother Shirley (Yvette Nicole Brown), there’s bound to be conflict and personal crisis, but when they learn to stick together and care for each other, this study group becomes its own little family.
Repeat with the entire portion of the dough.
Katrina Garibaldi ... Ainsley
You didn't sleep a wink on Christmas Eve.
We pass the can at meetings and gatherings to collect funds, and we work with the YMCA in Greensburg to fund a family each year. First, we take care of the kids with Christmas gifts. We buy the family a Christmas Tree, and we collect food from our banquet to give to the family early in December, and we supply them with everything they need for the few days around the holidays.
Of the Queen in God's Kingdom supernal,
I am a complete sucker for glitter. I pretty much love any technique that can work it in. Lately, I have been using a glitter pen to outline embellishments.
Then we had another special occasion. Those of you that follow me on facebook or twitter, probably remember me talking about cooking a TON of Pulled Pork last weekend....cooking for an Army.
Lori Hines, who was at the library just a few weeks ago, returned to talk about her two mysteries, The Ancient Ones and Caves of the Watchers. The books are set in Arizona and the Four Corners. Lori is from Goodyear.
Towards the end of summer the following year he met someone special and I gave up on trying to shut him up.
1/2 c half and half
When you finally have your frame done, you can mount it on a nail like this, using the hardware already on the back of a hanging frame …
Before anyone asks, I’m not here to go into the intense and hurtful details of my breakup. That is in the past. What I will say is I found a lie that my ex told me, a lie that I would not have found if I had not been out of town that additional night. He had a good enough excuse behind this lie, but a part of me fundamentally didn’t believe it.
Turkstra plans to present evidence that what the North End wants is a trade off of 32 seconds, the difference it may take a waterfront bound visitor from travelling down a major collector at 30 km/h rather than the current 50 km/h.
Also, what are your opinions on simply using my real name?
Finally it was time to board our plane and head out on our journey. Again we departed on a Delta Airlines flight, but this time the plane was Much larger (it also played spanish music as well as movies which were subtitled in English). For this flight I was excited because I had the window seat and I was not giving it up for the world! The next 2-3 hours I spent my time on my laptop and playing around with my camera. I think I tried reading a book, but at the time I was not a huge fan of reading. The flight was the most impressive experience I had enjoyed up to that point. When we began crossing over the ocean I noticed the beautiful waters and the resort Islands below me. Being thousands of miles off the ground, they still seemed so large and wonderful.
Makeup: MONS - eyeshadow spray pink (Summer Beauty Festival)
Well, I’ve finally managed to finish the Diablo III beta and try all the classes and can now come with some solid impressions.
Mix crushed cookie crumbs and butter until well mixed. Press crumbs into 2 tartlet pans, and bake in 375 degree oven, until firm, 8-10 minutes. Remove from oven and cool on rack.
"The local postmaster claims that it would be illegal for me to send live cats through the mail. I wonder if that could be true."
Does she look at you like you’re the only man in the world
Peace Out x
That this promised revelation will be accompanied by dinner and beer, well ...
Southern Tier's Fall Seasonal Ale.
Year of Release: 1986
Quick visit to the garage for his toolbox and supplies: a roll of mesh he's had so long he forgot why he bought it in the first place and the wire he uses to truss poultry for grilling on the rotisserie. Bam -- it's done. Plastic basket now has a mesh inlay through which no cutlery can slip.
So, as most of you know, I spend a good deal of time at the gym. Now, many people go to the gym for many different reasons, some to get in shape, some to get looked at, and some because they enjoy working out. There are, of course, many more reasons people go as well, but that’s not the point of this post. At the gym the other day I heard someone say, “I burned 3,000 calories, so I’m gonna go chug down some ice cream and maybe a slice or two of pizza before my ‘magic
Best UK draught (Cask or Keg) beer:
9-12 “Those hired at five o’clock came up and were each given a dollar. When those who were hired first saw that, they assumed they would get far more. But they got the same, each of them one dollar. Taking the dollar, they groused angrily to the manager, ‘These last workers put in only one easy hour, and you just made them equal to us, who slaved all day under a scorching sun.’
I also spent my week listening to Royal Foundlings first album. I saw all the pictures from the Texas Tour, laughed a lot, and wait, now, the new tunes... I don't know when I will have the time to think about their bio and tour, but, I may not be alone on this project ! I'm impatient !!!
on tiny sledge drawn by tiny dogs.
Driving to Garze (Tibetan autonomous prefecture) over Christmas, for hours each day we passed sawn-off mountains, rock-clogged rivers, half-submerged trees and roads that disappeared into water.
Bessie Mariner, her support coordinatior, told me, “Almost every time I met with Renee she blessed me by praying for me. She loved to pray. I know that she knew the Lord in a powerful way.”
Apply adhesive in small areas and spread with a Popsicle stick OR an old credit card works great too. Begin to place your tiles where you want them. Tiles must "set" to the adhesive typically 24 hours before you are ready to grout. if any adhesive spreads between the tiles, wipe off immediately so it will not show during the grouting process.
The Palo Santo pours a very dark brown, as close to black without being so. The pour produces an attractive 2-finger brown head, that slowly dissipates into 1-finger, but leaving a creamy residue in the glass.
*Friday again*
Life has been worse than usual here at Rancho.... and that is a mouthful folks. I'm having to force myself into each new day. It has been my remaining children and friends that are pulling me kicking and screaming back into the mainstream of life.
Arse = ass. example. shove it up your arse.
As I’ve often said, there’s more to weight gain or weight loss than mere calorie intake.
The last recorded annual statistics show that Barnet has had the highest number of deaths of any London borough from road accidents, and the second highest number of injuries.
He may be small, but he fights dirty.
What I like the most about Malaysia is their amazing super green forest. The scenery is so beautiful and full of tenacity. The air is clean and fresh. I can hear birds singing, and also some other wild animals that live in the jungle. I am so captivated!
I was happy that Solsara was back with their eye gazing workshops, and some really interesting stuff came out of that! There was a segment where you went to different partners, and whoever spoke up first told the other person something they saw in them. This one guy talked to me about how I was like a book that so many people have written in, but there are always more and more empty pages . I am STILL thinking about that and what it might mean! Then I had this intense reaction to this one woman I said had deep wisdom, but I just started totally crying when I was with her. It was a trip. I got to talk to her a bit later on in the weekend, but not as much as I would have liked. I hope she is there again next year!
I really love to cruise. Have you ever taken a cruise?
The Day the World Ended by Eoen Cohn (poetry)
Now granted, I have to be in good enough shape to actually run up this damn road...and fortunately I am. You should see the looks on their faces as I go by. I wonder if they actually admit to friends and family they got passed by a runner?
You'll find while you're dancing
1/2 Tbs of grated fresh ginger
That's about it.
What if he chews up every single toy the kids own. (Oh wait, I already have a little rat dog to worry about doing that.)
Heat olive oil over medium heat until it thins and shimmers (about 6 seconds). Lower each blossom flat into the hot oil, taking care not to crowd them in skillet. Each subsequent blossom will lower the temperature of the oil, so care must be taken to adjust heat level. It must maintain an even, but not violent sizzle. Do not overly heat the oil to speed the process. Burning the blossoms can occur very quickly. Fry on each side for about 5 minutes until golden brown, using long metal tongs to turn them. Remove to fresh paper towels to drain. Scatter with sea salt and ground pepper. Serve immediately.
We set out our stall very early on, we are not racist, we don’t like Nazis, we don’t want Nazis joining our demos. We embrace patriotism as something that transcends race, religion, creed and colour. A love for our country is not a crime, a love for freedom is not a crime, but a need for security and the removal of those who pose a threat is just common sense....... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkKmzNpUBM4
On our trips back to India, I believe both my kids rediscover their mother, or at least they look at me with a new eye. They get to hear stories of their mother when she was their age! ‘Mom!!!! Our age???’ Here, at home, mom is an entity, looking after them, scolding them, constantly reminding them to pick up their book bags, behave well in school, clean their rooms, taking them to practices and play dates, kissing their hurts away, holding them close in a sudden bear hug. I don’t think they regard me as a separate individual, I am more of an extension of them. I am taken for granted, except, maybe on Mother’s Day! But when we go back, they actually pause a bit to look at me, as a separate person with a life where they didn’t belong for a while. That thought is a little unreal for them. They see my baby pictures, my school certificates, my college photos, several memories of the girl – me, the young me that my parents have saved like cherished treasures. Just like I save my children’s baby teeth, their little hand prints, their pre school artwork, with the hope that I will hold on to their babyhood, at least in my memories and relive these days when they are grown and gone! My parents even saved my kindergarten artwork, much to my children’s amusement!
You nailed that one, you ARE indeed just a doll, and considering today's job market you're lucky to have a place doing slide shows like this instead of working in specialized porn videos! (Unless that's one of Mr. Mocknick's other income streams.) I must say that you seem to be a fine product from one of the higher end manufacturers. So many others are just full of hot air!
get this e-mail.
The yellow-orange eyes of A. flammeus are exaggerated by black rings encircling each eye, giving the appearance of them wearing Mascara, and large, whitish disks of plumage surrounding the eyes like a mask.)
Perhaps it’s how she is able to communicate a lifetime of emotion with the briefest flash of her eyes, but there’s a quiet dignity – a humanity – to her performances. As one critic raved, she “doesn’t look as if she’s stealing scenes. More as if she’s absent-mindedly slipping them into her back pocket.”
Corps Command Post
“Bart Haggerty has never, ever been accused of anything improper in his life,” Ognibene said.
I feel like 'independent' could be interpreted in a few different ways but to me it means an idea or action independent of popular culture. So here's how our wedding falls outside the lines of contemporary thought:
Why the green paint instead of traditional red or pink?? Well green is Kiddo's favorite color and her request!
If going to try best of luck in advance : )
I spied this great acrylic collage photo frame on one of my recent visits to
After the show, I was chatting to Martin Soan and, despite the fact I’ve probably known him since around 1990, I never knew he wrote several sketches for Spitting Image at the height of their TV success.
When I ponder addiction an old boyfriend springs to mind. He was a nice guy, sensitive, kind and artistic. Whenever we walked into a party or nightclub I would notice his hand would begin to shake. I’d grasp his fingers tighter to try to stop them from trembling, as I found it disturbing. Despite his confident demeanour I knew of his traumatic childhood. The shaking hand revealed cracks in the facade he had carefully constructed.
Let's not forget, I'm one of the lucky ones, fortunate to land an academic job despite the imbalance of supply and demand caused by the huge number of PhDs conferred yearly. Others will have very different career paths, and will land jobs in other fields, for which they don't have explicit training.
In reviewing the study’s Appendix H (which provided a list of carrier-identified countermeasures mapped to each problematic driver behavior from the analysis) I found several common comments/themes that would be ideal to consider in the event that a driver received a Motorist Observation Report through our hotline program:
This was not a story about a group of homosexuals who simply wanted “sex.” People who just want to enjoy themselves with licentious sex don’t try to “break down the doors” of those who aren’t interested in the party (see Verse 9). Also notice the wording in their reply to Lot’s pleading in Verse 9. “We’ll treat you worse than them!” This is a story about intended brutal gang rape. This is a story about violence, domination, and the desire to humiliate. It was common practice in those days to treat strangers and the vanquished this way. This even occurs today. It is common knowledge that when an inmate in prison is raped, it is not perpetrated by someone who is simply interested in homosexual sex. These violent acts are performed by heterosexual men who seek to dominate others through violence.
I made these cookies for the lovely Shannon who won my 1000 facebook friend giveaway. She is so sweet and when I asked her what she wanted me to cookie for her she told me I could do anything I wanted, but she'd like them to be Christmasy. I'd been thinking about doing 12 days of Christmas cookies for a while so this was a perfect opportunity since she won a dozen cookies. Coincidence? I think not! I had so much fun painting these. Until I did these cookies I never realized it's almost half birds and half people.
And she’s three more steps behind
And I don’t want to do that
As she left the store, my heart just sunk. I knew that despite my pending investment of five bucks, my long shot odds had just gotten astronomically worse. In the ridiculously highly unlikely odds that this convenience store would be selling the winning ticket to tonight’s Mega Millions, the chance it would be one of my tickets just got much worse. The perfect candidate for winning had just waddled past me.
Save wings, for heaven:--Porphyro grew faint:
Idol group members like Lee Joon, Seulong, and more walked the runway, while the others put on performances throughout the show that combines fashion and music, and did not disappoint with their elaborate performances.
But, now that I finally get it, I can sit here — having turned my worries over to God, with thanksgiving — enjoying the view of the moment, while I watch, hope, wait and most importantly trust in God.
6. Frightening Frankie, Dangerous Drac & Weirdo Wolfie - Groovie Goolies
Through The Earth And Sky
We also watched “Where the Heart is”. It was a PERFECT example, of how we can start our lives one way, but it does NOT DEFINE who we are, or what kind of happiness we deserve. We were able to use how she must have felt when she was abandoned on the Wal-Mart, pregnant with nothing. How afraid she must have been….How she did deserve a good man, and even how the result of her friend, not always choosing the best men hurt her and her children, and that cycle. Not there is abuse in this movie, underage sexual over tones…but with good consequences, a young man picks up a 14 year old girl..and he goes to jail…VERY candid conversation opportunities…but pre-screen, if you are concerned.
Two of the prominent stereotypes discussed in the film are the “dragon lady” villainous stereotype and domesticated servant, newswoman(i.e.:Connie Chung), etc. While the 1988 60-minute film focuses on the earlier portrayals, the 2011 30-minute followup focuses on depictions from 1984 to 2009. The films were produced by Asian Women United. It serves as a comprehensive complementary piece to Jeff Adachi’s Slanted Screen about Asian male portrayals.
Hmmmm. Guided democracy…Prolonged deliberation…Functional groups.
There is a classic verse that is often quotes but I do believe that old covenant principles apply in the new covenant. ”If my people who are called by My name, will humble themselves and pray and seek My face AND turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven and WILL forgive their sin and WILL heal their land.” II Chronicles 7:14
8 ounces good quality semi-sweet chocolate chunks
Heavy eyes fall,
We wouldn't want it to feel badly about itself so I guess we really shouldn't call it 'ugly'! I have no time to learn new things about the random number generator and there were few enough entries that I used a little random generator of my own. I put slips of paper with the names on them in a basket and let the resident 3 year old pull one from the pile. Trust me, you can't get more random than an energetic 3 year old! So here's the scoop.
3. PDF Files
Young Audiences of Northeast Ohio, an arts education non-profit has a roster of over 100 individual artists and ensembles who offer interactive and hands-on programs to students in all arts disciplines. Young Audiences staff provides professional development and technical assistance in marketing, scheduling and coordinating programs. To learn more about Young Audiences visit www.yaneo.org
I'm slowly learning that not only the children I teach but their parents will go out and say "Our teacher..."
With the Organizing 101 workshop, you become part of an online community where you'll get support, motivation and the answers you need to take action on the workshop concepts. And if you run into any stumbling blocks along the way, you have direct access to your instructor, so you can get unstuck and get going again!
I finally compiled gorgonmilk's d20 Table of Weird Drafts community project into a PDF. The project itself was finished back in January, but at some point, the big G switched to Wordpress from Blogger, then switched back and deleted the Wordpress site. I thought I had lost the entries that finished off the table, but I found the saved HTML file over the weekend. I finished this up last night after grading a stack of papers because I needed to clear my head.
WHEWY!
Sketch of the year right now. Amy Poehler returns to join Rudolph as Betty and Jodi, hosts of local access show Bronx Beat. The opinionated duo talk about current events and their lives, and then they bring out two of their crew members (Andy Samberg, Justin Timberlake!) who want nothing more than to break some marital and social taboos to get it on with both of them.
Please comment! I’d love to hear what’s in your mind! Thank you!
How about making an advent calendar where instead of eating a piece of chocolate, kids open a box to find a Bible passage and a piece of the Story of Christmas?
He put his arms around me and said, "'Suppose a brother or a sister is without clothes and daily food. If one of you says to them, “Go in peace; keep warm and well fed,” but does nothing about their physical needs, what good is it?' (James 2:15-16) You asked me to pray for you. I am praying for you."
fundamental fight!
This is such a brilliant book! Darer Littman also has resources for body image and eating disorders which I think would be so beneficial to those who are suffering with bulemia and anorexia. I really can't recommend Purge enough! You all really need to read this book! I am really looking forward to reading more by Sarah Darer Littman!
Now, after all this “eating out”, I can hardly wait to cook myself again and try some new dishes. This coming weekend, I will be getting zucchini, amongst other things. I think zucchini can often be a bit bland. Anyone have a good (yummie) recipe with zucchini? I did find one for a zucchini cake (like carrot cake but then using zucchini). Did anyone ever have zucchini in a sweet dessert or cake? I think the idea is so strange, so I am a little hesitant. However, I do like carrot cake, so maybe I should just try it?
Get on the horn and start yelling before its too late…..
I also had a play to create this one. Not for any challenges but just to have some fun! Used lots of old scraps of paper and bits n pieces and more modelling paste and of course washi tape!!! If anyone wants to buy washi tape i found the best place and the cheapest is by fair at D-Lish scraps. check it out!
But this isn’t about romanticizing the ocean as an image of falling in love. This is about trying to make sense of falling in and out of love.
Step four: THEN invite the younger kids out to play while we work.
“As a society…we track down the best artisanal cheeses, make lists of restaurants where we must eat before we die, and blog about the short ribs we cooked for dinner.” (omg, that’s me!)
All in all, a kind of creepy, slightly comical, entertaining read from cover to cover. It reminded me of why I've always been partial to Neil and his storytelling.
At no point does it feel malicious, or even trolling. As I say, only the part where he laughs at the people who took part was I even remotely offended. In fact, I was tempted to just let the whole thing pass by. However, as it became the topic of discussion and did directly involve me I didn’t want to do that. I wanted to address it and in doing so I still don’t have a clear picture of why it bothered him to the point of over two minutes of discussion (and for those who don’t think that’s much time, time the next radio newscast you hear and realize how much is normally talked about in two minutes).
Commuters at Pearse train station are being driven stir crazy by the apparent ‘tightness’ of its café. ‘SoBu’ is now charging an extra 20c for spoons to stir their lattes with. On top of recent fares hikes, it’s left many travellers ‘frothing’.
11 talk: Gillian's intro to Tennesse Stud about Jimmy Driftwood 0:59
I've set up a few blog posts to post into the future while I'm gone, but I won't be able to @ anyone if they comment, so just to let you know I'm not ignoring you.
And it'll all be on expenses!
I'm crossing my fingers that good health continues!
Sovereignty is an attribute of the people; and no individual or group may claim sovereignty. Sovereignty shall be based on the principle of the rule of the people by the people and for the people;
"A new method for tracking pathways of humans searching for wild, edible fungi" discusses the best way to use GPS to track mushroom foraging behaviour of the Nahua in Mexico. The paper contains a trail of one forager, notice the change in altitude in a 5-hour trek.
Our family is our refuge and strength. We feel better and secure when we are with them. That is why there are those who stay nearby where their family is, because just the thought that they are not that far in distance from each other brings enough comfort that they have someone they can turn to any time for any thing. Family gatherings are the most special times where all members of the family are present and enjoying wonderful moments together. It is also a time of long chats getting to know what’s new in each other’s lives, upcoming plans, accomplishments and projects. Sometimes it sounds as if they are bragging to show how well they do without thinking that sometimes how they express their pride is undermining others. Being proud of your loved ones, your achievements and accomplishments are not bad because you deserve them. It takes hard work to attain something that would give you such stature and reputation. However, the manner of sharing them with other family members should be done with utmost care that you don’t offend others especially those who are underachievers and are going through a tough time in their life. Surely they are happy for you and proud because you will be bringing the family name to a better stature but they are also human beings who can develop envy and jealousy at some point especially when they feel insecure and low. Depending on the manner of how you share your wonderful blessings; you can either worsen it to ill feelings or you can chill the heat of unfavorable emotions and thoughts due to a developing envy and jealousy. There are those who may say that it is not their fault that they are doing better compared to others, they shouldn’t feel bad of what they have just because some people around them are having less. Yes that is true, but a little consideration and sensitivity to humble yourself a bit will not diminish what you have achieved.
Angrez Kaur recalls the ordeal when her husband went missing in 1971. The government told her that Surjit went missing on December 3, 1971 night from Jaisalmer in Rajasthan.
Finally, a new textbook store called iBooks 2, also a free app, will feature digital e-books for schools.
"Today has been OK" Live @ Melbourne
Let’s Forget Past Mistakes
We're talking witches hanging from trees on Labor Day. That's just wrong.
“Work forces are always evolving, especially during a recession, but what’s different this time is that there’s a greater emphasis on a contingent, ‘just-in-time’ work force,” he says.
Combine all ingredients except for champagne in a mixing glass. Stir with ice and strain into a chilled champagne flute. Top with chilled champagne.
Not surprisingly, Katy Perry most happily jumps onto this bacchanal bandwagon. After all, her first major hit “I Kissed a Girl” more than foreshadowed this trend. In that song, Perry implied that sexual desire between women need not be taken more seriously than bar flirtations and pillow fights. It was fun, the melody told us, for women to kiss each other as an “experimental game” as long as there was a boyfriend waiting in the wings. Of course, a stiff cocktail got things rolling as the first stanza informs us, “This was never the way I planned/Not my intention/I got so brave, drink in hand/Lost my discretion.”
I decided to do this in alphabetical order, so as people don’t think they’re more important for whatever reason.
Brazil’s foreign ministry was responding to the request by the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights.
Canadian companies have an excellent opportunity to catch up in innovation, efficiency, productivity and quality by making purchases they might have avoided when the dollar was lower. In the end, that could result in increased competitiveness.
"Section III, Articles 125 to 128 of Decree-Law Nº 97/99/M of 13 December 1999 provides for Complementary Protection Certificates (CPCs) in Macao. The Macao CPC law is a vestige of Macao having been a Portuguese colony, since Portugal had provided for CPCs even before other European countries enacted their Supplementary Protection Certificate (SPC) laws.
What Blahnik means by sending over shoes is that basically J.Crew wanted some fabulous heels for their models to wear during the Fashion Week presentation which they got, a collaboration though was seemingly a figment of their imagination.
I am playing along using the Bingo Card that Lori provided - hopefully I can keep up the pace and get an entire row of 6 squares completed (and photographed) by Sunday evening. I think that I am off to a pretty good start though as I completed three layouts yesterday.
The study, being presented today at the Royal Economic Society’s annual conference, suggests that childcare leads to a substantial drop-off in parents’ involvement in their children’s upbringing.
The small things are wonderful to look for in life, but on a more serious note, I was thinking about the small things we do or say after I read an email from someone recently. In revising what they said, sometimes we think nobody is watching and nobody will notice. Or our decisions, no matter how small, won’t matter. But they do matter. Those decisions are dictating the next step you will be able to take. Sometimes the “small things” matter the most. They seem to determine our larger portion. The tragedy is that they are small and we often overlook them or begin to believe that they cannot possibly matter.
i distress the edges with the edge distresser.
In addition to the new casino, fall groundbreaking ceremonies were cancelled for a six story, 200 room hotel; restaurant; 32,000 square foot special events center; truck stop and other amenities.
~new stove - switch to gas!!
I had trouble sleeping the other night so I got up and created the background for the scene using watercolour card and Distress Inks. I then spritzed over the top with Perfect Pearls mixed with water in a mister bottle. The next day I stamped the flowers from the Creative Expression set Meadow Flora and embossed them using Black Glint WOW! Powder. Then I randomly stamped more flowers with Distress Inks. I highlighted areas using a white pencil and gave a final spritz using Perfect pearls again over the image. The final piece was mounted onto black card.
This deck is very streamlined as basically the deck has three types of cards: creatures with infect, pump spells and lands. Blue/ Green Turbo Infect consistently gets 10 poison tokens by turn 4 for the win but it is real susceptible to decks with a lot of cheap removal. Really your only answer is Ranger’s Guile and maybe Livewire Lash. Also sometimes draws get clunky especially when you draw a ton of pump spells with no creatures so you need to mulligan aggressively.
First up, sister, brother, and I had a life changing breakfast casserole over Easter vacay from the fabulous Heather at The Spohrs are Multiplying. It was SO good and sister fried up some sausage to go with it. Major props to brother for MAKING IT! xoxo
All is mostly calm and settled; a few younger males lock antlers but with little aggression. But then a small group of stags approaches from the south and crosses the road to join the herd. This appears to unnerve the dominant male who until now has been relatively placid, trotting amongst his harem and reminding the stags of his presence, pushing aside any who don’t yield. Now, he enlivens, reacting to this new threat to his pre-eminence, and is soon rushing through the herd in a near-frenzy of aggression and sexual frustration, rushing at the stags, chasing the hinds with tongue flicking in and out rapidly to taste their scent on the air, even attempting to mount one or two.
As a result, until recently there were no large, integrated “brand name” solar panel companies, but only a plethora of small independent contractors, whose quality and reliability often varies greatly. This variability unfortunately has had the effect of further increasing consumer doubts about solar electricity.
Friends this is a simple famous recipe which everyone would like to have and if one could prepare it at home so easily then why not give a try to this delicious recipe.....
Hey all -
Don't get me wrong, I do think there are delightful young men in this world. But what I don't understand, is how blinded Disney movies have made me when it comes to the idea of "true love" (if there even is such a thing).
Today it was a song. To be fair, it wasn't even a song. It was the title of a song. A french song. I caught sight of it on a friend's facebook. She had been listening to the Kate Ryan remix of it. I, however, am partial to the original by Mylene Farmer. Désenchantée, it's called. A 1991 release. It's not even a song I love. Just a song with memories.
Anyways, I’ve got to do some homework now, so I’ll have to finish up this blog and then go finish up my homework. I have to do a study guide for some book named Candide by Voltaire, and then finish some crazy 30 page packet for Gov… stupid AP classes.
U.S. Department of Energy. (September, 1996). Ninth annual report to Congress: Fiscal year 1995 progress in implementing Section 120 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. DOE, Washington, D.C.
Another week gone by. It's time to answer viewer mail!
I am visiting an art exhibition called "The Holy Land – The Holey Land” in Immanuelskyrkan, a church in Stockholm, and I am astonished. Anti-Israel propaganda is common, but this is something else. The artist accuses Judaism of being inherently destructive.
We, er Santa, came through. Thanks to a wonderful online toy store and their super low Melissa & Doug prices and fast shipping (we got our order the next day!), Anna had a very happy Christmas. I got her other odds and ends things (crayons, markers, stickers – stuff like that) and made sure to wrap everything just to make it more fun for her to open it all up.
Still, I hope that the shipper war has died down enough and the mythology fans have tempered down enough that we can begin to debate the relationships of Lost, their validity and their relevance to society at large, because I always felt that it was a sadly overlooked aspect of the incredibly deep, layered TV show, something which, if you took it seriously, it was impossible for others to take you seriously for.
I diid not glean this info from facebook or wikipedia... I'm a fashion designer with a passion for technology and have been exploring this topic since 2003/4. Here is the submission text!
Happy Endings
The two men then went to Flagstaff, where they kidnapped a married couple traveling from California to Kansas and made them drive to Durango, Colo., where Kemp raped the man in a hotel room. Later, Kemp and Logan forced the couple to drive to Denver, where the couple escaped. Logan soon after separated from Kemp and called police about Juarez’s murder.
Shall vanish one by one;
My birthday is March 21st - the day before the Hunger Games movie opening!
Yes the price was outrageous. What can I say? It's for my husband :-P
Westminster Abbey is nothing short of stunning (no pics as you aren't allowed to take photos inside). There are some big names buried in that place as well as some big names who walked the aisle there on their wedding day. Westminster while huge and beautiful, doesn't seem to be trying as hard to show off as I felt St Paul's did. Despite the fact that its just accepted, I'm not sure I'm ever going to get used to walking over the resting places of people as you walk around inside these places, there's just something that doesn't sit right with me in doing this, but in order to get around you just cant help it.
I realized I put myself dead last in my own life. I don’t take care of my own mental, spiritual, emotional, and physical well-being like I know now I should.
leaf pack and reveal the babies...
Sinulog Foundation, Inc. (SFI) prohibits politicians and supporters from distributing leaflets promoting their political bid, Manila Bulletin reports.
Am in need of two good words?
The victim replied: “Nothing”.
- there are a number of international investors willing to buy our loans from NAMA at a higher price than NAMA paid for them, effectively financing Treasury Holdings and allowing the property investment and development that Ireland needs to happen;
Nicole didn't know what to do at this point, and says she felt like she was going to have a nervous breakdown.
Expect a Ngiting Mister Donut to come your way with any of these Merrygalos. Whether you’re caught in the holiday rush or just looking for yummy Christmas treats, drop by any of Mister Donut’s 1,000 stores nationwide and get the yummiest gift that’s worth giving. Because with Mister Donut’s Merrygalos, may smile sa bawat kagat, may regalo para sa lahat!
Idzie
Today I'm going to share a story of great luck.
Jonathan Baldwin made the point that the more value a gift has the less sentimental it is and I would have to agree. What I really look forward to is getting an apple and an orange in the bottom of our stockings on Christmas morning. 'Santie' hasn't brought them the past couple of years but that's what I always think will turn up in my stocking and it puts a smile on my face.
The papers where scraps from last year also so not sure where they came from. The charms I have had in my stash for quite some time and the shop that they came from has sadly closed down.
The other morning, when I went back to bed at around 5.00 after a trip to the loo, I had a dream that my colourist, Greg had died. Aside from the fact that he is the one and only person on the planet whom I trust with colouring my hair, I adore Greg as a friend. We're both kind of snarky and sarcastic and love to gossip
yanno?
To finish off the card, I added the sentiment on the side and the double ribbon of chocolate chip and kiwi kiss satin ribbon behind the main image panel.
I saw Jimmy Carter completely redefine the words “ineffective”, and later on “meddlesome”.
I think for me the world of magic is amazing.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Brown the ground beef with onion, garlic and green pepper. Drain fat. Stir in tomato soup, let simmer for 5-10 min on MED LOW heat.
As much as I liked contemporary popular music, his music was so much deeper, richer and more exotic.
But this Tuesday she was all alone and I knew she would not be enjoying the situation she was in. So I urged my husband to drive faster and on reaching home I nearly ran up the 8 floors to our apartment( no electricity,remember? so no elevators). The sight that greeted me on reaching home was wondrous. Our whole home was lighted up. She had used every candle, every earthen lamp,she could lay hands on and lit them up. My home seemed to be celebrating an early Diwali.
hard to be on the lookout, concentrate, even
You have the opportunity; follow a child’s example:
Go home, any point you wanted to make about the violence of others has been soured by the violence you have wrought.
A Picture of the Road Ahead. From his understanding of the Mayan tradition and the calendars, Mr. Barrios offered a picture of where we are at and what may lie on the road ahead: The date specified in the calendar Winter Solstice in the year 2012 does not mark the end of the world. Many outside people writing about the Mayan calendar sensationalize this date, but they do not know. The ones who know are the indigenous elders who are entrusted with keeping the tradition. “Humanity will continue,” he contends, “but in a different way. Material structures will change. From this we will have the opportunity to be more human. “We are living in the most important era of the Mayan calendars and prophecies. All the prophecies of the world, all the traditions, are converging now. There is no time for games. The spiritual ideal of this era is action.
Meanwhile, the BBC's allegedly incarcerated friends in Hamas were busy again over the weekend, seriously wounding an IDF soldier and firing a rocket into the Negev; two of them were sent to meet Allah for their trouble.
Director, writer, editor, producer, author “The Vegetarian Epicure”
The department stores make downtown Brooklyn look like something out of a Disney cartoon with their colorful windows and tinseled displays. Gay lights and ornaments are on every floor and there isn’t anywhere you walk that you can’t sense the coming of the great day.
and the washed
On reaching Eccy road I turned right downhill and made my first (unplanned originally) visit to the Banner Cross Hotel. I opted for the lounge on the left having never been in before - which is a bit weird since the bar is usually the most unspoilt part of any pub, nut there you go.
We're small compared to other groups. I'm told the task force working on regulations for absentee landlords has 38 members. We've got a fraction that, but I prefer a smaller, more focused group. It's easier to make progress and let everyone speak their mind. It's not to late to join up, if you want to help.
When you have ‘Bock’ as the beer theme, then choosing a funny name using the word Bock is a bit like shooting fish in a barrel but some of the better ones included Show Us Your Bock, Shandy is a Soft Bock and ... another one that was quite funny but which I can’t remember now but was good enough to win ten free beers. But my personal favourite came from the boys and girls on the comfy couches who came up with ‘Rock Out with your Bock Out’. Classic. Can’t wait to see where this trend takes us in coming Ale Stars evenings.
They are perfect and way healthier for you too!
In summation regarding the game, the Indoctrination theory (if I even have it correct), is really the only explanation of the games ending and the way in which it was executed was nothing short of absolute brilliance, it surprised me and, really, nothing does that anymore. The game Indoctrinated me…and, really, it Indoctrinated a lot of other people too. However, if I’m wrong…well…
Created in 1970 before the concern of pollution became prevalent, Bill Peet imparts a respect for the environment. The reader enters the world of the Wumps; a flock of contented animals living in grassy meadows among rivers, lakes and leafy green trees. All was well, until one day the Wump world was invaded by aliens called “Pollutians”. In almost no time at all, these aliens began building great cities with factories, towering smokestacks, streets and freeways. While the Wumps hid underground, trash from the Pollutians began gushing into rivers and lakes. The air quality eventually becomes unlivable and the aliens leave to find another planet. A delightful tale, The Wump World is sure to trigger compassion for animals and introduce environmental awareness.3. The Wartville Wizard
Appearances: DW The Beast Below
Here’s to writing erotic awesomeness with warm sand between my toes…
I just hope you try to make this because it is truly another sensational variation to a boring plain oatmeal option.
To be in with a chance of winning the prize this week you will need to upload your card using inlinkz.com by 8pm GMT on Wednesday 15th February 2012.
music). Nursery rhyme vocals sit primly amid gargoyle-grotesque sound-shapes like dank leakage from the unconscious. Their sound is admirably overcrowded with influences: electronics, chamber music, sampling,punkadelia, dub, Skinny Puppy industrial, muzak, the micro-tonality of composers like Ligeti and Stickhausen, early DAF, and more, are all in there. But the effect is never of clotted versatility or ostentatious virtuosity, but rather of expanse, of deranging space.
This is not just a matter of aesthetics; it is about our very identity, which is the reciprocal relationship between people and the places in which they live. Building on what we have in a similar scale and style maintains continuity and helps to focus culture and identity. National and local governments alike are destroying places that are sanctioned by time and use, where communities have grown up and grown together instinctively.
The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases worked with Johnson & Johnson to study whether Levaquin could treat the plague.
“Road to Revolution” will also compare uprisings in the Mahgreb and Middle Eastern regions with those in the west, from the 1960s to the Occupy protest movement.
What was unexpected was the climax of Mat Ricardo’s act. He is billed as a juggler, but is more than that and he introduced the final highly-visual thing he did as “impossible”… as indeed it is, but he still did it.
Which nice sling
The random winner of a Paper Pretties stamp set is.....
Within two hours, the post was taken down, and my source tells me that both were threatened with heavy lawsuits.
I made this card today for a few different challenges. I'm now 2 weeks post-op, and it isn't easy sitting at my craft table while trying to elevate my foot. So, a card that should have taken about 20 minutes ended up taking me most of the afternoon. I will be so glad once I'm "back to normal" and the circulation issues resolve themself. At least I got it finished.
Chapter 19: Rule Breakers
I used 5x5 acrylic sheets to create this wall hanging for pictures of my husband and our moms on my birthday. You can't tell from the top picture but I am blowing out a candle on a strawberry shortcake from The Cheescake Factory which is alllllll I wanted for my birthday.
The wreaths are another story entirely, but since I'm positive I won't get around to posting it I'll just say I HATED how I did my wreaths last year. Couldn't stand them. So when I pulled them out for this year I just took them all apart and started again. Same ribbon, same ornaments, different lay-out... and of course added MESH!!!
“We should never be afraid of a conversation”.
This kind of sweeping detention power is completely at odds with our American values, violates the Constitution, and corrodes our Nation’s commitment to the rule of law, which generations have fought to preserve.
Ska Brewing Co.'s latest Local Series release comes as the result of a project with Old Chicago restaurants. The restaurant chain asked Ska to come up with something unique for them to put on tap as part of an effort to reconnect with craft brewing.
Again, the "V" started with the same basic cuts. I used some pearls from the $1 section at JoAnn's as an accent, and I added them using Glossy Accents. The bird on the small pennant is from the Tim Holtz collection, and I stamped it with Versamark, then embossed it with super fine black embossing powder. The small pearl accents were cut from a pearl spray I got at Michael's. I used part of it here, and part on the "E" I made the flowers with textured cardstock, and then sprayed them with my Copic Air Brush System. The crown and wing accents are from Making Memories. The heart paper clips was a gift, and the bling is from Kaiser Craft. The silk flowers are from Heidi Swapp.
Because she was far away, I decided to warn my sister-in-law, Angie, the doula extraordinaire, that I may or may not be having contractions. She was farther away than usual, visiting her parents in Sequim for General Conference. Through our text conversation that morning she decided I was in labor, but I still had my doubts. When she asked if she should come before it got dark I told her no. I really wasn’t in much pain at all and didn’t think this could be the real thing. My visiting teacher stopped by with love and a loaf of bread at 12:45 and we both laughed at the thought that I would be having the baby anytime soon, this was nothing. By 1:00, I was convinced that I was right. My little cramps that had been coming every half hour slowed to a stop. My mom and sister decided to come visit that evening and have dinner with us because we hadn’t seen them in awhile and my mom was missing Evelyn.
It really does make one wonder, does it not, WTF Bloomberg is doing listening to jerks like Hintz on the subject of a firm mired in conflict of interest litigation, when the man himself has an MA degree in the practical application of conflict of interest. But such is the nature of banking business these days, this will go down as merely another example of The Slog’s “remorseless cynicism” when dealing with Wall Street.
Mrs. Colson just put a box on the floor and ran out. And holy moly. That box is moving. I am afraid to open it. What if it is something dangerous? No, she would not do that to me. She would not just leave me in the room with something dangerous without any warning would she? Oh my God, she would. No, she wouldn’t. Would she? Oh god. What do I do? Do I open the box? Do I just leave? What if it starts freaking out once it hears me moving? What if Mrs. Colson never comes back? What if I am just stuck here? I don’t know. What should I do? I think I am going to open it. I think so. I mean, we are at school. It can’t be anything too dangerous. Even if it is dangerous at all. Right? Give me strength, oh Oprah. Ok. I am going to open it. I am going to open the box. Here I go. I am opening the lid. Up it goes. Up and off the box. I am opening it. All the way. Oh. That was anti-climactic. It is just a toy robot. She must have turned it on and forgotten to turn it off before she put it in the box. I wonder why she didn’t just mention it to me and why she had to run away quickly like that. What if it is a dangerous robot? What if it is actually a bomb? What if it explodes? Great. Now I am going to worry about that the entire time I am stuck here. Oh nevermind. Mrs. Colson is coming back.
10. Reduce the number of people sent to prison by ending drug prohibition and so-called computer crimes and by making greater use of house arrest. Put violent people in cottages in remote locations with electronic monitoring, a garden where they can grow food and a limited library.
Amanpour: you used to be the sanest
Actually, the most commonly asked question was, "How can I afford to homeschool? Doesn't it cost an awful lot of money?" That question is what prompted me to start my homeschool-for-free website. It is a work in progress at this point, with five children still at home, four of whom I am homeschooling this year. I want it to eventually be a place where almost anyone can go and find usable resources to teach almost any subject. Right now there is a lot of content on my site (I especially like the Science Links page), but not nearly as much as I hope for there to be when I consider it complete.
Even Lord Deedes admitted, "White South Africa grew to become the economic giant of the continent, the other members of the Commonwealth virtually sank into poverty."
and all is unentangled,
We had an assembly today on Black History Month. It was a great presentation and the lady presenting had a lot of good information with pictures, movie and sound clips. Towards the end of the presentation she asked the group who the famous African-American judge was in the picture (Thurgood Marshall if you’re wondering). Not skipping a beat, someone in the crowd yelled out, “Judge Joe Brown!” There was an audible groan from the back of the room where all the teachers were sitting…
Needless to say, after that interview I had to read the book. Throughout most of it, I forgot that it wasn’t fiction. The book begins with a young, garbage sorter hiding from the cops after being accused of a horrible crime. I wondered how much could he have to lose?
Similar Types The excellent crested has a dark grey face and breast; olive rinse on factors of breast; wide white edge to inward secondary; all-rufous inner internets of longest tail feathers; orange-yellow mouth lining; and paler base to lower mandible. The lesser, paler ash-throated has white move between grey and yellow-colored on underparts, and its longest tail tip is usually black not rufous. The lesser Nutting’s and dusky-capped have red mouth lining; the dusky-capped has much less rufous in longest tail.
47,244 operations are carried out in our acute hospitals, Caerphilly District Miners' Hospital, Nevill Hall Hospital and the Royal Gwent Hospital.
Export India Porter 6.5%
Jesus doesn’t just free us…He remakes us. In fact, when you get all the way to the light, you might not even recognize yourself. Not unlike the gardens and trees that bud and find new life in the spring. Free from the grip of winter, of cold, of barrenness.
“A whole week we been following you,” I say. “You suck, Vacuum Man.”
I chose hope. I left the world of secular publishing and moved to Thomas Nelson to write novels for adult readers. Novels told from a Christian worldview that allow me to weave together the historical and the personal in ways that lift readers up and remind us all of the promise of joy.
“Oregon Raises Taxes, But Budget Situation Worsens”
The chicks, called eyasses, are covered in white down to help ward off the cold. After between three and five weeks the down starts to be replaced with feathers.
for the severely injured,
Set a grill pan over medium to medium-high heat. Spray the pan with nonstick cooking spray. Put the burgers on the pan, and cook for 3-4 minutes on the first side. Flip the burgers and brush the top (cooked side) with some of the reserved barbecue sauce. Cook for about 3 minutes on the second side then flip once more and brush the other side with the remainder of the reserved sauce. Add the cheese (if using), and allow it to melt. (These cooking times are an estimate - you're looking for a final internal temperature of 165 F - avoid overcooking or the burger will be dry.)
This layout was created using the Main Kit and Embellishment Add On as well as more of the yellow packing from the Prima flowers.
- Wash rice well, drain and add to bowl. Stir to mix all ingredients well.
Now that I have a family and kids of my own, my whole perspective on Christmas and the holidays has changed. It is all about making it as special and magical as I remember it to be, for my kids.
Maxwell : Charity :: Charlie Sheen : Sobriety :: Bristol Palin : Abstinence
The average home sales in this middle-class neighborhood average about 106,000$ for a single family home, and the average income is about 32,600 for a single person and averages about 58-64k for married couples or families with two head of the households. The quality of living is quite nice in the Clayon-Tamm neighbor, low crime and low unemployment and very few African-Americans.
49) I love Jane Austen. I saw "Pride and Prejudice" recently, and it really chapped my thighs. Stick to the fucking book, you twats. There's a reason it's a classic.
That’s the latest iPhone 4S with virtually unlimited usage, for only £34 a month. If you’re with another network you can keep your number.
You are the love expert.
- The dark humor of my co-workers
LEGAL
This weekend marked another visit to the therapist. And for the first time, I felt like we were cutting to the heart of something. Like we had tapped something that was important. As I sat in the chair, all I could really hear in my head was finally! And what’s most ironic about this is, it almost didn’t happen.
Note that you'll be getting meal-sized, 11-oz portions of the four beers served:
The problem hers is you've got a book about character I don't want to spend time with. You've not done the one basic thing a query letter needs to do: entice a reader to want to read more.
So that’s all for now, next time desoldering the diode, replacing it with a new one, and testing if this thing works or not. Sorry not to post the fix just yet, I have to reach for the replacement part for a while and clean my electronics desk to do the soldering. I think I will also replace some of the caps, lets see..
This is not only no way for a child to spend Christmas, but it's also reminiscent of last year, when she got so sick we eventually had to admit her to the hospital for two days. We got some fever reducer in her before she fell asleep. Two hours later, she was back up and playing with her brother.
The Good Wife
To see beyond themselves and to have a *world* vision.
So with this all being said, go to AfrikaBurn next year if you have never gone. Get a group of your friends, hire a car, a tent, a sleeping bag and a bunch of food (don’t forget the beer!) and go have the time of your life. I know I did. And I also know that what I learned at this invent will always be with me and it stands as somewhat indescribable, making it that much more valuable.
Those who consider this prognosis too pessimistic should consider the case of India, which is illuminating in some, though not all, of these respects. Created in 1947 through the partition of British India into a Hindu state and a Muslim state, India had a Muslim population of approximately 8% at independence, with West and East Pakistan having Hindu populations of approximately 25% each. Over the course of the next 60 years, the westernmost part of the now-fractured Muslim state, Pakistan, would drive out or kill nearly all of this Hindu population, which now stands at less than 1%. The easternmost part would see genocide and ethnic cleansing force the Hindu population down to approximately 10%. This as Muslims clamoured for their fundamental human right to self-determination in Kashmir!
I was the legal representative/adviser of the deceased, and according to law,this entails that I am mandated to take care of all legal aspects of his business even though he is no longer alive. Based on facts available to me,my deceased client,had no next of kin to inherit the money he left behind.The bank is asking for the next of kin of my late client for claims otherwise the money will be confiscated .
In his first collection of dark fiction, “The Man of Shadows,” Angel has gathered a variety of darkness, a splendor of wicked characters, prose that mystifies the mind, and a disturbing bulk of demented originality, such as that in his first piece, about carnivorous eating tattoos in, “The Mouth of Babes.” Read more...
But one we do remember was called 'parent and child' meal because it consisted of both chicken and egg. Another meal was cooked in a large pot which is placed in the middle of the table for us to help ourselves, eating it with rice. The pot is choc-full of vegetables and meat swimming in a tasty sauce or broth. As always there are the many interesting, tasty condiments to have with it. In Steve and E's case, the vegetables in the dish come from her parents' market garden. Beautiful, healthy vegetables that are a joy and honour to eat.
As I was looking to buy some books hard to get in Bangalore, the book shop owner told me that only South Indians and foreigners bought and read books. His theory was that the south Indian devotion was scholarly. Just then some Kavad Log, went past the shop yelling, “Ek Do Teen Chaar – Bhole Tere Jay Jay Kar!” full of fun and faith.
Hope you like it as much as I do! Thanks for looking!
I have slowly gotten more structured over the last few years. A few years ago, I started making 5 year plans that detail the things I want to learn/accomplish/do in the next 5 years in my personal development, finances, spirituality, business, and health.. I update it every year. Then I review it monthly and determine what I can do *this* month to work on those goals. Then I plan my week every Saturday night and add in the smaller steps that will help me accomplish that month's goals.
I’d hardly be surprised if I couldn’t open up my eyes
Enjoy the day...Here's hoping the little "beaver" doesn't see his shadow!!
"(Pelt is a) Psychedelic noise/drone/folk band from Richmond, Virginia. They play dense, large-scale pieces of music that radiate inner warmth. They are influenced by Indian raga, the American primitivism of John Fahey, minimalism, and noise music."
Here's a glimpse back:
In 2008, then Nominated MP Professor Thio Li-Ann started a motion in parliament proposing a three-month timeline to call for a by-election. Both WP MPs Low Thia Kiang and Sylvia Lim voted against the motion together with the PAP MPs. Now they did a sudden U-turn to exert relentless pressure on PM Lee to call for a by-election, prompting some to question their motives.
Seeing life like that... makes me believe that change is inevitable.
Nevertheless this last incident is indicative that the ANC government and its staff have crossed the line of acceptable behaviour."
3 1/4 cups flour plus 2 TBSP
So let's be a little clearer; let's say that it comes down to whether you need to know how your story ends before you write it, or you need to *not* know how your story ends until you write it. Most debates about outlining vs. pantsing seem to come down to this issue - some writers can't imagine writing if they know how the story is going to end, whereas some don't feel able to write unless they know where the story is going. I'm going to permit myself a little poetic license and call the latter 'journey writers' and the former 'destination writers'.
24 CARROT KID
Silly making Lemonade out of Lemons argument, the minute I can have my FPGAs clocked at 3 GHz I throw away the 300MHz FPGAs, no?
“We are going up to Jerusalem,
it's a serial numbered insert which, instead of telling me how each has done against the other in their career, discusses wood's 20-strikeout game against houston in 1998 and green's 4-homer game against milwaukee in 2002.
“I think the arrest of midwives is a waste of taxpayer dollars,” said Mary Ann Griffin, president of the Indiana Midwives Association to the Fort Wayne News-Sentinel. “Indiana should legislate and not litigate.”
Nicola Kalinsky in the Phaidon book says that G was not much good at figures; the Andrews, for instance, are “peg-like” and stiff….clothes horses”. I suppose this is true enough – I always felt there was a caricature-ish appearance to this picture, as if G were satirising them in some way. It’s interesting that Gainsborough did his own dresses and draperies, rather than leaving it to an assistant; nowadays, we tend to prize the rendition of the silks and satins more than the subjects – after all, who knows what they really looked like?
The commission arrived and went to work, forcing whites to recognize full citizenship rights for mulattos. The result was chaos and race war. By 1793, most whites had either been killed or fled to France or the United States. (About 10,000 settled in the U.S. where they were received sympathetically. Many soldiers who had accompanied the French commission also left with them rather than help destroy their own people.)
COUWENBERG C. Influenzavaccinatie bij medewerkers van verzorgings- en verpleeghuizen. Infectieziekten Bulletin 2006; 8: 274-275.
So, in summary, mainly for my own benefit: please tell your fantastic computer-minded friends to take a ‘chill’( for you hipsters out there), and for the rest of us, stop making interesting technology until I have a chance to use it.
10.30pm
began to slowly drive by my house, like hired hitmen observing the scene before the crime.
"What?" Her turn to squint at him. She blinked, tried to relax. "What point? Who to?"
I would first like to refer you to a post that I wrote on February 19th last year when I was going through a rough time and talking about some difficult things on here.
Until, one day when Steve and I decided that we could no longer live in fear, but we had to choose hope.
I stepped on the scale this morning.
After he spent three years reporting from Africa for the Washington Post, Mr Richburg hurls down a challenge to black American leaders to stop deceiving themselves and the 35 million (black) descendants of slaves, that Africa is Eden on earth.
Jenna chooses 5 polymer clay artists and/or jewelry designers every month who inspire her, and she said some very nice things about my work this month.
In summary, trust your instincts as to what to eat. Eat slowly and peacefully, enjoying whatever is presented on your plate or banana leaf!
Amanda attended his CD launch at Hills Lounge, which we covered here, but chaotic as it was cause of the large numbers of people who came out to support, we arranged for the interview to happen the proceeding day, to which Sumbody drove personally to come meet up with us and do the interview.
I love seeing guys in a colorful or printed tie or bow tie to put some personality into their suit or tuxedo. You can find a wide range of color and fabric options for ties, bow ties, vents and cummerbunds at the men’s store or rental shop, but you may also want to shop at specialty stores or craft your own.
In 2000, January Magazine offered a review of an excerpt of Fuentes then-current novel The Years With Laura Diaz. You can see that excerpt here.
The same decorating philosophy is exercised across the hall in brother Jackson’s room. Rather than furniture getting the dramatic treatment, it’s a wall. The room is anchored by an accent wall with orange and brown stripes. “I’m kind of addicted to stripes,” Cassie says.
We also added bins to the bottom level of the open storage unit. These bins hold the REALLY big toy collections, such as Dinosaurs, Duplo Blocks, Little People and Wooden Train Tracks. They hold the REALLY big collections because the bins are REALLY big! No joke:
“I think it was a James Bond movie or something, but what does that have to do with anything?”
The deep lane led downhill, out of the woods and between high hedges bordering fields. A hollow way, where hundreds of years of hooves, feet and wheels have worn the track down below the level of the surrounding land.
We're in the middle of getting 6" of snow today. (Sigh) I thought spring was here, but I guess I have to wait for a few more days. The daffodils always get snowed on at least once. At least it's a nice day to stay inside and sew!
Billie Jean
-Psylocke tells Wolvie she was leaving the team, since she'd been battered recently with the death of Warren(kind of...) and her brother Jamie.
This film is probably the most stylishly done zombie flick ever made, but in some cases the two features don’t fit together well. The film looks amazing and Everett’s narration is beautiful. The story of the cemetery is a kind of strange thing to mix with the European style.
But Brodsky offered his own opinion: “As of right now, I need to know more of the facts that we sought and didn't get today, and we’ll get those by the end of the year.” (Later yesterday, NY1 reported that Silver had stalled the project.)
There seems to be a myth in the minds of certain anti-formula campaigners that it's easy for all women to breastfeed. Let me tell you, even for those of us who are blessed with fully-functional adequate mammary glands, it's never easy. It's painful at times, it can be psychologically arduous, it affects hormones and therefore mental health the whole time you do it, not to mention the fact that appropriate places to semi-disrobe and start feeding are too few and far between. And that's those of us who *can* do it. Plenty of women find that much as they'd like to give it a go, they can't. One of those things that is affected by genetic variation, I guess. Some women are very fertile, others have to try for years before they can have a baby. In much the same way, some women produce enough milk and some to spare for their babies and have no problem getting the baby to latch on, and some just aren't that lucky. Imagine how you would feel if that were you and you started using formula milk.. possibly some combination of misplaced guilt and reduced self-esteem, hormonal blues and worry.
Bramling
I wish I didn’t dream that everything was normal and wake up, knowing that it’s gone.
I'd see the oak tree in the acorn more often.
I love you buddy! Happy 3rd birthday big guy!
and that question is, "Who am I?"
We flew out of Louisville, KY on Saturday morning straight to Orlando, FL. After arriving in Orlando, FL we leased a car for the day and took the kids out for some fun. They just love these carnival type of rides so they had a blast!!
But that isn’t the information I turn to when I want to understand my writing better. Besides the words themselves, and there are a couple budding novels in there if I’m not careful – or maybe if I am. Some days it’s hard to tell. The information I gather lends more to understanding the process.
map impression
So today I was thinking about all of the stuff I need to do this week, and of course laundry was one of them. Then I started thinking.. how often do most people wait before washing their jeans? Do people really wear them like 5 times or more before washing? I feel like it really depends on the person, and if they are male or female. We all know that most men are rugged and don’t care how their jeans fit (and smell for that matter).
Hagay ZJ, Biran GB, Ornoy A, Reece EA. Congenital cytomegalovirus infection: a long-standing problem still seeking a solution. Am J Obstet Gynecol 1996; 174: 241-245.
I’m not saying it was a bad set. No one can honestly say fifteen songs of her belting voice made them feel disappointment (or if they could, they shouldn’t be reading this). Here’s a quick set-list:
George and Leo are two men in their 7th decades who find romance and love and in a way both of them come to momentous decisions overthrowing lifelong practices. The prose is well-written and the story is well-paced. I loved that it dared tell about aged characters.
a young mind and emerge at a later date.
Here's a great challenge offered over at the Pumpkin Spice blog...actually they have a few challenges running through Sunday night. Make sure you check them out and join in on the fun!
After touring the temple the girls and I headed downtown to the Jerusalem Cafe for some delicious Mediterranean food! We had stuffed grape leaves, hummus, tzatziki, lentil soup, kabobs and other amazingly delicious things! It was great and very affordable. Plus, I was in great company and all talked about our travel experiences- I love other people who really value travel!
16. Popular Revolt And Civil War, distinguishes between the two, and suggests that the dependence of the rebels in Libya upon the massive firepower of Imperialism, as compared with the revolts in Tunisia, Egypt, and Syria, suggest it falls into the category of the latter more than the former.
Then Gabrielle arrives. Mary sees, trapped within the Cathedral, a girl in red. An Outsider. She discovers in that instance, that there is more to the world than the village, than the Cathedral, the Forest of Hands and Teeth.
6) Obama Promised to Eliminate All Taxes for Seniors. That’s a damn lie; a President can’t eliminate State & Local Taxes for Seniors and only Congress can end the minimum seven percent tax rate.
it's not so bad and
When in high school, I remember walking through the mall and coming across my very first stamp store. I thought, wow how awesome is that! I bought my first stamp, from working my very first job ever at Weinerschnitzel and thought, "$10 bucks! OMG I will never have a collection of these babies!" Well, that was 4800 stamps ago! And that is not including my own by my hand! I always knew that I had to do something creative with all that runs around in my head. I had the will, had the time, but had no clue on how to "ink" an image... so I sought out help from some wonderful artists to get me started! It took off from there, I learned my programs and my wacom tablet and started to ask many of my artists for permissions on duplicating their styles, I of course will always give credit to the artists as it is their style but seeing how I can draw a bit, I thought I would start doing it all myself now that I knew how to work the tablet and my drawing programs. I look forward to another year, many more of my creations in my mind to hop on out and onto paper, ink, and of course onto the hands of many of my wonderful followers! I have so very much to share with you all and hope you continue to like the quirk that has become Simply Betty Stamps!
universal light,
Ahh, the simple joys of cable television, my friends.
One romance editor at St. Martin’s Press is actively looking for romantic suspense and paranormal romance. Interestingly enough, this desire to add more romantic suspense to a list seems to be universal (me too, me too). The key, I think, is to make sure your hook is there and your suspense is strong, and a little scary. Think Allison Brennan, one of the newest stars in this genre. If she’s the hottest new thing then that’s what everyone else is looking for. Okay, back to St. Martin’s . . . they have a lot of werewolves and vampires and this editor would rather see something fresh. She’s not a fan of futuristic or fantasy titles, but likes beasts and creatures and especially demons. She wants a new twist on vampires and werewolves. She would also like to see (like everyone else) heartwarming women’s fiction that could cross over into romance. Think Debbie Macomber.
Then a roadside bomb kills 6...
Gourmet Home. What exactly does this
“I gave up on pity along time ago,” Storm responds.
Determined not to miss lunch this day, we drove back to New Orleans and ate at Marigny Brasserie, before heading further into the French Quarter to catch one of the three Easter Parades. We must have caught the most boring of the three. Each nearly identical float carried white people in their Sunday best as they threw beads and candy into the crowd. I saw two small girls suffer near concussions from the bulbous tangles of beads that plopped on their heads. We walked to Jackson Square for beignets and to catch a quiet moment along the Mississippi away from all the silliness. The sun’s heat forced us on the move again, so we explored the deserted business district in the shade of tall buildings. Always on the look out for great 1930s architecture, we spotted a federal building with lovely stone work:
It is an indication that Sake is getting more popular, that it is deserving of significant recognition. Though Sake imports to the U.S. have been increasing each year, it still has a long way to go for more mainstream acceptance. So, articles like this help that acceptance, assisting in demystifying this wonderful drink. I hope that those reading the interview get intrigued about sake, and decide to give it a try. With its wide diversity of flavor profiles, nearly anyone will be able to find a sake they will enjoy.
And the sudden sense of solace,
I woke up this morning and thought, "There's a hurricane outside."
'Don't worry' said spokesperson 'we will *try*you again..'
Get the picture?
What I'm reading: Out of Range, by C.J. Box; Undercover in High Heels, by Gemma Halliday (Nook); Come and Find Me, by Hallie Ephron (bike)
Aaron Cook was selected by the Rockies in the 2nd round of the 1997 amateur draft. The Rockies were wise to show patience with Cook's slow rise to the majors. He currently holds the record for most career victories as a Rockie and figures to hold that record for at least the next few years. In his 10 seasons with Colorado, Cook had a record of 72-68 with a 4.53 ERA and 558 strikeouts. Following the 2011 season, Cook left the Rockies via free agency and signed with Boston.
September 11 falls on a Saturday this year, 2010. That's the second time since the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon that "9/11" has fallen on a Saturday. The first time was 2004. Nobody in 2004 wanted to get married on 9/11 -- the horrific memories of 2001 were too raw.
I used to sell bags or folders made of fun chum tetra packs.
Catarpillarmen
