“The first principle of value that we need to rediscover is this: that all reality hinges on moral foundations.” In other words, that this is a moral universe, and that there are moral laws of the universe just as abiding as the physical laws. I’m not so sure we all believe that.
You may notice that my index and middle finger look different than my ring finger and pinky. I put on a coat of Orly Liquid Vinyl on my index and middle finger for each polish I'm going to show you. I prefer having a coat of black underneath these polishes. I think it gave the polishes more depth and made the colors pop more. It looks nice without the base color as well and I wanted you to see them with and without the black. Make sense? Ok! Here we go!
GameSpot already activated as allotment of its scoring action — forth with gameplay, graphics, sound, and bulk — a "Reviewer's Tilt." This was a annual alignment from one to ten that was averaged into the added arrangement to accord the analyst an access over the final score. It accustomed the analyst to annual for unquantifiable factors such as artful appeal, affecting response, or in some cases, the authentic qualities like adventitious and acting. If a bold was boilerplate in all of its abstruse aspects, but had a absorbing presentation and top epitomize value, the analyst can reflect that in his "tilt." In contrast, if a bold had aberrant abstruse aspects, but an unengaging adventitious and blah gameplay, the "tilt" can be bargain to reflect that. I anticipate it was a abundant arrangement and in actuality exemplified the point that gaming is a absolute claimed and abstract experience, and not a in actuality abstruse one.
The last thing we would suggest is that you put on your altar a small branch of an evergreen, we prefer cedar as cedar was and is the sacred tree of the Cherokees, the indigenous peoples of your area. To those in other locations, feel free to choose an evergreen of your liking. If there are any other things that you would like to put on your altar, and you are absolutely clear about their relevance to the season, then by all means do so. You may wish, on the days that it snows, to sprinkle a little bit of artificial snow on the altar.
b) one 1024×1024 full-length shot of your avatar wearing Danielle Mirette Cocktail Special Edition dress (any color)
I had a Zywiec Pilsner from Poland. Not bad. Not great though. Surprised me as I was expecting more bitterness to it and there really wasn’t much. It had much more of a malt flavor, which sort of was odd on a pilsener. There was nothing special on this one though. I would give it a 2.
I think the answer is this: Most adults do not want to give teenagers any respect. It's inconvenient. It's not how we were raised. It's scary. And the simple fact is that it seems easier to just lay down the law. "My way or the highway" and "As long as you live under my roof."
another addition with be some liquid pearls. oh, the things that product can do! imagine a thick liquid version of the perfect pearls we used back in February. they are available in 30 colours.
It used to bring me
He had us with the first howl!
7. Question beer authority. More than I have been. Go and see it made, go and taste it there, go to primary sources, stop repeating stuff someone else just made up. Be a historian again.
‘Erikoussa‘ Length 76 cm
I am thinking ...an apple pound cake OR apple mini muffins for tomorrow's soccer match.
I have nothing on the walls yet. Still figuring out what to do there... But, I think these paisley patterns would match nicely with the room. What do you think?
Sounds like: If Juno had been made several years later, they would’ve featured emphatically on its soundtrack – softly-sung acoustic songs with cutesy-but-perceptive/quirky lyrics. Sort of like a 2-person, less saccharine version of Noah and the Whale.
I understand that I am a woman, but that doesn’t mean I don’t have a job to do and, while it’s not much to brag about, I am damn good at my job. People may not see the harm in calling a woman in uniform “sweetie” or “darling,” and if you’re past middle age, I can forgive you for treating the younger world like they’re all your grandchildren, but if you’re middle-aged or younger, you can shove your demeaning “sweetheart”s up your ass. You don’t call a black man “boy” or “negro” because it says, “You are less of a person than I am.” Just because women might not kick your ass for being sexist or racist doesn’t make it okay. And I’m not stupid, no matter how many rich ass holes assume I am. I can tell the difference between “You have a great day, sweetie!” and “It’s been precious talking to you, but I’ve got important male things to attend to so open the damn gate, sweetheart.” I understand that there are differences in tone and inflection and underlying meaning, and I respond differently to differences in each. When it all comes down to it, I probably would have seethed about it for a few minutes and then let it go if I hadn’t gotten what were essentially two male point-of-view responses telling me I was being an over-emotional woman about it. No, I’m not. I’m being a human being about being treated like a lesser person.
But being a mom of two girls & having like one boy outfit isn't gonna cut it.
Today goes on record as another day that I hate cancer though our son is healed and whole pursuing his hopes and dreams by the Mercy of God, there are people we know and love battling this devastating disease as it rages through their body infiltrating their flesh while helpless friends and family watch and pray. The doctors have done all that they know to do so all step back and wait for their Savior. How will He come? When will arrive? Is the Lord already here? God’s Mercy is commonly misunderstood by definition by many Christians due to a lack of knowledge myself included. Old Testament saints were saved by the Mercy of God as a forbearance of sin because Jesus Christ had not yet paid the penalty for our transgressions. On a day, when the voices of many are calling for His Mercy, may we strive to understand the profound grace, hope, love and freedom found in the New Mercy of God available to us through Jesus Christ, our Lord.
The closer Grace gets to Daniel, the more she jeopardizes her life, as her actions stir resentment in Jude and drive him to embrace the ancient evil Daniel unleashed that horrific night. Grace must discover the truth behind the boy's dark secret...and the cure that can save the ones she loves. But she may have to lay down the ultimate sacrifice to do it--her soul.
Last night my husband and I discussed consistency. We've been practicing this DD thing for awhile now. So far I really haven't gotten into too much trouble. Which is a good thing, but I also feel guilty for getting away with what I feel is quite a bit. Mostly I think I haven't gotten into too much trouble because its usually just getting chores done and if they aren't done there's a reason for it. (Worked late, had to run errands, or we spent time together instead.) The other day though I didn't get them done. And I honestly didn't even care. I was tired & cranky and didn't give a ....
Maxine Monday
Other common weapons in this age were the cudgel and quarterstaff, both obviously a hefty piece of wood, and could often be quite rough in form. However, only a fool would underestimate their effectiveness. Indeed, in the 16th century the famous English weapon master George Silver had rated the quarterstaff as the best of all tools in an Englishman’s arsenal. The basic thrust of his argument was that the staff could outreach swords and daggers, and was faster and far less unwieldy than other weapons of the era such as Halberds and Pike.
5) Maybe it is just meant to be… embrace it!
After you do one of the above steps, take your board/surface, wipe off excess oil and sprinkle it generously with flour. Gently tip the bowl of dough onto the surface, and form an oblong loaf by gently but firmly pinching the opposite ends of the mass together. Take a cloth, gently place this uncooked loaf in it seam side up. Sprinkle with more flour. Wrap it lightly to help it keep its shape. Let it rise for about 10-15 mins while you warm up the oven.
I'll start with the two most famous men on campus...(Pretty much the only men...other than Harrison from GroopDealz...) Conrad Jon and Jacob Jon, as I lovingly renamed them.
Where NO little monsters can see it!!
SCHLESSINGER: Hi.
There's nothing said
Although fluent in Spanish, I'm not trained to help Josué in all of the areas he needs. So, long story short, with the help of my Teach For America mentor, I was put in contact with the head of a program that helps students with interrupted formal educations.
Our house's stucco has been started and the first coat of paint (Birch White by Dunn Edwards) went up! While it's not as white as I wanted it to be, I think it looks pretty good and the warmth of the white keeps the house from looking like a sterile hospital :)
Council members also heard budget proposals from firefighter, police officers and parks & recreation employees at the meeting.
Weddings, Brothers and Sister-in-laws:
Reaching Badrinath easy with the Rishikesh railway station situated 300 kms from here and Kotdwar station at 327 kilometers from the pilgrim. One can also reach Badrinath by road as it is well connected with Rishikesh, Haridwar, Dehradun, Kotdwar and other hill stations of Garhwal and Kumaon region.
Among other things are truth. Such as your pen working. Seeing no Rock people in Memorial. What to do with your hands during worship. What meeting with Mazvita is like. What meeting with Peggy is like. Honduras. Fall Retreat. Core Group. All of this, is so perfectly illustrated through the tumblr, it’s mega crazy awesome.
“…leave all these people alone and let people believe what they want to believe.” The site J linked wanted to change pi to three, which is incorrect. That f**ks over almost EVERYTHING we know about math. The things these people believe are detrimental to their health, my health, and the healths of people around them. Religious people say that condoms don’t help stop the spread of AIDS, because condoms are sinful in the eyes of an imaginary being in the sky. They also don’t want stem-cell research which could save millions of lives. They want to ban gay marriage, which can prevent children from being adopted into loving homes. They want to teach creationism in the schools, which will lead to scientifically illiterate children. These beliefs are harmful to society, and that is why I challenge them. What you were saying in your original comment, is just nonsense and not worth responding to, because you obviously don’t know what you are talking about, but you try to appear as if you do by trying to insult me and my arguments. I’m sorry if you don’t like it that I don’t want retarded beliefs destroying the world in which we all inhabit.
Point of no return: Besides the title, and the cover illustration? It's about one of my favourite people! First line: "Emily was a serious girl."
See.
This is my little friend C. You might remember her from previous posts... she's one of my treasured local buddies. Nine going on 39. I've told her about i live here: SF before and although she sounded mildly interested (in between quizzing me in long division and using up my cell phone battery to play games on my iPhone), I didn't think I'd ever scoop her.
The branch was also coloured with markers - Chocolate Chip, Certainly Celery and Rose Red. The cage was stamped in Basic Black. The birdies were stamped with Rose Red ink.
One of two things has happened since I bought my last pair of jeans a few years ago.
I don’t really think that the home holds the significance that was explained tonight. It’s a house. Some wood and nails. It’s the way a farmer lives. Nothing fancy. But look at the windows. The shades are down, folks. You know that man did not do that. IT’S A HINT, DUDE! While he’s out plowing the fields, wifey is sending visual messages that this guy isn’t acting on. This upsets me…rather unnerving. Poor wifey.
Here I made bold to suggest that the evil he complained of was one which would soon remedy itself, and that the population of London quite sufficient to support both modes of transit.
At this point a couple of people noticed I was upset and asked if they could help. I gave them Cameron's description and kept on looking. Fifteen minutes had gone by and no one had seen him. I finally let the tears come. I had lost my son. I was scared and of course all these horrible thoughts started to enter my mind. About ten more minutes passed and I finally found a police officer. I told him I couldn't find my son. He asked what his name was and when I told him he said, "He's fine. He's over by the information desk. A couple of ladies found him and brought him over." The information desk was at least a football field length away, maybe more. I wondered how far we had wandered before those ladies found him.
They did not want to rush, still, into the wedding planning. They wanted it the following year and really wanted to take their time. No problem. Now, the wedding is less then 8 months away. They’ve been living together now for 3 years and yes, as every relationship goes through, there have been ups and downs.
How might the techniques of fragmentation and quotation in “The Waste Land” form a critique of Arnold’s notion of culture? At first, I had to actually go back to my blog about Arnold’s “Culture and Anarchy.” After rereading it, I could see the parallels.
I am not a terribly religious person, but the God I was taught about would be fine with lying under these circumstances.
To learn more about the truth, read: *In Defense of the Indians by Bartolome de las Casas *A People's History by Howard Zinn *Lies My Teacher Told Me by James Louwen *Rethinking Columbus by Bigelow and Peterson *The Voyages of Christopher Columbus by Rex and Thea Rienits *The Log of Christopher Columbus by Robert H. Fuson *The Journal of Columbus by Clarkson N. Potter *1421,The Year China Discovered America by Gavin Menzies *America Discovers Columbus by John Noble Wilford *The Conquest of Paradise by KirkpatrickSale *The Columbus Dynasty in the Caribbean by Troy S. Floyd *The Conquest of America by Tzvetan Todorov *Columbus & Cortez, Conquerors for Christ by Eidsmoe.
I then attempt to put on her school stockings but she hates them, I wonder if this is a genetic thing because I hated them too when I was a kid. She’s pulling them out of her butt and she keeps telling me they feel funny in her shoes so the shoes come off and on and off and on and off and on again as she tries to perfectly position her stocking so it doesn’t annoy her. Somehow through this process I am remain calm but she’s starting to lose it.
To the angel of the church in Ephesus write: These are the words of him who holds the seven stars in his right hand and walks among the seven golden lampstands: I know your deeds, your hard work and your perseverance. I know that you cannot tolerate wicked men, that you have tested those who claim to be apostles but are not, and have found them false. You have persevered and have endured hardships for my name, and have not grown weary. Yet I hold this against you: You have forsaken your first love. Remember the height from which you have fallen! Repent and do the things you did at first. If you do not repent, I will come to you and remove your lampstand from its place. But you have this in your favor: You hate the practices of the Nicolaitans, which I also hate. He who has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit says to the churches. To him who overcomes, I will give the right to eat from the tree of life, which is in the paradise of God.
This article gets bonus points by referencing the war nerd.
My mom came home terribly upset and we decided to wait. He was so happy. He was active and feisty. It seemed wrong to put him down when his quality of life seemed good and he didn't act sick at all. Well, the last few days he seemed to be getting less and less comfortable. He used to sleep in my dad's lap at night while my dad watched tv but he had stopped because he couldn't get comfortable even there.
Saturday the girls took a special trip to American Girl to have lunch at the American Girl Cafe and shop for Christmas gifts. We ended up running into my Mom, my Aunt Jane, my Mom's friend Barb and her daughter Mary, which was really fun, all doing a bit of Christmas shopping of their own! I have a feeling this is going to be a big AG Christmas. Ellie had a ball at the store with her doll in arm and loved her super-fancy girls' lunch. Ellie's doll got to join her at the table and even got her own little cup of tea. The American Girl Cafe is adorable- I'm definitely planning to do a Coffey girls trip there there this winter- I know Sadie, Gracie, and Lilly would love it as well!
Judeo-Christianity, like Pope Urban II, teaches we all must honor Israel ahead of America, and even rebuild a temple there before Jesus will come. The story has hardly changed in a thousand years. Never mind the fact that Jesus did not seem to say anything like this. Urban II did not share his private economic dreams with the peasants, but he did tell the leaders of the Crusade that the purpose of holy wars was for the loot, and the Crusaders proved to be expert looters.
Smith et al. (2008) posits that blue monkeys were less vulnerable when emptying their cheek pouch than filling them, therefore supporting the hypothesis that cheek pouch is selected for predator avoidance and reducing exposure to aerial predation. These blue monkeys (and most arboreal primates) retrieve to an area with high-density foliage and closer to the trunk of the tree to reduce exposure to predators.
Another fun feature on the City of Edmonton website is the Reuse & Recycling Directory. Type in whatever you need to get rid of, and it’ll tell you where you can drop it off. It will list recycling stations as well as shelters and community associations that you can donate items to. You can access the search engine at the bottom of this page: http://www.edmonton.ca/for_residents/garbage_recycling/eco-stations.aspx
In my husband's closet (we just call it his closet but let's be honest, only half of it is really his) I have two hangers full of scarves. Most have been gifts, but a few I actually purchased on my own. I love scarves, but for some reason or another, I hardly ever wear them. One day, a few weeks back, we had a string of colder days so I decided it was a good opportunity to wear a scarf. I was trying to come up with an outfit where I could actually leave the scarf on all day...not just wear it when I was outside. This is what I came up with:
No, the only thing I mentioned on my facebook wall is that I booked a flight. I know in my heart that I will have a great time. My daughter thinks I will be lonely. Time will tell. I’m just excited that I finally got the nerve to do something instead of just talking about places I would like to see.
Become a follower (or already be one) –
“Have you ever stopped to think what fun this business of living can be? If you haven't, and if you are one of those who insist upon believing that life is humdrum, grim and boring, then I'm afraid this department is not for you. For I don't believe any such thing. I know that we can all free ourselves and live our lives fully, zestfully and joyfully!”
So there you have it. I'm a trained and experienced photojournalist but when it came to seeing Magda in grave danger, I didn't get the shot.
Week 12 at Miami: The Seahawks and Dolphins both eyed changes at Quarterback in the offseason. After both falling out of the Peyton Manning sweepstakes, Seattle turned to be more appealing as Matt Flynn came to the northwest. Miami drafted Ryan Tannehill, who will attempt to duel with Flynn in this week 12 matchup. The Seahawks lost a close one in 2008 to the Dolphins 21-19.
"The times are out of joint. Aggressive forces let loose in the world have caused two world wars and have started rumblings of a third. How can comic books be blamed (and some blame them almost exclusively) for an increase of violence and in delinquency?
still havent got camera with large enough head so big dax
Americans, Frenchmen, Irish; but we knew not the things they spoke.
Living in the South, and spending a lot of time outdoors, I have pretty dry skin. Which only magnifies the lines and creases, so I'm learning the importance of a good moisturizer. The Predermine Densifying Anti-Wrinkle Cream seems to plump out my skin instantly, without leaving a greasy feel. The smell is a little granny 'mature' for my taste, but only the tiniest bit is required and it glides like silk across your face.
Paper & sentiment - Craftwork Cards.
Greystar Earrings (Czech faceted glass, seed and bugle beads, nylon thread, silvertone wire and earwires)
And then deep in the abyss that is my purse, my fingers grazed across the ultimate solution...which is why, if you'd driven past us on the highway tonight and snuck a peek in the backseat of my car, you'd have seen my son with a tampon shoved up his left nostril, the string flapping in the breeze of his downed window. Somewhere in the wilds, I think Bear Grylls felt a chill rush through him. Such ingenuity! Such, well, we'll leave it at that. That's a merit badge right there, kids! Here, son, use this giant Q-tip to staunch the blood!
I’ve kept a copy of the Ball Programme, the cover of which was graced by his wonderful drawing, and of course the original artwork. I’ve also kept our voluminous correspondence – three telegrams from the great man himself. And what a great man he was: I’ve long been a supporter of the R.N.L.I. (the Lifeboat charity); Giles was a keen sailor and used to draw them wonderful Christmas Cards, which they still have in their collections and re-issue one every year. I used to love sending Christmas cards, but sadly, with postal charges now so obscenely high, I won’t be sending any this year, if only as a protest.
Why don’t they ask him what his position on Afghanistan is?
Thanks, Tessa, for the tasty inspiration!
Brzezinski: people made fun of the
June 26 – Madison, WI – Mikey’s Tavern
But I had a win next with this lavender and blue flower vintage sheet set. It had two queen sheets and 4 pillowcases. It is so sweet I was inspired to try a pillowcase dress for the first time.
Hope you all had a wonderful weekend and a creative Sunday :)
Other pyramids have been explored by a Dr. Ray Brown on the sea floor off the Bahamas in 1970. Brown was accompanied by 4 divers who also found roads, domes, rectangular buildings, unidentified metallic instruments, and a statue holding a “mysterious” crystal containing miniature pyramids. The metal devices and crystals were taken to Florida for analysis at a university there. What was discovered was that the crystal amplified energy that passed through it. Perhaps this is the reason for the glass-like pyramid!
- kaz , west sussex, 02/3/2012 15:04
Quintet for Oboe, Clarinet, Horn, Bassoon and Piano
The nation will fracture as separatist factions arise across regions of the country and find a voice in Ottawa through special interest parties. I say this because world events and history have made clear that people like to govern themselves and what unites a people is primarily language, race, religion, ethnicity, as well as a shared history. Most immigrants to Canada have little to none of this in common with the host society and will only divide the nation as they increase in number. As a consequence certain regions will become defined by their ethnicity/race/religion and will have little in common with each other. An Asian dominated B.C. will have little in common with with a south Asian dominated Ontario which will have little in common with a native dominated Saskatchewan and Territories which will have nothing in common with French speaking Quebec. If language is enough to compel Quebec to secede imagine the potency when you through race and religion into the mix.
I'm off now to try and work on a card using a La La Land stamp that I coloured with my Copic's on Friday night at Leane's Scrappin Night. I only managed to get 1 done as half way through colouring I took a lid off and it splattered over the first attempt. Oh well I'm much happier with the results of the 2nd one. I will upload the card when I get it finished or once I have given to the person I am making it for as it is a surprise.
SO insanely digging the crib--you don't often see a crib in this soft shade of grey. Love it!
Today represented a bit of change in the crazy schedule our team has been keeping. We were able to spend time with the eight G.R.O.W. children under Sumitra (Faa)'s care. The girls had a makeover and the boys carried sand to the playground. Everyone joined in the work and the fun that came later on -- throwing balloons with a sling shot, taking pictures, swimming, shopping with the kids, eating ice cream and eating some of the best food we have eaten so far, courtesy of Beam, Faa's assistant.
Not far away is Pivovar Yokohama, the wonderful Czech styled small bar/brewpub, in the building housing the Yokohama Beer brewery. Recommended beers include the Anaconda wheat and the Scorpion Deathlock DIPA, if they have it.
*The keycode has been changed to protect the innocent.
The top of the hill
Not even close, actually.
Granted Wednesday is Photo day on this blog, but I wanted to share this photo and I have nothing else finished to that I can post today. Enjoy!
"Hello from Ontario! I've been a crafter since forever...you name it, I've tried it! I discovered stamping about 25 years ago when stamp stores were few and far between, but have literally made all my own cards since then. I started scrapbooking when I started a family, and joined CTMH just over 6 years ago when the company switched to acrylic stamps, and saw the amazing possibilities they would provide.
Carter was the first to photograph a public execution by ‘necklacing,’ forcing a rubber tire, filled with petrol, around a victim’s chest and arms, and setting it on fire. The victim may take up to 20 minutes to die, suffering severe burns in the process. The victim was Maki Skosana who had been accused of having a relationship with a police officer.
On the set below, I tried using black and white to temper the sheer brightness of this color, and it worked to a point. It reminds me a bit of the color of clownfish. However, even the pic of these beads downplays the brightness of the orange. Put on sunglasses!
What these three articles have done is turn me completely inward to evaluate what role I have played in perpetuating a society that allows us to destroy ourselves and others without a backward glance. What is it about us that require one to be right and the other wrong? Why do we feel the need to bully each other or nature into submission? What genetically predisposes us to dominate, destroy, isolate, and control?
In light of yesterday's post, it may seem hypocritical of me to write positively about a distillery that is selling a corn whiskey labeled as moonshine and a half-corn, half-sugar spirit called sugar shine. It may be a fine distinction, but they aren't romanticizing crime or criminality, it's about the products themselves. T. J. Pottinger was not a moonshiner. Sugar shine is an authentic recipe and representative of what at least some moonshine used to be. Most of it today is 100 percent sugar. I would be happier if they dropped the 'moonshine' name from the corn whiskey and just called it what it is.
Right now he could really use a shoulder
As an addendum I should add that the final insult to the injury was that our flight was dumped at the North Terminal of Gatwick unplanned at the last minute, so all those meeters and greeters had to make it across on the mon0rail. Then I experienced what I’d read about only days earlier, the queue for the UK Borders passport checks were farcical.
A study was conducted that basically said that we don't just read because it engages our creative mind, but that "readers get the same psychological benefits of belonging when immersed in plot as when part of a real-world group."
Aretha Franklin: The Queen of Soul by Mark Bego ($16.95, Skyhorse publishing, softcover) will surely please her fans. She celebrated her 70th birthday in March and the author, one of the best popular culture biographers around, has provided a no-holds-barred look at this extraordinary talent. I was surprised to learn she recorded her first album at age 14 and found stardom in her twenties. It has not been an easy life. She had two teen pregnancies and an abusive marriage, plus drinking problems, and battles with her weight. Then there was the murder of her father, so fabled as her singing career has been, she has had her share of troubles. In the end, it will be her career that people will remember her for, but for those who want to know about the rest, this book will fill in the gaps. Another singer/song writer who left his mark on American culture was Woody Guthrie and Robert Santelli, executive director of the Grammy Museum, has written a homage to him in This Land is Your Land ($24.00, Running Press). This large format book is a definitive Guthrie biography, filled with the kind of information that often comes as a surprise. Among his numerous friendships, for example, were John Steinbeck, Pete Seeger, and Bob Dylan. Guthrie is remembered for his advocacy for the working man and it was a part of all his music. His travels throughout the nation inspired much of it. Any fan of folk music will want to add this book to their library.
-Cena is now tied to the ringpost with his legs on the ringpost! Fuck!
Available at: Barnes & Noble, Amazon.com
The debut album is 11 beautifully crafted and shaped tracks, all giving off different emotion, energy and vibe. Just like a lot of the best music being made at the moment Lower Dens are a fuzzy and hazy ride which is sure to fascinate.
Sounds & scans below
#15 1975 Curtis Collier EP Burges 330 Yard Hurd. 37.7
Today Keri and I went out for a little impromptu ride. We originally were just going to putz around and get her used to using friction shifting (long story.) Instead we did 20 miles going down the bike path and doing the reverse of the lake loop I did on Friday. The weather was great and I would’ve liked to go on a little longer, but hunger, and not wearing bike shorts got the best of me. 20 is better than 0 I suppose!
Constantly we assume that people in politics take their positions for granted and question their use of the tax payers dollars but now we’re slamming one woman because she won’t pay out a debt of her son’s?
In short, most White people have no sense of a true Home today. They cannot define themselves because they cannot define their civilization/Home.
JC stepped into the Barrio and took over. JC was a big, Irish, redheaded, mother of a man. He’s old school New York and old school Irish-American. He had a Puerto Rican wife and they have two kids together. Now, most of the clubs in New York for their weekend talent fight over the huge – nationally known names – for their weekend lineups. But, not JC, probably because he couldn’t afford them. So, he went with us, middle level acts, sprinkled with a known name here and there. The Barrio was a strange place in that we, the middling acts, were grateful for the weekend stage time, however, we had put those named acts up on a pedestal. Once they started coming in and only doing as well as us middlers, we sort of felt like, “Wait a minute….why are we being paid less and this guy is no where near as good as his resume says…What gives?” It created a real solidarity among us. It was sort of like a baseball player getting pulled up from the minors and going, “Hold on a sec, I’m at least as strong as that outfielder.” We didn’t feel that way about every big act, obviously, but we definitely did about most of them. It unified us and created a brother/ sisterhood of sorts.
Me: how do you remember that, it was almost two weeks ago?
Ph: 812-323-2112
Also went to a place to swim in the river simple called el Pozo where I had the opportunity to see 5 different hummingbirds, a very pleasant little town for chilling out.
Genres : Horror
You run out of groceries in the days before your husbands next pay day that's what happens!
It’s funny that such a coincidence would come about right after I finished reading Asimov’s Foundation Trilogy (review of the third book is in the works), because this first volume of Valerian and Laureline definitely shares some ideas with Asimov, though on a much smaller scale.
plantation, and again to California;
I ask you a simple question, Kari Huus....how do you sleep at night, you hypocritical twit? This is the same Kari Huus that wrote this article about a Chinese woman activist and the terrible abuse she was subjected to by the Chinese government. Hmmmm. So we have the bleeding heart of Kari Huus reaching out to the poor woman in China but she's 100% behind Muslim men in America getting away killing their wives and daughters in the name of allah?
Indeed, this pilgrim has recently traveled to the UK, Belgium and France, where the buzz in the pubs (at least detected by me) was that the American crafties were leading the charge for creative, bigger and better brews.
Just several klicks south of Deadman Island the sun would of been completely exposed & thus, a great sunset I bet!
i mean, who doesn’t love giveaways?
Did I mention I had Navy SEALS, EOD, and RECON Marines teaching me how to drive?
We welcome your comments by clicking the comment link below.
While the meat is cooking, melt the butter in a medium-size pot over medium-high heat. Stir in the flour and cook about 1 minute. Whisk in milk, bring up to a bubble and let thicken, about 2 minutes. Turn off heat and stir in the cheese.
I anticipate that there will, in time, be an exchange of midwives between the public and private homebirth options. This will be good for midwifery, and good for birthing women.
Until then, I will leave you with a picture of some of my favorite people. This is Steven's childhood best friend and his sweet fiance. I love them and had SO much fun doing their engagement pictures!
These days, parents are so paranoid about what might happen to their child, regardless of how unlikely it might be, that they insulate them from life. It’s disgusting and sad, really. Parents (and grandparents) insist that the world is significantly more dangerous today than it was back when they were kids. This is not true at all. In fact, crime rates are much lower today than they were in the 70′s, 80′s and even 90′s (when they happened to dip significantly). News stories abound regarding the major dip in crime over the last decade. Seriously, Google it.
Kotlikoff explained why most Americans have been unaware of how bad the situation was. “Based on the Congressional Budget Office’s data, I calculate a fiscal gap of $202 trillion, which is more than 15 times the official debt.“
And the LORD passed by before him, and proclaimed, The LORD, The LORD God, merciful and gracious, longsuffering, and abundant in goodness and truth,
Don’t break the cycle, you are God’s image on earth!
I have had a question heavy on my heart lately. Is it OK to scale back so far in life commitments that it allows me the state of peace to enjoy being a stay at home mom and all that entails?
Nor is there any lack of evidence from the home market of the organisation’s malign effect on our own culture. Murdoch staff have, variously, destroyed the competitive and financial balance of the national sport, taken cruel and salacious elements in the downmarket press to new heights of mindless prurience, made a great many formerly free-to-air events available only by pay-per-view, single-handedly created and then expanded the harassment of private citizens both outside and inside their own homes, paid police officers for information, used criminal means to obtain information about celebrities, lied to various judges in relation to the phone-hacking scandal, lied to the victims of it, somehow used their influence with the Metropolitan Police to persuade them to lie about the seriousness of it, hacked the mobile phones and messaging services of at least 300 people in public life, and illegally monitored the telephonic private conversations and texts of the Head of State’s family, a Chancellor of the Exchequer, scores of people in the Legislature, members of the intelligence services, senior sporting figures, senior media figures, and a previous Minister of Culture.
For example, your favorite meal could have taken place in your grandmothers kitchen. It might have been in Fall, with meatloaf and mashed potatoes. With the sound of leaves crackling outside. And a teapot boiling. It might have been the only time she told you about her dream of being a piano player.
Can he really marry a woman in the name of business?
Then I realized that I was sitting in a Safeway parking lot, consumed by anxiety over whether some fictional being that grants wishes was going to screw me out of my wish through a technical loophole involving death, brain damage or prolonged unconsciousness.
I remember someone once challenging the merit of Joyce’s Ulysses because it doesn’t exist as a completed whole. His argument went something like this: in the thousands of minor and some not so minor differences in the existing manuscripts and proofs, there is no way to decide what a definitive, authorial edition would look like. What we have, then—is a collective assemblage representing no single aesthetic vision, and therefore, does not exist as an unity. Setting aside arguments for how collective, even accidental productions, might come together as unified systems—which is how I would have responded at the time—the more basic, and unexamined assumption here, is the idea of unity itself—that there can ever be such a thing as a ‘whole.’
Recently, several NAHB members have expressed concern about gypsum producers’ stated plans for significant price increases in 2012, some as high as 35%. An increase of this magnitude will raise gypsum prices to a level almost 20% above the long-term trend.
So what about the New Year. Well I have big plans for 2012!!
t - time
GUNPG Blog (gunpgblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
The argument
11. Colossal
Maybe I'll share soon!?!
somehow Lycidas mixed with
Not sure whether you want to read what I said or at least what I wanted to say, because I forgot bits and pieces in all my nervousness but here it is.....(and I dedicate these words to my mother, love you mum!).
Part of the reason I went with the furniture was I’ve never really liked the pedestal. It’s never been my favourite display mechanism. And I had these fancy, ornate objects; I thought, What works for displaying these?
according to realtors today. First impressions are important, so
HEALTHY BREAKFAST GRANOLA
The following are actual instances to which we've added Michael Scott's famous quote. If you're easily offended, I would stop reading right about now. If you're open to crass and childish humor, get on it (that's what she said):
China has invested around 40 billion dollars in the Islamic republic’s oil and gas sector, but Chinese imports of Iranian oil fell in the first half of 2010, a senior Iranian official told Mehr news agency on Saturday.
The setting up of the camp next to Stonehaven Outdoor pool comes just weeks before the leading tourist destination is set to open for it’s busy summer season. The facility is set to open on May 26 following extensive repairs to the art deco pool.
Next, note what God warns the Israelites about following the pagan practices of the people of Canaan once they entered:
To add to the charm further, the cool wind is blowing. The tiny drops of rains are feeling so cold against the body that there’s a palpable relief on the face of every Bangalorean who has been braving the heat and humidity for over past month now. Every Bangalorean is expressing joy at the unexpected yet much needed rains and are doing whatever they can to welcome them with open arms.
Causes point to understanding
week and be sure to use a High Hopes image
Shots of Whisky
Never heard of it??? Don't feel bad. I hadn't heard of it either, but once I was introduced to the player, I couldn't wait to try it!! The Beamz Player is the MOST UNIQUE product that I have come across thus far!! I am uber excited to share it with you! In order for you to fully understand exactly what the Beamz Player can do, please view the video below.
10. Lady, Your Roof Brings Me Down
The reunion was...strained. We shook hands, embraced one-armed as men will do. We talked briefly, but it was shaky, uncertain, and we both could smell the nervousness on each other, like two leery adult dogs who barely remember being litter mates at one time. He asked about the ballooning, he talked about his own gaining of a pilot's license. I stuttered incoherently a bit, his jitters nearly had him climbing the aisle behind him. He told me he'd moved back home, to the little town next to ours, right across the river. I wasn't sure what to say, just smiled and we parted.
I've written the book and edited it several times. I have worked with critique partners, and finally I have a fully edited manuscript, for which the working title was Bolter Baron. I've now, after much deliberation and nail-biting, given it a title which I believe will be more appropriate:
14 Art Of Parties
So here is a rough guide to the perfect Cosmo. The balance of acidity and sweetness is up to you, I personally like my tastebuds to flip flop between the two undecided. Make sure you chill your glass down thoroughly before hand.
- Tissue paper 6 packs 2-ply 126′s $3.98 each (Scotties)
Reaching out, I will become one with unending melody of creation.
And his father got mad
Hemmingbyrd quickly looks at him with eyes of daggers.
If you saw some art, and you had no knowledge of the creator, and you thought it was a work of genius... and then you found out the artist had murdered somebody then committed suicide ten years ago... would you think less of the artwork?
When a senator and pharmaceutical giant partner to experiment with a new drug on pregnant women, they tap into a world they never knew existed – the supernatural touching the natural – and it will cost the innocent more than they know.
You can always follow both if you like tho
15. Cowboy's Dream
Here's another question I'd like to send to the other side: Why do I have to pay these guys' salaries?
Do you need contemplation? Do you remember it?
300g green almonds (approximately 30 almonds, or 2/3lb)
RG: The most common mistakes are:
I always say food becomes boring once you stop experimenting and thinking of new combinations, forms, solutions, etc. Happy experimenting!
like crystallized smoke
I just witnessed the wonderful beauty of the built-in control of error!
Mustard seeds - 1/4 teaspoon
Poor little Riley had a seizure this morning.....think we might be taking it quietly for a while, no agility for him tomorrow. He's had one before about a year ago but bounced back. Fingers crossed for my little buddy......
This is the screen that started my obsession. Asian decor tends to have a lot of yellow and red. But I’m a big fan of the unusual screens with cool tones, pink, and crisp white. Bonus points for screens that depict birds, which many do. I *love* birds. I would really like this exact screen for my house.
Watching Puck and Sean grow up was interesting. They grew in such a unique way. Not your usual “become mature” YA style. They didn’t run into an issue and “grow up”. In a lot of ways both Sean and Puck were traditionally adult already. Caring for their respective families, holding down jobs, orphans…they seem to have run the gamut of situations that authors use to mature their teenage characters.
"Urm… who’s this Doctor chap?"
I was lazy for much of the day, until I decided to head out and enjoy the beautiful day. My mother was gardening all day, and when I finally emerged from the house I helped out a bit by trimming the bushes. My dad also got his new (to him only) Yamaha motorcycle started up. VROOM VROOM! I'm really looking forward to getting a ride on it once it's all fixed up...
3/16/12 I am thankful for
When all Israel heard the verdict the king had given, they held the king in awe, because they saw that he had wisdom from God to administer justice. (NIV)
Our office move is officially complete. It was a giant pain in the butt and looking back, I realize I spent quite a bit of time hanging out at the loading dock for the new building. More than I care to repeat. In fact, if I never see (or smell) the loading dock again, it would be too soon.
I believe that's it's more than okay to be still,
Congratulations to the winners and thank you to the wonderful sponsors!
Another technical indicator of breadth is the S&P 500′s Hi-Low index which is a ratio of the new 52-week highs relative to the new 52-week lows. As with other indicators, it is suggesting that stock prices have been pushed down enough to be attractive (within a bull market environment):
Overall, we've been up early a lot this past week and had some rough nights of sleep. We didn't think this transition would be easy, and boy were we right!
In addition:
Telly Leung, who you may recognize from Glee fame, has a voice that is almost angelic. Throughout the show I couldn’t stop myself from watching him and listening to his amazing voice. The same can definitely be said, not only for Telly and theatre newcomer Anna Maria Perez de Tagle, best known for her parts in Hannah Montana and the Camp Rock Disney movies, whose vocals in “Day By Day” had me wanting to buy a cast album (which excitingly is currently in the works!), but for Jazz singer Lindsay Mendez, who surprised me with her KILLER voice.
I started by swapping out the temporary paper for some pretty, bold patterned fabric. I went with the Waverly Cross Section Charcoal, and just ironed under the edges so it sits nice and pretty on the desktop.
It has been a while since I last wrote on this blog where I barely qualify as a co-author. Even with complete apathy from both myself and RK, Arun has managed to revive this little project of ours time and again. And for this, I think he should be lauded. I also write this at an inflection point in my life – I have recently completed 25 years on this planet and quit my job and am headed to the IIMs. I know that I might seem grossly under qualified to make some comments and hence this post might seem hypocritical. But I have recently begun to appreciate the need for good governance and the recent events at the institute have occurred in a bizarre fashion.
The enrollment term for KDP Select is just 90 days, but enrollment renews automatically unless you opt out (and you can opt out at any time). During each 90-day term, you can promote your book to Amazon customers as free for up to 5 days; during those free days, however, your book won't be available in the Lending Library.
Formatting and conversion problems cause dropped punctuation as well as paragraphing errors, which appear to the reader as sloppy editing. While I consider any error too many, all things considered the typos in my novel were relatively minor. Even books published by major houses have a few. Add punctuation and paragraph issues and the mistakes look egregious. Naively, I trusted the process. Until a reviewer pointed out the errors, I had no idea there were problems.
Today is my very last visit with the psych doctor who has treated me for nearly 15 years. Financially it isn't possible to continue and more than that I feel like he has opened every door for me, at least a crack for me to do the work and push them open then walk right through them. He hasn't been the only source of open doors for me but consistently he has been the most, well, consistent. It's cool what happens when willingness meets instruction and opportunity. I have gone from a depressed bipolar mess who insisted on trying the next newest miracle pill to someone who has to fight the urge to tell depressive friends, "That new pill your excited about isn't going to do for you what you want it to". I'm actually kind of anti-meds now. I'm especially anti-meds when I hear someone who thinks the pill alone will heal their life. Make no bones about it, if the day comes the pill comes out that will fix all my brokenness , I will be the first in line. lol All those meds can do is adjust the intricate chemicals and juices in the head that put me on even ground enough to have a fighting chance and making better choices and to un-knot the knots of my diseased thinking and backwards feelings.
All this occurred whilst the women were still alive.
Runner Up: Zak Avery
Or put another way, in the words of our godfather – Hippocrates – ‘To do nothing is also a good remedy’.
The problem with a large construction in a hall full of people is that I couldn't get a picture that really shows its shape. This is the best I could do. It is a freestanding curve with two dips, and the end you can't see flipped up.
Mobile – Vodafone’s health chief Axel Nemetz who we interviewed ten days ago is keynoting at the GSMA-mHA Mobile Health Summit http://mwl.me/yLIQkr
There is a large selection of beautifully designed watches out in the open. But the problem is that a number of high-quality watches, especially branded ones, do not always come at a very affordable and reasonable price. First-class branded watches are expensive for a reason. Not only are they made out of the best material, but they are also considered a representation of a person’s standing in life.
Every year one of us gets a turn to take a holiday with our parents using a timeshare
Now, if you are adding the Samoas, chop your cookies into small bit-sized pieces.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Lightly grease a cookie sheet.
The Height of the Ridiculous
All images by Ludwig Bemelmans from The Best of Times, Simon and Schuster, 1948. The title is taken from the introduction. "I set out to write a happy book. The mood was somber, then as it is now, but I disagreed with the opinion that was screamed at us from the radio and the front pages..."
How's this for a killer gallery wall?! Love the mix of prints! Thanks to these fab readers who sent in pictures of where their Gallery Wall pieces ended up! I love seeing them..
David was a unpopular repressed weirdo
You are righteous
Overall, this is a pretty fun app to have. It is only .99.
ion from mad-dog armeanians and basically takes no shit! But if your one of his boys, he'll have your back. Ok, so Vic is not a big screen cop, but he has to get amention cause The Shield is the best show on TV.
Get your copy as Exclusive Pre-release on :
I so love the challenge this month, which is to use a Our Daily Bread Designs custom dies! So many dies to choose from, so little time! LOL!! I just LOVE the butterfly die was was released this month so I knew exactly what one I wanted to use for this challenge! Here I have used the butterfly die with both the 2 step butterflies image and the God's Love set.
If you never played Beetle Adventure Racing!, man, do I feel sorry for you. BAR! stood out in a sea of crappy racing games on the N64 thanks to it's lengthy, shortcut filled tracks, detailed graphics and fantastic music that was unlike anything heard on the system. Rather than rock out to guitars, BAR! floored the ears with a wave of loud drums and funk. The game was also quite challenging. Unlocking everything was far from easy but if you persevered, you could unlock the Police Car, which let you turned on a siren that made all the AI cars pull over and stop while you pass them by. How cooly broken is that?
Note to Mom & Dad: If you haven't been here yet ... we're going when you come down here.
I’m from West Chester, Pennsylvania and I have a lot of places I want to live–Rome, New York City, Canada, Antarctica etc… but I’ll probably end up living somewhere in the New York area.
Apparently, they save you a fortune on tumble dryer costs which is brilliant for me because with this weather we have here and not enough maidens, I have my dryer on far more than I should! I'm definitely going to make another set of 5 and use all 10 in each dry. Here's to saving money AND using up stash!
Water- 1/2 cup
"As things stand, the ANC is wreaking untold damage on our children and, consequently, on the country's future, just as apartheid education did in the past," said Barney Mthombothi, editor of the influential weekly Financial Mail.
“I’m fine,” she said.
My teacher is amazing. I mean, absolutely AMAZING.
We had to carefully avoid the spooky cobwebs, mildew, old paint, and large rusty nails while hunting.
But overall the atmosphere election time brings to campus is a memorable one.
I'd love to hear some of your favorite names, so please do comment!
The third day we grabbed breakfast at Amy's Bread and walked forever until we ended up at Central Park. I had a grand vision of taking my baby boy on the Central Park Carousel and was determined to make it happen. Two hours after aimlessly walking through the park, I found it and watched the worker close the doors. There was a sign that said, "Closed for Renovations." I honestly thought it had closed just as we approached, but he assured me it had been closed for about 5 months! Isn't that a bit of information they could maybe put on their website? In case you have the same dream---you've heard it here....its definitely closed!
or acts of exemplary selfless courage
I was tempted by the ‘Three Pigs Pizza’, ‘Pulled Pork Buns with no-mayo slaw’, ‘Cookies ‘n’ Cream Ice Cream’, ‘No-bake Chocolate Cake’, and ‘Peanut Butter Brownies’.
(Note: I haven't mentioned quantities because it all depends on how many carrots you have. Use your judgement as to whether you need another egg yolk to bind and taste for seasoning.)
nobody to ask for
Now head over to Tracy's blog for the poem/packaging of the snowman soup.
The basic anatomy of a violin consists of a body (or corpus), a neck, a bridge, a soundpost, four strings, and various fittings. The fittings are the tuning pegs, tailpiece and tailgut, endpin, possibly one or more fine tuners on the tailpiece, and perhaps a chinrest, either attached directly over the tailpiece or to the left of it. The anatomy is similar to a guitar, except violin making involves more delicacy. It also involves constructing a bow, which guitars of course do not have. The bow consists of a stick with a ribbon of horsehair strung between the tip and frog (or nut, or heel) at opposite ends. Yes, you heard us–horsehair. Violinmaking involves ingredients zanier than a Harry Potter spell, like animal glue, catgut, and peg dope.
Two hearts beating in rhythm so divine,
We’re also in the home stretch of finishing up the nursery. And while I would love to post some pictures of it, I haven’t exactly taken any. So, I decided to at least share a little idea of one of the things that will be in the nursery- family photos. Or rather, young photos of the soon to be grandparents and well, Ashley and me. I haven’t gotten all of the photos in yet, but here’s what I have so far:
content source:
Too good to be true? For me, probably.
According to Will.I.Am Cheryl Cole is set to perform on Britain’s Got Talent rival show The Voice. But there’s a catch to why Cheryl is gearing herself to perform on the talent show. To aggravate Simon Cowell, who she worked with as a judge for three years on X Factor UK but their professional and personal relationship broke down after the Girls aloud beauty was hired to be a judge on the US version of X Factor. Cheryl found herself to be axed from the show after a mere four days on the show.
6) It reduces stress. It just does.
“He ran right over my buddy and caught me, too,” Hampe said. “He went full bore.”
I got out the Cuttlebug and used a new embossing folder I bought from Hobby Lobby, and then I ran some black ink over it to add a little interest. The black and white patterned papers were also a Hobby Lobby purchase. I have the worst time embellishing boy cards, so I just have a metal peace brad and a few buttons. I should make a few more guys while I'm on a roll!
- Cardio Trainer
Etsy: Great sources to find all sorts of handmade items that are special and unique. I also love that you're supporting the growth of small businesses by purchasing from these talented souls.
In 1689 William of Orange and his wife Mary Stuart became monarchs of Scotland, and probably William would have liked an Episcopal church too, the better to control it. However the then Bishops had nice scruples about their oaths of loyalty to James VII, and told the new King they would serve him “as far as law, reason and conscience will allow”. So he reinstated Presbyterian church government, and in the “Rabbling of the Curates” most Episcopalian ministers were turned out of their churches.
10. What is your greatest strength? other than being a hard worker? I am always trying to find a solution to a problem before i make it someone else problem
Always: I talk myself into it or go back and get it
Man, i’m impressed and amazed once again! I just love my job… what’s next to amaze me huh?!
You have loosed your lips for evil, *
Also Sears has some lovely wide ( like 6 inches I think) organza ?? ribbon on sale in the Christmas section. The day after Christmas I am going to go get a bunch of the colors I didn't buy last year. They are great for crafting and come in some lovely colors. I saw two shades of blue this year.
Bob – How can people contact you today regarding commercial real estate?
This is the ride I have decided to do when I can’t be arsed doing one of my longer loops. And four paragraphs into this blog, the Protestant guilt has already begun to work its magic and I know I will be riding the hill this afternoon as penance for the Coolamon squib this morning.
and made me want to create and share
Next the accountants nailed together the first two balance sheets to create a third. confusing, isn't it? No wonder it took them much longer than expected to produce their report.
Finally, a quick fire round… Had you ever considered writing an autobiography?
The two paintings we hung in the office were both in The Friend. The one I've named "Rainy Day" was a full cover spread. (Unfortunately, the two little cuties on each end got cropped in half because of the pre-determined canvas size.)
Another area we found to soothe Michaela is music. She has 'hummed' and sang for as long as I can remember. I used to joke around saying that I believed she had music playing in her head at all hours of the day and night. She doesn't have to physically 'hear' it on a radio or TV, she continues to sing songs.
How do we know God’s way? It is in the Word of God. The apostle Paul has given to us God’s way or this dispensation of grace. The centurion, Julius, was finding out that this prisoner, Paul, was entirely trustworthy. Paul said he got information from the Lord and now the centurion believed him.
Don't get me wrong, the vast majority of people who come to Writer Beware for help are nice folks and quite grateful for our help. Every so often, however, we get nailed on a message board by writers who are just plain not Our Fans. Why?
The counter is constructed entirely from Inception DVDs.
If this doesn't get him to turn over and stop snoring, go to step 2.
Although my wife has a new e-mail address, I continue to monitor her old one. This evening, Expedia sent her an itinerary. It included the names of both travelers, my wife and her boyfriend.
Call off the search! After months of very public acrimony and at least one rehab visit, it appears that Steven Tyler is ready to resume his role as the lead singer of Aerosmith.
Came thro’ the jaws of Death,
Do I get, based on your music, a good view on who the musicians in Sigur Rós are as persons?
Not faith in God. Faith in Human Nature.
My Dad is a success story in Life, greater than most. He gave us kids the best educations, we wanted for nothing, and he honored my mother - a saint - who passed away eleven years ago this coming September. In retirement Dad returned to his first love, art. He took up oils and won several medals and blue ribbons for his works, and achieved significant success in selling them. Of course, he accomplished this with the help and support of his second wife, my step-mother Ruth, who is also a saint.
keeep in mind that no matter what it wont’ be anything like I imagine or
It was too dark for any photos, so you'll just have to experience this space for yourselves!
Especially disturbing in terms of the available evidence is the idea that mankind first moved up the Nile Valley out of Africa - and then allegedly became extinct. A new subsequent group of humans - luckily kept in reserve in Africa in the interim - then allegedly reached Asia and Europe via the Arabian peninsula in a topographically navigational miracle and from there spread throughout the globe. A very unlikely scenario.
"I like that name. I'm Annie," she replied.
I'd pull one slice of cheese, one egg, one link of sausage out of their packets & place them on the floor right in front of the refrigerator.
Geej: No, but when he's 50 MORE years old he'll be 100, and then he'll probably be dead.
The heart of the film is the story of a family growing up in the middle of the 20th century. As an adult, the eldest brother reflects upon his upbringing, his family, his emotions toward his mother and father and his grief for his brother, who has died in a war. Underlining the whole thing is the story of Job: an upright man who lost everything, despite being blameless. Job questions God and demands to know why he has been ill-treated by providence.
Pam's talk:
My coming to writing, as Cixous writes, was when my mother got sick and went mad and then died. I learned how to speak again, I learned how to read again, the words danced on the page for me in my dead mouth, and I wrote. Trauma. Repetition. Fort. Da. I wrote myself into a new birth. I drew myself a new body. I wrote because I felt compelled to pay witness. This is when I wrote and wrote and wrote. When my other self died. I wrote to pummel myself against death, like Cixous writes. I wrote because I refused to be silent, I refused to fade, I refused to die. I needed to write to her Face, I needed to remember her Face. The Faces that hang on poster boards at funeral homes smiling and forgiving, the Faces in banal vacation snapshots, the Faces clipped from a convenient past.
So, after a delightfully Irish coworker invited me to an office hallway St. Patrick's Day celebration, my thoughts didn't go in the direction of sickly green hors d'oeuvres or sweets. As usual, they went to cheese. I decided to take a classic French recipe for gougeres, fluffy savory cheese puffs, and replace the cheese with an Irish cheddar. Delicious idea.
8. Whopper - Kwalo Klobinsky's Lullaby
I'm pushing aside the memory of my nightmare,
“Yes, but now comes the astonishing part, Betty! He didn’t look around for another woman but he immediately found a substitute on the sofa”.
Elusive (This ally can’t be attacked.)
What’s required is to run an A.B.O. — Anyone But Obama — slate in each state, delegates pledged to vote at the Democratic national convention for any candidate they like, so long as it’s not obama.
The guests are better than Denton but only because they don’t carry his air of superiority with them. Each week the guests are paired up in teams of two – this first night saw the West Coast Odd Sox face off against the Southern Furies, and yes I think I groaned just writing that. The Odd Sox combine the amusing but always mugging Merrick Watts and Annabel Crabb who is apparently contractually obliged to appear in every ABC program. The Southern Furies join together Julia Zemiro and, I think, Zach Galifianakis, although I may be wrong about that. There is a rather lame attempt to treat these teams like sporting teams – audience members were even forced to hold sad cardboard signs showing support for their team – and it just adds to the staleness of the whole show.
That first glance of the season for me is the Christmas tree at Wal-Mart, all dressed in its magnificent splendor……Days!, I say!….Days before Thanksgiving!?
"Yes," Seth lied.
America is not a Democracy, it has never been a Democracy and I pray that it will never be a Democracy. The United States is, and always has been, a Congressional Republic. Our education system does not adequately prepare our students to even know we are a Republic, much less explain the difference. They only teach that we have a Democratic form of government which is true.
Have you ever found yourself in one of those situations with your children, or anyone for that matter, where you said something that you were so confident in to, only minutes later realize you were wrong? The other day I did. And the situation involved this little visitor....
We had two younger girls move into one of our houses for February 1st and, because we knew it was a slight gamble, let them know that the rent is due in full and we’re not splitting anything up for them. They’re taking over full responsibility.
Just like the demons could not even scratch the servant of Nṛhari.
I have chosen this adorable little image by Lili of the Valley called Bunny Cupcakes given to me by my love friend Elaine, thank you sweetie, I adore these little bunnies, well actually I adore most of the lili of the valley stamps, haha.
They’re just adorable, and yet with all my searching it appears they are exhibition pieces and not yet available for my grubby little fingers.
It is these inconsistencies that make it so difficult for me to speak French. Reading comes easy; a few familiar words and context clues aid in making a passable translation. And though listening to French is more challenging than reading, I can usually get the gist of a conversation if I pay very close attention.
and welcome to my blog - Mono Desire!
nothing to say, nothing to show.
He blows kisses and gives high fives as often as you ask. He knows the signs for cookie, please, more but most of the time he needs a little prompting. My favorite words he says are hug and kiss, because then he gives hugs and kisses. In the few days since he had his ear tubes put in he has been babbling a lot more and saying a few more words (more, dada). I don't think it will be long before he's talking up a storm (or at least that's my hope)
1 teaspoon cinnamon
DT Cards
-mixed into Pork Roast, Taters, and Carrots
Also blowing the rear brake ducts is an avenue worth exploring. The exhaust geometry doesn’t work quite so well in this area. Brake duct vanes, which we have seen proliferate over the past few years are allowed to be 120mm inboard of the rear wheel, roughly in line with the wheel and can protrude forwards the front perimeter of the tyre. But as some of the brake duct is ahead of the rear axle line there is less surface to blow on.
glance
And, come to find out in couples therapy, he had mis-labeled his love language. He is NOT an acts of service guy. He's a words guy. So, all this time when I was trying to do acts of service for him, because he TOLD me that's what I should be doing for him, it was doing NOTHING for him. Which is why we were having problems.... At least we got to the heart of why we were having problems, right???
The other Oracle looked at the piece and smiled.
In the end, each of us determines if there is anything good to say about being in one’s own “comfort zone”. But the evidence clearly points to “comfort” as an obstacle to success.
“2:30 na”
Ben had no idea what to expect. The top competitors who travel around and do this do it in under two minutes! The men who compete all "look" very fit and healthy. I don't remember the specifics as to the weights of everything, but they had to complete the course in full gear with an air pack. We saw many men drop in the last part of the course which is dragging the 175lb dummy. There was even a 59 year old retired firemen who completed it! You have six minutes to complete it.
Have to have that card you see on my site? Well, now you can - I offer hand-made art cards printed on card stock and hand-cut for $5 each or 20 or more for $4 each, or all 97 cards listed below for $200 plus $4 shipping. Below is the list of cards I made so far, and some (like Cannonball Dick Redding) haven't been featured on the site yet. You can email me (info@cieradkowskidesign.com) with your list of card you'd like.
Falconer’s commission was ‘suggested’ by Dignity in Dying (the former Voluntary Euthanasia Society) and financed by one of their patrons. DID backs the legalisation of assisted suicide for mentally competent adults who are terminally ill and ‘suffering unbearably’. However their main arguments ('autonomy' and 'compassion') are equally used by those, like Nitschke and Irwin, with ostensibly more far-reaching agendas to justify the legalisation of both euthanasia and assisted suicide for those who are neither terminally ill, nor adults, nor mentally competent. This raises questions about their real agenda.
Georgetown University has just announced that Kathleen Sibelious, is going to be the 2012, graduation speaker. Oh come Cardianal Wuerl, what will it take to say that this aint a Catholic school anymore?
Henry M. Rowan
Obviously it’s got a bit to do with that there Internet. Growing up, there was only one bookie on the high-street – I remember the dodgy artwork of action scenes from various sports and the angled doorway, which meant I could never see inside when I walked past. My brother went inside to back my 20-1 shot in the Grand National. That was about all the contact I had.
The Derwent Press is a small operation—almost a cottage business—at times this can work in an author’s favour. If I have one reservation—and it is an important one to take note of—it would be their low output over four years since their establishment, and in particular, the fact that the last book they have produced and advertised dates back to June 2008.
Now I’m not saying anything about Rangers fans in general, it could have been any team. It was the fact that he was so arrogant about me being a female hockey fan was what set me off. The fact that he also asked if I was a “puck slut” really bothered me too.
Thanks for all the good wishes on the last post. Unfortunately the apartment fell through (gutted is not the word!) because the landlord suddenly decided he didn't want children. But I've now got a holding deposit on a lovely little private city centre property. It's not very old, it's not very big but it's so sweet and perfect for me and my little ladies. The kitchen is proper country style, so it fits perfectly with my blog name heeheehee. Just wait until you see all the gorgeous girly lusciousness I am purchasing for it!!! I will be back with photos soon.
the hum of bees and gently breeze will
I'll be back soon!
But by the time we were finished
14.) Are there specific areas of your agency agreement that are unique from the standard contract? (just because they say no doesn't mean you don't still need to read through it with a fine tooth comb)
I'm sorry for diminishing your identity to the house in which you live. And for thinking you disappear when you step inside. You actually do disappear - at least in my story. In my own, self-absorbed story.
Hobsbawm’s interpretation of this period is enlightening and demonstrates his talents as a historian; however, there are some faults. First, his labeling of 1848 as failure and then suggesting it fundamentally changed European politics is contradictory. If the changes created by 1848 were “profound” and “marked the end . . . of the politics of tradition, of the monarchies, . . . and of the beliefs in patriarchal rights” why are they failures? (24) The idea that politics and society were different than before seems to suggest that the 1848 revolutionaries did accomplish a change in society. The monarchies greatly feared the revolutionary periods and did grant some reforms in order to placate the upper echelons of society, and though little changed for those in lower classes of society, the masses were now more politicized than before revealing that 1848 did create change just not the social revolution that Hobsbawn desires.
My first gothy pair of boots were the lace up doc marten style way back in the late 90s. At the time I played in a goth metal band with some friends. I remember going to band practice all proud to show off my boots to the guys, I thought they were so bad-ass. When I showed them to my friends they said "look how tiny your feet are, those boots are so cute!" Not quite the response I was looking for.
but it's an hour i get to spend doing something fun with her, for her.
I'm slightly obsessed with The Hunger Games soundtrack now. My sister sent it to me on Spotify and it's wonderful. Spotify is free, you should check it out.
3. Row Jimmy - 8:21
That sucks, but I guess this is a way for me to do all of that yoga practice that I mentioned in an earlier post. I’m almost excited to have to start from the very beginning with my yoga routines and build up. It’s going to be a long haul, but I don’t mind the work.
is the BEST way to start the day.
12 Clowns & Jugglers 1:34 May 3, 1969 Take 2 - Keyboard Mix
May my mate remain true. May my belief not be threatened,
"I thought you would have some partial paralysis in your face after surgery."
A thick creamy mouthfeel coats the tongue, and is nearly devoid of carbonation.
But I continue learning
11/13 Victorville, CA Kamra
Minister for Transport Leo Varadkar said it is a significant step in developing the aviation sector in Ireland and securing the future of Shannon Airport.
- to facilitate communication with collaborators
Ryan, liked his, but I had to pick the “grass” out of the sauce on top, which was no problem. And Sam, as you might be able to see in the photo, scraped all the sauce off his, he’s just not a sauce man – whereas I had to give Ryan some more sauce when he still had meat but no sauce left… amazing how brothers can be so opposite!
-Punk fights to the ropes and finally makes it but ropes don’t cause a break here.
Happy Halloween everyone!
Here are two cards I did recently using leftovers:
In order to bring the Christian worldview to bear on all of live through cultural engagement, Christians must have a handle on both the Christian worldview and the competing secular worldviews. Knowledge of competing worldviews makes for more honest assessment or it and more persuasive interaction with it. Knowing the thought process of your enemies is half the battle to defeating them. Similarly, Christians must know the ins and outs of their own worldview. There is nothing worse than an ill-prepared soldier. It is wrong to represent the gospel unprepared to show how it relates to the basic areas of life.
I've have got today off from work but have a few things that I want to do.
Mostly we see non-actors in commercials, occasionally in movies and scripted television, hardly ever in theater. A great example is Bruce Springsteen in High Fidelity. He’s a great performer, but that doesn’t make him a great actor; big difference.
I managed to run a really steady pace between miles 5 – 21 (8:30 ish) then at mile 21 I decided I would try and let go. I had a feeling I’d finished the climb and I was pretty sure the path down to Greenock (and the Clyde) would be pretty much downhill from there on in.
They give you this,
When she was in Toronto, and we got together for coffee, and in typical “us” fashion, we spent the entire time discussing what awesome books we were reading. She recommended to me (among many others), Kasztner’s Train by Anna Porter. Her book documents the war-time actions of Rudolf (nee: Reszo) Kasztner, one of the leaders of the Hungarian Aid and Rescue committee. During the war, he negotiated with Adolf Eichmann (SS-Obersturmbannfuhrer who was in charge of facilitating and managing the logistics of ghettos, trains, deportations and death camps) to allow a trainload of 1670+ Jews to leave Nazi-occupied Hungary for the safety of Switzerland. This was done in exchange for a massive amount of gold, money and diamonds.
There are but three problems with this idea. It would have to be wrapped up by the end of next week. Germany would refuse to remove the blinkers. And Camerlot lacks the bold imagination to try pulling it off. I am fairly sure that the markets would leap at it because, being globalist, they don’t give much of a toss about Geopolitics: money, not flags, is their addiction. For them, a soundly-constructed eurobond is the guarantee they seek.
“Once an instruction judge is nominated, we can consider this,” added the lawyer who visited Kuala Lumpur last year to gather evidence on the case.
As we probed these ideas it quickly became apparent that the predicament is not limited to the U.S. Most developed countries are facing similar challenges and a variety of policy responses have emerged. To shed light on the U.S. situation, Oregon seemed a good place to start: many rural Oregon communities are struggling with economic change and the rural development grapevine gave us reason to believe there is quite a bit of NNRE activity at work, informally and without any overarching state or local strategy.
Maybe so, but we think there’s something else at play. Because we’re optimists, we tend to think that all of this declining happiness business may be a sign of something positive: gender roles are shifting, and we — men and women alike — are working through the growing pains. As men begin to share more of the second shift in our dual-career families, are they also sharing more of the angst? And will that lead to positive change?
It will be the second show of five used to determine the eight finalists who will vie for one of five spots on the 2012 Bill Brown Slam Team at the finals on June 20. The team will compete at the SLAMtario provincial championships in Toronto this July against 11 other teams from across Ontario. The team will not be participating in the Canadian Festival of Spoken Word.
Hallowe’en came and went, its parodies of terror
An appeal against the court ruling by the South African government will be opposed, the farmers’ lawyer Willie Spies said on Friday. “If they challenge this, then obviously we will oppose the challenge,” he said.
3Saying, Hurt not the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, till we have sealed the servants of our God in their foreheads.
legislation as legislator.
So, yeah, I have a lot of excuses…. and I’m not even writing them all down, because I’m starting to get embarrassed.
We head off to see Marcel Lucont’s last show at the FWFP but, when we arrive, there seems to be some debate among the security staff as to whether Bob Slayer is allowed in. After a lot of talking into radios and one girl slipping away to make a discrete phone call to the festival director, Bob is finally issued with a ticket.
and I decide I don't care
“We think what’s happening to apples is more pesticides and fungicides are being applied after the harvest so the fruit can have a longer shelf life,” says EWG analyst Sonya Lunder. “Pesticides might be in small amounts, but we don’t know what the subtle, long-term effects of many of these pesticides are yet.”
If you look closely an SDHC card you'll notice aside the brand logo and the capacity a number inside a circle, this numer is the speed class.
(I would like to take a moment to inform my readers this book will be available at the end of May; my review is based on an advanced review copy.)
I live 8 miles from work and last Sunday I put on my work clothes and boots and tootled off to work at a pace that was leisurely and wouldn't mean needing a strip shower in the toilets and a change before work.
The runway at GB5.
I'm still working away at Amy's first Mothers Day gift ... took soooo much longer than I thought ... but nearing the final stage & hope to scan at some point over this weekend ... and will visit her on Tuesday to deliver ... so pics will be forthcoming shortly thereafter!
Just don't ask me what it was(3x)
Submission means to yield to the power or authority of another.
Now that we are in the season where dissemination of accurate information about weather conditions can mean the difference between life and death, I can only hope that journalists will take the time to convert Metric units into Imperial ones when dealing with Met Office and other Government provided forecasts.
To examine the anatomy of their lie, we shall start with its overall structure. The Telegraph, as do all news publishers, know that readers rarely read to the end of an article. As such journalists have in their mind a sort of ‘pyramid structure’ to their writing, and you guessed it, the headline and the strapline are the two most powerful parts of your work, forming the foundation for the readers understanding of the article.
Public organizations, professional unions and associations shall be bodies that group citizens in order to develop society and attain the interests of its members. The State shall guarantee the independence of these bodies and the right to exercise public control and participation in various sectors and councils defined in laws; in areas which achieve their objectives, and in accordance with the terms and conditions prescribed by law.
Place the flour, 4 tablespoons sugar, baking powder, and salt in a food processor. Using on/off turns, process the dry ingredients to blend. Add the butter, pulsing with on/off turns until the butter is cut in the size of large peas, about five 1-second intervals. Pour in the cream and process just until moist clumps form. (If you don’t have a food processor, you can make the biscuit dough by cutting the chilled butter cubes into the dry ingredients with a pastry blender until the butter is the size of large peas. Stir in the cream quickly and be careful not to overwork the dough.)
After I got the Antibiotics and had a couple of doses of them in me I started to feel slightly better. I was up and moving a lot better by Wednesday evening and what a relief that was. It is NOT easy being a Mother and being sick, because not only does no one really take care of you but you still have to take care of every one else. Well, C did take care of me when he was home, of course but during the day I was on my own.
Although the Koran decries murder and urges mercy in general, mercy is not to be extended to those who stand in the way of Islam’s domination.
According to the press release,
If I woke up in the morning and had accidentally kicked my stuffed hippopotamus on to the floor while I slept, I would live in terror of closing my eyes the next night, because it might decide it had had enough, and eat me in my sleep.
That's when I stumbled across a fantastic sale at The Container Store on some office supplies. Nope, still writing a freezer post, just bare with me. They had these Multi-Purpose File Bins included in their sale {for $2.79 at the time}:
Guess what appeared Monday.
Why yes, that is correct. Why not?
Meanwhile, Ang Mo GRC MP Seng Han Thong made a surprise appearance at Ang Mo Kio Hub yesterday together with his team of grassroots activists to ‘recce’ the place.
57. Figure in the Shadows, The
Meetings were held detailing the exciting new website and back-end system to be unveiled shortly, as well as break-out sessions by specialty type. Perhaps the most interesting and value-packed panel was the Top Brokers panel where we heard from 5 of the top Lee & Associates brokers around the county. These were some of the take-aways I wrote down:
For it matters not, how much we own,
And in such awful pain.
But even so the book communicates a joy of pubs I’ve not encountered elsewhere. Not for this book a list of crappy pubs selected on criteria of the pongyness of the ale and joyless lack of a football on TV or music and aimed at middle class, middle aged tosspots. Not for this book a list of crappy gentrified pubs known more for pretentious posh nosh that fighting in the car park. Nope a list of pubs you suspect you’d quite enjoy if you survived unscathed. This book distils the essence of a true pub, how awful they are; why you are wise to avoid them and at the same time instils sadness in their passing.
In the 1960s and early 1970s, Giuseppina was broadcast 185 times on British television.And here it is in full:
To a place where you’re in my head or circling a bed
Double thumbs up with a smile!
'Phoebe's Fabulous Oatmeal-Raisin Cookies'. My daughters love the TV show 'Friends'.
The government and state-controlled media were quick to put the blame on protesters for the clashes, which began after some demonstrators broke through police barriers blocking them from entering the city’s Merdeka Square.
“This is the Macallan, girl,” I imagined them saying. “Have another one, at least, for pity sake.”
Only twice, I have worn a $200.00 lined black wool gabardine jacket for work while biking under 5 km. from one workplace to another. I’m afraid of ripping the lining as I stretch myself slightly over my bike. So this jacket is reserved for off-bike wear, which means it’s worn many times at the office.
Now all we needed were guests! Here she is with her little sis and 4 "besties", getting ready to blow out all 7 candles on her brownie.
“That area has no history of
Final total = $0.49 + tax
Achilles
It is the custom to say that Zionism was responsible for this development. However, the region's anti-Semitism would have developed even without the rise of the state of Israel because of Arab-Islamic nationalism, which resulted in xenophobia.
Well, that's an interesting question, and I'm going to answer it from two perspectives:
The LCWR national board agreed in 2002 to write letters of support to New Ways Ministry and chose as the theme for that year’s assembly “Leadership in Dynamic Tension.” In her presidential address to the assembly, Sister Kathleen Pruitt, CSJP continued the LCWR mantra that the Church needed to be reformed, and that LCWR sisters were the very people to do it: “The challenge to us, how best to speak clearly, to act effectively to bring about necessary change, reform, renewal, and healing within our wounded world, our nation, among ourselves, and particularly in our church.… Call for change or reform of structures, modes, and methods of acting that perpetuate exclusivity, secrecy, lack of honesty and openness, all of which foster inappropriate exercise of power, is tension-filled.”
That changes today. We're doing it for our health, for fun, to spend time together, and because we need a good challenge. All that I ask is that if you see me laying on the ground in a pool of deflated ego, give me some water and slowly back away. 5k here we come!
This morning I went to wake him for his Big Boy breakfast. He rolled over, warm and sleepy. "Do you know what day it is, Mum?" What day? "It's my first day at school Mum," he said, leaping out of bed. Ready to go.
There are plenty of other examples of movies that employ long shots to brilliant effect—Playtime (1967), Barry Lyndon (1975), and that Catalan film Birdsong (2008) released in New York last year, come immediately to mind—but perhaps I will explore those other examples in a later post. (And, of course, readers, feel free to list other memorable examples of long-shot cinema in the comments section!) For now, though, I just wanted to say this one last thing about long shots: that, while no two long shots are alike in what they contain and what they express, generally these kinds of shots, for me, serve as potent reminders that, in life, however wrapped up you may be in pursuing your own personal passions or handling your own private problems, that a) the wider universe could care less (I don't see that as nihilism; it's just the truth), and b) there are always situations better and/or worse than the one you may be in. Long shots, in short, not only provide a dizzying sense of visual perspective, but, for the receptive viewer, can also summon forth a more introspective sense of personal and philosophical perspective. And, in light of some of the personal shit I've had to deal with recently (one day I may get to explaining this, but not now), there's nothing more necessary than the kind of art that can inspire such a profound awareness. Because, I mean, isn't that what the best art can do: bring us closer to life, in some way?
Here, I started with the ribs, trimming them and cutting into serving size portions. Next, I coated the portions with my favorite spice rub for pork and let them marinate for about an hour. Afterwards I cooked the ribs for 10 minutes on the steamer rack of the pressure cooker. Once they were ready for the grill, they were technically "done", though quite unappealing looking. Finishing on the grill made them perfect.
‘Did you try talking to her?’ I pressed in. ‘You’re obviously sorry, does she know that?’
Unlike Singaporeans who have to pay through their noses to study for a Master Degree in NTU, Mr Dong not only studied at NTU for free, he was also given a generous living and housing allowance.
Is everybody going to blame Dan for satirizing them? As for Serena, she ended up in LA, getting a job on a movie in about 3 seconds. And she’s reading a book! If that’s not crazy town, I don’t know what is. What kind of trouble is she going to find herself in? Because wherever Serena goes, trouble follows. Also, Serena’s non-cousin is sure to wreak more havoc when she gets back to New-York. Finally, there was a pregnancy test found in the trash basket in Serena and Blair’s apartment. I can’t wait to see what is going to happen, what do you guys think?
A lot of generous people live in this world and I am grateful for them.
ORIGINAL POST: Chad Nance, a Winston-Salem freelance journalist who is currently active in electoral campaigning, says poll workers outside the early voting site at the Forsyth County Government Center in downtown Winston-Salem reported to him that the wife of NC Sen. Peter Brunstetter remarked today that her husband sponsored legislation to put the marriage amendment on the primary ballot “to protect the Caucasian race.”
I’m anxiously awaiting the next book in this series, because as you can tell, I’m officially hooked on it. If you are looking for a fast-paced, adventurous and very sexy science fiction romance, Alantica Dreams is definitely the book for you.
Referring to the most recent Asian Development Bank (ADB)’s report and Indonesia’s statistic bureau which noted Indonesia’s positive economic growth, many stakeholders expected the central bank would keep the interest rate unchanged. With such favorable condition, the corporate bond market may have a chance to be more liquid giving a more competitive market to attract more investors.
Today, I am recognizing the courage and commitment it takes to stay strong and resilient when premature birth turns a family's world upside down. Not just at birth...but for years following!
“Shut up. Just shut up!” he yelled.
The cat was out and about once more when I heard that idiot's voice soar. Drazin? Gung? Ho? The Beyonder? Tarsier Man? Nope! You at the end of your rope? For it was that Riot Man dope. He was whining about everything from bags to soap.
What is funny about the new name is who inspired it. The owner of San Tan Brewing Co., Anthony Canecchia is giving the credit to Terri Schafer. What is so funny about Terri Schafer? Nothing really. But the fact that Mr. Schafer is the Associate Vice President of Public Affairs for Arizona State Univesity is really funny.
As we walked, I noticed my mood start to change. Whispered prayers to comfort our friends and to lift our children’s spirits began to help my own heart to seek hope. Ava and I dodged puddles as we moved down the block, and as I looked ahead down the road, I noticed them. Heart-shaped rain puddles. There were three of them in a row. I smiled as I thought, “How like you, Father, to send three little reminders on the path I am walking at this moment to remind me that I am truly loved, truly treasured, and remembered, even during this time of emotional weariness.” God placed three puddles, three heart-shaped puddles in my path to remind me of His faithful love for me and my family. I turned my attention from my thoughts, and listened. I heard the birds in the trees and felt the gentle breeze. I saw flowers opening new blossoms toward the sky after the rain, and I saw rays of sunshine peeking through the clouds.
and the idea of it
These problems have been so difficult in the past that object data has found refuge in object databases and text file methods (i.e. XML) with mixed success, attempting to recreate all of the same types of tools available from relational systems now – SPARQL instead of SQL, etc. In fact, SPARQL is a hint at the solution for object data in relational databases – semantics. SPARQL is based on RDF, a type of XML, which is part of the Semantic Web world. The Semantic Web RDF file is a First-Order semantic database, with partial second-order characteristics.
Todd Rundgren – “Hello It’s Me” (Bearsville)
It is not a collection of Street Art.
I feel he definitely would have liked to rest beside his parents and brothers and sisters as well as both wives.
But this larded plot--this extra piece, which was really, more properly a separate book entirely was nearly impossible to get through. It added little to what was already there and seemed to detract much. While I would still recommend the book, it is not with the fervor that I would had it lacked the last hundred or so pages. Ironically, I will note, it is this latter part of the novel described on the cover--indeed, it is for this that I picked up the book in the first place and discovered a much different, much better story heading up the "fun and games" of the latter fourth of the book.
A few weeks back I decided to make a Pinata for my little girls birthday. I thought I would write a little tutorial as it was fun to make and a hell of a lot cheaper than buying it from a shop :-) Be warned though, you will need to do this a few days before the party (rather than 1 day before like I did lol) to let it dry thoroughly.
It would be easy to start the finger pointing. To start apportioning blame. To try to find scapegoats. But for me, the less easy, and more important route would be to take a step back. Look at what happened dispassionately. Use it for what it is. A mirror. See what kind of a reflection that shows us of ourselves. See what it says about us as humans and as Muslims.
Fighting funny may not be inherently more effective than fighting mad, but it does help to correct abiding misapprehensions about feminism as a cheerless vortex: anti-male, anti-sex, anti-porn, anti-fun. In 2012, the anti-everything platform was occupied not by feminist agitators, but the GOP politicians they were battling.
The increase in the use of the
Knowledge is important. For starters, if you didn’t know about God you wouldn’t come to Him in the first place. How are you going to refute people who question you about evolution or “science.” As a matter of fact, at no point does science disprove the existence of God (but that’s a topic for another day). It is important to know what the Bible says about God. It is more important to know God. You get to know God by praying and digging into His Word. You can’t really know God unless you are constantly praying and in the Word. Knowledge is important to our faith. However, head-knowledge amounts to nothing. True knowledge comes from the heart. It comes from the Holy Spirit. God gives us the knowledge of what is right and wrong. What we should and shouldn’t do. We use knowledge a lot in our daily walk with God. Peter goes on to say in 2 Peter 3:17-18:
Rio de Janeiro
Your application needs to reach us by 5th August, 2011. It must consist of:
Oh, we're so 'hurt' and so 'offended'. We should really call the 'Equalities Hotline' immediately because some troll has set up a blog devoted to carping at Catholic bloggers. I can't believe Austen Ivereigh would sink this low! That was a joke by the way. Still, I'm at a loss to explain which Bishop could possibly be responsible for this deeply uncharitable blog. That's the Catholic Internet Watch blog, I'm talking about, by the way, not mine.
When I peeled away the plastic,
Taken as a whole, I'd place this book on a par with the first -- the improvements in one area match the problems in the others, so all told it's a wash. If you liked The Suicidal Mime you'll probably like this as well; if you didn't, you won't.
Anyone interested in buying ocean front property in Arizona?
After months of anticipation and refreshing the trailer on YouTube, finally on November 21st, 2008, she sat (in the best seats) at midnight, awaiting to see the book she loved come to life.
Years after I wrote the above, it was widely recognized that October 2007 was the top for the stock market. And, yes, 2008 was the worst year for the U.S. economy since the Great Depression.
it's been awhile since i heard ur nagging ^^
The peace plan was agreed at the Arab summit in Baghdad (above)
My Veda Guru also said that her guru taught her that there were at least 3 to 6 layers of meaning for each mantra and suktam and that they would also dawn on us through repetition pArAyaNam, contemplation or mananam and meditation or dhyAnam. When I told her that meaning was dawning on me.. she was extremely happy.
If you just trekked across the desert for a month and struggled for lack of water and lack of food but you made it... people would also expect you to take time to rest and recover. It is expected you would need some rest.
1 minutes
Conference organizers had not yet formally rescinded their invitation to present the paper and the students have now raised more than enough money to make it down to Orlando in order to give "a completely randomly-generated talk."
Q049) The normal BOM is what kind of person?
He’s pretty well-known among folk circles, but most in the music industry view him as a has-been who never quite was. This is a man who didn’t learn to play guitar until he was thirty, but has released around 25 albums over the last twenty years. And now he tours a couple times a year playing house shows while barely scraping by. It’s tough to see, but in a strange way it also seems to make sense.
She shared that Josh's thumb had been reattached successfully and that he was still single. She said she was traveling alone and how wonderful it was to take a long, quiet hot bath the night she arrived at the hotel. She said Charlie hadn't come with her. She told us where she got the great boots she was wearing. She said the movie, Black Heels to Tractor Wheels, was still in the making.
Bonterra Building, Suite 100
sign of bad news.
My point is, don’t go to a job interview with the mindset that you’re trying to win the Emmy for ‘Best Actor in an Interview’. Instead, go with an undecided opinion on whether you want to work for this employer. Ask what you really want to know and don’t tell them what they want to hear. Tell the truth, get turned down a few times. Turn them down yourself when the job isn’t for you. When you find the company that takes your answers at face value because you’ve given them honestly, then you will have had the truly successful job interview.
But beautiful old people are works of art.
This made me realize that the drop in medication which had allowed me to actually get up and do stuff had had the negative reaction I had hoped I could avoid. If I didn’t want to be an ass-hat of a cranky bastard I was going to have bring my meds back up to where they have been for the last two years.
I had many good reasons to support this belief.
Confirming recent media reports of the F-22 deploying to Southwest Asia, Hostage emphasized the Raptor’s ability to support combatant commander requirements around the world.
5. Go see the Preservation Hall Jazz Band!
The much-anticipated list of properties controlled by NAMA which have been subjected to enforcement action, has just now been published and is available here .
When one of Jesus’s closest friends fell sick, his sisters, Mary and Martha, sent word to Jesus, “Lord, the one you love is sick” (John 11:3, NIV). Surprisingly, Jesus didn’t rush to their home to heal Lazarus. In fact, by the time Jesus arrived, Martha greeted him along the path: “Lord,” Martha said to Jesus, “if you had been here, my brother would not have died.” Then Mary went out, fell at His feet and said exactly the same thing, “Lord, if you had been here, my brother would not have died” (John 11:21, 32, NIV). Some of the bystanders even bluntly asked, “Could not he who opened the eyes of the blind man have kept this man from dying?” (Luke 11:37, NIV).
Tuesday, March 15 - Lunario del Auditorio Nacional - Mexico City, Mexico
A novel by Shannen C. Camp
They also believed
But they never tell me what I did.
We arrived on a sunny afternoon, on the TGV from Paris. Lille is only an hour or so away from Paris by TGV, and a similar distance from Brussels and London. House prices should be much more expensive than they are there - they probably will be, soon. Walking through town, we passed a huge cathedral:
bingo
Dry roast evenly the coriander seeds until a nice aroma comes out..
Dorothy: Yes. Say goodbye, Toto. Yes, I'm ready now.
So I am cleansing. Can only be a good thing.
A deep sigh, followed by a frozen shudder and then he begins his slow trudge once again. His feet creating a song across the flattened grass. A slow trickle of rain-water that had been racing around the crest of his hood now finds its way down the back of his shirt…
The truth is that the 2008 Dutch takeover of ICI was, arguably, far more significant than the sell-off of Cadbury, which caused deep public unease. Chocolate, it seems, will always stir more sentiment than paint and chemicals.
Level 7: MP Cost: 27, Damage: 322%, Attacks up to 6 enemies.
Oooh! Meat!! She cooks! Sooooo healthy!
I shoved my shoulder against the door and it slid open slowly, letting in a pile of snow. I felt the warmth of the restaurant’s heating system come brushing against my face, and I shuffled excitedly past the snow and into the restaurant. The door closed slowly behind me and I finally relaxed. I looked down at my feet and gasped: the snow, which I had sunken to my knees in, had melted against my warm skin and soaked my shoes and socks, but then had apparently refrozen, leaving a thin layer of ice coating my legs and shoes. I shivered, despite the warmth of the building, and walked up to the counter to see if I could somehow get something warm to drink.
I had no dizzy spells.
2. Thank you notes are so much more fun on Leah Giberson's trailer painting stationery, courtesy of my witty sister in law. Nothing says classy like a 1959 canned ham trailer. Speaking of staying classy, I'm slowly making my way through David Mitchell's The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet. I have a bone to pick with you, David Mitchell, and that bone is the four hundred pages of 18th century Dutch sailor jargon you're inflicting upon an otherwise perfectly decent story. Example (say in pirate voice): "Mr. Cutlip, I want the marines to row the longboat, dressed in landsmen's slops, with cutlasses hidden below the thwarts in sackcloth." Aaargh! I mean, SERIOUSLY.
My embellishment is the Anita's dimensions butterfly with its diamante flight trail.
As Dave, The Gratitude Guy, I will continue to educate everyone that the best way for us to value our present day happiness is to be grateful for what we already have.
I made these simple shelves and I still need to put some “real” pictures in the frames on the bottom. i framed fabric for the top frame.
So if you're looking for a yummy grown-ups only dessert for St. Paddy's Day, give this one a try!
SLOWLY add in powdered sugar and once somewhat combined, mix on HIGH speed for 3 minutes
Wisdom Words from the Proverbs
having the presents wrapped early
by his gutter breath
Beginning with the garishly yellow Towards an Urban Renaissance published in 1999 but assembled through meetings and overseas study tours in the preceding two to three years, a concerted if slightly incoherent effort has been made to get the central government of the day interested in TIF. This publication was followed up by Paying for an Urban Renaissance and Towards a Strong Urban Renaissance. So, first Labour and then, more recently, the Coalition have been lobbied. This has not been easy. Tax-talk does not always get the political pulse going. Even those whose business it is to be interested in financing economic development have been known to roll their eyes when the conversation has turned to TIF. The public, well they are even harder to get switched on! There has not been much mobilization either for or against TIF in the UK – yet.
Sprinkle the carrots that have been cut the size of a match with the salt and knead until wilted, soak in a mixture of water that has been given a bit of salt and vinegar. Let soak and drain.
This month, the central government said Limpopo, which has recorded some of the country's worst results in standardised testing, had unauthorised expenditure of 2.2 billion rand ($275 million). The province had more than 2,400 teachers on the payroll, including 200 "ghost teachers" who were not in classrooms but were still paid.
I’ve done an incredibly unpopular thing, and lowered my portrait prices (I’m sure I have a few friends who might want to hang me by my camera strap for this). I know all the arguments for a photographer raising prices, or keeping them in competitive range with other photographers in the area. Believe me, the last thing I intend to do is take business away from anyone else, or mislead clients into believing that there’s nothing to photography.
Nu, I have a new tale in which I evoke poetry and my Jewishness, and in which I pay homage to dear Oscar, the poet whose work I so adore. Those of you who have The Tangled Muse will have read my prose-poem tribute to Wilde therein -- & it will be reprinted in my forthcoming collection from Hippocampus Press, Uncommon Places, to be publish'd next year. Maryanne K. Snyder and I have also written a tale of young Wilde and his encounter, in London, with newly-spawn'd Simon Gregory Williams of Sesqua Valley. The delightful Jason V Brock has accepted that story for a forthcoming hardcover anthology.
“Good Things” is the fourth song on the record and was released almost an entire year before “War Paint”, although it is not officially listed as a single. This songs seems to be Perdomo wondering why things don’t go his way much of the time. “I’ll try to turn things around, but instead I’ll say ‘Why do I feel so invisible? Good things will come my way.’” The song finds Perdomo hopeful that things will get better for him and that things won’t always be as they have been in the past.
5 Tbsp. water
Progressive educators like Monica Rankin at the University of Texas at Dallas recognize the value of fostering such connections and encourage students to use tools like Twitter throughout the semester — training them to seek out connections that will broaden and deepen their intellectual inquiry.
This is a large, 6" square card. I cut down two different 12x12" pieces of patterned paper from the Songbird stack to make my group of spinner cards, and will share the others another day. It looks simple enough, and fun comes from watching the red sparkly bird spin around on the wavy track. I also used one of my favourite stamps from the PTI order ... 'bring on the HAPPY!' in my new favourite ink colour (Soft Stone).
I’m sure Newt would like to reboot a few facts in his timeline too. Like that affair he was having while his first wife was dying of cancer. Or that other affair he was having while trying to impeach Bill Clinton for hiding his own extramarital activities. If the guy’s going to wear a letter on his chest, it’s Hester Prynne’s, not Superman’s.
’till dim the discs before him drew
I've never seen a school term fly by so quickly, it's almost gone. We have only two more weeks of teaching time, then we'll have a revision week, followed by what we call the 'Christmas End of Term Test'. I realize that every teacher really needs an assistant because even though I'm getting things done, there's always more to do. I'm correcting papers, books, and homework in the morning, during break time, lunch time and especially after school. So, I want all of the teacher aids and assistant teachers out there to know that you are so very much needed and appreciated!
We never think that blessings can lead to pride but God knows us better than we know ourselves. When we forget that is God that increases we can lose sight of who is in control. What keeps us from moving forward is our inability to be honest about our hearts. If we can’t be honest about our sinful nature and our ability to sin, then we will not give to Jesus. Jesus came for those who are sick and the sick seek him. Those that can looking for Jesus for healing also got forgiveness but they never come unless the know that they are sick. Humans don’t admit fault on their own because they don’t think anything is wrong. Only the Holy Spirit can reveal our need for salvation, the flesh can’t do that and will not.
That has to be one of the best lines in the latest James O'Keefe "gotcha" video. In the video below, an actor goes into Eric Holder's voting precinct and is offered his ballot with no ID. Bear in mind that the actor is white and Attorney General Eric Holder is African-American.
This is truly a wonder product. It soothes the skin and refreshes tired and puffy eyes which is what sometimes I get. If my eyes are ever sensitive and itchy then I'll apply this to a cotton wool pad and hold it either over my eye or underneath my eye to soothe the redness and get rid of any eye bags that I may have. It's also really good at removing eye make up - not the heavy stuff but just if you have a little bit of eye shadow on or anything.
My plan for this weekend was to increase the number of lights in my hallway from zero lights to two lights. It’s a dark space and I like being able to see what’s in front of me. I mapped out what I needed to do and made a list of items to buy. I have several other enlightening endeavors in other areas of my house that I intend to work on in the near future so I decided I would buy some of the supplies for those projects as well. Also, since I was going to the home store I figured I’d pick up a few things to assist with another project or two I intend to do at some point. I mean why not, right?
Us v them
“Let’s stand inside.”
So for this challenge we want to see your Love creations; be it for someone you love, something you love ( dogs, flowers, dragons etc), a colour you love, a layout you love or even a technique you love. It's up to you!
It all comes down to the way you think. If you prove your mind wrong like I did, you’ll be amazed at the things you can do!
I think for most people January should be a time of a slow paced life, as the holidays are over and things are back to normal. Not for me. January is the start of quite a busy time for me. First there is all the mom group stuff at the first of the year, Girl Scout Meetings (weekly between both girls), Girl Scout Cookie sales (hey local moms, don't forget to order yours!), Girl Scout Camp, Relay For Life, now add on my new job that starts this month, I just may lose my mind! This week alone, I have orientation for my job, GS meeting with Jess, Cookie Rally with both girls, & hopefully a MNO on Saturday night. It's going to be a busy week. Thankfully Monday and Tuesday are relatively quiet for me, but the rest of the week will be a blur.
HOLIDAY, HERE I COME. See you on the other side folks!
past week? We welcome all who are new to our challenge
#5514 Hickory Smoked Ham for slicing $19.99 $22.99
Click on the picture to get your own FREE copy!
*Because my brisket was 5 1/2 lbs, I increased the sauce recipe by 1-1/2.
Now when we talk about his music, remember these things!
Renegade Magic is out now as a hardcover in the US and Canada and as a paperback (with the title A Tangle of Magicks) in the UK.
The clumps of grass are called hummocks. The rest is called water. We managed to make it over to the fence that separated us from the pond. I even found an opening in the fence. However, if you look back at the pond picture, you can tell there is grayish-brown vegetation all around it. Those are cattails. Cattails grow in... water. No chance at all of getting close to that pond.
Definitely handbag. (I also have a watch and knee-high boot fetish!)
The event is presented by the Irish-Romanian Cultural Association “New Grange”, in collaboration with the Local Council Sapanta, and with Sapanta Orthodox Parish of Maramures County Council support.
– Civilians Confirm L.A. County Jail Inmate Brutalization Reports
God will not forgive a sinner on the basis that he is sorry. PEOPLE PLEASE HEAR THIS! Of course we should be sorry for sin–we have a conscience to tell us that adultery, rape, lust, murder, hatred, lying, stealing, etc., are wrong. And of course we shouldn’t sin again. However, God will release us from the demands for eternal justice only on the basis that someone else paid our fine. Two Thousand years ago, Jesus Christ died on the cross to pay for the sins of the world. His words on the cross were, “IT IS FINISHED!” (John 19:30). In other words, the debt has been paid in full.
I had to stay home with Marek today, he still has a pretty big fever. Fortunately he's eating/drinking fine and other than being a bit lethargic he's showing no other symptoms. I struggled with wanting to graze all day and I ate a couple of things that were not part of the plan. Mid-morning I ate a bowl of the kids cereal and later I had a 1/2 of peanut butter/jelly sandwich that Marek didn't eat. But I tried to skip the negative talk and just tracked it and moved on.
I sure hope iPhone 5 (or the New iPhone, or whatever the hell they decide to call it, if and when it ever comes out) will have a better camera.
December, giving a total of twelve seconds.'
I am really excited to be going home, though pretty tired, and it is not going to get better soon as I have about 20 hours of travel ahead of me.
That (sometimes) dreaded phrase, write what you know, can be taken in more ways than one. (And, there's something being left out of the equation. )
Josiah Henson died on 5th May 1885, in Dresden Ontraio, aged 94. Since his death he has received many honours: he was the first black man to appear on a Canadian stamp; his home and other buildings on the site of Dawn Settlement are preserved; and, in 1999 the Historic Sites and Monuments Board of Canada declared him a National Historic Person and installed a plaque outside his relocated and restored cabin.
While she never once uses the term “classical conditioning” or allude to Pavlov, her instructions are clear. Pair the conditioned stimulus (lovey/music/bedtime routine) with the unconditioned stimulus (however the baby normally falls asleep, i.e. on the booba) so that it is associated with the unconditioned response (sleep). Eventually, the introduction of the conditioned stimulus (lovey/music/bedtime routine) will result in a conditioned response (sleep). It worked for Pavlov in getting a dog to drool on command. It worked when I taught Beloved Dog how to pee on command. Why didn’t I think of it as a way to get Babby to sleep on command??
She asked me if there were potholes on the roads in Dar es Salaam. When I told her yes, she said, “it must be an East African syndrome.”
Conservative presidential hopeful Mitt Romney frequently defends himself against the accusation that he is just too wealthy to understand what common folk are going through in these economic hard times. Indeed, the quarter billion dollar man does seem to be insensitive to people who are struggling financially. This is the man that says that he doesn’t care about poor people because they already have plenty of safety nets, the same safety nets that he wants to cut if given the opportunity. He has advocated for the automobile industry to go bankrupt and let the nation’s economy run the risk of losing way more than a million jobs.
While Gordon Brown attacks the City for the recession his cheap money created, angry BNP supporters criticise foreigners for the unemployment of which they or people around them are part.
But now they are everywhere!! And normal, non-hookers-without-hearts-of-gold are wearing them!
not only are they really helpful with the kids, but they love projects!
But that's the great thing about cards.
Although I have not seen the movie, the moment I found this
when will you be ready to treat others the way you want to be treated? when will you forgive as god has forgiven you?
BF: And so, the point is, let’s develop these patents in a safe way, and you can have a boom time such as we haven’t had in a very long time.
...like the inner critic people talk, write, and do expensive self-help workshops about...even as my own inner critic’s telling me that Yoga for Cynics is delving into that airy-fairy realm of new age pop psychology where, in annoyingly cutesy-putesy ways, everything gets personified, and.......the inner blogger says shut up and write...
Law & Order.
I've since read up on Birreria and learnt that their sausages are the bomb. Dang.
There likely isn't one... i know...
Aren't Zelda games awesome? They bring a whole new meaning to the 'fetch item' gaming objective. The 'fetch item' quests in most games are typically optional, and are generally repetitive and boring. Plus, the item in question is not essential to success. In Zelda games, items are deep within dungeons or temples. You must fight off enemies with varying tactics, and solve puzzles as you navigate your way through these treacherous places. When you finally reach that item, you realize that it is actually useful. It doesn't just boost your stats or something, it is essential to progressing through the game. The dungeon boss is generally one of the first instances where possessing that special item allows you to lambast the evil creature with remorseless fury.
but we walk into
No Catholic ministry – and yes, Mr. President, for Catholics our schools and hospitals are ministries – can remain faithful to the Lordship of the Risen Christ and to his glorious Gospel of Life if they are forced to pay for abortions.
The King had a gathering to celebrate the World Officer Championship (WOC). Three soldiers from the North where chosen and one of them happens to be a woman. She is the North Korean General’s daughter that he’s very proud of. Kim Hang Ah (Ha Ji Won) is the best soldier an army could ever have. She’s practically a battalion of her own. With her strength and skills, 100 men just can’t cut it. Okay, maybe that’s too much to say. Nonetheless, she’s a trained fighter and with outstanding skills to boot. Hang Ah isn’t an original member of the North Korean squad that was assigned to participate. Just that, one member got badly injured and she’s the next big thing. Besides, she won’t let her team be defeated. Moreover, the Commanding Officer promised a future husband once things are over. Hah, goodluck with that..
Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale (reviewed by JM)—After the syrupy-sticky sweetness of the Anchor Our Special Ale, this brew by Sierra Nevada - Celebration Ale - was an amazingly refreshing contrast. This IPA poured a lovely dark orange color, and left some nice lacing. The smell was quite powerful: lots and lots of hops, lots and lots of citrus (more grapefruit than lemon, say), and a strong dose of floral to balance it out. The scent reminded me very much of Founder's Red's Rye. It's a beautiful scent, and very inviting.The taste was not much different from the scent. Immediate splash of citrus and hops (bitter and tangy at first, like biting into a grapefruit peel), followed by a medium-body malt. There may have been a touch of pine in this one, but it was hard to tell with all of the citrus hops blazing away in the forefront.
I’m not even a chick and I am excited about this. It’s possible this is the first movie my wife and I are equally looking forward to seeing. This is a pretty ominous promo, which is very encouraging.
1 T chopped green onion
'No sir'
Something else I'm kind of proud of? I'd been noticing that there was/is a shameful dearth of support for mentoring and moving women into upper leadership positions within my company. So instead of just stewing about it, I reached out to a woman with a long tenure, who is in a highly respected leadership position and sat down and said, "What do we do about this?" And she encouraged me to establish a women-in-leadership group to meet regularly and share ideas, challenges, and network. Well, I did it, and the first meeting is scheduled for the end of this month. We're starting small, and hoping that it'll grow. I hope something good comes out of it. However, whenever women get together behind closed doors to talk about anything, men tend to get nervous. I'm convinced that's one of the reasons that the Salem witch trials happened at all: Men were freaked out because there were women meeting and talking without them, so you know, of course they must be witches. It's a theory...
Interview with Maxine Waters
And there you have it! I hope the above list was hopeful to at least someone other than me, because I finally got my doubts cleared and I also realized that many bakeries like to use the french word for jelly just to make their desserts sound a little more classy.
Now on to Deryl. Most of this year when I thought about that phrase "Different, but better" when it came to my marriage I just couldn't picture it. Deryl and I have always had a near perfect marriage. I don't think we had ever in our marriage had fights like we have had this year. Our kid's had actually never in their entire lives seen us fight. I can't tell you how many couple's came to us just to be near us because they longed to have a marriage like ours. I actually had a MINISTER tell me that if my children had never seen us fight then we just needed to learn how to fight!!!! WHAT?!?!? What terrible advice. God has blessed me with a wonderful, wonderful man. And just because others fight like crazy in their marriage does not make mine wrong!! I had to hold onto the Deryl I married. The Deryl I knew and loved even when I couldn't stand the sight of him. I HAD to force myself to see him through God's eyes and this was not always easy. But I KNEW what kind of marriage we had and I KNEW we were obviously meant to do great and mighty things for God's kingdom or the enemy wouldn't be so persistent in trying to take us down.
I finally looked at Marc and said- I think today is the day.
_Jeanne Gang, 47, Chicago. Architect focusing on the geographic, social and environmental factors of residential, educational and commercial buildings.
I really enjoyed this book and I wish that I had it when I was sixteen. There are wonderful life lessons throughout this book and I loved it to pieces. Melissa did a wonderful job unraveling Clem's story and my heart broke for her several times. I could totally feel her pain when she let everything out and I just wanted to hug her and tell her it would be alright. Clem is definitely one of my favorite characters. She owned up to what was her fault and the growth that she shows by the end of the book was just amazing. I have high hopes for her and her BFF, Amanda. I also really loved Olive her sister and James the boy see meets while sailing. They were fantastic additions to this story and I loved them both to pieces for being there for Clem.
Juju ChallengeTak: The Abundant Juju Challenge
Mix the flour, leavening, salt and oats together in a bowl, put aside.
Most well populated areas have an array of museums covering many different subjects. Visiting one that is dedicated to something that you have in common with the woman is another good first date idea.
Technology perfected in the desert will now be coming to a inner city neighborhood near you. Who ever thought that these weapons would be used against the American people once the Military Industrial Complex ran out of foreign bogeymen to drop their bombs on?
From childhood friends, to college friends to colleagues-turned-friends, if they’ve spent enough time with me and actually paid attention when I ramble on, they should be able to answer most of them.
But look! A glowing in the still pool
I think the hardest thing for me was remembering that I’m in another culture and things are going to be different. It was very tempting when I first moved to London to compare the way things are done here with the way they are done in the US. And yet the whole point of living in a new country is that it is new. Getting out of that mindset takes awhile and until you do, it’s hard to appreciate where you’re living for its own sake.
Booth said diabetes is more common in certain ethnic groups, including people of Aboriginal, South Asian, African and Hispanic descent. These groups are more likely to get type 2 diabetes — and at an earlier age — due to a variety of genetic factors, including a propensity to gain weight and the likelihood that extra body fat will induce insulin resistance. Booth said the pattern revealed by the report fits with where these at-risk communities live in the province.
I’m so excited to tell you about an opportunity for you to grow in faith, nourish your soul, and learn more about the truth of God’s plans for your life.
-Little Era Beach
The Unauthorized Practice of Medicine
2. the view that public education and other matters of civil policy should be conducted without the introduction of a religious element.”
My second husband was a pest. He would call “just to check up” and then bitch about how miserable he was. He would write scathing messages on facebook about how I shouldn’t say nasty things about him to my friends. He signed a paper that said anything left after he moved out was mine. Six months later for the courts he signed a paper saying all our property had been distributed and he had his and I had mine. Six months later I got threats about all his stuff that I had no right to be keeping because it was his and not mine. He wanted to keep tabs on my 17 year old daughter and 21year old son. He accused me of not letting them speak to him, as though I could have prevented it had they wanted to call.
Halperin: it doesn’t matter - Romney
I'd seen on their Facebook page that they were open for dinner now so we walked over and sure enough, they were open until 9:00! It was a gorgeous evening...not overly breezy, pleasant cool temperature, and the sidewalk seating was just perfect.
this next one you got to enter by Sunday night..
Hello, friends. I hope you are enjoying the previews that The Craft's Meow team has been showing the last few days. The stamps will be available for purchase tomorrow. We will celebrate with a hop, so make sure you come back!
So…. what do I do this year? What resolutions do I make as a twenty-something moving forward into my… (gasp) late twenties in 2012? Read on!
xx Sandra
Strong women especially don’t seem to need these material or immaterial things, because oftentimes we can get those things for ourselves or we seem like we don’t need them.
or Grandmother and Granddaughter Tea.
To give sight to a blind man
play more,
Estimated IBU: 37.2 IBU
I might as well have just written ‘I fought a polar bear with a piece of soggy toast and came this close to winning’ as the title, with as much sense as that one makes. Double points if you argue that soggy toast is just bread.
assalamualaikum!
Now, onto mine.
You lay quietly in the warm nest of bed, listening, hoping it's just someone lost, asking for directions. In a moment, your spouse calls your name. You know from the tone of his voice, that something is wrong.
I’ve believe that the skill levels dipping in MMOs is both completely logical and, in fact, totally necessary to avoid a complete priesthood developing. Let me explain with a quote from, yes, Raph Koster again (I’m done with the book in class now, so it will soon trickle out of my memory).
She refers to Liping Ma's book I've also read and written about, and found exceptional to point these differences between teaching a concept and teaching just a process. Chinese teachers refer to mathematical learning as packages of knowledge, they'll make a graph with a concept in the middle box and other boxes branching out. This will be a MASTERY perception of math, where things are connected and related, versus the floating platforms described by Englemann.
All you can do is try to keep up and kill as many of the little rat bastards as you can. I often think of the slimy politicians we have while performing this task, particularly the scum that our raise taxes and take my liberties away.
I spent more than an hour just rooting through the boxes, and it cost me just 25 bucks.
My final suggestion for making Christmas Dinner less stressful is to accept offers of help. If someone offers to bring a vegetable, let them! If they ask what they can do to help out in the kitchen, give them a job! Don't try to do everything yourself if you don't have to.
I don't really no. I look closely around the walls. There are bits of small scribbled writing everywhere:
Avery the Beast Grand Cru
He didn’t knock when he reached the door, and Jack didn’t turn when he entered the room. Their fearless leader stood in front of a large fireplace, hands clasped loosely behind his back. Not for the first time Fletch considered the chances of success in a quick knife throw.
Front Exit Exhaust
I am working on the feather tutorial for those of you that have inquired. That is coming soon.
Sierra Nevada Jack and Kens Black Barleywine
Tyrogliko – Ti-roglik6
* Those who have read my poem Trading in the Vespa will know that riding one of these has been a dream. But don't worry, Sreylin is very responsible, she drove slowly, and I held on tight.
As you know, we just relocated to Tennessee. Our 4th move in 9 years of marriage. The 5th church that Big A has been on staff as a worship pastor. Our 3rd state. Our 5th home owned.
How do you work to add color and life to otherwise "normal" or "boring" areas? Have you been "prettifying" anything lately? Whose ready for the colors and smells of spring? I am!
As luck would have it the library was full of research material. Who would have known that the Oregonians were in touch with their native roots? Oregon acknowledged their history of how it was before colonization. Local history was a requirement for graduation from high school. Not only did I find a wealth of reading material but I also found many people to engage in well-informed conversation on the topic. And then there were the local tribes as well. Being much less than 200 years since the first explorer came to Oregon, the previous civilizations were well represented in the present day.
School was less than stellar. I was never a good student. I was bright, but unmotivated. I wanted to be anywhere but in school. And I was wildly creative, and imaginative. I am a writer by nature, so I was always getting in trouble for 'having my head in the clouds,' Haha! I had a lot of good people who surrounded my mom and I, but who didn't completely understand me. I know they often felt frustrated for my mom, because I was such a difficult and stubborn kid. When I was eleven, I descended into five years of hell, known as my teenage years. I was angry, I was stubborn, I was difficult and I didn't know how to harness it (yet). I was also being sexually abused and didn't know how to tell anyone, including my psychoanalyst. I told a story to a few people at school and it was me trying to tell them that I had been abused, but nobody knew to take it that way and I got into a lot of trouble, because no one could read between the lines of what I was saying. Nobody.
And of course, how could we call it “The Patron Experience” without a sampling of the world’s #1 Ultra Premium Tequila? Whether you prefer the smooth agave taste of Silver, the citrus sweet Reposado or the classy aged style of Patron Añejo, you WILL NOT be disappointed by the FRIDA selections. We’ll be sampling the best of the best and creating specially crafted cocktails with your favorite flavors.
TREFOIS P. Vaccinatie van gezondheidswerkers. Vax Info 2006; 45: 2-3.
I haven’t entirely given up my crafty side! I’ve been focusing more on nail art recently but I still can’t give up on crafts. Most of the stuff I do isn’t worthy of a whole blog post but this….I’m really proud of this!
In cash today,
5. Heat a flat cast iron griddle to hot but not smoking.
Richards LJ also rejected the claim based on the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive. The data processed pursuant to the contested provisions in the DEA are "traffic data" as defined in Article 2 of the Directive, namely "any data processed for the purpose of the conveyance of a communication on an electronic communications network or for the billing thereof". Articles 5 and 6 of the directive impose obligations on Member States in relation to such matters as the confidentiality of traffic data, subject in each case to the derogation in Article 15(1), which provides that Member States may adopt legislative measures to restrict the scope of the rights and obligations provided for in Articles 5 and 6 of the Directive.To this end, Member States may, inter alia, adopt legislative measures providing for the retention of data for a limited period, also for the protection of property rights, including copyright.
Perhaps you could do the same? (Call your congressperson, I mean. Don’t call mine unless you have to- he’s not a very nice person.)
The Bible is truly a remarkable book, unfortunately it’s often misunderstood. The Bible is not a book about me and you, it’s a book about God. We only find our place in God’s story as we understand the bigger story in which we live. Too often, the Bible is merely a guide-book or instruction-manual filled with commands to “do this” and “don’t do that.” If we miss out on the story being told through the Bible, then it makes sense to treat Scripture as a book filled with advice on how to live.
What is something you read that made you wish you could write that well?
Well, it did to me.
someone other than you
Somehow they never seem complete without fresh flowers. I cannot wait until summer when I can simply snip a few blooms from my garden! For now, I settle for the little bouquets I occasionally pick up at the grocery store. Life's simple pleasures.
Thanks, Jeanne, for the recommendation. (This movie is currently on cable, is available through Netflix here in the US, and most likely available on DVD just about anywhere.)
Miscalculates the charge
Most interviews start with a fairly loose shot of the interviewer and/or guest. Make sure you leave enough room for a name/title key if necessary. It’s usually best to have similar framing for both interviewer and guest at the beginning of the interview. As the interview progresses the relative framing can vary.
We all load up and start driving out. They tell me that we are put on stand by. I’m thinking okay what are we doing? Are we staying at the airport or going to Denver? Not one of them could decide on what to do. So I made the decision. I drove over to the car rental place and turned in the truck. That’s right. We are going to sit at the airport for 6 fucking hours. I’m sick of the shit. We get into the terminal and the two of them walk off. I chill and a watch. My buddy walks off going to the bathroom. I walk over to the bitch and tell her that we are going to meet at the information center and pointed over toward it. She doesn’t even acknowledge me. This was the last straw for me attempting to be nice to her. Me and my wife walk off and about 30-45 minutes later my buddy calls me up and asks where I’m at. I tell him I’m at restaurant having a beer and if he wants to join me he could. He tells me he will be down in a minute. I wait about 15 and head out. I’m not waiting on them anymore. A little while later we are walking around and he spots me and calls me on the phone to let me know that I just past him. He was in another restaurant. My wife and I join him and his girl. I don’t say two words to the bitch. They whisper to each other and she walks off. He is pissed off at her tell me it’s over with her. I’m thinking this is great news but I know better. He asks me what my problem was and I just explode with information. He looks over at me and tells me that I need to chill the fuck out. I tell him to fuck off and that I’ve held my tongue all trip long and I’m not going to be disrespected any longer. He starts to defend her and I’m not hearing any of it. I tell him he can walk anytime. Five minutes later he tells me that he needs to go and deal with her and makes a half ass excuse to leave. The two groups pretty much doesn’t talk till we get back home. We arrive and I drive them to there apartment. I politely unload their luggage and the bitch grabs her shit and walk away without saying a damn thing. My buddy shakes my hand and thanks me for the great trip. Because of the bitch not even saying bye or even thanks for nothing asshole I’m more pissed than ever. I’m shaking my buddy’s hand and talking loud. I’m saying “thank YOU for coming and I’m glad YOU came along. I get back into my truck and peel out. There is not question on why I was pissed....
2.) The pink crown above the fireplace
So Friday had finally arrived. Tomas and Angel had already left that morning for Bilbao. Me being the pringado, I was stuck in Madrid having to work. But as soon as that final bell rang, I ran to the bus stop, picked up the first bus that came by (and by luck was the one that goes to the airport), went to the airport, and caught my flight to meet up with my friends.
561430 Business service centers (including private mail centers & copy shops)
V is four months old today. I really don't know where the time is going. He started rolling over the other day, just a couple of times but it's a start. He's definitely started grabbing more. He likes his Jumparoo- it's really good for him since he likes standing, and it's got the toys/music/lights to keep him playing. He continues to fight sleep during the day; some days it's not so bad, others it's very frustrating. He blows raspberries, squeals, and laughs a lot more. It's awesome watching him grow.
My next step was to add a new mirror. The builder mirror was not doing it for me at all - bye bye mirror! I had bought a mirror at Target quite some time back with the intention to use it in this bathroom, but it sat unused for the longest time. No more! The mirror now has a home. =)
I just love watching a child learn and teach themselves, and out of pure self-motivation. I love watching in action the proof that children don't need teachers.
Paul was going to learn more of this as this trip to Rome unfolded. Are you experiencing the hand of God at work in your life? Are you in the place God wants you to be at this point of time? Or are you still trying to work things out in your own strength? You cannot claim the blessings of God and answered prayer unless you are doing His work in His way.
Even the CPS could not find a way to ignore that, although they certainly tried, and the media have been busily burying all memory of the case ever since.
Not so many things we got to do
“Where were you guys?” I shouted playfully.
3. Where did you go to college or where do you want to go?
Readers can save $10 on a Pong case by using code "HGIMT" at checkout! Also, Pong is giving away one Pong case (your choice of iPhone or Blackberry case) to a reader. Leave me a comment here for a chance to win. Friend Pong Research on Facebook HERE and leave me a comment saying you did it for a second chance to win. Twitter about Pong and leave me a comment for every tweet you send out for even more chances to win. Contest open to residents of the U.S. No purchase necessary to win. I'll choose a winner on Friday, April 30.
For example. Jeff is on vacation this week. The change in our morning routine is freaking her out just a little bit. Jeff went to visit some friends yesterday and stayed over night. Alyssa doesn't believe that he is coming back. THAT breaks my heart! I told her Daddy will be home this afternoon, and while her head accepts that, I don't think her heart really believes it! They are doing state mandated testing at school this week. Etc. Etc. Etc.
3. 1/8/2010. "The Anorexic Text: Consciousness is a Surface (Part Two)." This was the post where I began to theorize my ideas of the "anorexic" or the "bulimic text." I have since revised these ideas, I now think of it as the "implicit" versus the "explicit" text. But I think what I was really trying to figure out was the male modernist's male experimentalist's absolutely ego-strewn bravado, and something about automatic writing, who practiced it, who was allowed.
At this point God warns the children, “Do not walk in the statutes of your fathers, nor keep their rules, nor defile yourselves with their idols. I am the Lord your God; walk in my statutes and be careful to obey my rules” (v 18-19). Wouldn’t you know it – the next generation rebelled against God as well. I’m thinking about this time, God’s fairly tired of this whole exchange. But because God had promised in the sight of the nations that He would deliver His people, He continued to withhold the true power of His wrath. However, the Lord swore he would “scatter them among the nations and disperse them through the countries, because… their eyes were set on their fathers’ idols” (v 24).
I was born in 1983. One of my peers described our generation as the first (and perhaps only one) that will be able to beat our kids at video games. Kid Newton’s a little young to be gunning for me, but I have my Nintendo on standby for testing the theory.
Life Goes On
I made the welcome sign using a presentation board from Target. They also have these awesome black letters to use for school presentations that made my life easier since I usually cut everything out from a stencil. Note to husband: would love Cricut for next birthday.
The proposed law would prohibit any “person engaged in a business, an industry, a profession, a trade, or other enterprise in the state, or a unit of State or local government” from requesting or requiring that an employee or applicant disclose any username, password or other means for accessing a personal account or service through an electronic communications device.
I felt the same about Source Code, which I watched this week. I feel that if it takes more than a minute to explain the premise of the film then I'm losing interest. This particularly applies in the science fiction idiom. If the hero has to ask lots of questions in order to establish whether he's alive or dead then there's a chance mere spectators like us won't be entirely sure either, which is bound to impair our enjoyment. I did enjoy it as a matter of fact but I probably only got about 25% of it.
Obligatory: Even though the gift itself is a thank-you, the host must thank his or her visitors (especially if the gift has arrived by mail).
Polls and people in tune with the generation say many in the group find themselves politically adrift, amid a bitter campaign that so far features very few of their concerns.
I have always been fascinated by 'links', ropes, hooks and knots (have a whole collection of photos), they illustrate that phenomenon very well, there might sometimes be the possible 'tension' here, but it's definitely holding, and in doing so, getting stronger and more difficult to undo! Lol.
The man arrested in the death, Pernell Demond Jefferson, was charged with pointing a firearm and is serving a prison sentence through October 2014, according to Department of Corrections records.
a 2-bedroom, 700-sq ft apartment in the holiday town of Bundoran in Co Donegal is the cheapest property on offer with a max reserve of €20,000
What sets me apart as a person and as an artist is, unquestionably, my pagan faith. Embracing that fact may not be my secret to success, but rejecting it and trying to compete on an equal playing field (I almost typed “equal plying field” there) is certainly not going to help my cause any.
* Materials: crystals from Archaeology and high-end mats from Treasure Hunting.
All the best to you, and please enjoy the video!
Ville Platte), was smoked.
At miniature guild we have made flowers but we are given a kit, I wanted to start from scratch and these cheerful flowers was a good place to start.
Well folks, I haven't ridden my bike since last fall. She's been cooped up in the garage. I moved, got busy, got too scared to practice in a downtown area, and the next thing I know, many months pass by without me even acknowledging my Gigi. I began to worry if wanting to ride was a short-lived fantasy or just a way to impress my new BF...
He placed Alice upon his back, and began to walk away from the path.
I got nothing that I asked for, but everything I hoped for.
In children, meltdowns are sometimes incorrectly referred to as "tantrums". I've talked about the differences between a meltdown and a tantrum before so I won't bore you with the details again.
Well, here you go Jess, photographic evidence that women can do what Mother Nature intended and breastfeed their babies in a public place without causing offence and sending everyone running for the hills in shock.
Wow!!! first crazy story for my blog. Last night I got called out to a domestic where a married couple was fighting. The back story is that earlier in the day, prior to my shift, the wife was driving down the road with her 11 month old female child in her lap. The wife had a major accident with her child in her lap. Wife had broken her leg in three places and the baby had a deep cut on her head. Mom advised that she had taken some medication prior to driving and had fallen asleep at the wheel. Medical came out and both mom and baby was transported to the hospital. Don’t worry the child was ok and the officer’s on scene later filed DWI and endangerment to a child on the mom. While at the hospital child protective services (CPS) were called out and the dad was notified. The dad got temporary custody of the child and the mom was ordered not to have contact with the child without supervision. The child is checked out of the hospital and the dad takes child home and all is well….for a while.
After some caution (assumed), the party moves into a cavern about half the size of the otyugh chamber, made larger by three cages that have been built into the walls, each of which make a space about eight feet by eighteen. The cage doors are hanging open. Much of the floor is damp, and in places actually muddy - everywhere that there is mud, in the cages also, there are paw prints which the forward party can fairly predict would belong to the sort of giant minks encountered by Lukas and Ahmet.
I have the sneaking suspicion that my doctor might be a feminist. This is a good thing.
I am particularly fascinated by tides, by what they do, by their regularity, their predictability, their patterns. Without getting too technical, here is a tiny mini lesson in tides...
But for now, forget about the things we expect, and let Opening Night today, or Opening Day tomorrow (or last week’s Opening Series Japan) remind you of the greatest gift baseball has to offer– the promise of the incredible. Enjoy the season, folks. It’s almost always over too soon.
and has a soul.
Food Licence Tax
Call me bad, but I have to admit that there is a little part of me that enjoys knowing that.
This pasture is secluded from the road and quiet except for the birds. I am thrilled and I think the horses are too!
13. How would you kill off your favorite character in 5?
Bye for now.....Sally-Ann...xx
“A food additive petition has been submitted to the FDA for the artificial sweetener neotame. In that petition, the sponsor claims the data presented demonstrate that the compound produces no adverse effects at a dose of 1000 mg/kg/day in the rat. The sponsor also claims that the product should be safe for patients with diabetes. A review of the data submitted to the FDA does not support these conclusions.
The doctor did tell me that if he was guided by my initial blood test, he would think he was working on a man with kidney and liver failure and that my life expectancy was minimal---
“Along with the killing of wolves in Idaho and Montana, which had their protection taken away last year through a back-door congressional rider, this planned persecution of wolves in Wyoming could be devastating to the beautiful animals’ survival in the northern Rocky Mountains,” said Robinson. “Killing most of Wyoming’s wolves will hurt wolves in Colorado, too, where they’re only starting to return by way of Wyoming.”
The X form can be made from branches you collect around the yard and wire together in the center with florist wire. Hot Glue pieces of red berry garland to the branches OR to simplify spray the sticks with red paint. The O is a wreath covered in pink berry garland and could also be as simple as a grapevine garland painted pink. Wire them together with florist wire and dangle from a white floppy ribbon. Super cute!
I have been test tatting several patterns for another tatter, so can't show that work.
I have bitten back tears
David Alexander Paterson (born May 20, 1954) is an American politician who served as the 55th Governor of New York, from 2008 to 2010. During his tenure he was the first governor of New York of African American heritage and also the second legally blind governor of any U.S. state.
The Jesus Trail lies entirely within “Israel proper” and does not cross into the Palestinian territories. Thus there are no checkpoint crossings to contend with on the Jesus Trail as there are on some other hiking trails in Israel. The Gospel Trail also lies within Israel.
The cold was terrific. The shock of the water took the breath out of my lungs. Down and down I went, spinning in all directions. Swimming as hard as I could in the direction which I thought to be away from the ship, I finally came up with my lungs bursting, but not having taken any water. The ship was in front of me, 40 yards away. How long I had been swimming under water, I don’t know. Perhaps a minute or less. Incidentally, my watch stopped at 2:22 am.
In slower turn’s power oversteer or corner entry understeer is evident, but the downforce soon makes itself felt in the higher gears. The laps of Spa made Eau Rouge and Pouhon easier than you’d expect, but I’d doubt I’d be brave enough to attempt these turns in 6th gear in a real F1 car. In fact the biggest problem of Eau Rouge was lining up the car coming down from La source, with a grass kerb to the left of the track and no visibility of the front wheels on the Simulator. Placing the car was a problem, and although most likely still a problem in a real f1 car, was mainly a downside I’d associate with the simulator. My bad line into Eau Rouge (once I’d stopped trying to take it in top gear in the Megane) was the reason and place for my most spectacular spins. Indeed with the simulator you really don’t want to be hitting the barriers, the hard jolt the platform delivers reminds the driver they have crashed, this is no soft ride.
But, no. The other night, I was totally exhausted after playing the second round of Hide and Go Poop with Colden and not sleeping at all the night before, and right after dinner, I put on my jammies and went to bed, feeling too tired to lift a limb.
It’s the juxtaposition of the two extremes in the titles that I like about this one. Life and death, side by side. One book contains mini-biographies of 100 famous people, from Alexander the Great to Winston Churchill. The other provides short and true anecdotes about bizarre and crazy ways of dying – about 150 of them (so death certainly has the edge). One is supposed to be inspiring, the other will make you collapse in a helpless heap of schadenfreude.
Row 6-10- continue increasing 1 sc per stitch series until you have (1sc in 8sc, 2sc in next). (60)Row 11- BLO (back loops only) sc in each sc (60)
mix with enough luke warm water to reach a dropping consistency (much like cake batter !)
Nowhere is there warmth to be found
“My apologies,” he said.
You know the facts show people don’t buy and hold for long periods of time. So while the spreadsheet is accurate it does not reflect investor behaviour.
Spellbinders Nestabillities
The graffiti-influenced 1980s artist is the recovery's comeback kid. After his brightly colored paintings pushed above $14 million in early 2007, collectors watched his prices plummet.
oil / butter : 1 tsp
I didn't cry while I was away (amazingly). But getting back to her couldn't have been fast enough for me! When we got home she was already asleep. So I woke her up - which equals dazed, cranky child. I had to show her I was home though, thinking she would just be so very excited. I probably should have let her sleep - she wanted her g-ma instead of me. Now I know...but I'll still probably wake her in the future too. I am just selfish that way that I want to see her and have her "see" me too.
So, there I was in this huge school with a locker assignment and the changing of classes every hour for 7 hours a day. At this time in my life I was not even 5 feet tall and weighed probably 70 pounds. I’m now 5’8” in weigh _______. I still have nightmares about constantly forgetting my locker combination code. Never was good with the digits and to this day I don’t keep track of my check book and I pay some bad ass to do my taxes for me. If a gal can’t remember her
Can we find a friend so faithful who will all our sorrows share?
Json says that God used this time to deal with his heart, and though he did not immediately relinquish his old ways, he began to understand that God was real and that there was more to life than what he had come to know.
My heart was blinded by you.
Inside, she uses moxa treatment to help with his impotence. I had to look this up as I didn’t know how to explain this without using any Korean. It’s basically a type of acupuncture therapy where you use heat and herbs (like mugwort) to heal you but you’re almost burning/cauterizing the skin in the process.
Bright pupils more likely to suffer bipolar disorder
“If the current leadership changed hands I would be more than happy to return.
Hope you like this very simple idea.
I become the familiar of that ghost
By stronger winds
Food cravings shouldn’t be mistaken for hunger…usually when you crave a certain food you will do anything to get your fix of chocolate, haribo sweets, salted peanuts or Krispy Kreme doughnuts!! (ahh man – did I just put a link there to tempt you??!!)
China Glaze Instant Chemistry from the 2012 Magnetix collection
This story captivates me, because the woman we see here understood the principle of nurturing anyone given into her care. Indeed, she was a mother long before she bore her first child. So today we treasure the heart of this nameless woman who captured the attention of heaven and laid hold of the supernatural by her defiant faith in God.
Ingredients: 1 &1/2 cup fresh shredded coconut, 1/2 cup almond powder, 1 cup milk powder dissolved in milk (about a cup), 1 can condensed milk (big), 1/2 cup ghee, 1 tsp crushed cardamoms, 1 tsp saffron strands. I have just used condensed milk for sweetening. If you want more sweetness, you can add a couple of tablespoons of sugar.
He called a police officer and said:
1 respond
Why is it that we have held to each one so tightly? Have we not been strangled at times by the task of nursing each wound? Hasn’t the refusal to relinquish control left us weak and tired with regret?
In 2009 Richard Knight explored the evidence for Paraphilic Coercive Disorder and in his paper “Is a Diagnostic Category for Paraphilic Coercive Disorder Defensible?”. He summarised that the main evidence for Paraphilic Coercive Disorder being included as a diagnostic category stemmed from phallometric studies however he contends that they don’t necessarily show that arousal results from exposure of coercive stimuli but simply that coercive stimuli does not impair arousal when sexual stimuli is also presented. In addition, sexual fantasies about forcing sex and about struggling victims are highly correlated with sadistic fantasies and have not been shown to identify a syndrome that can be discriminated from sadism.
JUSTIN: What's the last truly great film you saw recently?
No more will I sit
Now in the case of the couple above, who presumably find the national census offensive, the motivation was probably that they would receive some sort of tangible benefit - vouchers, the entitlement to dine free or even cash. However, I believe that there may be a latent motive which is far more sinister, though perhaps not conscious in some of the 'aggrieved'.
~ Pour in water and bring to boil. At low heat simmer for 30 mins.
I have however enjoyed reading all of the fun things you will be getting up to this year, thanks so much for sharing :-)
Evokative of German melodrama, "Crook" was really just a terrible play by Charles M. Barras that Niblo manager William Wheatley had refitted with a troupe of recently unemployed French dancers from another show that had the fortune (in William's eyes) of being booked in a theater that had just burned down.
Factors behind it could include conflicts over land, power, security and expressions of group identity such as language, religion and culture; patterns of discrimination, overt justification for discriminatory practices; a history of genocide or human rights violations against a particular group; denial by the perpetrators; references to past human rights violations committed against a possible perpetrator group as justification.
Having previously tackled industry giants such as The Portman Group and CAMRA, BrewDog's caustic attentions now seem to have been turned to the beliefs of small children. It's a fair target: like the other two, small children have some odd ideas and could do with being taken down a peg or two. Hence There Is No Santa, a seasonally-adjusted stout.
- postcards to invite your friends for a pretty picnic
Oh, and they are also making me send a notarized statement that I'm a stay-at-home mom, and don't have any income...which seems kind of silly, because they have my tax returns, which even include my HOBBY income...but whatever.
The goal of Weishaupt’s organization was simple yet monumental: to overthrow all political and religious institutions in order to replace it with a group of Illuminati initiates. According to him “universal happiness complete and rapid could be achieved by disposing of hierarchy, rank and riches. Princes and nations will disappear without violence from the earth; the human race will become one family; the world will be the abode of reasonable men”. On May 1, 1776, the Order of the Illuminati was founded.
According to Cedar Points web page:
The idea came to me this moring... About 4am to be precise... So today I have been making up a stand to show off my brooches.. It's triangular in shape so that work can be seen from both sides... Hopefully perfect for their display cabinets.
“Okay, 24A6B55D” it took all of my willpower not to do a tap dance right there, I could shout at the top of my lungs, I did it!
For those of you like I who think Mrs. Gunn is wound too tight, it appears that Mrs. Gunn is also packed tightly in SPANX as well.
Thanks for visiting us today and don't forget to enter your name in the linky tool for another chance of winning a Holiday Stamp of your choice!
Tetum had by then emerged as a language spoken by a majority of Timorese, while Portuguese was spoken by just a fraction of the population. Today, teachers and students alike are still struggling to catch up to the policy.
2. When heated, add in the blended ingredients.
This Burns My Heart by Samuel Park
Today, once again, we are in a “phase”. It would seem that global climate change, massive environmental pollution, endless wars, economic depression are devastating the earth and its human population. Most of these are consequences of human behavior and the abuse of power by those who have assumed it.
“Your first task is to kill the Nemean lion.”
'Yo, it's been a long week
Visit The France Show. This is your chance to prepare your next visit to France and enjoy what is second best to it: this year’s London France Show!
Rob at Pfiff! posited the need for some retrospection concerning the availability of good, local brews, and if none are available, why aren't they. So for the past several weeks, since reading the post, I've been paying more attention to the availability of craft beer in Indiana and the surrounding area. And, be it fate or luck, there have been some significant changes in the normal tap rotation of local pubs as of late. Not only have tap lists expanded, but craft bottle selections have increased to some surprising heights. Not to get anyone's hopes up, but there have been some big steps forward, especially for this area.
The Time Traveler’s Wife by Audrey Niffenegger was one of those rare books that was so good, I actually allowed myself to savor it in small snippets rather than racing through it.
The Middle (1/2)
as I try to
That was the gist of things. I told him it was time to meet his sweet death.
The green wizardry I’ve been discussing in these posts doesn’t lend itself to that sort of thinking, because it’s not intended for specialists. Now of course it will help a few careers along—unless you’re a dab hand with plumbing, for example, you’re better off getting a professional to install your solar water heating system—and it may get some started—I’ve spoken several times already about the range of small businesses that will be needed as the global economy winds down and maintaining, rebuilding, and repurposing old technologies becomes a significant economic sector. Still, most of the techniques and strategies I’ve been discussing aren’t well suited to make money for some new wave of specialists; their value is in making life more livable for ordinary people who hope to get by in the difficult times that are gathering around us right now.
'cause you just never know!
I'll be keeping an eye on the new Poetry.com, and will update this post if anything changes.
5.Losing my mom and other ppl that I love
All innocent eyes
Which is why I have been absent without leave for so long. Deadlines come first.
Agree that rock climbing would be ridiculous.
Q:What's the word on Dark Crystal II?
Marlon King After being on trial for five months charged with the murder of his four-year-old step daughter, Marlon King may know his fate today. Justice Anthony Carmona indicated yesterday that his summation, which began last Thursday, would probably be wound up today.
And even though they spill our blood
6+: Maafield twins(B), Goldnight redeemer(W)
I’ve been searching for validity, I don’t need experience, I really don’t need the paycheck, those would be nice, but what I’m looking for, these days is merely someone to say, he does amazing work, hire him… the stamp of approval…As a designer, my approach is anything but normal. I am an artist; I create and spin an experience as a spider spins a web to catch its prey… I believe that’s the misconception with Graphic Designers, everything’s become so cookie cutter… If I see another website or logo in the guise of DIY, I might scream…
So gig reviews are a bit thin on the ground on the blog these days - since I don't have as much "disposable income" as I used to and also frankly less bands on tour I'd like to see. Anyway this was this years first gig for the family Furtheron. Daughter-of-Furtheron, Mrs F and I went off to The O2 last night to see Snow Patrol.
We fail to reach maturity because we look to humans for leadership and success principles. They may be able to grow our natural abilities, and maybe our earthly funds, but they can’t grow our inner man, our intimacy with the Father, or give us direction to our real purpose in life. God’s ways are above ours, and His Book is above all our books.
There are many things that cause fear, depression and anxiety, but whatever the specific cause of our fear, understand that it all gets back to the snake. No, not the snake at the barbeque, but another snake, much craftier and much more sinister. The snake I am speaking of is that old serpent the Devil himself. The Bible says that the devil comes to Steal, Kill, and Destroy, and he is very busy in the world today. He comes to us to rob us of our joy, to rob us of our peace, and to keep us from being the people God created us to be. These problems leave us with a sense of hopelessness and no way out.
I will be baking up a storm and hopefully remembering to take pictures!!!!
There were of course a number of things that they could have done.....
As the top undercover agent in Chicago, Nick McCall has one rule: never get personal. This "date" with Jordan Rhodes is merely an assignment— one they're both determined to pull off even if they can't be together for five minutes before the sarcasm and sparks begin to fly. But when Nick's investigation is compromised, he and Jordan have no choice but to pretend they're a couple, and what starts out as a simple
But we seem to have a Conservative Party which is seeking to impose a relativist orthodoxy and secular 'equality' upon us all. In such a state, tolerance of difference is diminished, and liberties are lost. No longer will parents and schools be free to educate children in accordance with their worldview - placing God at the centre of the formative process, teaching morals and spiritual values, with purity outside of marriage (which is male and female) and fidelity within. For that framework is otiose; those definitions anachronistic; it has become a form of abuse.
Saturday the 25th of February saw the launch of South-African born, New Zealand-based, T G Ayer’s debut novel, Dead Radiance, the first book in the Valkyrie series. I “met” Tee online and we’ve been corresponding for a while, sharing stories of our respective writing journeys.
DISH TV INDIA LIMITED Outcome of meeting
"Having collaborated with him long ago on a couple of stories for The Dreaming, I was keen to do so again - and anyone who’s ever seen Steve’s work (on The Bojeffries Saga or The Milkman Murders, to name but two) already knows the reason why: he’s stunningly good.
Henry Charles Bukowski (1920 – 1994) was a German-American poet, novelist and short story writer. His writing was influenced by the social, cultural and economic ambience of his home city of Los Angeles. It is marked by an emphasis on the ordinary lives of poor Americans, the act of writing, alcohol, relationships with women and the drudgery of work. Bukowski wrote thousands of poems, hundreds of short stories and six novels, eventually having over 60 books in print. In 1986 Time called Bukowski a ‘laureate of American lowlife.’
REASONS TO STAY: Cruise is a little long in the tooth for his role. Nyqvist makes for a pretty bland villain.
I like both versions myself:
Last May, I had the joy (and admittedly, the flattery and somewhat shock) of being asked to be the “In the Kitchen With…” feature of Lehigh Valley Style magazine. A bunch of glossy pages of color photos of my food, and an interview and recipes printed. It was humbling, joyful and a lesson in believing that what we do is valuable.
Insofar as possible, I will use this space to update you on progress, and to report on the experience. Thanks for reading, and thanks for patronizing NABC.
Don't you know what causes that?
Copic Card Challenge
When Natalie comes to her senses, she has duct tape over her mouth. Brenda taunts her, then yanks the tape off so that Natalie can respond. Natalie calls her crazy, then asks Brenda why she murdered so many people. Brenda shows Natalie a slideshow, and explains her mad plan. *cue Scooby-Doo music*
I had meals ready at meal times.
No, not so much :( The texture is kinda icky!
When lovely woman stoops to folly and
3. Knead on a lightly floured surface for 5 minutes.
Buckthorn is invasive and crowds out indigenous plants (see the DNR fact sheet at: www.dnr.state.mn.us/invasives/terrestrialplants/woody/buckthorn/index.html ). We are fighting the good fight here at Dodge, with a massive Buckthorn eradication program (if you'd like to join in, stop by the Nature Center and ask for a weed wrench-- somebody will be happy to point you in the right direction).
Actor ,Vegan, website: VoiceYourself
Martha Stewart - Round the Edge Punch
Also don't be afraid to delegate. People like to help and participate. In the end, it is just as important that you have fun and enjoy yourself. I love this holiday, I love to cook for this holiday and I love that my family enjoys that.
From the press release:
If you do not like the hunt, do not go and watch, certainly do not go and throw sharp things in the path of the horses and lay booby traps for those doing the hunting. If it is not for you that is your perogative but it is a little selfish to take the view that if you do not like it, then no-one should be allowed to do it.
The J Dilla Foundation is a new charitable institution set up in Dilla's name that's been established to provide scholarships at the beginning of each Fall semester to inner city youth and fund the development of music curricula in those same schools.
Keaton digging in
Donovan smiled while she talked to reporters at the scene; the door handles of her Civic still black with fingerprinting dust from deputies gathering evidence.
oh how angry the deities became when
For all the hoopla over Rebecca Black's video for "Friday" I can say I have successfully avoided having watched it, although I feel like I have based on all the chatter that has besmirched the interwebs since it hit YouTube. And at this point it I doubt I ever will. After all, with all the stuff I've read about it, I feel like I don't have to see it.
A3. Smash The Strategic Hamlets (5:26)
Meanwhile, Mum recommended me to read the book 'Sweet Poison' and it's counterpart, 'The Sweet Poison Quit Plan' which she has read and has now cut sugar out of her diet. I was skeptical (and to a degree I still am) but I will be starting in a few days myself.
This may turnout to be only a one post blog. It may turnout to be my greatest work. It may turnout that no one ever reads it. And that is ok, because that is not why I write. I write because I know that my voice matters. I know that my words have power.
The share price has been on a steady decline for the last five years from about RM1 per share in early 2009.
Just then five new email messages popped in. All newsletters I don’t ever read or some sort of spam. I haven’t unsubscribed from any of this shit forever. The Buddha and I made eye contact (after I positioned him to face me at eye level). I said, “I know what you are thinking jolly man. I want a jelly donut too, but that isn’t important right now. I have to get rid of this fucking spam and extra email clutter. It is time to opt out!” The Buddha nodded at me. Or maybe I just dropped him and he rolled on my desk in a head-noddy way.
From the kitchen of One Perfect Bite...This cake will go down in family annuls as one that nearly rent years of marital bliss. It is a brown butter pound cake that is made with a copious amount of bourbon. It was made for a derby day party that we, in the end, could not attend, but for which I had committed a dessert. I decided to make this cake because it was unusual, mercifully easy to make, and its use of bourbon would connect it to Derby Day and the state of Kentucky. Now, before I go any further, I must tell you that I don't know a lot about hard liqueur. Bourbon is bourbon as far as I'm concerned, so, in the course of making this cake, I grabbed the first bottle I found in the pantry and went about my work. It turns out I grabbed a bottle of special "sippin' whiskey" that the Silver Fox keeps on hand for a friend who visits us sporadically. I was glibly pouring a cup and a half of something called Jefferson's Presidential Select into the cakes, when my beloved walked into the kitchen and did the guy version of nearly fainting. Apparently, I was using the champagne of bourbons in my pound cakes. Who knew? Were the cakes worth it? The brown butter gives the cake a unique richness and nutty flavor. The bourbon keeps it really moist and its flavor blends nicely with the butter. The cake lacks eye appeal, so, for the party, I decided to use it as a base for peach shortcake. It would also make a wonderful trifle, but I don't think it works as a stand alone dessert. If you decide to try this cake, make it a full 24 hours before you plan to serve it. The recipe makes way more syrup than is needed for one cake, so you can safely cut the quantities for the syrup in half. If you like the flavor of brown butter you will enjoy this cake. Here's the recipe.
Some will point to Israel’s inherent right to exist as a fulfillment of prophesy. Furthermore, they will contend that her establishment has been meticulously planned since the late 19th Century. Indeed, the Zionist dream of a Jewish Homeland advocated by Theodor Herzl and the consequent Balfour Declaration provided a sound template. Unfortunately, one key component of that template was neglected in implementation. Herzl insisted that Jewish State implementation called for harmonious acceptance and integration in the indigenous Palestinian population as a precondition to establishment. This did not happen. Nazi Germany’s treatment of Jews in the Holocaust caused unprecedented urgency, and accelerated the imposition of the Israeli State in a partitioned Palestine. Haste and a lack of local acceptance seemed timely and just to the Allied victors, i.e. a lesser evil. Also, the focus on great 20th Century fascist and socialist ideologies caused a marginalization of Palestinian (much less Islamic) discontent. Indeed, Zionists violently secured their interests against indigenous Palestinians and neighboring nations around 1948, both conventionally and unconventionally. In the end Herzl’s key precondition was far from met. It is even less so today, and the disenfranchised opponents may soon be nuclear armed.
. .well, essentially, it’s because when nature wraps up a mineral in one of her plants for us, it comes complete with all it’s co-factors – those things which help it to work and be effective in our body AND is recognized as a compatible substance. This is contrary to what one can buy in a bottle – an isolate of some kind, manufactured in a laboratory, and once in the body, is not recognized nor usable, and in fact is generally harmful and a burden for the body to have to expend resources to have to eliminate.
From there what did we do? We walked. And walked. And walked. We took our little feet to Chinatown where we had lunch and did some much needed shopping. Food and shopping cheers me right up and I forgot all about my aching feet. You can't really beat the deals in Chinatown.
"It's time you whites packed your
I will admit, I can't take credit for the design. I went on a web search for "craft desk tutorial" and came across a blog that gave instructions on how to make a desk. Quickly, I found a piece of paper and copied down everything on the blog, drawing a sketch of the desk and materials needed. Thank God I did, because the next day the blog was GONE!!! No trace of it! Below is a scanned copy of my sketch, but the website you see written on it (jannypie.com) does not exist anymore.
Juice of 1/2 a lemon
“Wait, wait… you have the beaver to cure my fever? Finally! Thank God you were out here to let me know what was available in your fine establishment. It wasn’t clear from that naked woman on the neon sign. Now, just so I’m clear, your establishment features both breasts and vaginae? Honey, you go ahead, I’ll catch up with you later.”
In addition to the Partnership for Peace, Mediterranean Dialogue and Istanbul Cooperation Initiative programs – in Europe and Asia, North Africa and the Middle East, and the Persian Gulf, respectively – NATO has a new category it calls partners across the globe, which as its name indicates has no geographical boundaries.
I like how they give you your agua fresca in a carafe to be shared by the table. I like how every taco has a perfectly browned and chewy tortilla underneath. I like how they have simple fare for the kiddies.
You may have a filing cabinet full of the dynamite that will blast your business into a brand new level of success this year. It’s a good reason to dust the cobwebs of the files that have been laying around and not doing their fair share for years.
Through the pages of the book Schultz shares his commitment to Starbucks as a company and the principles on which the company was built. As Starbucks grew and opened more and more stores, there was a drifting from those core principles. One of the first tough decisions Schultz has to make was to return as ceo (titles at Starbucks are purposely in lower case), which meant letting go of the current ceo. The subsequent chapters detail the tough decisions that were made to bring Starbuck back to not only solid financial standing, but also back to what the company was all about as it began.
p.s. I took these pictures at Hacienda Chichen where the Maya still practice their rituals………seemed appropriate for the topic somehow
Today, official customer watchdog Consumer Focus is calling on the Government to order a Competition Commission inquiry into the failure to pass on lower wholesale costs.
Trevor Kidd
Date: 2 May 2012
I looked at my watch. DAMN! (sometimes I HATE being a grown up!) I had to leave in 10 minutes to go to work. But I really didn't want to pass up this opportunity. I decided to call my boss. I usually start work at 2 but kids don't arrive until 2:30 so I could technically let my staff set up and show up just in time to receive kids and no harm would be done. My boss was really kind about it. She allowed me to stay. It wasn't much time, but it was better than none!
Click on any picture above to view it at proper size, in Flickr.
Then Gisli answered: “He must have said this because all feel it; but let us beware that it does not turn out true, for Gest says sooth about many things; and now methinks I see a plan by which we may well guard against it.”
i am happily married woman celebrating 26th birthday ~
and show some nudity.
Now consider the gazelle the lion stalked and leapt toward. Will he make a successful getaway if he goes in a straight line? No, that’s the lion’s version of success. Our gazelle bolts off then zigs and zags forcing the lion to make as many turns as possible. Success to the gazelle definitely looks like the second picture.
It’s weird isn’t it.
Two sponges of distinct styling (that have been demoted from kitchen use): one for the toilet, the other for everything elseComet (what's wrong with good ole Comet?)scrubbing bubbles--type spray for the accursed shower Mildew spray for the accursed showerToilet brush Windex (store brand, natch) Paper towels and rags for the mirror If you are saddled with a shower door, get a squeegee. Never mind sprays -- you need to wipe that water off with a rubber tool. Rubber gloves that don't have holes in them -- treat yourself to a new pairA basin to contain it all neatly under the sink. A pitcher for rinsing dogs and tubs.Clean towels and washcloths.
So many memories.
Rudchester is 7.5 miles from Haltonchesters and is 1.8ha (4.5 acres) in size and excavation found that the fort was built over the Wall ditch. The unit which the Notitia tells us was in garrison in the 4th century, the cohors I Frisiavonum, was probably there in the 3rd century as well, but the earliest occupants are unknown.
Dog: I know you’re hot, but I need to spread out on the entire couch with my head in your lap. See, isn’t this comfortable? You moved slightly – are we going for a walk? Are we walking? Are we going outside? I might need to pee.
with visions of dinosaurs stomping in his head.
My original intention in reading it was to find something that might help me with my anxiety though, and on that front, there wasn't much that I didn't already know or hadn't already tried. She did inspire me with her many little anecdotes about using visualization to actually bring about changes in the body. For example, she talked about visualizing her pituitary gland releasing endorphins and how as a result of doing this, she could actually feel the endorphins being released and traveling all over her body, lifting her mood. I am a super skeptical person, and my thoughts immediately went to "maybe she just imagined this happening." But does that even make sense, saying she only "imagined" an increase in happiness? She still felt happier either way, which is the whole point. Goal achieved.
Midweek two friends came over after I got off work. We drank a couple beers and talked for hours, mostly about love, relationships, and sex. These were three overlapping topics until a year ago I refused to touch. I had been uncomfortable in my own sexuality and was ashamed of my attraction to men. Now was a different time. Our conversation was especially useful, as I was going stir crazy over the black out in texting between me and Fang. I was completely over reading into it. Rationally, I knew I had no control over how he felt, but still I had no control over my emotions. I felt like I was on a roller coaster. At one moment I had myself convinced he still was interested in me, and the next I felt it was all over.
It is not even visible at first glance
We don’t go to the same office or factory every day. We’ve got different gigs in different places. We rarely see each other; like ships that pass in the night. But we know who’s out there and what they’re doing. And, when one person dies, it’s like we’ve all… it comes close… it’s like a brother: you get used to not seeing someone but you know he’s out there, so it’s okay. But now you know his “ship” ain’t come bump into your ship… He’ll never… be around again.
Whisk two eggs, and 2 Tablespoons of melted and cooled unsalted butter. Add the eggnog and whisk, then add to the dry ingredients. Stir until just combined. NOTE: I don't overwork my pancake dough, because I don't want to build up the gluten in the flour. This makes pancakes lighter and fluffier. The batter will be fairly thick.
The colony itself seems to be doing all the right things, collecting nectar and pollen, and building lovely wax comb. In this photo, the bees have totally ignored the wax foundation we gave them as a guide, and are following their own instincts.
Have you noticed the nails on your deck, gutters, or baseboards looking old and rusty? Are they slowly popping out of place and causing problems? Replacing these types of fasteners and fixing is needed every so often.
I've also made up my own spreadsheets based on what works best for me and my shopping needs. I divided it up into columns including, item, price match location, number of items to buy, sale price, coupon total, total, then retail price. It sounds confusing but I promise it's really not! Once you get the hang out jotting it all down you'll be more inclined to stick with your list and the impulse buys will reduce considerably. I also like keeping a list of all of the retail prices because it makes you feel like you're saving a heck of a lot more than just seeing what your subtotal with coupons is.
Peaches are Mr. Louisa's favorite fruit, next to strawberries. I'd probably have to go with raspberries, myself, but peaches are right up there. As for vegetables, it changes with the seasons. In summer? I can't get enough tomatoes. It's like my body is craving them! (And yeah, I know they're technically a fruit. But come on, do you really think of them that way when you slice them up with fresh mozzarella and basil and drizzle them with balsamic vinaigrette?)
Flaming Drums
This has been a long time coming,
Steven: Oh, that’s a valentine.
* Hungry * Nauseous * Light-headed * Faint
This rakish-looking chap sports a brown felt billycock titfer, like a bowler but more domed (less flat) and with a raised, curled over brim at the sides.
sometimes it does not-
You’re the Nile,
Open your ebook compiler and browse your file (html file you create in step 2) and follow the instruction in your ebook compiler until finish.
I can do all the things I normally do. I’m just depressed. If you’re going to movies, take me. I’ll sit there and be depressed and watch a movie. It’s a lot like having a wheelchair. I want to do everything I normally do, I just need some help doing it.
Dew drops hang from all the branches
One of the concerns I have today is that I think those of us who seek and follow after God can focus too much on “Jesus and me” and forget about “Jesus and we.” Yes, our faith is a personal commitment but, as I look back on those moments when my faith was truly deepened, most all of those moments have been in a corporate setting.
Every year I plant basil in our herb garden as we love to have fresh herbs for use in our cooking. And basil's one of the herbs we use the most.
By inference, Masing must hold that the Nazi majority were behaving perfectly reasonably when they exterminated minorities, such as disabled Germans, Jews, Slavs and Romany people.
You will all be aware of just how far this has come since this UN plan was put together by the Council on Foreign Relations.
The crowd held small placards emblazoned with U.S. and the Canadian flags and the words, "Working Families Standing Together. We are ONE!"
Women and men alike have an obligation to speak out on this topic, to tell women considering having implants that their bodies are just perfect the way they were created, to stop subjecting themselves to superfluous surgery in a desperate attempt to feel beautiful, sexy, loved or to obtain male or female attention or validation.
And to be more in connection with you. My hope with the new blog and website layouts, that we are in more of a conversation and that I can show you more of my world and studio. Thursdays are going to be my blog days (hold me to that will ya?). So nonetheless, there should always be something here on the blog every Thursday!
Stamp
Becoming a Book: “Thirty Thing Every Woman Should Have and Should Know by the Time She’s 30″
Chilli powder, ½ teaspoon
Homebirth: It's not for everyone but it was for us.
I hold my breath too long
We need to step back and figure out why what we did worked or didn’t work. I spend lots of time doing this. I rarely do things the same way over and over. I want to be the best. So I need to always be thinking and learning.
Everyday I promise myself that I’m only going to social network during set times each day, and write during the rest. Each day, I fail hopelessly. It’s a gift being able to communicate with friends, other writers and readers as easily as we can thanks to the internet, but sometimes it is a distraction that makes my writing targets much harder to achieve. Sadly, will power is not my strongest suit.
Reassured by doctors that he could still hear, I held the phone while the NZ relatives spoke to him.
Baby I'm Your Dog by Stomping Nick & His Blues Grenade
Bankrate.com’s weekly national survey aligned with trends seen in Freddie’s survey by also reporting declines and record low numbers.
15. Mangosuthu Buthelezi, politician and a Zulu prince (1928 - )
One can actually make ghee at home, if you need only some for baking, so that you need not buy one whole can of it. Take note that I started with 90gm, but was left with only 60gm after straining. 33% gone. So start with more to anticipate the loss.
“Romance is less a matter of whom you meet than of who you are.” Pg 59
Xypherous: Then you will have to fight your way out of this abyss alone.
What about following up? How much is too much?
This is a really nice dessert and 5 Weight Watchers Points/Plus based on 15 servings.
"I guess I didn't think much of it when I put it back into my ear to talk to the boss.
Red Velvet Cupcakes. Take two. Failure.
Brooklyn passed out after Austin made my car into a gas chamber.
Atheist: However it did.
Be blessed with a Wonderful Day :)
If these issues’ weren’t enough to deal with, no sooner do you set your tripod up on wet sand but it starts to sink, or, and this happened to me just the other day, a particularly devilish wave sneaks up while you are adjusting settings with the sole intention of testing the water tight integrity of the mighty Nikon…not funny, Poseidon . Then just as you are getting comfy with the ever-changing environment, you realise that settings are changing faster than the incoming tide and you require at least 5 more stops of filter to compensate for the sun frying your sensor.
and before you cast-on again,
Those in football should be aware that unacceptable abuse is not limited to issues of race or gender. In my view, a fucking cunt is a fucking cunt, male or female, black or white. It’s there choice to decide whether it is the insertion of the adjective deems it grossly unacceptable.
If I invite you to come over at 8 and you're there at 8:15... I'll be scrambling out of the shower, hair-in-towel, throwing the hors d'oeuvres into the oven and struggling to pour you a cocktail with one hand since the other is preventing indecent exposure. Arrive at 8:35, and you'll be greeted with a dazzling smile by a Donna Reid's chubbier, less talented (and definitely evil) twin.
Now, about this gay marriage issue:
-U2
Teddy & Train w NM $12.00
My term of service was extended thanks to Fidel Castro and Nikita Krushchev who thought it was a dandy idea to install missiles in Cuba. John F. Kennedy disagreed. I waited patiently while they all changed their underwear and I was ultimately allowed to go home.
Origin: Umeå
The news here is that he’s escaped, and, more importantly, he’s been taken in by Americans. This both makes sense, and doesn’t.
We are currently looking for some new design team members to join our team. We are a fairly basic fortnightly challenge blog, with no prizes or awards, just the fun of joining in with a challenge! If you feel you are able to commit to being on the team for a minimum of several months (however you are welcome to stay on as long as you wish!), submitting a piece of work every 2 weeks and visiting blogs and leaving comments on entries to the challenges, then please leave a comment below with a link to your blog.
I know that won’t make much sense if you haven’t watched The Office, but all you need to read is the part couched in between the absurdity and the vulgarity. It’s kind of like the High Priest making a statement and having no idea what it means, how true it is, or what the ramifications would be for the entire population of the earth (John 11:49-50). But there it is. He said it. The ridiculous and absurd Michael Scott: “The heart is smarter than the brain.” It’s easy to overlook the utter brilliance of this sentence because it is surrounded by typical Michael and because it is only found in the deleted scenes files. I can’t believe this paragraph didn’t make the cut.
It will take a process to really Grasp Equal Money. I find for myself Even after 3 years, I am still in the “learning what it is” stage. This is not a quick fix, thus to not expect to just automatically “get – it” it will take time. So lets get Crack’n
another guy just like Jose
I was so totally, utterly enamored by this film that it’s hard to know what else to write about it, maybe its time to let this beguilingly rapturous film speak/sing for itself (sans subtitles, sadly):
one for teens and one for adults--that will talk about this.
Nomination 3: Brewdog
When I first started my pet sitting business five years ago, Brian and MaryAnn McGunigle were one of my first clients. At the time, two of their Portuguese Water dogs, Noah and Edna, were the front runners while their third competitor, Webster, was retired.
He, who I know named Kim Junsu, just walks out from his house. He rubs his arms while shudder in cold. I look at the sky for nth time today. Sun doesn’t show itself since morning. It’s cloudy and drizzle begins to pour. Suddenly, the urge to hug that fragile body and make it warms come to me.
November 22, 2011
Serve with dollop of sour cream and/or croutons.
Because the heartache of burying a baby is beyond words.
I'm even more excited to have this well-fitted bodice because I have several similar patterns that I can check fit on with these pattern pieces (a'la a personal sloper).
And everyone feels that way in the beginning
It's a weekend for dreaming and scheming.
But he took so damn long she got started herself
The Orthodox Church–Preserving the Faith and Life of Christ’s Body from the time of the Apostles. Welcome Home!
But this part I did know: we read “The Nicene Creed” in Italian. I, for one, have the Apostles Creed memorized, and that creed always packs a punch with me. But the Nicene Creed is a little rusty, but I still love what it has to say:
Comfortable: You’ll want to wear comfortable shoes. Your clothing should be comfortable sitting at a desk, standing in front of the classroom, and doing any light manual labor required (erasing the chalkboard, moving chairs, etc.)
All was well until about 5 tonight, when we lit the fire and checked the radiators every few minutes for the next half hour - nothing. Something wasn't working. We decided to call the housekeeper, who in turn called the plumber. While we were waiting to hear back from them, the rumbling and banging started again. I took the Littlest Hobo outside, and Mr Traveller put the fire out. So now we sit here, slightly chilly, and wait for what tomorrow will bring. I really hope they can fix it - it's such a gorgeous house, I don't really want to move from it - we're supposed to be here another week and the Littlest Hobo is so much more settled with less moves. We're lucky that it's not too cold here yet - 18 or 19 in the day, 8 or 9 at night, but I think it might be too cold to manage the whole time without any heating.
A THOUGHT FROM PASTOR RICH – Ruth 3; Deut 25:5-10
The last week & weekend was so delightful I didn't want it to end.
7. When ingredients starts to boil with the fish, add some water according to how much soup you need. As a guide, Mak isah put in some water barely touching top of my fish cubes as I wanted the soup a bit thick.
”Offering others what you have to give.”
Likes his bath--when I put the warm rag on his belly he gets this "ahhh" smile on his face
I just finished reading Jerry Bridges book titled “Trusting God” and it occurred to me that we are lacking literature that deals with this most important subject matter. With tens of thousands of books published every year, why are there not more on trusting God? After all, isn’t that what the Christian life is all about? Instead, Christian publishers give us book after book dealing with “self-help” matters which only serve to keep our focus on the “self” and away from God. I guess you might call this a self-help book, but not of the same variety we have come to expect and that fill our bookstores. Bridges gives us self-help by way of self-surrender to God.
As observers of this blog will know, Odessablog tweets. A twitter feed is to the right of this page. It doesn’t tweet much, it doesn’t follow that many people or organisations and not that many people follow @Odessablogger. That said, those who do follow are academics, think-tanks, Ukrainian politicians, Ukrainian civil liberties groups, journalists from Ukraine, the UK, Germany and USA as well as diplomats past and present both UK, Ukrainian and from the EU.
addition of the word ‘means’ did nothing to diminish the precise structural character" of the claim limitation). The prosecution statement does not even suggest that structure in addition to holes is required.
Also I'm still recovering from something very traumatic that happened a couple of weeks ago: P switched us from Time Warner to DirecTV. I know. It's awful. I am the worst person in the world when it comes to change, or learning curves, or things not staying exactly the same forever and ever and ever. I do not like this DirecTV thing, I do not like having to learn it, I do not like how it keeps recording shows I don't want and not recording shows I do want and changing the channel all by itself when I'm watching something I want to watch. I think it might be possessed, or maybe I'm just stupid. I'm pretty much watching all of my TV online now, which I also do not like. Argh.
1 c milk (or water or soymilk for parve version)
Nancy posted another challenge on her blog - the "Free-Standing Pop-up Card" from Splitcoast Stampers. You can view the tutorial here.
The feaure I’ve written is based on my experiences of partying as a wheelchair user, it’s a light hearted take on some of the things that have happened on countless nights out in cities all over the world.
of this me, your cradle, creaking at my hips.
So, my mom is Peruvian. And it's how I know this recipe. And it is SO good!!! So EASY to make, and inexpensive. Great for parties - it's a unique dish and people love it!
I want to tell you all about my fuckin' deadly trip to New York that I'm not long back from, but it seems easier to get over this psychosis-inducing jetlag (which, this time round, featured me growling at carrots for quite a while in Fresh, before suffering an unprecedented level of fear of the teenage skangers in the chipper) and move past this headfuck of an election first. If you're still a little unsure as to which of the horrible parties to go for, this yoke is vaguely helpful. Turns out I'm almost a raging Shinner, 'cept that site omits to ask useful questions like "Are you mad into blowing shit up?" and "Do you hate yourself for being a Proddy?"
In addition, conservatives are individualistic. You either succeed or fail purely on your own merit and nothing else. If you’re not rich, it’s your own damn fault. You’re a loser. You failed. You screwed up. This is America, and anyone can be as rich or as successful as they want to be. If you haven’t reached your goals or achieved “success,” it’s because you blew it. You either didn’t try hard enough, or you screwed up. It’s all your fault.
You see, I think the only reason Morgan goes to the door with Jarod to deliver the eggs, is simply to race him back to the truck. It would be interesting to see how many hand print dents I have in the side of my truck.
Bacon
So, armed with Target gift card, we went shopping. Problem was: we couldn’t find anything half-decent. Well, maybe only HALF decent. There were plenty of toys that did plenty of things. The merchendise specialists seemed to think that this was a great selling point. The whole children’s area was beaming, honking, talking in the voices of Woody and Buzz Lightyear, roaring with Big Foot and screeching with oodles of transformer cars that turned to robots and said 80 pre-programmed sentences at the push of a button! So I’m thinking, your kid takes one of these home, and then sits around pressing a button all day? Really?
Office:(757) 809-7503 jodi@organizedwithclardy.com
On Thursday, I went to school for the day to teach. Before we left for China, Brian suggested that I go back and teach one day a week and he and Lydia would "hang out" together. They had a good day with only a few accidents. : ) They came to school at the end of the day to meet my class. Lydia LOVED the attention and my students thought she was sooooo cute. We had gotten bookmarks in China with each students' name and Lydia passed them out. The kids wanted to know "thank you" in Chinese and were saying that to her. She put on a show for them. It was really cute.
The good thing about this book is that I could just start reading without having read the previous books (this I of course did not know when I started.) Sure things are mentioned that happened before, yes I would like to read about these things as the book was interesting. But as it is now, it worked and I never felt a bit lost at all.
Renee Barrett-Arjune, 41, Irvington, N.J.
The quick snarky summary: Sarah dies, and Abraham makes a few last deals for the benefit of the family because he knows he can’t trust his wastrel son to do them. He gets a family burial plot and fixes the kid up with a wife, and figures that’s enough to get the dynasty through at least one generation. Just to see if he can’t maybe get a son who’s actually good at something, he remarries and has a few more kids, but ultimately decides Isaac’s the closest thing he’s got to an actual heir.
I am here, at Naropa, in this ludic, safe space. Where we are doing performances and installations and ritual cleansings. Where we are reading and speaking of violence, of the violence of a text and erasure. The way a violent text can erase you, how you can attempt to erase this violence through the process of inscription, through the process of speaking.
When your text arrives, my heart leaps. Adrenalin courses through my body. I have a text message. I must must must respond. Even thinking about response distracts my attention from the task at hand, often one I’m being paid to do and which affects other people’s health and safety.
My first step was to fire off an email to customer relations. I explained the situation about the computer crashing just one week after the service plan expired and it had died three times before. I told them that they should honor the service plan and take care of this for me because I was a longtime customer. In the last five years alone I’ve bought three computers, two TVs, a digital camera, a video camera, an iPod, a Zune and hundreds of CDs, video games and DVDs. I really didn’t expect to get any results from an email but I started there.
Grits remains amazed that Congress and federal prosecutors have focused on baseball players and track stars when the much more problematic use of steroids from a public policy perspective occurs among cops and federal security contractors. Such skewed priorities IMO stem from sheer geek envy of jocks (and likely also undue deference to the security apparatus). Politics has been aptly called "show business for ugly people," and politicians compete with celebrities for the scarce commodity of public attention. Neither members of Congress nor federal prosecutors will ever hurl a fastball like Roger Clemens nor run as fast as Marion Jones, so some insecure pols feel the need to take such public heroes down a notch to elevate their own (oft-sullied) class. Sure, the public policy concerns abut cops and security contractors buying and using steroids from the black market have much more critical implications for the public than whether Roger Clemens juiced at a time when there was no law or Major League Baseball regulation banning it. But investigating those far more serious issues wouldn't get everybody's picture in the paper, at least not as often or predictably as hounding a celebrity from the capitol to the courts on trumped up charges.
And I'll be a deputy chairman of a constituency association for the new party whenever anyone asks. And I won't resent a moment of spare time I give to it.
Localized itching
the balance of my time
6) Phone dates with Gatling Gun. About once every 2 months or so, GG and I have a marathan phone session that--except for the fact that we are divided by 2 states--resembles a night out on the back porch with one of your BFFs. We both knock back a few, have a few smokes, visit the bathroom a few times when the seal breaks (not interrupting our conversation, which is the sign of true friendship), laugh, cry, and remind each other of high school adventures that the other had forgotten or successfully repressed. As a matter of fact, we have one scheduled for tonight. Time for me to get the children in bed, and make a call.
religious Christianity, where they beg God for everything.
— Allman Brothers
I love fill ins. When I was a kid they were called skeleton puzzles. I don't know why they changed the name. They are just as satisfying as crosswords, but not as hard. ;-) There are 100 puzzles in the book, with the answers in the back should you get stumped.
Another year is about to be come an irretrievable part of the past, joining all other years in memory, in the imagination.
3. There are many similarities among all conditions related to this addictive process, whether if focus is chemical or behavioral. I agree, but again I believe that this definition is incomplete there are also critical differences among the different manifestation of the addictive process. In my opinion both the similarities and the differences need to be recognized in order for effective treatment and recovery plans can be developed and implemented.
Take it on the chin, roll with it and dust yourself down for some harsh revisions?
Ben: "No, John, you're not. You're still crippled by the memories of the man you used to be before you came to this Island. And you'll never be free, until you release the hold that your father has over you. Why do you think you brought him here?"
Ok final question now. What’s your favourite sight, sound, smell and feeling?
The job knows.
Nancy lives in the picturesque castle country of Aberdeenshire, Scotland, with her wonderful husband who now does all the cooking…the menu far more exciting than it used to be! Ancestry research; doing fun things with her family; and working in her large garden, where she tends spectacular weeds, take up her week-when not writing or reading.
One young woman in a new Lexus SUV tried to tell me that she had a baby in her back seat. I replied that that was nice, but she still couldn't cut in front of other people or cross my safety zone in violation of the law. She began to get upset and then turned on the tears, growing louder and acting more hysterically each time that I told her to drive straight ahead back onto the road. Maybe that crap works with her baby daddy or her mom, but it doesn't work with me. Finally her baby started to cry too, probably because she was crying and carrying on. Then she yelled: "You made my baby cry! I hope you're happy!"
Ink: VersaColor Ink Spot #34 Orchid
I don’t fully understand the reason why my attempt at adding a “TM” character resulted in char id of 8482 but I’m guessing Bitmap fonts via UIToolkit work with ASCII characters, hence the 0 – 255 range, while my computer used Unicode (which goes well beyond 0-255) when I typed “TM” into Hiero’s “Sample text” text box.
11And all the angels stood round about the throne, and about the elders and the four beasts, and fell before the throne on their faces, and worshipped God,
The clouds parted tonight and I was able to catch my first glimpse of the Moon here in the Southern Hemisphere.
Humility: An important attribute for leaders once they have reached the goal of being in office as confidence is required to command respect, but humility is the necessary counter-balance to earn it. Humility in a leader has been shown in business many times – for a seminal piece of work see here. How would you rate Clegg on a humility scale? If humility is modesty, lacking pretence, not believing that you are superior to others then I am not sure he comes across that well and perhaps he would benefit from this attribute.
than in the American schools I had gone to.
Me: Of course I don't. Who has the time? I'm too busy making myself happy and obviously spending futile hours trying to make you happy as well. Was Eeyore a role model for you as a child?
Do you think my face looks fuzzy?
Now onto my project ... well i like to be different . So instead of 2 cards , i have made one using both images .
Salad of duck confit, apples, figs, potatoes & toasted hazelnuts with blood-orange vinaigrette. The savory confit, salty hazelnuts & slightly tart dressing made for an excellent compliment to the rich & sweet Samichlaus.
He said the media had given a different impression about the MLAs to the people. “Is that what all MLAs do? If someone, knowingly or unknowingly does it, it’s fine to write about it for a day or two,’’ he said. He advised the media to use some restraint. “The speaker has constituted a committee to probe the incident. Even after this, the media seeks my reaction on the issue daily,’’ he fumed.
Nesties
* Thank you Bloomsbury for my review copy.
Bags – 44 slot bags are 550 to 750 SC and they actually show up on you character as backpacks. Interesting if you want that look. Standard bags are 50 SC for 16 slots to 150 SC for 24 slots. A 24 slot bag is 4 gold on the broker at the moment, so I would probably buy from the broker.
For my first post, I have a card for you.
These movies almost ALWAYS never focus on showing the depth and complexities of women and rarely show men in a more charming masculine CONTROLLED state. The woman is simply wooed by a man doing all these things for her (even before being in a relationship with her where that stuff really counts) and paints women as simple easily won creatures in that all a man has to do to win a woman over is do overly romantic gestures. NOT!
To which my husband answers back “No, I’m dying”…
However, Hutton also argues that Wicca’s origins go well beyond Gardener claiming that Gardener was influenced not only by Ancient Hinduism following his period of civil service in India, but also a diverse collection of sources including 17th and 18th century fraternal organizations, 19th century esoteric societies including the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn, the Ordo Templi Orientis and Freemasonry from whom he borrowed Wicca’s ritual structure, initiations, handshakes and passwords. The author makes clear that Gardener also derived inspiration and some practices from the Occultist Aleister Crowley and Romantic literary authors including Yeats, Frazer and Graves as well as the Back-To-Nature movement.
“Have pity on me,” unto him I cried,
"Dark Eyed Woman" by Spirit
So here’s the part where you veterans of Domestic Blissdom get to play. For the good of Cullen-obsessed teenage girls and millions of other romantically misguided everywhere, break out your secret guide book to ‘Love in the Real World,’ and start talking. Because blogging may be no substitute for group therapy led by a qualified and licensed professional, but I’m thinking it might be one hell of a good way to crowd-source answers to some of life’s pressing questions.
The film is an ambitious undertaking as multiple flashbacks and crosses are interwoven together, which eventually tease out this unconventional love story. Unfortunately, the link between the two plots feels rather tenuous and contrived. It means the viewer will have to suspend belief and ignore their gut feelings of confusion, as they have to sit back and wait as each layer is eventually revealed. Basically, it is a great idea that could have been executed in a better way, had some of the ambiguities been ironed out earlier on.
A stunningly beautiful and compelling story that captured my heart from the very beginning- While He Was Away will not only pull you into a wonderful love story; it will give you an even greater appreciation for the ones that you love! This is definitely a must-read for the summer :)
And so yesterday the weather and calendar cooperated to bring us a relatively free and clear Saturday. With him on the business end of the tiller, the kitchen garden was soon ready.
Release Date: 2nd February 2012
About 4 minutes later:
1 8.5 oz. package dry corn bread mix.
Yes, for the more frenzied fanboys his power source was still from Otherworld - a realm built up from the collective self-conscious of every Briton, in every alternative universe. But for those who wanted the quicker explanation 'Magic from Merlyn' would do. No more debates over 'Is he powered by his costume?' (The answer, incidentally, has always been no - it was only ever a very confusing, and ill-defined 'booster' at best) because now, more clear than all the other explanations, the power was simply within Brian himself.
Wow, ok so I admit I have seriously neglected this blog for way to long! Sorry to anyone who has been following or checking in for new pictures. Early this spring I had big run of babies, wrapped up my portfolio and just recently set up a new website...that sadly I'm not completely in love with. I just have to remember to keep things simple and in touch with my own style.
What a busy day we've had. Breakfast in bed with Mr W (luckily he sat on his Dad's side of the bed so the toast crumbs aren't on my side of the bed), followed by gifts. Then off to his Soccer match where we distributed 50 cupcakes to all the Mum's standing on the sidelines. I made them yesterday and 'employed' four of the siblings from a child in our (and another) team... I 'paid' them in cupcakes if they promised to say Happy Mother's Day to all the Mums as they went.
So this is my plea to you, my blog readers, writers of the future. Even though it might sound strange, when you're creating fantasy worlds you need to look at the real world first. The REAL world as it really is. Overcoming our own unconscious assumptions and prejudices is an ongoing process for all of us, and no one is going to get it right first time or probably all the time, even if they're truly making an effort. But the first step to changing the world of fiction so that it reflects everyone instead of just a tiny, privileged portion, is to think about it and realise that things DO need to change.
“While you’re at it,” she added, “take off that blasted top hat.”
I can see her sitting in her palatial mansion writing her column. I’m wondering if she lives in an exclusive gated community.
during the long midnights
We urge the citizens of Central Oklahoma County to support the Angel Tree program and be a part of providing a meaningful Christmas to as many as possible,” Major Francina Proctor said.
We've dubbed our trekking group Team Yeti and I've become quite close with everyone we're hiking with - especially the ladies. Charlie & Jenny are the mom and daughter team from England. We like to go through the Glamour they brought with them and pick out our favorite styles while describing what we look like 'in real life'. Sharon is the only other American in the group and works for herself as a physical therapist. One day after a long and steep downhill hike she worked her magic on my knees and I was fine for the rest of the trek. We all like to give her a hard time for the amount of vitamins she takes every morning. We're all having a good time together.
Same old bodies out in front,
"tired of being led by the nose by this population that is destroying us, destroying our country by imposing its acts."
Here is how the Eagle described the culmination of the fire:
This Thursday April 12th 2012
and whatever a sun will always sing is you
Making new friends not only gives us perspective and teaches us valuable lessons about life and the world around us, it also teaches us a lot about ourselves. It helps us discover who we want to be and who we want to be around. It helps us test the boundaries and find new tastes and preferences. Ultimately, making friends and meeting new people helps us find ourselves. What other network can claim to do the same for its users?
I am thoroughly depleted by the bickering, contradictory Sopranos and their spiteful, worshiping errand boys so we won't even go there this week. There are other more helpful and compassionate places to be.
1/2 cup popping corn
I chug my mug of tea in the hopes that the surge of caffeine will prevent me from crawling back underneath the covers. But the caffeine barely makes a dent in my feeling of exhaustion, and the heated liquid is having an unexpected soporific effect on me, like I just drank warm milk. My husband’s urging to get my butt in gear is ultimately what gets me moving – he wants to get on the road before rush hour traffic has the chance to clog up our only means of escape off Long Island.
The current outdoors project entails the ‘finishing off ‘ around the patio at the bottom of the garden…. where the trampoline lived until a few weeks ago. The patio sits roundly in front of a beech hedge, and there was an awkward corner of grass between the two which needed cutting. I wanted a box hedge around the back edge of the circle, but knew it would be battered by the lawn mower, so ….it has grass no more.
(My apologies to the designer/photographer of this lovely vignette.)
So in no particular order…
Air France - It Feels Good To Be Around You (Memory Tapes remix)
If you have something already written that you’d like to submit, send it straight to me. If you simply know that you want to submit something, but don’t have it done yet and/or haven’t decided what you’re going to do, please send me an email letting me know that, so that I know you will be submitting something at some point!  Oh, and I will happily help with editing if you want me to, just ask. Otherwise, I will fix spelling mistakes and obvious grammatical mistakes (the same word repeated twice, for instance), but will touch nothing else without your permission. Send all submissions to: open.eyed.slave@gmail.com
I've always had a distaste for black-bordered cards for some reason.
And then, first come, first serve, which is why I always try to arrive early. Sift through the piles and begin to form your very own (pile). Make sure to keep a close eye on your finds, there are poachers!
The smell of the sun and fresh cut grass.
The blue squared effect is the PPs on top of the DP.
Here is my recipe, in all it’s estimated glory. Enjoy! And if you make it, please let me know how you liked it!!
McDormand was so determined to play Pettigrew that she stuck with the project through years of development. The producers saw many young actresses for the role of Delysia and found the right person with Amy Adams, impressed with her work in Junebug (2005) and Enchanted (2007). She really responded to Delysia and also jumped at the chance to work with McDormand, someone she greatly admired. The two actresses got on famously right from the first script reading and, according to Nalluri, “it set the whole tone of the film – and the style we shot it in.”
With that, my family left – went up to Northern LA and called me on August 28th to let me know they made it safely and they’d be watching the news just like me. Even though I hadn’t heard from all of my friends and all of my other family members, I knew the core was safe, so I could breathe kinda. Except that I didnt breathe. I watched CNN nonstop… never turning my TV off at home (or turning the channel), reading cnn.com on the train, and watching CNN on the TVs on Georgetown’s campus – I literally mean nonstop. It was not a good thing, but I couldn’t not watch it – I couldn’t not know what was going on. And for a brief moment it really looked like everything would be fine. The storm had miraculously turned and now wasn’t going to hit New Orleans dead on (another miracle!) and I remember thinking, “whew, that was a close one.” And then… while watching CNN, I saw everything fall apart in an instant.
According to the blurb on the back of the book,
In 2002 I continued with leafleting and canvassing throughout south east London and occasionally helping in other areas of the capital, but I spent a great deal of my time dealing with my career in education as well as national Queen’s Golden Jubilee projects.
Generally speaking, it’s a little cooler in Denmark than in Perth (5 hour drive to the North), and they get a bit more rain. As it turns out Perth was also cooler and rainier while we were away so I guess we didn’t really miss the heat.
Jeanie Kowalczyk!!!!! YAAAAAAAAAAAAY Jeanie!
The only thing we really missed out on my not having cable is that most all the college football bowl games were on ESPN. Roku has some sports channels, some of them have fees, and we have not really investigated them. I am sure they are the right option for some viewers.
The house I lived in being built had caused the catastrophic loss on ONE whole parking space for the church. The church that has its own car park, I might add.
Level 3: STR: +9, DEX: +9.
Words just cannot describe the feeling of seeing my OWN little girl amongst the sea of faces on the field! Definitely one of those "Oh my god, my girl is growing up so fast" moment. Ok.....I admit, I had to hold back tears when I handed Elyssa over to her teacher. ;)
“I know honey, I’m sorry,” The space heater whirred in the thick silence. Kathleen turned her head and rested it on Claire’s hand, painfully aware that this might be the last intimate touch she’d ever feel. Now her eyes were wet too, though she would never let Claire see her that way. “Remember to send Nate down for Jeopardy later. He beat me on the Final Jeopardy last night, can you believe that? He got every single one of the Revolutionary War questions right. I think we have a genius on our hands. Must take after me!”
Similarly the Qur’an warned (the believers) from committing sins (both in open and in secret) small sins or great sins… and He informed them that Allah’s Help does not descend upon the disobedient sinners:
As we neared summer and the final week our Groupon was valid my brother-in-law and I decided to attend our free-for-us introductory brewing class at Brewmaster’s Warehouse in Marietta. Having already brewed four whole batches of homebrew start to finish – straight from the box full of all the ingredients and explicit hand-holding instructions – I figured it would have little real value to me. But, momma gave it the ol’ redheaded in-law and I for Christmas and, us being from the South and it being necessary to live up to Mom’s expectations, we had to at least come down and give it a shot.
I really think everybody who wants to self-publish, unless you’re coming at the process with some solid experience (like, you were part of a creative writing program, or something of that nature – something that meant your writing was regularly and minutely critiqued), should blog before attempting to publish. And I mean, really blog. Like, for several months. And not on “safe” topics, either. But on topics that stretch your mind, and force you to look hard for ways to express yourself.
* As mentioned above, Coping with Chloe, deals with several difficult issues. How important do you think it is for children to read books that deal with issues such as bereavement, broken homes etc? Do you think it helps the reader know that they’re not alone, perhaps even empowers them in living their own lives?
I can't believe how this year is flying by, once again it is getting closer to Christmas and I haven't booked a single Christmas fair. I really do need to get a bit more organised for next year and at least do a couple. I don't know but I'm not sure if the Fair thing is for me, but I do need to get my work in front of a bigger audience. Folksy has gone a bit quiet, but then again I can't expect miracles as it's ages since I have put anything new in my shop.
Gordon couldn’t save us, he was a patsy, a fall-guy, a way to placate the fretful, the wary and more especially finance, Gordon understood that I think, understood that his comprehension of the various machinations of finance was a plus and so into office he was permitted. He seems a decent enough guy, if you take away the politics, the garbage, he seems to love his children, his wife and unless it is all spin that is no bad thing, but he had no easy manner, no ready smile, no oration skills, no way to win the masses and indeed even that was not enough, the kind of individual described above toured upon the American speaking circuit or sought ever greater power in the middle-east, putting their easy manner to work robbing a homeland and aiding in the killing of another indigenous people, that individual had walked when told to do so, when the going was good, yet the smile was ever fake.
Emotions can influence bad choices. Teens do things to stay in favour of the people they think matter. And to align themselves with the things that they think matter.
This site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of environmental, political, human rights, economic, democracy, scientific, and social justice issues, etc. We believe this constitutes a ‘fair use’ of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.
I’m in the process of getting a banner printed up to hang above the stall to attract attention. Ami, with her brightly coloured hair, piercings and back piece that runs from her neck to her derriere was an ideal choice.
Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott asked the U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals today to throw out the stay issued by a federal judge in Texarkana, a spokeswoman for Abbott said.
The warehouses on Trent Lane were constructed of reinforced concrete and at the time they were proudly considered by the corporation to be among the best in the UK. With a total of 9 floors for loading and discharging materials such as timber, metal, chemicals and manufactured goods. These would be carried by barge to and from Hull, where any international trade could then be transferred onto ships. The 1937 Nottingham handbook proudly states that during the previous year over 230,000 tons had been carried on the Trent and that Nottingham had successfully created a major inland port, boasting "from Nottingham to the sea". Although this is somewhat less than the two or three million tons carried by an international port such as Hull, it is still quite an achievement for a landlocked city.
Previous entries in The Dictionary of Fictional Techniques:
…7….8…..9…….10 Exclaims Joshua, and off he goes looking for Owen.
Charlotte, North Carolina
Luke reached in his pocket and gently laid something on the soft, white cloth covering the coffin. Even those in the back who couldn’t see, knew what Luke had done. When he pulled his hand back, he left behind the small velvet box that held a diamond ring. In that moment, Mara’s heart caved in and she lost the only piece of sanity she had been holding on to.
Did moving from the East to West Coast change your approach to dressing?
Did some Yelp.com research and got my Rough Guide in hand and decided to go to some recommended places to eat and look around. On Friday, I went to one of the places that is in every guidebook, on every website and recommended by everyone, Yonah Schimmel’s Knish Bakery. What a great place, hasn’t been renovated since the 70′s, black and white TV’s, fans everywhere, old furniture, declarations of eternal love for the knishes on the wall, but most of all, amazing food!
she rests her head on the bowl -
I really must try harder to blog more than once a month..... but April wasn't really a time for sitting at the computer; it was much more suited for walking, cycling, gardening, sunbathing and barbecues :-)
Stay tuned to The Knight’s Lance for additional information. But until then, enjoy the following sneak peek.
"Yes, but only when I know Rissad is beyond their reach." He couldn't help glancing over his shoulder. "It's our job to protect him."
I am reminded of Noah. For 120 years he and his sons laboured in building the ark on dry ground. For 120 years he preached as we see in Hebrews 11:7. “Noah, being warned of God…prepared an ark…by the which he condemned the world.”
“Studies suggest that overweight children who are teased about their appearance are more likely to binge-eat or use unhealthy weight-control practices, and weight-based victimization has been correlated with lower levels of physical activity. Not surprisingly, stigmatization of obese individuals, particularly adolescents, poses risks to their psychological health.”
In the end, however, I concluded that the research concerned really told us nothing at all about anything because it was not based on any kind of representative sampling. Solomon, Greenberg & Pyszczynski obviously disagree with me on that, however, so I have found another study based on their kind of "sampling" that should interest them. A study by Shariff & Norenzayan also looked at the effect of "priming" people's perceptions. Where the Solomon, Greenberg & Pyszczynski research showed that priming people to think about death caused them to become more conservative, however, the Shariff et al. research showed that priming people to think about God caused them to become more altruistic and kinder towards others! It tends to show that Christians are nicer people, in other words. I wonder what Pyszczynski and friends think about that? One thing they CANNOT consistently do is dismiss the finding on the grounds of unrepresentative sampling!
I don’t think any of this is news to anyone. Most of us, from birth to adulthood, are seeking out that better half – the person who will make us feel supported and whole.
In new research she describes a Northern Europe that, as a result of a changing climate, will be attractive enough to entice skilled migrants to choose locations such as France, Germany, England, and Northern Italy over the heat sinks and increased flooding that is predicted to occur in Asia. These migrants include refugees moving out of environmentally challenged areas, as well as skilled workers leaving developing countries–such as those in an increasingly warm and flooding Asia–who are looking for a profitable place to set up a new home. And that increase in skilled workers could be enough to save the flagging economies of Northern Europe.
Of course Hollywood has to get a piece of the action by buying up the movie rights to 50 Shades of Vomit. Not only is E.L. James a horrible writer, she also received 5 million dollars for the movie rights alone. No talent wench. I’m not bitter though, I promise. My question is, how is prude Hollywood going to make this into a marketable film? Sure, things may seem all loosey goosey, but there’s still the ratings system to think about. Didn’t Hollywood get all in a tizzy over 1 sex scene in Blue Valentine and threatened to slap it with a NC-17 rating? How in the hell are they going to stay true to the material of 50 Shades and not make it a straight up porn? Pretty dude from Lost and Twilight the CW series as well as some blonde guy from True Blood have already made it public that they want the role. Fellas, I get that there’s a lot at stake here money wise but do you think casting directors can ever really look at you the same way if you’ve starred as Christian Grey, the Dominant with a red room of pain and a crack whore mother, who makes such idiotic statements as “You taste mighty fine, Ms. Steele”? The answer is no, no they can’t. It could put those careers in serious jeopardy. You think people see R. Patz as anything but a sparkly vampire with a bad American accent? I know I don’t. Below are my picks for the movie cast:
I set Seja down on the floor with some kix cereal. I knew that they would end up all over the floor and yet I let her do it. She did pick about half of them back up, the other half the dog came in and ate.
