This is all backstory.
her lips
On September 16, George Parks, 57, died en route to Michigan with the band – on a long shot “pinnacle” performance he somehow made happen at the 110,000-seat Big House at University of Michigan in Ann Arbor – like he made everything happen for all his years at the helm. George and the band had stopped in Ohio to give a performance and to sleep, and George saw them through the show, led them in his favorite, “My Way” (whose lyrics include: “And now, the end is near, and so I face the final curtain…”).Then he stepped down from the stage and collapsed of a heart attack.
And here is our new purchase!! We got it this weekend and it was delivered today!! Courtney at Mattress Firm, at 71st & Mingo, was wonderful, and we are so excited to sleep in our new Serta iComfort bed tonight!! With our purchase, we also got to choose two pillows, for free, and we got the Tempurpedic Cloud. Thankfully Mike was there to keep me grounded and stay in our price point, I'm so proud of him for doing that too, because I know I wouldn't have had buyers remorse with what I wanted to get, but it would put a HUGE dent in the finances. Way to go Mikey!
And through it all I have become bitchy. Yes, it’s true and was so confirmed by my oldest daughter yesterday when she said, “Mom, you are always bitching.” What a gracious way of letting me know that. It really hurt my feelings. I’m not angry with her, but I think there probably could have been a much nicer way of saying that other than “you are ALWAYS bitching.” It’s that ALWAYS word that bothers me the most. ALWAYS. I really kind of hate that word. It doesn’t stand true for many things although people throw it around a lot. People aren’t ALWAYS happy, or angry, or sad, or bitchy. The grass is not ALWAYS greener on the other side. You are not ALWAYS tired, nor do you ALWAYS have too much to do. You get what I mean?
There is one distinct difference. Football is Americas favorite past time, so the QB, is always in the crosshairs of their supporters and critics alike. They are the faces of their franchises and the league itself.
Be sure that this walk will show you why our Zagora is so damned special !
bad bad girlfriend am I!
the whole evening through i drank cool water, a cocktail based on gin and blue curacao, with lemon, soda and sugar- it was like drinking a swimming pool, so fun!
www.suebarrow.com
The railings, which I’m told have been there ever since the school was built in 1952, are (or were) in a bad state and don’t do anything to enhance the area.
My left shoulder is also giving me occasional pain after a visit to an osteopath (not my own) who was going cheap in a Daily Telegraph offer. She poked and prodded the flat stretch between my left shoulder and neck, which was damaged when I was hit by a large truck while standing on the pavement in 1991 – or was it 1990?- I can’t be bothered to check – and it has been more painful since then.
BUT I love them so much it's the first time that I'll gladly repeat a design. Why? Because I think every earlobe on the planet needs a pair of these! So I did list them in my Etsy store as made to order.
While you’re at it, put on some of that music that you young ones like! I’m a bit partial to the Everly brothers, OK? Fixing a cat flap is thirsty work and I just cannot work without music!?”
Caller: Hey wait. I’m done talkin’ to you.
The tasting was a bit anticlimactic for me. I’m going to have to do some side by side tasting with another goat Brie, or a cow’s milk Brie to really figure this goat Brie thing out. I didn’t love it nor did I dislike it.
I must say I was tasked with creating something with words and no images, yikes was I stumped! I think I went around it in the wrong way and tried to create a card in my usual style with the sentiment and make it crafty chipboard, but I don't think it worked, would be interested in your thoughts.....
Back to math.
Is there a way for me to say "Bodoni" without giggling?
This is only my second semi-realistic portrait drawing, so I’m still learning how faces work (especially mouths). A little improvement each time is a good thing, methinks!
Anyway, here I am, lost in the supermarket (or wherever), so much choice, so little difference. Most products are invisible, they're so soon boring, unremarkable. I walk right past them without seeing them.
We literally messaged on the site over a good couple of weeks. This was my first experiment and I was wary of this. I chose this guy because to be brutally honest he looked a bit geeky. I thought, just get the first one out the way to stop the nerves, so geeky meant safe and I was only being sensible… Also, he worked at the BBC and let’s be honest, if I want to be in the Media, he could be a cheeky foot in the door? No? Okay that’s shallow…
I love fitness so much (hence my entire post on how much I love it) I just want to be really good at it and help others.
That, it seems, to me, the Taliban understand – and so do the Pakistanis and other regional players. It is something the colonial British understood, but not their successors or the Americans. While both play lip-service to a political solution, they do tend to treat the military activity as something different and distinct from the political process.
For the moment, I am feeling stuck within time. I've been doing some half-assed soul searching. Trying to figure where exactly I'd like to work, part-time for now, as I will be keeping my current job as long as possible.
Even Siggi tells me that he is a "multiphrenic," composed of six characters including "Helga the German lady, a Japanese Businessman, Sharkfin the drifter, and an American drag queen." "That's the real Mrs. Balthazar," he says to Björk, who seems to understand him perfectly. "Hehas to get them all into bed at the same time," she explains to me, sympathetically. "It's really very difficult for him."
Even the generally more staid Bill Kristol of the Weekly Standard sees only one conceivable precedent for ‘Forward’: Mao. Along with a picture of Obama appearing to bow to Chinese President Hu Jin Tao, Kristol wonders, “So if ‘Forward’ is the slogan for the Obama campaign, would ‘Cultural Revolution’ be the slogan for the second term?”
Anything by Diana Wynne Jones -- She is marvelous; she is brilliant. She also recently died, so there won't be any more new books from her -- something my co-workers are tired of me bemoaning. Two of my favorites are Howl's Moving Castle and its companions and Dark Lord of Derkholm and its companion.
but I've just found an awful worm in one of them, how disgusting! So.. just welcome, and please,
New Glarus Brewing Company Totally Naked
I looked at the top five rated American Strong Ales on Beer Advocate and their ABV:
Total Fat - 8g
The next day I had to return to London to interview Michael Cunningham in the Purcell Room at 4pm. The gods were against me; vandalism on the line meant all trains to London from Leeds were cancelled. A saintly man at Harrogate station reorganised my train times. 'I'm on stage at the South Bank in front of hundreds of people!' I said, self-importantly. 'Are you a comedian?' he asked, which made me laugh.
We bought 13 items – 48 if you count each separate deodorant – for a total estimated value of $478.72, leading to a profit of $427.97.
Your mind can only entertain one thought at a time. We as humans do not have the mental capability to think about more than one thing at a time. Pay attention to which thoughts you give energy to. I suggest that you only entertain and give mental energy to thoughts that make you feel joyous and happy. Rather than thoughts that make you worry, have fear, and doubt yourself.
Not by SMS, FB chat/PM/wall post, tweet, email…you get the point.
Trying a New Look
“What we have here is a series of ‘We can’t wait’ actions that the President has taken under his own authority that has seen real early success,” Donovan said. “And there’s now evidence in an enormous jump in refinancing as a result of the actions the president took last fall.”
In a time where leadership skills and training is constantly emphasized, I must remember that following Jesus Christ, the great Shepherd of the sheep, is absolutely crucial. On earth our best leaders are the ones that follow the perfect Shepherd.
Then again, this is a pretty darn cool site…
Cyrus Sanati – CNN Money/Fortune, 12/19/2011
- In order to get the bubble juice out you have to run pitchers of water through it. repeatedly.
“Hey, Smart Guy — coating your face with mayonnaise because you can’t find the insect repellent.” Or “Hey, Smart Guy — thinking you can toast marshmallows in your bedroom.” That type of thing.
Why then did he publish it anyway? Because he, like all other human beings, was a prideful sinner and wanted the credit to be all his when a young man in his field naïvely sent him a copy of a manuscript outlining Darwin's own thoughts and wanted Darwin's "expert" opinion as to the validity of his conclusions. The young man's name: Alfred Russell Wallace.
Greg has a problem with the air conditioning, because of that he’s constantly wearing hot clothes – therefor he has to hydrate a lot more.
How to sharpen and be sharpened.
8. DON’T FORGET ABOUT THE INSIDES.
Roasted Shrimp With Marjoram
1 lg. green pepper, cut into short, thin strips
Complaints aside, this is a pretty good product for the price, but they seriously gotta work on the practically and usage issues.
“Uh sure,” he said, both thrilled and frightened by the invitation. He closed and locked the door to the box. “I need to pick up my prescription at the drug store . . .”
I'm just saying, as much as I LOVE AND ADORE novel writing, I don't think I could, at this point in life, approach it professionally.
What I'm left wondering, is why do so many professions require licensing? If a person is really great at cutting hair, and performing all the services that a hair dresser does, what difference would a license provide? Most states license through the guise of "health and safety". Is hair cutting really for the health and safety of an individual? Is that a hold over from the history of barbering? Why is a profession relegated to aesthetics, controlled by health and safety? Despite the obvious reasons of disease prevention from the tools of the trade, it seems a bit overboard. Not only that, all schools in the area require a highschool diploma or a GED, as if somehow those things will make for a better cosmetologist. The benchmarks for those requirements have little to do with what makes for a passionate and talented hair dresser.
There are just two of the many stories of unpunished crimes, traumatised victims and devastated loved ones left behind. No parent should have to bury a child. No parent should have to worry about children taking drugs or getting involved with gangs.
We have five gloomy kids between us and now it is my turn to be happy and supportive. I am finding all the reasons they should move, because I know it is best for their family, and because they need to be together more.
Shabqadar lies on the border with Afghanistan, about 35km (22 miles) north-west of Peshawar, not far from the militant stronghold of Mohmand.
"The Boy's Own Paper achieved phenomenal success in fighting the dreadfuls by imitating their appearance, format and even typeset, to lure "blood and thunder" addicts, but substituted healthy, robust tales for the manufactured rubbish of sensational weeklies"(u).
rice-almond milk.
With self created organizations such as Mothers Against Predators and Beads for Needs, Levine shows a definite talent for benefiting children.
So come over and join in on the fun :o)
Goose
If you are interested in a kit for this project, email me and I will let you know how much it would be for the fabrics. The canvas would be a bit hard to post :)
Endings, in general, should pull the story arc together and bring it to a close. There are exceptions to this, of course - television shows left hanging, manga chapters with shocking revelations on the last page so that readers will be desperate to find out why and what the implications are in the next issue. It's a gimmick that's worked well for long-running serial works for ages.
The Internet is a strange place, and is making some huge changes to the political system. It's going to take ten years before we figure out what it is turning politics in to, but it's going to be one heck of an interesting ride.
In exchange for my willingness to loosen my grip on what no longer makes sense, I feel I'm being given a free weekend. What a blessing! With a big bow I say to the Mysterious Ones who arranged the timing of this: THANK YOU!
3) Refusal of Airlines
Judges merit a special note. Municipal traffic court, bankruptcy
She says she only discovered Gina and Pete weren’t her real parents when the official from Slough social services called on the family one afternoon in July 1980.
(I have mentioned this before, but would like to again. I sign off with "Blessings" for I pray that these are abundant in your life.
American-Polish cunt.
I have no idea what response to expect to this idea. I don't suppose I'll be inundated with people jumping up and down and saying 'Pick me!' but there might be more than one person who's interested. If this exchange of skills appeals to you, email me - info at debialper dot co dot uk - giving a bit of info about what you can do for me and what you would like in return.
The fact that He came, died, and rose again to give us new life… because He knew we were more than just matter.
An interesting story about Osama Bin Laden. If Gareth Porter is correct, he had effectively been pensioned off when he was killed by US Special Forces.
Friday, April 20 8:00 AM – 8:00 PM
2nd: He goes there to get his laundry done and drink
The blonde-haired heartthrob had gone through about 45 minutes of his two-hour scheduled performance when all of a sudden, in the middle of performing his hit single Somebody To Love, he began coughing lightly before choking for a bit, and continued singing in a deep, almost Darth Vader-like voice, much to the chagrin of the stunned audience. The music stopped as the crowd stood in silence, and Mr Bieber was quietly escorted backstage before organisers announced the end of the concert and ushered the audience out. Teenage girls were crying and wailing uncontrollably.
Battery for helicopter: 3.7V 120mAh/15C Li-Polymer
Somewhere in Manhattan, Jason Hare’s ears just perked up.
She stepped between the two boys and gave them both gentle kisses on their heads. First Roland and then Marley. Marley ate his slice carefully, making sure his mouth was closed whilst he chewed. Careful of his manners. Some things did not have veneers. Washington Heights certainly didn’t, the shit that you saw was the shit that you got. And this kindly old women standing at the kitchen sink, wiping dishes and softly singing to herself was no Ma Barker. Marley didn’t think she was stupid either. She had to know what her son did though he was sure she turned a blind eye to most of it. Maybe she held on to the memories of a younger and innocent Piper and covered them in plastic that protected them and her from the taint that her son had become.
I’m not going to harp on the idea that “Yes… sugar IS an addiction!” It felt like an addiction when I got started with it in the sense that I simply could not stop myself from eating it. That was all I needed to call it an addiction. But that is actually opposite of my point, because I think that the term “sugar-dependent” is actually more appropriate for what I’m going through.
Being that I'm still on a Valentine's Day binge (any excuse to be able to use a heart as I just loooove hearts) I made yet another one. This time time I succumbed to using the Verve "U" die. I figured a four card break was long enough LOL!
6. Bring to a boil, put a lid on the pot and turn the heat down to simmer
Immediate reaction # 10. Aha, it had to be a classic FBI entrapment case!
written by Dayak Sarawak, March 06, 2010
Call 212-226-7570 to reserve yourself a spot.
Starting next year, two semesters of Career and Tech Education (CTE) classes will be required in order to graduate, rather than two semesters of Computer Tech classes.
Difficult choice isn’t it? But I know which one I would choose, if I was sitting in a room with that ultimatum, a lifetime supply of money sitting on a desk and next to it, a chute for all my money and assets because I chose happiness over wealth.
So what have we been up to? We've been:
of war and the battle’s confusion,
The boys went back to the beach to play in the water and cover each other in mud. They set about making a beach hideout from the driftwood lying around. While I went to the Internet room to upload the Swoop video onto YouTube. It took me an hour, WordPress charge you a subscription for uploading videos so I opted for YouTube as the host and linked to it via Facebook.
So, Manchester United have won as many titles on their own as the rest of the Southern top-flight teams have won in total.
"Thank you for not drowning/stabbing/suffocating us for all those years
“Let the morning bring me word of Your unfailing love, for I have put my trust in You. Show me the way I should go, for to You I lift up my soul.” – Psalm 143:8
each other
May 3 (8 p.m. – 10 p.m. ET)
—from Enjoy Every Sandwich
You might be new here. So am I.
I started out trying to make them a coordinated "set" with the scraps and then realized I had not enough of the similar colors stamped and or die cut which is how the ones above this row look so different.
'I am absolutely horrified that someone would even think of putting vodka in their eye. It's self-abuse.
My approach in context of my expectation to others and my behavior in the meeting with my fellow being is based on this, not to act in a way or demand things, which I in return wouldn’t appreciate from the other person. And this is indeed Torah, as Hillel states, but it is also a very basic wisdom of life, which I believe that all should accept and strive for. True, I’m not perfect and I at times act in a way, which I wouldn’t appreciate very much myself, but not being perfect doesn’t mean that one shouldn’t strive to get better.
I do remember thinking while Naima was reading her essay- that this is the one I would have to worry about- that we'd all have to worry about not only because of what she wrote- but because of how well she wrote it- and how good and touching and funny and human it was- and if I did win that plaque I knew I'd probably hand it over to her anyway- well, not really- but still I'd know she really deserved it.
The USPTO anticipates that it will be some time before the litigation concerning the Claims and Continuations Final Rule is finally resolved. The USPTO is concerned that some applicants may be taking preparatory action anticipating the new requirements of 37 CFR 1.78(f)(1) and (2), as added by the Claims and Continuations Final Rule, due to the possibility that the injunction by the district court in Tafas will be removed. The purpose of this notice is to aid applicants who might otherwise feel the need to take such preparatory actions by identifying the applicability date of the provisions of 37 CFR 1.78(f) in the event that the injunction by the district court in Tafas is removed.
...may we have a 2011 filled with JOY that comes from knowing our place in the world, PEACE in knowing we don't have to control every situation, GOOD HEALTH that allows us to do things we have to do to make a positive difference in this world and of course to do the things that we love to do and OPPORTUNITY to spend quality time with the people that we want to!
I succumbed as always and bought some of their hand-dyed wensleydale and a huge ball of white wensleydale tops - yeh! should keep me busy!
We highlight the current and upcoming key health care legislation here and encourage e-CIMS readers to follow the progress of these very important bills and encourage their Senators and House Representatives to support them.
A Door in the Wall by Margeurite de Angeli
Saturday, 8/21/10
Maybe if I were a doctor, I wouldn’t be in the situation I find myself in now.
Add the cream, a little at the time, and boil until the caramel is dissolved.
I look forward to my sister’s return. I know she has lots to tell me about the last 2-and-a-half weeks. I enjoyed the word-a-day emails she sent and I’m grateful that she could spend that much time with my dear parents. I owe her.
310-312 Maharaj Road
Educated Minds Weigh In
Andi foster 6 k’s 3 bb 9 hits
After all, with everything these friends mean to us, why not let them know it?
“The judge, therefore, found our application to be based on speculation and hearsay,” added Mohd Harris.
SWITZERLAND
-When others pin our stuff over and over it’s basically free marketing.
05. V Is For Vengeance
Evie's Room:
Of course there are good and bad sides to that. Many will ask why MC can't just leave cask ale to people who care about it.
If I place even tomatoes, mayonnaise, and bread next to each other, they’re not going to make a sandwich in a zillion years. They’ll rot before then—and that’s another problem. Why didn’t the nonlife rot away before it became life? Only life can make offspring.
To do that, I have to indulge in some more of that do-it-yourself psychoanalysis. I have to admit my faults. It involves some wallowing… I guess that’s the right word. I have to go back and visit those hard places. I have to re-examine those times in my life where I went off my path - where I abandoned self in the name of peace or obligation or fear or laziness.
‘Good lord! Why are we still in the house then? We should rush down!,’ grandpa cried.
The last time was in Cologne, Germany, during Gamescom 2011. It put me out of action for the morning of the last full day of the video games convention and cut my already-short sleep cycle down to an indeterminate fraction. By the time I got into the Koelnmesse convention centre, the venue was packed to capacity – 60,000 people clogging the veins and arteries of the several huge halls, a teeming mass of stale sweat and messy nerds. The entrances were closed to all incoming visitors, and I snapped a quick photo for posterity, which then wound up on VG247. It was the only productive thing done that day, as we soon called it quits and went back to the hotel.
Heh. You're screwed now, aren't you fundies? Where would you be without, y'know, taking things into your own hands?
I give you my love without condition since I know your love for me is exactly the same. Held deep inside me never to come out or be touched.
More pictures, projects and stories to come this weekend.
The process of turning our kitchen into what it is now versus what it used to be has been a really good learning experience for us. Mostly, I’ve realized that I don’t need a huge kitchen like the ones we always see in the magazines. While I would have preferred for this kitchen to be more open, the number of drawers and cupboard space is just about perfect for us. I think I would get lost in a huge kitchen and not remember where everything is.
was blood involved and she didn’t want undue temptation from other customers
We acknowledge and bewail our manifold sins and wickednesses, which we from time to time most grievously have committed by thought, word, and deed, against thy Divine Majesty… The rememberance of them is grievous unto us; the burden of them is intolerable…
we have also had talks where we aren't sure if thats really what we want.
If 90% of the people who investigate the arts are ‘one and done’, that is a SERIOUS problem. It says that the art they check out just doesn’t meet the needs of their lives. It doesn’t make a lasting impression on them. How can this be? How can art be so ineffective at communicating its message, at communicating its value?
The idea of an International Women's Day first arose at the turn of the century, which in the industrialized world was a period of expansion and turbulence, booming population growth and radical ideologies. Following is a brief chronology of the most important events:
Around age 35, I got a healthy dose of perspective that made all the years I spent complaining about my breasts seem absurd. I started hearing a lot of stories about women my age falling victim to breast cancer – a fact that was both startling and scary. Cancer was no longer something that happened to mothers and grandmothers, it was happening to my peers. And once I became aware of it, the subject seemed to be on everyone’s lips. Famed breast cancer survivors like Christina Applegate and Melissa Etheridge were championing the cause, and pink ribbons were everywhere.
...and, lo and behold:
"No, it isn't," said Spielberg, then paused, frowned and added, "At least not consciously."
Katheryn
Brooklyn, NY 11241
And just for fun – I love this picture of Gary Oldman:
The Accessibility Institute is a research organization located on the UT Austin campus. This institute has focused on research of accessibility issues and offers training and consultation services to promote all aspects of Web and software accessibility for the university community. The initiative demonstrated and projects by the University of Texas served as a model to others nationally and across the globe, including The University of Wisconsin at Madison's Trace Center, as well as The University of Washington who called "A Promising Practice in Web Accessibility".
Now I'm an art instructor at the Creative Center.
Eileen Marsha Greenstein, 52, Morris Plains, N.J.
Before I know it, I’m home, opening the display cabinet in the bedroom.
If you're an American Thanksgiving celebrator, did you have a good one? We did! My brother is a fantastic cook and we had a yummy dinner, I went to a hockey game with my nephew, we went for a nice hike and then to the new Muppet Movie (sorry, I didn't think it was that great, but Noodle LOVED it.)
Don't be a hero unless you know for sure your rips are 320 or LOSSLESS.
Last month in this Civil War feature we presented excerpts from President Lincoln’s March 4, 1861, inaugural speech addressing the Secession of South Carolina and six other states. He further stated that he would not resort to violence to retain the wayward states. In early April, 1861, a mere four weeks after this speech, South Carolina placed Federal property, Fort Sumter, Charleston, South Carolina under siege. The following written communications – from the Commanding Officer of the South Carolina confederate forces, to and from the Commanding Officer of Fort Sumter – written in the extraordinarily formal and polite manner that was popular for such communications throughout the 18th through 19th centuries, offer little hint of the horrible conflict to come.
This is a story different from we ever seen, with a society highly female orientated, where males taking up the positions of the sexual whores that service the witch queens. Some of the characters even wear a Ring of Obedience around their private member to keep them in line. They are used for sexual pleasure
It was an awesome walk round but the highlight for me was definitely dioramas I didn't know existed still outside of some mid-90's White Dwarf, including my two all time faourites:
It is a day of family togetherness. Throughout the week, we don't always have a daily family meal together - the children and I eat together, of course, but my husband often comes home when the girls are already in bed. We have resorted to emailing each other, because often, it's difficult to squeeze in even a hurried phone call. Shabbat, on the other hand, means the luxury of Daddy and his girls being together all day long.
I've been busy at home too . . . trying to keep things together. You know how that is. When there is way too many things on your "to do" list and not enough hours in the day or energy in your body?
1.Have a designated driver/Taxi money- Before any legendary night begins make sure you have a person designated to bring you back home safely, and I know volunteers for that role are always scarce so make sure you have cash money for the taxi or be prepared to be stranded in an alley somewhere.
This was a 50 card lot, so the last scan only had five cards:
Alright, friends, I'm off to get ready for my hot date tonight! Eric and I are headed to dinner and a movie and I can't wait! OH! One more thing, I can't finish this post without giving a MAJOR shout out to my super smart and hard working hubs. He passed his boards this week! Which is a HUGE weight off of him, I've never seen him so anxious and nervous. But he did it! and I'm so proud and thankful!
I woke up to a sunny day on Saturday but decided to be lazy until I had to check out, since the rest of my trip would be super active. After finally checking out mid-afternoon, I checked out and grabbed a taxi to the hotel where I'd meet up with my tour group. Now I've taken many, many group tours over the years on several continents, and while they've all been great, it's always a toss up. Sometimes your group is a little off, sometimes the guide is overly quirky, and sometimes you end up paying extra for activities that really should have been included. I've been meaning to try a trip with G Adventures (formerly Gap Adventures) for several years, but timing never quite worked out. This time, luckily, it did, and I signed up for the Highlights of Jordan tour. It hit all the major sites and a few of the minor ones and was the perfect length of time, affordable, and with a smallish group.
Crate Paper Farmhouse Collection Chipboard Shapes
My Total Minutes: 280,851
Congratulations, Farmer Catherine, and Good Luck with the 2009 Season!
In case there is anyone actually reading this blog, outside of the 5 close friends and family that I know check in here periodically, allow me to introduce a bit of my personality to you. I am a woman driven by fear: fear of circumstances, fear of failing, fear of people, fear of man's opinions, fear of all the 'what if's' of this life...Fear.
on Baguette
Oh, I should have a new blog post and samples about a Mic Project that I am working on. I am building a custom microphone based on the AKG C12, it will have a Paluso CEK12 Capsule, a Classic RCA JAN – 4072a Tube, and CM-2480-Microphone output transformer. The Sennheiser will be the main studio microphone. Must point out that building it myself will shave thousands of the price tag of an original.
Lisann Z: Do you have some words of wisdom for other hot nerd girls?
I also made it clear though, that I wanted to know what I was getting into first, and that this offer was contingent upon a satisfactory review of corporate state of affairs and corporate records. Well, interestingly, this request seemed to scare Corbet, as he cancelled out of a planned conference call to discuss these matters, at the last minute. Then after further procrastination, his communication completely stopped. I can only wonder what he was thinking. How did he expect me to take over his company without access to corporate records? What exactly was it that he had to hide, I can only wonder?
Dad was saying goodbye to you the other morning as he was leaving for work and said in all seriousness, "when he was first born, I thought he was probably the cutest baby, but now I know there is no way there has ever been one as cute as he is. It's just not possible." It's true, you just couldn't be any cuter (yet you somewhere seem to get cuter and cuter everyday!)
Do they have found a good manner to bring their music worldwide? Probably.
Popular Science | Undersea Cables Could Be Used as an Early Tsunami Detection System: "Monstrous tsunami waves, like the one that killed over 200,000 people in the Indian Ocean in 2004, create an electric field as they form. This field could possibly be sensed by a network of underwater sensors."
Making 2009 its third year, AfrikaBurn stands for a cooperation of human kind, isolated in the desert and beautified with the key elements to what it means to have dignity, respect, creative juice and a peace of mind. Free of judgment and ridicule, AfrikaBurn gives one time to express themselves in a realm otherwise covered up by the ills of society.
My two years of novice-hood are almost up. I am about to be tested before officially becoming the Grim Reaper’s graduate. Different emotions roll inside me. If I pass, Grim will release the souls of my family, and I will be able to spend more time with them. If I don’t… well, let’s just hope I do.
We are a sensational team.
Start lists are up and it looks like there will be lots of stars stopping in Rome. We got to see Usain Bolt do his thing in Lausanne on Tuesday, tomorrow we get to see Tyson Gay as they head for what appears to be a Clash of the Titans battle in Berlin. Gay will be running the 100 meters for the second time this season where he'll be facing Olympic finalists Asafa Powell (JAM), Churandy Martina (AHO), Michael Frater (JAM), and Richard Thomas (TRI). Powell showed a glimpse of his previous form in Lausanne with a convincing win, he will be severely tested by Gay who in only two races this season has run 19.58 and 9.75w.
I am alive. Not unscathed.
Eight dollars! I frown, count feverishly on my fingers. If I sold four plates for a dollar, then 30 of them were worth seven-fifty. The cups and saucers – well, I didn’t think anyone would really be interested in them.
And a sack full of stones
Here, here to that! A man of convention says it, no wonder he’s one of our most forward thinkers of today!
At least half of the make-out experience is smell and feel. The smell of a woman is an enormous turn-on, something that we all know but seem to think pertains only to her juicy parts. I, for instance, love the smell and feel of a woman's neck. The right neck - attached to the right woman - is a thing of beauty. Necks have heavenly curves that no mathematical formula can describe, and if they're touched in the right way, moaning results.
How is Relay a Pain?
There are two little challenges bundled in to this card....
. . .there is something that it is like to be a bat.
now for the brats that seem determined to adopt me and my yard. Let's follow them, well maybe just the one since the others were harder to follow:
I was quite in need of a sugary pick-me-up, so I decided to open the present that most screamed "I contain chocolate" at me.
What if all the churches in America have left the field of battle, found a nice quiet comfy corner for themselves somewhere out of the way, laid down and fallen asleep?
a sheet of flexible polymer matrix comprising a first surface and an opposite second surface, and a carbon nanotube array comprising a plurality of carbon nanotube bundles embedded in the sheet of flexible polymer matrix,
He was a really good sleeper as a baby. For example we moved house once while he was asleep in his cot. I picked him up (he didn’t wake up) and held him in the removal truck and when we reached our destination I was able to put him back in his cot and he kept sleeping. Amazing!
Suicidal and Resigned
1023 ***D-IX/15/1988. “The Northwest Ordinance, Natural Right, and the Common Law.” Manesseh Cutler Lecture, Bicentenary of the First Court Session in the Northwest Territory. Washington County Courthouse, Marietta, Ohio. (Incorporated in Item B-10, above, pp. 69-79, 283-84 (1999).)
Phew I didn't mean to have a 2 week gap inbetween posts; life has been stressful and chaotic as of late but it has finally settled down. I have a backlog of photos yet again so I'll be jumping back and forth in time a little for the next few posts.
SUMMER BEACH: Elderly couple attacked by armed blacks.
As teenagers LGBT's are often the recipients of bullying. That name calling sometimes leads to violence. I know in my case it did. Sometimes the violence escalates. I was able to overcome it and so can you. During the course of my 12 miserable years in public education I was called many names, was beaten up, ostracized, pushed down a flight of stairs, held underwater, endured a gauntlet in the locker room with wet towels, had my locker broken into and vandalized and many other things. How I managed to get through it, sometimes is even beyond me. What I do know is that surviving it makes us stronger. I know I am stronger because of what I endured and you will be too.
Women have taken over the workplace, yet they still make less than their male counterparts.
with so little time left. Half the
Unfortunately, this is a bigger problem than the simplistic representations of bodies and nudity, it is in fact, I think, a social problem. As my mum once said after revisiting a quote from Marx, “Tv is the new opium of the people”.
As a consequence of all these reasons vintage has become more acceptable to wear and shop for, although I’m glad there’s no longer a stigma attached I must admit it has its downfalls. Vintage has quite simply become a trend itself, the pin up girl look is more popular than ever and I regularly see rockabilly fashion when I’m out and about. Its become a fashion buzzword along with “kitsch” and is used to sell a clothing collection, plus there’s a always a tiny amount of sadness when something you love so dearly becomes popular. It was almost like my little
competition has been created in order to
Hoping for a better night tonight (please). Thanks for reading, comments/RTs as ever welcomed Jx 😘
The police account is also based mostly on Zimmerman’s own words to officers after they arrived at the gated community February 26, but it is the most complete picture of his side of the shooting that has been released publicly.
Alright, let's do a semi-experiment by looking at stripes on me.
Cameron said he saw no point in an independent Enquiry.
Try and tell me of an old dream
Credits: ESA/NASA
I went all day not craving one or even wanting one. The only time I struggled was after dinner tonight, I wanted one really really bad. I had 2 pieces of butterscotch hard candies and then took my straw and "pretended" to smoke while yelling at myself that I DID NOT NEED TO SMOKE AND I WILL GET THROUGH THIS. I told my friend this, she laughed and joked that she would love to see it. Not sure if it was the lack of nicotine or what but I snapped a picture for her.
The latter shows the complete upsetting of someone’s apparently secure equilibrium – it’s a snapshot of that moment, just after you’ve fallen over (come on, we’ve all done it at some time or other), when you attempt to make out as though nothing at all has happened, when your face does that funny, contorted smile thing as you try to express absolute nonchalance: ‘What? Oh, that?… I meant to do that’. Your eyes betray you; your eyes say, ‘WTF just happened?!’
Chicken breasts
- white woodwork
Nor were there indicators to increase jobs for Malaysians, no new wage structure to help elevate the middle-income group and create a “high-income” society. Neither were there any clear indicators that money used in Budget 2011 was properly spent.
SIBERIAN OSSETRA – $150 / 1oz
and the secret of our infinite universe
Surrendering to the Spirit opens us up to a shift into the true nature of ourselves and this shift occurs differently for men and women. There was a recent study called “The Moment That Turns Your Values Upside Down”, which took an in-depth look at “The Quantum Moment”. A group of men and women were studied and surveyed about their life values, both before and after experiencing a Peak Experience or Quantum Moment. The entire group was followed over a lifetime and the findings show collectively:
I think that’s about it for now. I just wanted to get a couple of those written down.
As I have mentioned before, the Native Land Act of 1913 never referred to “Africans” and “Europeans”. It did not refer to Blacks and whites. It only referred to “Natives and other people”.
Choose Love
One glass of red drained and another on the go, my fingers are actually, perceptibly ITCHING to unsnap her bra. If I had suddenly found myself possessed of that boyish skill (unhooking with a it's practically single hand) I can't swear I would have abstained.
And to those of you who are stopping by for the first time, welcome! Wish I could pour each of you a cup of tea!
...on April 1st, 2009 while touching my breast as I was about to nurse my son I felt a bean-sized lump. I tried not to worry, thought maybe it was something breastfeeding related, but knew I needed to get it checked right away. My primary care doc is less than a mile from my house so I decided to just show up first thing and get a script for a mammogram. As I sat at my dining room table the next morning waiting for her office to open I continued to absentmindedly feel my breast. It was then I found the other two lumps. I looked at my husband with sudden clarity and said, “I’m screwed.” It took 26 more days to get the diagnosis of invasive ductal carcinoma.
“A Lady is cheerful and accommodating when dealing with the perpetrators of a third-rate burglary; but a Bourgeoise calls the police.”
Back to Peru and Siglo XXI (21st Century) where on this Tuesday in July it was time for dinner and Shaw’s observation was about to be on the menu. Having heard so much about one particular chicken place in our brief stay so far, we decided to order in from Pardo’s Chicken. From the get-go, I knew I was going to like this place. First off, the reputation of Peruvian chicken precedes itself as it has a big name and a following in the States. Secondly, any business named after one of my favorite announcers, Don Pardo, is aces in my book. (Yes, I have favorites announcers…the other two are Gary Owens and Johnny Olson.)
One reason people do not have powerful encounters with God has to do with this: We must give up precious things of life to encounter God’s presence. Jacob gave up everything for God, he was willing to surrender all his herds to Esau, he was willing to sacrifice his family, he offered to God the only thing he brought out of the Promise Land, which was his staff or his walking stick which is something he will need after his encounter with God. Only after giving it all to God did Jacob experience God’s presence. If you are going to encounter God, you must not let anything come between you and God. Here is the problem – we have our priorities all out of whack – we have our list of priorities as children, spouse, and immediate family, other family, friends, then God. What it needs to be is like this: God, spouse, children, immediate family, other family, and then friends. We put everything before God in life and make excuses like it is alright but we wonder why we do not have encounters with God or his power and presence in our lives. We wonder why everything falls apart all round us and we do not know where to turn. It is because we are not willing to give up the precious thing of life to encounter God’s presence which will ultimately lead to greater blessings than we could imagine. We could have so much if we just gave it all to Him – it is a paradox – we must give it all to God so that we can have more of it.
Thanks for stopping by and I hope you are having a great week!
For the Mascarpone Frosting-
A few weeks ago I went to Terra with Tiina and ended up having a bite to eat rather than just a cuppa.
If you've never used Skype at school, what do you think? Is my bad attitude justified, or should I look at this as the perfect opportunity to try something new?
NEW: Donor’s Rights? – 1,2,3,4,5
In addition to these preceding positions, which I found imminently reasonable and highly pragmatic, I noticed several other positions that contained great insights. My favorite was the importance that Romney placed on productivity, which requires innovation, which causes dislocation, which government should do more to ameliorate. I was also intrigued by Romney’s suggestion that entitlements should not be considered as mandatory or automatic. Because entitlements comprise such a large percentage of government expenditures, we will be able to achieve a balanced budget only by cutting entitlements.
1236. Meatball Sub from Wawa (Wayne, PA) @ Home – 9:36 p.m.
Then, there are the photos. Are you meant to delete the photos from the past? Yes, it’s all over and done with, but although this person might have hurt you, this is part of the past that has made you who you are today. At some point in time, this person was a big part of your life. In my case, I think if it was over for more than three months, it would be fine. Worse still are the photos you will see of your ex with the new person. Again I think this would depend on time. Three months is acceptable. If there was an overlap, it would probably be like rubbing salt to an open wound when you look at photos of parties that you can’t attend because your ex did and there are the photos of him or her with the new flame.
1 spend
This romance ebook video synopsis, is brought to you by Laura Meets Jeffrey, a brand new adult romance ebook featuring the love and romance exploits of Laura and Jeffrey during the fun loving ’70s. adult ebook .
“Malaysia already practises peace and harmony among religions, allowing it to develop as a country,” he said. He said a country could not develop without peace.
traffic, the citizens live in
Protein Powder Ideas
One of my favorite parts of Thanksgiving is this super easy cranberry sauce. If you have only ever had the stuff from the can, I urge you to give this a try. It will change your mind about cranberries! It lasts for a couple of weeks in the fridge and it is wonderful on sandwiches, crusty bread, even green beans.
I drove back to Bridgeport after we ate dinner
On Friday, Nova Scotia PC Leader Jamie Baillie called the suspension "heavy-handed."
Time will tell whether or not the electorate take this year's campaign by Labour seriously. I have not seen any of the leaflets in question, so I cannot comment on the veracity of the allegations.
1 suggestions
I am glad he is standing, though. Were it not for that, I would not have heard about temple garments. I have had other moments of shocked derision because the serious press is paying attention to Mormonism.
Here they are all sorted.
You zoom zoom heart like a rocket ho
“I volunteer because I want to give back and Lawrence Hall gives me that opportunity,” he says. “An orientation prepares us and training helps us determine situations where we can be helpful. There is opportunity for fundraising and developing leadership skills for future service.”
The only really objective and quantifiable measure of firearms "power", is kinetic energy; which is conventionally called "muzzle energy" in ballistics.
One need not support formal term limits to recognize the existence of informal ones, and the tightening polls in the Indiana Senate Republican primary suggest voters there may be starting to think Senator Richard Lugar has been in Washington long enough.
We will talk about the importance of this project with Davis, as well as get Lampkin’s take on how important it is for his generation to understand the impact of this story.
First, try to visualize nothing. No feelings, influences or distractions. Try to find that inner essence that is pure calm, joy and strength. It’s there, inside all of us. Get in touch with it.
Manly P. Hall, a 33rd Degree Freemason and prolific author, described in his pamphlet “Masonic Orders of Fraternity” an “Invisible Empire” that has been silently working for centuries towards social change. It periodically became visible throughout History, through different organizations who bore different names. According to him, these groups have a great yet silent impact on society, even transforming the educational system to form future generations.
Come visit this May for the first hand preview of our Autumn Winter 2012 / 2013!
The recent spat between the Philippines and China is just another example of how this one piece of water sprinkled with a few tiny islands is a catalyst for a whole world of problems. The oil and natural gas reserves, the fish, the importance of the Sea as a shipping lane from China, Taiwan, South Korea and Japan to Europe, and the multitude of claimants all come together to mean that this is probably an issue which will never be resolved in a way which is satisfactory for all concerned. However, I would like to propose a potential solution, albeit one which is highly unlikely to be accepted: completely demilitarise the South China Sea and turn it into a massive marine reserve so no one can fish or drill for oil there. Obviously this wouldn’t be the best marine reserve possible, as it would also be one of the busiest shipping lanes on the planet, but it would stop all those countries squabbling by simply removing the thing they are arguing about. An international (possibly UN) anti-pirate force could exist there to protect the ships and keep an eye on all the countries to make sure they honour the status of the Sea.
will take with me is the skill of brevity. Not because it is abundant,
Who hastens, too, to meet me there.
Perhaps karma works both ways.
3) The gift of quality time – probably one of the most cherished gifts you can give! You could go all out and arrange a weekend away in Januray, the prices will plunge and we could all use a little something to look forward to after all the festivities are over. A less expensive but equally as nice idea is purchasing tickets to a show or sporting event that you know your beloved will enjoy. And for all you cheapies out there how about taking your loved one for dinner at their favourite restaurant or arranging a picnic for two…
last night's book event was marvellous. Ivey, as you can see from the (terrible quality) photograph above, read a couple of passages from The Snow Child, answered questions (posed by Liz Roberts and the audience) with candour, and generally charmed. At one point she told us that every copy sold of her book brings her a little closer to getting a well (she currently has to haul water daily to fill a tank in the basement).
Greenville Tech has a Michelin building, for instance, paid for by Michelin to train the Michelin employees. This way, the EMPLOYEE must pay for their own training! Is that capitalist ingenuity or what? The tech college makes a profit and Michelin has a continuous stream of already-trained, job-ready applicants. You can get hired right out of school, just like Goldman Sachs hires kids right out of Harvard.
beneath flagrant fingers
Family members were asked to step out of the ICU unit while they withdrew the mechanical life support apparatus.
10 Second High Push Up Plank Hold or a Forearm Plank Hold. Followed by:
So took a double risk that day: not just the risk of failure but the risk of the penalties for abandoning my post on top of my earlier crimes of the day, but I knew that I was the only one who could turn the tide of a battle weighed unfairly against our favour. I vaulted the barrier behind me and dropped to ground level, making a break for the armoury the moment I’d finished my rolling landing. Ignorant of the protests I received on the way and as I chose my weapon of choice – a Zeus-class shock sniper, I’ll have you know – I raced back to my post and started to load up.
October 2, 2011 marks the first day of PBA’s 2011-2012 season. As a fan, I can say that I’m very much excited for this season. I can’t wait to see the teams compete against each other for basketball dominance, and on top of that, I am also excited for this season due to the following reasons:
We thank you for your confidence in our mission, your faith in the humans behind it and your belief in the transformational possibilities of United Classrooms. We thank you for deciding to commit your resources to a growing program that seeks to revolutionize the way that kids collaborate. It is difficult for us to express the value of every single donation.
I finished reading Holt's book on the train home from New York, and I remain impressed by her boldness in taking an old Agatha Christie formula and infusing it with tension and a thoroughly contemporary feel. The novel's dénouement may have just a touch of the anti-Americanism that makes some readers of Scandinavian crime fiction roll their eyes, but if it does, Holt's handing of the matter is nuanced and humane.
Mark Smithers – Mark is an educational technologist at a big university in a city that thinks it’s better than Sydney. In spite of this, I tend to agree with everything he says on his Learning and Educational Technology in Higher Education blog.
Today, Scott and I will go do something together while the kids are in school to celebrate the stroll in the park many years ago that led to our nuptials. We are still the best of friends. The 90′s grunge scene defines our dating days. Wherever we go, whatever we do today, you can bet one of three Chains CD’s will be crankin’ in the background.
7) Veiled Muslim women and revolutionary modesty Whether we’re wearing hajibs or jeans or baggy t-shirts or mini-skirts, are our clothes making us slaves to patriarchy and consumerism?
4. Alexis
Herman Behr was an industrial magnate (Herman Behr &. Co., manufacturers of abrasives); he was married to Grace Howell. They named their son Karl Howell Behr (born May 30, 1885). According to Encyclopedia-Titanica, Karl was admitted to the bar in 1910. He was also a well known tennis star -- Behr, with partner Beals C. Wright, was a runner-up in the 1907 Wimbledon men's doubles championship.
Paul Corrie – I was thrilled with the project that was selected for my “Top 20 Designers to Watch For” in March’s Traditional Home. The client is actually a dear friend of mine, which definitely led me to have reservations about working together…I don’t like to mix business with pleasure. The client, however, was very clear in what he a wanted, and as a result of our friendship, we had an extremely strong and open line of communication throughout the process. The result was an environment that he continues to say he could never have imagined, and I couldn’t be happier with the finished product.
Big, big thanks to Betty Jo for the gorgeous blog button. I'm such a huge fan of Liz's work and I was so excited when she agreed to create this year's button. You can pick it up over in my sidebar.
After approaching MI6 to work as an agent he quickly concluded two things: they weren’t paying very much and they were so disorganised they were likely to give him away.
The winner wrote:
Q: What have you read since the last weekly wrap-up?
The day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee, and findeth Philip, and saith unto him, Follow me. Now Philip was of Bethsaida, the city of Andrew and Peter. Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph. And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see. Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile! Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee. Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel. Jesus answered and said unto him, Because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou? thou shalt see greater things than these. And he saith unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Hereafter ye shall see heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of man.
"Five million."
I hope you’ll excuse me for not having much more to say. Oh, I’m fine and all that – nothing that a good trip to a tropical island wouldn’t cure – but sometimes . . . well, sometimes I haven’t got that much to say.
“Clint Eastwood plays Obe Wan Kanobe in a version of Star Wars set in 1920s rural America.”
You don’t need to live like this; Dental Implants could be the solution.
The Mobile Learning Revolution Blog
Exclusive Behind the Scenes Stuff!
The European Debt Crisis and Your Investments equips you to get ahead of what is yet to come. You get 11 chart-filled articles loaded with our insights into the European debt crisis — plus a special excerpt from Robert Prechter’s New York Times bestseller Conquer the Crash.
23. Being a lumberjack and being ok is difficult. My shoulders are up to my ears, my back cramps when I lay down at night, and it hurts to move once you sit down. I will either be rough, tough, and buff, or dead, very soon.
Displeased: Miranda Lambert took to her Twitter account to show her fury at the singer
Quote: “I was saying boo-urns.”
"But, but, I was just looking at the CAR!"
"...It was a house frequented by old men who could no longer use women as women: but Eguchi, on his third visit, knew that to sleep with such a girl was a fleeting consolation, the pursuit of a vanished happiness in being alive. And where there among them old men who secretly asked to sleep forever beside a girl who had been put to sleep? There seemed to be a sadness in a young girl's body that called up in an old man a longing for death.
7. Hubby and I met online long before it was "cool". So long before it was cool that my family still thinks it's weird - and some of them don't speak to me because I "married that guy from the internet". (Nevermind the fact that I dated said guy on and off for uh, ten years - including a year and a half of chatting before I'd even agree to meet him in "real life".)
The girls are downstairs in the studio getting wedding stuff together, I am taking a minute to sit down and collect myself.
I also got me a new gig!
Da spring has sprung, da grass has riz
* We offer many services that could give your Business that”Fresh” look your client’s are looking for!
Finally I managed to set aside some free time to give my hands a second try (first time was yars ago which was far from successful) on making snowskin mooncakes This time I was satisfied, both with the texture as well as the taste - for the skin as well as the filling - yummy yummy yummy..... yippee!! :)
That would have been the logical thing.
Here are the basic reasons why I do what I do:
We post all the cats and dogs who are in need of a loving home at these links:
Am someone worth dying for
The two pronged attack of copious eye bathing in breastmilk, and drops seems to be working ever so slowly. I think. Put it this way, it only took two swipes this morning to help him open his eyes, compared to several minute's worth. Big brother too now has red eye, but thankfully after just twenty four hours of boobie juice drops, his eyes look much better.
The final results are that 1.26mg of ammonia per liter has a LD50. That’s lethal dose 50%… or the level at which 50% of the fish will die. 199 mg/L of nitrate will do the same thing. That’s within a three day time frame.
This morning, I looked into the mirror with the sun shining just right and saw a throat that looked as bad as it felt. Now this has been going on a month with the start of a z-pac almost exactly a month ago with the assistance of an oral steroid and other meds for cough which lessened, but did not relieve my symptoms. Actually, I believed the throat was worse than when this escapade started a month ago. That being the case, and the original doc-in-a-box only assisted with tessalon pearls, I decided to try the other doc-in-a-box on the West side of town. I had been there previously (about 4 years ago) and had a good word from my boss. Well, the opening was normal for an office as they tried to verify that they would get paid for providing services. (What a novel concept for the libs in Washington) That done, I was weighed and taken to the exam room where a normal history of the symptoms was rehashed. The doctor came in after a short time and we had a bit of discussion about the possibilities as I had already received an antibiotic and steroids. The plan was to start with 2 weeks of another antibiotic, an injected steroid, if the cough didn’t settle in 3 days, I was to begin an acid reduction med (over the counter) for a week to see if acid reflux was the culprit. If all these measures didn’t provide relief, I was to return for a referral to an ENT for an endoscopy and a chest x-ray which we both admitted up front would show nothing. So the plan was set and the doc left the room. The nurse entered a few minutes later and announced my prescription had arrived and here it is. I looked and noted 14 tablets of an antibiotic for twice a day. Ummm. Excuse me, but this was supposed to be for 2 weeks. “Well, this is normal dosage.” (look) “I’ll go ask.” I hear the doc’s voice around the corner. “Oh, that’s right. It was supposed to be two weeks. I must have just let my hand do the normal writing.” (pause) The nurse returned. OK. I have the prescription here for the two weeks and here’s your instructions. If you are not better in a couple of weeks, come back in for a referral. “Umm. You forgot the PPI (antacid) in three days.”
1 tbsp brown sugar
what you are actually adding are all the primaries together in varying amounts.
Have a good weekend all - I shall be avoiding the ice and staying in with the rugby and a basket of body parts to turn into mini-raggies!
Nazarbayev is another potentate with international image problems, given the notorious cruelty and corruption of his 20 year regime.
With a heavy heart, I snuggled deeper into the softness of my pashmina and let the all encompassing heat of the afternoon sun envelop me in it's soft embrace until I fell silently asleep under the warmth of the cherry tree.
If you order 25 copies or more (of the same title), you will receive 5% off the total for that book.
Descrição: Network management is core to running a business, yet the tools that the IT PRO needs are too costly or not available from Microsoft. With Windows Server “8″, we change that with the introduction of IP Address Management (IPAM).
One of our case studies was child labour in Pakistan, and how eliminating it cost some 20,000 women (home workers) their jobs (monitoring in the home is tough!).
I frowned and started to ask another question but found myself slipping into sleep, had this all been a dream I wondered? Heaven, Sophie, the lake? It had all seemed so real. I felt a soft brush at my finger tips and I struggled to open my eyes, Thomas’ face appeared at my bedside, no longer the sweet little six year old I remembered, he was now a young man. He leaned forward to whisper in my ear and it was then that I could have sworn the same big blue eyes he’d always had, flashed red.
(Turk does a cheesy dance.)
Public Transportation is for everyone. In Brisbane, it's simply phenomenal, and I can get pretty much anywhere in the city on one pass that goes between ferry, train, or bus. It's so easy, and with gas being so expensive, it's ridiculous not to take advantage of the dedicated busway that cuts through the city just like a subway would.
Courtesy of two very simple technologies, an extension lead for my laptop and a blind to shade the screen from the sun I can now sit on my terrace overlooking the roofs of Menton and theMediterranean Sea and pound away to my heart’s content.
No, I don’t blame whites for their “moderation”, their indifference and their unwillingness to really grasp the nettle of transformation. It just that moderation was not for me. It was either/ or….
RATING: 2 out of 5
Hey guys!! Sorry I have been away not this past Friday but the Friday before Jackson was having a temper tantrum and threw a toy phone at our desk which knocked over my coffee and spilled all over our laptop!!! AHHH Someone save me from the terrible two's! Anyhow later that day it wouldn't turn on so a friend of ours knows his ways around computers and finally got it to work, but the keyboard and mouse don't work so we are using a usb keyboard and mouse until we can either find someone to fix it or just eventually buy a new laptop. I am so glad that it works though! I had good intentions to show you our Spring mantle this past Sunday, but we were working out back getting stuff out for the bulk trash pickup. My husband was snapping these big palm tree leaves in half and a peice broke off and went in to his leg, he could barely even walk so we headed to the ER. It actually went into to different spots in his leg one on the side of his knee and the other in the back of his calf, they were able to get the one on the side of the knee out pretty fast but the calf one wasn't so easy. They ended up having to do an ultrasound to see where it was at and then cut open his leg some to get it out! Here's a picture of what came out!
It’s the anti-Daytona Beach: There’s no strip of raucous bars, no chain hotels or restaurants, no high-rise condos, and no spring-break influx of college kids gone wild. (In fact, there’s no beach at all to lure them.) The island’s thousand or so inhabitants prefer a differently paced kind of tourist: older folks content to putter around the tiny town in a rented golf cart; young couples who know there’s seafood beyond Red Lobster and Busch Gardens isn’t a jungle adventure; dads who see paradise as one dock, one kid, and two fishing poles.
And this is why it was chosen by Nicole Murphy, head of In Fabula-Divinos:
Now I’ve always been the kind of person that doesn’t like to trepass but sometimes
One of my team has just resigned. She’s moving to live and work in London, with her boyfriend.
We walked the castle grounds a bit but pretty much made our way to the tower straight away. The weather was extremely changeable. As we arrived the sun was out and it was beautiful but by the time we got to the tower it had turned gray and begun to rain on and off. The rest of our day was pretty much this way, primarily gray and rainy with occasional clear patches. I know, rain in Ireland, shocking right?
I remember when she first discovered Elmo, for example. We had gone to church that morning and she was wearing a dress with a picture of Elmo on it. Naturally, people kept mentioning the word "Elmo" to her and at that point, she was absolutely clueless as to who that was and why people kept saying that to her. The confusion was written all over her face as she continuously repeated the word Elmo in the car wondering if this was an important word she was expected to know. Finally later that day, I handed her her Elmo doll and said, "Look Leila, this is Elmo." She looked at the doll, then to her shirt and it was like a light bulb went on in her head. I would later come to regret that discovery turned obsession.
The historical method involves three essential aspects: judgements of probability relating to all traditions, the employment of analogy requiring a similarity between past and present events, and the interaction of all phenomena in the history of civilization. Special pleading cannot be granted to religious tradition, and therefore, the “inward attitude” toward religious tradition is fundamentally altered. The employment of analogy allows for the probability of knowledge of past events, and use of analogy assumes a universality of historical events and humanity. Also, the historical method assumes that all historical events are “in permanent relationship of correlation.” Thus even unique and autonomous forces stand within the context of the totality of historical events. The difficulty arises when the historian attempts to understand and place a value judgement upon this totality. The study of Christianity then takes place within this totality and is best understood within a framework of a history of religion study.
If you would like to join us, please add GDT to your entry name when you play along with us this week :)
Kate also shared some of her favorite ways to enjoy pistou, and the one I tried for dinner this evening was poached eggs on a stale baguette drizzled with pistou. I confess to using my tiny Cuisinart instead of a mortar and pestle, but the result was excellent. Peasant fare, to be sure, but so, so delicious.
Gold leaf cuff bracelet: In Pink
Like China’s overall growth in percentage terms, India’s growth, too, is impressive. The proportion of Indians living below the poverty line has dropped from about 60 to 40 percent in two decades. But the story it tells is partial. The latest available World Bank data shows nearly half a billion Indians living below the international poverty line of 1.25 dollars per day, and their number is not falling. Half of the children are underweight and 45 percent under the age of three suffer from malnutrition.
Name a band/artist that has been around as long as Sparks that has not sold their soul, stopped evolving, gone through the motions, repeated a winning formula, taken themselves far too seriously, or released at least one crap album?
I cannot tell you how happy I am to finally be home. December has been treating me like I'm a social butterfly and dropping more festivities in my homebody lap than I know what to do with. I decided to come home straight from work instead of going to Church because I didn't think I could "turn it on" till 8:30. You know what I mean - all the smiling and talking. Oh I kid, I was just really tired.
I see that so many of my favourite bloggers already have this award. It would be quite difficult to find ten, so I’m going to just choose the first four that popped into my head.
We are all moved in to the new house, although we are not completely unpacked yet. Bug is still sleeping on a mattress on the floor, because we can’t find all of the screws that make her bed go together-- and yet, we have a few of them. You would think that whoever took the bed apart would have kept all the parts together.
“Empath is a term coming into common usage to refer to a person with expanded sensitivity or clairsentience… Feeling strongly what someone else feels. Picking up emotion and pain from violent movies, violence in the news, watching a violent act. Empath psychic ability to sense the emotions of others.”
Removed R1 – Installed Jumper in it’s place
Mrs. Joseph E. Rowe
There are lions and roaring tigers,
So, tired of being stuck in endless traffic jams along EDSA, Manila’s equivalent of Jalan Tun Razak and the Federal Highway rolled into one, I headed off.
I tried out various different inks
what I love about the special surprise is the miracle of you.
To find a cheap North Dakota you will benefit greatly by researching only massage therapy you might never find this single person. Go anywhere in the north dakota home school next to the north dakota home school of financing when you are dating in North America, look no further than North Dakota. But, with a day spent here.
(English) Hello!
I eventually got the stacks in order and then pulled out my appointment slip for today. I was scheduled for a 1pm appointment with endocrinology. I eventually went back to sleep until ten. At that time I was going to the living room and my dad called me. His photography “studio” is in a den area right between my room, the kitchen and the living room. So I have to get through there regardless. It sucks when you don’t know clients are over and your hair is a mess and you’re still in pajamas and get called over to do a business deal of all things.
Then we have the whole 21st century selling of choice as the new must-have buzzword. 'Choices' in health, in education etc etc that the government tries to persuade us is such progress. Whereas if you're ill, or looking for a school for your child, it's not choices you want. You want local services of a sufficiently good quality that you would have no need for alternatives.
512100 Motion picture & video industries (except video rental)
GRACE
On that note, my present is calling me, in the form of a baby awake from nap and a kiddo asking for lunch. Life calls. I'm off.
It’s not difficult to understand the disciples’ terror as someone suddenly appeared among them. The natural assumption would be that this was a ghost – something that Jesus soon demonstrated was false by eating some fish. That Jesus was alive once more obviously took some believing. We’re told that not only were those gathered frightened, they were also doubting. They were full of joy but also barely able to believe what they were seeing. You can almost imagine them pinching themselves to check they weren’t dreaming.
I was going to wait until this was a bit more functional, but while I use my iPhone a bit, time spent on an actual computer is a bit hard to come by in my life right now, so progress might be slow and I'm itching to move things along, soooo... if you are inclined to drop by, tinsenpup has a new virtual home now at tinsenpup.net.
More writerly? Learn French well enough to converse easily. Better? Fluently enough to translate contemporary poetry written in French.
Healthy rivalry, he confesses, is inevitable. “I want to play to bigger crowds and have more hits than Tinie Tempah. I’ve still got that competitive streak.”
she don’t do that dance no more, in between my toes
Honestly, there were days in the past 5 months when I wondered if I’d make it to the new year. I’ve never been more exhausted, used up, worn out, frustrated, or broken.
So far, it hasn't. In fact, his less than stellar handling of the situation might do more to damage his prospects than the initial allegations themselves. There is also the possiblity of another accuser stepping forward, but if her accusations are as flimsy and vague as the other three, it's more likely the public will take it with a boulder of salt, roll their eyes and move on. Don't get me wrong - if Cain has skeletons in his closet they must, by all means, be brought to light. It's called vetting. If the media had done half as good a job vetting candidate Obama, we'd be talking about running against incumbent President Rodham-Clinton today - you know, the one who wasn't hanging out with Ayers, Wright, and Rezko.
Read the full article here.
how it feels to be alive
KEYE 10 pm News, Monday through Sunday
The sun shines, the wind has calmed down and this afternoon we go to skate!!!!
Black ink
The IRS, of course, blames Congress. I don’t doubt that both Congress and the IRS are responsible
Just how terrible is BP’s legacy of pollution in the U.S.?
I have had some time scrapping (instead of wrapping and getting ready for xmas - again not in the mood). So I do have two pages to share today.
Undertaker makes Edge submit to the Hell’s Gate to win the World Heavyweight Championship at 23:51
So I query you. Out of curiosity. Out of a desire to learn and grow.
V”"V
And the winner is CALLY with her suggestion of A jug full of Spring!
Just say.... "Thank You"
Left ourselves to begin anew
What is necessary for salvation?
This starts out as a repeat of Shot 28, but then tilts up to focus on the two women standing, while still fighting to keep all of their eyes in the frame. These women are seeing what they want to see at this point. In the last minute and 15 seconds, Manny has only shown up on screen for 2 seconds, his narrative for the remainder of the movie being shaped by these three women.
Article 44
Named by Walter himself after a pub by the businesses' original site (The Saracen's Head) this foundry produced huge amounts of decorative and ornate iron work. Their catalogues were mighty, bound tomes and contained thousands of items of all description relating to ironwork and as they employed the most imaginative designers it's no surprise now that the finished ventilation pipe should be so ornate...Macfarlane's didn't do plain! There's a wealth of information on the company on the Scottish Ironworks site, including a gallery of some marvellous examples of surviving works. The foundry was a huge and inviting target for the Luftwaffe in the second world war and at the same time many examples of their work were lost in the drive to melt iron down for the war effort, but they produced so much and spread it so far around the globe that examples like the Carshalton stink-pipes ensure that the company may be gone, but are unlikely to be forgotten.
Jesus is Lord! Fried Pies 49 cents! Chilli is finally walking!
Gracious God, thank you for your kindness in giving Peter to us. We know that he is your creation, and as such, belongs to you first and foremost, so please help us always to be good stewards of this child and raise him in a manner that pleases you.
I was still really lagging as my ankle was now starting to act up, which is a previous injury I have had. My calf was definitely manageable and of no real concern at the moment when we encountered Shake n’ Bake. It was an obstacle where you jump into a pit of muddy water and then army crawl through a sand pit that had cargo nets over it. When we went through there were a lot of people around us so we were able to just duck through the long cargo net and not have to turn into a piece of breaded chicken. We got lucky.
This is what I am thinking about when I watch movies and television shows, now. All thanks to first hand knowledge of video editing. It really changes how you watch video.
Maybird. When I read this it scared the freak out of me! I sincerely adore it now.
My local real ale pub, The Three Judges, is a Maclay's pub but what makes the Judges a bit different from other Maclay's pubs is that they are given a bit more latitude and choice to decide what real ales occupy the eight pumps at the Judges given over to guest ales. These are usually sourced from Flyer and Firkin.
Don't worry, the gallon of coffee concentrate you end up with will make enough to last you for a month in the fridge!
During a prayer session once, a young man I had just met that evening gave me a prophetic word that he saw me as a beautiful flowering plant that had been uprooted from my pot. He said the pain I was feeling was from being in transition but that I could rest assured that God was holding onto me and that I would be planted again soon, outside in the garden.
Fortunately, it seems I'm not as much of a heel striker as I thought I was. I've been deliberately avoiding a heel strike for the past year or so but since I hadn't tested I wasn't sure whether I could keep it up.
200g (7 oz) soft goats cheese, crumbled
Last week’s post on Regency Marriages & Elopements, outlined the different ways one could get married during the Regency Era. So this week, we’re going to take a closer look at what happens when there wasn’t a Happily Ever After (HEA).
Football is a game in which two opposing teams of 11 players each defend goals at opposite ends of the field having goal posts at each end, with points being scored chiefly by carrying the ball across the opponent’s goal line and by place-kicking or drop-kicking the ball over the crossbar between the opponent’s goal posts.
Green: YG11, YG13, YG17 (Maybe a bit of y11 instead of YG11)
Leif Ove Andsnes Photo: Felix BroedeJust around the corner is the 2012 installment of the Ojai Music Festival that kicks off north of Los Angeles on June 7. This year’s festival is particularly exciting given that the rotating Music Director post falls to one of the classical music world’s great artists, Leif Ove Andsnes. He’s been a familiar face with the Los Angeles Philharmonic for years, but this visit to Ojai is different in that he’s helped assemble a program of works and collaborating artists that reflect his unique vision and highlight his own interests in 20th Century and more contemporary music. And while he’s no stranger to the ins and outs of festival programming, California and the outdoor stage of Ojai’s Libby Bowl are a unique setting with their own particular challenges. Andsnes has packed the four-day festival with numerous highlights from artist including Reinbert de Leeuw, the Norwegian Chamber Orchestra, clarinetist Martin Fröst, mezzo-soprano Christianne Stotijn, and most intriguingly fellow pianist Marc-André Hamelin.
Finally got around to stitching the buttons and I was done.
A sensible call for the bidders to focus on their own bids rather than the PR. However, as many consider there is no alternative to liquidation, then surely any bid, short of an offer far larger than either party is contemplating, can only be PR.
SAS Institute Inc. has developed the SAS System, an integrated set of programs which enables users to carry out data processing and analysis tasks, in particular statistical analysis. The core component of the SAS System is called Base SAS. It enables users to write and execute application programs (also known as ‘scripts’) written in the SAS programming language for data processing.
Emshwiller: What?
A friend of mine lent me Outlander at the end of summer 2005. I don't usually read books that others lend me because they're not my type, but this one sounded really promising - World War II era, Scotland, history, how could you go wrong? - yet I nearly stopped reading at the point where Claire Randall mentions how full the shops in Scotland were just a few months after the end of the war. I was worried that the rest of the book might have other such discrepancies. Ha! Never have I been so glad to be so wrong (Diana is a master at historical research and accuracy) and not since The Lord of the Rings have I been so excited to have a book enter my life.
I wish employers would realize that offering the work at home option is a win-win. Happy employees are much more valuable than the unhappy ones, and their productivity proves it. There's still a lot of resistance, but maybe if enough of us start putting it out there, they'll come to meet the demands of the workers. After all, they can't have a business without us.
“I went in the dressing room to try on some pants,” she said, dabbing at her eyes. “And he said I went in there to cheat on him.”
Then we do map work on the state. This is what my second grader did. She is required to trace the rivers, label the capital, and major cities. Fourth grader has to label rivers and landforms, also. I love these maps. I got them from YWAM.
Student : Professor, is there such a thing as heat?
Now what is a Brandy Alexander you may ask??? There are a few variations of this great cocktail but Ill give you the one I learned to make when I first began bartending.
"See, there you go again. I'm the parade, and you're the rain. Why do you hate me so much?"
04 Not Afraid to Die 5:20
I'm not pessimistic. I am far from being that. I am not depressed, nor have I ever looked at the cup half empty (maybe during my teenage years I have, but who hasn't?!) I am only rational.
Low point: Insta-love!
My favorite date question is, “What was your first job?”
Having looked me over, head to toe she asked, ‘What size shirt are you wearing now, Sir?’ ‘Size 17½,’ I replied. She said, I would be happy to measure you, Sir, but I’m pretty sure that you will need a size 16 or 16½. That shirt you are wearing now is clearly too big for you.’ She then proceeded to explain to me in the next few seconds all the various ways in which the shirt I was wearing was an unflattering fit. When she did measure me, sure enough I was a 16½. When I arrived in that shop I felt pretty well dressed. I left feeling pretty inadequate. However, I also left with a lovely TML shirt in lilac twill. Size? 16½ inch collar and 36 inch sleeves.
My beloved Jesus,
Sometimes, when transferring birthday dates into a new diary, I can barely remember who some of the people are but, if I were ever to meet them again, I would be able to impressively know when their birthdays are.
in a life long romance …
No matter how hard I try to blind the light
This statement is simply capricious, at best and, at worst, very self-serving.
It’s 1966, and Nishimi Kaoru has move to Kyushu to live with his aunt while his dad is away at work. He is a shy and asocial kid who manages high grades and plays the piano, but makes a prime target for bullies. The most notorious is Kawabuchi Sentaro, who actually takes an odd liking to him after fighting three seniors over the key to the roof. Kaoru also quickly makes friends with class rep Mukae Ritsuko, Sentaro’s childhood friend, whose family owns a record store with a practice room in the basement. Kaoru is inspired when he hears Sentaro play jazz on the drums.
3) When I was working at a shop in town, I had brought a lunchbox of pasta with me, but had forgotten a fork. So I popped to Wilkinsons to get a fork and picked up a pack of PLASTIC forks, knives and spoons. I went to pay at the till and was told by the cashier that I had to be OVER 21 to buy these PLASTIC knives. I had to swap the packet for one that contained only forks despite the fact that plastic forks are actually much sharper than plastic knives!!
* Dr. H. is on spring break this week, and he's already been on two hikes. Check them out at his hiking blog, 900 Miles. I so wish that we had spring break at the same time!
Roberta Lannes – Turkish Delight
“And you dared to go counter to your father’s wishes? They should have been a command to you. Give me one reason, only one, why, flinging decency to the winds, you demeaned yourself by becoming a baker.’
"He may, in other words, have found his intellectual solace not in political ideology of any sort but rather in the false-reality fantasies of writers like Philip K. Dick, who all but invented a science-fiction genre about how the powerful have the rest of us living in a dream world in which we are manipulated. The most commercially popular version of this worldview is The Matrix.."Like Loughner, PKD had some mental health issues, although it is not clear he was schizophrenic. However, he never would have had anything to do with dreck like The Matrix if only because he knew the second law of thermodynamics. The Matrix was inspired by continental philosophers like Jean Baudrillard. So Heidegger should take the blame for the shooting.
Some folks will point to the child warriors of Africa, but I'm not so sure the western nations can be left off the hook. Eighteen is hardly mature -- with a prefrontal lobe that is not fully developed. As for poor memories and and a gift for self-destruction -- the history of our species speaks for itself.
In this process, there will be some disruption of service; as little as an hour or two for some (depending on how long it takes to do a final migration. It's not a small database), to as much as 24 hours, depending on exactly what corner of the internet you are in relative to our hosting provider, and how long DNS changes take to propagate.
Well here it is folks, our "How we met" story, just for you in lieu of our 1st wedding anniversary Monday and our second anniversary period.
Again and again I repeatedly accepted that…….
Once again, I am ashamed of being an American. You'd think I'd be used to it by now, but no, each cringe-worthy incident hits me with Ben Stiller-like timing, and I blush anew all over again.
Mr Coulson denied that there was a “culture” of phone hacking at the NotW. If he had been asked if there had ever been such an activity, without going into the realms of “cultures” and if the questioning had precisely defined what phone hacking was, and that the questions were looking at whether this was done either by NotW staff or agents for them, this might have been more problematic for Mr Coulson, standing what is now publicly available. However, I don’t understand that the questioning went down such a detailed road.
We purchased Hercules from a breeder in Quebec City as a fifth birthday present for Thomas. He was a purebred Brittany, just a little too independent for a field dog and with the wrong markings for a show dog. Instead of the requisite white stripe down his forehead, he had a white heart. And a big heart... a sweet heart. From the moment that he arrived at our home in the co-op, he became the darling of the children in the courtyard. He tolerated any amount of enthusiastic cuddling and wrestling, and always greeted every girl and boy with an eager, welcoming kiss.
This saw mill was the property of Singer’s business partner, Augusto R. Berns. In 1867 the German engineer and adventurer bought the hacienda of Torontoy, comprising of 25 square kilometres of land on the northern side of the Urubamba river, from a Senor Angulo of Cuzco (who also happened to be the father of his wife Carmen). The estate included the ruined Inca fortress of Torontoy as well as a farmstead at San Antonio and was just across the river from Machu Picchu. Initially Berns hoped to use the land to produce timber for use as sleepers for the Southern Peru railroad. To this end he built the large saw-mill shown on Harry Singer’s map, as described above. When Hiram Bingham reached that location during his expedition in July 1911 he named it as “La Maquina” (“The Machine”) due to the presence of some large iron wheels that had been left to rust. Bingham speculated that they were part of a machine used to process sugar cane but they were actually parts of Bern’s saw-mill. He had abandoned the saw-mill in 1881 when he changed his business interest from timber to more precious materials.
I made this as a thank you present for one of my teamies at The Outlawz. I was desperate to acquire a ticket punch and couldn't find one anywhere in Australia...frustrating!! Maureen came to the rescue and sent me her SU one that she said she never used....I was SOOOOO happy to get this punch and use it a LOT!! So thank you Maureen for your generosity, I really appreciate it....*waving and sending hugs* I sent this off to Maureen last month so it would arrive before I blogged it for our challenge :)
At first it seems as if we're going in the wrong direction, as we would have salty, dry meat, if cooked right now.
There is, however, a silver lining here. Many of the negative effects of the substances described above are reversible. And YOU are the one who decides what enters your body. This article provides a brief overview of dangers lurking for the unaware consumer, but tons of information is available on which to base enlightened decisions. Your body is a temple. Will you allow it to be desecrated?
Some of our victims spent their entire life savings on these scams. Many of them are elderly or disabled people who were sold a dream that became a nightmare. If Airleaf had no intention of fulfilling their promises, then it was their responsibility to return the money to the authors. No money was returned, but the owner, Carl Lau, certainly enjoyed a plush lifestyle with an airplane and a cabin cruiser from our hard earned money. The Executive Vice President, Brien Jones, was earning a six-figure salary with our money until he decided to open his own publishing company, Jones Harvest. His authors are standing right in line behind the Airleaf Victims, with over 70 documented complaints to date, which you can read about on my website www.JonesHarvestFraudVictims.com.
But I was and am a good an loyal friend. She was going through a rough patch. She needed me. Later, she needed my professional editing advice. She apparently did not trust her neighbors to look after her house. She needed moral support. That what friends are for, and I was happy to be there. She visited me in the hospital after my breast surgery, indeed. Unfortunately, Entomologist was bitingly dismissive and downright mean when the tables were turned and I needed a shoulder a few years later.
8. Jelly Roll Gum Drop (02:17)
All right, homebrewers. You win this round. This is a beer with impact, and a beer that goes back to the beginnings of craft brewing, and at the earliest...it's a homebrew.
Not another day could be
A young woman explained to me: “It heightens the music, makes it more epic.” In common with others it helps them to dance longer, but the important effect is that “It fills you full of love towards those around you, if a girl is being sick in the toilets you pull her hair back for her. I have only seen two fights in eight years of clubbing.” She compared this with aggressive pubs when people are drunk and violent fights ensue. It is a response to the betrayal of the needs of our young people by Christian leaders and has fuelled artificial communities and the illusion of transcendence through drugs.
So, X’mas morning she wakes up
The boats are self-bailers, with valves under the cox’s feet that open when you’ve got a little speed, and those valves worked quite hard today. We were shadowed by a yacht, as a safety boat, and had lifejackets tied to the riggers. The return trip, with around 20 minutes rest at the island, took a little over two hours. We had a lovely warm reception at Blouberg on our return from sun, friends and family, including some of the Anchors Away residents. There will be more pics, hopefully, from launch and landing, and I’ll post them when I get them.
Selby: Okay. But just so you know.
She’s not allowed to travel. That’s
The Podiatrists thought it was a step forward.
The Crystal Cave, the Hollow Hills, The Last Enchantment – Stewart
Please help all the good guys.
Heat oil in a non stick pan. Add mustard seeds and cumin seeds. Let them Splutter. Add turmeric. Wait till it darkens in colour. Add the eggplant and salt. Mix it well. Lower flame and cover and cook till eggplant is done. Don't let it be too soft.
What should you do? Whatever you want (within reason/law)! Bring your skateboard or your bicycle. Put on your roller skates or your running shoes. Grab a hula hoop, the dog & leash, your kids, and/or the Red Flyer wagon in your garage. The streets will be open to people and closed to traffic from 10 AM to 3 PM.
and by him deeds are weighed.
and “Like”, and “share” the photo. You can also just click on the picture here on this article and it brings you to the facebook page where you can like it. Also please feel free to “share” it with your friends.
Address: 7th St and Constitution Ave NW Washington, D.C.
Given a choice, there shall only be paper books in my domain (and no wire hangers). As to the e-book that someone gave me? It's so thin that I cannot find it. It probably lies buried beneath a pile of books.
I said, “Please don’t go”
Being “Freshly pressed” gave me the unique opportunity to have my photoblog content exposed. I’m still surprised – not to say overwhelmed – by the positive reactions I received. I wish to welcome all new readers and followers, hoping to share different photographic paths and the common passion for photography.
I didn’t really update the blog as promised huh? Ok, I may have seriously overestimated my ability to complete assignments while starting life in a new country. Oops.
In foisting cases, the State Government’s motive, Dr. Ramanathan says, is not restoring law and order or apprehending offenders. Rather it is to shut people up. “Because, they know even if all the cases fall at the end of the day it doesn’t matter, because they’ve had their purpose served. You can beat people up, you can put them away. It’s a total abuse of a power that actually doesn’t exist, but which they have managed to cultivate for themselves.”
get a hold of all the information he needs, or my
So when I'm gone just lay my remains
All at the same time.
I HAD to snap a picture!
Dahlia Seed - Survived By - Full Length ... Troubleman Unlimited 1995
7- Sympathetic" - 4:12
Doesn't "boy nipple sting dermatology" kinda maybe sound like a Belle & Sebastian song that was written while drunk and never recorded?
It also reprimanded American nuns for expressing positions on political issues that differed, at times, from views held by U.S. bishops. Public disagreement with the bishops — “who are the church’s authentic teachers of faith and morals” — is unacceptable, the report said.
Also on the show was Adrian Watson UUP (Ulster Unionist Party) a former Mayor of Antrim. He became quite hysterical wittering on like a schoolgirl repeating the same tired anti BNP rhetoric.
is blowing and lets go.
After payment is received, I will ship same day, as long as they are in stock!
The other style of meke I saw was actually Polynesian, as opposed to Melanesian. I never knew this — another example of how little I knew about the world before I left home — but the South Pacific is populated by two different ethnic groups: Polynesians and Melanesians. Hawai’ians are Polynesian, and Fijians are Melanesian. Each group has similar cultural threads; the mekes of Polynesians have certain hallmarks, as do the mekes of Melanesians.
10 Behind the Bedroom Door 6:10
Pellon Fusible Fleece (Outer bag interfacing): 14 1/2 inches X 30 inches
Y'all told me to remind you when the Junk Gypsies' new show would be premiering...so as of right now...consider yourselves done told.
Yes, the easy route. I make my own barbecue sauce. I love it because it’s super quick to put together, and I’ll alter up the proportions or put in some extra ingredients or just change things around depending on my mood. This is the way I like my barbecue sauce, and you may like yours a little different, so play with it.
Mark 8:11
So give me all you’ve got big bird – buck you bastard buck!”
It better be.
So, to all the bloggers out there, I salute you. Keep up the incredible good works you do, we couldn't manage without you!
The “new” Shoreline programme focuses on points of interest along 3000 kilometers of the South African coastline, stretching from the desert border with Namibia on the Atlantic coast southwards around the tip of Africa and then north to the border with subtropical Mozambique on the Indian Ocean. Their aim is to give viewers what they call “a encyclopaedic picture” of the South African coastline. Subjects covered include natural history, marine biology, and archaeology of the various regions.
“…I thought if I survive all this I’ll go to the house…apologies to the mother and accept whatever punishment she chooses for me…prison, death… it didn’t matter… because at least…I wouldn’t be in fucking Bruges…but then like a flash it came to me… fuck man, maybe that’s what hell is…an entire eternity spent in fucking Bruges.”
To prove things to ourselves, and maybe even to others.
2. 1 sheet 8.5" x 11" light blue cardstock
And what about the tourists? Here from Wisconsin and France. Not really knowing their way around and overwhelmed in the first place. Ooh, and the subways… what’s happening in the subways? Fade to black, baby. And if you don’t have a smoker in the crowd–and these days you easily might not–you are walking in that awful muck between the tracks 100% and totally blind. At least you don’t have to worry about the third rail.
3. Take the hotdog out of your nose.
“Oh yeah, so that’s really it! You felt you could do better than me. I wasn’t good enough for you, is that it? Huh? I’m pretty sure that’s it.” A strangely calm expression she could not understand was on his face.
I think good, homemade chocolate chip cookies eaten with a tall glass of milk is the very definition of nostalgia. Every bite brings you back to the days when everything was as simple as enjoying cookies and milk after a long day of school and play. You’d be sitting on your favourite spot with a half-drunk glass of milk in one hand and a half-bitten cookie on the other; trying to shake away all the crumbs that have tumbled down unto your uniform as you happily chew the last bits of your cookie. Extending your chocolate-stained hands, you ask Mum if you may have another cookie before supper please, and she will wink and sneak you another piece.
JAPANESE ATTACKS AMERICANS
Felt a bit low today. Receiving dismissive tweets about Baclofen from that private rehab company yesterday made me angry and then sad.
a) For the cinnamon syrup you can use 40 ml of water or corn syrup + 2 teaspoons of vanilla instead of liquor.
It's been a little bit since I've posted...but I've struggled with how I wanted to put my thoughts into complete sentences. My last post (aside from the blog hop post) was me venting about our experience with the Army's medical board process (MEB) and the VA. Well I was directed to Operation Homefront by Cheryl over at "Wife of A Wounded Soldier" (you can click her name for a direct link to her blog). After doing an application and talking with an individual by phone a couple times, we are getting some help. Operation Homefront is helping us to pay some of our past due rent and they also sent us some gift cards to get some groceries. No joke, I was on the verge of tears as I spoke with the guy from OH. It's an extremely humbling experience to have to ask someone for help and admit that you can't afford to buy groceries or pay rent, etc. The guy was extremely nice and empathetic about us needing help. Plus he is a social worker, who completely understood my situation with grad school...and made me feel better because I didn't need to explain why I'm not able to work during grad school. So we are getting some help in that area...which I can't ever say thank you enough for. Kyle and I decided that when we finally get stable and are not struggling so much, we are going to donate back to OH just so they can help other wounded warriors and their families.
Moi: But, French people never go to bed before dawn.
We did it! Our Kickstarter is now fully funded! 59 backers, 7 days. Wow. This ensures that we’ll be able to receive funds. BUT you can still encourage others to donate until May 18th. The more funding the better. More importantly, the more volunteers the better!
“One problem, I learned, is that British writers can be too dark for American readers. Too much blood, gore and on-page violence can be a really turn-off over here”.
For years I have enjoyed the stories about Amelia. Written and illustrated by Marissa Moss, these stories are presented to readers in a journal format, and they wonderfully chronicle the highs and lows in the life of a young girl. Not long ago Marissa started a new series featuring a girl called Daphne. Once again, the stories are in journal format, and once again the author uses humor and sensitivity to explore the life of a young person.
Asked whether the government, which is implicated in the case, would deploy someone for the defence, Muhyiddin said:" I don't want to comment on that."
There was laughter as the Archbishop said he would attempt an answer before adding: “Not that I know much about razors.”
For years Bart Ehrman has been routinely bombarded with one question: Did Jesus Exist? As a leading Bible expert, fans and critics alike have sent letters, emails, posted blogs, and questioned Ehrman during interviews wanting his opinion about this nagging question that has become a conspiracy theorist cottage industry the world over.
I want to apologize for the lack of posts this week. I’m sorry- I am graduating from college (tomorrow!!) and have a lot of stuff to deal with. But here are some things I picked up that I liked a lot.
I have been downloading patterns for my sewing machine. Than Mom and I were in Wal-mart(I guess favorite hangout not) and I saw these dish towels. So I decided that I would do some embroidering. I thought they would make nice gift's.
Paul Klee was a Swiss painter, of German nationality. His father was a music teacher, and his mother, a trained singer. Klee loved dabbling in the visual arts as a teenager and spent a lot of time drawing in his school books. He especially loved caricature. He earned a Fine Arts degree after which he travelled throughout Italy, studying the master painters and spending time with fellow contemporary artists, such as Kandinsky.
Speaking to Tim Flynn who runs the redoubtable New Oxford in Salford while at the Bruges Beer Festival, reveals that he can put almost no mark up on these beers, as they so expensive to buy in the first place, but he offers them for additional choice. Now I didn't get the chance to check out supermarket prices in Belgium and they may well be reasonable, but it seems I won't be drinking very much gueuze/lambic in pubs, as to my mind you need several to fully get you in the zone, so that you can really appreciate the style. That would be a dear do.
It’s a busy time, as the year hurtles forward. The sunny days leading people outside, the impending Bank Holidays, the shedding of winter skins. Beneath it all, the strong and inexorable flow of Beltane on the horizon, like a heartbeat as the world quickens. Blood is flowing faster, eyes are opening, plants are blooming. Today alone, people are running, racing, fighting and simply laughing together in the warm outdoors.
so that one by one
It was a blind tasting with only two beer writers on both panels, paired with three or four others who have, what can only be described as, excellent palates. There was some healthy debate about some of the beers, downright disagreement about others and a chorus of approval for many.
In the conclusion, I argued that the way forward for “gayness” would be to reduce as much as possible the normative, evaluative stances gay men take against each other across the spectrum between those two poles, which push them to situate themselves vis-a-vis what other gay men, elsewhere along the spectrum, are doing wrong; and instead to move toward an ongoing democratization of gayness that would seek to maintain the gay social spaces and other contexts within which gay men could continue to have the arguments between the minimized and expansive gaynesses they embraced with minimal intrusion from the dominant culture.
2. Add oil in a pan and fennel seeds let is turn golden brown, then add minced onions and green chillies and sauté it for 2 minutes.
God and Ancestrally Bless.
The marriage didn't last long. Slim was pursued by many famous men.
Fruit curds are versatile and a little goes a long way. This sweet and tangy indulgence is easy to make, but can also be a bit troublesome. Incorporating the eggs correctly, cooking at a medium heat and constant stirring leads to a smooth and creamy curd with very few egg bits or none at all. If you have ever rushed making a curd by heating it too quickly or slacked when you should have been stirring, then you may already know scrambled egg enhanced curd is not what you are looking for.
That was the Morgan we would come to know and love on the small screen, dryly funny and a bit sarcastic on the outside, but warm and mushy on the inside. You got more dry than warmth in his second big TV role, as Jack Webb's equally staccato partner in the late-'60s revival of Dragnet.
What I realize now is that I can only consume what I can carry. Even with that, there are still plenty of good intentions (ie., fruits and veggies) that get tossed but not on the level of my former Costco/Safeway life. Our neighborhood has several small corner markets, where I can pop in and get just a few ingredients that I really need and more importantly, that I can carry in bags back to my house.
Depth: 250 km
OK. That is not true either. But I am feeling the need to run for cover.
13 is just another number that sits in between 12 and 14.
Then throw in the added anxiety of Brigham's massive vomiting attacks. They are scary and awful. Landon has never thrown up. Ever. So seeing a tiny little baby have 4 ounces of milk spew out of his mouth and spray out his nose is not only new to us but terrifying. We took him to the ER the other night but they couldn't find anything wrong with him. But he did it again last night and I just wanted to cry. My poor baby. What's wrong with him? He doesn't throw up after every feeding so I don't think it's reflux. But what the heck is causing this?
1. Letters are a chance to actualize/materialize your love for your friends. Its not enough to have friends in your head or your memory.
It did not disappoint.
Jaden Smith
About 20 minutes into the first session of DPCON12, I was thinking "OK, I am WAY out of my depth here." All the talk of working with charities, brands, what I am 'selling', what I am 'worth' (more than a bottle of moisturiser seemed to be the agreement!) was starting to make my brain fry. The recurring thought that I am a very small fish in a very big pond was ever present.
When Lord Randolph died in 1895, Jennie remarried five years later to a man the same age as Winston, George Cornwallis-West. They divorced in 1912 and in 1918 she married Montague Phippen Porch, a member of the British Civil Service.
I fully expect her to be a Go-To Gal in the future :)
Hipsters don’t have that much motivation. Banksy isn’t a hipster, he’s an artist. There’s a massive difference. Hipsters need to be artistic in some way, but they can’t be too motivated.’
It was the British Empire that brought over more Tamils to pick tea, it was the British that had handed white collared jobs to the Tamils and it was through this secondary fact that our independent newly elected Govt decided to take to hand. By the 1970s, the Govt had wanted to introduced the Policy of standardization to rectify disparities created in university enrollment in Sri Lanka undercolonial rule. A student named Satiyaseelan formed Tamil Manavar Peravai (Tamil Students League) to counter this move.[21][22] This group comprised Tamil youth who advocated an armed insurrection against the government. Inspired by the failed 1971 insurrection of Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna, it was the first Tamil insurgent group of its kind….
I was reading through some AD&D spell descriptions yesterday, and noted that the druid and magic-user versions of Reincarnation differ quite dramatically in the range of critters a dead character can come back as. The druid spell will probably bring you back as an animal of some kind, while the magic-user version will always result in some humanoid type or other.
was detained in Cuba because
Recovery!
Pooh: 12 votes; 60%
Here myth has it, the Queen’s official birthday is always sunny: a kind of “don’t rain on my parade”-day. This year, right up to the big day the weather was horrid. But sure enough: on the big day, it changed its mind and suddenly, we were in the middle of high summer – for 24 hours.
(this entails with 17 three to six year olds...mostly boys)
The sparks were far from flying I might add.
A Norwegian woman, separated from her Pakistani husband, drowned her one-year-old baby in a bucket while her boyfriend watched it live on Skype.
From my home in California, I flew to Paris in early July; there I was feted as I should be. I then took the train to Normandy, where my warm hostess was one Dame Elizabeth. I roamed gardens and paths in the vicinity of the D-Day beaches, and also worked out an agreement with my hostess's husband: as his appetite waned, I kindly helped him polish off the steaks on his plate and for a while, no one was the wiser. Yum. A few weeks later I headed for Lafitte, the manor in South-Western France where I always spend parts of my summer, ruling over the park while my assistant's mother made apricot preserves in the kitchen.
Absolutely! He was dangerous to all that was opposed to God and in league with the devil. He has led the greatest revolution in all history, so in that sense it was dangerous, but in many ways it was not because it is a revolution based on love, as demonstrated in his healing of the one arresting him. There has never been a more dangerous revolutionary in the entire world.
As with the other sentiment indicators, the NAAIM survey of manager sentiment increased slightly this week rising to 33% exposure from 29% a week earlier. Digging into the data a bit more we find that the most bearish response to the survey is a surprising 140% short position against the market. This suggests that there are still some who are skeptical and a few who are very much not believing in the bounce higher.
Other than that amateur-drivel, Shakespeare is like NAFTA, annuities, blanching, and the Louisiana Purchase. I don’t really know what you’re talking about, let alone have anything to contribute, and should know more. Thus when trying to think of a way to celebrate Romeo & Juliet’s creator, I had a How am I a thirty-three year old Boston College English/Sociology BA celebrating eight years of successful self-employment yet don’t have any prolific Shakespearean-knowledge moment. The kind of horrifying moment when you realize you can list Macie, Amber, Caitlyn, and Farrah as the original cast of Teen Mom but can only muster a fake-genuine nod of concern (or is it excitement?) when someone brings up Myanmar.
Finally, the key lesson for Europe from the last for years is this: service-based economies are exceptionally fragile.
Did you read that?
We continue on State Route 4, across Suisun Marsh, past the Delta’s enormous wind farm, through Rio Vista on the Sacramento and into the San Joaquin Valley. Here the vineyards, which have begun to leaf out, are huge rectangles, emblems of the San Joaquin’s “factory” agriculture. It’s obvious as the day’s progressed, we’ve gone from that old original California winemaking feel— low key, small acreage, oak barrel aging—to overtly high volume, giant acreage, steel vat production. And from the leisurely pace of State Routes 128 and 4 we’re back to the frantic press of people and cars on US 99.
To add insult to injury because the victim was an American, and the New Zealanders don’t like “septic tanks” (Yanks) in their neck of the woods, New Zealand police declared: “The American tourist who fell to his death in the Mt Cook National Park yesterday was inexperienced in the alpine environment.”
- Depression
You Gotta Love Someone
by
What keeps you from pursuing that which you can?
You once asked questions by the dozen
Cafayate Town Square - wait for the chasqui (courier) to give them their next clue at sunrise. There's some cute footage of a stray dog playing with rocks, the Feds sticking with lying that they're kindergarten teachers (really?), Dave The Clown is a two-time cancer survivor and a lot of waiting around before all teams storm the horse. I have to say, I foresaw carnage. GUYS, DON'T STAMPEDE A FRICKIN' HORSE! Those things have Flying Hooves of Death when scared! Luckily, this was the most chill horse EVER. No one was brained. Not even the Big Brother team.
Supplies: flowers mostly from Wild Orchid Crafts (think the large rose may be from Sweet Lilac but I've lost the packet!!; pearls from The Hobby House;
The first thing we talked about was my right tube. We mentioned how it was unusual to have been so bad off so early in a pregnancy but not unheard of. He didn't really know why it happened. But there were adhesions in that tube. It's the reason we took longer to get pregnant. And I'm honestly just relieved the stupid thing is gone. It's still a bit scary bit overall I really wouldn't want a scarred up tube causing me more issues.
During these last steps of your ascension pathway, countless light beings throughout this universe are with you in spirit and many are walking alongside you.
- IBM = $1.5-2B/year
Rex Nebular and the Cosmic Gender Bender
Everyone seems to be catching goodly number of browns in among the rainbows, particularly fishing the thick of the caddis hatch. Nymphing or swinging soft hackles through the Caddis hatch is particularly good, as I mentioned the dry fly activity has required some patience to wait out the wind and to find the fish in an eating mood.
Nico Gomez is a Belgian writer/composer who is famous for his Latin-American sounds. He conducted the famous Nico Gomez Orchestra and also wrote for Les Chakachas, another well known Belgian group.
As far as the hummers, it is migration time again, when they go through here to their northern summer homes. The photo is pretty dark, but it was dusk and it's the best lighting I could manage.
How can you look at me as if I was just another one of your deals?
The shirt is likely a reference to a lyric by Florida rapper Plies, who uses the term to describe racist judges who deliver harsh prison sentences.
4. Actually this week I relearned to listen to whatever music I wanted to hear. Oh, life is good.
Take care, my crafty friends.
She stopped and looked up, her chest rising with the breath of her exertion. She wasn’t alone. Keith stood at the edge of the clearing, watching her. Was he real? Or was this appearance just more of her imagination, hoping he would be?
Offer a Taste
This maybe a some what boring and depressing post but I have to put it on here so I can remember how awful it was and be grateful for future Spring Breaks that will hopefully be much better than this one.
So, what do you say?
When I went back to sleep, I had another dream... this one was scary but in a good way... I dreamt that I had a c-section (both Kaelen and Marrah were natural births so c-sections still scare me) and had a beautiful healthy dark haired little girl... It was a good dream really... until I woke up and realized that I still have another 6 months to wait to get to that point and hold another baby of my own in my arms... needless to say, that good dream kinda put me in a slump all day because I wanted that baby here now... So we'll see if that dream comes true... My dh has dark hair so a dark haired little girl isn't out of the question... I don't really want a c-section either but hey, if it gives me a healthy baby in the end, I really don't care...
Once again, the boy is trying hard to show himself in front of the girl, once again, the girl forgot the love story.
Liquid pearls- white opal,
Then God said, “Let us make mankind in our image, in our likeness, so that they may rule over the fish in the sea and the birds in the sky, over the livestock and all the wild animals, and over all the creatures that move along the ground.”
The other thing I think I will be trying is Brookfield’s idea of taking the experience of attending a professional development workshop or an academic conference as a moment to reflect on my experiences as a learner (that is, someone learning new things), and to analyse my reactions to help me identify assumptions about my own teaching and implications for my teaching practice. I’ve done something similar to this before to find out how I could become a better conference speaker, but it hadn’t occured to me to turn the experience around and look at my own learning experience. I know I will be attending a conference in July, so I shall plan ahead to view this as an opportunity to follow Brookfield’s advice and do a bit of assumption-hunting. I’ll be interested to see what surfaces, but it seems as good an opportunity as any to experiment with the process. I could also think about my identity as a singer, as I will be looking for a new teacher when I return to the UK, but that might take some time, and I think trying this on a small scale first is the way forward.
and questionable
Anyway, hope you're all well! :) xxx
By understanding what our goals are for the long-term we can asset allocate amongst these styles in greater or lesser degree depending upon our goal. Also, if we understand our behaviours and how they can impact our returns then we have the foundation of a long-term buy-and-hold approach that has the potential for above average returns.
Also the firing range borders the right of the golf course. It's only a few hundred feet from the barn property. Yes, it is and INDOOR range...but still...that's pretty damn close.
Have fun on Halloween, girls (and the unpublished amount of men reading this blog :D)
One of the biggest issues facing my state right now is its education system. As a teacher, I am just dumbfounded by what I see my elected officials doing to the job I love. I didn't enter the classroom to enter the political game. Yet, it's something I do on a regular basis over the past decade. Instead of focusing on teaching the content of my subject area, I am often too busy doing mindless paperwork, which at times seems to be in triplicate despite technology, or a host of other mindless tasks that again take me away from doing my job. I now find myself in my free time writing letters to my elected officials in the State House to not vote for cutting the education budget more. And I am alarmed that more of my colleagues aren't doing the same.
Some of the names in the lineup I was familiar with, however, I had never knowingly heard a note from any of the bands on the bill.
My awareness of the band started in the late seventies, on local FM radio but also on the TV show I used to love as a kid: “WKRP in Cincinnati:”
I'm glad that President Obama and First Lady have too much class to lower themselves down to the Palin's trashy level and attack children. In addition, the President and First Lady raised their two daughters properly and you won't hear of Malia and Sashia trying to make an unethical quick buck and pretending to be something they are not.
Jude must address some false teachers and there are teachers who pervert the grace of God to sensuality.
We shook hands. I offered an apology for my social ineptitude, chatted with him a while then sauntered off after my friend. Who laughed right at my face when I told him what had just happened.
haha
3. Delivery from St. Lawrence Market.
and, a smile.
Some have decried the first stirrings of the cinema of affects, the loose character formations, dissociated settings, and plots ever more baroque, as precisely that which should be resisted. And yet often these films speak more truthfully to the needs of our age than those films of the so-called ‘real world.’ Isn’t film supposed to speak to the world we live in, rather that of the past?
This way, this way!"
I have been facilitating drum circles for several years. It brings me SUCH joy to reach and connect with people in this way. Drumming in community is SO powerful. If you haven't experienced it, I highly, highly recommend it. My specialty (every time I write that, I hear Wallace from Wallace & Gromit, saying, "It's our spec-i-al-i-ty.") is healing or intentional drum circles. I teach the basics of hand drumming if anyone needs that, we drum for a bit, then I lead a guided meditation. I rarely go in with a meditation in mind; usually, I just say what I'm seeing when I start, and go from there. After the meditation, we drum some more to send that centered healing energy out - or in, depending on need! It is always, every single time, a magical experience, and I am always, every single time, surprised and pleased by what happens. I have never led two circles that were the same. These circles are some of the best things I've ever experienced - and I get to make them happen! How cool is that?!
The ability to produce flak, and especially flak that is costly and threatening, is related to power. Serious flak has increased in close parallel with business’s growing resentment of media criticism and the corporate offensive of the I970s and I980s. Flak from the powerful can be either direct or indirect. The direct would include letters or phone calls from the White House to Dan Rather or William Paley, or from the FCC to the television networks asking for documents used in putting together a program, or from irate officials of ad agencies or corporate sponsors to media officials asking for reply time or threatening retaliation. The powerful can also work on the media indirectly by complaining to their own constituencies (stockholders, employees) about the media, by generating institutional advertising that does the same, and by funding right-wing monitoring or think-tank operations designed to attack the media. They may also fund political campaigns and help put into power conservative politicians who will more directly serve the interests of private power in curbing any deviationism in the media.
A) Earth
Below is a video for ‘Push’ featuring big Dio fans Tenacious D…
Mesmerise
Watched The Jurer. Thing with that doll out of ghost and that alec buddy. Not actually bad. Violence toned done way too much and i dont actually like that doll from ghost. Seen her on the big breakfast once and thought she was a chid. Other than that. Not bad.
The bedroom should be the most relaxing, safe haven in the house, but unfortunately, it is often a place of chaos and clutter. Many times this room ends up being the catch-all room for things that have no other place to be stored. It’s also usually a room that is out of view of public traffic, so clutter and disorganization often reign, simply for lack of more storage space.
R stole medicine from The Cardinal´s private supplies and watched over the sick during the gray morning hours when so many seemed to die.
Boulder Beer / Wilderness Pub Planet Porter
6) If someone were to buy you a birthday gift on Etsy, what 3 words would they use in their search?hooks, original, humor. I can always use more crochet hooks (which I have all covered by PolymerClayCreations), and I love things that no one else has, especially if they make me smile.
The Problem: How many students are training to work in a factory?
Reviews weren’t very nice
For our Clear Lake trip, we discovered a comfy little motel near Kelseyville and the State Park. It’s called Ferndale Resort and Marina, and the views of the lake are wonderful. The guys liked it because they were able to tie their boats up at the dock right in view of the rooms — and the fishing wasn’t bad, either!
The two-year initiative is one of a number of anti-terror programs funded with a $151.2 million grant from Homeland Security.
In most cases I have experienced a long, hard day at work and should have been in bed hours prior. Yet, arriving home, I was tasked with cooking dinner, making lunches, doing laundry, and random other chores…. these things greatly delay the hour in which I retire to spend quality time with my pillow. Most normal people would leave their blogs for another day and succumb to their natural pull towards slumber. I, however, cannot allow myself that satisfaction. Why? Well, in a moment of unexplained insanity, I agreed to blog for 400 days in a row. Therefore, no matter how exhausted I may be, that daily post must be up by midnight. With my eyelids half-shut I begin to type….. I feel my head drift down towards my keyboard. I fight to stay awake…… I no longer remember what my last sentence was about – in fact, I no longer remember what this particular blog entry is about. All I know is I need to finish the entry NOW because I cannot stand another second of this torture. Yes, In this moment, I am sleepblogging.
So today, I feel different about trying to relocate her. A friend pointed out that, my mother is just remembering life as it was 10 or 20 years ago. If she went back it would be miserable for her.He is so right. She talks about all of her friends, back in Wisconsin, but she really doesn’t have anyone.
You sped right through my girlhood with your sophistication!
Still an excellent contribution to the series though! Can’t believe I am nearly all caught up – I have 1 to go, which I will be getting to very soon and then I’m up to date. But probably not for long, given the amazingly swift way that Carr adds to this series.
The storms do come. I still have moments of anger and pain. I still have moments where tears fill my eyes and the sense of true injustice squeezes my heart. I have forgiven to set myself free. To forgive and to heal means I'm back in control. No one else has control over me anymore, not physically or emotionally. I won't let them have that power. So when moments overcome me like a wave in a stormy sea, I look for my lighthouse. I've had to build my own lighthouse, because they do not magically appear without my effort.
There’s a wild hope,
I never knew that a love like this
My rating: 4 of 5 stars
Each card contains a scripture for the day, a “thoughtlet,” and an action idea. As moms crave the sweet morsels from God’s Word, they can draw a card from a delectable Cravings holder—a pink cupcake!—that also displays the daily card for hands-free viewing. Versatile enough to fit with any feminine décor in a dining nook, a prayer closet, a kitchen--wherever you‘d want Scripture at your fingertips. If you find you need Cravings around the home, just one may not be enough!
Christianity.
Then people sang “Let There Be Peace on Earth” and “God Bless America.” People then had the opportunity to enjoy fellowship over dessert.
Top of the table clash. Rovers go into this off two disappointing trips having only been able to manage a 1-1 draw away to Cork City, then squeezing past Cliftonville on penalties midweek after losing 2-0 after 120 minutes. Shels are also on the seven point mark after an impressive start to the season which has seen Alan Matthews side beat Derry and Bohs as well as draw with Sligo.
Oliver Tractors were founded in 1929, and since then they have been changing and remodeling the face of tractor companies and farm equipment. They broke away from the traditional 2 cylinder model and created new and more exciting and ground breaking tractor and farm equipment models. An Oliver Tractor has been a symbol for hard working and quality farming since the foundation of the company. Many people have spent their whole lives working and farming with Oliver tractors, and they have dedicated their lives to making sure that the brand goes on.
I wait for the LORD, my soul waits,
Behind those movie screens
if you have any questions,
I stamped the plane in Night of navy ink and then punched it out with my 2 1/2" circle punch. Then, with the file in the Distressing Kit, I roughed up the edges. River Rock and Early espresso were added here as well.
- Synthetic Dyes
With Foster you are always going to get steamy no matter what it appears and that is fine with me as she gives her characters to be intriguing and well detailed. You want more out of her characters but always happy to get what you are given. Hard To Handle is just the book that will make you squirm with wanting more for both characters but you will be satisfed at the end of the book.
King General - If I Was A Rich Man
Let no one deceive you with empty words, for because of these things the wrath of God comes upon the sons of disobedience. Therefore do not become partners with them; for at one time you were darkness, but now you are light in the Lord. Walk as children of light (for the fruit of light is found in all that is good and right and true), and try to discern what is pleasing to the Lord. Take no part in the unfruitful works of darkness, but instead expose them. (Ephesians 5:6-11 ESV)
I give money to two separate animal charities a month. Better that way than give it to some prick in a park who wants all me cigarettes?! The day I give money to anything that's got something to do with big business or politics - do me a fuckin' favour and shoot me, as I will obviously have lost me mind!
Total time: 20 minutes
JIFFY LUBE LIVE™
My wardrobe seems to be suffering lately, and I was having a mini fashion crisis, so James suggested a trip to Brighton was in order. Why the crisis? Well, Hastings has some very cool parts, but there is a distinct lack of decent clothes shops. Debenhams and River Island seem to be the peak of fashion here. And whilst these places do have some decent stuff, I've found my wardrobe slowly deteriorating into pre-Felix jeans that really don't fit properly and supermarket bought tops!. Add to this a baby who seems to think that changing rooms are the worst punishment ever and you might see where I'm coming from
As I add banners and clothes lines to my various scrapbook pages I can't help but wonder how nice that would be to hang the laundry to dry on an outdoor line. I imagine the summer breeze caressing the sheets and summer dresses has they hang from wooden clips and Maribel giggling as she weaves in and out of each hanging garment saying "Mommy come and catch me!"
Just a flash out my window, but,
You get loose
A major concern within this letter for Paul is to offer perspective concerning the suffering of their leaders and their own congregation. Therefore it is important that we see Paul use the word church here as an indicator to their position within the larger body of believers in all regions, and even those in Judea (2:14). As we shall see below, the solidarity of all believers is a crucial aspect that Paul seeks to draw upon. Paul saw these believers as the co-citizens[2] with all the people of God. This is only further enforced by the use of the terms ‘beloved by God’ and ‘election (v.4). Paul by using these classic Jewish terms[3] is seeking to remind the believers of Thessalonica that they are a part of the family of God.
Last week, Erik drove past and noticed construction inside the Rocky Run building. He said people were going in and out. When I rolled by Saturday, the site was quiet, but the inside looked it was being torn up. Two dumpsters were packed along the side.
When I’m finally silent and still enough to unwrap the weeks and days with The Brain and his illness, my frustrations are usually rooted in sadness and fear. I’ve never been on the long journey with someone to the end of their life. Yet, I allowed myself these emotions. Early in my employment, I was encouraged to open my heart and mind, to not be guarded.
I am quite concerned over what changes the budget will bring with respect to student allowances and student loans. There is a non-trivial chance that my meagre student lifestyle will decline even further from its current subsistence level.
A salad on the side
Have a go: Sligo 2-0 is 9/2 with Paddy Power. It has a chance if Sligo keep eleven men on the park.
I been sayin’ that shit for years. And if you ever heard it, it meant your ass. I never really questioned what it meant. I thought it was just a cold-blooded thing to say to a motherfucker ‘fore you popped a cap in his ass. But I saw some shit this mornin’ made me think twice. Now I’m thinkin’, it could mean you’re the evil man. And I’m the righteous man. And Mr. .45 here, he’s the shepherd protecting my righteous ass in the valley of darkness. Or is could by you’re the righteous man and I’m the shepherd and it’s the world that’s evil and selfish.
Sunny taught us how to make 2 entrees- kung pao chicken and shiitake rice noodles. Because these were whole and natural ingredients and because the cooking method was healthy, each portion only came out to 3-4 points on Weight Watchers.
But when the PS3 and the blue ray player on your laptop goes out at the same time . . .
will help us put these principles into practice. What is intimacy? First, let’s take a closer
Limits of Confidentiality: All dialogue between you and myself will be held in strict confidence, except under certain legally defined situations involving threats of selfharm or harm to another, and cases of child abuse, elder abuse, or abuse of otherwise dependent individuals.
To date we have analyzed the largest 550 public companies in the US, and the largest 300 public companies in Canada. Each of these firms has a scorecard, that they can access by purchasing a detailed report from Fifth Quadrant Analytics. We are in the process of expanding our research universe to cover Europe in 2013.
Madrid had now lost its principal attraction for him. Darkness and brooding overcame John Bessac.
A page on housing announces that the developer has "agreed to build between 600 and 1,000 affordable units on or off-site for sale to low- and middle-income first time homeowners" but there's no mention of that in the documents produced by the Empire State Development Corporation.
The numbers 170 to 200 million tonnes of CO2 that the WEF report gave, do not tell the reader very much. The WEF report cited a June 3, 2011 Nature article for this information: “170 million and 400 million tonnes of carbon dioxide between 2011 and 2020 (depending on different assumptions about the country’s shifting power mix).” The greater detail in the original source show the numbers are only a guess, and that this guess varies widely depending on the model used to calculate the figures. The numbers are also spread out over nine years – almost a decade – an important variable to consider. Even in Nature’s worst case scenario, the highest figure cited, 400 million tones of CO2, would still not equal even half of one year of Germany’s figure at 829 million metric tonnes of CO2, according to the Union of Concerned Scientists. This number is in-line with other figures, though there are a few variations (see figures here & here).
MISHEL CORTEZ: Despite your kakulitan and very bi-curious ways I love you. Yes, even if you’re clumsy and your tummy talks when it’s full. And I want to thank you for keeping me happy and of course for taking care of my dearest brother Aldrin. Take good care of each other okay? I love you both.
for they see the beauty
Zero also is fascinating, the ultimate conflicted individual, hating vampires passionately, yet unable to preclude his own vampire nature from manifesting. Yuki's devotion keeps him from being torn apart by these conflicting drives (at the cost of her own blood), while both the vampires and the vampires hunters use him mercilessly to suit themselves. Yet, being used, he has considerable will and ends up using those that use him to serve his own purposes. His love for Yuki is touching and tragic. I suspect one reason why this manga continued past the "end" was a sizeable faction of fans who want to see Zero get the girl (as my daughter does).
Event: A larger scale system to impact the central United States
It all starts with ‘tone from the top’ but communications within a business need to also focus on the implementation of the company’s anti-bribery policies and procedures. The Guidance lists several areas which it believes such communication should provide instruction upon. These include company policies on “decision making, financial control, hospitality and promotional expenditure, facilitation payments, training, charitable and political donations, penalties for breach of rules and the articulation of management roles at different levels.” Another critical aspect of internal communications is the establishment of an ethics helpline. Such a helpline should be secure, confidential and accessible for both employees and those outside the company to elevate concerns about bribery on the part of associated persons, to provide suggestions for improvement of bribery prevention procedures and controls and for requesting advice. The Guidance calls such a tool a “Speak-Up Line” but whatever name it is given, it is clear that those both inside and outside a company need to be furnished with a secure, confidential and safe manner to report ethical concerns to an appropriate level of management.
Below I've collected some of Singularity's more egregious and enjoyable thieveries. What else have I forgotten? Let me know in the comments.
How times have changed from the old days that we too often cloak in the golden glow of nostalgia! The very nature of marriage is changing…
Wow I really turned this into all about me! But it was a fun day seeing all the kids in their costumes. LOTS of Little Red Riding Hoods, Princesses, and Big Bad Wolves.
she is the real one. Really. She said so.
I will be going in a new direction with my blog. Instead of composing ways to spot sluts or giving advice on how to get yourself killed via lawnmower, I've decided to dedicate my blog to the less fortunate. So from here on out, no more dick jokes or ways to disappoint your parents. I will be detailing my life as a member of a local church group traveling throughout the world to destinations no one vacations at, sharing my experiences with others and...
Movies that mock the police range from the Keystone Kops to Beverly Hills Cop, from Police Academy to Police Academies 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and Mission to Moscow.
1 lb green beans, ends removed
Ask your parents and the groom’s if they have a preference. They may want to sit together at a “family table” or they may wish to sit with close relatives and friends. I would sit your parents’ tables close to the dance floor. If you’re dividing the room between bride’s guests and groom’s guests, the parents’ tables can be at the center of each side of the dance floor so they have a good view of your first dance, toastmakers and other special moments.
Hope Friday found you doing well. We have been so busy at work with our office putting in a new computer program I lost track of time and forgot to post sorry it's posted so late. The challenge this week at Crafts 4 Eternity is "Ribbons"!!! I love ribbon, but I'm kind of challenged when it comes to using it. I hope you like this weeks design.
Anyway, this quote from Gertrude Stein explains the essence of Picasso perfectly:
What you learn from your mistakes is what really matters
Last night we both did a bit of cooking making homemade pizzas. If you’ve not made pizzas with your other half then you really should try it as it’s a lot of fun. I was in charge of the tomato sauce, he was in charge of the dough. Cue much hilarity from phallic shaped dough and trying to spin the pizza as if we were in the kitchen of an Italian restaurant. But he did make a better dough than I ever could, he may just have the makings of a master baker in him! Chuck your selection of toppings on it (I went for onion, pepper, peppadew peppers and chicken) and plenty of cheese,chuck in the oven for 10 minutes and voila, delicious homemade pizzas! Just don’t put too much cheese on top otherwise you’ll end up with pizza slices that can’t take the pressure and collapse. He learnt that the hard way. I highly recommend making pizzas with someone, it’s quite a bit to do alone and definitely not as much fun as when you’re with someone. We used a recipe from Rachel Allens ‘Home Cooking’ cookbook, but there are so many different recipes online so the possibilities for tasty pizza are endless.
Then it was like I was seeing it all for the first time. I could not understand how people could carry out these atrocities and justify them to boot.
2) The Christopher Rule years
Interpretation: The common element in all the things, places and people in my life is, well, me. This means they can be totally unrelated/different, but it will still be my life.
I topped this off with some sandpaper distressing and then lightly inked with the Distress ink and added a touch of Perfect Pearls. Also use the Distress ink on the edge of the book page, Kraft Card blank and a small torn strip of spare book page.
So for me, this is definitely the best job in the world!
Cooking time: 25 min.
There's not much colour there, but there are lovely textures, and that lace! I wanted to make a card that captured that feeling of old lace without being vintage or lacy... if you get what I mean... since I was trying to make a CAS card. So this is what I came up with.
I love that we were able to work with in the framework of the existing kitchen to create a room that has a completely different look and vibe. The update involved hiring professionals, but also a few DIY projects
Tuesday: 1 hr strength training (Bob Harper inside out method)
I’ve heard some talk about me and you
Those words broke Young Miss's heart. She hung up the phone and wept for hours. Thankfully, Young Miss was seeing a very wise therapist at the time who declared her mother's statement a great gift. The therapist advised the Matron to honor her mother's request and not tell her anything about her personal life, ever, again.
I hope you can see me from wherever you are,
If he won’t stay as friends
Cut the biscuits in thirds (for regular biscuits) or fourths (for Grands). Roll the biscuit pieces in the cinnamon/sugar mixture. Place two (for mini muffin tins) or three (for regular muffin tins) of the pieces in the muffin tins.
I have to admit, I'm really optimistic now. We hit a lot of delays with our home study for Caden's adoption as well, but once it was approved it was only seven months until I was boarding a plane for China! Once we receive our I800A approval (which takes 2-3 months on average), I can send our three dossier documents to the Secretary of State to be certified and then on to the Chinese Consulate to be authenticated. My key word for that stage of the process is "expedite" so all that should take less than 2 weeks. :) At that point our paperwork will all be sent to China and the real countdown to Cora can begin! We're currently about nine months away from travel based on the average timeframe for each step to be processed, but we're praying for speedy approvals!
…I am none other
Khun Nived Seehamongkol, Dokmai Garden’s grand old lady and Ketsanee’s mother cooked two dishes for me and the Tropical gardening School students:
Can I just say... I had a blast making this card. I've never given a lot of thought to Valentine cards. I make one for my Sweetheart and that's about it. But I have Valentines on the brain right now and a LOT of stamp sets with which to create them. It was so fun to mix and match several sets, use the masking technique on many of the tickets and feel as though I had come up with a card that a man would enjoy receiving. The inside is blank and as Erin Lincoln would say, "you can add something a little racy"!
While I think Full Sail probably ran the numbers and saw some profit in Session, I think a lot of brewers like retro, and the idea of brewing a light lager is a challenge. So few ingredients--is it possible to make something that's actually tasty? I actually think it's less the end of civilization than evidence of the diversity of beer in Oregon. So robust is the market that there's room for even a light lager. I would place long odds on this becoming a trend among micros.
Vincent
You might be a rural farmer, agricultural student, garden farmer in the city – or someone passionate about organic farm fresh food.
(1) Hypnotherapy for warts (verruca vulgaris): 41 consecutive cases with 33 cures. Ewin DM Tulane Medical School, New Orleans, LA. Am J Clin Hypn (UNITED STATES) Jul 1992, 35(1) p1-10
I am stuck in between.
I also didn’t talk about perfectionism in the arts. I think those of us who are musicians, artists, or even writers really struggle with perfectionism. It starts when we are children. Everything is a competition. Who sounds the best, who plays it the best, who expresses it the best. When you are a performer, sometimes your best just isn’t good enough if you didn’t win the scholarship or the competition. I’m not a mom, but I would be interested to know how parents encourage their kids to do their best without making them believe they need to be perfect.
She stands for Youth;
In 2008 millions of Christians from 214 nations united in prayer and on 31 May 2009 a miracle happened when this initiative miraculously expanded to 220 countries in the world. Together with the 10 Days leading up to and the 90 Days of Blessing following the Global Day of Prayer, there was a sense that the call to unity and repentance is deepening. This lay the foundation for God to fill the nations with His glory as His children from around the world cried out to him in unity.
Too bad nobody informed the Cardinals that their season was supposed to end. Down to their last strike in the ninth inning, down 7-5, homegrown product David Freese stepped to the plate for the Cardinals and laced a ball into right field. The game should have ended with a Nelson Cruz catch in right field, and Texas should be in the middle of a celebration. Instead, Freese hit a game-tying triple that scored two runs. Cruz made the inexplicable mistake of allowing a ball to fly over his head with two outs in the ninth, up by two runs. THAT CAN'T HAPPEN. The Rangers were playing a no-doubles defense because only the second base runner mattered. The only ball that should travel over an outfielder's head in that situation is a home run. Cruz was out of position, took a bad route to the ball, and slowed down as he reached the warning track. It would be considered a terrible mental mistake during the regular season, let alone the most important game in franchise history. Kudos to Nelson Cruz for giving us the first Game Seven in a decade.
Hudson Mohawke – Gooo
C: Mike Pouncey; Ryan Cook
Sweet and simple, right? :) I'll be back tomorrow with my layout for the January Color Challenge at Emma's Paperie.
Below is the teaser ad campaign that almost never happened. It was the perfect ad to overcame all the obstacles. Ultimately, it would launch Tommy Hilfiger into fame as a top designer, but not without a fight.
I am still having such a hard time getting through every damn day. Hell some minutes are unbearable. What IS going on? I have never felt this bad before over such an extended period of time. I KNOW I have had better times. I KNOW I have felt joy in my life. Why not now?
Don’t find me again, please
To begin with, he said the DAP had always evaded the question of what would happen if Pakatan wrested federal control because DAP knew well that it would not have much say in the coalition.
COMPLETE freedom is attainable
Price: Rs 3500
No one was in the waiting room to take me home. I didn’t even know how I got there. The person in registration said that several people had brought me in and said that they didn’t know what was wrong with me, but to save my life. They paid cash and left.
Hebrews 10:25:
2039.E-IV/22/1983. On Harold Hayden and the Rockefellor Chapel stained-glass windows. University of Chicago Maroon, Chicago, Illinios, p. 4.
Last week you mailed to tell me Sigur Rós were such a dream to collaborate with because they have no ego. frankly i found that hard to believe.
Therefore we decided that we
Please remember that by downloading this kit you agree to my terms of use which state, in part that that that you cannot redistribute, rebroadcast, resale, or claim my graphics as your own. That means placing this kit on 4Shared, RapidShare or any other file sharing site for any reason is a strict NO-NO! That constitutes redistribution.
Defense consulted Dr. Anne Burgess--one of leaders in rape treatment. Sent her all the records, asked her, and she said: after working with hundreds of rape victims, having worked with FBI, having written a textbook--had never seen a real victim change her story as much as Mangum did. Burgess said there was "something terribly wrong" with what Mangum told the police.
We are very optimistic and have great expectations of what is to come.I hope this editorial is widely circulated. Western military resources are being risked and tax money being wasted to "liberate" Libya. The West has stood by, even offered encouragement, while Islamic and socialist extremists have toppled or endangered several pro-Western, or moderate regimes in the Middle East.
And it is beautiful.
“Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you’re wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn’t love you anymore.”
I have never dreamed of making cake pops (yawn again).
Loved The Husband Hunt. Lynsay Sands certainly grasped my attention from the first page and wouldn’t let go until the last. The last book of the Madison Sisters series was fun, sexy and entertaining.
Thanks for stopping by today and have a great day!
The 1960′s are long gone. I began that decade with my first haircut – a crew cut I believe. Later I was allowed to crow it so I could have a part in my hair. Radical, yes, but allowable.
Then the books of Vladimir came into my life, — the light in a ‘kingdom of darkness’. Then — and Vladimir himself… He helped me remember that I am not the body and mind. He helped me to overcome the onslaught of terrible disease… Now, even their names I do not want to remember… This is only a vision which is not yet fully recovered…
I live in South-West Finland, even I’m originally from the eastern side of the country.
Massage – Who doesn’t love a good massage right? Now a massage isn’t going to result in the ability to suddenly do the splits, but beyond being relaxing and feeling amazing, massages do help relax those muscle and unwind all those knots that have built up with lots of exercise. And relaxed muscles are easier stretched! So it can be helpful if you want to try to hit the reset button!
I was also given these two 19th century miniatures, painted on ivory. I took them out of the frames to have a good look at them, and they are very finely painted! They will look wonderful in the bedrooms om my new Canal house.
Capital gains Tax
-Green Beans
So what now?
Greenlee et al., 2003 (USA): Increased risk for infertility (herbicides, fungicides)
POV: Point of view always messes me up. Sometimes while I'm drafting a story, I will change the POV to see if it's stronger in someone else's viewpoint. It never fails that pieces of the old POV gets left behind, and I forget to switch it.
William turned to it and darted forward, hoping to see the bird.
Outside of a creative source, that word is still as ugly and despicable as it ever was. The first time I heard it, I was driving with my father down a bad part of our neighborhood on the way home from the store. A few black teens were on the sidewalk with a basketball, waiting for our car to pass. One of the teens shouted as we drove by, “Sup, nigga?!” in the same tone that someone would use right before a fight. Similar to today’s “Sup, Bro?!” in the same fashion. My father looked kept his eyes straight and shook his head as he kept driving. A disappointed look was on his face, but I didn’t understand why. I was eight.
We didn't have any plans until the last minute when we decided to head up to Lake Tahoe for 4 days with some of our friends because it was going to snow!
It’s a funky and lowdown feeling (what it is)
(c) 1983
After that we checked out La Purisima Mission outside Lompoc (pictures below not mine) and then visited the southern end of the Pismo San Dunes at Oso Flaco before getting to SLO.
HYB YR HAB RE SEAS FRA EXT DBL B/BR PL HT SIZE
Be forewarned, if/when you go through your teen rebellious stage you had best watch your beautiful mouth. I know how it feels, I was there. I also know that no daughter of mine is going to sass me and get away with it. So when we get to that point just be civil. I’ll do the same. And when you get past it, we can be friends again.
What do you guys do when you're feeling uninspired?
International Babylost Mother's Day - I never thought/or wanted to be part of this group - but I have met so many amazing people who have gone through similar situations.
Dudu Pukwana died of liver failure in June 1990, not long after his longtime friend and colleague McGregor.
A friend of mine said “Listen, we all date assholes till we meet the right one.” At the time I thought it was a harsh statement, but he’s right. Not that the people I date are assholes; because who we choose to date is a reflection of who we are and what we think we want. While dating, we are really testing out the combination of qualities, characteristics, and life desires we are looking for. We discover the things that we thought we wanted might not be what we need.
So I might be a little bit jaded now, but are we really supposed to believe that we should only have one life partner for the rest of our lives? Is the Affair life’s way of telling us that our time with our Spouses has expired and we should definitely move on and be happy elsewhere. I met my husband when I was too young, at the age of nineteen and I obviously felt so much for this person that I married my first love. If he had supposedly found himself that other woman that he could have had another life with, then why can’t the Betrayed Spouse? Why can’t I? But please don’t get me wrong. I still strongly believe in being faithful in marriage and I am not about to go out there and sluttin’ it up to any man I can chat up with. Or think that I have found my mate just because we are conversing on the ‘same level’. I am only saying that the strong belief I had about soul mates and loving happily ever after is now gone and they might not exist after all.
Similarly, Björk is unique. Her exotic looks are more reminiscent of the peoples of Central Asia, or even neighbouring Greenland, than they are of the average Icelandic native. And her extraordinary vocal style is no hark back to a traditional form of folk singing either: it is her own distinctive creation. At the same time, it is British artists like Kate Bush (one of Björk's teenage heroines) who seems to have influenced that remarkable voice we know today, although where that leaves her other childhood favourite, Genesis is anyone's guess!
This is my newest song, written and performed (Raw, unedited, uptempo version) by yours truly, Jenny "La Jenno" Pakkala. Click the post/song title to listen.
At the beginning Pamela tell us how she became a Rock n roll lover being a Beatles fan when she was a teen , her obsession with Paul Mc Cartney and her first love, how she didn´t lost her virginity as soon as possible as many groupies did in the 70s . She picture us a full scene of the californian hippie lifestyle , her crush on Chriss Hillman from The Byrds , the encounter with Jim Morrison and the first time she saw The Beatles and that Look that John Lennon gave to her. She became friend of Frank Zappa and Gail his wife, sometimes babysitting their kids to get some money and always worried for surviving meanwhile the GTO´s (Gils togethe
I still look out the window and see a beautiful sky, or scene. I still marvel at the love and care our dogs extend to my wife and I. I have come to appreciate my children in new and expanded ways and still want to live many years to experience all the joy life has to provide. Right now however, it is just tough, a day to day, put one foot in front of the other and plod along existence.
‘I’ll stop squeezing if you’ll kiss me on the mouth,’ he says.
One is that by the very order of things such evils are not demonstrable until they have occurred: at each stage in their onset there is room for doubt and for dispute whether they be real or imaginary. By the same token, they attract little attention in comparison with current troubles, which are both indisputable and pressing: whence the besetting temptation of all politics to concern itself with the immediate present at the expense of the future.
Add to the poor performances on the field countless rumours about affairs off the field, and our chances of regaining a rapport with the squad look more desperate than ever.
they were hoodlums who never
Available on both the Kansas and Missouri sides, and in both bomber ($8 in MO) and 4-pack packages (around $11.50 in MO), there's no reason not to swing by the liquor store and grab some Palate Wrecker. If it's any indication right now, the Royals will be leaving a bitter taste in our mouths anyway, so why not continue the trend?
And on that score, dear Tun, please also be informed that people who vote for the opposition are not lacking in common sense. It is just that the voters have grown tired of all the promises undelivered and the hurt thrown at them for half a century. And you Sir will have to take the whole blame because we gave you the benefit of doubt for 22 years only to drive us to the other side of the wall.
I lose the consciousness that favors me.
"Women On Top" - 3:47
You are not such a peanut any more! You are getting so big and active! You are so different from your big sissy. But it's refreshing to have the quiet baby for once. Esp. when sissy takes a nap or goes to bed we all can relax. Don't get me wrong I love your sister and her wild ways but I dunno if I could handle both of you that wild and crazy! I'd have to start drinking coffee which I def. don't wanna do! You are serene and tranquil baby, almost zen like. Almost. But not all the way zen because you can get loud and hey! I'm here too kinda way. Esp. if your tired and want to sleep or just cuddle. You def. let me know. I love seeing your big blue eyes light up when your with your sister. And you laugh at her or with her all the time its contagious. You do this funny/cute thing with sticking out your tongue, I will be sad when you don't do it anymore. I can't believe this week your gonna be 5 months! That's ALMOST half a year! Mommy, loves you! My little Buddha baby girl.
He picked up his right hand and touched her face. They kissed by the baggage carousel.
5. Why do so many gays have moustaches?
Bogota, Colombia
so look out.
No matter how much people insist that I am worthy and should love myself, I know I am a person who is dark inside. There is no love in there. I don't know if I was born broken or if something in life made me this way, but I simply have nothing to offer the world.
though the buildings
These observations, though beyond the issue as formulated in this decision, may, we trust, also serve to answer the vehement plea that for the good of the Nation, the President should retain his extraordinary powers as long asturmoil and other ills directly or indirectly traceable to the late war harass the Philippines.
Whilst 37.5 is normal for most, my reduced immune system makes this a trigger point temperature whereby precautionary measures are taken to ensure I don't go critical through infection.
“The Only One” by Manchester Orchestra
On Tuesday, Oct. 25, Manhattan Borough historian Michael Miscione will come to Brooklyn to discuss a touchy subject: the consolidation of New York in 1898. This was when our fair City of Brooklyn was downgraded in its autonomy to a borough. :-(
Why not a mug chock full of tasty jerky varieties?
and it has affirmed
It was about this time Alex went to bed, declaring me "nuts" for wanting to stay up and watch the whole thing when we've both been so sleep deprived of late. For the record, Alex is correct.
So I texted back:
14. One Summer Dream - Electric Light Orchestra
The first cake up was a hero of a confection, "Big Pink" as we referred to it things came together. I posted the recipe on The Kitchn today, so be sure to give it a visit. I recently rearranged my office/studio and really got to play with this wild dessert. I loved setting the cake into an Alice in Wonderland/little girl party fantasy. Hope you enjoy!
And by "sure do" I mean no. I have no idea how I'm going to do this. You watch as I try to figure this out...
Some lenders have already begun new negotiations.
short span of interest”—or so it seems. It is simply because life is short, and there are so many interesting things to do. For example, I’ve done everything from teaching dancing to sitting in judgement as a magistrate. As far as a favourite goes, I don’t think I have one. I suppose being a college professor gave me the greatest satisfaction because I was able to launch the careers of some very successful people today. However, it was just something I did for a time,
So, I’m going to have an arborist give me one estimate for cutting the whole thing down and another estimate based upon me cutting the limbs and him cutting the trunk. Ten years ago, I would have rented a chainsaw with a long bar and done the job myself, but given how bad a shape I’m in anymore, even the limbs—which will have to be cut into sections and lowered with ropes—are more than prudence dictates that I tackle, although I probably will.
I couldn't be happier to be married to my best friend! That day 5 years ago changed my life and i couldn't have asked a better partner to share my life with! Love you Joe!!!
And most of all, thanks to you both for your friendship, for all the amazing meals we’ve shared inside and outside your restaurant–meals that awakened a lifelong sense of culinary adventure–and for the warm community you created at Mirror, one that will not fade, even as the original meeting place gives way to something new.
and most times i respond the same way.
I know this is a very simple card and it looks like I didn't do much to create it but...
9) Last One Goes To Hope
The size is a little bit too small for me, but to show support is better than comfort. - Malaysiakini
In a bowl, mix together all purpose flour and milk
Today, as with many of our days lately, we are overwhelmed by how much our lives have changed since we got married. All you have to do is read a few posts back to understand the uncertainty we felt then. Not knowing how to pay the rent, wanting desperately for Andy to find, first any job, and then a job he loves, not knowing whether we should move or stay, not knowing what the next year, even the next week, held, not knowing if we would ever be ready for a family. Our lives have changed from a giant question mark to a long sigh of relief. Still, I cherish those months of Andy and I facing the world together, with only each other's presence to anchor us. I think they were so important to our relationship and to the peace we feel now. Knowing that we can- and have and will- survive the tough moments, makes these moments even sweeter.
Sophie Aldred has done an increasingly good job at developing Ace; always willing to adventure (except for moments involving clowns or evil houses from her childhood, but even then she pushes through it), Ace is beginning to assert her own position in the TARDIS, openly questioning the Doctor’s actions. In an extremely powerful scene here in FENRIC, she unloads on the Doctor, accusing him of “always knowing what’s going on” and not telling her, and that it seems like he’s playing a game in which only he knows the rules. She’s legitimately upset and hurt at not being told; she gives her undying loyalty to the Doctor and it hurts her that it’s not returned.
It was hard to get a dial tone as I stood at my office window staring up a quarter mile. The view was one of the finest in the city, clear and formidable. I always worked with the towers watching me over my shoulder. When I put in late nights, the lights would incrementally twinkle on as if the buildings were two giant Christmas trees.
Vidal’s
Here in Israel it’s what the British would call Bonfire Night. The articles mentioned above will explain why, but all over the country children set up bonfires in some of the most ridiculous places and the authorities just look on and smile.
Almost every night (between Midnight -2:00AM) they have sleep overs. Families, including children come out of their cars and they flock to the house. Sometimes they have bags of food, sleeping bags, or ice chest and they knock and they are let in and then they disappear. I always peek and try to see what goes on behind their doors. Before the type of people that would be members were hippie types with mullets but today's members look more mainstream. Scary.
Which is true? Probably neither. These are marketing requirements, genres, not livable philosophies.
Yuengling Brewery Yuengling Black & Tan
I don’t really have too many intermediate pictures…sorry; my kids have to go to school sometimes…so let’s just jump in to the “after,” OK?
I hope this inspired you to color, have a great weekend!
“What the hell are you guys doing here with me?”
09/13/2011 BUY 0.01 audnzd 1.25341 09/23/2011 1.25895 +4.85
Was it Taco Bell that pioneered the Spork?
“Who taught you how to do that?”
20.FARAQUET "Cut Self Not"
Melissa also feels that color can get a bit cutesy and saccharine if it's not complex and layered. "For me the key to using color is to really commit -- if you're going to be a bear, why not be a grizzly!"
However, what irritates me even more is Mr. Cosby’s belief that black men have no shame. And to be honest, that is the harshest statement of all the negative things he has to say. To Mr. Cosby, he sees a black man’s conviction of felony as a type of badge of honor. Wait, what?
Anger is a valuable emotion in that it causes me to take action.
(Above is Nicotiana Sylvestris)
It thrives in the dark
They began organizing demonstrations, one of which was in Trafalgar Square, but they were pushed back by “groups of workingmen.”
the ‘Palais des Festivals’.
70+
“Shhh.” The man held a finger to his lips and hushed him angrily. “Do you want them to hear you?”
In need of some inspiration? Why don't you try this sketch from page maps
Supper: homemade potato gnocchi with tomato and onion sauce
Ground Turkey Taco Salad with Avocado & Grandma Howell's Homemade Salsa!
This is his 1977 album with bonus tracks.
But just as often I start to feel a bit competitive or challenged. Like the gauntlet has been thrown down… "Top this sentence, why don’t you?" Or, it might be a gentler prod… "Do you think you could write a book this good? Wanna try?"
forcibly manhandled and thrown into the ambulance.
I decided to add more festivity to the card by hand trimming "2012" from various colored cardstocks. Also a nod to the quilted numbers in the trigger. ;)
Will never defend you when with the boys. He’ll just flash that one photo he took last year in the rain in Malindi and say that you can gerrit in that photo and apparently that should be enough justification for the many many maaaaaany days they came over and you had bad braids and a KANU t-shirt on.
However, I did want them to be a little messy so that the wreath looked a little more like eggs just thrown on the grass rather than really perfected.
Though I lie here on clean white sheets,
Let us love one another as we journey along;
There were the only two polishes I got from China Glaze The Hunger Games collection. I didn't like all of their colors or either I had them or could find easy dupes for some of those.
The Insolvency Act requires more than taking the wishes of the creditors into account. Any and all actions by the administrators, whether to save the company as a going concern or to sell off the assets MUST BE CARRIED OUT IN THE INTERESTS OF THE CREDITORS. I think this phrase is becoming my version of Carthago delenda est!
"Can I attach the roller to so you can save me a job?"
They are almost finished, and so soft and sweet!
While waiting in the lobby to present Mr. H his quilt, another man came up to the group sitting in the lobby and asked about the quilt we were holding. During the conversation he proudly told of his service in the Navy, too. A sailor from a later generation, Steven S served during the Desert Storm era on the USS Buchanan. Fortunately a quilt was waiting in the car to find it's new home, so his service is now recognized, too. As we went out the door Steve quietly mentioned that his daughter and son-in-law just returned from Afghanistan. It looks like two more quilts are needed for that family.
So, back to the story in hand. Usually a trip to the Court of Appeal would have been the end of the matter (at least as far as we, the judgment-consuming masses, are concerned). Floyd J had ordered an inquiry into damages suffered by Perini (or, at its option, an account of profits) in October 2009, based on his findings in the original dispute. One might therefore have expected the parties to slug it out between themselves and reach a settlement. However, as the reader may by now have twigged, this did not happen. Perini duly elected for damages, but there were nevertheless questions concerned with the calculation. Accordingly, almost three years after the original spat first worked its way through the courts, the parties are still at it, arguing over the damages.
Doesn't she look so pretty and feminine in her new duds!
“The 269.9 acres state land at BDC Kuching is a good example. The state could have earned about RM500 million from the sale of the land.
5damaged/unplayable
My sister in law says that I have tapped into some spiritual level of cooking and that I am clearly in a new place in my life. I suppose. I think that I have finally found a healthy way to express my love and concern for someone other than insane resentful self sacrifice and good martinis. All I know is, it gives me such joy to make food for my nerdy guy and watch him eat it.
You know, I should really restrain myself from buying fruits all the time. I can't resist in buying lots and lots of gorgeous cherries, peaches, nectarines, apricots, mangoes, but then I'm left with all these wonderful fruits without knowing how do I have the time to play with them. I have so many varieties of fruits that I'm confused of what to make. I just finished making some healthy and tasty fruit smoothie with peach, raspberry, blueberry, and some mango, yumm... Fruit crumble using all the different summer fruits might be in the menu a few weeks from now if I ever managed to squeeze some time to make a vanilla bean ice cream. I haven't been playing too much with raspberry this year, knowing that I still have a few months to go, but not for the stone fruits, their season will be over before you know it. I already have some list of raspberry dessert I want to make, hmm cannot wait. In the next few weeks, you will find me busy buying and freezing each one of them though, for my winter stash this year. Oh how I wish they would be available all year long.
Jack (5 years 8 months): Over dessert at America’s Incredible Pizza Company, Abuela thanked Jack for coming up with Incredible Pizza as a fun place to go for supper. And Grandpa said something like, “If you hadn’t thought of this, we wouldn’t be here!” Jack’s reply: “Yeah, we’d probably be sitting at Fudruckers.” (#184)
Whisk the egg whites until firm, gradually adding the sugar and vanilla sugar. Once you're done, gently fold in the almonds.
· Thirdly, as an artist he certainly has artistic vision and his own art style that everyone can understand, but no one else creates visual fantasy art that is anything like his!
Although we had done the Newcastle run the week before Christmas, we decided last minute to visit again for New Year to keep Mum company. There were plenty of people to look after her over the Christmas weekend and she was in good spirits on account of her grandson's first birthday on Christmas Day. But as New Year was always a happy time for Mum and Dad, parties and family get-togethers were part of their shared life for 50 years, I didn't want her to have a sad New Year's Eve. With this in mind, on Saturday morning we drove up a reasonably quiet A1 with a cool box full of Tesco Finest canapes, beer, Cava and a big vat of chilli.
“To wear aught else would be scandalous, my lady,” Eleanor said emphatically.
sufficient connection between the defendant and the third party or parties performing the patent method’s steps . . . The sufficient connection can be shown
I feel like I am dusting myself off and coming out from my hole to the light.
If I were not mistake, I wrote two anti-Chinese sentiments. However, it only shows the flaws of the Chinese influencing others to do things like piracy, disrespecting the IPR law, being indifferent, and so on. But looking at the better side of the Chinese will make you feel like you’re in Chinatown.
"The first, if I have any."
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste
Speaking of rad bags, a few scores from today's flea market: Soft leather backpack (seven bucks!), a gift from the seller’s mom back in the late 70’s, vintage wooden ring toss game with original box ($2), and enamel bowl with floral motif ($1). I love how perfectly these finds match my outfit too :)
I do. My name is Rick Lawrence, and I’m head of the Food and Drug Administration’s Task Force on Birth Control Sameness.
KEVIN VAN HENTENRYCK: It wasn't so much that film, but during the course of that film they had that actor who played Henri Gaudier and in one scene he has to produce this piece of sculpture to show someone in the morning. So they steal a gravestone, and they work all night. In the scene they show a close up of actual carvers hands working a block of stone. I was so turned on to and by the idea of a rock as a plastic medium that for the next several weeks...I...the school I went to was right around the corner from Sculpture House, a sculpture supply place. So I spent a couple weeks, just walking by and looking in the window. Then I worked up my nerve to walk in. I looked around, and walked out.
"In a lengthy phone conversation, Black told ABC 4 that it was 'an honor' to see the concert and an, 'extraordinary act of goodwill.' He also told us a conversation has been started between the gay community and the Church and that, 'both sides are trying to find common ground.' ABC 4 News is also being told that the Church has met previously with both Black and Bastian, one of the founders of WordPerfect. This, reportedly, to get more information about gay issues."The Church issued a vague statement to its members and the media regarding the gay activist's attendance: "The Church frequently extends invitations to social events to community leaders representing a variety of views, beliefs and organizations." However, ABC4 reports that this invitation is the start of what may be a larger outreach from the Church towards the gay community, which could include "helping to provide homeless gay youths with shelter and support."
Again, I'm reminded as I write this that my reference point for understanding violent people and those who experience violence is film. I feel that exposure to that kind of psyche through art has informed me about parts of the human condition I rarely experience. I feel more armed to deal with it and can recognize violent indicators in behavior, and cope with it and protect myself from it.
Juan Williams told Bill O'Reilly that he gets nervous at airports when he sees Muslims. For this, Williams has been roundly denounced as a bigot. But Williams' association between innocent Muslims and the perpetrators of the 9-11 attacks was less about bigotry—at least, bigotry conventionally defined—than about his mind working normally. To live in America in the post-9/11 age and not have at least some associations between Muslims and terrorism means something is wrong with you.
Yes, the holidays are over but now we are trying to get back into the swing of things...
Step back in time to England’s Victorian era with Posie Graeme-Evans’ new novel, The Dressmaker ($16.00, Atria Books, an imprint of Simon and Schuster). Ellen Gowan, a beautiful and clever girl of humble means reinvents herself to become a famous designer to London’s most fashionable and aristocratic ladies. Starting on her 13th birthday when he father suddenly dies, she encounters life-changing events that cover many years from toiling in a dress factor to setting up her own salon in fashionable Berkley Square. It is, as well, a romantic odyssey that provides a look at a past time and those who lived through it. The American South has generated many great novelists and stories. Love, Charleston by Beth Webb Hart ($14.99, Thomas Nelson) follows in
Through a local (although expanding) organisation I see that there are well meaning ladies who are organizing charity events throughout the year. There are ‘tea party’ this, ‘auction’ that, coffee mornings, book sales etc. etc… All these events seem to be targeted for the British population. Flyers are mainly printed only in English whether they be given out by hand or posted online or in supermarkets etc. Yes, I do know of a couple of worthwhile causes that do their flyers in French first and English second but they are a rarity.
I have not a racist bone in my body. I have had serious relationships with both a mixed English/Jamaican, and also mixed Pakistani/Portuguese these are not the actions of a person with hate towards other races.
Despite tenacious efforts made by me and fellow fashion enthusiasts to emulate our favorite runway looks, sometimes you wind up hitting a dead end. I remember when I first saw Balenciaga's Fall/Winter 08/09 show, I became frustrated when I realized I could not materialize the inspiration I received from the show's avant-garde, space age materials (I even considered purchasing a wetsuit and carving it into my own rough vision haha).
TCI: Privilege is...not a step back, but a different path from that. You would think you would continue on, because the previous albums had been building to Entanglements, and now it is a step toward how those other albums sounded. I mean this obviously a concept that you’ve been considering and focusing. It’s very detailed: five EPs, four songs each, blood, the art work. It was very thought out wasn’t?
Great Eastern Shipping Sells Aframax Crude Carrier 17
Heat pan on medium heat.
I would walk to school while my head was slumped on it, and it would magically bring me to school.
It would depress us, Karl
My opposition to innate fear stems from a belief that we teach ourselves to fear failure. Yes the environment we live in, from the time we are born until this moment, will have an impact on how we view the world. However along the journey, and through our life experiences, we alone pull the fear of failure toward us. No one makes us have the fear except for us. We develop the thoughts and feelings associated with the negative situation. We choose to live with the fear of failure.
or it could just be a evolved mohawk.
will, in a blink of an eye, be wiped away. The change will be palpable.
In the third place, it is to be impressed by the preachers on the people that, if they do go over to the Turks, they will not have bettered themselves and their hopes and intentions will not be realized. For it is the Turk’s way not to let any who are anything or have anything stay in the place where they live, but to put them far back in another land, where they are sold and must be servants. Thus they fulfill the proverb “Running out of the rain and falling in the water”; and “Lifting the plate and breaking the dish.” Bad becomes worse; it scarcely serves them wrong. For the Turk is a true man of war, who has other ways of treating land and people, both in getting them and keeping them, than our emperor, kings, and princes have. He does not trust and believe these disloyal people and has the force to do as he will; thus he has not the same need of people that our princes have.
reduced fat cheddar, sliced
First let me do some pimping for My Cardboard Mistress, since his ripping spree of these boxes got me wanting some of my own. While I didn't blow his breaks out of the water, I definitely did very well for myself. Onwards!!!
This is a card I made for my best blogging buddy on her recent engagement. The stamp is actually donkey's years old but I still love it! It's from Bang On The Door and it always makes me smile. Check out the size of Lisa's rock!!
Whenever I start a new song, I dont really know where it will end. I never have a clear vision before. I think of a feeling or a moment and let the song grow. When I finished the song, I try to find some lyrics to express that feeling I had. But mostly it is not my intention that the listener will understand every single word. I want the listener to find or lose hisself in a mood without giving words to guide somewhere.
Ultimately, what’s the problem?
Style: Belgian IPA
P.S. This post recently showed up in my inbox, and I thought parents planning parties for their children would appreciate the child-specific tips. :)
Be prepared to encounter a new group of experts; individuals focused on combating the world of art theft and doing their part to identify fraudulent pieces.
....we're here for your habit....
Album: Paradigms Recordings - Autumn Sampler 2011
Unless someone comes to take our place
Hi James. Nice to meet you James. Would you like a drink, James? Perhaps in a James glass as you sit on your James stool. You, James – yes you, James, will have James’ drink because James is you. You’re James.
Visit the tutorial in the caption of the first pic if you want to make your own. As much as I love you all, I'm not willing to share my mother-in-law. She's one in a million.
So rested and revived, we are now heading to Penang – fabled to have the best food in South East Asia… so all the weight I have lost will be going straight back on again then!
4. Does “diversity” include all minorities? Or only those with left-wing political viewpoints?And any suspicion that the only reason why Warren is a terrible nominee, don't forget that her research is also quite shoddy, but despite its debunking, has still been the basis of liberal policy proposals.
That all said, I had an amazing time with the challenge, met some amazing new blog friends and I look forward to meeting others that I've yet to visit! I'm sure I'll be thinking about this challenge for a long time. It has really helped me take a good, hard look at my schedule and my priorities.
spread out before me
(and PLEASE click the ones you like so you can enlarge them...they're so much better that way!)
3. Do you have any likes/dislikes about the 12-hour readathon, compared to a 24-hour readathon?
For the free sundae.
SLOW ROASTED PORK SHOULDER
But the majority of women in suburban Australian would probably choose to not jog at dusk, or not jog where they may be isolated or hidden from view or would choose to jog with a friend.
by the glorious, ever-virgin, most blessd, holy Mary,
The intoxicating feeling of your fingertips as you caressed my face and touched my trembling lips
Now you can gather the thread and pull up the stitches to close the opening. I hope that makes sense. Secure this closing with a few stitches back and forth across the opening. Leave needle and thread in place for the next step........
Let us be clear—online piracy is a real problem that harms the American economy, threatens jobs for significant numbers of middle class workers and hurts some of our nation's most creative and innovative companies and entrepreneurs. It harms everyone from struggling artists to production crews, and from startup social media companies to large movie studios. While we are strongly committed to the vigorous enforcement of intellectual property rights, existing tools are not strong enough to root out the worst online pirates beyond our borders. That is why the Administration calls on all sides to work together to pass sound legislation this year that provides prosecutors and rights holders new legal tools to combat online piracy originating beyond U.S. borders while staying true to the principles outlined above in this response. We should never let criminals hide behind a hollow embrace of legitimate American values.
-Beijing Engineering University
The President’s ruling, with regards to birth control is quite simple: if you are an employer with so many employees, you must provide, as part of an overall women’s basic health package, free birth control. That’s it. It doesn’t go after religious institutions. The church can be against birth control all it wants; the federal government is not saying that it can’t. What the government IS saying is…
Includes AC power adapter.
as though the clothes they wear are simply an extension of who they are
To achieve their so called foreign policy objectives French politicians and business elite encouraged Bongo to amass wealth meant for the development of his country. France also used the entire arsenal available to her (including military and intelligence) to make sure her so called national interest was not threatened. France offered military, political and other support to Omar Bongo which effectively enabled him to remain a dominant figure for 42 years in Gabon. The French military base in Gabon for instance was not used only to protect the Bongos but was also used to gather intelligence which France used to effect regime change in her former colonies.
Hello everyone! I am so excited about this months challenge (okay, okay) I get excited about them all - ha ha! This months theme is animals, so I used Crissys stamp called Wee Snippet and Mystic. I think that this stamp is absolutel beautiful and it is available from the Whimsy store here. For more details on my card, please stop by my blog here
Suppliers back were very limited; one day I was in NYC at Myron Tobak buying supplies and there was an ad for ancient jewelry making classes in downtown Manhattan called “The Jewelry Workshop & Gallery.” It was run by Fredricka Kulicke and Joseph English. There I learned the ancient techniques of enameling, granulation and chain making. It was a fantastic school. I’ve since read on Ganoskin, in a comment by Fredricka Kulicke, that most people in the US today doing granulation either learned it at her school or at her father’s school (Robert Kulicke) or from a student of those schools.
Suzanne is a wife and mom, raiser of puppies for Guide Dogs for the Blind, and an author of Christian books, both non-fiction and fiction.
13. Nogales: 51-6 vs. Rio Rico
Not what happened. We were fine, right up to the getting diesel in NJ part, which we did in Ewing, just over the river. As we were finishing up, Nora called -- Thomas forgot his new computer! Okay, we'll go back, it's only 15 minutes, and since she's now fully awake, we'll all have breakfast at the Langhorne Cafe. But she still wants to go to 9:00 mass, so she says, I'll drive the Saab down and meet you at the diner, and we can all leave from there. Okay...but as we're pulling into the parking lot, she calls: Saab won't start! Up the hill to the house, a mile away, and sure enough, battery's dead (it was quite cold, about 15 degrees F). Get the jumpers out of the Jetta, fire it up, race around the neighborhood, turn it off, and...starts right up. Just cold? Dunno, but we decide to go back to the diner with both cars.
And it's also how the story begins for A Lancaster County Christmas, as a young family prepares for Christmas. A winter storm blows a non-Amish couple, Jaime and C.J. Fitzpatrick, off-course and into the Riehl farmhouse. An unlikely and tentative friendship develops, until the one thing Mattie and Sol hold most dear disappears and then. Ah, but you¹ll just have to read the story to find out what happens next. Without giving anything away, I will say that I want to create a Mattie-inspired margin this Christmas season. Mattie knew inconveniences and interruptions that come in the form of people (big ones and little ones!) are ordained by God. And blessed by God.
Multiple-column layouts
Screen Format: 16:9 (1.85:1)
Ever since my first trip to Italy in 1984, I've been fascinated by statuary. It's one thing to see their pictures in books. It's a completely different experience to see them in person. It's both a combination of awe and admiration that someone can create something so beautiful out of stone.
Contains: sexual innuendo, swearing, a little bit of violence
eloquently than the most flowery of words could have
That’ll be a new project, but for now, here’s the answer to the question. I am generally done with my run by the end of track 10, but the other songs are there for cool down, and the occasional 5 mile stretch.
Now, the skill and resolve of these select fighting men and those with whom they lived would be tested. The U.N. troops had them far outnumbered but, as always, the Rangers would lead the way.
So, as I was saying, in the past, I have held on to affectionless, loveless, meaningless, unfulfilling relationships because I convinced myself that if I left, I would be alone forever deemed a cat lady with only one cat, talked about for being single with no children, dogged out for not being able to keep a man, or some horrible type of succubus who sucks out the souls of men. In fear, I stayed because we only have one soulmate, right? So what if our soulmate is this person standing next to me working my last nerve? Wow!
Even when he's telling Grandma to back off.
His other novels include the New York Times bestsellers, Skeletons at the Feast, The Double Bind, Before You Know Kindness, The Law of Similars, and Midwives.
11
Luckily, school has created plenty of distractions in the form of grading and class prep. I also started a sour dough starter last week that I’m slowly babying along, and we did manage to mow the field where we’ll be married in just over two months, using the finish mower to chop down last year’s previously mowed hay in preparation for soft summer grass!
I am so excited! This past week, I reached 500 followers! I am humbled that so many of you have chosen to make me part of your crafting world. Crafting is so cathartic to me and I appreciate having an audience to share my creations with.
To trust Him is to serve Him.
As today was busy and chilly, I chose to wear Ugg boots. I know, I know. Uggs with a skirt...but my feet weren't feeling too good so that means they wanted to stay snuggled in Uggs all day. Who am I to argue with my feet?
I do however need to do some baking for my weekend away, and I think I am making a curry as well. School is back next week and I need lunch-box fillers for that as well so my kitchen will see some action but not too much at dinner time.
I hope this post finds you all in good health and enjoying the joys of the season. Don't forget to take the time to pray for those less fortunate, or those who may be spending this Christmas alone without a loved one, for the first time. Every day truly is a GIFT and we need to purpose not to take that for granted!
I have mummy truths to tell
if you happen to be one
Of course, not even an hour into the book.... when I'm hooked.... this happens.....
1. Heat your oil at high temperature
Empiricists would argue that based on social conditioning I sought a mate that held a primal attraction and due to lack of understanding of biology and Geo-political issues, we procreated and further perpetuated our miserable existence all in the name of patriarchal archetypes, and ill-planning.
Time Check: 7:45PM (Shift starts at 9) And that’s when I completely lost it. I grabbed the phone from my yaya.
The story itself was so absurd but in a fun and easy-to-grasp way that you possibly couldn’t guess what was coming next. But there is no way you could get bored reading the story either. It’s full of action and adventure and bizarre mishaps. OK, so it’s not grandly complex, but that doesn’t matter when you’re reading it. For me, Barry Hutchison has now become one of those authors that I always want to read more of, and when I get to read his books it will feel like a real luxury.
I'm trying to get to know people in the branch here, but it is a lot harder because everyone is so spread out. It's good for me though to have to make an extra effort. The closest girls to me are about a ten minute walk away. I've been putting together weekly lunches for anyone who is in Evanston (whether in school or working there) so that we can have a little more social time. It's just a small group of us, but it does give me a sense of connection to a few people.
I had a lot going on in my mind so you would think I would have had a lot to say or some great insight which i did have my own small revelations but today just seemed to be a day i was stuck in my head.
Cheaper than exotic cheese, capable of propping up even the wobbliest of table legs, use Hard Magic to change your oil, mow your lawn, mine for Bering Sea gold, or wrestle endangered pandas. Buy ten dozen copies today. Tell your friends! Tell your mom! Tell your parole officer!
From TV: MLA
Jamie Oliver has a new TV show called Jamie's Great Britain. Jamie visits Yorkshire, The Heart of England, Essex and East London, Bristol and Somerset, South Wales and Scotland and gathers together a plethora of recipes which can be found in his new book that accompanies the series called, yes you guessed it Jamie's Great Britain.
Deputy Joan Burton: ￼ ￼ You have a very low opinion of women based on your comments yesterday.
I used Cricut Cartridge Paperdoll Teen Scene, I love this one. I chose the Fairy Doll (page 31). I thought it would be a great way to Gift the dh's neice Raven, for her Birthday. She loves Fairies, so it's perfect for her...she's a Tweener too.
There was nothing else for it I had to front up to the seven,confess my misdemeanour and offer them a choice of any other puds we had in the fridge.
We had an enjoyable, low-key celebration at our house. When I say low-key, I mean inexpensive. Since Anna is at a wonderful age where she knows nothing about iPods, iPads, Mac computers or $200 shoes, we were able to cheaply satisfy her Christmas wishes. She consistently asked for the following:
To me, Kendra was the most improved of the night. Her knees are getting straighter, her posture is improving, and her hips are beginning to settle behind her ribcage, instead of being carried in front as if she was pregnant. She looked miles better tonight.
The art starts out as several pieces; first there is the initial photography for the composite. This requires several of Kari’s photos, which she blends together in the computer to create an image. Noren’s icon Lunar Tree, the great tree of Noren was crafted this way.
"A Short History of George Younger & Son Limited, Alloa, (1762 - 1925)", 1925, pages 8 - 9.
Heed the living and love the present for the realm of spirits leaves much to be attained…
*Dish wands
Today is Monday. He changed underwear twice due to two "leaks" - where he loses a few drops but then makes it to the bathroom, and he pooped in his underwear once. He has stayed completely dry at night and during nap. So, basically, he is just fine-tuning his "I feel the pee coming" and pooping in the pot skills. Totally worth the ten Hot Wheels cars it took over the weekend!
Peel the onion and chop into small pieces and set aside until needed
About the company: Ozeri is a specialty manufacturer of digital lifestyle products for the modern home. Ozeri began as a supplier to the destination club market which consists of vacations spots, timeshares, condo hotel apartments and more. Now they are for the modern home for us all to enjoy. These products are of their own pedigree for the lifestyle of luxury. They incorporate award winning designs, innovative materials, and durable construction for long product satisfaction.
Etobicoke, Port Credit and parts of North Bay were at Square One
The fact that Blackbarony, Stanhope and Dawyck were to rely on government forces garrisoned outside of Peeblesshire at Boghall to ‘apprehend the hearers and preachers’ from the conventicle only reinforces the impression of failure. The Boghall garrison was based at Boghall Castle, which lies just outside of Biggar, Lanarkshire, at the southern end of the Pentland Hills.
Back home from Scotland, a place I normally avoid for fear of being nipped by icy breezes and accosted by intoxicated natives. It was only the lure of a cultural festival featuring artists such as Miss Behave, Mrs Bang and Ms American Cougar that tempted me to venture into Haggis Territory.
What if your doctor told you, "Go everywhere that you ever wanted to see, and do it now, your time is short."
The beach and surf look beatiful from a distance. For a moment, you think to yourself that it won't be half bad - the news must be sensationalizing once again. Then, as you step ashore, there can be no denial - this is a environmental apocalypse. Birds walk along the beach as if it was just like any other day, then you notice their feathers are brown with tar. Clumps of shellfish, still alive, are stuck together with this surprisingly sticky glue-like substance.
We had quite the adventure for Christmas this year.
Castella, (or Kasutera) soft, delicate with sweet aroma, is a highly popular Japanese sponge cake, raised only by the air incorporated into the eggs and oil-free. The origin of castella is believed to have come from Portuguese merchants who introduced European sweets to Nagasaki Japan in the 16th century.
If you want to get a Windows registry clean up free, you either download software that will do it for you, or you do it yourself. If you do it yourself, you might be getting your registry clean up free, but you also might end up costing yourself money later on.
“We are all from Africa!” does not justify White GENOCIDE
We hovered above a Greek port café,
When: Tuesday, May 12th at 2:30 pm, in front of 13 Greene Avenue - near corner of Fulton Street
A couple of days later I headed out again and it was more of the same. Most road riding was perfectly fine, hardpack and soft but relatively smooth surfaces were passable. Anything involving uneven ground or an off road climb and the wheels came off the whole venture. On one track even the downhill became a problem as a three-quarter mile section of water and mud overloaded the old hydraulic rim brakes and it became ever harder to shed speed.
Why, no, I hadn’t.
So, what does one do to celebrate a Star Wars holiday? First of all, wear your favorite Star Wars t-shirt. If you've ever considered wearing a Jedi robe to work, this is the day to do it. Then send one of these very cool May the 4th e-cards to friends. After you do that, the most obvious answer is to have a marathon. Make Star Wars cookies, have friends over, have some toy lightsaber duels - you know, just another Friday night. Don't forget to make this Severed Wampa Arm cake!
Reading my horse: do I know what my horse is thinking and feeling well enough to feel safe?
How To Tell If You Watch A Bit Too Much Children's Television
Hey, one person’s junk is another person’s treasure, right?
My hubbie is home from a three week underway and I am thankful to have our family all together again. This weekend has been one of those where you can just appreciate the little moments. We had family pictures done yesterday and I hope I can share some of them soon.
Beyond that a lot of other neat stuff happens in this book. Lots of action in this one, Merit finds herself in a number of combat situations and performs admirably. The addition of the shapeshifters raised the stakes and ratcheted up the tension in this book, really driving the plot forward. So much depending on their decision to stay or leave. I continue to love the fun and witty banter between all of these wonderful characters.
The opposite also is true. If you’re winning only once in nine Rrroll Up tries, you’re due to start a little winning streak or to win a bunch, getting closer to the one-in-six they promise. At the diamond, if your favourite player starts off with just one hit in his first dozen at-bats, it’s no time to panic. If anything, expect him to start hitting in bunches to get closer to .300, which for all intents and purposes is accepted to be the Major Leagues’ absolute average (I’m not mathematician, but I’m pretty sure “absolute average” is some kind of mathematical impossibility). After that kind of start, a player needs six or seven hits in his next 12 at-bats to get close to the average. You’ll notice the SABR crowd talking about regression or the oxymoronic “positive regression” when these streaks and trends come up. Now you know what it means.
What follows is an editorial I wrote in 2004 in response to the news that India expressed concerns about Chinese plans then:
I changed the channel to Nickelodeon and the cartoons were loud. Cartoons for kids today have to catch their attention. So they must include noise and more noise, and lights and flashing lights, and music and noise and more noise. The mind has to cease thinking.
And so, me, who is finally almost free, is still a subtle slave to these two dead women. Had my mother been able to love me, and accept me, and care for me, in the way that I needed when I was 4 or 5, and every year after that, perhaps the second women, that part of myself that I am looking at today in the hopes of finally forgiving, well, she may have never come into existence. She wasn’t, my mother, able to do any of those things, and I cannot change that. She loved me very much. I know that. I was also a great disappointment to her, as well. I know that, too. More than I know that she loved me. I wasn’t smart enough, in the right way, for her, or strong enough, or whatever enough. Or, maybe, I was too much of it all, smart, strong, talented, and pretty. Maybe it was that she hated me for… Whatever the case, because of her, always cloaked in disappointment at her life, and some great internal misery none of us could reach, I have spent my life, both the parts prior to her death and after, trying to prove something to her.
Irresistible Grace:
I imagined Akbar giving audience to his subjects and dispensing justice and judgements from the Diwan-e-Aam, and discussing religion and campaigns with his aides at the Diwan-e-Khas.
"After his 80th birthday, when I gave him a copy of his long lost Rockets
Problems with my teenager.. not sure if they are typical teenage crap or something more serious.. but working on figuring it out..
My mom is convinced that AnnaMae will be an artist just like her mama. So grandma said she's going to start hoarding every scrap of her artwork like she did with me (and still tries to).
uninstall the products that depend on VRTSob before
But traditional public schools? No, I don't find them valuable at all. The problems schools solve can be solved in much better ways.
Products Mentioned:
Those in this business who ought to know take the view that very few smokers can tell the difference between brands of cigarettes if they are blindfolded. Therefore, advertising campaigns are concerned with factors other than the immediate physical characteristics of the cigarettes concerned.
He was singing to me on the radio.
Teenagers: “So are you saying we should…?”
Place 1 cake layer on a serving plate and spread a thick blanket of frosting on top. Add the second layer and spread with frosting. Add the third layer and cover the top and sides of the cake with an even layer of frosting. The cake will keep several days at room temperature.
Dolce and Gabbana's 'hot', chilli-print scarf from D&G's Spring 2012 collection. (Sorry, but the pun was there waiting to be exploited!) This print is so different, I can't help but like it. It almost looks like the little chillies are marching across the scarf. The image may be D&G but the colour is VERY Hermés.
Hooray for life that offers textured trees and the expression of the artist's eye!
I try to be very conscious of those days and make reserves for the rainy days that are bound to come now and then.
“She does,” Father shot back a decidedly disapproving glance at mother. “Do what you like, but be careful. There are men on these roads that would ransom you or worse if they realized you were here alone. Unless you plan on using your miracles to kill people it will do you no good against the likes of them.”
Now add your egg and cheese mixture and toss well. Season with pepper. Garnish with the remaining freshly grated cheese. Serve immediately!
Of course, this fictional conversation is purely hypothetical. I would never endorse disrespect or incivility. We have to take the moral high ground in that respect. Actions speak louder than words. At the same time, however, this is an accurate reflection of the illogical arguments made by the Left who accuse conservatives of being afraid of everyone with whom they disagree. Conservatives must learn out to show the inconsistencies of the Left’s arguments. We must learn to expose the hypocrisy. We must stand up to the name-calling, lies, and slander against our fellow patriots in liberty.
One local man - Michael Forbes - has stood up to Trump from day one and refuses to budge from what has been his family home for decades. Trump's plans for his hotel have been thwarted thus far and his on-going and very public battle with Mr Forbes has seen Trump describe him as 'the village idiot'. Whatever your view on Mr Forbes, one can't but help admire him for standing up to Trump and just not letting him get his own way.
I know there has been a lot of drama involving these polishes, and recently someone duped CTD and is selling it, but I have tried staying out of it! CTD is a unique black and white glitter layering polish. There are black and white bar glitters, large black hex, med. black and white hex, small round black and white, small square black, micro black and white, and an even more micro shimmer. It looks great over just about any polish, but I wanted to use one of the others I got in the mail this past week.
Five individuals whose success story best exemplifies WRP’s mission will be selected from those who apply. Those who are chosen will be interviewed and photographed Wednesday, May 9 at the U.S. Department of Labor’s Washington, D.C. headquarters. We will confirm a time for each session.
Heat up the wok again and saute the chopped garlic for 10 to 15 seconds. Push the garlic to aside and crack in the eggs, when the eggs are half set give it a scramble then add in the noodles and mix well. Stir fry the mixture on high heat for a minute or two.
Don't be afraid of your product
As far as your parenting skills, all I can say is that you already have your own ways with your 3 year old. You won’t know how he acts as a parent until you introduce him to your current child. Basically, tread lightly with this. What I mean is to explain to him your methods and ask if he has any suggestions. Your child is already acclimated to your ways and might rebel against him, if he isn’t consistent with your forms of discipline. Talk to him about what you do with your child and give it a trial run. The worst thing is not to give him a chance to show that he can take care of business in that department. If it doesn’t work out with him being a disciplinarian, then I suggest you handle your 3 year old and start fresh with the new baby.
Robbie Williams
Yoooo JOE! (20)
this isn't an excuse, but it is a reality of our jobs
there really isn't anything even remotely like this on
So, have a nice weekend. It's fucking Friday, and I couldn't care less. THE END.
Bill is so proud of you or he couldn't say all the nice things he said at the Sheraton. You can tell by the kids they are in a loving home. It meant so much to Edna that day when Zachary said, 'I love you.' She comments about that often.
How can life “get better” if the role model for a better life is so filled with anger, so bitter and hurtful to others?
But my mother may have had a point, snow brought with it a cold that would seep into each and every corner of the house, and you either embraced it or you fought it. And to fight against such a force is futile. But what does remain is the abiding sense of surprise that can come from a warm house on a cold night.
Huh?!?
And you will weep
Is much more a direct descendent
Here are my creations:
~ Professor Elemental
So does that mean that we are the last ones to find meaning in one another?
He cannot be any material being present within the universe, because His must be a will that existed before the universe and created the universe therewith. The Almighty Creator is One in Whom everything finds existence, yet Whose existence is without any beginning or end.
Note 3: I'm reading the book in ebook format. I don't have reliable page numbers for excerpts I use below. At some point I'll get a hard copy and add page numbers.
The reason Joshua became a star is because Moses laid his hands on him, that is why tonight as we lay hands on all out children, even if they were not starts before they will become a star.
Maggie had a dinner meeting tonight, so I had dinner alone, then Will and I enjoyed a video chat using Skype with my parents, who are visiting my uncle and his family in Illinois. It was nice to see them all and they commented on how big Will's getting, how expressive his face was, and how red his hair looked. All while he wiggled and squirmed on my lap. He didn't nap today and spent much of last night awake, kicking his legs, laughing, squealing, and generally having a good time (but keeping Maggie at least semi-awake). I expected him to sleep in the car on the way home, during his afternoon snack, or any time this evening, but no. He finally started to melt just before Maggie got home, so I stopped the chat, got Will ready for bed, and once he and Maggie were settled, she and I reconnected for a little while before relaxing with tea and television.
How far along? 16 Weeks
hammocks
I have this version of the necklace in the resin version and I absolutely HEART this necklace! I wear it ALL the time.. it's amazing how it spruces up even just a simple black or white tee!
So - feel free to make this appear on the Android market or the appstore. And who knows, it might be there already.
I'm rolling out some new classes (Zentangle Organics at Morris Arboretum) and some new locations (Cambridge, MD and Wallingford, PA) and some new tricks and techniques (sign up and see!).
€0.50 - 1 roll kitchen paper (mopping-up purposes)
four weeks of intensive study, teaching for a few hours a week for the first time in my life and cramming every other spare second into assignments and trying to understand the formation of my own language!
nitya-siddha kṛṣṇa-bhakti ‘sādhya’ kabhu naya
Hope everyone is enjoying their summer! I know we all are here. And welcome our new son to the hobby. He's stuck now!! I mean, these he can kind of play with. True, as you can see he still looks at the keys, but COME ON, he's only 7 months old for cripes sakes! The golf clubs he can't use yet. Yet. Golf clubs? Those in the background there, in my office where this was taken. What are they? Well, now that you ask.........oh we need another blog!
And it just got more mysterious.
Definition of terms
GestionProductos example = new GestionProductos();
This is Africa, so why be clement when there is a very real possibility of having the whole pie – all to yourself! Face it, South Africa is a de facto one-party state; Africa at its ignoble best! So you play the disillusioned masses, like Zuma, the unions and the ANC Youth League are doing, by promising them all they’ve ever seen on TV (e.g. rich farms, easy jobs, wagonloads of money), till the gout-ridden powers that be are forced to invite you to share in their feast lest you threaten the status quo that sustains their lordship over all they survey.
Tomorrow, after the Grand Prix, I’ll actually set the tracking!
41Not by all the people, but by witnesses marked out before by God, even by us, who took food and drink with him after he came back from the dead.
Ok folks, another snackage that I came up with. The pictures aren't so hot, but you get the idea. The kids came home today from school: "We're hungggry and there's no snacks." Not proper English, but you get the point as did I. I've committed to paying off any new charges on the credit cards every month so that there aren't any carry over balances, which means no grocery shopping until the next statement cycle comes up. This translates into the Pantry Principle: I'm going to use up as much of the stuff in my pantry/fridge/freezer as I can before going shopping again. This is good, because some of this stuff hasn't seen the light of day since I bought it, or it's been lingering in limbo - half used/half eaten and just hanging out in the aforementioned locations.
Cruelty is not acceptable at any time nor is it necessary.
As Washington has been killing large numbers of Pakistani civilians with drones and has forced the Pakistani army to hunt for Al Qaeda throughout most of Pakistan, producing tens of thousands or more of dislocated Pakistanis in the process, Sen. Graham must have something larger in mind.
My perception of kids has allowed me to have a somewhat unbias thought on procreation, and I have come to the conclusion that adding one more kiddo on Earth will cause an exponential increase in population over the following years. Oops, that got a bit sciency, haha!
Now we have to sell our home and move to a new and unknown area (while pregnant).. However, God is good with us since my husband has a great job that he is wanted for his skills, his knowledge and his work ethics. His employer will help with a "relocation package" but in all, it will be hard to leave something you know to the unknown, people you love dearly, your children love dearly to the unknown.
Of Glory’s wreath and Pleasure’s flower.
The fourth…well..where should I start? She has eyes like saucers, wispy, fair hair that looks like an explosion in a mattress factory and she’s quite, quite mad. Now THAT’s worrying.
The Adoration of Jenna Fox by Mary E. Pearson - Took much longer to get through than it should have. I didn't love it.
I painted the frieze with 2 coats of my ceiling paint, regular latex paint from the hardware store, and then I painted all the detail with Ceramcoat Metallic Gold paint and the finest brush I could get at the art supply store. I used a different bruch on each piece as the bristles got used. This step took about 4 hours per 18 inch molding strip, but it was worth it!
Notably, this case is being heard by the Texas Supreme Court instead of the Court of Criminal Appeals because Arena was convicted as a juvenile. That's important because civil courts generally have much more rigorous standards for scientific evidence, in part because both sides in civil litigation have money to routinely hire experts. By contrast, in most criminal cases the prosecution has most if not all of the access to lab resources and forensic expertise unless the defendant pays for it or a judge orders it. These are judges who're used to seeing science in the courtroom held to much higher standards than their counterparts on the Court of Criminal Appeals, and Lindell's account of oral arguments in Arena's case shows the Abel Assessment is getting a more skeptical reception from the Texas Supreme Court than junk science sometimes receives from Judge Keller and Co. on the other side of the building.
Has taken her last bow
Thursday. Had to be in Vienna, Virginia, by 10 AM to lead a discussion for the "Writing Your Personal History" symposium. Made it by 10:03. Was so busy signing books at the lunch break that I ate my embarrassingly fragrant basil-chicken with a plastic fork while hunkered down against a wall during the next presenter's talk. Dashed to my folks' house nearby so I could take a 3 PM conference call for being a judge at this year's Poetry Out Loud semifinals. Alice Quinn recited her office number over the line and I resisted the urge to jot it down. Another phone call that resurrected my hope in the New York Times gig. Sat on the deck with my mom and tried, helplessly and haphazardly, to catch up. Drove on to DC just in time to catch Philip Levine give his closing address as Poet Laureate at the Library of Congress. Waved to Ron Charles of the Washington Post. He didn't recognize me until I teased him about it over Twitter the next day.
16. Every fowl feed pon he own craw. Everybody has to learn and find out what is good for himself or herself.
Here are some useful tips from Australian designers for men's fashion based on the event:
I don't do small talk in the vid...i tried to talk as little as possible..and spoke very 'matter of factly' haha
Cast: Christopher Lee, Dennis Waterman, Jenny Hanley, Christopher Matthews, Patrick Troughton, Michael Gwynn, Michael Ripper, Wendy Hamilton, Anouska Hempel
One year ago today, I caught a glimpse of a little baby girl named Sofia (2) who had Down syndrome and a face that permanently touched my heart.
Add dressing. ENJOY!
I’m not going to sugar-coat this one: movies like Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close make me want to not watch movies anymore. It’s such a transparently obvious Oscar-bait film that it enrages and frustrates me no end. There are great stories to be told, and remarkably inventive ways to tell them, even ones that touch on such tragic events as 9/11, but this is not the way to tell them. For further examples of this, see Remember Me. Actually, don’t. Movies that use 9/11 as a tragic plot device should not be allowed to be made, let alone seen.
