Register today by selecting the red “REGISTER” button below.
Now for my lo mumber two:
who else can upgrade their boobies for free?!
Choi Minho
Till meditation master all its parts,
I have been neglecting you out of my own hesitation to dedicate my efforts to finishing the Spirit Lake story. I do intend to conclude the Daggett Peak blog. You will be stunned!!! But it takes a lot of work, so I may slip in a few random blogs between and when I finally do post everyone can enjoy the experience of going back to read them all together! At least I hope they will enjoy it.
10 51st State
Passages examines how text is used in contemporary art practice. The curator has created a reading room of ephemera including text based artworks, critical writings, essays, zines and journal pages from selected artists. Here are the details:
evanhamilton Actions vs views. Length of time since last sign in. Number of actions per visit. Interactions with other members
Meanwhile, the Sofitel in Manhattan (where the one-time IMF boss is suspected of sexually assaulting Diallo) is providing its housekeeping employees with alternative uniforms in response to the alleged incident.
Motorist Caution
One taste and I was a believer. They are smart to trumpet the "20 hour tonkotsu" as their slogan - you can really taste the love that went into this in the amazing, rich pork-packed broth. And I devoured on sight, the luscious tender chashu, counterbalanced by crispy pork skin, tempered by a delicious egg with soft, creamy yolk. And the embellishments of two crisp, toasted sheets of nori. My only note is that I found the noodles just ever so slightly too chewy for my taste - I still prefer the more malleable noodles at Ramen Jinya.
Emotions, pressing in from all sides.
Rock Seen by Bob Gruen Abrams Books
Payeh Bileh is one of Aceh style side dishes that is made from anchovies and spice up with numbers different herbs before wrapping them in banana leaves. There are many other different kinds name of pepes in Indonesia depend on the area. Pepes is a cooking technique employing banana leaf for wrapping and widely use in Indonesia. Brengkesan in Javanese, Brengkes in South Sumatra, Pais in Sundanese, Palai in Minangkabau, and Payeh in Acehnese.
Email entries are welcome. Email using the Contact Button and they'll be popped into the post for you and can I ask you again to PLEASE, please turn off your word verification if you don't mind. It's very time consuming making comments and it really does make like easier for us without it. Thanks.
For more information of teo jakob, please check out their website: www.teojakob.ch
4. Nominate those 15 bloggers for the Versatile Blogger Award — you might include a link to this site.
Rocket Math (Free)
Forest and Tree Press will work toward publication of its first writing “Letters from the Earth”.
He says, "All I got is thirty".
Remove the stalks from the mushrooms and finely chop. Fry gently in olive oil with the onion, pepper and pancetta until vegetables are soft. Stir in breadcrumbs and rosemary.
Above obiter dictum seems to suggest that disclosing the identity of business user who infringes upon somebodies rights is always alright. Disclosing the identity of non-business infringers (or ordering measures making it easier) was left unanswered. The Court of Justice only pointed out the need for the fair balance. Huťko believes that Bonnier Audio C-461/10 may shed some more light on this, so important issue. See e.g. current opinion of the Polish Supreme Court in its new case IV CSK 665/10 (the case was reported by Tomasz Rychlicki here).
Upon inspection of these figures, here's what I note:
responsible for so much strife and destablization of country’s and
Here is my creation for this challenge:
“Move-” Addison was not in the mood for any drama and she didn’t want those girls anywhere near her. ”-it.” Raising her leg and planting a swift kick in the woman’s stomach, Addison kicked her harder than was necessary to make her move, the woman falling to the floor.
EVEN EASIER: Trader Joe's sells 32 oz cans of Marinara Sauce which I was shocked to find is pretty decent tasting. Actually, they sell several different kinds - look for the kind that has the shortest ingredient list (it's impressively short).
I think after the wedding I'll post some stories of the crazy things that have happened recently. As for now, today is our aufruf (Jewish tradition of reading a blessing for the Torah before your wedding) then I'm heading to my parents for the night and getting mani-pedis with my sisters, possibly getting massages too!
the silent city
1. Fandangle (Williams)
I do not usually share my personal life on my blog (as some of my regular readers might be able to tell). Nothing about my mom and dad, siblings, cousins, significant others…which might make my posts a bit impersonal (???) But last night, my mom invited my dad to dinner, but he was running late due to work. So instead of going out for a late meal, I cancelled the reservation at a Greek restaurant and bought sushi to eat at home instead. Sometimes it is more comfortable to dine at home, especially with take-out. You do not have to worry about getting home late, no strangers around you, and well, you are right at home, so no travelling time after eating. I bought some authentic sushi for my parents as their dinner and also gathered a large bowl of salad for myself. I dressed it with carrot ginger honey dressing. It tasted very healthy, but also flavorful because I only used natural ingredients, so no frustose or other artificial flavorings. It came out a bit chunky, so next time, I will definitely incorporate more olive oil to smooth out the texture.
Well I am the very vision of a walking fashion faux pas today. That’s okay…I never was a fashionista…and while I have gotten a bit better at dressing myself, I wonder sometimes what goes through my head when I am packing up my gym bag before bed. I am wearing light coloured clothing that is actually a bit too big…but very comfortable and for whatever reason I brought black socks with my black flats.
It's been rainy and chilly the past couple of weeks, then starting yesterday we have gone straight into summer weather.
“Building a partnership like this takes a lot of hard work and I commend Mr. Rupp for his focus on finding this opportunity for students,” said Nina Randall, executive director of Partners In Education (PIE), a local non-profit that has helped develop thousands of school/business partnership. “At PIE we strive every day to help Broward County Public Schools learn how to develop these important relationships with the community and I am proud to see Seminole Middle take the initiative in creating this partnership with the West Broward Bar.”
1. Your business shows up on Google. They don't adjust or change your rankings, but you get to highlight when you are on Google. With Yelp, you have to hope that Yelp's SEO will get your Yelp page ranked high on the first page. And well, Yelp business pages aren't getting as high as they used to. There were some Yelp business pages that I couldn't find on Google. However, Yelp talk threads are still highly ranked. Like really highly ranked.
As we gear up for fall there is a lot that has to be done on the farm. It is time for the winter wheat crop to be drilled and corn harvest has started as of yesterday. BUSY BUSY BUSY!!!!!!. I love fall and cooler temperatures....although yesterday it was 94 degrees here and it felt more like wheat harvest than corn harvest.
Pour into two small buttered loaf pans, or one big one. Bake at 300 for about one hour, until the top is perfectly golden.
Where do you think they spend all their time, though? In the dark underneath their top storey.
When two white newspaper reporters for the Virginian-Pilot were driving through Norfolk, and were set upon and beaten by a mob of young blacks -- beaten so badly that they had to take a week off from work -- that might seem to have been news that should have been reported, at least by their own newspaper. But it wasn't.
If you find it hard to make the hole with the wire, you can use a large sewing needle.
Panic: After post office, I decided to treat myself to lunch, then go to Deep Eddy Pool for a dip. I wasn't feeling very active so decided against the Enchanted Rock experience, Aunt Flo coming for her visit on my birthday and I was kind of cranky, crampy and hot. So, on my way to Shady Grove Restaurant (where I was craving a fried chicken salad with honey mustard dressing) something, um, odd happened with the car. Did I mention I am driving an Audi my brother lent me? It's an older model, with a 225,000 miles on it, thought it runs great and has great power. Anyhow, as I drove down Lamar almost to Barton Springs road, acrid, acidic SMOKE came pouring out of the dashboard. Um,...whafuck? Eek! Fire fire fire!!!!!!!
It was a navigation day, but they organized a big elegant welcome cocktail and dinner with the capitain. I had the opportunity to wear my new necklace. ** (I bought it after the Swarovski fashion show in the afternoon)
Not too long ago, we reported that a “fashion concert” by the title, ‘K-Collection in Seoul’ took place featuring stars such as Big Bang, 2AM, IU, MBLAQ, Tiger JK, INFINITE, SECRET, Nine Muses, Girls’ Generation, T-ara, miss A, and more.
GIIP recognizes the growing demand of patent and related services globally and also the growing need for qualified & trained patent professionals, agents and IP litigation attorneys in India.
3/18/12 I am thankful for
You squeeze it like blood from your tenants.
NICHOL KL. Cost-benefit analysis of a strategy to vaccinated healthy working adults against influenza. Arch Intern Med 2001; 161: 749-759.
Special Offers from NNM Enterprises:
It’s a red that is glam but isn’t garish, it’s a lot more wearable and less drying than some other high-end brands I’ve tried. The contrast between my fair skin and light eyes, really made this a winner.
It was way past clocking off time and way past your bedtime when we sang and played the last notes. Safe to say though that through the headphones I think we have some real class on our hands with this batch of songs. Once we get some rough mixes we'll even make them available for preview on www.myspace.com/magicshipband and the music player on this site.
Once you have a name, even if you can’t find a phone number or e-mail, you can probably take an educated stab at one. Use a site like E-mail Format to help you out. And in your e-mail, be sure to explain clearly, concisely, and logically why your request ought to be honored.
THE FALL OF THE GODS?
Today's blog entry is going to be wordy and long. If you are the sort of person who hates reading and would rather be looking at pictures, then well... if you scroll down a little there is a photo of me with hipster glasses photoshopped on me. Also, I'd advise you to not procreate.
Height: 21.5 in (43%)
It was a brilliant concept by a northern king to spread religion by secular means.
Think though, that he enjoyed it, for what little time we spent there. Very nice couple. Beautiful home. Cozy accommodations. Great breakfast. Couple cats and a dog roaming the house. Makes us feel right at home. (Although their dog and cats appear much better behaved than mine, so not quite the same, but close.)
And it is All Souls’ Night,
--less than one-third the office space.
Novel Teen is a group of bloggers dedicated to spreading the word about clean teen fiction. Check out other posts about Replication: The Jason Experiment by Jill Williamson by clicking on the links below, and check out the Team Novel Teen page for more information about Team Novel Teen.
We went on a 10 day trip to visit family and I'm just starting to feel recovered from the traveling.
You look horny to meet me.
Laylat al hinna,is the day before wedding (or two days before wedding), where the bride celebrate with her family ,relatives and friends , and it's from our traditions to put hinna in little figure for the bride and groom (the bride can wash it immediately if she doesn't like the orange color), and then the bride put hinna for everyone
By the time Mr. Man and Baby Guy awoke from their naps, the girls were already outside playing. While yesterday started out rainy and cool, the midafternoon hours brought increasing sunlight and a notable lack of wet stuff falling from the sky. Mr. Man decided to stay inside so he could supervise my dinner preparations and see how many toys he and Baby Guy could fit on the living room rug, instead of joining his sisters outside. When I sat down on the loveseat to catch up on Words With Friends, he sidled up to me, pointed at the tiles, and advised me of the point value of each. “Thas a E. Thas a one. Thas a N. Thas a two.” Suddenly, figuring out what word I would play next wasn’t nearly as interesting as seeing Mr. Man puzzle his way through each letter and number. He also helpfully informed me, with regard to the shape of the tiles, “Thas square!”
No reasonable person can claim the $447-billion American Jobs Act President Barack Obama proposed Thursday night represents an unwarranted federal intrusion in the nation’s economy, although many of Obama’s Republican critics undoubtedly will.
We've all experienced loss in our lives, and loss of any kind breeds insecurity.
I had also gotten in the habit of getting a 3 scoop turtle sundae from Culvers. I reasoned it wasn't soooo horrible because I was eating fish for dinner. Haha. Wow. That is such pathetic thinking. Yesterday I wanted a sundae soooo bad. I almost started driving that way. But I resisted. I went home and had a protein shake. I was pissy, mad, irritated, and unsatisfied. I couldn't stop obsessing about the stupid sundae! I even had hubby pick up fish from Culvers in hopes that he would get my usual sundae for me. He didn't. And I am GLAD he didn't. He stuck to our plan of support. I am proud of him. And I am proud of me.
9. Where do you see your shop in 5 years?
“an action thriller told at a blistering pace that reminded me of one of my favourite films, Total Recall”
These new board members with their new mandate (and the support of the community) tried to move forward change through hiring a reform-minded superintendent. It was a rocky start with quick turnover in the late ’90s. Then the board hired Beverly Hall to serve and implement their vision. Back then, the vision statement of the district puzzled me when I was in the classroom: One system, one focus… student success.
1) I made exercise my priority - I incorporated a ton more cardio into my usual lackluster fitness routine. I started doing intervals of running and walking on the power line trail near my house. It is literally a trail cut through the woods so a power line can run across the hill so I walked from my road to the first electric pole, jogged from the first to the second, walked from the second to the third, and so on. I am by no means athletic, and certainly am not a runner, but this was a great start! Guess who also really enjoyed it?
It found the number of people who say they speak Welsh fluently is approximately 300,000.
You have to love the clovers!
Last Christmas was not joyous. It was lonely and sad. My stepfather had just died, and my mom was depressed and alone. I didn't have enough time off at work to go home to be with my mom, so I spent Christmas eve with a work friend eating popcorn, getting wasted drinking wine and watching DVDs.
For those late into the game, the plan is ingenious – but very bad for EU taxpayers. Basically, if the banks agree to strict new eurobanking rules, higher minimal capital defences, (and importantly, call off the markets) the eurozone authorities will forgive ClubMed debt, and pay the banks back in lieu.
Regardless of the outcome in Georgia, it appears that Obama has openly shown his disregard for the laws of that state. According to Irion, Obama has also “decided that he is above the Courts, the law, and the Constitution. He has just indicated…that he is not subject to their authority. This is the true story from today, yet almost no one will report it.”
www.eytt.org
Comment: Disgraces the Office of President by labeling Senate sessions as a "gimmick" (Art I Sec 5 Clauses 1, 2 & 4)
Repeated twitching on the left side of the male body portends ill fortune. I have heard that for women it is the right side which is inauspicious. The opposite sides for each gender portend good fortune.
Miss Thing, one of them once said,
The claims for his second four-year term from 2004 are likely to dent his self-styled ‘man of the people’ image, revealing extravagance closer to the lifestyle of a jet-setting executive.
And now I keep finding them!
But what about the other side of this equation? Does Philly want New Belgium? I suspect our local brewers -- several of whom make a good living doing just what New Belgium does -- would not necessarily be up for that, but...if I were a local politician, if I were a local business owner, if I were a taxpayer?
Next I made the trip into the house with the grates, and after a half hour of scrubbing I got those clean along with the covers for the burners. And, I put the pieces back where they belonged.
Of course, we've heard most of this nonsense a thousand times before so there's really nothing new here. The thing that makes it curious, though, is that it comes from the ceo of an ad agency. As the ceo of an agency myself, I have always foolishly believed that what we overfed ad honchos are getting paid for is...
A disappointment
Femi Aribisala, international affairs scholar-turned pastor, dissected the Bible the way editors for learned publications dissect submissions. If he did not insist that he is a born-again Christian, he could easily pass for a disciple of Robert Ingersoll, the celebrated agnostic.
It's barely one letter to go from N.E. Flanders to Ned Flanders. Other characters with street-based names: Milhouse Van Houten, Reverend Lovejoy, Bob Terwilliger aka Sideshow Bob, Kearney the bully, and Mayor Quimby. Mr. Burns' name is an amalgam of Montgomery Park (which used to be the Montgomery Ward offices) and Burnside street. Not mentioned in the article is Homer's half-brother Herb Powell (played by Danny DeVito). He could have been named after Powell boulevard.
3. The human species has therefore experienced more genetic change over the past 10,000 years than over the previous million years. This change has particularly involved genes for mental, behavioral, and life-history traits (Frost, 2011; Hawks et al., 2007).
When she couldn't come up with the answer herself, as she couldn't remember the question, she didn't panic. Somehow she knew no one would check, no one would sneak a choked laugh like they were doing to Sean as he blurted out staccato phrases of confusion. She scratched mindlessly on her notepad, too clumsy to draw a real shape, too distracted to write verses, and too afraid to pound on the paper as her heart pound into her chest walls, noiselessly but pounding nonetheless.
for I shall already have forgotten you.
When I woke up this morning,
in my smothering embrace.
So much for modern medicine. And the doctors wonder why I question them all the time. Jeez.
Probably not. Definitely not. So why try to make their life more difficult.
yes yes, everyone is saying it, but portland is really starting to feel like fall.
No thank you. This kind of abrupt statement is akin to a rhetorical question. It's not the most effective way to open a query letter. For starters, I don't have a wife or a young child. While I can certainly read books featuring heroes who have those stakes, the reason I care about the wife and child is because I am sympathetic with the hero, NOT because I have a wife and child. There's a big difference.
I don't think buying a malt kiln counts as evidence of brewing. I feel much more comfortable as 1764, though the title of brewer still isn't solid proof that George was actually brewing then. The Meadow Brewery, even a century later, wasn't huge. As this map from the 1860's shows:
They all worked together and were very successful. They were so responsible and took their job very seriously. Most of the Leaders were grade fours. I wondered how many of them had regular chores at home. I do not think a lot of them do. We all get such a sense of satisfaction from helping and doing a job well. Students need opportunities to feel this way too. Teachers give students jobs to help the classrooms run more smoothly, and this responsibility is so important. To build on that, we have Student Leadership opportunities to support students in developing a sense of social responsibility and citizenship outside of the classroom, at the school and even on a global level.
I am the lover’s gift; I am the wedding wreath;
So start creating that world, getting those idea juices flowing and keep writing!
The stories feature many local places including Rosemarkie, Eathie Glen near Cromarty, Kintail, Loch Ness and Stratherrick.
fuck you
4 thus
So there you have it in two years I went from having a crush to having his baby and I don't regret a minute of it. Let me tell you I sure do love this guy. I don't know anyone like him. Even though he's sweet and the most loving husband and father I've ever met. Even though he's brave and kind and smart and wonderful.
There will be hops available, however you must keep in mind that it may not be the hop that you normally use. I have been talking about a shortage in the making for the last couple of years. Even though I have stated this, I still am taken aback at how great this shortage appears to be. I also see the potential for this to last for a few years, as so many acres have been pulled out, around the world, due to poor prices in the past."
Place flattened pieces on a greased cookie sheet, cover and let rise again for another half-hour.
I'm not sure how easy cappuccino chips are to find, though I was able to grab a bag at my local speciality shop. If you can't find any, just substitute chocolate chips for an extra chocolate-y cookie.
Sadly, a strong storm recently washed this gorgeous dock away.
Article by Peter Marsh
How much do you want to just curl up into that little cave of coziness in the second picture? I think I can actually do this. I have a futon mattress. Just need some big ol’ pillows to make it complete.
As I’ve discussed before, preventing someone from having the security of tenure after seven years of input into the economy does an injustice to the worker and has created a false economy for property because it forced those who were to be rolled over and thus leave the island to sell their property. It also stopped people from buying who would have liked to invest but did not want to take the risk, should they be required to leave.
Do you use Twitter already? Any unanswered questions? Please add to this discussion!
Saturday’s Launch Party was the first in a series of events that will build up to Bikini Under the Bridge 2012 to be held on July 8, 2012. Bikini Under the Bridge is a premier, annual swimwear fashion extravaganza that attracts models and designers from across the world.
I think Topps needs competition. Something to make then push themselves for a better product. I think the law suit will end up biting them in the rear end. I like Topps, but I still that it was a boneheaded move to sue. Yea, a little late in expressing my opinion, but better late than never.
Christine Mackay – who had been told the youth was well-behaved – lost four pints of blood after being savagely attacked with a kitchen knife as she slept.
What is your favorite cake or frosting?
RON: Tiles escape me, but I really liked the works of Barry Reese, Thomas Deja, Derrick Ferguson and Tommy Hancock. Editor’s Note: Those stories would be “Desolation,” “Thunder Pursued,” “Storms of Blood and Snow,” and “West of Fort Smith.”
Abby must've caught on too, because she linked her arm through his and rested her head on his shoulder. "You'll come too, right?"
I love the redo I did in my master bedroom last summer? There’s nothing like waking up in the morning and smiling at the soothing paint color on the wall (okay – there are better, more meaningful joys in life…but you know what I mean…hopefully).
75. Nice boots, want a meaningful relationship?
But first, Sunday Stealing.
- As wild as a puckawn (A puckawn is a goat)
Meet Jenny and Laura. They were my photography students on Saturday!
DUKE: It just isn't fair. Oh, Ciggs is right. I'm never gonna get out of here!
Players tend to get frustrated and bored if they don't know where to look and fail advancing the story.
All the way down here, butterflies kept flying right past my car. Not until about the 20th one did I realize, "Wow! There are a lot of butterflies out today!" LOL! Then it hit me ... they were from God :). I asked for an angelic escort when I got in the car ... I got one. I lost count at around 50 during the four and a half hour trip. Seriously...it was amazing.
"It's impossible to discount Pluto. Pluto has a very powerful influence on every individual life and on the planet (what did you all do before 1930, then?!)," said Patricia St. James, 69, an astrologer who does psychic readings at Temecula's Lady of the Lake, a new-age gift store. "The way astrology is set up to be read, it's in a circle with the sun at the center and the planets go around the sun (thank fuck, you've actually heard of this thing called astronomy, then). In every individual's chart, there is a segment that is ruled by Pluto," she said. "If we take Pluto out of the equation, how are we going to read that chart?" (uh, the same way you did before 1930, or back in the day when astronomers only thought there were 5 planets?)
bringing happiness into your day
A Facebook friend said it best: “I think now I have met the Antichrist and seen his evil works. Satan has disguised himself as Christians in Humboldt County.”
I remember the first time I ever witnessed this at the impressionable age of seventeen. I especially remember what popped into my head: "Wow. Looks like he's trying to eat her face. He must not like his frog's legs." (It was my first night in Grenoble and my host family had offered me Cow Brains or Frogs Legs... how very generous of them, non?)
“They’re trying to escape.”
The ice cubes melted in my whiskey, clinking against the tumbler. The room smelled of sex, silence, and empty words. Marianne and I made love throughout the night; each time, she pleaded with me to give her a Kano baby. Maganda diba, she exclaimed. A small remembrance…
On that January night in Los Angeles, Eddie Edwards made Jeremy Buck tap out to the Achilles Lock and that loss has eaten up GenMe for months now. “We know in our hearts that we’re better than The American Wolves,” said Jeremy. “We know we can beat Eddie and Davey, and we know July 23rd will be our night.” Max added, “We have kept our eyes on Ring of Honor. We know Eddie and Davey have been wrapped up in their individual pursuits as of late and I know my brother and I have elevated our skills as a team to a whole new level. We are better than ever, and in St. Louis – Davey Richards’ adopted hometown mind you – we will prove that these young bucks, Generation Me, has always been the better team.”
Injuries and a sky-blue juggernaut led Ferguson to abandon plans for not just the new-school of passer and mover but the entire game-plan. The favourite midfield pairing has been Scholes and Carrick – two passers. The latter has started the last 24 league games whilst Scholes has missed only one game altogether – the 1-0 defeat at Wigan.
Five meals that someone else brings (like poutine).
After the war, a sense of shame at our past and achievements became widespread amongst the intelligentsia, and led to an ineluctable weakening of our national identity. Our elites began wittingly and unwittingly to dismantle the very idea of England. Social engineering started to be used in architecture and planning as much as in education and entertainment. Its aim was to change the physical and mental environment, and thereby change people, who were seen as plastic and malleable. The theory was that planned council estates could change people for the better.
I) St Valentine was most probably
June.
Another day, another New York Times story that you wish wasn’t true. And yet, it seems pretty solid: The sale of picture books for kids in going down, and the reasons range from the fact that they’re high priced (which makes some sense) to the idea that kids should be reading chapter books sooner rather than later (which makes no sense at all).
by Jodi Meadows
“…surround yourself with people who make you feel good without having to hear constant criticism or forced affirmations.”
‘virile, precise and absolutely certain’
Here are a few of my favorite living rooms:
~Set this finished fruit salad aside; while you make the fruit dip. ~Carefully fold the Vanilla and Cinnamon into the Cool Whip (being carefull not to overmix). ~This can then be folded into the fruit salad, as a dressing (*best if you plan to srve the salad within the hour...otherwise, save this step untill right before serving*); or can be served alongside of the salad, as a fruit dip. It is *delicious* both ways. This is a definite party pleaser- and people are sure to ask you for the fruit dip/dressing recipe!
I used Flourishes "Clematis & Butterflies" butterfly stamp, stamped in Memento "Desert Sand" ink and colored in with Tombows. I used: 243,451,373,990.
Why do so many people ‘hate’ the Human Rights Act (and, of course the Convention)? I haven’t a clue – other than hatred of it whipped up tabloids concentrating on the more bizarre aspects and anomalies – which, is a minority of applications of the laws in daily practice. Abuse of the Act and the more insane political correctness aspects can be addressed – but do we really want to go back to a pre European Convention law structure?
There’s a welcome outbreak of fighting spirit in the February edition of the CAMRA newsletter What’s Brewing from Chris Holmes, a former national chairman of the organisation and retiring chairman of Castle Rock Brewery.
6/14/10 Email Message
Overnight I heard from Spain is that the wing will be allowed for this race, but a clarification from the FIA ill ban this interpretation for future races. However this morning conflicting stories are emerging. Andrew Benson from the BBC reports “Ferrari have been told they cannot run their “clever” new rear wing design – it exploited a loophole in the regs to do with overall height” (@andrewbensonf1).
So I say forget the rain. I focus instead on enhancing my baking skills. I've said before how I wish to bake my own goodies this year for Christmas. I started with some Chocolate Chip Cookies. I've learnt the basics and am happy. This week I tried something else.
The aroma has an unmistakably sweet cherry syrup smell. A little cinnamon and spice as well, mixed with an all around cherry and apple crumble aroma. The body is slightly thin and watery but the flavour is just right. Some coffee and dark malt roasted bitterness, a little marzipan and almond flavour with a slight dairy milk sweetness. The finish is short and sweet with a big (big) cherry flavour, which leaves the mouth dry and wanting more. It's a perfectly acceptable beer, and a really interesting take on a Mild, I usually find Milds a little boring - and this one manages to make an intriguing style and concept. If I was Dunham though, I would try make this into a stout - say about 6/7% with the cherries.
4) Just because an agent asks for more material doesn’t mean they’re about to sign you.
While we may be in prime hockey playoffs season and am living in beautiful Montreal for the summer, I am not talking about the Habs. I am talking about smoked meat. That’s right, delicious smoked meat. And not just any smoked meat, we’re talking Schwartz’s. For those of you who know and love it, you know exactly what I am talking about. For those of you that don’t, I suggest swinging by for a visit next time you’re in Montreal. All you need to know is that they are located on Saint-Laurent street and that there is always a lineup, whether you’re grabbing it to go or if you want to sit and eat. Most common plate is a Medium on rye with fries and a cherry coke. It has seen celebs from movie stars to music icons, to politicians.
This is one of the things we aim to do in our preparedness planning workshops. Help people in our communities who are dedicated to being prepared achieve the type and degree of preparedness that is right for them in a way that is sustainable over the long term.
One of the reasons we chose to highlight this issue on our website is because lactose intolerance affects communities of color at a higher rate than others and these are the same communities that are impacted the most by a lack of access to healthy foods – which include alternatives to animal products.
Just in case you weren’t obsessively checking Mashable throughout the weekend, we wanted to give you the full picture of one of Mashable‘s best-ever April Fools’ Day pranks: TBS Host and Comedian Conan O’Brien Takes Over Mashable.
But first, some "Before & After" snaps of our little project.
Here is how it's going to work....
My life has become a series a of getting out of and sitting back down into chairs. When I move, a percussion concerto of cracking joints remind me that I'd probably throw my back out if I added sit-ups to my morning routine. I'm officially settling into frumpy-old-hag mode.
By the way, best wishes to all my friends who are fighting the weather battle in other parts of the US and our friends in Australia who have the opposite problems. I am thinking of all of you!
Laugh as much as you can. You can look and feel younger by experiencing the joy of your close friendships and laughing when you truly feel happy. You can watch funny videos or read amusing books. At the theater, go to comedy movies. If you’re with your friends, or even if you’re alone, laugh as much as you can.
Why did Bush really invade? Alan Greenspan, an expert on global privateering and a booster of same, conceded the war had always been about oil. Bush talked about invading Iraq ten days after inauguration, at his very first meeting of the National Security Council. That was eight months before the Nine-Eleven attack he liked to blame on Saddam. Most of the time he used stylized sentences written for him by his handlers that implied the accusation without quite uttering it.
* Maternity underwear (or just a few pairs of cotton underwear in larger sizes), so you don't stretch out your fancy underwears while you're pregnant. (Apparently they can be saggy afterwards! A friend told me that, and I'm so grateful she did!)
To meet the needs of trustees and others seeking a more predictable permanent policy, carriers introduced no lapse guaranteed universal life (NLG UL). These policies offer a guaranteed premium and a guaranteed death benefit but have a low cash value. If premiums are paid, the policy remains in force for the insured’s lifetime no matter how long that is. These policies keep the out of pocket premium as low as possible and the death benefit level and everything is guaranteed. As long as the owner pays the premium, the policy continues and will pay the full death benefit. These policies are extremely attractive to people who have been burned by other products.
But before I do, you’ll be pleased to know that Squawker continues to improve. He’s quite a character. He doesn’t seem to need to hear any inspirational words. He just gets on with living and gives no care to his disability without complaining. Well, not too much. He’s only a kid after all.
Sometimes this process is tough and the past few months have been no exception. I got frustrated and was dealing with some depression over the whole TTC thing and this blog definitely suffered. My apologies for the silence. I’m usually a pretty glass-half-full kinda gal but a lot of perceived rejection can bring you down a bit. I still tweeted about our experiences sporadically, but I hope to be getting back to it here more regularly from now on. It’s much easier to convey what’s going on. I’m really starting/trying to feel more positively about things again. Maybe I just hated winter. I dunno.
The little bunting was fiddly to put together and I must have tried a dozen different images before I decided on this cute Teddy Bea.
A word about division of labor… we all know there’s division of labor in any home. John does outside stuff, I do inside stuff. Electricity, plumbing, yes that’s inside but I don’t mess with that especially if it involves clogs in bathroom pipes. Examples:
These are Australia, Canada, China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Korea, Micronesia, Switzerland, Thailand, and the United States. Can’t Arroyo find an expert in the United States or in Hong Kong (where former President Estrada had his knee surgery seven years ago)? Thailand is also known for surgeries – sex transplant, that is. Though it is tempting to plot this situation as a case of individual rights over people’s rights, it appears that is not the case.
I'm back, the Holidays were a little rough since this is the first Christmas without my youngest daughter but I made it through. My niece had a little girl after Thanksgiving, and by little I mean just a little over 4 lbs! We are going to the Shower tomorrow so I used the Mojo sketch to make her card. The picture just doesn't do it justice, Oh well....will submit it anyway since I don't have a lot of time here. I enjoyed making the little flowers,
The Quiet Man
Anthony Campbell was a 20-year old apprentice plumber innocently going about a decent days work in a house in Finglas in December 2006. The gangland drug lord Marlo Hyland was hiding out in the same house. Hyland was targeted and shot dead. Campbell, as a potential eyewitness, paid with his young life. His lifeless body was found slumped against the radiator in the hallway. A bullet wound to the hand shows he tried in vain to shield himself.
Still, we can welcome, encourage and cherish women as invaluable parts of God’s creation.
t-shirts for syd & ben, fresh beat bracelets, kiki headbands.
There are so many things I praise God for. The previous week our church had just completed a week of revival meetings. Vernon had led a girl to the Lord on Thursday evening, and we had all grown closer to the Lord that week.
452. Ham, Pineapple Stuffing w/ Red Chili Flakes, Steamed Kale Tossed in Olive Oil & Sriracha, & Baked Beans @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 8:12 p.m.
But I saw they were not as was thought,
My teacher threw her head back as she laughed, perched high up on her teacher stool in front of the class, and as she pulled her head back down towards mine she made eye contact and told me that I would change my mind when I grew up.
It certainly protects the abuser.
This was the first time I had tried this, and next time I will par-boil the cubes for 2-3 minutes before barbequeing them. Cooking them wrapped in foil is another thing I will soon try.
Gaming and Games console in general seem to have gone to crap, there are few titles that I still play but most aren’t worth playing. I rarely play games on my pc and I’d sooner shoot myself in the face than play MMORPG’s. When an MMORPG my life is officially over The gaming industry went to shit a long time ago, now the generic games are Call of Duty: Grenade, grenade, grenade and various call of duty clone. I’m not into racing games or playing sport on a games console so my gaming is limited to the occasional RPG and Shooters. I found myself addicted to Fallout: New Vegas because it offers something different, I enjoyed it for a while but now playing it is torturous. I barely play games consoles as it is and I think I’ll be playing them a lot less.
The room had photos of family, near and distant, of all the achievements we’ve seen and experiences that have been had, as a commemoration of how life passes so briefly, so simply to where it could be all placed on a mantle. It was amazing and terrifying all at once.
- Red House Virginia (over 120 Acres)
We are in the midst of our design team call. All the details you need are right at the top of the page! So give it a shot, we'd love to stamp with you!!
(Ingrid Newkirk)
Glass gobles filled with chocolate..
Update 3/30 PM, 3/31 noon: This is a good time for a general summary, as news tends to make it appear the situation has fundamentally changed for the worse. It has, and it hasn't. It's been widely speculated that at least one core (reactor #1) and likely more have had at least partial meltdown(s). It remains plausible and reasonable to speculate either way about full meltdowns -- that there may be or may not be any fully melted core.
The Mavericks won’t be able to come back from this. Oklahoma is simply too talented of a team to lose four straight games to this Dallas side. It’s just a question of when they close them out now.
Turk: I'm black. God knew my people would go through some struggles, so He gave us a lifetime supply of cool to compensate. Just like He knew white people would be rhythmically challenged, so He gave y'all this dance.
and he kept playing the dream.
So my first item sold for about 70% of what I retail it for. Not great but not bad. I had to wait til that one sold til I could schedule another one. When you are new and until you build your reputation, you can only list one lot at a time. Seems fair, as they don't want scam sellers there but believe me, it is an eternity waiting for your item to come up and to be able to get a slot for the next one! LOL!
7. Tampa Bay Buccaneers – Mark Barron. Rumor has it that Barron even smiled a little last night.
Any professional photographers looking at these will cringe ( David,Adrian and anyone else.!! ) but for little old novice,me, the best I can do at the moment.
The building where he had moved in overlooked the sea and he had the flat on the sixth floor so the view from the balcony was breathtaking.He did not much like flats but there was no option.
The standard First Day of School Picture Out Front. And posing of course.
So, what do we receive in return for giving Sanford an extra $1.3million in sales taxes each year? Sanford charges county residents double the water and sewer rates they charge city residents. Sanford residents get close-in use of its many parks and recreation facilities without additional charge to city residents, even though ALL county taxpayers have to pay for those services in their county property taxes. The county also foots the bill for the library facilities without charge to the city residents who use these facilities much more. Same for the enrichment center and senior services provided there. Is it any wonder that county residents are ready to rebel about having to pay such high taxes only to see their monies re-directed to the benefit of city dwellers? Please tell me what is fair about this kind of wealth redistribution? Logically, with more of the population living within the city limits, there should be more tax money raised within the cities, right?
Fear not though, my loyal followers. I do have something to entertain you with. My best friend, with whom I've grown up with, and his team have put together a great video called "Brooklyn Insiders". Their first feature is with the world renowned artist Lee Quinones.
Usually I start off with this number, because it's a classic.
1. i am not female. my research has shown that 94.88% of all FP are female. further, 67% of all female FP are hot. the remaining 33% that aren’t hot, are really hot.
One of the benefits of being this age is experience: I know the light will return because it has done so for all of my (fifty) years. Dark may insinuate it's way into my life until it becomes a wall I can't get through or over, but all I need do is look back at all the other walls I have made it past, and not lose hope. It's not always easy to hang on to hope – I often need to manufacture it, and I guess that's one of the reasons we have Christmas: it gives us something to look forward to in the gloom – but it is possible, with a little help. I've just read The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society, and it was exactly the illumination I needed.
Rachel played with her socks, rolling them down round her ankles, like fat white sausages, then pulling them back up again. Mum would tell her off if she was here, tell her she’d ruin the elastic. But Mum wasn’t here, and Susan didn’t feel like it, so Rachel carried on; rolling and stretching, rolling and stretching.
The talent of the cast is first class – the cast is small, only 10 people, whom are nearly all always on stage (or spread throughout the theatre singing on the stairs, as is common in ‘theatre in the round’ style), and whom all have amazing, beautiful strong voices. The casting couldn’t be more spot on, with Hunter Parrish playing Jesus, in the best male lead I’ve seen to date on the Broadway circuit. His voice is smooth and polish, but loud and authoritative. He plays the role of Jesus with such passion, and makes you believe.
In my death I have a new life,
What's interesting is that now that I'm back on the west coast, closer to my family and old friends, I don't feel as though I'm actually any closer. I certainly see my old friends more, but I don't see my friends back in NY at all. And I have only seen my family a couple of times in the few months since I've been back, which really isn't all that much different from when I lived on the other coast.
(I know, I know)
Next week, the law goes before the U.S. Supreme Court, which will hear arguments on whether the law violates the Constitution.
playful men and women, and hopeful children;
Sole judge of truth, beholding Truth unfurled,
Today she offered her advice to a few listeners, including how to get your family to forgive your boyfriend! Read the letters below, and add any advice you may have!
Women are 9 Times more likely to have cold hands and feet than men:
What immediately hits you is the welcoming aroma of freshly brewed coffee and jazzy sounds coming from the quirky Artisan Roast campervan. Wandering around the market there was plenty to see – and try – from cupcakes to curry.
She was quite obviously not pleased.
olives
For your perversity--
22. Muppet Babies
I’m getting more filler tonight, and we’re going to do the first coat of polyurethane sealant on the inside of our cabinet. Maybe, if time permits, we’ll start to work on the inside of the closet. (We’re doing all non-visible places before visible places, in order to get practice.)
Saito R, Suzuki H, Oshitani H, Sakai T, Seki N, Tanabe N. The effectiveness of influenza vaccine against influenza A (H3N2) virus infections in nursing homes in Niigata, Japan, during the 1998-1999 and 1999-2000 seasons. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2002; 23: 82-86.
"And here I thought you might not recognize each other." Will chortled. "Guess I was wrong on that count."
I received a note from a high school graduate friend of mine yesterday. She was asking me to consider letting her bring her garden club tour bus to see my gardens. I was flattered but very embarrassed. I plead innocent to the fact that I have shown off my gardens somewhat. I also confess that I am a better macro photographer than I am a gardener. I have lots of nice plantings that look good together as I do understand good design.
“Thought I would just sit here a while” I told her
For the lemongrass, use only the bottom white part (about 6 inches) and discard the woody grass part of it. With the flat side of a cleaver or a heavy object, pound and bruise the lemongrass so it releases the flavor. Cut into 2 inch segments.
We are incredibly blessed.
I recently found out that I will be teaching Kindergarten next year (I will be replacing my own Kindergarten teacher!), so I am very excited about that and I am already in planning mode for next year.
How were the people to recognize these “deacons” as being “full of the Spirit?” What was the evidence? It has to have been the growing of Christlikeness or Christ’s very character in them.
I don’t know what went wrong that night, but somehow he slipped through DR’s “political correctness filter” and — in his usual calm and commonsense way — gave the assembled dimwits a run for their money. That night I slept with a smile on my face.
In 2006, an environmental magazine to which Al Gore and Bill Moyers had both granted interviews advocated that climate skeptics who are part of the “denial industry” be arrested and made to face Nuremberg-style war crimes trials.
Surely not, he's been doing this for years, right?
There are many areas we tend to worry about and Jesus answers them. It seems to be the most natural thing to do, worry about where we will live, what we will eat, what job we will have. In fact, we worry about what we don't have, and if we have any wealth we worry about losing it. Each of us could add our own list of concerns...aging, accidents, approval of friends and peers, war, terrorism, death, and in some cases even life. There’s no end to the list of things we can worry about.
"But it's equally important for them to consider how they in good conscience must act."
I'm alright, I'm hard up but I'm fine,
It's about details.
Q: When do you think that you are an adult?
The World God Only Knows 178-2 (20:37 – 21:19)
Well this blog I have been following for a while called
New Jersey State Employment and Training Commission
Something about this site appealed to me as a father. Why was it better than all the learning games, with their impressive educational pedigrees? I couldn’t put my finger on it. So I called up DIY’s CEO, Zach Klein (formerly of Vimeo). Klein isn’t a father himself, but he understands the child’s mind. In a few words he crystalized for me what I find distasteful about most kids’ programming.
it may be
Any other ideas for keeping auto's in check? Who's already been using a log that has come in handy once or twice? Thoughts?
by Allan Fish
In the short poem, “Doctrine,” Heine echoed the themes of Le Grand when he portrayed himself as the drummer—pointedly using the French term—on behalf of the new radical Hegelian philosophy. At the same time, he here ironizes rather than romanticizes that role, calling attention (like King) to an element of self-satisfaction and self-aggrandizement. Heine rarely makes it simple for the perceptive reader.
Consciousness-Analogue
When plundering heards assail their byke (Hive),
The Avant/Garde Diaries presents Transmission LA: AV CLUB…
Too close is too much, and too much is too close.
And things had been going great. Each day I would wash and hang-dry 3 to 5 loads of laundry, take them down from the line, and fold them, and I would make bread, and keep the kitchen clean, and nurse Baby Hippo to sleep, and play the piano at the high school for chorus .... until today.
–MobyTen
Reloading presses bear some resemblance to good firearms in their need for cleaning and maintenance. Reasonable care and lubrication, along with a lack of abuse, and they can last for lifetimes. Just like an older firearm, sometimes a reloading press gets shoved to the back of a closet and forgotten. When that happens, a little work can be all that's necessary to put it back into service.
7. I've Loved These Days – 4:31
Ever since I was little when people would ask me what I wanted to be when I grew up I would always answer by saying that I wanted to be a mom. Of course as I got closer to adulthood I continued to want to be a mom, but also knew that I needed to be an independent woman and that meant finding a career. After changing my major about one million times, I finally decided to become a Child Life Specialist and then finally an Occupational Therapist. I was lucky enough to land my dream job immediately following school and have worked in Early Intervention ever since. I absolutely love what I do and feel that I am doing exactly what I was meant to do. It just fits me. However; ever since having Zander I have constantly felt torn about working full time, and now that I have Grayden I am feeling even more torn. I want to have a career and be a successful woman who can support myself and my family; however I also have a constant desire to be home with my boys. I don't want to miss out on all the fun stuff that is happening with their little lives. I don't want to ever look back and regret not being there. We are very lucky in the fact that the boys attend an amazing in home daycare center where they are receiving the very best care from one of my friends Kristy; however it is so hard for me to know that they are with her 8 hours out of the 12 hours that they are awake during the day. So, that means if you subtract the time it takes me to drop them off in the morning and pick them up in the afternoon I get a total of 2 hours with them during each week day. I am lucky though, because I do get many breaks during the school year and summer, where I have weeks at a time to spend with them, but during the times when I am working many weeks at a time I am finding it very difficult.
Black paper - AC Specialty Pearl Paper
2010.08.03 Dagestan Makhachkala 2 0 Two police officers are assassinated by Islamic separatists at a market.
That’s what you call someone who’s walked or ran ten miles, right? No?
My second jersey leopard print offering is made using some wonderful drapey jersey which was a very kind gift from Claire (who salvaged it from a bin I believe, good work Claire!!!). It's sooooo nice. The only thing I could think to do with a drapey jersey was apply another tried and tested pattern from the batwing family that I've been using a lot recently. It's bascially a slightly more refined version of the Poker top, but this fabric is far more stable. It feels so nice to wear, and I envisage wearing it with my black Jenny pencil skirt or some killer black capri pants whenever I get round to making some. In the meantime, you can see me wearing it to work with my 'uniform' of denim sailor trousers:
Bachelor #1: He’s 49, 5’11″, looking for a relationship, from Toronto, has kids and does not want any more children.
MERRY CHRISTMAS! remember the less privileged ones!
The most interesting part of this exercise for me is how my applying the described process produced such a good image. I believe that this illustrates the point that there is no better substitute to overcome tacit knowledge other than actually applying oneself to doing the exercises. This simple fact is true for any discipline, especially the technical ones.
How I’d love love love
Ashfall is the story of Alex, a teenage boy left alone for the weekend while his parents visit relatives. When the Yellowstone supervolcano erupts unexpectedly, Alex is determined to reach his parents. He must travel over a hundred miles in a landscape transformed by a foot of ash and the destruction of every modern convenience that he has ever known, and through a new world in which disaster has brought out both the best and worst in people desperate for food, water, and warmth. With a combination of nonstop action, a little romance, and very real science, this is a story that is difficult to stop reading and even more difficult to forget.
A number of Hollywood horror-tinged adaptations of fairytales are actually already in the works. Amongst them is the Julia Roberts starring Mirror Mirror, with Roberts tipped to play the Evil Queen. Directed by Tarsem Singh (The Cell), the film is a dark twist on the classic fairytale, in which Snow White and the seven dwarfs look to reclaim their destroyed kingdom. Another film that refigures the tale of Snow White, only as a chase movie, is Snow White and the Huntsman, starring Kristen Stewart as Snow White, and Chris Hemsworth as the huntsman sent to kill her and bring her heart back to the Evil Queen (Charlize Theron). Also forthcoming is Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters; set '15 years after' their traumatic encounter with a cannibalistic witch in a gingerbread-house, siblings Hansel and Gretel have grown up to become a formidable team of bounty hunters who track and kill witches the world over.
So we took the replacement one back and simply got my money back tonight. I wasn't going to risk the "third time lucky" theory .. .. we have wasted enough time, diesel and patience to risk it again.
that spews from between my teeth
Isaiah 58: 6-12 has become my life verse, because it is my life story.
around the house...
Great Leaders empower others to act on their own with confidence and conviction.
Mrs Potgieter, a respected local businesswoman, was bludgeoned to death after she was already seriously injured from stab wounds – due to the torture administered to force her into transferring R10,000 from her bank account to a post-office savings account allegedly in Stuurman’s name, according to the charge sheets in the trial.
Left the hipsters for mason jars... Carl and I thoroughly enjoyed our short stay at Grim's as we watched one of the most awkward first dates ever. Okay... we weren't entirely sure.. but there was like a 95% certainty that it was a first date. I mean the girl was flipping her back and forth saying "I'm just like really into... and not a fan of..... and when I go out, I like... blah blah.. what do you enjoying doing?" The guy was overdressed for a first date - full suit - at Grim's on cinco? puhleeezee you're trying a little too hard, bro. A few more laughs here and there, Carl and I decided that we really enjoyed the atmosphere at Grim's - we decided our next outing would be to go dancing at Woods (the upper level dancefloor) and maybe rent out the Butterfly Lounge for a birthday party... and then, we got carried away with our little event planning.
- Part-time consultant needed for start up retail store and internet business, about 25 hours/ week. Desire to learn about antique artifacts, art, and furnishings. Career Field
Last Saturday we ran to Piggly Wiggly Supermarket for roast beef, and what are they playing?
Rob Kistner
Technique: Dry Embossing, Shadow Stamping
Upon reaching the destination, the PRC passenger refused to pay the taxi driver and started to attack him. He then got into the taxi and drove off hitting the cleaner at the driveway in front of the Budget Terminal moments later. The 34 year old cleaning supervisor Chandra Mogan from Malaysia was on duty that morning. His family is in Johor and he’s said to have four children, with the youngest about four months old.
Hesitancy broken with a cautious smile “Wishes?” she asked.
The seven essays in this sometimes-dense book address this question. The book can be heavy going at times, due in part to Sibley’s habit of quoting a great many other writers along his journey, but his adoption of a simple bookend style for each essay does help center the reader’s attention.
It was an extraordinary thing to have done, because he was not just any old DJ but one of the most esteemed niche-DJs in the country, popular with listeners and hugely respected by the artists he showcased and championed.
Porque morir es natural,
I am fickle though so it will probably all change around within a few months.
About me. I love books. I love people who love books. I love people who don’t love books too, but…doesn’t everybody love books?
This weeks sponsors are
Sunnyhillboy
I took them out of their box a couple of days ago in the house because our little Rhode Island Red(three weeks old) would fly up to roost on the side of the box and would poop on the floor. The yellow one(almost 3 1/2 weeks old) was just starting to do that too so I decided it was time to send them out to the coop.:)
109 things you never wanted to know about me!
1/2 cup butter (chilled)
Lately I am almost overwhelmed thinking about the responsibility of raising these 3 blessings of mine. When they are babies, it seems easier somehow. All I'm concentrating on are diapers, feedings, and snuggling. Now, it's "so-and-so's not my best friend anymore because he always gets into trouble" and "what is hell?" These questions are not as easily answered. I'm finding I'm spending more time in God's Word and books from those I trust and less time the places you used to find me. Each day I'm practically running to Him for help. I just can't do this on my own--training these young ones is exhausting--but oh-so-worth-it!
Daniel and his friends proved they could be faithful in little things, so God gave them the chance to be faithful in great things (Luke 16:10), like the fiery furnace and the lion’s den.
Step 4.
"Rule 3: Write It Down...
When we went to Le Tres Particulier we climbed the hill on it's west side. As we left we wandered the streets north and east, climbing up to it's tip top and ending up on Rue Norvins. This is a lively area and beautiful at dusk. The very old and famous restaurant (once cabaret) Le Consulat greeted us.
Solstice always marks the end of a cycle and the beginning of a new one. Just as I'm soooooooooooooo very excited to see the start of longer days again, I'm also excited for the new year. Last year was one of letting go of things that do not work for me any longer. What used to be fun and exciting became old and weary. When I rev this business back up again, its going to be run very differently.
What I do is write the different threads, then start the process of weaving them together. I connect in the dangling pieces, reign in the threads from the wrong direction, until, at the end of the day, I have something that resembles a rope.
Jackie: Thank you so much for talking with us. We appreciate the support and are glad you are enjoying “This Grand Show!”
Poems of Pleasure
Shortly after midnight, they located Konias and arrested him without incident. He admitted his identity when arrested and was reportedly cooperative with the arresting officials.
Salmaan Taseer was never a great politician. Yet, his death has ignited a firestorm of opinion, some of it grotesque yes, but one that is also far and beyond the stature of the political role he had during his life. Only those who take a courageous stand and risk losing it all earn that king-sized legacy. When the emotion wears off, his killers will wonder how killing a man who raised a voice for an innocent woman implicated in a false case, was wajib-ul-qatal. When this intolerance consumes one of them, because it is only too long until there is difference of opinion on something, they will wonder why they unleashed this monster.
When the song mentions her riding the mechanical bull, former Mother Roy Estrada's falsetto laughter, trills, and disturbingly pleasured vocalizations crack me up. I wonder if this song is at all related to his later number, "Truck Driver Divorce." Maybe even "Baby, Take Your Teeth Out?"
Large colony - 2d10 + QUEEN
I sometimes see other libloggers linking to sites like these and I have a word of advice: don’t. When we link to low-content sites from our high-content sites, we are telling Google and everyone that we think that the site we are linking to is in some way authoritative, even if we’re saying they’re dirty scammers. We’re helping their page rank and we’re slowly, infinitesimally almost, decreasing the value of Google and polluting the Internet pool in which we frequently swim. Don’t link to spammers.
a shadow grew.
I watched them all from the garage, the tent, the covered deck. Waited for my cues. Played my heart out. Stomped through more mud in cute shoes than I ever have before.
For the record there are much better beers with much better names out there, sorry Slaters but you just don't cut it for me.
KIM: Shhh Doctor, your microphone’s on and we’re broadcasting to a worldwide audience of up to twenty-three people. Mind your language.
“With your permission, Captain, I will observe his movements. Of course, I will do this with slyness, using my training as a detective, so he is unaware I am observing him. When he attempts to place a letter in the cabin of his next victim, I will catch him with the red hand.”
And it's one less holiday obligation to worry about. Tomorrow I have two parties--W.B.'s class party, then Pod's office party--both of which take place within about a half hour of each other. Then Her Majesty's class party on Friday.
07 Abandoned left
George Duke - keyboards, synthesizer, vocals
The nature of life in the districts and in the Capitol is very well portrayed; there are lots of 'scene-setting' moments that convey how poverty-stricken and hopeless the people of the districts are and how thoughtlessly hedonistic the Capitol residents are. In establishing the world of The Hunger Games, the film doesn't have the benefit of Katniss' narration explaining everything, so it includes several scenes between President Snow and Seneca Crane, where they discuss things instead. This works well for setting up the later installments. I remember finishing the first book and wondering where the story would go next, but the movie makes it clear right off who the villains are, what their agenda is and why Katniss is a threat to them.
Whenever anyone tells a special needs parent “all kids do that” – those four small words completely dismiss the diagnosis, the struggles of our day to day lives.
This is not uncommon among us spoonies, as a phone call, for example, makes far greater demands on our energy and concentration than, say, writing a blog post – which can take all day if it has to – or talking to people on twitter, or, perhaps, just tossing tweets out into the Twitterverse to make their own way, or even answering email.
They all came over for dinner last night. And in just a few months, we'll all be reunited again here in the Northern Virginia area. Gatherings like these will happen far more regularly than every 4 years.
John Calvin, Calvin’s Commentaries, vol. 20, p. 200
or begging God to do something about your situation; decree the Word of God
M.S: When I sit down to write, I don't think, "This is just for women." Or, "This is for men." I write the story that longs to be told. Interestingly, the acquiring editor for SUMMIT AVENUE was a man and I've received enthusiastic fan mail from men.
I'll start first with the scrap booking/card making areas. These 2 white shelving units I've had forever & I think they were originally from Target. They have served many purposes. This is where I keep all my paper, divided & labeled for easy access. The drop-down door area is where I keep my cutter, xyron, Cuttlebug, etc. because it's at the perfect height. I also have my magazines & a lot of books related to paper & fabric crafts & sewing. It's fun adding in some treasures & keepsakes among the neccessities.
This week at The Cuttlebug Spot we're thinking GREEN... With St. Patricks Day approaching the DT has created some pretty fun stuff. I love this little Tilda with Clover and knew I had to use her in some way. I am not overly fond of so much green so the rest of the card is a little on the eeeeek side for me but she sure is a cutie, lol!
2) I love plaid. My first baby blanket was plaid (the one in all my baby pictures), and it seems to have permeated my whole life!
Now the most cheesy thing about this movie is the conflict, the conflict would be the music piracy sting. We see 2 goofy guys illegally recording Bukis music, then after a badass concert, gunmen break into the Bukis tour bus where they steal some of their unreleased music. After taking the music, they start to gun down people around the bus! Wild but oh so cheesy!
1. Eliminate corruption and patronage. As has been pointed out, delays are in themselves a cause for corruption because people will seek to use nefarious means to avoid them, such as pay to put a file on top of the pile. While efficiency builds up, it is necessary to take a strong stand against any kind of corruption and patronage at all levels. The best way to do this is to issue a stern warning and take action against anyone found to be flouting the rules.
Just like when people use "starving" incorrectly, I also get mad when people use the term “anorexic” incorrectly. Someone whom I am acquaintances with was describing their childhood years to a friend today. They were very poor when they were little and didn’t get to eat a lot because of lack of money and food.
These days, the people that pay for the ads are in more of a hurry to progress upwards quicker than ever before. They often want to judge success by a single execution rather than a campaign that builds over time and this impatience can have a knock-on effect on the kind of advertising that is produced.
Kids club has babysitting (ages 5-12) with loads of activities, in the evening if you would like a quiet kid-free dinner. We didn't do this because Sean is only 4. Next year!
Well, there were a number of inspirations which came together. The first was the fact that I am a devotee of flash-fiction. I was introduced to it about two years ago in a workshop run by Vanessa Gebbie, and then last January I started writing one a day for a month. That became a book called 31 and I thought that was that. But I had caught the bug, and on May 1st I started a project to write one a day for a year. At the time of writing it is day 284 and I haven’t missed one yet. So, yes, I was living and breathing flash when I had the idea.
B: … gastador
Icing: Fondant
Burying a child seems so far beyond my ability.
...tadaa...
I hope a trick is not being played on people and that this is not a case of the Government agreeing to do something and acknowledging the problem under pressure, yet implementing the cuts as planned in the hope that people will have forgotten by December its promise about putting in place a Scandinavian child care model. We will not forget. Since the Government entered into office, that we are committed to having such a model by December is the one good development of which I have heard. It will be brilliant and neither I nor parents can wait. However, there is no justification for making this cut without that model being in place, as doing so will immediately drive people out of work.
This article first appeared at Paul Craig Roberts’ new website Institute For Political Economy. Paul Craig Roberts was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and associate editor of the Wall Street Journal. He was columnist for Business Week, Scripps Howard News Service, and Creators Syndicate. He has had many university appointments. His Internet columns have attracted a worldwide following.
I'd put a status on Facebook, to make friends locally aware of the situation and quite a few went out to join the search. People really do rally when something like this happens. Even my hairdresser was driving around her area, looking for him.
First out was the Pils. It was a pale lager with a small head and nearly no carbonation. In the nose I felt grass, and the grass was joined by some malts in the mouth. The finish had some caramel and a pinch of bitterness. I liked it!
Now for the top 5
Ladle the vindaloo into bowls and sprinkle jalepeno pieces over the top
This is really too hard. I think some of the most moving myths are those which deal head on with our own mortality. Orpheus in the underworld, trying to rescue his dead wife Eurydice. Achilles in Hades telling Odysseus ‘do not try to console me for dying. I would rather be a peasant and follow my master’s plough than be king over all the perished dead.’ And Baldur from the Norse myths, who cannot be brought back to life even though all the world wept for him (save Loki).
In the last post we started looking at the encounter between God and Elijah. We looked at how even when running from God, Elijah still had an encounter with God. We also looked at how God will ask us questions in an encounter with Him so that we can learn in the encounter and not because God does not know the answer. If you need to review Elijah’s encounter with God you can click here.
(Federal Government of Ghana Approved Diplomatic Courier Co.)
Thanks for making the trip Sher!
The festival is being organised by Peter Esser, owner and Braumeister of Cologne's smallest brewery, Braustelle, who will be bringing along a Dunkel with Rosemary, an Imperial Stout with Rye as well as their regular range, and perhaps some of their monthly specials (a Triplebock and something called Pink Panther has been mentioned).
Perhaps the most Christmassy of all the films listed here as this not only takes place at Christmas but contains numerous references to Christmas and is set against the backdrop of snow. It is even, at times, trying to be a twisted version of It's a Wonderful Life. Of course, it also contains vicious little monsters who create havoc and hurt, maim and kill arbitrarily. Indeed, they'd be some characters in this film who might prefer to have spent the festive period in Gotham circa 1992. But there is glee in this film - even if it is often a malicious, sadistic glee. It is a fun and fast-moving motion picture, even if occasionally scary, and as such is perfect for Christmas.
“I first began to suspect that the man found dead padlocked inside a large bag had not committed suicide when I discovered that he was found dead locked inside a large bag. Admittedly, the usual elements of suicide were present: the victim was dead, but the real clue for me was that he was dead INSIDE A FUCKING BAG.”
The show begins by introducing the mini biography of the person going undercover, who is generally the CEO. Often times, these stories are inspiring because they are people who have worked their way up to the top. Often times they show the CEO’s family (and more often than not their HUMONGOUS house.) Then, the CEO has a “meeting” with his executive board – which looks pretty staged – in which he or she tells the members that he or she is going undercover. Next comes the disguise! Most of the time these disguises are hilarious, because they glue on mustaches on put of wigs. The CEO usually performs four different jobs within their company. At each of these positions, a person trains the undercover CEO. At the end of the week, the CEO calls all of the people who trained him into his big office and reveals who he is, and then gives them presents – or more training if they were bad.
U Fleku Pub Restaurant & Brewery U Fleku "House Beer"
In the end, though, the old favourites prove their worth again. Isaac Rosenberg’s Break of Day in the Trenches gives a vision of the long calms between the great assaults, when a rat might seem a fit companion. His one-sided conversation with it turns to a casual observation that has achieved literary immortality.
Having wanted to first start this blog months ago, I began collecting stories, ideas, scraps of information that I could eventually post and sticking them all into a folder on my email account especially. The problem is, said dedicated folder got bigger and bigger, while I just got busier and busier to ever actually wade through it.
I have always wanted to buy a house but this time I had second thoughts. I hate cleaning and think that yard work would become something that I hate if I had to do it all of the time. Now, I think I’d want to move to a nicer apartment or a condo. I would love to have a small plot of land to have a garden on too. I have thought it would be nice to have a gym membership for the winter months. I can get enough physical activity during the summer months but I get heavier every winter. Grrr. So, I would want an apartment with an exercise room, swimming pool, some nice trails near by, a bath tub, a wash machine and dryer in the unit. I’d also want a landlord who fixes things rather quickly and allows cats. I think if I had these things, I’d cry for joy at first or do a happy dance. My sister says that money doesn’t make one happy but I think it would make me happy in the short-term. I don’t think these things would make me happy in the long-term. My digital camera made me happy for a while after I bought it. But, it didn’t last of course.
I like taking pictures of the animals
The droves started coming in and it was now time to party, well it was rather chilly, but apparently there are these mobile heaters in the industry lately which personally I feel are going to be a good investment for this winter.
and peace on earth to those of good will. Let the heavens rejoice and the earth exult,
01 Ghost
Do you become oblivious to your surroundings when you work? Can anyone accomplish anything substantial without being in the Zone?
Again, where does all this fit into the big classification system? No clue. Not sure if I care right now, but I had such a great time delving into Star Trek and classic Doctor Who that I thought I’d try out a few anime – both movies and TV – just to see what hooked me and what didn’t.
The Fanat in the Hat said,
Swedish reed player/arranger Magnus Lindgren, who solos nicely on “Do You Feel Like I Do,” “Scarborough Fair” and “Love and Revolution,” provides the subtle sketches that punctuate each track with a warm glow of northern soul and a white heat of those orchestras of yore.
The Torch is made up of an inner and an outer aluminium alloy skin, held in place by a cast top piece and base, perforated by 8,000 circles.
And we will weep to be so alone
12 Surrender
Really? Is that how low the scholars think of humanity?
"What? Really? Jeez, OK, listen, I need to go."
They are neutral, pleasant and at the same time at affordable prices.
The wheel avoided the driver but targeted four passengers, leaving one of then critically injured. The tourist was eventually taken to Middlemore Hospital and is now in intensive care.
The Pro-Active Weapon Management System was developed to assist companies with the cost effective management of their firearm systems. Its core function focuses specifically on accountability. It was presented to the procurement sections of the SA Police and SANDF a number of years ago as a workable and cost-effective solution to the problem of weapon management in State departments, but the creators and marketers of the system were shoved around back and forth so many times that they eventually stopped marketing the product.
From this the first venue of attack outside of the primary holding the line is: push States to adopt viability language for the conferring of full citizenship rights and protections to fetuses, adapted so that as the state of the art improves in embryology and pre-natal care, that viability line can move down with those advances.
Chinese herbs include astragalus, ginger, dong quai, cinnamon, rehmannia root, and scrophularia root. Patients should consult a competent herbalist or naturopathic doctor for individualized herbal support for ovarian cancer.
Another variation would be to race to pick up as many of one object as one can. If you are going only once down the board, this means that the person to roll the smaller number and have to take more turns is likely to gain more of the objects. On the other hand, if there is only one object on each square, then the slower person is likely to land on more empty squares where the pieces have already been taken. Or perhaps objects are just on random squares and not every square awards the player with an object. Then luck of the die is going to have more of an effect.
house cured herbed wild salmon gravlax on cucumber rounds with cream cheese and capers
This is an unusual case of how accidents might happen to people with mental disorders and raises the question how far must we go to prevent such events happening. In this case, although the man still had his licence his wife had not allowed him to drive for several months because of the changes in his mental status. Now she has to increase the home security to make sure that this otherwise healthy and active man does not "escape" again. Studies have shown that "patients with dementia are 3 to 5 times more likely to be involved in a motor vehicle accident than age-matched control individuals".
Lindsay is back in the courtroom after she has failed to comply with her probation, and has not met her community service sentence. Lindsay, once a cute childhood star has turned on a downward spiral for years. The media is always talking about her weight problems, drug suspicions, and unprofessional behavior. Public relations representatives should promote Lindsay’s positive behaviors in order to regain a positive reputation. News about her jail time and court hearing should be kept private if there is any hope of her coming back from these rough few years.
It’s an interesting and not wholly effective technique. While it’s nice to see a fairy tale where not only is the fantasy world just as demanding towards our hero as the real world but where the hero recognizes and resents it, the technique also makes it hard to root for Alice going along with the Underland crowd. Granted, someone has to kill the Jabberwocky, one supposes, but by the time Alice is being pressured by the White Queen you really just wish she’d toss the Vorpal Sword into a lake and tell these nutbags to sort out their own issues.
They say an image is worth a thousand words:
And labour expert Tony Healy said the lawlessness witnessed during the current strike action was the worst he had ever seen.
A few notes: You may notice that my recipe is scaled down from the original; that was largely due to a lack of ingredients, but I liked the way it turned out so I've reproduced the recipe as I made it. I also made a few changes to the method - primarily because I'm lazy and will do whatever I can to reduce the number of dirty dishes a recipe creates. The original recipe calls for the chicken breasts to be dredged in flour before the egg bath; I've combined these two steps before with success, so I've done it here also. Whether you chose my (lazy) method or Andie's (classic) version, you should still end up with a delicious dinner.
I won't be with you on your 35th to laugh as we joke about how the 20's are the worst.
I don’t know how to be perfect at my job because i’m practically a walking mistake most of the time. I bump into table ends, i suck my stomach in to unsuccessfully give the illusion i have curves instead of lumps, i quietly and secretly fart in public. In short, i could never be anywhere near perfect.
Letty Larkspur and Cordelia Grey escaped their small Midwestern town for New York’s glittering metropolis. All Letty wants is to see her name in lights, but she quickly discovers Manhattan is filled with pretty girls who will do anything to be a star. . . .
Furthermore, the truth or otherwise of this matter reflects directly on the integrity of the leader of the free world, and surely that matters to us all.
The good thing though was that we came as a team. There were six of us in total and we each took a part in the load. Bennette operated the presentation software, Rey led the group in singing and each one handled sessions that were also their forte. This was not to say the seminar was easy. Due to a conflict of schedule for some of the participants, adjustments had to be made. The normally four-day seminar had to be squeezed into a time span of approximately 48 hours. It was also our first time to test the newly upgraded curriculum. But with everyone of the staff pitching in, what would ordinarily be very hard became enjoyable. However, we did have to stay up quite late at night checking the seminar workbooks and planning the next day’s event. And although the seminar was tight for us, this was certainly more tiring for the students who had to make lots of goals and a whole-year youth ministry plan besides.
So I continue.
Now, those visits are no longer daydream. I've got my first one booked for just after DIGGERS releases (the elementary school I attended as a child has invited me to speak. Yay!), and I really need to plan for it!
The cost is as follows: IPI and Blaca members £25; others £50. Students go free.
The family members that I would do anything for ARE the people I consider close friends as well. John and his family may not be blood relatives, but if ANYONE my family or otherwise said anything bad about them I would get into my first physical fight believe you me. So I think this whole don’t mess with ‘family’ cloak is nothing but a cop out for not wanting to take a stance on what is right and what is wrong. I see some of my friends more then I see some family members what makes blood lines more important than recognizing the general good in people. I think it’s sad that a friendship would ultimately end due to this idea of blood vs. close friend. Quite frankly, it’s a spineless excuse and one that has bothered me for a long time, but didn’t allow myself to admit how I felt. It wasn’t until I ranted about this to Kevin a few weeks ago that I realized that I was hiding behind my excuse of “I don’t know how I feel” instead of admitting to myself that it hurts, and it sucks, and I hate that I lost two people I considered my family, but I apparently wasn’t theirs because my blood wasn’t the same line.
This bowing effect – where the tips of the wing move downwards at speed – is commonly used as the front wing then sits closer to the ground and can generate more downforce. Despite a lot of theories about mechanisms or heat being responsible for the flex, the answer is much simpler: it is down to the way you want the wing to work i.e. the tips to bend down without the wing twisting and thereby reducing the wing’s angle of attack. This is all done with the lay-up of the composites – I’m told it is a “nightmare“ and have heard of composites technicians spending weeks trying different lay-ups to get this effect, but once worked out it is very effective.
This is my second-favorite book by any author. Interesting that it happens to be written by me! My favorite is Dandelion Wine by Ray Bradbury. In June of 1953 he wrote of “medicines of another time, the balm of sun and idle afternoons, the faintly heard sounds of ice wagons passing on brick avenues, the rush of silver skyrockets, all these in a glass.” I can't say enough about Ray Bradbury. Not too many people realize that his earlier works included over 500 publications on topics ranging from life in middle America to life on other planets and in formats ranging from plays to poems to novels. He was a master of science fiction. Among my favorite works of his from this genre are The Martian Chronicles, The Illustrated Man and Fahrenheit 451, which deals with a society who denies it’s citizens books. I hope that it never comes to fruition.
Preheat oven to 350. Combine flour, oats, soda, and salt. In another bowl beat butter on high until creamy then add sugar and beat until fluffy. Add eggs one at a time beating until fluffy then add vanilla and beat again. Add flour mixture a little at a time until barely blended, then stir in chips.
Pictured are two shirts I originally designed for my wife and I for when we do karaoke (she mostly sings while I just laugh), but then I thought maybe there are other couples who like to sing bad 80s songs and need a rockin' t-shirt? Bueller? Anyone?
We don’t need much else. We are already intrigued. Now maybe you could have added a sentence that hinted at the evil of Voldemort and how Harry is famous for being the only wizard to survive an attack (and that could ratchet up the initial story tension if you want to hint at the danger that is about to unfold). It’s not absolutely necessary though.
What you get is exactly what you give (What you do for Satan you’ll receive the same in return)
I grabbed the sticks (moved to higher ground), heated up my favorite toy (hot glue gun! I secretly want a bright pink one so it's a little more obnoxious) ;-)
they continue to seek reunification through the courts. Also, police
“And who is he who will harm you if you become followers of what is good? But even if you should suffer for righteousness’ sake, you are blessed. And do not be afraid of their threats nor be troubled. I Peter 3:13-14”
Before computers and the internet, finding a good art book was like uncovering a vein of gold. In those days, you couldn't find much on Bouguereau, Meissonier, Gerome, or Waterhouse. Sargent was just beginning to come into the light. It seemed worth spending $50 for a book, even if it had only two or three good color reproductions. I would stick yellow tags on the best pages, with the name of the artist written in small letters so I could find them again.
Amy is a fellow Dallas blogger I recently discovered, and have loved getting to know her through her blog, Fresh & Fancy. She's a gorgeous newlywed, buying a home and starting a new business! Whew, I'm tired just typing that sentence! She has great style and I can't wait to follow along with her journey of decorating their first home.
I still remember this phase and I remember thinking we'd never ever move beyond it. I can't honestly say we have moved past it... there are still moments. She had one today actually. We were at a friend's home for lunch and she retreated to where I was several times and "casually" positioned herself behind me where she was safe. She did a bit or rocking and rubbing and drooling but she didn't stay there the whole time. She wasn't trapped... she simply retreated to cope and then came back out. So it's still there but it not longer rules her experiences.
1. Bacon cheeseburgers, the clear winner
#1. I’m very commited with my job, sometimes even more than with my studies.
We had two fathers who came to meetings because their kids had ADHD and they were concerned about making sure the boys behaved, which was nice, except one of them chewed tobacco and always had a big wad in his cheek. Yes, in New Jersey, not Alabama or Oklahoma.
After I’d passed Arsikere, which is a largish town, I decided to stop at the first shaded cool bus-stop that I came across. But as luck would have it, the highway beyond Arsikere was being widened. Not only had they uprooted all the road-side trees but also covered the sides with loose mud, so that in places where some old figs a little off the road stretched out to offer me some shade, there was no place to actually sit. So on and on I went until I just had to stop at a little culvert under a small raintree. This was the first of many stops that I would make that afternoon. But it wasn’t very cool there and so once I had my breath back, I just decided to go on and try my luck further up the road.
It’s for the best.
The Cheshire Cat replied “That depends a great deal on where you want to get to”
4. Let the bloggers know that you have nominated them.
· Eddie Dean, president, Pacha
Thus wood is related to the liver (yin) and the gall bladder (yang); fire to the heart (yin) and the small intestine (yang); earth to the spleen (yin) and the stomach (yang); metal to the lungs (yin) and the large intestine (yang); and water to the kidneys (yin) and the bladder (yang).
Wesley Crusher, my Life Servant and husband comes in, and looks alarmed.
Fear does not equal fact. Just because you feel something is true does not make it so.
I’d made prior promises to the young work guy, though… and so at 9pm left my cosy den of great food and quirky new people and drove back to the coast… to a dank, uninspired hole in the wall filled with women (apparently he only has 4 male friends, and their shared enjoyment of grabbing each other’s groin was supposed to be the thing that convinced us that they weren’t gay), 90% of whom had grown up on the coast, and heard variations of the following at least 4 times through the evening, ‘Why’d you eva leave the place mate… I don’t get it. It’s f’ing paradise hear. PARADISE!!!’ .
Confectioners’ sugar, for garnish
Satellite Dish
And so I continued to try to solve the puzzle of my family, the family who were distant, mythological figures to me. The stories that I heard of them, whenever I did hear a story, sounded so wonderfully romantic. I filled in the rest that I didn't know about, which was most of it, with little snippets of knowledge that I had obtained here and there. Overheard conversations, the few times that I had actually met any of them and what I remembered from those times and of course, the snooping and thus the myth was born. And like most myths, it was all true in its way.
Because Ed has had seven strokes and is not exactly proactive or assertive, I sat beside him and gave the paramedic a three-minute summary of the hour I’d spent eliciting information from Ed. The paramedic’s response was not “Thank you for your assistance.” It was, “Who are you? What agency do you work for? Are you a relative? By what right do you speak?”
Maximum job performance is the focus of Shine: Using Brain Science to Get the Best from Your People by Dr. Edward M. Hallowell, MD, ($26.95, Harvard Business Review Press). The author has been a guest on many television shows discussing his philosophy and offers a five-step process to apply to any business culture. Though primarily a business-oriented book for managers, the advice can apply to many fields of endeavor. Though I am not and have never been a vegan, someone who avoids eating meat, there’s no denying that there have been many books advocating this life style in recent years. Your Mind at its Best ($13.99, Revell, softcover) has three authors who share forty activities and behavioral changes that scientific research has shown can support optimal brain health if they become part of your daily routine. Among the recommends is keeping one’s home free from carbon monoxide by checking for any gas leaks. Going to church is good for one’s brain as well as surfing the Internet to find things that interest and engage you. Making sure you give your heart a workout is yet another way to ensure brain health. In sum, this is an interesting, useful book. The same can be said of Be Excellent at Anything: The Four keys to Transforming the Way We Work and Life by Tony Schwartz ($16.00, Free Press, softcover) that debunks common myths about great performance such as the view that great performers get by on less sleep. Not so, they really average 8 ½ hours a night. The other myth is that a little anxiety helps motivate us when facing tough deadlines. False. The better we feel, the better we perform. My favorite is the myth of multitasking when, in fact, juggling multiple activities reduces the time to get one task done well. If you’re still in need of some motivation, try Tapping the Source by William Gladstone, Richard Greninger, and John Selby ($17.95, Sterling Publishing) that offers a practical daily process for changing one’s life for the better. It offers a system for improving one’s life and one’s opportunities using ancient meditative techniques and other methods.
While there is no formal way to properly assimilate oneself to a new country, it can be done without having to truly sacrifice one’s identify. In Binti’s opinion, assimilation will occur.
This was my day off and I behaved like a slovenly old woman – I did nothing and ate rubbish, but there was a bowl of home-made soup and one apple in the mix…and I did write a few hundred words on a story. I also read a quarter of a book (see above) and learned how to add photos to the sidelines of the blog. My mind rambled through the muddy paths of memory on a whim to discover things I might have done. The sun shone outside but I didn’t pay it any attention. I was lost in my own world within my own walls.
Greg Bear, Hull Zero Three: "There is little to say, except that it is capable in its own way . . . The paragraphs are short, to suit the expected attention-span of the reader . . . The important words are in italics."
Mexican President Felipe Calderon and his cabinet have been remarkably sanguine about the possibility that guns were trafficked to the archenemy with the encouragement of a foreign government. National Security spokesperson Alejandro Poire refused to accept that the operation existed and reserved comment until after the results of the pending U.S. investigation are released.
It's long been known that Forest City Ratner was considering the Brooklyn Navy Yard for a factory to build modules for its prefab plan, but EVP MaryAnne Gilmartin, according to GlobeSt.com, says the Navy Yard is the place.
Appalled
But let’s ditch the metaphors. They’re just another form of illusive smoke.
Urgh.
This square can be divided into 4 smaller squares, each with an area of 6. The sides of these smaller squares have length √6. Two of these lengths make up the side length of the large square, so √24 = 2√6.
Please take a moment to praise God with me that the sweet faces you see above will be starting their first day of school in less than 2 weeks. Pray for their little hearts as they adjust to a different daily schedule. A schedule that includes a chance at an education. To these children, an education is the key to ending extreme poverty and hunger. An education ensures that they learn valuable skills that help them grow, protect themselves from diseases, earn a better living, and empower them with the knowledge and leadership to build up their community.
experienced reproach that I might receive welcome,
Then last night, after she had been out for over an hour - over an hour without whining, which is a record for her, because she usually wants to come in five minutes after I've put her out because it's cold or there's a dog barking or someone is running a lawnmower or she has to use the litterbox, she started the Whine of Triumph. It's the whine she gives when she has something in her mouth that she wants me to admire.
If Jack didn’t give her to him, Fletch would take her. Either way, the treasure would be his.
This anomaly in pricing just exacerbates the problem - tenants never move with a resultant lesser supply and higher prices for the free market apartments, whether rentals or purchases. If you are fortunate enough to rent an apartment in an historic building, it is unlikely you will ever find a place like it at any price, for rent or sale. In my own building, 3 out of four residents have lived in their apartments for over 30 years. Often, rentals in regulated apartments are no more than the cost of maintenance fees on a similar unit for sale. So why buy? Many analyses have been done demonstrating that in New York City, it can be more prudent to rent than to buy.
And to round out the week, here’s an example of the kind of growth that can happen in the span of a day and a half:
And as we climb over 15 people to get to our seats, I ask each of them "How long has he been singing? Did I miss much?" and they all just glared at me except one lady who answered with "This is his first song" and I totally stopped right there and hugged her and yelled in her ear "I'm so excited, aren't you???!!! OMG, our boobs totally just touched!". Then the Captain pushed me into my chair and I promptly whipped out my phone and started videotaping. For exactly 21 seconds. That was how long it took the Captain to tell me I was blocking the view of the people behind me.
Now my maternal grandmother had Type I and my mother had Type II (mind you she was overweight and had high blood pressure so I don't know how much counts there), but I sort of started to wonder if I should go see a GP? I do drink allot of water and obviously go to the toilet lots, but that's not always because I'm thirsty, it's more a healthy choice and there isn't many boxes that I can tick with symptoms either, just the "eat or feel sick" symptom I have.
( It was early, he had nothing to eat or drink, it had to be too much sun)
Albarn released Mali Music in 2002. As the name suggests, the album's recording sessions were done in Mali, a trip he made to support Oxfam in 2000. He has also visited Nigeria to record music with African drummer Tony Allen. Albarn says he would like to produce a Blur album in Baghdad as he "likes the Iraqi style of music".
I wasnt selected, but I would like to say congrats to Flowerdisco & the other 7 designers chosen!!!!!!
[PureInsight.org] Edgar Cayce just wanted to be a photographer and lead a normal life. However, his ability to predict the lives of others kept him from being ordinary. Successful “readings” of people’s illnesses early on brought Cayce fame. Al Layne, Cayce’s hypnotist, Cayce’s father and people who were helped by Cayce’s readings hoped he would continue using his ability. Layne said that if Cayce had this kind of ability, then he had the moral obligation to do use it.
Winter is waning now, and I am feeling like I did not quite make the best of the time I had to organize, plan and well, germinate and prepare for the Spring. For the big GO! The green light, the shooting gun, the blazing sun.... Nature's shove to action.
water if required
There is also a deal at Walmart for this....
You might have parents who buy a curriculum, which resembles the timetable similar to the one used by the school train. Your mother might take on the role of "conductor," and insist that her car keep up with the train. She might not let you have much say as far as how fast to go or what the stops will look like. You might spend as much time in the car as schooled kids do on the train.
For example, normally when you first encounter the e-mail queen there is the occasional e-mail and as you pick up interest the e-mails increase exponentially but will eventually tail off marginally as you realize you probably ain't getting laid. That actually represents your Positively Skewed Curvilinear Preference Function where the "y" axis represents the number of e-mails/day and the "x" axis represents time in weeks until getting laid. As time goes on you get closer and closer to getting laid but never quite reach intersection (or in this hypothesis intercourse) as your function plots to infinity.
I recently had the pleasure of attending the Keith Haring: 1978-1982 exhibition at the Brooklyn Museum. I've always been enamored by the scope and reach of Haring's work, produced in such a short time span.
So, imagine the following scenario:
My personal suggestion would be that you use the same color as your "Main Color" throughout the blanket. This will help to anchor the blanket and pull all of the crazy color combinations together. :)
Honestly, AVATAR isn’t really suggesting that Jake makes a better Na’vi than any Na’vi does at all, but that he holds a uniquely qualified ability to become the specific military leader they need against this specific military threat. The Na’vi need to learn to teach him how to be one of them so he can become that military leader they need. Nearly all of the “Na’vi ways” that he’s taught end up having a specific military benefit: riding Pandoran horses and dinobirds, shooting with a bow and arrow, and connecting with the big, light-up tree all end up playing a vital role in the big battle. I’m not going to claim that the Na’vi god or high priestess intends for Neytiri (Zoe Saldana) to sex him to help turn him against the humans and keep him loyal to the Na’vi, but I’m not saying they’re all that surprised, either.
We are grateful to the staff of Saint Louis University Libraries Special Collections for their kind assistance and enriching the experience of our visitors.
I'm going to a pot luck in Williamsburg tonight and I'm riding with a friend. I get nervous when I'm someplace and have to depend on someone else for a ride home. It's people I don't know either so they're going to ask me questions about myself. Help! My old girlfriend and I flew to Portland, OR in 1999 or so to visit a married couple who were her friends and I hated being there so much that I feigned illness and hid in bed the whole weekend. The guy decided he wanted to teach me how to make beer. I just wanted it to end. That's how mature I can be.
I wanted to share a giveaway I am having over at Acute Designs. Get a chance to win a $15 store credit to my shop and a copy of Photoshop for Bloggers!!! There will be more giveaways coming soon!
I was so excited and honored when my dear friend Debbie, whom I've known since our RMS days and who is also a big reason why I started my blog, asked if I would like to be part of her home tour edition. I immediately said yes and then worked like crazy getting this post together!
No culture is better than other and same applies to different parenting styles. Each parent is unique and it is no one’s business to judge how they raise their kids. What is good or bad is an abstract notion, there is nothing absolute when it comes to raising a child. Being said that, it is not so difficult to be mindful of people around us, you don’t have to be a saint for that, just use your inner voices when you have an urge to prove superiority over others. As a French philosopher once said “To become truly great, one has to stand with people, not above them”.
contacted were reluctant to
Long story short, I did some remodeling recently. City code required that I use an AFCI for one of the bedroom circuits that was being remodeled. Some weeks after I completed the remodel, the AFCI started tripping. This meant I had to inspect each junction box and outlet to determine where an arc might be occurring.
- 1 1/4 cups vital wheat gluten
local news: i sprained my left knee and i've been icing it on and off for the last 3 days. it's raining. i'm trying to find joy in the small things...
Make a slit in the center of triangle try to place a small piece of dough trimming and if you want you can place a dates, or butter in center like I did. And tightly roll the triangle with stretching the ends maximum; this will give nice layers while rolling. Brush with egg wash and proof for about 2 hours at room temperature.
I think it's safer that way. The unbroken dishware tells me I am right.
You must never swing your legs in church. That’s giving the devil a ride.
It’s free, so you really can’t lose. Get on it.
For those of you interested in Would You Read It (or simply in learning how to write a good pitch) there was an excellent post on Cheryl's blog: How To Pitch Your Book. The post uses a novel as an example, but it can easily be applied to picture books. If you follow the basics rules, it will help you come up with a beautiful 3 sentence pitch. Just right!
4. Give yourself an allowance. Instead of spending, swiping, spending try to only spend the amount you have allocated to yourself. Also, be realistic about the cost of living so that you are not tempted to over spend.
The upside of having a pleasant association with someone is that you are more inclined to believe in their product or service. You start to align your enthusiasm for the person with your interest in what they are offering.
I know that this is a slight violation of the ethics of TGSKE, as this is not being talked about in chronological order of when it was written, but I can’t be expected to wait until I finish reacting to 110 or so more things before I talk about how awesome this piece is, can I?
So you see the Fair is not just about books. One publisher with a new look was Barrington Stoke. A few years back they slightly lost their way, overpublishing at seventy titles a year. Now they have a new logo, a squirrel, a new slogan, "Cracking reading" and have reduced to forty titles. Here are Sales and Marketing Director Jane Walker, Managing Director Mairi Kidd and "Snuggs" the squirrel, named after Bounce distributor Robert Snuggs.
The Gameplay… well thats a different story. Its reminds me of the ATB System… but its not finished. All the basics are there, the meter fills, you get an action, and you use it, but its not like you think. First, the enemy can still attack you while your picking an action. That bugs me, but more than it should because the lvl, attack, defense scale in this game for player and villians are way unstable. You can fight something with no problem one minute, then meet an enemy that can hit you for 2000 points of damage in one attack. This is not right… another this is that the screen will never tell you why an attack with not hit. I don’t mean just missing, i mean it will just waste MP, and you will have no idea if you missed, if he’s immune, or if god hates you.
Predator Press
Next books in the series:
Introduce craft: Who was God going to send to the disciples? The Holy Spirit.
Lets start with the first question: why do people who only use diet to lose weight drop pounds faster and then put it back on?
Please click on the picture for a closer look.
"There he is. Lawrence. His nickname was Chesty. They called him a bull on the football field because he was so powerful. He was a mighty fine man. "
I checked in the rearview mirror, and suddenly, he was gone. The sideview mirror revealed the most horrifying hilarious image ever- my ex was bouncing down the side of the road. I could see him trying to stop himself, but it wasn't working. His limbs were this way and that, and he looked like a ragdoll. The skateboard flew underneath my car and out the front, and I stopped quickly and jumped out. He was lying in the gravel, moaning and groaning. "I hit a rock," he mumbled.
A: f4.0
1) The Rising of the Black Sun - Astra – from “The Weirding”
16:30 : 16:50 Break
Don't forget to pop back later to see who the lucky winner is :-)
A couple of nights ago my bedside clock started to make an odd buzzing noise. Not all the time. Just ever few minutes there’d be this electronic cackle and then it would lapse into silence. Eventually I unplugged it so I wouldn’t spend the whole night lying there waiting for the next occurrence. There will be an explanation why it’s suddenly decided to make that noise but I’ll probably never know what it is. And people I find are like that too. We get sudden itches and pains and spots. Let’s talk about spots. Spots appear in the queerest places don’t they? I mean we’re not androids like Data but we are biological machines and sometimes we don’t, as Data might put it, function within normal parameters. And we never know why. Why did our body decide to give us a pimple on our eyelid or inside a nostril? You could go mad trying to answer questions like that.
Making these books is so easy, with all the prompts and helpful messages Kodak ensures that your book will come out great. Some of the pics I had were such low resolution that when I tried to drop them in, I got a warning saying the quality might be poor. Simply change the layout or drop the pic into a smaller spot!
the sound of crickets
62. If every person in China stood on a chair and jumped off at the same time…it would knock the earth off its axis!
You know you have your go-to song that will actually make you cry harder than you were before you listened to it. This song will make you wish you were dead. After listening to it, you will know for sure you will never meet anyone and will die alone. Or, it will remind you of all the terrible things your ex did and how much you hate him now. And that, my friends, is a good breakup song.
Dagsavisen received over 40 million kroner in state subsidies in 2011 alone, more than any other newspaper in the country. The newspaper has been on life support for years, and would most likely go bankrupt without this continuous blood transfusion that is forcibly sponsored by Norwegian taxpayers of all political colors.
Roy Matsuzaki was the first person who agreed to sit for a formal portrait for this project. I met Roy in 2008 at a breakfast event that brought together some Japanese-American internees and European Holocaust survivors. When I talked to Roy before the event he told me that his family had been forced to leave California, and were sent to each of the two internment camps in Arkansas: the Rohwer and Jerome War Relocation Centers. This was the first that I had ever heard of any internment camps east of Colorado.
Brought to you by Mancini’s Sleepworld.
Also, on the first night in the hotel, I had a rather upsetting dream. In the entire time I was down there, the only days I really had dreams of any kind was Friday night/Saturday morning, and then Tuesday night/Wednesday morning; I think I was just too tired and had too little sleep otherwise to really dream, or remember what I was dreaming. In that dream on Saturday morning, I was being drowned by a rather attractive guy (who I recognized…not someone I knew very well or at all at that point, but someone I had seen during the previous day) in a swimming pool. It was not horrific, and I can’t really say it was a nightmare per se, but it was just sort of disturbing. One of the Mystai then suggested to me in the days to come that drowning isn’t necessarily a “bad thing,” especially when we consider what happened to Antinous because of drowning. In my exercises before that, and especially after, I rather wanted to avoid the swimming pool itself therefore; but, despite that, when I “dunked” myself under for the final part of the Inundation exercises each day, I made sure to stay down under the water a lot longer than I had done previously, attempting to run out of breath underneath before coming up. And, I think that sort of “worked,” for whatever value of “worked” I was going for.
Part One: Becoming The Observer
To be resistant we have to challenge ourselves and step out of the system we live in for a while and think: Is this the way I want it to be? Is something else possible? Why is it like this?
My character rocks.
I keep a set of notebooks that I take to workshops and training sessions. This means I always know where to go when I need to look something up. I usually secure any handouts into the notebook with a paperclip and keep the pages together with an elastic band. These notebooks have a perforated line so that it’s easy to tear out pages and file them elsewhere, as necessary.
We trip
It does not matter which group you are in A or B..... that is for me to know....
Martha Stewart San Serif Typeface and Custom Stamp Setting Kit
Anybody interested in solid-sounding soundboards from the 1974 band? I thought so...
5. Don't eat it. I made myself eat the food I wrote about in #4. Why? Because I didn't want to waste all that food. Well, I already wrote about the hiccups. I'm pretty sure they are caused by the strange combination of chili sauce, soy sauce, Frank's hot sauce, and diced tomatoes. Gross!! Needless to say, Chris just pulled a pizza out of the oven. :-/
Pages: 464
1469 D-V/24/2003. “On Euripides’ Iphigenia in Aulis.” Seminar, Lenoir-Rhyne College HickoryHumanities Forum, Wildacres Conference Center, Little Switzerland, North Carolina.
Choco Island 2 1:01:620
We say there’s no place like home, but when we’ve been blown away by some tornado, when we’re pursued by some wicked adversary, when we’re surrounded by a moral landscape so strange as to defy description, it’s very hard to remember that anything else even exists. It takes effort to overcome such inertia, even though the effort is paradoxical: we just have to be still for a few minutes, and click those heels.
Hopefully, I'll have enough time after my volunteer duty in the school library tomorrow to complete the page to hold said postcard before posting it on Friday morning.
The three white butterflies (often known as cabbage whites) will very shortly be in evidence (Large White, Small White and Green-veined White) and then the season is really under way.
Many years ago, Cpt. Delta, Holmes, and I were all at a meeting of sorts in Somewhere, Texas. To get there, I drove through the night with Cpt. Delta and a couple of other guys. Holmes was not with us.
You have eaten them prepared fresh
It’s not what we expected at all but quite frankly, that just makes us love it more. Take a listen to our exclusive stream below and tell us what you think.
Dah dah dah, dah dah dah. That sound is as recognizable as any, unless you’ve been living under a rock for 30 years. The sound helps define the iconic brand of ESPN, just like the noise when you open a Windows computer or turn on NBC. “Those Guys Have All the Fun” is the ultimate history of ESPN as a network and as a brand, and the authors, James Andrew Miller and Tom Shales, have left no stone unturned, including an interview with John Colby, the creator of that legendary sound. Colby didn’t know he had created something so timeless until Charley Steiner pulled him aside and said, “Holy shit, man, do you know what’s going on with this dah dah dah thing?” Miller and Shales present this otherwise remarkable birth as just another day in Bristol during the early years of ESPN.
One of the biggest concerns home buyers have, especially first time home buyers, is their credit. I have a lot of people come in not knowing what their credit is like or how the credit score even works.
Nuclear experts noted that other lethal radioactive isotopes would also be released in such a fire, but that the focus is on cesium-137 because it easily volatilizes and spreads pervasively, as it did during the Chernobyl accident and again after the disaster at Fukushima Daiichi last year.
personality thinking of rest rooms (Bagman), but what do people in
I can't believe that we only have 8 weeks left!! We can say that we are now 8 months pregnant and that just sounds insane! haha :) How did we get here.
Ultimately, the only sound advice I can give will probably be one of the most hypocritical pieces of writing I have ever done. You will never know enough to stride into an exam hall and feel impervious to the pressure. Nerves are a good thing, they are part of our primal instinct that let us get the drop on Woolly Mammoths and scuttle back to our caves before night fall. The one positive that can be taken from this pre-exam anti-rapture is the strange feeling of absolution that often overtakes you. The pressure to revise is gone, you read your cheat sheet all the way to the exam hall and even did a quick test with your housemate, and probably failed them all, but now there is nothing more you can do. All you can hope is that you did your best. I know that is a clichéd phrase that has been pushed forward by parents and teachers for decades but there is a grain of truth. The feeling of the end of revision is only surpassed by that end of exam feeling. May as well get your head down and try and learn a year’s worth of work in a week. What’s the worst that can happen? Well aneurisms are pretty bad.
I've done so many fun cookies sets lately that I need to catch up! Maybe I'll have 2 posts this week?! gasp or 3???
I hesitated, isn’t it funny, I am a prayer room guy, there to help others who are going through a hard time and maybe need a little help and support, yet when it came to me it was different. The first thoughts that went through my head were “I am a prayer room guy, I am here to help you, not the other way around” as if because I wore the little nametag on my shirt that meant I had my act together (do we ever do that as Christians?).
Fast forward to another memory.
You’re still such a good eater. You love chicken, which I’m so happy about! I craved chicken sandwiches (mostly Chick-fil-a) when I was pregnant with you, and I was worried that you would HATE chicken, which would be bad in our family! But you love it! We buy a rotissierie chicken at the grocery store each week, and you eat lots of the white meat! You also love kiwis, bananas, apples, peaches, pears, avocado, yogurt, cottage cheese, scrambled eggs, cheese and above all else — anything with carbs! You love bagels, bread, pancakes… but we try to limit the carbs that you get and keep them mostly whole wheat. You eat so many things that I can’t think to list them all here! Recently, you loved lasagna florentine (made with ground turkey and spinach) and spinach quiche. I think hiding veggies in other foods may be the way to go because you’ve recently stopped wanting to eat steamed veggies.
Happy New Year guys, It's 2011 a new year and a fresh start, New years eve was a lot of fun. Dinner with some of my best friends, and hell of a party later. With some new friends, some old friends I haven't seen in ages and my boyfriend. It was so much fun. And the fire works was beautiful. So tomorrow it's back to school and work, so it's time to get to bed. Happy New Year.
Pepperdine – Like FSU, Pepperdine also finished with a perfect season. Pepperdine comes into the tournament as the #1 seed and the favorite to win the national championship. Under the leadership of veteran head coach Nina Matthies, the Waves will look to be collegiate sand volleyball’s first champion. For Pepperdine to win it all, they need the excellent duo of Caitlin Racich and Summer Ross to lead the way.
Paul: Oh plenty - the Flanaess has no shortage. There's some great places in Aerdy that would have been fun to adorn with some more background and current whispers and rumours - the Blood Obelisk of Aerdy, Permanence, Rinloru to name but a few.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Archbishop John C. NienstedtArchbishop John C. Nienstedt is the 11th Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis. View the Archbishop's full bio.
As I mentioned in my last post I've been rather bored tonight so I just decided to check out some of my favourite blogs. It turns out my man Retronic over at Retro-Teque has been on an uploading tear which has resulted in several great library records and compilations becoming available online. One of his most recent posts is "Hard Hitter" by Keith Papworth, an album that I have been lusting after for quite some time.
you see where I am going with this
Oops -- forgot to add in my last post that I'm looking for a beta reader.
Coat both sides of chicken parts with salt, crushed black pepper and generously sprinkle with paprika to cover the chicken totally.
I absolutely love coffee. I can hardly function if I don't have my morning cup. I would love to enjoy my morning cup while relaxing, but the reality is that I usually grab it in a to-go cup and drink it on my way to work. The down-side to drinking it on the way to work is that summers are so hot in south Alabama, and hot coffee makes it almost impossible to cool off (even with my AC going full speed).
Y-e-l-l-o-w, Y-e-l-l-o-w
Cotesbach Garret. Sam Towers was laid to rest today in the churchyard at St Mary’s, Cotesbach.
1/6 - onions (Draw onions on any 1 of the 6 yellow slices)
When you have a great idea and decide to run with it, what is it that drives people to try to put you down and discourage you? We have all had those moments where our loved ones tell us they are trying to look out for our own best interest. My husband was told by a good friend of ours, there comes a point when the student surpasses the master. At this point you must be grateful for what knowledge you have learned, then move on.
Now that the sentiment of society is turning, that sentiment must not be lost and must be given avenues of concrete and substantive action to take so as to advance this cause. It will also mean a personal willingness to understand that you, as an individual, actually are responsible for your sexual activities and accountable for them in all instances. That has been a vital battleground that must be taken back to firm up society into one that is life supporting and tolerates as little in the way of abortions as possible and is attempting to remove the need for them through technology, techniques, principled empowerment of understanding the vitality of life and the best route of putting your money where your principles are at. If those principles are right and good, then investing in them in concrete terms will yield a better society and better future.
"Are you hurt or just scared?" I repeatedly asked her, starting to freak out that she might have been hurt. Finally she answered me.
South Africa is burning and the revolutionary winds are flaming the fires.
and then we started potty training.
the adoptive love
I can feel the cold grip of winter loosening its hold here in northeast Nebraska. We had an extremely nice winter, but I am still happy to see spring. Below are some sure signs that spring has arrived at the farm….
In addition to the main library Trondheim folkebibliotek has five branches in the suburbs: Byåsen, Heimdal, Moholt, Risvollan and Saupstad. The branches are (i.a.) located in secondary school, supermarket and public service buildings. We also have a branch in Trondheim prison. The branches are open between 40 and 47 hours per week.
The cowboy then insisted upon reciting an x-rated version of The Night Before Christmas. Of which I can't remember but a single line except ... there was Saint Nick staring at her gash.
To plenums parallel!
To leave your home and all her fears.
Posting junkmail as a pissed-off postman"
Also: Your cellphone is always on the fritz and your provider sucks
The words of these heroes became reality on 7 July 2005 when 52 innocent people were murdered by Third World immigrants in London. Enoch had told the Southall Chamber of Commerce on 4th November 1971, “Yet it is more truly when he looks into the eyes of Asia that the Englishman comes face to face with those who will dispute with him possession of his native land.”
Thank you for reading my NEW POST! I am soooooooo glad I created a new one because I have been away from darling WordPress and my precious blog readers far too long! Life is good! Be sure to take a look at my next article about my abused laptop. It is crushing. Still crying on the inside. Hard.
It's going to be a glorious day.
I have become a bargain shopper over the years. My $300 coats have been replaced by reinvented vintage items that I have found at thrift shops for $3-6. Sometimes I have to add a button or a new lining, but the items wear better than their over-priced brethren. I believe it is the pride of accomplishment stitched into it. So, instead of heading to the Anthro store, I’m going to dive thru thrift shops and dollar stores to find mugs to bring back to life.
Educational toys are important to stimulate your child's imagination and also to challenge their problem solving ability. It makes them think about what they are doing and what will happen when they do it - or if they do not do it. It helps to train their small and large motor skills so that they can become skilled at doing other things. Such skills will be important to them as adults.
Best Actress Greta Garbo, Camille (6 votes)
Apologies for the short post and remember that I’ll try and write a Kid Icarus review as soon as I can!
Ways to connect to the Snake Totem:
Speaking of fakers:
I ended up with the other outfit items in a similar way. The dress, in real life, matches the base color of the book perfectly, and has little red dots mirroring the hidden red text of the title, and the little in her dress, and all of that. I relied on my hair for the browns, and another beloved fieldguided tote for the dreamy strangeness I associate with my favorite kinds of stories.
I miss you and I want to sincerely apologize. I dont want things to turn out this way. I made a stupid mistake and I shouldnt have sent that to you and I apologize for that again but is that a reason to shut me out of your life? Was it that serious to you? Please talk to me tonight, I miss you and want to know how XXXXXXXXXX is doing. I dont think we should throw away this friendship over nothing? I'll be on about 10 if you want to talk. Hope youre there!
So, the first thing I did out of this last situation was from day one begin saying to myself the that man is out there somewhere and to not give up. Well, that helped me to stay positive through Valentine’s Day and beyond; however, it was that conversation with my coworker that has truly helped me to find that strength that I needed. Almost everyday I actually say to myself that there is more than one man out there that I can fall madly in love with, make the proper compromises, and experiences all that I want in return. I simply say to myself “you are not the only one out there that can love me.”
The sensible option would be to shorten the running distance between the start and first obstacle. That way jockeys and horses would not have the space to get to dangerous speeds.
When we were living in Ireland, most of our holidays over the past ten years were spent in my wife's home town of Mosbach, a small town on the south edge of the Odenwald, a mostly rural, rugged area that my wife would love to live in. Now that we live in Germany, nothing seems to have changed, and as I write, we're half way through a two-week stay with the in-laws, where I am steadily gaining weight. The Rhine-Neckar area is really wine country, and the Odenwald is considered an apfelwein-producing area, but there are local breweries to be found, though it feels like there's not as many as in some other parts of Germany. In fact, going on drives over the past week we stumbled across two, but they were both closed at the time. I'll try to make a return.
Snippet: A is for the Anatomy of the Titanic
‘It’s difficult’. Progress made I leave it there for another few days. The same conversation is had again and frustrated I contact someone higher up the food chain.
Legaleaglemhm
The shooter said he did not leave his apartment after the shooting.
Mr. Tango Collins (kicking and screaming): I know your mom and dad and I know they want you to dance with me - I'm going to tell on you and then you won't be able to refuse next time I ask!
painted it with Tombows, cut it out and layered it
Like lasts night, when I took a closer look at the nutrition facts on my beloved Greek Gods honey-flavored yogurt, instead of just relying on a general Greek yogurt is good for you! theory.
Now, readers here know I looooove the moon. Love, love, love it and often photograph it. And then bore the hell out of you with pictures. I hear you in my head groaning, "For God's sake, we get it, you like the moon. It's the same damn moon every month. Why for the love of all that is holy do you keep taking the same pictures?" Because I'm obligated to, of course. If I don't snap the moon, I go crazy lying in bed, picturing the moon in all its glory going unphotographed. I have to! Damn it, don't you understand? It's the MOON!
How To Talk To A Widower (Jonathan Tropper)
But his father, again right out of the gate, meets this monstrous injustice with mercy. Far from taking the expected action — throwing his ungrateful son out bodily — he endures, ungrudgingly, the anguish of dividing his life with his son.
"I have a problem getting reasonable insurance as I am now regarded as high-risk because of claiming for my car being stolen," he said.
You'll never, ever meet anybody like me,
Flax had rotted there, weighted down by huge sods.
His dad said, it wasn’t anything you said that day. It was from a day long ago, where we were having an argument. I was wrong, I knew I was wrong, and we were arguing.
Being a mom, I have a special place in my heart for children; not just my own but all of them. (This is not to say all moms feel this way, but that I feel this way because I am a mom.) It hurts me in a way that I can't describe when I hear of a child or children being hurt through malice or neglect. As I have written before, I can't help them all. I can't. It hurts to admit that too. I cannot help them all, but it is a truth. All I can do is pray that they are taken care of, that their suffering doesn't damage them, or that their suffering ends one way or another. Goddess be merciful to your children. Hold them close to You and shelter them in the safety of Your arms. Let the thunder of Your heartbeat and the wind of your Breath be their lullaby until such time as they may join us again.
I will be back in the morning, with my Totally Papercrafts DT card and it's my first time hosting the Challenge.
Recipes are sometimes like that too. Some works, some don't.
8 tell
It is visiting the school at Matsopane Village to deliver letters from America, and a pile of new stationary - kids laughing and playing around you, while others watch with solemn concentration to hear about their new friends in USA.
My mother has arrived and has met the little girl…good luck is all I have to say. She’s a first time granny!
I layered him on several patterns of the DSP and then trimmed off the part of the circle that was hanging over the edge of the layers. Before putting this large piece on the card base I added three snowflake brads and several frosted "snowballs" to outline the circular piece.
It's all well and good for him to preach about the horrors of gas-guzzling cars, but not everyone can afford a hybrid. Sorry Al, some of us have to buy cars that are (gasp!) 10 years old or more. Some of us don't have the luxury to make choices about what kind of hybrid we want; it's more like what hooptie we can afford. Some of us can't afford cars at all. And you know, for someone who preaches about the wonders of public transportation, I don't see Al on the bus very often. Now, mind you, he might have been squeezed in between the guy that was drunk and crawling with lice and the little old lady with 37 shopping bags who insists on giving me child-rearing advice, but I didn't see him. Besides, he strikes me as more of the type that takes up two bus seats and worries about people stepping on his shoes.
When Mandela’s dies the msm will start bullying us into worshiping The Earth, and will most certainly use Madiba’s name, every year on Mandela Day (18 July) to accomplish this. The have actually already begun with several schemes to make us feel guilty for destroying the planet – and mark my words, they’ll make us pay for it!
Work for me (Kara) has been really good. I don't feel completely comfortable with everything yet, but it's coming along well. The people I work with are great, and very helpful with newbies! Everyone seems to really love their jobs, and a few spend time there on days off sometimes just to hang out. I think that's a good sign a decent place to work. One crazy thing is that every day, someone brings in something for everyone to eat. Doughnuts (on four different days already), veggies, fruit, chips & dip, chili, candy, chocolate cake, popcorn, coffee, etc. (That's only for the first 2 weeks!). I am really going to need to watch how many 'snacks' I'm munching on between patients! :) It's been interesting to me to get to know the patients I work with since the work is completely different than in ND. Most of the older people I got to work with in ND and MN grew up farming or ranching, and here most people grew up being loggers. I even had one patient here whose grandma came here from Europe and was forced to work at a tuna cannery in California when she was 8. Crazy! So now it's Andy's turn....
as, in rapture of spirit,
Perhaps you'll be sending some Valentine cards in the mail or you want to add some fancy personalization to your Valentine cards or crafts. Check out one of my all time favorite inspirational sites Jones Design Company for a fake calligraphy tutorial. Emily Jones will show you just how easy it is to create your very own fake calligraphy to dress up your envelopes. If you find yourself getting frustrated or you don't want to spend the time doing it, she also provides calligraphy type font you can download for $3.99.
I will have so much fun reuphostering them all.
And I learned in return, that ED had a miscarriage as well, about a year ago, that she didn’t want to tell me about, but felt she had to now, because of what I’d revealed to her.
The price id $6.00 and you can order it by clicking on the Add to Cart button bellow
This latest Layout is made using the lovely sketch over at Purple Pumpkin (just love that blog name, do you, it's so funny!)
But hey, there's nothing wrong with having the brisk morning air put a bit of a spring in your step, considering the "season", right?
‘I’m back’, she says after lunch, when we’re sipping more coffee, her eyes bright and shining. ‘This is me. What I’m like. When I’m happy I’m, like – yippee!. No stress, no secrets. No depression. Everything is different.’
She stopped intermittently to gather my pre cum on her finger and bring her coated finger to my nipple where she spread my nectar on the hard pink button and resumed her suckling, this time licking my precum from my nipple. She continued this cycle of collecting, spreading and sucking for a long time. I really couldn’t tell how long as I was lost in a delirium of smoldering desire.
Flung down by corpse evangelists
Read it if you want but it's doubtful you'll read it twice.
But as I fumbled around with where to go next, a powerful reminder suddenly dawned on me: sitting next to me on the sofa was an 8 and 7 year old wading through an enormous amount of life-discovery. I can vaguely remember it was about that time that I began wondering how all types of things worked…especially justice. Unfortunately in this situation, justice was administered, but it was the wrong kind.
Fun Trivia:
The difference in outlook can be seen clearly in this story: I remember a homeschoolers group activity my sister and I were part of one summer. They gave us each a small New Testament bible, and we memorized a small passage each meeting. Actually, I think it might have specifically been a bible club thing, that my sister and I decided to go to simply because we had friends there. But either way, I remember that Emi loved that little bible. It had a faux-leather cover and gold writing. Emi thought it looked like a spell book, and used it as such in her regular play.
It's a celebration of July 1, 1867 when Canada won its independence from Britain by combining two British colonies and a province of the British Empire into one big, massive block of ice and snow. Under the agreement, the new country would still be under British Rule, but they would be able to learn to speak English correctly, other than still being required to put an extra "U" in most words, such as colour, honour, and Ouctober.
I don't blame the hospitals - obviously there is a huge cost factor. But you have to think of the health of the patients as well don't you?? They are all there because they are not that well, so being fed food and beverages in plastic that leaches Bisphenol-A really can't be helping their health.
This is always my first stop at High Street. I don't own any, but I would like to someday.
Tank, hand me down from Alannah
I believe the story was originally reported by KOAT reporter Amber Lee but I have been unable to pull up her report.
In the “Plant Portrait” section they profile everything from arugula to fava beans, okra to spinach and of course tomatoes. There are 46 profiles in all, even more when you consider that some, like “onions, shallots, and scallions” are grouped together.
In many cases, the hit and run driver left the scene because:
Robert Butler has properties in the Shannon Free Zone and National Technology Park. He is possibly most associated today with what the Irish Independent claims is a €15m development on Henry Street in Limerick.
… Hike… Walk… Run
Here I am:
big
Far from fixed, immutable, codified principles, constructivists proffer a system of norms that is fundamentally dynamic and constantly changing. Even the preeminent structural realist Stephen Walt has noted, constructivism is perhaps the most befitting approach to explain change in international politics. Soviet President Gorbachev’s effort to reorient the Soviet Union’s strategic posture is a strikingly pertinent illustration of Sikkink’s agentic constructivism.
this morning along with some other books on how to teach your
nicknames, which have also been taken overseas by some who
Spun gold,
granddaughter in a plastic Hot
What would a ninja wizard do?
4. Haha! Love H&O! Miss you too!
There are problems with this idea. It’s a balancing act between value and expectation. What I’m seeing in self-publishing (at least with fiction, which is where I am coming from) is that readers are developing an expectation of low value because they are having to spend on poor books in order to find good ones. If you are finding only 1 book in 3 at $.99 that is worth your time, the mindset is that you spent $3 to get a good book. Books are an odd and difficult product to market because it’s hard to perceive its actual value without purchasing, and it’s not like you can return it for a refund if you don’t like it.
That’s because Germany has been one of the primary winners of the policies that kept Southern European economies weak. Its resilient economy continues to withstand the recession hitting the eurozone periphery; indeed, unemployment continues to be at record lows.
What most people in South Africa remain oblivious to are the millions upon millions illegal immigrant Africans living in Europe. Go to any big European city and you'll see desperate Black Africans trying to sell items of fake goods, or whatever else that could possibly get them money to send back home. The Mediterranean Sea has THOUSANDS of Africans per week crossing over to seek better prospects in Europe. I predict that we're to see ALL South Africans following the same path, unless we start dealing with these issues pragmatically we have standing thanks to extremists like Malema.
Without “two” to choose from, man created by his Creator could not engage the power of his free will. In choosing, man reveals his heart and the state of his true existence.
So there we have it in a nutshell. The implication I take from DCS Williams’ evidence is that the police were looking for reasons not to have to enquire into matters. The assumption seemed to be that unless the evidence of “hacking” struck them over the head, they should not really go looking for it.
Stamp Sets: Baby Prints
Crème Caramel is my childhood memory – My mummy Jenny’s favourite dessert, one which I grew up eating and never got sick of. However, she never got around to perfecting this at home simply because there is so much that can go wrong with the tedious custard-making process. And so I dedicate this post to my beautiful mother, whom I dearly love to bits. And if you’re wondering why I chose to publish it on the 3rd of May, it’s because it’s my dearest mother’s birthday today! Happy Birthday my dearest Ma! :)
Derry City Council is to employ a private security firm to open and close security gates around the city walls.
It is possible that critics like Schickel were too accustomed to Peck’s image as Atticus Finch in To Kill A Mockingbird (1962) to imagine him playing tougher characters by that point in his career. While Peck might not have been the right ethnicity for Artiguez (the character was based on a real-life anti-Franco rebel named "Zapater"), he got everything else nailed down perfectly about the character: his laziness, his grumpiness, his method of viciously pulverizing all those who lie to him or stand in his way. Zinnemann, who in his autobiography praised Peck as having turned in a “riveting performance," was right to cast him.
Once the lid was on and the bowl shaken generously, I put the salsa into the fridge to chill while lunch was made. I went with a classic that I can make with my eyes closed at this point: Stove-top chicken and rice.
Besides swimming in milk and cheese we are also rolling in eggs. Yay for good old home raised farm foods. And now, I must go punch down the dough rising in the windowsill and create pizzas for dinner from it. With extra cheese. ;)
The big number, 8.2% unemployment, is down one-tenth of one percent from last month, on 120,000 net new jobs. But 120,000 is only just barely enough to keep up with population growth, because that’s about how many people should enter the labor force each month, every month, the whole year round. But even more people — 164,000 — simply gave up, stopped looking for work, and are no longer any concern of the BLS. The experts had predicted jobs growth of anywhere from 200,000 to 250,000.
If you’ve lived a number of years in the United States, you’ve inevitably heard some variation of the following:
(All of Nancy's books are great, I have almost all of them!)
Hate your contrived cordiality.
Thailand is blooming!
The other difference is that in the coming six months, the Sun will rise and set a little after 6 o’clock. During the other half of the year, it’s a little before. Regardless, every day is 12 hours, come hell or high water, which incidently is a pretty good description of the seasons here.
You look at me and suddenly it’s spring.
Q: (Michael Schmidt – Auto, Motor und Sport) Sebastian, you struggled in the end with your tyres; was it just because they had two more laps on them than Mark’s tyres, or was it a set-up thing? Or was it something general because it was a similar story in Montreal when Jenson was catching you up?
November is National Novel Writing Month, also known as NaNoWriMo. It is a competition put on every year by the Office of Letters and Light. They are an incredible group of people who also put on contests for script writers, young adult writers and artists. The goal of NaNoWriMo: to write a novel in 30 days. That’s 50,000 words in one month. You can write about anything you want; the Old West, pixies in cyberspace, the memoir of your childhood. As long as it’s original (and not a single phrase repeated over and over, of course) it counts. Hundreds of people who don’t consider themselves to be writers, who have only toyed with the idea of writing a novel from time to time, participate just to see if they can do it. It also attracts a great many unpublished writers hoping the momentum will be what they need to finally get that novel finished!
France Miniature
The lodge is situated on the beach with an open air lobby and bar. Charlie, the bartender, welcomed us with a freshly made pineapple smoothie to quench our thirst after a hot and sweaty walk. It was much appreciated. The lodge has twenty-three tent cabins situated throughout the property. We had number fifteen with an ocean view from the deck. The tent cabins are primitive, but seemed to fit perfectly in the jungle surrounding the property. We passed the remainder of the day by enjoying the hiking trails around the lodge, swimming in the ocean, reading, and watching sunset from the hammocks. We even spotted a couple of whales going south for the winter.
I accept where I am.
My flaws bow deeply before the inborn perfection
in my opinion, is a resistance by my family to confront problems,
Wakeboarding is a surface water sport which combined the skills of water skiing, snow boarding and surfing techniques. A wakeboard can be pulled by a boat, cable system, or a winch over a body of water, according to The Board Shop.
It’s important to note that Wade came into the fight with a record of 0-1, and he was knocked out in his only previous fight. So it’s not like Kimbo beat a particularly impressive opponent. The fact that Kimbo was fighting an 0-1 fighter at a casino in Oklahoma on a card that wasn’t even televised indicates that promoter Gary Shaw knows Kimbo has a long way to go before he’ll be a legitimate fighter who’s ready for public exposure.
Skirt hems must have gotten rather bedraggled on those days I imagine...
I look into her smile, into her face and into her soul.
4. Why did the Greek boy run away from home?
out where they shouldn’t be, use your seam
Authors Note:
There is little need for tears or terror,
width:880px;
I love myself fully in every moment. In the good times and in the bad. I know that through self-love and self-care I am empowering myself to be free to fully take charge of my POWER and to live my L.I.F.E.
Blessed Maria Gabriella held fast to the sound teaching she received from the Church through her family, her parish, and her monastic community. She bore witness to the objective truth that she experienced in the daily round of liturgical prayer to which she was faithful as long as her health allowed her to go choir. When that was no longer possible, she continued to bear witness to the objective truth actualized in the sacred liturgy by uniting herself to the Sacrifice of the Mass from her sick bed.
So…short version of this ramble – Take control of how you feel and how your days go. You’re the driver, everyone else in your life is a passenger. While you should want to make the people you love happy, YOU can’t make yourself miserable in order to do so! Gosh it took me a long time to learn this one. Hope everyone else had a nice day too!
Prentice also claimed that the contents of the McNeilage tape had not been gathered from any illegal voicemail access, and that no evidence existed of phone or voicemail interception.
Tell me how I’m supposed to breathe with no air?
The area collectively assailed by the above violence and national vivisection stretches from the Adriatic Sea to the Caspian Sea, north of the Broader (or Greater or New) Middle East which in turn begins in Mauritania and ends in Kazakhstan, from Africa’s Atlantic coast to China’s western border.
Alongside the American flag, fast food, fundamentalist Christianity, and giant-sized SUVs, Bruce Springsteen is a name synonymous with the USA. If we each searched our memories we’d probably all have a vision somewhere of the man himself – bandana-clad, belting out the chorus to ‘Born in the USA’ while punching in the air, big drums pounding in the background. For a long time now Springsteen has been held up as the USA’s patriotic man of the hour. But what does The Boss really have to say about his homeland?
1) Summers are full of rain god dammit. Rain, rain, glorious rain. This isn't London, but just get the net already, it's not f@%#ing Ibiza either. You will have rain at least 45% of every month. Can we get on with our lives and discuss something more interesting now?
We had originally planned to get married in the Spring of next year but then decided that was too far away for us. lol
Belonging to a community is really hard work. We don’t get to choose the people we work with, but we rely on each other to accomplish our goals. My biggest challenge in college has been slowing down, (inhale) listening (exhale) and practicing patience when I’m frustrated with other people. In the end, though, striving to see other perspectives shaped me into a better person.
Cochran, T.B., Arkin, W.M. and Hoenig, M.M. (1984). Nuclear weapons databook, Vol. I: U.S. nuclear forces and capabilities. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc., Ballinger Publishing Co., Cambridge, MA.
But to really get under the skin of Paris, you need to have lived and breathed it. You need local knowledge.
I used 3 of the 3mm ribbons to make a braid for across the bottom. The sentiment on this one is from Waltzingmouse Stamps' Say it Loud collection.
Make another mater sammich and do it all over again.
It’s an honor to be here with my fellow commissioners as we forward this money to the Common School Fund and onto all Wisconsin school children.
I will add the info you request on the centre.
Beth: Mile 13, This mile starts out fine – I’m still cruising along. I start to worry about Teal some at this point because I kept looking over at her and she’d never look back at me. But I kept thinking, “Familiar faces are coming! Familiar faces!” Then I see one I wasn’t expecting! I hear “Beth Lynch!” and see a friend from college, I wave at Reid and keep trucking along!
during the workout. The five basic components of physicalfitness: cardiorespiratory or aerobic endurance, muscular endurance, muscular
a radish mouse instead of the sandwich, and gluten free bread for the pea sandwich.
Ty looked at Ted. “Biggie was spittin’ poetry! Rap is lyrics, lyrics is poetry, poetry is writing, writing is literature! It’s all the same, dude.”
with yourself….bein adam l’atzmo bring bitachon (‘confidence’) in the coming of Moshiach to your practice today. bring it to your prayers. bring it to bear in the kavannah you bring to all your doings of good and your avoidance of evils. just bring it.
DO IT NOW. This week. I don’t care what it takes, I don’t care if you need to take a day off work. Even if you need to take a few hundred out of savings. DO IT NOW. And if your first step cannot be done in a week, then clearly you need to break that down into smaller pieces as well.
Al Unser pictured with his son, Al Jr. got his big break through a fluke. He was hanging around the track, basically fired when someone got pulled from the race and they needed a driver. He got the shot and won the Indy for the first time. His son, Little Al, like most of the Unsers, started out on go-karts and raced as long as they could keep up their grades. He’d bring his son to the track and they’d refuse to let him in because he was too young. He’d have to prove that Little Al was on the racing ticket to get him through the gates.
On the way, I thought it would be faster to cut across the parking lot, near the church. But then, near the back on the side, I came upon a door. Ornate wood squares, surrounded by the large arched brick, the left side open…. I hesitated, thinking I should get back, but also remembered Pops needed to talk to the lady before we could go see Jack. I stood for a few moments looking at the door, and then slowly, trying to peek into the darkness beyond it, I went in, thinking I could spend a few minutes praying about Jack, praying about Mom, and then I would go.
There rides the peace train
Portions of this curious house -- named Clear Comfort, but readily known today as the Alice Austen House, after its most famous resident -- can be traced to a modest one-room structure built in the 1690s, when Staten Island (or, as the British preferred to call it, Richmond County) had only about 1,000 residents, mostly Dutch farmers. From the windows of the original farmhouse, the residents might have seen the British, using Richmond as a base, attacking Washington's forces on the opposite shore in Brooklyn in August 1776.
Magical Weekend to all!
Today is my dear friend and colleague Anda's Birthday and I prepared a surprise card for her. Unfortunately she won't be receiving it till after I will get back from Denmark, but at least she can see that I didn't forget about her birthday ;) .
I know that these cookies are in no way Canada vacations related or April’s fool related. I’ll do a post about my trip and all the food I ate soon I guess … Those cookies are really good !!! Yeah I have a thing for the combo banana, chocolate, oatmeal … I guess you got it right ? Hope you will give it a try !!
"Not I," quacked the noisy yellow duck.
Friday was spent shopping - mainly for me - birthday pressies :) A new frock and pretty new Birkenstocks (pics next time) from MrVV and some funky new Converse bought with birthday money.
with her dirty little feet and freckled petticoat....
I asked the shop keeper to show me the necklace and to tell me about it, not knowing for sure if it was meant to be a lover's eye.
… in front of collective passion and resolve of mass people of the grassroots leaders home town, state forces has to retreat, a burning government office building keeps burning like a symbol of public disapproval of an oppressive government
Welsh brewers Brains are getting involved at the controversial Tenby development on the South Beach.
157. “Shoot for the moon; even if you miss you’ll land among the stars.” – Les Brown
Blessed are the birchmarked trees and pilchard burn,
I'm glad that I can finally tell you all what has been going on the past few months (I think some of you probably had your suspicions anyway!) and I hope that you will all join me on my new journey, bringing Strange Chemistry to life.
If you upset me, I stab or bludgeon you on the spot or we set up a thunderdome style cage fight. There are no hours of contemplation, deciphering whether or not that clever quip you used was genuinely intended to insult me with obscure data from a rarely read study in a much heralded publication.
Clydesdale Bank SPL, Wednesday 28 December 2011 - Ice Station Zebra (aka Pittodrie)
Whether you are a beginner or a tough marathon runner, there are different challenges for all levels from a 5k to 40 mile events. If you sign up for the Spartan Race they will also provide you with a daily workout, weekly newsletter and inspiring blogs to help support and insure you get in shape in 45 days so that you can be ready for your challenging race. Want to know more? Check out http://www.spartanrace.com/spartan-race-obstacle-course-faq.php for frequently asked questions.
Cover with a lid. Cook on low 2 1/2 to 3 hours. Makes 8 to 10 servings.
Also unconfirmed is the ship's origin but Sri Lanka is the safe bet. Australia has seen its share of decrepit boats carrying illegal migrants to the county's shores and recently a boat carrying 260 Tamils from Sri Lanka was intercepted by Indonesia at Australia's request. You can read about it here.
Burley was there certainly but he wasn’t dressed like a Nazi, unlike the Labour's Ed Balls, now the Shadow Chancellor, who donned German uniform when he was a student. And this is a man who actually served in government!
Paperwink is our newest discovery in all things fabulously green, wedding, and if you haven't guessed by now...we love packaging and design and these gals nailed it!
Healthy tissues are alkaline.
After this, the Amsterdam times are a bit of a blur. Summer and winter faded into each other and I came and went more than once. The city and I had a deeply felt romance with each other, and it’s still where I think of as ‘home’, when I’m pushed to choose one of the places I’ve lived.
This picture was taken back in 2008 using my point-and-shoot while in the Dominican Republic. I cropped this vertically from the original, which can be viewed here.
Up in the air, some creatures learn to stay alive.
Lastly, we have my driver's license - I actually really love this picture. Which is I guess a good thing since this is the one ID that really matters! And this proves that I really can take a good picture, despite all of the rest of my ID's making you think otherwise. (I'm not sure why it looks like my eyebrow is growing down my face though...)
- writerbeware (the discount version of the above. What, we don't deserve capital letters?)
I rewrote it yet again and started another round of submissions. I was delighted when on Christmas Eve 2009, Emma Langley of Phoenix Yard Books said she liked it and would like to see the full ms.
Atmosphere: This is no sit-down-do-work cafe. There are 9 seats in total, 3 of which are stools, and no tables whatsoever, unless you count the single bar. Granted, Thor is obviously not going for the sit-down aesthetic, aiming rather at something different; it’s just that that’s not the sort of café I generally am looking for.
Here's what Priest had to say of the six nominees:
That leads me to the question of how the experience of enjoying beer and food has to do with the place that you are at.
Notes from the restorer:
Those are really the two biggest goals in my life right now, and I think it’s finally time I buckle down and get started. Being at the ocean the past two days has really given me time to reflect on what I want, and where I want to be, and this breakup really opened my eyes to what I could be doing with my life. At the age of 21, what better time than to be selfsih and really get to where I want to go. The grand openness of the ocean reminded me that there are endless possibilities.
2. Out of Nowhere
I'm all about simple things even when I am wanting for fancier. To keep it simple this week, the mister and I are trekking out for a much needed camping weekend. The last time we pitched our tent was in Oregon at the tail end of The BIG Road Trip. We're are much in need of a mini road trip and look forward to hitting the road with Dr. Eleanor Teeth and all our gear. Our destination is the Pinnacles National Monument and then onward for an evening at Henry Coe. May there be hot meals cooked on the car engine, good tunes and amusing radio. Hikes will be hiked, books will be read, pictures will be taken and adventure will abound. Have a happy holiday weekend and I'll see ya when we get back!
"I was very upset when we had to leave, and when I walked out, a couple of car guards came to me and asked me what was wrong. I told them what happened and they apologised for not warning me that Cabana refuses to serve black customers."
Frank goes to a fancy nightclub along with Charlie and Rossi. We also see Nikki Barnes there, who has made friends with Frank's brother Huey. Huey is dressed up flashy, similar to Nikki's style. Joe Lewis is at the club and has a woman with him who catches Frank's eye. Charlie tells him she's Miss Puerto Rico. Frank also notices his brother getting cozy with Nikki. Frank calls Huey to take a walk with him and criticizes his flashy clothes, telling him "The loudest one in the room is the weakest one in the room." Frank also questions his friendship with Nikki, finding that Nikki and Huey have been talking about him. Frank tells him "If you wasn't my brother, I'd kill you." Frank then introduces himself to Miss Puerto Rico, Eva Kendo (Lymari Nadal) She asks him if the nightclub is his place and he tells her that it is. She asks "Why is it called Small's? Why don't you call it Frank's?" He tells her, "When you own something, you can call it what you want." He accompanies her back to her table.
Computer modelling showed that all of these "Japonic" languages descended from a common ancestor some 2,182 years ago -- coinciding with the major wave of migration from the Korean Peninsula.
Toby the feeling of not being tortured is wonderful. I felt headachey and a bit out of sorts, like my body was adjusting. Have also been quite tired for a couple of days.
“Teacher is sick, couldn’t get a sub, headmaster gave us a free period.”
Hard to tell in my picture, but it was a reddish brown color. Some sweetness in the nose followed by citrus bitterness. Pretty reminiscent of a red ale which is a good thing considering. Very clean with some nice citrus notes, orange juice flavor and a well balanced finish. Not too sweet and not too dry, just a well balanced choice.
The Mork & Mindy reboot in which Boromir replaces Mindy won't be filmed on Wardour Street after all. One does not simply Mork into Wardour.
2. Snow Flower
There are two important parables that back up this reality. This first even raises the ante by saying that we must forgive from the heart:
Mikhail Saakashvili, the Georgian president, has refused to resign after three days of mass protests against his government.
the fear of the unknown,
For Thanksgiving, we went up to Brooks' parents house, then to my Aunt Becky's house, then to my mom's house, then back to my in-law's house. It was busy. Add into that some hunting, two deer killed and processed (sad, but I like to eat them), and a trip to Chicago....it was exhausting!
Y'all be good, now!
There were a few maypole collisions. And that one kid is supposed to be a little girl facing the other direction, not a spider on a stick.
trash 'n' treasure market.
My proposal is this: if we could get even 30-40% of everyone in the western world to not drive their cars or buy gas for one day a week, the economic impact on the cabal would be tremendous, to such a point that Obama would do something absurd as sign a bill that would have anyone refusing to drive put in jail — he already wants to imprison anyone who refuses his healthcare plan. But say we get 50% to not drive or buy gas for two days a week…we would see gas prices go down to $1.20 as an incentive for the masses to consume 7 days a week.
Dit un pater, et prend le menton de Simone... -
We are loving life and enjoying every moment together. I know I always say it can't get any better, and then somehow it does. Abbey is starting to ask me questions that really make me think, and I am loving the new level our conversations are going to, yet we still have plenty of silliness thrown in. Best of all is sharing everything spiritually. I love talking with her about the things that really matter, praying together, and hearing her sweet songs about the Lord. I am wondering what people in the grocery store and other places think as she is singing her heart out about the Fruit of the Spirit, a Joyful Heart is Like a Good Medicine, etc. She has truly got the joy down in her heart.
Peter teaches that baptism saves the believer.
The professor has been in the local news for more than 40 years and worked for a major network before that. He knows his stuff; and the thing he emphasized the most with good film is the concept of Wide, Tight, Medium.
Check out the list below of where the tour will be taking place.
It shouldn't surprise you that the schools that were disrupted by striking black teachers were majority white schools. These thug "teachers" decided to break into schools which were trying to do their job and to slap around some teachers and scare the kids. Nice! This is what South Africa has been reduced to - when these blacks aren't happy with their lot in life they strike and destroy. I'm still waiting for the condemnation from the ANC government about this thuggery and the moral deficiency from the "teachers" - the same people charged with educating the youth. If this had happened during Apartheid and to black kids there would have been international outrage and sanctions!
Martha says the first join can be to any chain in round 1......but she wrote the pattern for a 4 hole center button and with a 2 hole one and IT DID MATTER....well if you want the holes in the button to be horizontal...and I did....like Martha did for my gift.
Public Sale ………………………… 4:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.
These posts are part of The Atlantic's #1book140 read-a-long of Haruki Murakami's Kafka on the Shore. Last time out, I looked at the first 48 words of Kafka on the Shore (interesting to read that now that I've finished the novel). The following posts attempts to make sense of the novel by looking at the lyrics to the titular song.
Practical wisdom is not concerned with the universals alone, but must also be acquainted with the particulars: it is bound up with action, and action concerns the particulars.
My fellow editors for the guide are Elizabeth Meryment and Anna Fedeles. Our contributor biographies are below:
So how are you supposed to condense 60-80,000 words into a short video clip, or a one page query letter? By being authors. It's in the job description.
We're Communists
i should clarify. physically we're both doing fine. emotionally i've been very up and down. actually terrible at times. although i'm doing better this last eight days or so.
Recommended for foodies and those who enjoy comedies with a touch of romance and family dynamics.
Robinson mapped everything – the locations of buildings, what those buildings housed, who owned them, how often people visited, what their local history was, even what tectonic and mineral lineage the rocks themselves contained.
I'm emerging.
A striking blend of humor, intensity and emotion, Freefall is a beautiful telling of one teen muddling through life and trying to figure things out. Hitting on both light and heavy topics, Freefall holds nothing back when it comes to Seth’s life. With fantastic background built into the story and interspersed throughout, a strong narrative, and fantastic writing, this book is a stunning debut.
When you add complements,
Daddy took on the job of removing the top of each can. Using a file to sharpen them, they were so sharp they'd cut the pan.
I am currently a librarian; I lurked there for so long recommending books to patrons and shushing people, that I suspect they only hired me so it would be less creepy. Now I'm armed with a name tag, and a thin veneer of credibility. I'm also a musician with synesthesia – which keeps things interesting
We are going to have literally hundreds of thousands, if not millions of very heavily traumatized people who will need extensive therapy, rehabilitation and compassion in order to re-integrate themselves after being freed from an unimaginable prison of abuse.
Now, I’m not saying that matching bridesmaids are wrong- far from it. Matching ‘maids can look FAB, as long as the dresses are stylish and look good on each girl. (Please now go back to image number one and pity the poor shortie in the middle whose dress is practically touching the floor.)
This one was difficult. Not necessarily because I have read many series, but because I could not decide between the only two series that came to mind. Both are charming, refreshing, funny, and smart. And oh, soooo different.
I am proud of Saylor for listening to his gut, for being brave enough to say when enough was enough. I can learn a thing or two from him in that regard.
The editor screen need to be bind with a record, either existing or new. So for add note, we create a new note model, get the note editor view and pass in the newly created model. After that set the view NoteEditor on top, and because of the newNote object we’ve created, the phantom property is working in the view there, so that we can set the title accordingly.
Runner Up : Aldi - Ditto above.
On which a profusion of precious stones did bewray…
Every once in a while the San Francisco newspaper will do a feature on Webb Creek, Steep Ravine and the Dipsea Trail; and for a while thereafter the number of visitors to this gushing creek will swell--but usually I'm just about the only person there.
Mr Regan commented on that investigation as follows:-
I know the movie will impact many. Yet for those who've had an abortion in that past, like me, it may stir up old pains. I remember the first time I heard another person talk about abortion at church. I wanted to sink into the pew and hide. I'm sure I sucked in an audible gasp.
So what do big organizations do then to keep power if they don’t in fact do any of the things that we are all taught at school that we are meant to do and that is the public discourse inside the organizations?
You lock down the foundation that everything else will fall into first - who you are, where you're going and how you'll get there (a.k.a. research). Then you move on to the more detail oriented tasks - brand positioning, brand identity, brand plan. And last but not least, the nitty gritty details that you can't forget but never remember - updating all letterhead, docs, envelopes, business cards and email signatures with your new look, setting the tone for your new culture and rallying your troops (in the midst of all the top-level business decisions, you can't forget about your front line - these folks are going to be your brand ambassadors).
I was actually able to find pajamas for all four kiddos to wear that match, too cute.
Place the 3 egg white in a clean mixing bowl and beat on high until soft peaks, then add 1/3 cup sugar and continue beating until stiff peaks. Spread over pie filling making sure to spread to the edge of the crust so the meringue doesn't pull away as it is baked.
Today I have a life-changing recipe for you.
After sparking a massive public backlash with his infamous remarks on Singaporeans being ‘weak and lazy’, Director of Quality at Fairmont Hotel and Resorts Brian Tan Cheow Eng now make a stunning U-turn and says he ‘loves’ Singaporeans.
For over six years now, our Adult Programmes team has worked with the award-winning poet Pascale Petit on a range of poetry writing public courses inspired by works of art in our collections displays and temporary exhibitions. This online anthology is the creative outcome of the Poetry from Art: Starting Poems – Writing course that ran over six
Any scientific theory purporting to account for biological complexity ought to account for this special nature of social insects. Why do their colonies show a degree of apparent purpose lacking in other aggregations, herds, and flocks? The kin selection extension of natural selection theory does explain this; cooperation results from the opportunity to give sufficiently large benefits to kin.
Take a look at my card and see if you can figure it out.
Rinse and drain black beans . Drain Shoepeg corn. Add to a bowl with the Feta cheese. In a bowl , or dressing bottle that has a lid and can be shaken, mix oil, vinegar and sugar . Once sugar dissolved , pour on the bean and corn mixture and toss. Serve with multigrain tostitos scoops . So simple , so delicious . Enjoy!
If you weren’t an organist, what would you do for a living?
1/4 tsp baking soda
I made it back into my office this week and while sitting at my desk, heard on the radio the song “Smile,” which has the lyrics, “Smile though your heart is aching” and at that moment, I knew it was Jeanne telling me that we had to carry on her dream of the cruise, even if it hurts at this moment to do so.
Lord, have your way. I give up everything I am today to follow you. I want to be your disciple more than I want to get my checklist done, more than I want to see my hope's come to pass, more than I want to have a perfectly clean house, more than I want quiet, mild-mannered children :) Lord, today I want you more than I want life itself today!!!
So let’s get going so I can get that nap in:
If you’d asked me a few months ago if I’d wear turquoise and lime together, I would have looked at you with disgust. I mean, like, they totally clash! Craftyasschick’s daring color combinations have changed my mind. I feel quite dashing (not clashing) in these colors – and it’s a fun take on the traditional St. Patrick’s day green.
Take this example, ‘The envelope is on the table, just under the alcove.’ The sentence shows us where the envelope is. Another simple example is, ‘He went out to the car and got in.’ Most prepositions usually fall at the end of a sentence.
Of course, a data sharing group running on a one-box Parallel Sysplex can't provide data access if the one mainframe server fails. Maintaining application availability in the event of such a failure (or of a planned server outage) would require a multi-box Sysplex. The point I want to make is this: you can get a lot -- though not all -- of the availability benefits of DB2 data sharing even if your Parallel Sysplex is contained within one System z server (consider: mainframes are extremely reliable). There are organizations out there right now that have boosted uptime for DB2-accessing applications by implementing data sharing groups on single-box Parallel Sysplexes. Want ultimate data availability? Do data sharing on a multi-box Sysplex. If the multi-box route is not an option for your company, don't assume that DB2 data sharing can't work for you. It can.
Consumer Protection Division
“Too much TV hurts movies.”
Then ONE will happen, and no matter what comes down in these coming years, we’ll be spiritually ready — eternally secure.
It seemed we'd seen each other in a dream
And I realized you’d suddenly crept into my every waking thought, and I stopped running from you in my dreams.
Who can see it, and who cares? Certainly not me.
This is not that type of blog so I am moving on to the post-meal activity and my first shocking discovery about the life that awaits me in Peru. After the meal, I begin my task of clearing the table and carting the dirty dishes and silverware to the sink to begin the process of lightly dusting them water and placing them in the dishwasher.
glistening next to the river's path. He was thin,
So, I guess we're on for Saturday. I hope I feel decent--this old person feeling I've been dragging around with ("I've been up for an hour, so I'd better go lie down") just won't do. And I hope I can get a couple of niggling questions answered without being too obvious about it. I do worry that he's the type who will withdraw if a woman gets too close. Interesting that his first fiancee seems to have pushed him away and the second absented herself (and he proposed to the latter after that behavior started). Mostly, I'm hoping for another really nice date. I have to admit, I'm even hoping he'll sleep over, though I still feel I have to draw the line sexually where I did before. I'm also hoping Downstairs Neighbor will get to meet him--she's invited to the Potluck dinner, too, though she makes her plans last minute and will see what her boyfriend wants to do.
The Last Blog Hop of the Year!
Outdoors or indoors, rats leave obvious oil stains on their trails and entrance holes. They can enter any opening larger than ½-inch in diameter, which means they can squeeze into your home through
How annoying. But Monsieur Titi can say "I told you so" or "Je te l'ai dit."
You all are the best. Always. Thank you so much for being such terrific, supportive friends.
Here's another review of A Kind of Intimacy - this one from the Politico website. Shane Creevy, the reviewer, also interviewed me for the site - and if you skip past the swathes of my opining, you'll get to the last question, where I give a sneak preview into what Cold Light is going to be like.
The carb-sugar-fat high hasn't worn off yet so I thought I'd put myself to good use.
the shades are pulled up by 7 o'clock and we're waving at our guys from the window by 7:03. living on a cul-de-sac means an extra pass-by complete with an extra dose of back-up beepin'.
Moon sped past a happy looking Kelly and could hear her bark -
Do I have a point here? Not really. I just think it’s interesting that the top two movies present such opposing world views. And as cynical as I sometimes feel, I am going to put my faith in Tolkien’s view.
Monaco is GORGEOUS. Everything is crazy expensive, so make sure to bring lunch or be ready to splurge. But the buildings go up into the mountains and the port is full of expensive yachts and gorgeous blue water.
“Hi y’all, meet my children Kayden, Brayden, Mayden, Jayden, Fayden, Snayden and Dayden.”
It was a comment that pointed out ways that 'other reproductive choices' (I'll keep it vague here) were better than adoption. Specifically, there was a point made about a partial genetic connection vs. NO genetic connection, and an adopted child having an 'other mother' vs. this blogger's child having only them as a mother. The commenter went on to say that the blogger's choice made them 'closer' than an adopted mother would be to the adopted child.
Everyone: Surprise, Happy Birthday!!!
"I stood on the porch, trying not to look at the police cruisers parked in the driveway. And when I did look at them, I tried not to let the memories come. But that was like trying to stop water with your hands. Enough of it got through that you were going to get wet."
--Evel Knievel. 1938-2007
Archbishop Weakland said this week in an interview, “The evidence was so complete, and so extensive that I thought he should be reduced to the lay state, and also that that would bring a certain amount of peace in the deaf community.”
Be inspired.
Of course it’s easy to see why Democrats don’t want the public to think of cap and trade as a tax. Tax increases aren’t popular, as Mr. Gore learned when he and Bill Clinton tried to impose a BTU tax in 1993. The complex cap-and-trade tax would ripple throughout the energy chain and ultimately the entire economy. All consumers, not just “the rich,” would pay more for goods and services that use carbon energy — though some would pay more than others. A majority of those “95% of working families” probably lives in the middle of the country that relies far more on manufacturing and coal-fired power than do the better-off coastal regions.
supposed obstacle
Other factors also come into play. License fees for one. There will be a lot of negotiating. Networks will offer renewals for reduced license fees. Whether the studios can produce them for those fees is another story. And then there are the pilots. If a network feels it has a strong batch of new shows it will be more likely to dump bubble series. If the development slate flames out, current shows might get a reprieve. Which explains CHUCK… year after year after year.
I’m comfortable in my poor choice of television.
03. Exhuming McCarthy
Now for the cards. All made..with exception of the base card.....from scraps from my bit box.
Welcome to the wacky world of LOTHAR AND THE HAND PEOPLE*, psychedelic pioneers of analog synth in rock music. These guys are widely accredited as the first rock and roll band to incorporate Moog synthesizers and theremin into their recordings and tours, but their appeal extends far beyond mere novelty. Sure, they often succumbed to the corny, Dead-esque trappings of sloppy, late 60's hippie rock, but Lothar and Co. brought some truly cosmic sonic experimentations to the masses, sometimes sounding like a deconstructed Captain Beefheart ("Sex and Violence") or even a proto-Devo ("Machines"). Their wide-eyed enthusiasm for free love can be a bit dated and annoying, but for every "standard" hippie track ("Let The Boy Pretend", "Yes I Love You"), LATHP follow up with a spaced-out, cartoony excursion into Moog-land ("Today Is Only Yesterday's Tomorrow", "Space Hymn"). Depending on how much Haight-Ashbury cheez you can handle, Lothar can be a challenging listen, but if you stick with 'em, oh so many magical, mind-blowing, bleep-bloop treasures will be revealed. I recommend beginning with their debut album, Presenting... (which is a bit more on the "experimental" side) before moving on to their second release, Space Hymn.
I love it how with Agatha Christie you can never guess who the murderer is. She might suggest one suspect, then the other, and while it might seem the mystery is over, she throws in a crazy twist and introduces another criminal you could never suspect! She is a magnificent crime-writing maestro. In the second book of her Hercule Poirot Mysteries series the famous Belgian detective is summoned by a rich businessman hailing from South America. There seems to be a matter of grave importance, and so intrigued, Poirot and his friend Captain Hastings travel to northern France to meet with the potential client. Their trip, however, comes to an unusual halt, as the two discover that the businessman is discovered dead the very morning of their arrival. A love affair and a woman scorned are suspected to be the reasons for foul play, but Poirot has his own opinion about the events.
CP: Hmm, well I think BE should be a real dark pop project! That means I like to write good melodies, I use good and clean vocals from me and my girls. The lyrics are real intimate sometimes. It’s kind of therapy to me. With TC we can do anything. It’s fun, it’s rock it’s electro. It is more open to any influence from my guys.
Meanwhile Rihanna sang her hit record We Found Love, before taking the stage to duet with Coldplay’s Chris Brown.
Personal & Laundry Services
It is a wise father that knows his own child. - William Shakespeare
He left behind him a trail of yarn as he walked, until finally meeting the beast in the center of the maze. Then, using a smuggled sword given to him by his love Ariadne, Theseus defeated the Minotaur. He followed the trail of yarn back to the outside world and sailed home a hero.
So this morning I took a nice picture of Jackson and thought I would share it. You can also see the new color on our dining room walls. That was a process, all 4 of us had a different idea of the color we wanted in the dining room, so after many samples we all agreed on this shade of yellow, and it is beautiful, especially with the early morning sun beaming in.
Most listeners fall in to one of four different categories. Read the description of each and then try and figure out which one you fall in to. By recognizing the different types of listening styles you can avoid those behaviors as you build relationships. Knowing the different styles also helps you overcome them as you engage a buyer. We all fall in to one of these categories to some extent but it is possible to fall in to many of the categories throughout our many conversations.
Of course, this makes no sense really, because once I start talking to someone (no matter who it is) I love every minute of it. I always benefit from fellowship once I get into it. It’s just the “getting into it” part that I like to fight against.
As I said, the world of extreme couponing is an exciting place. Once you know what you’re doing, it’s easy for it to become an obsession. And it can overwhelm you, taking over your life and your home, if you let it. You must always remember to prioritize and to maintain balance.
With the salmon and bacon almost done, throw your veggies on the grill and poach the eggs. The eggs should be in the water 3-5 minutes or until the yolk is as runny or not runny as you like.
then no one ever gets to see God's grace and love and power at work in our lives.
In between the reference plane and step plane, is the step itself or transition. Simplistically there must be a vertical surface in between these two planes. Any intersections of these surfaces are allowed to have a simple radius to be applied, with a 2.5cm radius on the step plane and a 5cm radius on the reference plane.
-Hanny the coffee bean
Location: Highway 26, east of Highway 35 junction near Government Camp
If the area of human resource is a “soft” management process, than Culture change is positively fluffy. All highly successful organizations have mastered the art of defining and living the Culture that supports what they believe in, what they do, and why they do it.
I don't get into the whole lovey-dovey thing for Valentine's Day - my husband and I do little things every day, all year long, for each other that go beyond a commercial holiday. So that's not why I love Valentine's Day. I love it because it's fun, whimsical, bright, and makes winter a little more pleasant! I love me a good, simple, beautiful piece of decor, too.
Gugu, who refused to reveal her surname but said she was from the “district office”, confronted Sister Thandi in the clinic, which The Times was barred from entering.
of a q
Google Drive will work with sophisticated image search technology to let consumers sift through a wide variety of document types, which could include the likes of Adobe PDF files and photographs, the source said.
We kissed…which we had done before, on occasion, at bars and such…
33,000 feet over the United States and here I am able to write my blog…. Without being connected to the Internet!
The Giveaway on her blog I am sponsering is in addition to my one here on the Blog! You COULD win both!!
In one of our most memorable games French beat me, Sweaty, and Pancake. It gets worse; the day he beat us he had his arm in a sling. He'd broken his collar bone in a wrestling match. He showed up with one arm tucked inside his jean jacket. He was just too fast on his skates (and Pancake was a brutal goalie).
The Chicago Way
I’ve been a member of several other writing sites over the years but for the value of critiques, Litopia is the best. My work has improved so much in the six months I’ve been there. It’s my home base now.
and headlining
Cicero, a morose twinkle in his eye replied, “The law courts are rendered useless because of Caesar. I abandoned my wife for some young, arrogant play-thing, who mocked the death of my only daughter. I am a bitter man Aulus. I’ve engaged you and I’ve entertained myself with this charade, why can’t you allow an old orator a bit of fun once in a while?”
South Riding Golf Club needs to have a preliminary headcount of players by this Friday, May 4th. Please forward this reminder to your team families to register online as soon as possible – or email Shirl Sayadian at shirlsay with committed players.
Thomas said that the intiative would initially boost regional trade by 10%, and eventually by 50%.
And coming soon . . .
Well, I might have found the buying place....
Not one to give up easily, I somehow managed to hit myself in the face hard enough to knock my glasses off and apparently BREAK MY NOSE! (And yes, I remember getting hit in the face, but I can't for the life of me remember how I did it...sigh.)
To some people, a book is a book and an author is an author. Some people wouldn't care who's name is on the cover so long as all 365 designs are there along with the information you need.
This guy.
"There we go, all done. You should be back to work in a couple of days".
She Goes To Finos 2:57
They hear no sound, the swell is strong,
Which is not a Good Thing.
They have come to assist you through a difficulty;
I have already stopped eating my ice cream every night. I bought some light ice cream and some fudge bars for when the craving is more than I can handle. I have been eating salads for lunch with lots of protein. I have increased my fiber and lowered my sugar intake. I did all of this back in February when Brian first left. I lost about 5 or 6 pounds but that is it. I have not lost any more than that. So, I think I need to start this horrible exercising thing.
Finally at about 3 p.m., they relented and I was on my way. The Times' correspondent David Kirkpatrick was reporting riots in a town 70 km outside Tunis called Hammamet. I hopped in a taxi to meet him there.
So this is what we’re going to do this year:
I must say I am still excited though. It will be an adventure!
Would you like to live in town, in Paris for example or are you really a country girl at heart?
-Everything that grows holds in perfection but a moment.
Wood art: $30
their glow
telephone line or computer all bloody weekend.....I have been fraught with worry trying to keep track of Nookie's whereabouts, sister-in-law had to top up my English mobile for me which I have not used for ages and only keep it for the telephone numbers stored on it, next purchase shall be a good old fashioned telephone book!!!!
½ cup sugar
Sauté veggies five minutes, then sprinkle in flour. Cook with flour for two minutes, stirring constantly. Stir in broth and combine. Stir in milk and combine. Bring soup up to a bubble. Add corn and crab meat and simmer soup, about five minutes.
The real clincher in this section is the statement “The fact is he just didn’t see her and however cautious, caring or alert he is…”. I’m sorry did I miss something? (clearly!). If you are cautious, caring and alert, the only reasonable explanation for “not seeing” a cyclist is if it’s pitch black dark and they’re wearing black and have no reflectors or (most importantly) lights. That is it. That’s an explanation, and in which case the cyclist would be seen (rightly) to be at fault, not the driver. If you are cautious and alert, you will see the cyclist unless they are doing something entirely incorrect and against the law/ highway code. Unless Mr Griffin is trying to make some kind of subtle remark about all cyclists being law-breaking, red-light jumping manaics, he’ll have to try a little harder….
Sinai, look up; the
While she dried her tears we loaded my van and I cleared the junk off the passenger seat. I cooed to her son, though he would have none of me.
Allen Arthur Butler is an "Expert On The Rise" in the field of Healthy Weight Loss and Nutrition. He currently writes for several very popular websites. His very informative E Book that is titled "The 7 Secrets of Healthy Weight Loss" has been very much in demand since it was released in October of 2010.
Its that time of year again.. that time where MY favorite holiday is right around the corner... thats right, beats out Christmas, Halloween,... My Birthday, not that its on a holiday but still.
Healthy Chick's MIL and I co-hosted the shower, we used a tea party with a jungle theme (or a jungle party with a tea theme?) or Jungle Baby Shower. The baby quilt was used as a jumping off point and Healthy Chick really adores tea. Cupcake picks were made with my new die cutter (details later!) using cardstock, scrapbook paper with jungle animals, and short skewers. Cupcake recipe is from Bon Appétit Key Lime Cupcakes. The are not very cake-like and are quite dense, they are also rich, delicious and are a straight-forward recipe to make, with a lot of zested lime. They are a fun bright green because a single recipe (Yield 12) calls for 1/4 teas. neon food coloring. The icing is made with cream cheese and lime zest, Fun-Sized Chick piped it on. Meringue cookies are a recipe from Joy of Baking (dot com), and are very easy to make, I made my first pink batch for Valentine's Day to use up some egg whites. (Although, judging by the size of this container, I should have doubled the recipe!)
Today’s lesson…EDUCATE YOURSELF - be a lifelong learner…
There are days when you think you have everything lined up for a great evening watching a good movie – the film is Charles Bronson’s “Breakout”, made during the 1970s when he churned out a series of fine action flicks, the cast includes Robert Duvall, John Huston, Randy Quaid and Emilio Fernandez and it’s about busting someone out of prison.
The second rule of Diet Club is -- you ALWAYS talk about Diet Club
Romans, like Americans, have a preacher’s proselytizing enthusiasm to spread the good news of decent civil government – be it the Roman Empire or the United States – to whomever will listen – sometimes, even to captive audiences…
It was one of the most romantic things anyone has ever done for me.
Secondly, the group was very responsive and dedicated, even intense at times as they listened to the trainers.
LadyBug was given a clean bill of health and THEN she got to go to get a treat at the store!! She has never been shopping with mama before, so this was a VERY big deal!! She was such a good girl, both at the vet and while we were shopping! She even met another dog...no problems at all! Fun times with my girl!! Chloe was happy to stay home with her Dad...she doesn't like riding anymore...no matter what I do.
I checked my camera and, one shift at a time, advanced to the side of the house. I crept to the same front window and peeked inside. The smell of cigars and booze preceded the picture inside. Heavy smoke filled the air. About eight men of various sizes laughed and played cards. The room was filled with Mitch-match saggy furniture. Principal Sal, the literal definition of “the elephant in the room”, was in the midst of it all. He was a large, bald man, with stubble around his face that I never saw at school. He constantly wears a tie around his neck.
I don’t know how having a child with Down syndrome has changed Kelle, because she doesn’t really ever say. Has she done a HUGE benefit to the Down syndrome community by showing that Down syndrome can be beautiful and that life can be good with Down syndrome? A resounding YES! And I thank her for that. But there’s more to this whole journey than just image – or at least I’d like to think so. People like to say in defense of Kelle that she was all sunshine and rainbows before Nella was born, and she’s still sunshine and rainbows – it’s not like she’s changed, for goodness sake! Yeah, that’s kind of a problem for me. Why isn’t she changed? Maybe she is. But she doesn’t tell us that.
Q: How many Liberals does it take to change a light bulb?
The thistle is also the national emblem of Scotland.......
To feel juicy and sexy for me
As for the rest, these are two Ice-cream Sandwich packages that are very similar in terms of core functionality. Even some of the added features are the same, like the Apt-X audio codec for high-quality stereo sound over Bluetooth. The burst shot, HDR and the ability to simultaneously take photos and videos are available in both smartphones too. So is the wireless HDMI connectivity (Samsung AllShare Cast & HTC Media Link HD).
Originally aired July 30, 2009
While I certainly understand that longer lines are going to come with the territory of more tickets being sold, the longer booth lines were exacerbated by the booth set up. There was an area in the middle of the festival where one line of booths overlapped and ran parallel with another line of booths, causing lines from each side to interweave and essentially creating a giant bottleneck. It got to a point where it was much easier to actually walk around behind the booths if you had to get somewhere. Also, the booths on the backside were set up parallel to the food vendors, so certain people in the backs of long lines were subjected to a nice blast of heat and smoke in their faces while they stood there waiting. While long lines/larger crowds by themselves aren't necessarily a bad thing, the setup of the festival made it much worse.
The guy that has on athletic inspired clothing might be someone that you could point to and say, “That’s hip-hop.” The baseball hat, the different things, the do-rag, I suppose could be something you would identify with me as an artist. When you start to dress with more casual clothing or more professional clothing, like a suit, people start wondering. The jewelry I think comes from not having. From not having, you aspire to live life on the highest level possible. When you start off not even being able to fantasize about buying your own car, you buy one as soon as you’re able to.
APRIL's palette is filled with pinks, blues, and purples, this month's PPP is perfect to inspire those easter and springtime projects!
Mr. Think turned to his communion and struck the hot iron with decisive resolve in his voice. They were listening now with eagerness of an avid learner.
You have to put up your own production, advertizing and tour cost.
and the music makes it all better.
I know that a huge part of weight loss is the mental aspect and I seem to be failing miserably at that right now. I wasn't doing great with that before being laid off and now...well I am not doing so great. I am not certain where my motivation has gone. I know that I have 30 lbs to go and that I need to do all of the good bandster stuff to get there but I can't find the drive like I used to have. I am hoping that not having a schedule and running around like a crazy woman for Junior League and Christmas are a part of this and that when I start school in January I will get some semblance of order and stability back in my life. I hope. I operate better on a schedule and this being "at home" is not a good thing for me.
In addition, always understand little print with their mortgage loan agreement. Like this you will stay clear of horrible surcharges for example hidden rates and rates.
Many writers assume that a literary agent's inclusion in a market guide or listing--whether it's a print book, such as Jeff Herman's Guide, or a website, such as QueryTracker--is an imprimatur of reputability. Surely the agent wouldn't be listed if there were any questions about his/her honesty or competence.
But your waves fold around me
She says her teachers were wonderful women who inspired her to read, read, read! and she is still in touch with her English Literature teacher who is over 90 and still as sharp minded as she ever was.
of the fabric of modern music, from hip hop to techno.
Now if only I could start sewing faster than buying…
LOS ANGELES, CA (Jan. 10, 2012) – One brave warrior, touched by the gods, must overcome all odds to save mankind from a merciless and powerful tyrant when IMMORTALS comes to Blu-ray and DVD on March 6th from Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment. Directed by visionary filmmaker Tarsem Singh (The Cell, The Fall) and written by Charles Parlapanides and Vlas Parlapanides, the home entertainment release is chock-full of must-see bonus features including an alternate beginning, two alternate endings, deleted scenes and an amazing graphic novel, creating the ultimate viewing experience.
I hope you agree, and if you honour me by reading the story once it's published, I believe you will.
Official Closing of Registration: May 15, 2012
Now, the picture at the top here is a still from the film Carry on up the Khyber. For those of you who aren't British you are unlikely to have heard of this (or am I way off here?). It is quite an iconic comedy film, very silly, with some groaning one-liners and, towards the end of the film, there is quite a funny scene where Sid James and co are having a meal whilst the room is under attack by the enemy (it is a comedy, I promise you). There are some musicians in the corner of the room who valiantly play on, despite being blasted by bits of plaster from the ceiling. It is only when the piano collapses that my dad gives up trying to play.
Parameters for this week’s screen:
Once I started this blog, I started paying more attention to home decor stores and learning the names of local designers. What a talented and fascinating world that is! One name that is always popping up is Shay Geyer of IBB Design, a Dallas interior designer who's appeared in countless magazines and is the design expert for Good Morning, Texas. I love her bright and contemporary creations!
Pegasus, the literary magazine at Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College in Tifton, Georgia, invites submissions of poetry, short fiction (flash fiction welcome), creative nonfiction, artwork and photography for the upcoming spring 2012 issue. The submission deadline is February 29, 2012.
Mr. O’Donnell has repeatedly broken the code of ethics for the Society of Professional Journalists. When companies hire and employ people who feel that their perception of things is more truthful than the facts themselves, then they need to be removed from a position of influence to unsuspecting listeners or viewers. Mr. O’Donnell has repeatedly failed to do his homework on many of his comments and thus has broken the very code of ethics he is required to follow by his profession.
Pete is on the verge of his daily nervous breakdown when Charlie Novela interrupts his sixth period. Charlie is immediately sharp, sensitive—and gay. All qualities that will make his life difficult if not impossible in a school dominated by a football team that’s led the league in gaybashing for nine straight seasons.
But what if bread was suddenly poison? What if wheat was toxic, and every bite of a toasted bagel, slice of pizza or forkful of penne inflicted damage to your body?
2. Satisfying work. Next to relationships, work is perhaps the most necessary component of the quality of life. How do children learn occupational attitudes in a rapidly changing labor market? What working conditions are necessary for employee satisfaction and commitment?
381
Spider-Man 3 – What’s to say? It’s probably going to be pretty good, just like the first two, and make a boatload of money, just like the first two. I am glad that Topher Grace has joined the cast, though. Honestly, that’s all I’ve got. Moving along . . .
Hello, world! This is not my first blog, but it will (hopefully) be the first one to update on a fairly regular basis. Why? See the About page for that. See 23 Things for Archivists for even more about it. The good thing about note-taking for a review this way is that I have a natural deadline, so that means I will be prompted to post more regularly. Wooo!
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan.
I didn't find the toilet and I can't find the rhetorical term for not finding what you're looking for but nevertheless the book is great bus and train reading.
DNA testing isn’t for wimps. I’m not describing the kind of bravery one needs to physically endure such testing - it’s an emotional waiting game of a lifetime and will suck the life right out of you. When the DNA kit arrived, I looked at it and set it aside for 2 days and contemplated the process as if it were a Pandora’s Box, ready to wreak havoc with my life. I couldn’t have been more accurate with anything other than that very analogy!
VIDAL: It has been written in some media reports Mr. Gross misled
The accusation of racial profiling regarding suspected criminal activity, particularly of black males.
I read the recipe twice. Then I took out the ingredients, and checked them twice to make sure I have the right ingredients. After that, I started cooking.
Initial Level is just like it sounds, as well. Most games start the character off at level 1, but if for some reason you want to start your characters off at a higher level, the option is available for you. This is also a good option to have in the case of testing your game: the ability to choose what level your character is without having to play through hours of content just to test the new dungeon you implemented is great.
“Mother Nature” or “Mother Earth” is the personification of the planet Earth’s life bearing/taking abilities as assigned by man. The term “mother” was assigned specifically to represent the fertility of the warmer seasons which brought crops and saw animals give birth to offspring which is a very crucial part of mans own survival. As beautiful as the things in which “Mother Nature” does bring, there is also the equal uglier side that can take life quicker than it gives with cold trends invoking ice ages, erupting volcanos, earthquakes, cyclones and hurricanes – all of which can claim thousands of lives.
The scene takes another turn, as the camera circles around the teller, as she makes her decision to return to the window and now commit to putting on the meaningless act of not displaying suspicion. This also once again demonstrates a smooth transition of moving from one space to another, as Shot 21 did.
There is really no way to get around our new urban neighborhood without having to negotiate traffic, but it's something children being raised in a city need to learn about. It felt a little harrowing crossing the busy Westlake Avenue to get to South Lake Union Park, where we discussed goose poop in the grass and the coots we scared into the water as we approached.
What I would trade, however, is how I used that word of God. I was quick to draw my sword and fight, and I fought to draw blood. I fought to win.
put the kettle on for yet another cuppa and maybe get some more doodling done.
We were waiting until Christmas to start because it seemed a logical stopping point. Then we moved it to after Thanksgiving. My daughter, however, was begging to stop now. She was teary-eyed before school each day. Our imposing an arbitrary, later date was one more way of not trusting her lead.
Thanks for taking the time to watch her story and God Bless.
All who came before me are thieves and robbers,
Here are some wonderful tour packages available for Jim Corbett National Park:
Roses, an excellent sub-Quo dotted-rhythm crunch, first appeared in 1974 as one of three Finch contributions to the Drouyn soundtrack LP. The rawness of the original is appealing, but the re-recording showcases a more forceful performance from a band in its prime, captured perfectly by crisp and heavy production. Of course it's the lyrics, with their singular preoccupation and paranoia about the fuzz, which are the icing on the hash cookie. We can't vouch for the horticultural accuracy of the chorus, but there's no arguing the catchiness of its hook. And thankfully, the original's pre-solo declaration - one of grillfat's cooler exclamations this side of "Stick this in your fuse box" - is retained from the Drouyn version. Download it, pack it in your iCone, and get real, real gone for a change.
I’m not one of those people who obsess over shoes. I’ve had the same pair of basketball shoes since 2005 and I have no idea what kind of shoes they are. They are comfortable and protect my ankles, so I like them. But the people over at SLAM magazine do obsess over shoes, and recently they compiled a database of all the NBA players shoes and sizes. I have gone through this list and pulled out all of the NBACats listed, but before you check them out, a couple of interesting notes from the database.
Just wait until I start serving insects.
Clandestine
Artists far and near were offered the chance to contribute to a project that would see the lamp-posts of Dublin littered with 1,000 images from the creative minds of 500 individuals.
Computer or laptop
Then there are these dress forms.. I made these just fooling around, I had posted something similar with the feathers on my facebook page and with some encouragement sent these into Angela..
It’s no secret that the Republican party has moved to the right. President Obama is only the latest person to suggest that Ronald Reagan could not have made it through the 2012 primaries. But with all the chatter about polarization and Congress’ inability to compromise, the media often ignores the fact that there has been no analogous move to the left by the Democrats. It’s easier, after all, to blame both parties. Given the constant accusations from conservatives about liberal media bias, the meme of equal responsibility is not only convenient but attractive in its safety. Opinion writers are just as guilty of false equivalency. Thomas Friedman tops the charts, with his pleas for a “centrist” candidate willing to both raise taxes and curb entitlements (a description that pretty much describes President Obama), but there are plenty of other offenders; Mat Miller at the Washington Post, whose columns plug the ostensibly grassroots group Americans Elect, is another notable myth-peddler. If news outlets cling to the equal-opportunity offenders meme in order to appear unbiased, pundits like Friedman and Miller do so in order to claim the coveted mantle of “centrist.” My favorite sharp-tongued economist, Paul Krugman, has this to say about centrists, colleagues like Friedman and David Brooks included:
I hope that by imparting my personal refelctions of the beer that I do not skew the results too much, but I have put up a poll asking which IPA you prefer. You have to pick just one. Notice I don't say 'best,' this is about the one you would choose if you had all four on offer but could pick only one.
Extremely well-paid employees are pulling copper, gold and uranium out of the ground in vast quantities. Instead of Coober Pedy’s beat-up trucks and utility vehicles, Roxby streets are lined with 4x4s that have never seen anything other than tarmac. The streets are lined with green manicured grass and there is not a real local in site.
Happy Australia Day! Ok, well Australia Day is really tomorrow but I wanted this pattern to be available a little early. These tiny paper Waratah flowers are really easy to make and you can do the earring set in under an hour. Plus, you probably have all the materials on hand! How cool is that?
The man, 33, went to Westfield Shopping Centre, Tuggerah at 10am on Saturday to buy a costume for a dress up party.
Green Chillies - 3
In the LAN of your family,
1/2 a medium onion, grated on a box grater or pureed in a processor
if you want the 4-1-1 on movember so you can get involved next year by growing a stache and/or sponsoring one - you can visit the official movember website here.
watching a television program on nazism.
But as I sit around this week surveying the post-Christmas wreckage—the unwrapped presents, the messy house, the luggage yet to be unpacked, the few extra pounds around my waist and a carb-induced stupor that makes me want to take just one more nap on the couch—I can’t help but think about next year.
But what about madras? It may be too early in some parts for madras inclusion on Easter Sunday. Or some might say that it’s too casual and festive for church. Are you kidding me? Have you seen some of the swathings or lack thereof in the pews lately? I’ll halt the rant right here and refer us back to the point I made about Jesus not caring—as long as you are in the pew. And I wore madras on
Sit back and enjoy some inspiration from my terrific design team!
In another ten years time
Red Micro Beedz: on 2 Hearts Art Accentz Red Micro Beedz
To get around this, the discourse of the "ajosshi fan" was invented. Ajosshi fans, or uncle fans, claim their feeling toward the girls' is like a friendly uncle’s feelings toward his niece - a little paternal, a little protective, but most of all, innocent and de-sexualized. This is a convenient justification, because by claiming to be an “uncle fan” a guy can pretend he hasn’t noticed that these band members are chosen and the videos are designed for sex appeal. By throwing up his hands and shouting "Uncle" he gets to ogle underage girls, but the "Uncle fan" explanation lets him off the hook without feeling like a creep. Kind of like the creepy uncle who tries to look down his niece's shirt while going on about how she's growing up. I'm sure my female readers could comment on how NOT benign such affection is... even though sometimes it probably is meant in all innocence.
~kliegs
So what were my hopes for heroes 6? Bigger maps. Hands down. A game that could be played just like heroes 3, but with nicer graphic. A game that perfected all the little flaws of the fifth version of the game. http://starstonestenfalk.wordpress.com/2011/02/10/heroes-of-might-and-magic-5-game/
Six dancers will perform in a piece of work with original choreography from Filip Van Huffel and music from Joris Vanvinckenroye and Aranis.
Grilled Lamb Chops
Lately I feel like my blog posts have been so HEAVY or non-existent. Of course adoption is hard and we've hit several rough patches throughout our process, but that's not all we're about. I want the 'ol blog to be a reflection of me and I certainly haven't been doing a great job of it. I'm not the type of person that walks around doom and gloom and I'd like not to give that type of impression. So, to lighten things up, today I bring you:
Barbara ordered a mojito to start off with and we all decided to split the Indian Style Bread Service. It looks as though I forgot to write down exactly what bread and accompaniments we ordered but I'll go off of memory. I think we got the Naan, Papadum, and Paneer. For the accompaniments we got the Mango Chutney, Garlic Pickle, and Roasted Red Bell Pepper Hummus. EVERYTHING was amazing! I can see now why people always suggest to order it. Naan was the highlight for the breads and everyone sort of liked different accompaniments best. The Garlic Pickle was the most unique by far. If you don't like a strong garlic flavor then I definitely would not suggest it to you. Fortunately for me, I love garlic more than life itself.
Thank you Lord for allowing me to see another day. Help me not to take each day for granted. Lead and guide me to follow the plan that YOU have for me today.
I also started over on my MSMS Swap item because I wasn't inspired at all by what I was doing at first. See, I wanted to make placemats but it would have been like making 4 pillow covers. It's not that I don't want to put time into it but it was just too much so I settled on a pillow cover because it's something my partner requested.
Or the mannequins painted like window-shop whores
Right through the changin weather; the sky was all turning gray.
of Madonna-blue cotton,
Don't forget you still have time to enter my blogaversary candies
Bring back the make do and mend attitude where hand me downs are a blessing and school clothes that don’t quite fit are acceptable. We need to drop the idealistic snobbery of what it is to get by and help each other out. our nations snobbery will be our demise.
When those friends become more than friends or when those friends become enemies, it’s up to you to draw the line. Brush it off and continue to play. If you hate every girl who steals or every boy who cheats, you’ll never allow yourself to open up to the ones that have the potential to matter. Temple is a big school; therefore, there is no need to make yourself feel small. Open up even when you break down!Girls don’t try to impress guys. Really, girls try and impress other girls. From what they’re wearing, to the guy they take home from the party. Judgement has a big role on the playground.
Did she?
It would be wrong to infer that there is not still a major disconnect between Scottish nationalists’ constitutional aspirations and those of the bulk of Scottish people. The SNP has acquired a reputation for delivering competent government, which has brought electoral success. That is its mandate, but it doesn’t stop Salmond et al from pursuing another agenda.
Hearing it by this distant northern sea.
The sunflowers were brought round by Hetty, a good friend. They lasted a long time.
1oz Triple Sec
Here are some of my favorite images from the past month:
I dropped my pants and the second my pasty, white cheeks touched the porcelain seat, EXPLOSION!!! It was like a giant cow patty.
I felt I was being led through a lesson of emotional contrasts. My first one could be titled: ‘Terror and Extreme Discomfort,’ and ‘Losing Who I Am in the Lower World.’ This second one could be: ‘Normalcy and Perspective.’ I have one more ceremony tomorrow night. Will I experience a full array of experience and be led into higher visions in the upper realms? It seemed a logical expectation, but I knew better than to assume it.
But I did it and I feel proud!
Eldrad claimed she had been overthrown after a war between his people and another and asked to be brought back to his homeworld. The Doctor agreed to take Eldrad to Kastria, but refused to go back to the past. Eldrad agrees and lead the TARDIS to Kastria. In the Kastrian base, Eldrad is poisoned by an acid harpoon, which starts to break down her system, though regeneration chamber before her structure broke down.
finding some alien race not of this planet,
The great David Selby (Dark Shadows) sinks his teeth into a juicy villain role as the venal Fletcher. He even gets a funny dinner scene where he utters weird monster sounds to amuse his son in a moment that feels like it was an improvised bit. It doesn’t have anything to do with the story but Selby is able to humanize Fletcher a little bit. His character mostly cares about the almighty buck and his comeuppance is quite satisfying. Rachel Hunter is just fine in an under-written role as a hot shot lawyer that eventually teams up with Eli and Jacob. Hayley isn’t some cliché damsel in distress but gets to mix it up with the boys and even kick a little ass.
"I can no longer hear anything," said Tom deftly.
Second, the not so unexpected wreck for Brian Vickers..seriously, why does he still get to drive again?? This time, he and Junior tangled up..topping off Junior’s already horrifying day..
What new buildings and lifestyles might result?
Does disability mean inability? I think not. It just means the person has extra challenges to overcome. I believe society is what disables an individual. What do you think?
The Lord Mayor wears an impressive brimmed hat and fur lined gown over a doublet with his chain of office across his chest. He’s also sporting a starched ruff collar, something that was a little old fashioned by this time but seems to have been retained as part of official regalia.
Certainly NCAA basketball pools would fall under the provisions on the code. Look for arbitrary enforcement of this rule in March: the provision gives the administration the grounds for targeting virtually any student or group of students that are out of favor.
“I Get It In!” – Camel to the eye of the needle
I hope these pictures of life in bloom make your day just a little bit sweeter. Blessings to all of you. (And peace to Patty Ann and her family)
Mario Tremblay finished his coaching career with a wining record in Montreal. In 179 games coached; Tremblay possesses a 71-63-25 record for 167 points. No Scotty Bowman type numbers. No Boom – Boom Geoffrion numbers either …
A small & medium fiskars heart punch and a sentiment stamp were all that I needed. The small hearts are on pop dots and overlap slightly the larger hearts.
I carried on with the blog because I'm enjoying it, seeing people pour in from all over the world.
Long Shot: Michael Shannon (Lead Actor)
If you do get together with someone you love
The only special feature mentioned (on play.com) is an audio commentary with the director David Fincher.
For example, we now know that, contrary to claims made when the bill passed, the law will not come close to achieving universal coverage. In fact, as time goes by, it looks as if the bill will cover fewer and fewer people than advertised. According to a report from the Congressional Budget Office released last week, Obamacare will leave 27 million Americans uninsured by 2022. This represents an increase of 2–4 million uninsured over previous reports. Moreover, it should be noted that, of the 23 million Americans who will gain coverage under Obamacare, 17 million will not be covered by real insurance, but will simply be dumped into the Medicaid system, with all its problems of access and quality. Thus, only about 20 million Americans will receive actual insurance coverage under Obamacare. That’s certainly an improvement over the status quo, but it’s also a far cry from universal coverage — and not much bang for the buck, given Obamacare’s ever-rising cost.
Tools & Video First Aid Games Mobile Apps Slideshows Symptom Checker Vaccine Tracker Tests & Tools Videos Community Experts & Blogs WebMD Community Drugs & Medications Center Find or Review a Drug Vitamins or Supplements Pill Identifier Drug News Mobile Drug Information Healthy Living Women’s Health Men’s Health 50
Over the years, employees had all sorts of training but rarely implement many of these new notions. Only when you bridge that gap can productivity and people development really happen. Furthermore, in leadership the greatest challenge involves moving from just doing (the normal business activities) to changing (creating an new culture).
* Massachusetts Institute of Technology - MIT (USA)
We had a very exciting Christmas-filled weekend, starting on Friday in Nashville. Dave Barnes, one of my absolute favorite artists of all time, performed his “Very Merry Christmas” show at the James K. Polk Theatre. If you aren’t already a fan of Dave (do people like that still exist?), please go give him a listen. He’s spectacular. He’s also a hoot, and I have a hard time not smiling the entire time he’s onstage. Goodness, Eric and I were cracking up the whole time.
Wrong with me,
I can't remember the last time I had to pay for any clothes other than my smalls.
I did a little research, asked around on a homebrew forum or two, and came up with a recipe that, while not attempting to reproduce 90 Shilling down to each detail, was at least inspired by it. So you might call this a semi-clone.
Yeast has, since then, been a miracle and a menace to generations of brewers. In the right conditions - temperature, food source and protection from bacteria - it will begin it’s beer making by multiplying rapidly, then feeding on the fermentable sugars and, finally, producing alcohol and CO2 before dropping to the bottom to become a rich source of vitamin B - the very vitamin that beer consumes. Magic! It is also responsible for many of the flavour notes found in different beers.
I have to tell you about this film Burn After Reading, It’s absolutely hilarious even though it has quite a serious story line! I will give you the movie info first..
I did find it slightly hard to suspend belief that his family left him alone, and the numerous adults that he told what he was doing let him be as well. I didn't really like the ending to the book, finding it much too implausible, but overall I did enjoy my time with My Side of the Mountain. It was also an interesting contrast to From The Mixed Up Files of Mrs Basil E Frankweiler which I read recently. There a young girl, Claudia, ran to New York, specifically the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Here, a young man runs from New York. I love timing like that.
‘Slip into Blue’ is mellow but without sounding sedated as Carter’s breathy vocals carry it away into the yonder. ‘Stops you breathing/treasure I’m keeping/Stolen from you while you’re sleeping’ is the refrain before descending into a Zepplin-esque carnival.
Please one post per person.
"Honey, the burner you fixed works, but only gets, um, warm, not hot at all" (should have kept my mouth SHUT)
The lesson here, is that you should always stop at red lights.
Talking about friends connecting with friends, the lovely Skippy had some questions after the last post on mobile operations. She wanted to know what the set-up looks like inside my car. So, here are some pictures, just for her. (Y'all can look, too ...)
-Finding it lame and wanting to leave soon after arrival
Copics & Prismacolor pencils
Where a legal issue arises which is outside the scope of the retainer, either because of extraordinary time requirements or specific expertise needed (for example a lawsuit, environmental issue, patent filing or other specific intellectual property applications or prosecutions, or going public), services would include:
Konig Pilsener 4.9%
I also soon grew tired of running out of this or that and not having a good color match when working on a layout. I always seemed to be at a loss for the right color or right item or size needed for my layout regardless of the huge assortment of papers, embellishments and supplies I had stockpiled. Then there was the huge process of dragging everything out and put it away again when I'm through. Basically I gave up on scrapbooking and moved on to rubber stamping and other crafty projects.
Koko, a famous (and controversial) Gorilla was born on the 4th of July in 1971. She was named this as it translates to 'Fireworks Child'.
Don’t be afraid to give this a try, I have had many people try these and say they don’t like liver but they do enjoy these as the consistency and smoothness is more a pate and very mild if any liver flavor at all.
The phrase “smart growth” has a liberal connotation, but that label is unfairly given. Smart growth policies benefit everyone. It is not a partisan issue; at least it shouldn’t be a partisan issue. Conservatives often attack smart growth policies, but I think this is a result of a misunderstanding of the impact smart growth policies can have on a community.
“Y O U RB O S S; M a r v i n would like to add you to his or her BlackBerry Messenger Contact List.’
And who could say no to a happy Music Man like George Parks? Certainly not me. To read more about George Parks or to donate to the George N. Parks Marching Band Building, click here.
IBU: 12-16
Glistening alongside the likes of Liquid Sky, Girls Just Want to Have Fun, Valley Girl, Voyage of the Rock Aliens, Killer Workout and To Live and Die in L.A., Valet Girls joins a select group of films that are set during 1980s. Okay, I know, you're thinking to yourself: "Aren't there are literally thousands of films that were set during the 1980s?" Actually, that's not true. You might find this hard to believe, but there are only a handful of films floating around out there that can be truly call themselves "an '80s film." You see, most of the films that were made throughout that particular ten year period we like to call "the '80s," while, from a technical point of view, were indeed made during the decade in question, they were, however, not set there.
Franconia will sell in draft and keg only for now. Originally planned are four beers: a light lager, a wheat ale, a third beer that will either be a kölsch or a schwarzbier, and one as yet unnamed that will be sold exclusively through the Two Rows chain.
*Heres to a great Dad who gives baths, makes mac n cheese and coaches little league.
while conductors
Combine the oil, sausage, chicken, vegetables and spices and cook until the vegetables soften. Add the rice and cook for a few minutes. Add the water and simmer covered for 45 minutes. Enjoy!
Belonging to an anti-white church, or (say) having been a member of the Communist Party or believing that the CIA invented AIDS are different, as these have definite real-world policy implications.
