If you simply want to send me an email...that's great too! kmager@crememagnolia.net
Our dip mixes are packed with flavor! You can choose 3 of your favorites and save!
Throw in the thawed prawns
(I will admit, my bigger complaint with Ghostbusters was that it was too short. That had annihilation to do with its budgetary value, but rather that I artlessly did not appetite the bold to end. The absolute ancillary is its brevity makes it simple to play through repeatedly, for example, whenever I get about to watching the movies again.)
I’ve encountered Supervisor Mode before, on the Atari ST. It allows non-user-mode operations to be called (OS traps and such), but I’m not sure what functionality is prohibited if it were turned of on the Megadrive. Bottom line, it needs to be ON. I also need to ensure that the three interrupt level bits are OFF – these determine the lowest interrupt level that is allowed to fire, and at the moment I don’t know which interrupts qualify for what level so I’ve enabled them all. With this in mind, I’ve corrected the init code to read:
We received the two new summer lines from Fancy Pants. You will be seeing lots of new creations with these lines soon because we are using them for our April Design Team. Fancy Pants also has a new newsletter with great ideas. I have the line below for you.
Tucker said she had spent the past 20 years studying the mythology, symbolism and indigenous knowledge systems behind the white lions. "I can say with authority there is no cultural basis for having a lioness killed because of human error," she said.
each other.
“It’s not that easy,” Brian replied. When I met his eyes, he looked away, his brow furrowing.
My friend Hannah (who literally brings sunshine with her wherever she goes, in case you were wondering) commented on my earlier post and made a point:
There are obvious – and entirely justified – complaints: for instance that this system simply transforms the Californian penal system into a new kind of sociological adventure tourism, favoring those residents of the state with enough disposable income to avoid showering alongside gangs of neo-Nazis – totally violating any concept of punishment or rehabilitation in the process.
I hope everyone will think about picking up this wonderful magazine at their local bookstore because it truly inspires wanderlust and is worth it. I’ll try to post some of their articles from time to time on Wanderlust Wednesdays.
Romans 12:2 And do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind, so that you may prove what the will of God is, that which is good and acceptable and perfect.
Wakame
He got his line back on Saturday.
Parents are suing Apple over addictive kids iPad/iPhone games. The results of the lawsuit will be available as a $2 in-app purchase.
The only bit of normalcy in her life is her budding relationship with local, Alex Cameron. But when Alex appears at Henry VIII's Hampton court, Hope realizes she was played. Alex is one of the criminal Timeslippers, on a mission to steal a book so powerful, its owner can reshape history. She must rescue her mom and keep the book out of the Timeslipper's hands, even if it means Hope will never return.
Can we reintroduce some sanity?
A recent post there seeks to know the traits that make a “beer douche” and I made a point of adding my comment, which I’ll try to replicate here with some detail.
Obviously, use of the term "Israel-Firster" to describe someone with whom you disagree is not meant to open a discussion, or advance an argument, but to demonize your opponent. When Jews use it, as Joe Klein does, it is particularly unfortunate, because it is a term specifically designed to marginalize Jews in the American political discourse, and people like Joe Klein will eventually reap the whirlwind, in one form or another. The mainstreaming of hostility toward any group of Jews leads inevitably to the mainstreaming of hostility to Jews generally. And of course it's probably a sound idea for Jews to avoid using neo-Nazi-derived slurs to describe other Jews.This is why I'm taking the time to write about this latest tiresome episode of jew-firstiness. Did you catch what Goldberg did right there? Did you notice how he used the terms "neo-Nazi", "fascist", and "anti-semitic" to describe someone with whom he disagrees? How he indirectly explained that he doesn't mean for it to open a discussion, or advance an argument, but to demonize his opponent?
I will be more adventurous.
A woman is like a tea bag – you never know how strong she is until she gets in hot water. – Eleanor Roosevelt.
The Pakistani Cabinet, however, approved the signing of agreements for cooperation and mutual assistance in customs matters, bilateral cooperation on mutual recognition between the Pakistan Standard and the Quality Control Authority (PSQCA) and the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) and on redressal of trade grievances between the two countries. The agreements are likely to be signed tomorrow in Islamabad.
I've used this blog space largely to share our family adventures and my views on homeschooling and some random rants. I hope the information I've shared here has helped other families make their own great schooling decisions, plan their own great trips, enjoy a giggle or an outright guffaw.
11.Understand
Next day, I was checking out Marin Brewing. The Giants were at home and the ballpark was emptying by the time I got back to the Ferry Building. I made my way to Toronado up on Haight St (& Fillmore), but so had a horde of fans, so I stopped in for a couple of beers (both Moonlight, one Death & Taxes, the other Twist Of Fate), but the crowd was being swelled by the after-work drinkers, so I made my way back towards Market St.
Gorgeous cards ladies! Thank you for playing along with our challenge. Please feel free to grab our Top 3 blinkie from the sidebar.
21If my hand had been lifted up against him who had done no wrong, when I saw that I was supported by the judges;
- In a salad bowl, put your spring mix or whatever lettuce you’re using, and diced cherry tomatoes.
by Raelene Gorlinsky
And more embarrassing even.... When have you only seen and never heard a word, so you mispronounced it? I'll start: I remember getting to college and telling a professor that I thought TS Eliot was the"epp-it-home of modern poetry." The professor gently suggested that maybe I meant "epit-oh-mee."
If you haven't already, you MUST check out Style Villa! These two sisters have impeccable style and serve up some amazing interior design and fashion inspirations daily!
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
It gives you just about almost everything you must look and feel ideal for that occasion. And did additionally you recognize that the colour red has long been scientifically verified to elevate your self-confidence? Yup, it is really certainly a must-own look-effortlessly-hot product!
Free Aphrodite from an amorphous marble
Careened on a cursed island, the old captain and her men are caught between warring navies.
Today I met a friend and we went out for lunch. We ended up in a pub that we drove past and realised we didn’t even know where exactly we were. The food was lovely!
As Dream floated across the room,
Somehow a double act was born and over the space of 3 months Dave and I must have amassed nearly 12 hours of the most inane, embarrassingly juvenile recordings ever committed to magnetic tape. We did impressions, told jokes, made up songs and murdered existing ones by recording our own lyrics over the tops of the originals. I can lay personal claim to having murdered Bono and lyrically shitting on his grave on at least five separate occasions.
Pairings: Cheese: Monterey Jack, Colby Cuisine: TexMex
Those first few quiet weeks, shrouded in the fog of sleepiness and winter and staying-close-to-home seem like an eternity ago. This year, the weather is warmer and our sleepy brand-new newborn is a flurry of toddler activity.
sadly I always went back and just kept breaking off.
UPDATE: comments point to a good post at Romm's that discusses the various terms and state of play for solar in the US. Ignoring environmental issues for a second to focus on economics, I think LCOE is fine for any buyer to use to determine whether solar prices out well, but the overall system has to consider other price issues as well. The grid parity at the link works when you're buying electricity at the high retail rates, but it will take a lot longer if you're a utility that can buy wholesale.
Press the filling on to slices of bread. In a lightly oiled skillet, place the sandwich filling-side down. Let the filling become golden, then flip over and let the bread toast well. Serve with ketchup for the most kid-friendly finish!
And I am alone.
so, obviously, that said, i’m going to go put on a load of laundry now. and maybe vacuum or something…
Found the fabric at an op shop – don’t love it but I wear Rust, Brown and Green colours. It is known as a Basketweave – see how the yarns hop over one another – it’s not that common these days.
So is kissing Rob worse than stacking it in a crowded pub?
We crossed a wooden bridge, and ended up in a very beautiful large park. Vladimir drew my attention to how strong the change in energy space is.
He said the government had thought over settlement for the past six months for the benefit of the parties involved, as the cases, if proceeded in court, would take a long period for resolution.
Mix the flour, cornstarch, and spices in a shallow dish. Mix the flaxseed and water into a loose paste. Add it to the milk in a second shallow bowl. Add the bread crumbs, nutritional yeast (or grated parm), salt and pepper to the third shallow bowl.
P.S. My legs are hairy too, but I win cuz I'm not dead.
The trip has been planned so we have two stops, one in Vlissingen and on the way home Dunkirk. The rest of the time will hopefully be spent with friends or driving to places like ‘Weener’ for a photo opportunity!
Last night was the final installment of the year in The Liquorists busy calendar, the seasonal spirits trail! Following the same concept of their Vodka trail last month, we were to be enjoying 5 different spirits, 5 different cocktails in 5 different bars accompanied by 5 different light bite appetizers. Sound daunting? Challenge accepted!
That would be one way to view chemtrails. There are other ways and none of them speak well for the massive effort expended.
I learned if a spinning top is in motion balance is taking place by its constant movement. Once the top has stopped it is no longer balanced. When you think about it, movement balances the body. Imagine your-self sitting in a chair at the computer if you notice we all lean forward the space between our back is hindered by the back of the chair and it causes an imbalances in our motion. So, we move our legs, hands, feet constantly while we are in a sitting position.
And here's another Maria! There must be something about that name. I think it translates into 'she who is not afraid of hopeless upholstery.' Even though these orange chairs were pretty fun, Maria couldn't overlook those mega rips. Who could? No throw pillow in existence could conceal them. But after stripping the chairs down to the nubs, she brought them back to life with a neutral fabric and some sweet detailing. See it all on her blog Our Lake Life.
In the ashes of our lives
This is a cook book from an actress "Eva Longoria". Since her parents are Mexican, I thought I can get some good Mexican recipes from this book. I liked many of the stuff I saw. I am excited about trying it.
What a perfect day today is turning out to be! The weather is a cool, but fine 16 degrees (think Celsius, not Fahrenheit, my American friends), and just lovely for a day off work and catching up on lots of domestic tasks.
In the days of high tech entertainment, it was inevitable that Internet TV would take off in the long run. This is a service that is available to web users and includes RTE players within Ireland as well as HULU or Revision 3 IN USA.
An’ learn t’ love the things ye have by usin’ ‘em each day;
Turn your broiler on high.
As of April 7th 2011 we have decided to steer this blog in a different direction, leaving behind us the aggregation activities that it all started with, and become a music blog, offering legal and full album streams.
It was not just beads. I also got a nifty beaded pencil and pen with seed beads in (a few of them striped, my latest "seed bead colour obsession" as it happens!). And I got a folder, which is also exciting to a hoarder/collector/colour addict beader like me because it contained colour charts and also other goodies like a bead size chart, project instructions, a leaflet about their bead shop etc. And it makes a very useful source of reference material for bead bloggers like me.
I start with a pretty good idea of what the general plot will be but I just LOVE watching what happens once I begin. My characters take on a life of their own and they just insist on doing their own thing. They’re unstoppable!
5) DO YOU KNOW WHAT TIME YOU WERE BORN?
After mixing up the basics we placed it in the refrigerator overnight. You can serve it straight away over ice, but I prefer to let the flavors muddle a little. Once we were ready to serve we added the additional fruit and the soda.
In short, everyone is… HAPPY!
2. I’ve been on a diet for two weeks and all I’ve lost is two weeks.
Unit Types : Studio, 1 BR, 2 BR, 2 BR+, 3 BR
But at long last -- SUCCESS! Now, before you get too excited and rush over to have a look, I have to say; it's a pretty uninspiring website. But let's think on the bright side shall we. The more tickets that are purchased, I'll be that much closer to being able to hire a web designer to spruce things up over there!
It includes things like milestone weight losses and activites that I want to do that I can’t do or at least easily do now, for example sky diving. I have created a page just for the goals to keep it all in one place that is easily updated. I will be crossing out items as I go and adding them when a new shiny nickel catches my attention.
2) Now add the sugar, yogurt, water, oil, vanilla extract and stir till it is well combined.
For the moment that we do, our spiritual growth
Kitano plays a (mostly) happy-go-lucky character, who participates in kendo because she finds it to be fun (and also, one suspects, because her friends also participate); Narumi's character is the daughter of a kendo master (who lives in the dojo run by her father). Narumi is mortified to learn that Kitano doesn't even recall their prior match -- and is more than a bit ferocious in their first practice match. Despite their contrasting dispositions, the two form a (sometimes rocky) friendship during their first year of high school. The two young stars here do a first-rate job in making the relationship credible.
I've seen more of my lovely fella recently than I have in ages, as a big job of his has eventually ground to a halt. It was a little drawn-out and stressful, but thankfully he's in one piece! So he's been about, which means that
Here's my card! I kept it simple as I wanted the bride's dress to stand out. The hearts in the background are cut with my Cricut. And the circles are cut with my Silhoutte. I haven't had alot of time to play with it, but what time I have had....I'm loving it! I love this little bride and groom they are so so precious! They are from this week's sponsor Digi Doodle Shop and you can find it Here . This week's winner will receive a $10.00 gift certificate towards some stamps!!!
...a really cool glittered bird and I love that clock! I have a thing for clocks you know--especially the very style Darlene added here! The end little message shared was---It's never too late to find out who you want to be!
I've been playing around with ink again... it's a bit of a habit.
C is the chest pains? Perhaps car-d-iac??
Hmmm...can I do 9:15 or 9:30?
Inspiration from Sneak Peekers
Tell me
Of course the Métis resisted those thieves! I suspect if Indigenous North Americans ever turned up on a european (or any foreign) shore with murder, bio-terrorism (smallpox blankets), rape, pillage, looting, kidnapping, child sex slavery, and adult work slavery, and theft the only thing on their mind, europeans (or anyone else) would resist as well! The fact is Indigenous North Americans were happy where they were, and had no desire to invade and disturb other people around the globe for "riches" and illusory "power over".
Hi there friends! I’m officially 30 (the new 20!). With birthday celebrations and recent vacations, I still feel that I have much to get caught up on around here so please pardon the blogging irregularities of late. This blog has been sorely neglected due to recent internet and computer issues making for less than smooth blogging! :(
Djinni
If the beer market hadn't started to successfully communicate beer's fantastic flavour attributes more effectively, using the language of food & wine writers, and celebrity chefs, then it was doomed.
Minding my business at the pet store, a man put his hand on my shoulder while asking me how many pets I have. Raise your hand if you've ever heard the term 'personal space'. Yep, I thought so. My kid even knows it. This is not ok. Don't touch me.
Many people looking to get out of a marriage behave badly. They check out emotionally. Have affairs. Wake up one day and just walk out. These behaviors hurt their spouses even more. “The greatest source of pain for a person who is the leave-ee is that they didn’t have an opportunity to respond and work on things with their spouse,” Ms. Gadoua says.
Lately life has been out of control. I'm ten steps behind, hanging on by a thread, and just hoping my world stays together and life doesn't completely fall apart. I've slacked on training with my girls, let up on reading/studying God's word, I've put off going to the Lord in prayer, I push down the clothes in the hamper a little farther instead of starting a load of laundry, my kitchen floor is filthy, my desk is super unorganized, I haven't unpacked our suitcase from last week... and I've allowed these things to get under my skin. I feel out of control. I feel behind. I feel like a failure. What a great way to start the new year! :)
Written on a Foggy Day
Stage Four: Failure, Helplessness and Crisis. What? You got all the way to crazy-town with nobodies help? How did you get there so fast? There is no longer talk you should go to therapy behind your back. It’s happening in front of your back. You’ve been running on fumes and your body is broken from going nonstop. You’re facing serious injury. You didn’t pace yourself. Uh oh.
I have been looking at this issue for a while and have been trying to find a way around it. This is easy for me to accomplish because I live on a farm very far from the city. I can raise cattle, chickens, pigs, or really anything that strikes my fancy and isn’t restricted by law. Obviously, my first thought was to buy a bull and couple of heifers and raise cattle because they’re big and they’d be able to feed me and my family for a long time.
death was not something she would fear
So glad to see you again this week...and we are so grateful for all the wonderful comments and participation in the new releases last week....it was tons of fun! :)
Pregame:
Cutely-acting Kai God: (t/n chinese fans also wonder why he’s called 开爷) Displaying extreme talented dancing in the teasers, dancing machine Kai, changes completely once he comes off stage. Besides the smile so big that makes his eyes disappear, the casual acts of cuteness kills the crowds of fans in a second. When he doesn’t understand something, with a dazed look in his eyes, he asks his elder brothers, when he is in a daze, he raises his index finger to rest between his lips, the number of tricks he has to act cute are so numerous they cannot be counted.
Grammy came to hang out with us on Wednesday and do a little shopping, so of course we hit up CPK (California Pizza Kitchen) for our favorite salads. Ryann always gets a kick out of drinking from a 'big kid' cup. Ryann and I were on our own Wednesday night, so when she requested a bath at 4:45, I figured why not. We spent a good 30-45 minutes just playing in the bath. Of course followed by a goofy mirror photo session. We ended our little girls' night watching Tangled and eating 'special' (s'mores) popcorn. Ryann was definitely a happy little camper.
educators.
-You and your family must sleep in my house and I will go now to your house and see what is happening in the attic and kill the animal that has caused those strange noises.
The area has apparently seen better days. The streets are broad, beautiful and tree-lined. The rows of terraces are attractive, though most of the fresh paint is graffiti.
The end will justify the means.”
How typical is this for someone who doesn’t want to hear the truth? There wasn’t anything good to say about Ahab. Ahab’s response, “I hate him!”
The proponents of same-sex “marriage” don't tolerate any defense of true marriage - - God's marriage.
The update from company spokeswoman Misty Pinson, when asked Monday if the company had reconsidered, appears to have grounded any hope that Jerry Meekins, 76, of Clearwater, Fla., might get his money back. Meekins bought the ticket to Atlantic City last month so he could see his daughter before she had surgery of her own. But when his esophageal cancer left his immune system too ravaged for travel, all the airline offered him was another ticket.
Paul lifted her hands to his lips and kissed them slowly. “I don’t want to back out of it.” He slid his hand around her head, his thumb grazing her cheek lightly, and pulled her toward him. His lips barely separated from hers, he whispered, “I don’t want to back out of it at all” before he kissed her. It could be called nothing but a chaste kiss, probably not even anything she would have gotten in trouble for if witnessed after a ball. But, it was a kiss so full of feeling and promise that she found herself wanting more.
Benjamin Netanyahu, then living in Israel, had traveled to the U.S. to deliver the tragic news to his parents.
Following the presentation, guests gathered in the expansive Espace SAT to enjoy some refreshments and discuss the day’s events. “I think the keynote was really good, well made and interesting,” said Haralanova, who has just finished her PhD forum, and will soon begin working on her thesis proposal in which she plans to examine “hacker spaces, feminism, social justice, and the media.”
So fortunately for me a summer in Brittany is perfect for delicious cheeses, salads and tomatoes. A few packets/bags/wrappings need opening, a sprinkle of red peppercorns (my favourite flavour), a drizzle of olive oil and a squeeze of lemon juice and a light but delicious lunch is prepared.
In the 1850's - a period when as we've already seen many were keen on getting soldiers off spirits - "Allen's Indian Mail" has lots of adverts from the East India Company inviting tenders for beer orders. This is a typical one:
Now, this flies in the face of all those happily married statistics I've seen. And truthfully, these new statistics are quite liberating. There's always been this huge stigma surrounding the never-been-married set -- stereotypes full of spinsters with cats sitting in rocking chairs and knitting their days away or being at the center of neighborhood gossip where kids make up stories about them and the stories become the stuff of legends.
Technology in the classroom creates a new type of learning environment
Yes, Clay has clogged the toilet more than once.
The figures appeared in the bubble again. Through Clearsight, Rel could clearly see the resemblance between the human and Van Raighan; the same thin face and pointed features. The man in the bubble was taller and broader than his brother, but brothers they were. So where was Van Raighan’s lie?
These days, adultery rarely has much of an impact on the distribution of assets — except in cases where one spouse has used marital assets to support the extra-marital relationship. For example, if a husband borrows against a marital asset in order to support his mistress, that fact would likely be taken into account in distributing the assets of the marriage.
* What inspired you to write Coping with Chloe?
If you still haven't heard of it you're not thr first. If I haven't been to Sentosa lately I wouldn't have known that this building here exists just outside Beach Station. You know, that station where you go for Songs of the Sea? Yah, there.
I got a wild hair and finished the Pump and Solar housing box for the rain water harvest system. It is chambered and sealed where no water will get into the electrical side if a leak accrues. The solar cell will be fitted to the top of the lid and all the electrical components will be underneath.
I had my Son write Papa on the little tag.( he calls his daddy Papa ) We dont yet know what we are getting him for Father's day. I think I might have to head to Pinterest for some ideas!
You’re probably thinking if I don’t want people to use my photos why not just post what I don’t mind people using. Long story short. I have three friends who photos was stolen from their blogs and another from a Facebook cooking group that she was in. I try to tell you each of the stories short and painless. I started placing my name in big and bold last year when my friend who use to blog photos was use in another cooking blog with modify ingredients. She sadly told me of her misfortune and warned me to start placing my name on my photos. Almost the same happen to another friend that I know. She has her name on her photos but small. Someone took her name off the photo and had the nerve to copy and paste her recipe to their business website. This is when I start not only having my name big and bold on my photos, but also a big annoying circle watermark. If someone have the nerve to steal my photos they have to work hard to edit off my name and watermark. You’re probably thinking yes, they can edit my name and replace it with theirs. Yes they could, but they can never use the image for a book, magazine, or poster. A few months ago my dear friend had her photos and also recipes publish in a magazine. She found out by a friend of hers who know her work. She was highly upset. She contacted the magazine and they done nothing or issue her credit in the next Indian magazine issue. I stress to her when she share her work via her blog or on Facebook she need to place her name not in the corner of her screen but on her food items, also place an annoying watermark over her photos. In my eyes professionals and nonprofessional photographers take a lot of time and energy to take what they see as the perfect shot to tell a story….protect your work.
I was so excited and I couldn't believe it!!
They existed for a time on the planet Segonax where they took over the Psychic Circus and its entertainers, the Ringmaster and the Chief Clown. Outside their own world, they appeared as a man, a woman and a little girl sitting in the audience, while in another world they appeared as trio of living stone statues. They used the Circus to recruit new performers to perform and to die as punishment for failing to amuse.
Every so often you come across something you wish you'd written.
OK so the PC’s are a party of 5 3rd levels and a 1st level, for 16 total levels. The baddies were 4 CR 5s: Were Rat bard/rogue, Yuan ti Wiz 4, Drow cleric 5, Drow Fighter 4. Or somehting I might heve the levels a little meixed, but you get the point. It was in a tavern with an attached 3 story tower. The 3 were in the tower’s top floor, while their ‘face’ the were rat went downstairs to see who entered (town is beseiged by undead). He sees tyhem and changes to hybrid, screams “enemies!” The party reacts and chase him to the second floor where the w/r is tackled and slain. The yuan ti meanwhile casts grease on the stairs up to level 3 and much hilarity ensues. Then they make it to the top o the stairs and simultaneuosly the yuan ti casts 3 magic missiles, and the rower goes dark (DARKNESS) So ends the first session…
Forward! Regress... to where?
For now, I wanna tell you about ARCO pendant.
It's often stated the children are God's gifts to us. I would have to agree with that statement, and although there are days where Griffin acts like a little Satan, more often than not he is my Angel in Disguise. As I close this post, I want to encourage you all to find your Angel in Disguise, and keep an eye or ear out for what God may have in store for you. As it states in Jeremiah 29:11, he has a purpose for everyone of us, and although we won't all walk the same exact path, we need to be in tune for where the wind blows. Remember the reason for the season, and if you don't know, I encourage you to find some time to sit down with me...I'd love to chat a bit. Until next time...Peace.
I made a cup of coffee in the kitchen and drank it red hot while watching the mongrel out the back taking a slow and determined trembly shite on the vivid-green springtime grass and I thought to myself, ‘this is the springtime of my dollar and cent,’ meaning, in my hallucinatory and philosophical bent of the morning, that my fortunes would be collapsing around my ears.
He trailed a finger down her cheek. “I remember no coercion. Come on, I have something for you.” The Gypsy King grabbed her hand and led her behind him into his wagon. Briana hesitated, so he added, “I don’t bite. You can leave whenever you want. Gypsy honor.”
I saw papers flying into the air, a small explosion
I don’t celebrate all of the neo-pagan holidays in my personal practice, and when I do I rarely do so in a way that anyone would peg as typical or traditional. But I’ve always loved Beltane.
I never used to be a fan of all white walls, but as my love for b&b has grown, so has my affection for a crisp, clean white wall. This room looks absolutely serene.
I put on my big girl pants this morning and faced that fear with my blog. I placed my confession of true feelings all over, and in my normal English language, and made another post explaining my decision.
Thomas Jones, an assistant attorney general, said jurors who sent Hernandez to death row probably would not have approved of a trial strategy that attempted to shift blame for the child’s death to the doctors treating him.
I'm writing this on Sunday night, but am going to have it set for post on Monday because I had already put up a post for Sunday and didn't want to have two in one day (I'm hoping it works). As I stated yesterday, I am finally getting back into the swing of things and the challenges have really helped.
I rose in company to more rumblings and flashings and looked out the window. It was still too dark for detail but I could see the lights of two tractor-trailer rigs pulled onto the shoulder of Highway 36. When I see the OTR truckers pulled off the road in a downpour, I’m pretty sure the red section of the weather radar is making its way through.
WALL*E (Thomas Newman)
Here is where I need your help … I know that I don’t personally know enough about these different types of reactions to child abuse. I have read many stories and spoken with many child abuse survivors, but repeating what I have heard is not the same as having experienced it.
Cinnamon Sugar Cookie (makes about 50)
today has officially made it to my Top Five Favorite Days of the Month. maybe even the Year :) i don’t know what’s wrong with me; i feel so … happy. i mean, in the midst of all the happy there’s a tinge of guilt but you know, screw that. really. screw that. i am just too overwhelmed by all this positivity; where is it all coming from? :)
Nevertheless, both Purea and Amo remained close political allies and were determined to pass on their sacred status to Teri‘irere and install him as the highest chief in the land.
Gemma can’t believe her luck when the star football player starts flirting with her. Max is totally swoon-worthy, and even gets her quirky sense of humor. So when he asks out her so-called best friend Addison, Gemma’s heartbroken. Then Addison pressures Gemma to join the date with one of Max’s friends. But the more time they all spend together, the harder Gemma falls for Max. She can’t help thinking that Max likes her back—it’s just too bad he’s already dating Addison. How can Gemma get the guy she wants without going after her best friend’s boyfriend?
The health and safety of undocumented workers is often overlooked and workers routinely put their lives at risk. For vegetable and fruit pickers, highly toxic chemicals used as pesticides and herbicides are the causes of chronic illness and infant deformities.[7] Workers in meat processing facilities fare no better. Machines operate at dangerous speeds that cause debilitating injuries. Workers face humiliation or severe punishments when they cannot keep pace. The conditions inside meat plants are usually very cold and wet and workers become sick after long hours with inadequate clothing.[8]
- The curriculum, textbooks and criteria for graduation is determined by the STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION.
... a festive display for Christmas and winter memories!
Moshi Moshi is a bright, welcoming space with lively, friendly staff. The food is very good and extremely fresh. We shared a small but tasty seaweed and a cold, clean-tasting tofu appetizer to start. Our tastes don't differ that much when it comes to raw fish so we divided a plate of hamachi sashimi, ten slices of tender, glistening fish, served at exactly the right temperature. It was beautifully presented with half of the pieces curled into a pretty rose shape. It tasted perfect.
Contributed toward strategic planning and organizational development initiatives; this required up-to-date knowledge of relevant international, federal and provincial legislation, policy, standards, and globally-recognized best practices
National health care may well be a very very good idea. However, the US way of doing so must also include our natural right to self determination, even if some of us are determined to be stupid, that is our right.
And, with no surprise, these heaven-like apartments do not come at a small cost. They will rent for about $315 per square foot and range between 27 and 14o square feet. But a girl can dream, right?
I got the recipe from The Biggest Loser Prevention Magazine.
Most of my list is training oriented so I set out this morning to get most of it done. Yet, mid yoga practice, I found myself struggling to breathe so I cut my yoga short (still got about 25 minutes in), drank a LOT of water hoping it was just heat (I spent a LOT of time prior to that outdoors in the midday heat) and took a lukewarm shower to help my body cool itself off. Thankfully, it worked but my time outdoors ended there. Heat illnesses are NOT on my list of things to do.
Sam decided not to look at the fence. They stumbled along the path for what felt like miles, the relentless, roaring gale pounding more heavily on her body with every step she took. It seemed to be blowing right through her, wrapping around her insides like she had no skin. She wished she'd brought her down coat. Her already sore muscles ached even more as she fought to hold onto her bag and her equipment. She was certain the wind would blow her backward, right down the path, if it wasn't for her father's arm across her back. Then she'd be eaten by whatever demons lived in this wild place. She wondered how Will was moving so easily, tiny as he was.
Which means that first page is just as important as your query.
There are over 100 pet rescue groups as well as pet focused Meetup groups. Parrot enthusiasts meet once a month to share stories and gain new knowledge on caring for their birds. The first Saturday of each month, the corporate office of Whole Foods Market hosts Critter Café. This adoption event features foster pets eager to meet their new family members. On the weekends, Petco and PetSmart stores are filled with adoptable rabbits, cats, and dogs.
THIS is an exciting time for these teachers and their future students. The next step is making sure you have a set of apps that you can use. AND, this is going to mean some additional funding. Think big and small – big would be going to your PTO, or your principal to see if there is a small chunk of monies for you to use to spend on paid apps. Parents – are another great resource. Here in Natick, however, due to the need for a proper paper trail, iTunes gift cards are no longer accepted. Educating parents is key! Parents need to write a check that can be deposited into a school account where the funds for apps can be drawn from. Make sure you know what your district policies are before you are stuck with a bunch of gift cards you might not be able to use.
Winter Schedule (Labor Day to March 27)
In New South Wales, Australia, we finally settled down,
6) Remove cake from oven when done. Pour topping on cake while it is still hot. Yield: 1 loaf.
CALABAMA is the story of Eric Newlin, a slacker whose life is in a rut in Redding, California. Sometimes, a rut is the safest place to be. When Eric pushes against the bounds of day-to-day life, he quickly loses everything. He falls so far that a kidnapping scheme starts to sound like a reasonable way to make the money he needs to escape Calabama.
Benny recommended this movie.
I don't grumble very often on this blog, so please excuse this little pity-me post.
The only major issue I have with this movie is its length. After trailers, you spend about 2 1/2 hours in the theater. That is a little ridiculous. But since I can’t imagine them cutting any of the scenes out, I’ll let it slide.
Kindle Best Selling author Luke Young branches out into contemporary romance with his Friends With…Benefits Series. His laugh out loud novel, Shrinkage is a previous number one best seller in humor. If you're looking for edgy and humorous romance filled with passion, desire and heart,
“Side saddle?” Jessica blanched.
Again, this depends on the project. Some projects grow, sometimes into one another, while others begin as a concept around which I am working. Gaze certainly was a defined project, but other interests and pieces early began to feed into making it a kind of hybrid animal in its interests and attentions. The manuscript I have out in submission right now, as well as the one which I am currently working on, has its origins in a book concept. Nights Reading is a series of engagements with The Thousand and One Nights, female narrator/narration, the deployment of gender, and Sir Richard Burton, as well as other writers’ takes on the story-cycle: writers such as Edgar Allen Poe, Jorge Luis Borges, John Ashbery, Fatima Mernissi, Italo Calvino. It is a marriage of many impulses, coalescing on the nature of narrative and Scheherazade as narrator, though from the beginning rooted in my own reading of The Thousand and One Nights.
“I was just going out the door to the Tri-Fest to get something to eat when I was handed this paper” with the layoff notice, Henderson County Judge-Executive Hugh McCormick said Friday afternoon. “It took my appetite away.”
R - I’m not a complete Luddite, Howard. I know how to press a button!
I don't think theaters should necessarily pay for childcare or things like that, but I do think commission fees--for those writers fortunate to work on commissions-- should take into consideration the cost of living to an extent. I've been fortunate to receive many commissions, and I am honored that I have. But the entire amount and their payment schedules often make it difficult to use the fees to get more than a fraction of the work done, even with good time management and work ethic. I used to use commission money to take time to research and not work as many teaching jobs. Now those fees usually go to childcare and I am unable to take the same type of time to do a project.
So, my incredibly sweet, loving, generous hubby went back the next morning at 6am with a college guy and a different trailer to pick it up. Let me just tell you... he's pretty much the best around.
Take BGT 2011 for example. Scouts working for SYCO first saw Ronan Parke (the 12 year old singer) some two years ago when he was just 10 and was singing at a birthday party for former Norwich City goal-keeper, Bryan Gunn. Following that, Ronan was privately auditioned by SYCO scouts on two more occasions and, as is usual practice on BGT, he was "invited" to audition for the show as a "preferred" contestant. At the same time, Ronan and his parents were "required" to enter into a contract with SYCO. Like all SYCO contracts, it is heavily weighted in favour of the label and are notoriously bad, even in the cut-throat world of the music industry. Simon effectively signed Ronan for life and he's got little or no chance of ever getting out of it...unless Simon decides to terminate. Recording contracts are legally extremely complex and usually require input and advice from very expensive, specialist contract lawyers. SYCO knows that such legal advice goes well beyond the means of most contestants. As one senior SYCO executive said to me recently. "These people are mugs. They'll sign away their own mother just to get on tv. It's a fucking turkey-shoot and then we own their arses!"
6. In 2006 the NHS spent £31 million on advertising campaigns, inc. new nurses, blood donation, drugs, immunisation, sexual health, etc. What type of advertising made up 73% of the total spending?
7) Dogwood Rust – Comets on Fire – from “Avatar”
Kris- Connie Britton (American Horror Story) would be a brilliant Kris.
You make this. You wouldn't want to disappoint The Sister, now. Would you?
I used the following items for my card:
Great, I thought. I touched the bridge of my nose and looked at the blood on my finger. My boyfriend's going to give me crap about this one. I tried to pick a SAFE horse this time! A THERAPY horse, come on!
I went to Colorado and as I was packing, I purposely left all "trying to conceive" stuff at home. My thermometer, my ovulation predictor strips, my pregnancy tests. I made myself ignore the apps on my phone, and the groups on facebook I was a part of. I just enjoyed my Christmas NOT thinking about getting pregnant, to be honest. Almost as soon as I started, I wanted to continue forcing myself to not think about it. It was the hugest relief, and just in time for the Christmas season (which, by the way, is my favorite holiday EVER). I was having a total blast in Colorado, and my mind was free to focus on other things for the first time in 18 months.
I told him that it wasn't that he was serious...it was just that he preferred to have conversations with adults over being silly with other kids. The weight of the world weighed heavily on his shoulders, and that's what I did my best to remove from him...he had enough weight without the world adding even *more* onto it. That's why before I ever even heard of radical unschooling, the focus of our lives were on SHEER JOY. I also told him that's why he was so loved by so many adults ~ because of his ability and desire to converse with them...
The First Time Mr. Darcy Spoke to Me
It seems the wing was tried again in FP3 and the FIA has taken an interest in the wing. The wing was removed and one would assume that it will not be raced for fear of mechanical failure or a post-race ban, although Ferrari’s Friday press release may suggest that the wing is a development item not planned for use in the race, but as part of the 2012 programme. Pat Fry: “We continued with the now usual parallel programmes: on the one hand looking for the best set-up for the car at this circuit and on the other, working to get a greater understanding of the latest aerodynamic updates, with the new car project in mind.”
""That's got 12.5% alcohol? That's a hell of a pizza!"
You see how much he Hearts hanging out in this cozy space? The room just wouldn't be the same or as great without the chair, or him!!
as always we encourage you to check out the gallery if you haven't yet. the new prompt--with an especially lovely guest star--debuts at midnight! see you then!
As coaches, we often see both sides of this continuum. I myself have worked with many leaders who have become disengaged(often due to working for other leaders who are themselves overloaded on catecholamines due to stress and are thus leading in a reactive way) and are hanging on in an organization fueled only by either loyalty to the mission or fear of not having another job. One brilliant, dedicated leader I have been coaching told me that she simply gave up at one point when her boss made one more uninformed decision and overrode her authority. She stopped caring and said she knew she had lost her edge and literally felt stupid. She felt she wasn’t making decisions well and was wondering what value she brought to the organization. Quite possibly a case of too few catecholamines.
2. "Children do not need to be made to learn to be better, told what to do or shown how. If they are given access to enough of the world, they will see clearly enough what things are truly important to themselves and to others, and they will make for themselves a better path into that world then anyone else could make for them." John Holt
Meanwhile I am trying to race back to my hotel to change for the concert. I have less than 45 minutes to park my truck in busy valet parking, change, and pickup a guest conductor. You can imagine the stress I was under fighting with the realtor above while the Valet is asking to park my truck.
Stir in 3 cups all-purpose flour and 1 cup bread flour, and knead dough on a floured surface until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes. The video above is of me kneading dough. I thought I knew how to knead dough, but after I googled a how to video on kneading dough. I can say that I was totally wrong. Some tips I would share are first spray your surface with pam cooking spray and put flour on your hands and dough. If your surface and dough start sticking lay down more pam or flour. This will help the dough not to stick to you or your rolling surface.
But the beer is so delightful,
....otherwise, nowhere to be seen.
- I hurt my back a month ago and it still hurts. Not happy about that.
#115. "hello, gypsy woman.."
Winslow is a performance poet and creative-writing facilitator who lives in Ravensmead. He has performed at various venues in Cape Town and has a passion for words and sound – and he’s ready to use the power held by these elements.
Something the NO APOLOGIES podcast said about kids raised on their mp3 downloads and American Idol, realizing when they go to a real concert, that till then… they had never actually heard music before.
I have bought about twenty Raider titles over the past year, and if I have one criticism, it is the layout of their books, and this still remains a consistent niggle I have up until late 2011. Their internal layout is all the same, even the font choice and placement of it on their covers looks poor at times! There is a definition between publishing house style and pure and downright sloppy layout. This is one area Raider International Publishing is letting their authors down on. I worry when I see a descent well-edited book, self published through a POD publisher, and it lets itself down on layout. Many of the books I have seen from Raider insist on that amateurish extended paragraph indent on every page, and continuation of it onto the next new chapter. It does, at this stage, seem to be a style of habit or more likely, an adherence to the templates used. Guys, sack your layout editor or change it pretty fast—you are letting yourselves down in this area and you wouldn’t believe how many people make an assumption about you as a publisher.
-Vizzy
Alice's first images were taken at home, on the grounds of Clear Comfort. From here she developed the poise, the skill and the guts to take the camera on the road -- around Staten Island, along rocky mountainous areas and winding trails. And eventually, to Manhattan itself. What a sight it would have been to behold young Alice Austen on her bike, weaving through the streets of Manhattan with her equipment strapped to the back.
The brothers always produce very bright, filtered beers, but Broken Halo looks too bright when it pours out. It's straw pale, clear as water. This is a hint to the central character of the beer, but we'll get to that in a moment. The aroma is nice--a clean, citrusy bouquet.The head is, like the picture in the photo, snowy white. My initial impressions were favorable, but there was something out of place.
Northumberland Coquetdale is by a distance my favourite cheese of the North East region. It's uncompromisingly earthy, full of texture and has a slight tangy fruity finish. Some call it strong, but cheese lovers seem to think of it as a middle weight.
We should not forget the international brigaders who preceded us, and we must continue to resist oppressive forces, with our shout of no pasaran.
31) Are those space pants??? Because your buns are out of this world!
There are no Human Rights in Islam. Certainly not in any Islamic state or when full sharia law is practised.
Doing a google search turned out lots of options and led me to expand beyond just bamboo tile. My mind just started reeling with possibilities with all of the following:
His house was jammed with collections of all descriptions, mainly household hardware and haberdashery. And data…weather data. Millions of pieces of plain paper, with sunrise and sunset, minimum and maximum temperature and rainfall documented for every day of the previous 60 years. All in tiny writing, never a day missed.
Tongue captured my most favouritest topping in the world....CARAMEL. fyi: I never go for the chocolate topping on my sundaes.I was so excited by this surprising taste sensation that I was almost angry. "What the heck is THIS? Oh my God this is so good. No, I mean, this is seriously really good. Have any of you tasted anything so good before? There's no way it could be THIS good. Oh.My.God" And yes, I was talking my way through this experience and with each sentence the pace picked up, my body tensed until finally, release. When I came to, three computer programmers, the new Web girl and hubby were gaping at me. And she said the only thing she could say to me in that moment, "Would you like some more?" No. I couldn't bring myself to cheapen the experience. I would never reach those heights again. Nothing beats the first time.
I am forever grateful for having Kevin in my life...
For within this horse race
You will find in the story of Luka's quest reminders of the thousand and one nights and of video games. Rushdie has immense fun with puns and wordplay, and you will, too! Here in this world we find the old gods, from Greece and Sumer and Egypt and all the world, flying carpets and Fire Bugs. Nothing is what it seems, allegiances shift, and Luka and his companions must ever be on the alert, gathering and losing and regaining lives as they move on from level to level. Luka's love for his father causes him to defy Time, to risk his own life, and to conquer his fears.
Listing worries arising out of the unaccounted monies stashed in foreign banks, the bench had said “the quantum of such monies may be rough indicators of the weakness of the State, in terms of both crime prevention, and also of tax collection”.
Gideon is truly our little miracle. We have spent the last 6 months holding him close and relishing our time with him. He has been in our arms the majority of his life. We are enjoying getting to know our little boy and seeing his personality emerge as he grows. He makes us smile everyday and is such a happy and content little boy.
Parent emphasizes that the vast majority of park visitors have a great time and a smooth visit and are certainly never injured or killed. And yet, there are apparently a lot of ways to die in Big Bend. Some of them include: struck by lightning, being unprepared (like hiking for 15 miles in 100+ degree heat with no liquid except a Pepsi and some vodka), getting shot by unknown robbers, drowning in rapids, rope too short -- die hanging from a cliff, heat exhaustion makes you loopy and you lose the trail and wander into the desert, several flavors of suicide, pay someone to murder you, and freak snowstorm. I must admit I was a little surprised not to have any mountain lion / bear attacks in there, but apparently those are pretty rare.
I don't long to be there or dress like that....I am
Oh be still my heart! I seriously love newborn sessions so much, and it had been months since I'd done one previously. Not to be all melodramatic, but it felt like coming home :)
The moon is said to have an abundance of Helium 3, in fact somewhere around 1,100,000 metric tonnes. In retrospect it will take only an estimated 100 tonnes to power the earth for a year. Helium 3 some call "the fuel of the future". Maybe the moon is a ex-Mining base of aliens?
Finding the Right Watch For a Child
He said this started with several former political allies questioning the paternity of his daugther, to claiming that he had insulting the Malay Rulers and now most recently, allegations that he had sparked the Bersih 3.0 chaos.
Your Bank account number, just kidding.
*Some sort of outdoors cutters or shears (you could always rob your husbands tool box, his wire
If you've already received this, well, you deserve it again!
Breathing in full flower sweetness
That is to say no
We indulged in a fantastic meal. Here is my breakfast:
7. From Kitty Hawk down to Ocracoke City on the Outer Banks. This is my idea of "going down the shore:" 20 people on the spotless beach, a fun little town to visit if I want, and a free ferry for moonlight cruises. Yes, sir.
The Saturday rolled around. We were shuttled to the site--Trish's mother's property--overlooking rolling vineyards and nestled within green foothills. It was a touching and sincerely sweet ceremony. The guests were then escorted to the house by a bagpipe player. We had cocktails on the patio while the bridal party wrapped up photos. The bagpipes then signaled for the party to head down to the tents where there would be dinner and dancing. The evening was filled with laughter, wonderful dinner courses, drinks, incredible music and dancing. The late night revelers then moved back up to the house where In-n-Out burgers were brought in to satiate our dance-crazed bodies. A few guys wandered around with champagne bottles while others gathered around the fire and then others just passed out on the floor. It was one hell of a party!
The goal is, to not get any fingers caught up in the mix.
On Thursday, a friend of mine shared about a very impacting experience. (Everyone who saw the people in the room afterwards wondered what happened. They said we were all in a daze.) I realized that two of the people I loved, when something was happening to them, something crucial, something so terribly important, I didn’t even notice. I think maybe some people who claim to be antisocial are just selfish, so focused on themselves they couldn’t care less about the world around them. Or at least that’s how I was. I perfectly described myself in that poem…
It really weird how we have come to depend on a mobile phone so much, I know I can be without one, can you? Yes I really can, I remember at one stage my ex didn’t want me to on mine , so I did not, it was good, the only thing I missed was my sms’s from my dad n sisters, and my mom’s calls… it brought us alot closer though.:)
Arlington, Massachusetts (population 42,844): A retirement party was thrown Thursday night at Town Hall honoring outgoing Town Manager Brian F. Sullivan, according to the Arlington Patch. Sullivan worked as Arlington’s top administrator for eight years of his 37 year career in municipal government, and is set to retire later this month. Attendees arrived at Town Hall at 5:30 for a cocktail hour, followed by speakers honoring Sullivan. After a light dinner, incoming Town Manager and current Deputy Adam Chapdelaine spoke on Sullivan’s behalf. Chapdelaine will replace Sullivan beginning Feb. 24.
I reach for the door handle, but as I grasp it my ears are split by the explosive waves of sound which pour forth from the clock beside my bed.
I’ve know Fabio for around ten years. I went out for a Sunday session and my friend bought him along to try and set us up. We were in the beer garden of a pub out the back of bumfuck Idaho and in walks this reasonably attractive picture of arrogance. We talked for a while and then he informed me that he was on ecstasy. I was like wtf?!? It was a Sunday afternoon – hardly the time to be partying on. I figured that was that and wrote him off as a deadshit.
This is a different kind of religious experience.
1 can black beanc
A free press is sometimes called the Fourth Pillar of Democracy. That is because a free press reports abuses of power by public officials. It shines a spotlight on government decision makers and those who influence them. It keeps the citizens informed of news critical of the government, gives them the opportunity to exchange information and opinions about public affairs without interference by government officials. It spurs them into pressuring the government to right wrongs.
Mum: (dropping the bag she was unpacking) Oh he hasn't! Wait! Let me get the Camcorder!
And then there’s the other most of the time where I wonder if anything I did made any difference at all. I think it did. I tell myself it did. Who knows.
It's therefore quite interesting to see him purchasing (and annotating) a copy of Hopkins in 1944, at the age of 22. There's a certain schoolboy earnestness in the way he notes down important facts: he's careful to write in the date of Hopkins' death on the halftitle, for instance:
"With all my heart, lad." The older man gripped the young scientist's hand fervently. Then a shadow flitted across his scholarly features. "You're sure everything is all right, Pat?" he asked anxiously. "There's no danger this time of any -- accident?"
Old Testament Reading: Ezekiel 47:1-9,12
Sooooo.......have a wonderful time celebrating with your loved ones & enjoying that amazing food (love that turkey & stuffing) & remember to give thanks to the Lord for His many blessings.
I have no desire to forage for berries, nuts and grubs and it’s been ages since I was invited on a bison hunt, so I’ll pass on the paleo diet thing. As for giving up grains, gluten, dairy, sugar, alcohol and legumes, I might be able to give up a couple of those things. Legumes would be the easiest to do without. And despite my love affair with bread and pizza dough, especially after it is topped with assorted meats, veggies and cheese and baked in my oven, I could probably go without those for a month, too.
Hugs and much love Bonnie
Rather than present all the rational reasons why someone should take an action such as buying your product or telling their friends, engage with them on a personal level. Get people to care:
And take the charge of breath and speech and act
-1/2 cup Salt
On the afternoon of Thursday, May 10, the Cornell community is invited to attend a lecture, “Practical Approaches to Law and Diplomacy – A Brief Tour from Cornell to Thailand to the United Nations,” by Her Royal Highness Princess Bajrakitiyabha Mahidol of Thailand LL.M. ’02, J.S.D.’05. The princess returns to her alma mater accompanied by a delegation from the Thai Bar and the US Royal Thai Embassy, including fellow Cornell Law alum Kittipong Kittayarak, LL.M.’83, Permanent Secretary of Thailand’s Ministry of Justice.
Jimi plays Neil Young’s Bridge School Benefit show in San Francisco and is joined on stage by Neil and Pearl Jam for covers of “All Along the Watchtower” and “Rockin In The Free World.”
9. The Funky Phantom: (First aired 1971, ran until 1972) The 70s were all about getting down at the disco and keeping it fresh, so it only makes sense that the Phantom had to be funky too. Attempting to find shelter from a rain storm, three teens take refuge in an abandoned house. While there, they discover the ghost of an old coward who had hidden in his clock from British soldiers during the Revolutionary War. Not to worry, however, because this ghost was far from frightening and soon became the gang's favorite "Funky Phantom!"
You were loud and exciting and loving. You feel things with such a bigness that it spills over into everything and everyone around you. In a lot of ways, it was exactly what I needed in that moment.
Way to propagate young girls’ (and boys’) dreams and then leave them crushed like a suicidal Harlequin romance heroine’s body on the rocks at the bottom of some cliff by the sea when they realize that they never had a chance.
Hallelujah! Now I feel vindicated and not alone.
Some changes from me:
The story is one that is probably already known by you since, after all, you're reading a site like mine as it is. But regardless: North (Elijah Wood) is a perfect young boy who gets good grades in school, does great in sports, acts and sings well in all school productions - it's the kind of thing where parents the world over use North as the barometer by which their own children should measure their own success as children. Thing is, not all is perfect in North's world since he feels that his parents (Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Jason Alexander) pay more attention to the irritations and demands in their own lives than they do to him.
WITNESS: The autopsy started around 8:30 p.m.
of such remaindered days.
Here are some closeups of one of the butterflies and the flowers:
I said I thought that the State abrogating Constitutional Rights was an unfortunate trend.
"Yes," we answered.
What is that evidence?
The geographical focus of presentations was skewed toward the imperialist heartlands: 11 on Germany, 12 on other countries of western or central Europe, 6 on the United States, 4 on Asia, none on Africa or Latin America. Only Ben Fowkes’s presentation touched on the interrelationship of developments in Soviet Russia with the working-class struggle internationally.
"Oh," the mom said a little defensively. "I've been worried about them."
We may not be able to force corporations to hire more workers, however those of you that are being worked to death are in a unique position to strike back. I encourage anyone who is being overworked to immediately slow down production. If your employer wants to hire an inadequate workforce then you should provide inadequate productivity. It’s time for us the American workers to get serious and start fighting back. Even if you live in a right to work for less state you can still slow down production. Sub standard wages should always be met with sub standard work.
Me: What are you doing?
When I can BE with my child, as she turns into a puddle on the floor, I can
We would like to thank all those who joined in last weeks challenge..As always your entries were just Fabulous!!!
Newman
Be funny? Yes, I should, it would be so good right now. To just tell a few jokes and laugh it up. Shake everything that troubles me. Be a smiling comedian. No one likes the tears of a clown anyway.
In a small bowl mix all the ingredients for the dressing. Taste and adjust as needed. I did not think mine needed the extra water that the original recipe called for, but I might have done less vegetables than she did. Pour over the vegetables and stir everything together. Let sit for a couple of hours in the refridgerator to let the flavors develop. This is really good!
Step Three: Cut a small length of craft thread, wrap it around the ribbon and tie a tight double knot. Remove the pins and slide the ribbon bead off the skewer. Repeat the above steps for the desired number of beads. Note: I made eight beads for my small bracelet.
Sloths live most of their life in the trees — mating, birthing and even dying up there.
Ethel and "Nipper".
I'm glad to have her, though, and eager to get her sewing. Now about the smell... (Haven't we been down this road before?)
The love of Jesus Christ was manifest in His suffering on the cross. Would it not follow that our love should be seen as we present to Him our own bodies living sacrifices? This is to think as He thinks, to live as He lives and to suffer as He suffered.
Victoria talks about how a friend took her to this super-cool store called Goodwill where she bought two cashmere sweaters for $9. LuAnn says"you've never gone to a cash register and just paid $9 for anything, hahahahaha!"
Since very long he has been underground,
The vast majority of my cardmaking is for our church card-ministry and my very favorite time of year is Mother's Day. We have three racks of cards for sale (by donation) and before Mother's Day, we remind everybody that ANY donation is welcome. This means that our sweet young ones can pick out a card for their mothers and drop their pennies into the donation box. It is utterly charming!
*She catches them and finds out they are with the FBI.
This Pattern went together like a dream , from the perfect tiny fingers to the cute little tush . I love the simple body suit Allison put in the pattern and I'm using it on all the dolls in the series,
Inside the damper body sits the damper vane. This is a highly finished and possibly DLC coated component. Even when degreased this part had the feel of a lightly oiled component. The friction reducing coating being there to reduce the friction created by the vane moving inside the housing. Again machined (as most F1 parts are) from solid, the damper vane is formed of two shapes.
30 designers, FIVE shopping sprees each day. No one knows where the prizes will be! Each day of the hop JustRite will have five Mystery Blog Candy Prizes hidden along the hop with a total retail value of $600. JustRite will randomly select five mystery blogs each day of the hop and randomly allocate each of the shopping sprees. For your chance to win, simply leave a little love (a comment) on each designer’s blog including the JustRite blog. The more designers you leave comments with, the better your chances of winning. Each day’s comments will remain open for three days. A winner from each of the mystery blogs’ comments will be randomly chosen using Random.org. Consult the listing of designers at the JustRite blog each day (each day’s designers will be different) and start out on your way! Beginning Friday, March 26, summaries of all the winners will be posted on the JustRite blog. Good luck to everyone and enjoy all the JustRite eye candy along the hop!
And the emptiness you hide.
Well, today was an interesting day. I had the day off work because Mum arrived last night and we’re having a long weekend together!
Whats NOT to love???
Perhaps I should change it to Grumpy Daddy.
The first step is to get a proper set up on the bench:
The world will encourage you to strive for positions of authority and power. God wants you to take the role of a servant. As God's servant you should have no other agenda than to be obedient to whatever He tells you. God does not need you to dream great dreams for your life, your family, your business, or your church. He simply asks for obedience. He has plans that would dwarf your in comparison (Eph. 3:20)
Anyway, this was bizarro SNL: the Short was a (relative) disappointment, and the cold opening and monologue were highlights. De Niro was looser than in his previous stints as host, but he is still one of the stiffest hosts ever.
I watched a live feed of the giant tornado as it obliterated the city of Tuscaloosa knowing that I had good friends in its path. It was an afternoon spend in prayer. Several tornados went just around us here in Montevallo, and Birmingham was hit very hard. I got texts messages from friends who thought they might be experiencing their last few moments on earth. "If I don't make it through this I just want yall to know that I love you..." This is not something that calms your heart when you see the rotation on the weather map just over your friends area of town!
if we cant see the moon
Anyway enought of my rambling onto today's makes. I love making gift tags to go on presents so I thought I would share a couple I made a few weeks ago for presents.
- Healeth Publisher. In connection with an Internet TV company, Healeth promised a reality show competition "that will change the publishing game forever." It's DOA as well.
Then, in 2008, Topps outdid themselves by making a two series insert set for the Rookie All Stars' 50th anniversary with 110 modern and vintage players. The design mirrors the original 1959 cards, has the original trophy, and is five hundred kinds of wonderful. I put this set together myself by pack ripping, trades, shows, and COMC.
The aftermath was a nightmare of insanity for a very, very long time. I've said that I didn't fight back because I was pregnant and didn't want the baby to get hurt, as if I had made a rational, logical decision. The truth is that the thought to fight or scream never entered my head. This was Cujo*, my boyfriend. And when I knew what was happening, I was scared blank. There was no thought there at all.
of presence and pleasure, except to be helped to bed
1. Parking in LA totally freaks me out.
Ribbon from stash
868 D-XI/15/1983. “The Basic Program and the Chicago Community: Another Introduction to George Orwell’s 1984.” Women’s Board Conference, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
By Mike Smith - 21 October 2011
It is interesting to note that both the Ranbaxy and Cipla FDCs to combat malaria, where done in combination with the Department of Science & Technology (DST) and the Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative (DNDi), respectively. The Business Line reports that the DST primarily funded Ranbaxy’s phase III clinical trials for the new drug in South Asia, South-East Asia and Africa. The amount released for the clinical trials, according to the Business Line was Rs. 5 crores (i.e. roughly one million US dollars). Before the DST, Ranbaxy was reportedly working with the Medicine for Malaria Venture (MMV). The partnership with MMV was broken off a few years ago.
Smoked Tomato Bisque
“It is clear that men accept an immediate pain rather than an immediate pleasure, but only because they expect a greater pleasure in the future. Often the pleasure is illusory, but their error in calculation is no refutation of the rule. You are puzzled because you cannot get over the idea that pleasures are only of the sense; but, child, a man who dies for his country dies because he likes it as surely as a man eats pickled cabbage because he likes it.”
Oyster Po Boy for me and chili for my pal.
The rationale for not baking it? For one, it’s relatively easier than baking. And most importantly, I don’t have to use my oven! You see, we’ve been having perennial power outages that last for around four hours per day, because apparently that’s what happens when you’re in a developing country. So, I managed to work my way around this little hitch.
Co-Hosted Daytona 500 party for 50
A large Celtic cross stands on the edge of old quarry near the Glencree Centre for Peace and Reconciliation in County Wicklow, Ireland. The cross itself comes as no surprise, such crosses are found across Ireland. What makes this cross worth a comment is what lies below.
What is a trip to New York without getting some delicious, baked pastries? Well, it's a trip that is missing something! But what is a trip to New York with a visit to Chef Thomas Keller's Bouchon Bakery? Absolutely awesome!
He is given the cover of a chicken importer and Jack’s former secretary Larmina El Akmar Betouche (Bejo) to assist him, as he wades through American and Soviet spies, Nazi splinter cells, the supersexy Egyptian Princess Al Tarouk (Atika) and ghosts from his own past in order to get to the truth. In the meantime, he will demonstrate the French colonialist attitudes of the time, not to mention sexism on an epic scale. The joke is, of course, that those attitudes were standard at the time but looking back now, they are completely cringe-worthy.
Every day she came and watered and hoed,
the dumpster of ice water in which you must go under was tough but it was fun and for the next mile after it, I felt like a million bucks, but it made me want to defecate really bad!! Must have been the fiber lol
Being a child of the seventies, familiar with titles claiming "The Joy of...", I came up with Sister Estee and her blog, Joy of Autism . What the....the JOY of AUTISM??? How about that? Sister Bonnie of Aspergian Pride led me to Brother Kev and the Autism Hub. How in the hell I ever came to be in that place at that time was a fluke of timing and dumb luck. To be thrown into a maelstrom in the midst of Autism Advocacy when it was only 2 days old to me is beyond my reasoning. I'm trying to catch up. I learn something new every day...but the main thing I have learned is that there are labels, and expectations, and people (and me) pointing out my child's sliver in his eye and not seeing the logs in our own. This is heady stuff , in an intoxicating sense. There is no end to it. It continues to grow even as old churches and pastors attempt to join an ecumenical community of faith in reason and understanding, dreaming dreams that have yet to receive fruition: and the young pastors leading their flocks, pushing the boundaries of even that in their visions for the future. (Us old farts don't do visions).
Todd Kerns: Age of Electric
Reminder of the rules:
to make a long story short: everyone had believed that I was in jail.. goes to show everyone thinks i am capable of ending up in a jail.
Looking out of the window at the April showers that have been honouring us with their presence for the last couple of weeks, we decided the dogs deserved a change of scenery for their walk.
1) 5X3 Snatch @ 75% – rest 45 sec.
book editor hates Christmas and is grumpy and yada yada the same old; but, as I watch it, I tear up a bit, as if I am seeing parts of myself in this woman. Thing is, at the end of the movie, I know she’ll have found what she is missing—will I find it along with her? Gee, I hope so.
“For God's sake, man, I was joking!” I bellowed. “You can’t be jealous of a gorilla!”
Paratroopers from A/1 Fury hosted this past Friday the largest shura ever recorded
Coming up next... why education reform fails.
Once again Jeff’s stuff was junk in the back of our truck. We billed him for the service, told him to keep his head up and hit the road.
However, Rosemary Ariss, 63, who runs Cafe @ the Square, said the youngsters were easy to deal with. She said: “I think it’s the way you react to them, especially with the older ones. “You treat them like adults and they are fine. “A lot of it is a respect thing. Respect goes both ways.” It also has to be earned…
Well, as the saying goes, better late than NEVER! Ugh. I won't even go into the problems I am having with Blogger. I really feel terrible about letting the team down. Soooo sorry ladies! But it is still Wednesday here in Oregon. So I kinda made the deadline... Sorta.
You may have touched on this in last week's post, but this is your chance to go deeper - explore what you are getting rid of, why it needs to be tossed out, and perhaps even what you are making room for....
Beat first 3 ingredients with a mixer at medium speed until light and fluffy. Add honey, extract, and egg; beat until well-blended. Lightly spoon flour into dry measuring cups; level with a knife. Combine flour, baking powder, and salt, stirring well with a whisk. Add flour mixture to sugar mixture alternately with yogurt, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Drop by level tablespoons 2 inches apart onto baking sheets coated with cooking spray. Bake at 350° for 12 minutes or until lightly browned.
1-2 tbsp butter or bacon grease (if needed)
I hope you enjoyed my card....please stop by the other Calendar Girls blogs...I am quite sure you won't be disappointed....
...... QUESTION TIME .....
But she stares at other guys
Written in 1948, 1984 was George Orwell’s chilling prophecy about the future. And while 1984 has come and gone, Orwell’s narrative is timelier than ever. 1984 presents a startling and haunting vision of the world, so powerful that it is completely convincing from start to finish. No one can deny the power of this novel, its hold on the imaginations of multiple generations of readers, or the resiliency of its admonitions a legacy that seems only to grow with the passage of time.
Coincidentally, in time for Mother's Day. :)
I'm convinced you can find Piazza cards in any discount box anywhere. These aren't even all of them. I even spotted one of him in a Marlins jersey, but put it back.
For more information or to register an organization please call 330.746.1064 ext. 132. The bikes will be delivered to the organizations the week of Nov. 14.
Something you should know about Cooper. He gets really jealous. If I'm loving on Grace, he's right there. If I try to kiss Jake, he's right there wanting a kiss. It's cute, but annoying at the same time. He hates getting his picture taken, but since I was taking Grace's picture, he wanted his taken. Brat.
4. Taco Bell? No thanks, I'm not hungry.
Serves: The bhaji serves 6 people
Yesterday I worked like crazy so I could spend some time today with my Nanna. Im so happy they are coming up to the hillcountry to see me. Too bad the new store is closed on Mondays, I wont be able to show them... but we WILL still have a wonderful time.
The legislation is supported by the Conservative majority and will likely become law.
We caught a number of species that I had not ringed before and Nicole also ringed a few new species. The new ones for me were Rufous-tailed Scrub Robin, Common Redstart, Thrush Nightingale, Whinchat, Great Reed Warbler and Crested Lark. Nicoles new species were Great Reed Warbler, Upher’s Warbler and Red-backed Shrike. It was a really good afternoon’s ringing and there were plenty of birds to extract from the nets, with me getting almost all the shrikes to extract one of which was particularly aggressive, but no blood was drawn. …
All too soon it was over and I went outside, put on my tour jacket and slowly cooled down as we chatted to friends. It was a great evening. Both bands sounded great and the hundred or so people who packed into this tiny club had an evening to remember.
Listening one night to the static crackle distorting Moscow Radio, from the Soviet Union, he first heard the strange sound of throat-singers from the Soviet Republic of Tuva. He was hooked, had to know more...
But for nought. What possibly could substantiate this epochal hopping into print?
Voice of America (blog)
I cannot relate to turtles at all. Really, to take an afternoon siesta, just doesn’t happen for me. I have to consciously make an effort to relax. I always have a list of things to get done. Even when I go to bed, I am running through the list of things I accomplished and moving what I didn’t onto the next day’s list while trying to figure out the best way to fit everything in. And I never get it all done no matter how hard I try. Life seems to always get in the way of my over planned day. I am very much a Martha and have been for as long as I can remember.
And in her pink flip flops.
8. I went for a run on the lake - I had a cramp the entire time. Not so enjoyable.
Golden City Brewery Oatmeal Stout
“Look at Europe. Europe is on the way to losing. The most popular male name in Belgium — Mohammad. It’s the fifth most popular name in France among boys. They are losing because they are not having children, they have no faith, they have nothing to counteract it. They are balkanizing Islam, but that’s exactly what they want. And they’re creating an opportunity for the creation of Eurabia, or Euristan in the future…Europe will not be in this battle with us. Because there will be no Europe left to fight.”
2 lose
Forbes also revealed Manchester United are worth more than both Major League Baseball’s New York Yankees and the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League, while the club’s run to last year’s Champions League final, where they lost to Barcelona, commanded a £50m payout from UEFA.
"Well, she insisted on sitting in the back of the bus! Only 5th graders are supposed to be sitting in the back of the bus.I've waited my WHOLE life to get to sit on the back of the bus! And now this year I'm in 5th grade and Katie is not and she sat in the back of the bus and when all of us 5th graders told her to move she wouldn't and she was yelling and told us that she could sit anywhere she wanted to!", Natalie wailed.
In the meantime, you might want to check out this article on the National Literacy Trust’s site Words for Life. The article is all about ways in which you can enjoy sharing stories as a family and not all of them mean burying your noses in books either. Hands up, it was written by me, Sam, as I am involved as a volunteer for the Trust but I hope this further goes to show our commitment to reading. It’s really one of our favourite things!
(Did you write a post for Short Story Monday? If so, feel free to leave a link in the comments below.)
I have really been struggling to get my “activity” in. When I am overwhelmed I tend to let my own personal needs go. This is the WORST thing to do.
Here is where The Sting and The Real Hustle come in to play. The best scams or ruses (and for the avoidance of doubt I am not suggesting any illegality on the part of Mr Miller or D&P, or indeed anyone else) come when what is being done is in plain sight.
This may seem like bad news but I think it is pretty good as they seem to be quite keen on helping sort these issues. Will keep you informed!
Second, change – whether it “real change,” “bold change” or the “change we can believe in” variety others are selling – isn’t itself an innovative policy or a particularly strong leadership stance. In fact, from Burke to Buckley, there has been an acknowledgement that change in the political arena is inevitable and necessary, and we in the U.S. tend to experience it in regular, 2, 4 and 6 year intervals, so 2008 is hardly our first rodeo. The challenge for conservatives is calibrating whether the change being proposed is consistent with our principles and our philosophy, and whether that change is appropriate.
The Writing World is also looking into a special newsletter to send to those who appear on the site and to those who would like to help out. More information on this as well.
Event: 3v3 Youth Basketball League for youth in grades 6-12
Free State Brewing Co. Oatmeal Stout
Next week is going to be hell with an 8 page paper due, a Spanish test, a Spanish oral presentation, a photography assignment, and a video all due. FML. I hope I’m still alive at this point next week, guess we’ll find out.
FG=1.013@72F
1. 100 Great Lives
When a dying man's dancing eyes could fill my heart with a strange kind of hope........
I've just watched a presentation by Jeremy Rifkin — a very clever and articulate man — which is below. It's long but engrossing — go on, watch it, I'll wait!
This Sunday marks the 10th anniversary of that fateful day. It will be commemorated by the families of victims at ceremonies held at the various crash sites. Now, the families and friends only have memories of those who were lost. Babies are now turning 10, children are teenagers and young adults. Mothers, fathers, brothers and sisters, husbands and wives only have memories. Perhaps the lyrics of Pink Floyd captures their thoughts:
Now here's one of my favourite pics of my grandson Avery when he was two years old, at White Point Beach in Nova Scotia. He and two of his brothers, Connor and Morgan, are coming to Nova Scotia next month to spend the whole summer with me! We'll have LOTS of days at the beach together!
“Do you know any jokes?”
2. Continue working with decorating cookies, cakes, etc
Using a bowl, combine the two cheeses, along with the sifted confectioners’ sugar, lemon juice and zest. Use an eggbeater or a spoon to mix all the ingredients together. Add eggs one at a time and stir so you have a smooth mixture.
i'm entering this into this months Tea Time Treats, hosted alternatively by Kate from What Kate Bakes and Karen from Lavender and Lovage. The theme for this month is Easter and I thought that rather go with the traditional I would make it my traditional Passover celebration which falls at the same time of year.
My evening television fare at Jason’s house had been broadened from the usual diet of reality shows and movies with WWII sized body counts, to include something called Louis to which I am becoming addicted. Louis is a stand up comic who headlines at a basement comedy club in NY’s Greenwich Village. His claim to fame is that his brand of stand-up is even less funny than Jerry Seinfeld’s. It fact it is relentlessly unfunny. He produces short videos of his adventures for cable TV (sort of more interesting, amusing and visual version of “This and that…”) which are also unfunny but almost rise to poignant. It is sort of what we used to call humor (like the humor that used to appear in New Yorker magazine which was unfunny too).
My Grandpa John, on my mother's side, was an officer and awarded the Military Cross on the battlefield. He returned home a reluctant hero who went on to have a successful career in finance. He never talked about why or how he was awarded his medal. He left that for us to find out after his death.
Now, we ‘like’ coffee but do not ‘love’ it. An occasional frappe or something is fine, and when I use coffee to give depth to my chocolate cakes is admissible, but that is it. (We don’t take tea or coffee frequently. We are flavoured-milk children.) ;p
Has anyone out there been to Kurobe or tried this beer?
Question: Where does faith rank in my priorities?
6. Start a couple of businesses and invest in a couple of businesses
The rush to have newspaper reporters write blogs has not been followed by a rush of copy editors to polish those blogs. It shows. Glitches of all types abound, with posts showing little or no evidence of editing.
The date at which I am currently writing this blog in Australia is 14th April 2012. One hundred years to the date that Titanic last saw sunlight before hitting the iceberg.
So yes its been quiet but that'll be because of a lack of keyboard. We could still visit sites we just couldn't type anything which is very annoying when you want to sign into anything like e-mail.
As a person who really didn’t get into hockey until recently, this year’s playoffs have breathed new life into the world of NHL hockey. There is so much excitement that its contagious.
In Softer Side is Cocos Locos. That is the one and only piece of fiction I wrote for a call, ages ago. But I pulled it, because no one got back to me? I did.
Ok, so what? Just a bunch of people. And everything was fine, until I saw this in Numbers 3:
Roky Erikson. Daniel Johnston. The Meat Puppets. The Butthole Surfers (kinda). Dangerous Toys. Christopher Cross. Austin, Texas has produced its share of famous musicians, but by far the most well-known and prolific are the three-piece black metal band known collectively as AVERSE SEFIRA. The group explains itself thusly:
Our Easter was low-key. We had just returned from visiting Jason’s family in Philly, and Lil and I were getting over colds and pinkeye, so we decided to lay low for the weekend. We went to church, where Lil waved at other members of the congregation. (the week before, she waited until we were up front for communion and then leaned over me to wave at everyone. crack me up!) And then we hung out at home for the rest of the afternoon, enjoying the sunshine and relatively warm temperatures. Jason made a beer can chicken on the grill.
Irena smuggled Jewish infants out in the bottom of the tool box she carried. She also carried a burlap sack in the back of her truck, for larger kids.
All that disempowered you before is now leaving your auric field and is being replaced by more Light which in turn brings up more layers that have been deeply hidden within you.
We are not tolerant at all. This is a nation of despots and haters. And the good people, the ones who haven't already left, they have had their lives eviscerated and trampled upon by the State and those who seek to profit from it.
With thirty years as a professional magician (performing for restaurants, bookstores, schools, conventions, conferences, banquets, parties, trade shows and libraries), Mister X knows how to create memorable magical interludes for any age.
If I was the Royal Mail I would be rubbing my hands together as this will boost the letter sending option and revive the Royal Mail as the only secret communication will be on paper sealed in an envelope and sent via carrier. THE ROYAL MAIL.
When you’re already filthy, why not sleep in your water dish? Just an idea.
They won't prosecute Muslim antisemites but they will prosecute those who criticize Muslim antisemites. The Netherlands is sick to the core.
11 - She's The One
She told me that it is easier to do one hand at a time. Soak 5 cotton balls in pure acetone. Place a cotton ball on each nail, then wrap it with tin foil to hold the cotton ball in place. Let it sit for 10 minutes. Remove the tin foil and cotton balls, using the cuticle pusher, gently push the polish off.
Later that evening, she fell asleep in my lap. The weight of her slumbering body burdened and filled me at the same time. I could have liberated myself of the heaviness by bringing her to her bed, but I held her close just a little while longer. You see…I wasn’t ready for freedom.
Dorothee Berryman (The Decline of the American Empire)
I, of course, had to get some Wryns. I mean, can ya blame me? Not only is she super cute and sweet, but she's got my nickname!!! And I also love how hers is spelled!
Monday August 8th
Many gay rights campaigners also seem to always assume that every homosexual who has committed suicide resorted to this action specifically (and only) because of 'gay bullying' - i.e. being called various unpleasant (what one may rightly term 'homophobic') names at school, or whatever. But one cannot really know what was in the mind of someone just before he or she made the decision to kill themselves - especially well before any judicial inquest has been held. Maybe the person had committed some kind of sin that had left them with despairing guilt, maybe they had been abused as young child, maybe they had had a row with a friend or loved one, maybe they were in debt, or were the victim of blackmail, or whatever? Unless the person committing suicide had left a note explaining why they did what they did, then we cannot really assume why they chose such drastic and tragic action.
Ugh. This kind of bullshit just really pisses me off.
The water is cold when I dive for your gold
I thought I would post again today while the adventure was still fresh. Crystal Stephanie and I went to Banpo Bridge because there is a light and water show there. Apparently the water founders are among those that shoot the farthest in the worlds, and they’re all timed to music. Apparently. Personally, I couldn’t tell what they were basing that off of. Anyway, we took forever to get there partially because we got a little lost and partially because we underestimated how long it would take to get to the station, so we missed the 8 o’clock show. But there was a 9 o’clock, so we didn’t have to wait forever. It was a little cold, but we had fun taking ridiculous pictures of each other and the cool buildings that were also lit up. On our way back, the others bitched a lot about being hungry, but I finally dragged them back to Sinchon, where we ate Taco Bell for dinner. Then we got some Baskin Robbins because Steph had a bad day and we all felt like she deserved it. It was okay. I actually managed to spend under my budget, which hasn’t happened when we go out for quite a while, so kudos for me.
Happy Autumn!
Mark Farner was a rock and roll legend having been the singer-guitarist for the mega-group Grand Funk Railroad. This group had sold millions of albums and had performed in huge concert venues. Even in his career as a solo Christian artist he could be considered a star. I had been a big fan back in the early 70s and was now somewhat awestruck that he was going to be headlining a concert that I was producing and I would be meeting him in person.
"Well, they were the only ones at the store that I could have got! The other ones were rocket shaped, which I would have preferred, but the cups were too small!" my voice squeaked out like an 8 year old trying to get out of climbing that horrible rope in gym class.
We have homework every month. Basically just playing with fabric, glue and paper.
I've had many sponsorships, and I truly thank them for their support. If I've ever made any of them feel unappreciated, I should be given a swift kick. On the other hand, when organizations and people make me feel unappreciated, they are added to my blacklist of organizations to never support. I hope that my transparent and unfiltered views helps others when navigating sponsorships. As someone on both sides of the table, I'm pretty sensitive to the needs of both sides. I did not sugar coat this blog post. You might be offended, and that's okay. You might realize that your behavior isn't very nice.
So if instead you might just get yourself a view that have all five of these attributes in a single, you should develop the supreme criminal view. Certainly, you can always use either and easily swap for the attributes as you need them.
HAIL: 2,054
The body fought back against what the head and the mouth were putting in, just like mine did. The district and the superintendent received so many complaints that the HR department started an internal resolution office to investigate them. The superintendent received death threats.
making things was always something that i was excited about. seeing something come from nothing is one of my greatest joys. whether it was sewing a fleecy dog bed with my grandma or creating some other craft, the sense of accomplishment at the end was such a wonderful feeling.
Deborah Halverson is the award-winning author of the teen novels Honk If You Hate Me (2007) and Big Mouth (2008)(both Delacorte/Random House). She edited picture books and teen novels for Harcourt Books for ten years before leaving to write books full-time.
Moonsorrow who describe their sound as ‘Epic Heathen Metal’ are extremely excited to be a part of this years line up. With the band residing in Helsinki Finland, their lyrics draw inspirations from Finnish mythology, legends and poetry. Drummer Marko Tarvonen expresses his delight for being added to this years line up;
Zach is a perfect example of someone who uses strength training to elevate more than just his physical appearance and overall fitness. Zach trains HARD to improve his game and in response, his body composition and health are top-notch because of it. This is why we encourage you all to compete every once in awhile. Having something to train for will only increase your motivation, commitment, and determination. You will locate a “broader picture” and navigate your way to success much more efficiently with a focus, knowing that each relatively insignificant “wrong-turn” will not deflate your tires, halting your progress.
After my husband landing three or four strikes with the board, my teenage son walked out the back door. He saw the rooster leap at his dad, realized the wood did not deter Chanticleer, and grabbed the broom resting next to the door.
is the saying,
Ultimately…not.
and then to me I thought I would keep in theme.
If God considers your life valuable, how much value do you place upon it? The value of your life depends upon how much glory you give to Him. If you place your value on the world, the flesh or the devil, you will suffer the consequences before Him at the judgment. On the other hand if your testimony is “for me to live is Christ” you will reap the gain that goes along with it.
Okay, with all of that as a rambling preamble (or an ambling preramble—take your pick), here are five points to ponder as we try to imagine a Crump-Gracey version of the Haunted Mansion.
Love the use of onomatopoeia, and I wish they made dumplings with just scallions and cabbage. But there are plenty of places on 8th where you can buy dumplings (veggie or otherwise) for 4 for a dollar or so. Several places that look like they don't sell anything (just a white booth with a see-through window) actually sell delicious stuff to take home a cook. It's inexpensive and usually quite good. Enjoy.
When I got home from Africa we were so busy that my job search was scaled back quite a bit. The fact is there just aren't many jobs here in Colorado Springs right now and between my mother-in-law moving in, Double Shot's sports schedule, the Holidays and Chai Tea's wedding... I thought it would be better to wait until after Christmas anyway.
4. PAUL, with his favourite camera.
85. It takes only 8 minutes for sunlight to travel from the sun to the earth, which also means, if you see the sun go out, it actually went out 8 minutes ago.
Sunday is Mother's Day and like so many who do not have their mother with them here on this earth, I was feeling nostalgic when I was looking for a poem to share for the occasion. I opened up one of Helen Steiner Rice's books on poetry and the first page I opened up to was a poem entitled God's Jewels. Before I read the poem, I thought to myself. That describes my mother. She certainly was and is one of God's Jewels. So I'm dedicating this to my precious mother who left this earth in 1999.
Zombies
It isn't just Phelps and his Westboro Baptist Church, with number of members competing with total brain cells for a lowest number contest, a lot of churches in America are decidedly 'anti-gay'.
I have a weakness for anything bread related. My sister recommended this recipe to me from allrecipes.com, and it is fantastic… so when I made homemade chili this week, of course we had to have cornbread!
Ele - silence
Zipper Pouches:4
This is where I need to solicit your thoughts. I know the blogrolls are very important to many readers. Today, the items in the right column are organized like this:
This is an very nice store.
I think it turned out great! And even better, my friend Kay loved it!
Can you believe that it's already Monday?!? Where oh where does the weekend go so fast! Oh well, I'm looking forward to next weekend because it is a 3-day weekend. You just gotta LOVE those!
Up next in the queue is the second season finale of The West Wing, entitled “Two Cathedrals.” I’m a huge fan of this series, having gotten hooked in reruns during season four, and this episode is one of my absolute favorites.
Happy 1st Father's Day Paul and welcome to our third niece ~ baby Grace (aka "Little Pea").
Meg – I’m sure you’ll never read this, but just in case you do, please don’t be scared. I promise I’m not some weird stalker person. I just really appreciate what you do and felt I needed to write this post so I went with it!
Okay these are the cartoons that are out NOW on television for kids to watch.. I am thinking why in the world would something like this be made into a cartoon? It is imperative to be aware of what your kids watch and especially where they even go!
3. Crisis – that can take only a few weeks
Now on to my favorite part of the story, the romance. I have a thing, that in order for me to really love a book that two of the characters better be falling in love. With that said, I HATE love trianges. I feel that they are overdone. I like a little drama in the romance just like the next person, but let's find a new source. And that is what made me really love this book. There wasn't really that love triangle. Or at least not in the traditional since of the word. On a different note, I really loved how the romance was developed in this book. I liked the idea the author portrayed in this book: that two people can fall in love without actually talking to one another. It was a new twist to romance, and I liked it.
“That’s what war does,” said his boss, “It allows otherwise well-bred girls to run riot. Whatever you do Bernard, don’t go near her”.
The climb from Port Hercule up to Le Rocher is worth every huff and puff!
After the craft show, I opened an etsy shop.
I heard the "rumors" about genetically altered foods; knew the benefits of exercising and eating healthy, since I was a child. I know that cigarettes cause cancer, as well as Aspartame and other chemicals in our foods. I remember reading about the first case of BSE when I was a kid (1980s) and especially the Mad Cow Disease epidemic in 1993 because that was when my son was born. It wasn't long after that my mother bought 1/2 a cow from an organic farm near our city and gave me plenty to last. My guilt is in knowing all of the basic health information and ignoring it, as well as not researching and learning more about the "rumors" ... especially since I was a biology student for so many years. I have no excuse for not feeding my children natural / organic foods except for the fact that it was easier, cheaper and, sometimes, more fun to be irresponsible about our health. I also have no excuse for all of the years of smoking, drinking and, various forms of, gluttony after having children. I was just sick with regret for all of the years that I let my children eat processed foods and fast foods, and then anger for feeding them pesticide foods that I thought were good for us once I decided to drop the other bad foods and make more healthy choices.
In a telling paraphrase of Bill Clinton’s campaign team slogan, he added: “It’s not just the economy, stupid. The task is to combine the preparation of a nation for economic change with the re -establishment of social order” – an immense task where the moral challenge would be as great as the economic one.
Quiet attempts to console her failed
The next shop I went to is called The Little Dollhouse Company and it is located right in the heart of Toronto. This time my Mom and I went and I was the lucky one who got to drive - Mom "doesn't do Toronto"! We found the shop in good time and instantly I was blown away, and I do mean right away, I hadn't even made it into the shop yet! The store was huge and stacked to the roof with products. They not only have every style of anything you want, but they also will build you the dollhouse shell if you are unable to! The store is family owned and the husband and wife really are a great team. I got excellent pointers on building a structure as well as some more great ideas for putting it all together.
Venus Express of the European Space Agency canted the square to venerate that vessel of knowledge, Pythagoras. I’m truly curious to see what anomalies Venus unveils to this mission. Of course, NASA has countered with the Orion mission.
While nearly everyone at the meeting, board members and commenters alike, agreed that the city's parking requirements don't fit in a zone near transit, some thought that, given the increased--and increasing--competition for spaces in the neighborhood, some spaces should remain in the building's basement, though not on the street level.
Stab you until your heart bleeds
and answering e-mails
Few were surprised then when Kerry named Edwards his vice presidential running mate or, in the wake of that defeat, when Edwards quickly made clear he was planning a second run for president in 2008.
Squeeze a TON of glue to the bottom of your "button" and glue it to the center of your flower! :-)
“I’m gonna go a little quicker okay?”
Hey Katie. Thanks for taking the time out to talk to me about your role in ‘The Artist’!
"Why must you always go to so much effort?"
1/3 C milk
I’m happier with the one below; it took ages but I felt that I was starting to get somewhere with it, beginning to understand the tonal values. Normally I concentrate on line and studying and replicating complex tones in such a detailed way was very difficult for me. It made me realise that I need to do far more work on this.
But, as Bush's inaction during the Russia-Georgia war revealed, America is not going to fight Russia over who controls Abkhazia, North or South Ossetia, Dagestan, Ingushetia, Chechnya or Georgia. All are beyond any vital interest or legitimate sphere of influence of the United States.
We will never make a sustained challenge for the title whilst Wenger refuses to acknowledge a Plan B.
The Bushwick Observer, a newspaper founded in 1995 and published by the Ridgewood Bushwick Senior Citizens Council, receives about $70,000 a year in state funding for its budget — not including revenue received from ad sales.
Here’s the Scripture she used:
Name 3 things you could not live without right now? I couldn’t live without my gorgeous boyfriend, my lovely cat Rubi (she’s like a soft hot water bottle!) and my computer, it has EVERYTHING on it!
Contrary to what the photos on these two layouts show I really am a caring, sympathetic mother. However, when the camera is ready to snap a photo I snap the photo. The good, the bad, the crying.
Now I am getting older, the health benefits of not smoking are much more appealing, also over the last couple of years money has been very tight. Somehow (I’m not quite sure how) I always managed to find money for cigarettes. This wasn’t from disposable income, this was from money that really should of been spent on other things, so to not have to find that will be a real bonus! (I would also like to take this opportunity to thank my beautiful partner and best friend for putting up with me spending all that money over the past few years without nagging me to give up, she is a wonderful person with a saint’s patience!)
And yes, I do have a couple of bee stories swirling about here somewhere. Now that it's bee season I might just have to pick them up again.
Okay, here's the last thing. I think it's time to get a second opinion about Ricky's dizzy spells. It has gotten to the point that he has been knocked out sleeping most of the day 3-4 days per week. He can't stand in lines for long. He has decided to quit soccer because he can't make it through a single game without feeling like he's going to fall over.
He reminds me that hope remains, along with love. My love for Him. His love for me. Through it all and forever.
Kevin Barry’s story about a group of middle-aged men and their passion for authentic beer has been awarded the Sunday Times EFG Private Bank Short Story Award for 2012.
I fussy cut the roses off some of the papers. What looks like tags with the journaling on is what was left of one of the half sized papers after I cut away the roses from the other side.
Author: Erin Morgenstern
So I began saving up mid last year for the cookbooks on my wishlist, setting aside a little bit of money from my school allowances and salary in a tiny white envelope which I labeled, creatively, my “Cookbook Fund”. And then when I got into browsing Amazon for cookbook recommendations, another envelope was born, this time labeled “Amazon Fund”. I picked about a dozen books which I decided Amazon offered the best value for, and about 4 months later, I was able to gather enough money to buy my top 11 cookbooks plus an ice cream maker.
I need more colour in my home. Something I am working on.
Then afterwards the whole family can watch Die Hard.....or not..
To really see the disastrous effects of the DOJ’s action, we should probably listen to authors.
Here are some cards I created for my sons’ Sunday School teachers. I am not much of a card maker but I thought with SVG Cuts as a starting point I can’t go wrong!
Have a great idea that I didn't include?
Chase (one of our dogs) is terrified of thunder and sticks to me like Velcro whenever there is a storm.
Do You Love Me
I love reading history, probably because it’s basically revised, cleaned-up, multiply-sourced journalism — often called the first draft of history.
Release Date : 4 July 2009
These days the majority of the Jews don’t have personal rabbi who helps them to figure out what they are supposed to do to consider themselves Jewish. Of course they know they were born to Jewish families. Is it enough to be Jewish? Certainty not – we are aware of many people born to Jewish families but who conduct themselves as almost anti-Jewish or even as anti-Semites. We remember the history – the people of the ten tribes (out of the original twelve) who were born to Jewish families later disappeared from the Jewish history. We know for the long-long historic time Jewish population remains stable at the level of about 15-20 million – this stability tells us that many who are born to Jewish families stop identifying themselves as Jewish. All that indicates there should be something else in addition to being born to Jewish families for Jewish identification.
Our very talented and fun filled
Nazr Mohammed – (Nike ) Air Max Destiny – size 17
I have many hobbies and interests. I am involved in paranormal investigations – I have been studying the paranormal and metaphysics for more than 40 years. In the early 80′s, my stepmother and I took a class together about the paranormal – many of the ghost-hunting techniques featured on today’s reality tv shows (Ghost Hunters, Ghost Adventures, Paranormal State), I learned a long time ago.
I don't know about you, but I love looking at other people's homes. I had so much fun the past couple of days peeking at other people's lives through their beautiful (and not so beautiful, actually, lol) homes. That's why we go to home shows, right? I know not everyone I've seen walking through home after home are looking to buy. Okay, so maybe I'm a stalker, I'll admit I enjoy seeing how other people live. Hopefully some of you are the same way. Today I thought I'd give you a glimpse into my home and show you our family room. Oh, and I'm keeping it real here, crooked pictures (I can't believe I didn't notice that before), messy desk, and everything. :) And it's kind of hard to take pictures of this room. While it's nice and bright with windows on 3 of 4 walls, every direction is shooting towards a window, so bare with me.
One, she had a temper and two, she was a thrower.
Her act is ultimately a commodity; reality shows, in particular, feed on the uncensored, personal moments of real women for ratings. The quest for ratings in Mathira's case is, insidiously, that she is open and sexual in a society that is obsessed that women not be publicly demonstrative. Moreover, in those awkward moments of dealing with indecent callers, viewers are privy to that intensely naked moment of mutual (and multiple) realization that something very bad has been said - something that represents society's dilemma about sexuality and violence, and that she must now respond. She can do so in three ways: with shame affirming that she is vulnerable, with old fashioned feminist rage, or with a controlled sense of indignation and humor. She (consciously?) chooses the third. Thus the immense amount of guilty pleasure in watching her is liberating, masturbatory, and for some perplexing and infuriating. Either ways - she riles up peoples' emotions and emotions make money.
Monday 15th - Scavenger Hunt near Newton Abbot.
The new store, which is as yet unnamed, will have four floors of designer brands and exclusive clothing for men and women. There will also be space for concessions, a cafe and the possibility of a restaurant.
It is not the person I imagine myself to be.
Seems like the playing field - where we’ve witnessed exciting matches between the farmed and wild teams -just got a little more level.
Jonan sits on an Emergency Room Bed, shirt off, his Right Shoulder Bandaged from the Bullet Wound he received some three hours earlier.
On our stained glass masquerade
News Flash! Legal challenge by Pat Finucane’s family to begin Revenue to swoop on GAA Clare council to send birthday greetings to Ali PSNI officer killed by ‘rapidly fatal’ wound Carroll gunman ‘fired AK47 from 50 metres’ Troubles have not gone away for trust’s residents Hearing into Real IRA suspect’s death opens Security forces warned over internet dangers Two dissidents arrested with revolver Catholics urged to help Protestant neighbours Teebane widow tells of heartache Martin McGuinness ‘disturbed’ by Boston College project ‘My husband will die in there’ Legion ‘snub’ for Sinn Fein Mayor Kevin Myers: ‘It’s easy to forget the brave cavalrymen’ Gardai swoop on CIRA pair and seize loaded gun Four arrested over north Belfast dissident bomb New PSNI powers used 4,000 times for minor offences Ombudsman probes new queries over UDA murder Prisoners staring into the abyss
Overview of Chapters. Give a page or so overview per chapter.
Self scoffs at this so-called high-energy period when Russ has been “remarkably prolific over the last decade”, turning out almost a book a year. Russ: “Well yes, I do what I can.” Self: “You continue to move into different areas – some of the work has been very erotic, for instance.” “Yes,” says Russ matter-of-factly, “well, I mean, life is, isn’t it?” Self agrees and Russ describes his next “big one”, Soonchild: “It’s about an eskimo shaman, whose daughter doesn’t want to be born because she refuses to come out into the world until he brings her the world-songs, so he brews up a big dream brew and goes on a dream trip through many changes. I have to hang on in there until 2012 as it won’t be published until then.” Self: “Well, I hope you’ll hang in there a little bit longer than that, if it’s all the same with you.”
Writing letters to the press, manning stands at county fairs, hosting fund-raising dinners, attending rallies, setting up conferences, writing your Congressman -- that is what you know, and what you are comfortable with. Those are the political methods you've created for yourselves to keep your country on track and to ensure political accountability.
for hours on end,
She seemed to calm down a little, but was still somewhat struggling for air. We are very close to the hospital, and I just felt that she needed to go. She was not making sense and was not recovering as well as we thought she should. We wrestled with 911 and driving. My husband put her in the car, and said go. In hindsight, I would have made a different decision.
I do have my theories on the genesis of Beck’s Memory, but they’re spoilery, and, uguu, effort of warning of spoilers. So I’ll keep them to myself for the time being.
This is an old kit that I threw most of away! What was kept was refurbished! And, if you are looking for green, this will take care of that, for sure! Click on the preview to see it in the store.
Batman Forever (Rick Baker, Ve Neill)
I accept the point that for academic purposes we must teach some partially standardised version (perhaps Mid-Atlantic English?) but to say out right one version of a language is better than another is something ridiculous.
"It's scandalous behaviour," NDP leader Thomas Mulcair said Wednesday. "To start saying that you're going to deprive them of something as fundamental as health care is an indication that there is something very wrong with the values of the Conservatives."
1. I’m still chasing those 5 pounds to lose! Ha, one day…one. freakin’. day. I will be able to say I did it so. This goal is sticking!
1/2 cup butter (in room temperature)
But they're not in CUL either. Back to Google:
Last night I was on the phone with her and finally got up the courage (Thank you, Los Vascos Cabernet) to bring it up. I told her that it really hurt to be told how I could and couldn't pray. I said that as far as I was concerned all deities are just different representations of the same force: Spirit, and that if I happen to pray to Spirit or the Universe it is the same as praying to Jesus. No Go. I am apparently being led astray by Satan's forces and if I pray that way, I will bring more harm than good. Really???
Once your photos are cut down to size, glue them to the tiles. I recommend a simple glue stick. Super cheap from just about any store, and you can avoid the mess of squishing too much out of the sides. Be sure to smooth the picture out nicely so you don’t end up with any weird ripples on your coaster.
1/4 cup golden raisins
Wynkoop Brewing Company Poor Richard
Michaela’s 2nd birthday – Curious George. She loves “Georgie”
I thought I would share with you some of the items that I found.
I am the good shepherd, and I know mine and mine know me, just as the Father knows me and I know the Father; and I will lay down my life for the sheep.
Such a man. His face held the expression of one who had endured a torturous vigil, rather like the one from which Peredur could not free himself. But the face also held a beauty that hurt to see. Peredur wanted to turn his face away, but the gaze of those tormented eyes held him and despite the pain, he forced a step or two forward.
10-03 Barcelona, Spain - St. Jordi
Alexander Hamilton was shot by Aaron Burr 207 years ago today in their infamous morning duel in Weehawken, New Jersey. Hamilton would die of his injuries the next afternoon, July 12, 1804.
Welllllllllll.....
They were hugely excited when I told them I would turn the work they did into a movie. Later in the afternoon we again used my iPhone to take photos of their pictures and import them into iMovie.
Everybody wingin'
You have given so much, O Goddess of Spring. So it is with great humility that I bow down to you, however unworthy, to ask of you one final gift.
I have also been trying to collect autographs from every MLB teams coaches/front office/broadcasters. I sent out the rest of my mail today, before the end of the season. Hopefully, I will have some success. Anyway, Scott is currently in the Oakland A's front office.
Now, there is a lot of talk about how you shouldn’t ride a mountain bike on the road and you shouldn’t ride a road bike on the trails and you shouldn’t ride a Brompton at all; whilst I agree that Bromptons (in fact all folding bikes) should be banned for all eternity, I must say I conform more to the idea that you can ride whatever you like, wherever you like.
I am spending tonight in Jerusalem, and tomorrow I am off to ar-Ramla to meet a fellow Isdoudi who is going to take me to the namesake of this site. It doesn’t even seem real yet. I keep waiting for something to go wrong, something to get cancelled. I had hoped I would make this first trip with my father, but circumstances haven’t allowed. So, I am off on this particular adventure on my own. It might be better this way. It will mean something different to me to go without him; it will be about my return, as much as it would have been about his.
5. If you have pets, they belong outside. No, I am not against pets. The issue is their hair on the carpet…the couch…and so on.
Than in the breath that from my mistress reeks.
Ultimately, this movie didn’t meet expectations. There was a lot that was quite striking and good about it, but the guy was just an absolute psychotic who never made anything of himself. While I’m sure that’s appealing to some as a figure of a film, it isn’t to me. But a director of Refn’s apparent ability should make something that isn’t my taste interesting to watch.
- In Bangladesh it is against the law for schoolchildren to cheat at school exams. Pupils as young as 15 can be imprisoned for this.
But those days are over.
Mr. Victor Sharpe Ph: (910) 433-1596
Company as mixed up as me, was desperately needed as well....
To the best of my knowledge I have just had my second miscarriage. At the end of the day, I wasn't really pregnant, I was only just there - 5/6 weeks possibly?
During planning of festivities this year for the 125th anniversary of the Y.M.C.A. in Evanston, it became clear that some of the feelings about the closing of the old Emerson branch were still unresolved, said Bill Geiger, the president of the McGaw Y.
Raised In (Pennsylvania)
02. Emmylou 4:18
My final thank you . . . really more a prayer of thanksgiving: Thank you, God, for giving me this healthy body and blessing me with such an incredible group of family and friends and making the beautiful Pacific Ocean and coastline. All praise, glory and honor be to You. Without You, I couldn't take two steps, let alone finish a Triathlon. Amen.
Until last week.
And so even when Hawkeye grows and changes, matures into leadership roles as the chairman of the West Coast Avengers and later with the Thunderbolts, he can't shake that little voice in the back of his head constantly comparing himself to Captain America. He will never cease to want to impress Cap, while at the same time resenting himself for still striving for Cap's approval. This is something that Rick Remender definitely understands in Secret Avengers: no matter how seasoned and experienced Hawkeye may be, he still gets a little torked around Cap, he acts out, he mouths off. Kurt Busiek got it, too, during his run on the Avengers: Hawkeye was the leader of the West Coast Avengers for ten years but the moment he was back on the "real" Avengers with Cap he couldn't help but feel inferior again, like that kid jostling with Cap for leadership of the team back in the mid-60s, spouting off like a hothead besides the fact that he damn well knows better.
Last night I reread Dorian Gray (that’s right, the whole thing in one night; this is what happens when you’re in four English classes at the same time and are also working on two different plays and producing a TV show), and was forcibly reminded of, of all things, Governor’s School.
But he really wanted to eat this.
oil 4 tsp
She pulled the phone from her purse and fumbled with it. Finally, she heard Kat’s muffled voice, and she held the thing up to her face.
I narrowed it down by making it a challenge... choosing something I've never done before.
about what passed that day down by the well.
The witness stared out the window, as though he hadn't hear the question.
In the past year, the university removed 50 spots and is planning to install natural landscaping on the site as well as the permeable paving, he said.
Taking steps to clear my mind
Disc 1:
cake topper: a hand-painted Eiffel Tower, of course!!!
Björk Isobel IS
Fill measuring cups by spooning in flour and/or starch and then leveling off with a knife. This will help you get the precise measurement. Combine all ingredients in gallon size ziplock bag. Seal. Shake and mix. Keep in fridge to have on hand for recipes.
My dream kitchen will most certainly include a large island an plenty of kitchen bar stools. Until I hit the lottery or marry an exceedingly wealthy man, that's just a dream. However, the good folks at CSNstores.com have made an offer for a product review, so I can at least get something awesome for that dream kitchen.
My husband and I got into Mad Men a few months before Season 3 began. We started with the first two seasons on DVD and absolutely devoured them. We'd look at each other after each episode was over, look at the clock, sigh and say, "Ok, just one more."I'm a sucker for the attention to detail and the period pieces. The fashion? The gorgeous feminine dresses and sophisticated suits are what I would love for men and women to wear again.
for all my fiddling and poking and studying the book.
Enjoy the vada curry!!
I recently stumbled across the following radio interview with financial guru Dave Ramsey. How to Adopt Without Debt. You can read about the interview by clicking here. You can listen to the interview by clicking here.
I haven't decided what to do about the counters. They aren't granite, and I do love putting hot pans and sticky spoons on granite. So marble won't work here. Even if it's sealed, I am too dangerous.
But Simon is about to pull Kira into a sinister clan of mindjackers who are being hunted by ruthless government agents. In this treacherous underworld, Kira discovers that her mindjacking abilities go way beyond what anyone has seen before, which puts her and everyone she loves, including Raf, in unspeakable danger.
Once one of them rode in on an okapi and someone yelled “PUTANA!” and everyone laughed. Including me, while on tiptoes, standing on my bed.
Our opinions spend page after page revisiting our cases and those of the Supreme Court, and still we continue to disagree vigorously over what is or is not patentable subject matter. This effort to descriptively cabin § 101 jurisprudence is reminiscent of the oenologists trying to describe a new wine. They have an abundance of adjectives — earthy, fruity, grassy, nutty, tart, woody, to name just a few — but picking and choosing in a given circumstance which ones apply and in what combination depends less on the assumed content of the words than on the taste of the tongue pronouncing them.
Bounce your way to the moon,
Rock On
One of my resolutions for 2012 is to get cracking on novel number two.
Matsumura Akira, ‘Finding the Missing Link,’ published this at Reader Support News on April 12, 2012 – link.
It was a herd of several hundred buffalo moving steadily towards the vultures. By this time, we had established that the three Mahlathini males had killed a large buffalo bull in the area, and the buffalo were heading straight towards them! We went ahead and sat with the lions, who were still at the kill, but watching the approaching buffalo intently. As the first few buffalo bulls leading the herd saw the lions, they ran in, and the lions quickly gave way and moved off!
Another thing doctors will do is manage data collection by having a staff member such as an assistant or a nurse get your vital information such as your weight or blood pressure. The forms you fill out also allow collection of this info without wasting the face time you have with the doctor. These kind of tools give the doctor a few more minutes to spend in actual patient care.
Ground Pistachio Nuts
I have paid work tomorrow but hope to finish off some more gifts and of course more quilts on Monday.
The Muslim Brotherhood motto established by founder Hassan al-Banna is, “God is our objective, the Quran is our Constitution, the Prophet is our leader, jihad is our way, and death for the sake of God is the highest of our aspirations.”
I would like to enter my "Bump" cards into the following challenges:-
8) MGMT- Congratulations
2 Tbsp Tapioca starch
But I really needed a good sharpener, so I decided to try it out.
I’m an artist who paints.
Okay. Have a good day. Gimme. Goodbye.
* Design video covers for all new titles
I know as well as fellow teenagers that there are some that do go looking for trouble, that do get highly intoxicated with drugs and drink and then stroll around the streets of Cork. We DO realize this but what the media and adults need to understant is that, not all teenagers are the same just like not all adults are the same. Its that simple. . The media’s image of teenagers and these negative reports that have recently been published tend to focus on the idea that young people misbehave and just hang around doing nothing and its quite degrading.
So I had planned on blogging once a month....hmmm life just gets way to busy sometimes. I cant believe it has been a year since I have been working for Flight Centre! What a year it has been too. Im all settled in my new house now, I have my craft desk all setup...but do you think I have used it yet?? My new years resolution is to get back into my crafting as I truly miss it, I will be happy if I make 1-2 cards a month. Im thinking if I go to paperific it will give me some mojo and great time to get back into it.
You have a passion for blogging and are ready to get paid :)
PCC: “I’ve just sweat through my shirt and my pants…I hope people know that it’s just sweat.”
"I'm sure I speak for all of us here when I say that I...Now, I'd like to say right now that...that...Campers, I can't think of anything to say."
Freddy vs. Jason: The only Nightmare I saw in the theatre. I went with my dad (surprise surprise) and for some reason, the ending really unsettled me and gave me a series of bad dreams. Just shows you what a movie will do to someone years later if they've already gotten fear of Freddy in their heads from all those years ago. Freddy won, though. Obviously.
And don't you love the colors of this delicious, oh so soft, knitted scarf? My neck will be drenched in deliciousness :-)
Once on a piece of white paper with blue lines
3.) Pin the Tail on the Donkey
Just depends.
since I've been with the G-man I missed the official
Her saintly calling is opposed by Satan. He would shatter the family unit and demean the worth of woman. He would triumph if one man would offend or fail to honor her, or if one woman would deny her infinite worth and behave beneath her dignity. The vulgar portrayal of her beauty as an object of lust, the vile invasion of her private purity, should provoke righteous indignation from all caring people. Elder Russell M. Nelson (“Woman—Of Infinite Worth”, Ensign, Nov. 1989, 20)
Beyond these, the one true living God is called by over eighty other compound names or descriptive titles; names that have real meaning and insight as to His very nature. Names that will teach us not only of God, Almighty, but of how to serve Him and worship Him.
Unwittingly abandoned
"Social, political and economic forces are pulling America apart and driving her toward a bloody conflict that may fracture the nation into several different countries," he said. "Riots, gangs, militias, exploding crime rates, massive immigration, rising unemployment, falling wages…these fuel the fires of war."
13/06/11 Our tenth day, and I'm sleeping through the night again, thank goodness. Our host/landlady, Claire, says the rule is that it takes one day for every hour travelled from the other side of the world, and that observation has been absolutely right in my case; husband, however, was back to normal after 3 days, so obviously practise helps.
Pork satay albatross embody served influence a pineapple - based satay relish or cucumber relish. An Indonesian recital uses a soy - based plunge.
You are not alone in this new place, this other place, this grey and misty morning.
We will not believe in false things, least of all the supremacy of the material world.
Favorite New York City Lunch: David Chang deserves much praise, and the Momofuku Ssäm Bar, located across the street from the Milk Bar, is the place to go for lunch. You must have their Rotisserie Duck, which offers simply one of the best pieces of duck I have ever had, tender, moist and flavorful. This duck has remained locked in my memory and on my next trip to NYC, I will definitely return here. Their Steamed Pork Buns impressed as well, and I don't think any of the dishes will disappoint. Rush to eat here!
On 15 December the TUC's Public Sector Liaison Group (PSLG) met for the first time since the magnificent 30 November public sector strike.
Sorry the pictures are not as clear as they could be. I was using another camera...that I don't know how to work :)
Here are his hobbies:
Rise and Shine Bakery
I love the alliterative enjoyment of language that makes this book a joy to read out loud. I suspect that only Malachy Doyle could make a list of instructions read as poetry without adding a single fuss or literary frill!
“What do you think they drank at the Last Supper? Coke? Pshhhh, as if!”
All of the aforementioned resources were either written or created by Doreen Virtue, Ph.D.
To arrange the blankets, pillows and sheets
Morello: Where’s Phreak?
- Washable manmade lining with an inside patch pocket
I can understand what Joseph Kahn is attempting to do with this movie, by taking this movie to ridiculous lengths with its action beats; it’s trying to parody the ridiculous nature of some action movies. Obviously there are parallels to this movie and the Fast and the Furious series. However there is a line of pretending to be bad, and just being plain bad that is too easy to cross with this type of parody movie, and in Torque’s case it crosses the line at 100 miles and hour (or kilo meters for the metric countries).
“The report demonstrated how poor English stroke services were and what poor value they were,” says Damian Jenkinson, Interim National Clinical Director for Stroke, Department of Health. “We were spending £7 billion per year ineffectively, and that’s what made the Government really listen and commit to making a difference.”
I liked the editor’s letter in the December issue of Elle:
IN A WORD: Understandable. Shirer speaks to new Christians and seasoned saints alike. She doesn’t just say, “listen for the still small voice” in answer to the “how do I hear from God?” question. She tells you what that looks like and sounds like and how she’s experienced it in her life. This book is a great resource.
Also, I’m sure many SAHM coming from the working world feels a self-imposed pressure to treat life as a normal work week. I have taken my role as Chief Domestic Officer and broken it down on spreadsheets. Color-coded. Including slotted time for my “projects”…and my day doesn’t end until the kids are in bed. That’s when I “quit”, whatever isn’t complete is held for the next day (there’s a time slot for that too.) But it’s similar to being self-employed in that the hours are flexible…I get to jog with the pup and blog interruption free !
Here is the first room tour of Jewels at Home. The tours are my motivation to “finish” (and clean up!) our house, room by room. In reality, our spaces are a constant work in progress, reflecting the dynamic nature of our lives, but it’s a great feeling when a room gets to the point where it’s ready to share. Let me know if you have a room in your house to share on Jewels at Home!
Liptak doesn't discuss the regional economics of the prison systems, the small towns abutting massive penitentiaries, and the parasitic nature of such relationships. It means wholesome small towns like Boydton are dependent on the mass misery of others, and the perpetuation of that system of misery.
I Will See every stumbling block as a stepping stone.
* The claim that the wax facilitated through-plating and soldering operations through the protective coating operated as a performance requirement of the claim. Mann J was right that "facilitating" required practical benefits and that, so far as the question of infringement was concerned, Siemens was entitled to rely on any means by which the wax in Thorn's product made through-plating and soldering through the coating easier in a practical sense.
Take an emergency kit with you on all rides and keep a good, sharp knife on you (ex. to cut a lead line in an emergency). Sunscreen for you and your horse(s) is important to protect from sun damage and painful sunburns. If your horse has pink skin you may want to apply sunscreen to the area, as it is especially prone to burning. Insect repellent is also a good idea to protect from insect bites. Coats and blankets are important for cold nights and can also be used to help protect you and your horse(s) from insects. As well, a good flashlight and/or lantern are also a good idea, as it can be very dark out in the woods at night! For a full list of camping essentials visit www.livetoridehorses.com/campingchecklist
“He looks like he’s gone ten rounds with Mike Tyson and he’s absolutely devastated. It’s frightened him to death and I don’t think he’ll ever go out again.”
That ilka melder (any quantity of corn sent to the mill is called a melder), wi' the miller
I recently got a new machine called Pazzles. Which I absolutely LOVE. So I will be posting projects from both my Cricut and Pazzles. This decal above I cut using the Pazzles. A few of my fellow Jeepers went to MOAB for the annual Easter Jeep Safari. We could not go :(. But they took lots of pictures and share it with our R-Jeeps Facebook page. So it was like we were there with them.
The Wall Street occupation has already succeeded in revealing the bankruptcy of the dominant powers – the economic, the political, media and security forces. They have nothing positive to offer humanity, not that they ever did for the Global South, but now their quest for endless profits means deepening the misery with a thousand austerity cuts.
So, on the whole, whilst I think the majority of CC fans will not be disappointed and I think the romance elements will be eagerly read I was hoping for a little more along the lines of the first novel and I felt a little disappointed that it was less about the action and more about the emotional web. Just not what I was expecting I guess. I imagine No.3 may throw us back into the thick of things (or at least I hope so). I wouldn’t like to think that the Shadowhunter series is simply going to become about Jem loves Tessa, Tessa loves Will, Tessa likes Jem, Will loves Tessa, etc, etc.
When he feel he close to his climax, Yoochun pump Junsu’s junior fast make the smaller squirm underneath him. With some trust and pump more, they both cum almost in same time. Yoochun spilled his seed inside Junsu and Junsu in their chest.
The large scale sackings and suspensions have to stop. In particular, the individuals sacked from the Advisory Council should at least be given reasons for their dismissal. Those members suspended over the past few weeks ‘pending investigation’ should be re-admitted if there is no good reason for their exclusion. The investigation itself should be made by independent assessors and not by party officers. We cannot afford to lose good people. The effect on morale of these unexplained exclusions is devastating. If individuals need to be disciplined then so be it. But the procedure needs to be clear, transparent, and above all fair.
Frustration about the so-called incorrectly named man-made 'carbon emissions' which of course is Carbon Dioxide emissions and what it is supposedly doing to our planet
6th layer green, wide 2.50 and high 2.50" with a circle in the centre 0.75"
Stoke City - £43,614,833
When my light turns to darkness as I see
LÄPPLE: I gave it to him thinking it would make a nice surprise. And in fact he writes in his autobiography that it became a reference book for him, and offered him a new relationship with the thinking of the Fathers, but also a new standpoint on theology. In effect, more than a
If you do—if you can get past the abject terror—you just might discover a secretly incredible life in this ordinary world.
Now Miss McKenzie doesn't have a binky (thank god codie was 4 when we finally got him to stop)
lost. So when I wrote a song I'd start to imagine who would
When the original Red Coats. . . didn’t like it when George Washington and his troops were fighting behind trees, you know, not fighting in a straight line with red coats where they can be SHOT– It’s the same thing with these people. They’re not fighting FAIR in the way they will LOSE by going to Washington and getting a lobbyist: They’re in the streets! It’s the same way you guys are all saying about Obama, “Oh, he’s out campaigning. He’s not governing!” Yeah, he’s not sitting in Washington giving you guys bills that you’ll crumple up and throw away. He’s taking his case to the people. Is there something wrong if you are not winning with one tactic . . . . Is it so wrong to try the other tactic where you might be able to WIN?
To sum it up:
You'll get one chance to enter for each prize--I'll keep separate lists and use a random-number generator to pick the winners. To enter, comment and tell me what you'd like to do with each prize: for example, if you tell me you'd like to make a mug rug out of the hexagon prize, that counts as an entry on the hexagon list!
Dark, rustic and weathered patina forever bind an intricately carved Medieval style cross of pewter to a small antique bottle veiled in a beautifully heavy, frosty and crusty patina. The glass has taken on a very slight, pale lavender hue, while traces of earthly remnants cling to the inside of the bottle, serve as a reminder of its century long hideaway within the earth. A subtle flash of iridescence adds an element of enchantment and surprise to the weathered feel of the piece.
Much of the “tax the rich” rhetoric is misleading or false in other ways than just the confusion between wealth and income. Modern liberals also constantly complain that the rich are not paying their “fair share”. There are many ways — all subjective — to define “fair share” (e.g., equal percentage of income, equal percentage of wealth, a progressive tax system, etc.) so asking if the rich pay their “fair share” is a pointless exercise. Even the same data can suggest contradictory answers as to whether or not the rich are paying their “fair share” depending on one’s definition of “fair share”. For example, a sociology professor at UCSC recently published an analysis of wealth and income distribution which demonstrates that the wealthiest Americans are accumulating a larger and larger share of wealth. On the other hand, the same analysis shows that Americans with the highest income tend to pay a higher share of all taxes:
The actor, who recently just named ambassador for SAG, fulfilled his duties by encouraging charitable acts among the audience, in particular stumping for a cause called Book Pals.
For Janie and Cabel, real life is getting tougher than the dreams. They're just trying to carve out a little (secret) time together, but no such luck.
The bitterness of honesty is better than the sweetness of a lie. To deliver honesty is lot more easier, as it is a word that is given away like a gift to our world and which makes us feel lightened in heart and mind. But a lie spoken is a burden pushed into our world that shall always return to its source for validation by guilt.
Everything you say, I hear
OF Universal Value 6
Though it seems as if spring weather will not be approaching any time soon, I can't help but dream of spring style. I meant to do homework this afternoon, but somehow started browsing Ruche's new items instead (shocking) and am obsessed with all the beautiful colors and textures! It stays pretty chilly here until basically July, so I'm loving their sweaters in light, whimsical colors--perfect for throwing over a dress or floral skirt. I'm not normally a pink kind of girl, but I can't resist the gorgeous rose and coral shades coming up this season..one of each, please! Pleats, polka dots, bows, bring 'em on. I'm just ready to wear girly, colorful, playful pieces this spring...if it ever shows up (it's snowing as I type this).
Since Tim and I will be traveling to FL next week, we are going to eat lunch here today before we head out to our thrift stores. There are some things you just can't give up! Thrifting is one of them! :D
Ready? Set! Sew!
Here we are, me and you
-Warms up your face and gives a nice glow
The incompatibility of the world we live in
I pinned this image from local friend and blogger Megan at A Life's Design from Atlanta Homes Magazine. I am LOVING this loft space. Who wouldn't love a reading space like that? The skylight brings a lovely flood of light to the nook and really opens up that small space. Can you imagine how closed off it would feel without it? I also love the exposed, rustic beam and the circular, mirrored sconces. There's nothing a love more than a little sparkle and shine in a rustic and neutral space. Glam, glam, glam.
It holds the answer to everything.
Oh, for heaven’s sake. You’ve got to be kidding.
248 ***1. “Natural Law or Natural Right: An Appreciation of James V. Schall, S. J.” Loyola of New Orleans Law Review, vol. 38, pp. 915-30. (Incorporated, with corrections, such as “Natural Right” for “Natural Rights” in the title, in Item B-11, above, pp. 147-65 (1999). Incorporated, also, in Item B-12, above, pp. 323-43 (2002). )
The reason I am writing this is because this year makes TEN years of being best friends with Shelby. We have been through it all together: from the Girl Scout memories of sleepovers, selling cookies and making blankets....to our school memories of our first dances, boyfriends, and all those classes together...to everything else. Lounging in a pool into the wee hours of the morning telling our life stories, whispering secrets in the dark as we fall asleep on a bedroom floor, or shopping around our small town; we've been through it all together.
Take for example a few movies where forces of nature were vital. Imagine how the characters and the plots would change if the following forces of nature were taken away:
unleashed, unto the fulfillment of your will and desire in wonderful and
I believed in Act Three.
8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature
Luckily, Davao City Mayor Inday Sara Duterte is one of the nominees.
Hello, stamping and paper crafting friends! I have something TOTALLY out of the ordinary for you today! :) I recently mentioned that I will be doing two monthly workshops starting in April--one in my home and one about 30 miles away. The one that meets 30 miles away also incorporates an ATC swap each month that I will be participating in. Next month's theme is "Retro." And that is totally NOT something I do usually.
7Ye did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth?
Our PS3 is on the fritz.
It's not too late even. That is how merciful God is. Even in your pure wickedness against God, He wants to see you repent of your ways and come back to Him. We all do. Stop fooling yourselves to think that Atheism is not a Religion. At this point you are being quite silly. Atheism is Definitely a Religion!
“Christian groups that oppose marriage equality like the Australian Christian Lobby are entitled to their view, but they do not represent the majority of Australian Christians”, McPherson said. “Clearly, most Australian Christians believe same-sex marriage is consistent with Christian values like justice, love, compassion and fidelity, not opposed to these values.”
Does anybody know this brand from Japan?
Reason #2 (and probably the most important reason): The colored chocolate, once melted, was too thick in texture. I added several teaspoons vegetable oil to make it runnier, but it still didn't produce the same silky texture that real melted chocolate gives. And for cake pops you want a thin coating.
For several years, people inside baseball have looked at the Angels as the team that could bring the hammer down and scoop up several big name free-agents because owner Arte Moreno has and, more importantly, is willing to spend a ton of money. It looked like last year would be that year as they were connected to several high profile free agents such as Carl Crawford.
Lambert Lake
The villagers were totally entranced by the unfolding dialog before them. Suspense of story telling had never been better. They hung on to every word.
Maggie is an old girl now and doesn't play with her toys like she use to. I totally understand that!!! Bambi was the same way.. I am the same way too~~~ I don't play with my toys much any more either!!!
One of my favorite things to do with Sizzix dies is use them in unexpected ways. Simply by cutting from different materials, layering different dies and embellishments, and adding surface treatments, you can create something unique and personal.
What pushed us over the edge this time? Well, I’d like to happily (and slightly begrudgingly) point the finger at two of our new friends that we met this past year. Enter: Brandon and Jen Hatmaker. We met under dire circumstances in both of our families’ adoptions from Ethiopia in 2011. We knew we loved them, enjoyed our time together eating, comparing tattoos (you guys totally win) and the such amid a glory cloud of frankincense (thanks, Jimmy!). What we didn’t know was that they were both authors and that they would one day return to our lives with conviction veiled in fun and sarcastic banter.
On the second day of the trip we had some very close views of several species from a small boat in the Hauriki Gulf, New Zealand, before the main cruise started. This Black or Parkinson's Petrel shows the similarity in structure of it's bill, with a sharp hook for dealing with it's prey and the tubes that exude salt. This order of birds has been highly successful and is found from Antarctica to the Arctic, but new many species are amongst the most vulnerable in the world. The problems Albatrosses have with long line fishing have been well publicised, but less well known is the destruction of many nesting colonies by accidentally introduced mammals, such as rats, mice and cats to their breeding islands. Currently there are several projects in the Pacific to rid some of the most important breeding colonies of these intrduced pests.
At Stanton Wick about 200 residents met to discuss the proposal to transform the former colliery site into 15 permanent pitches and five transit pitches.
Only one problem. I’d left them on the pan entirely too long, and the cookies had permanently adhered. When I tried to remove them, they held on for dear life. I think I had a mini meltdown at that point. I’d just spent so much time meticulously decorating those dainty little cookies, and just a light tap from a spatula broke them into teeny puzzle pieces. Somehow I managed to scrape most of them off and delicately transferred them to the cooling rack, and a few of the badly broken ones to Luke’s happily awaiting paws. But as they cooled, their torn undersides began to fall through the wires, and by the time they were ready to be put away, the table was covered in crumbs. But you know what? No one looks at the underside of a cookie. It’s the top that matters, right? Especially when the “no one” is just Luke and me.
I don’t have that luxury now. I haven’t had a gym membership since then. But I have learned to make the most of things and work out at home. I have talked about my Biggest Loser workouts, but I haven’t gone into specifics. I actually have several Biggest Loser DVDs, so I thought I would some for you.
See that pic up above? I was pretty much sobbing with joy there. You see, this was my FIFTH Trek, but my first finish. All the other times something happened to put me out of the ride.
Not very long ago, I FINALLY received some back pay that I have slogged through acres of red tape to reclaim from the government. I kind of knew it was coming, but also was prepared for them to find a reason why I shouldn't need it more than some Victoria politician who, say, needed a new antique desk for his office. So for the months where I waited with somewhat baited breath, I (thankfully) budgeted and prioritized every penny to pay down debt, fix up the house, and replace the computer and camera I so desperately need... This post is dedicated to my family and friends who somehow (... seriously, I have no idea!!! :P) see me as extravagant and impractical. What??? You see? If I were impractical, would I have paid off the hydro...?
Terra Alta Police Chief Justin Burke Childers sounds like a fucking redneck piece of shit who belongs behind bars getting raped every day. He should not be receiving any of our tax dollars and using them to abuse disabled snow plow operators. Merry fucking christmas.
But we've needed to take a number of baby steps before we can start framing and finishing the space.
A scone should be delicate and moist on the inside, speckled with sweet currants or other fruits and nuts, lightly sprinkled with sugar and baked to a light golden brown. It's even better served with clotted cream, jam and lemon curd.
scooby an shaggy.
3) Tryst, in Arlington, is launching its new Retro Brunch on Sunday, January 8th, 2012. Highlighting breakfasts of the past and throwback desserts like their house-made Twinkies and Devil Dogs, guests can look forward to stick-to-your-ribs, retro- fueled fare with culinary whim. Enjoy deep-caloric indulgences such as Annie's French Toast ($10) made with warm Portuguese sweet bread and cinnamon cider apples, or for something more hearty, try the Tryst Steak & Eggs ($17) featuring grilled steak, two eggs, crispy potatoes & hollandaise. You can also find dishes like the from-scratch Lemon & Ricotta Pancakes ($10) or Hand Cut Tagliatelle Carbonara ($12 half order/ $19 full) with poached farm egg, crispy prosciutto, pecorino romano & cracked pepper.
Today I’d say Wellington, NZ. But that answer would probably change tomorrow.
So i built up a few more layers and ended up with this:
I have added more functionalities in DisplayImage class such as getting co-ordinates of mouse click, etc. You can find it here on my GitHub. You can also find some examples that I have worked out for SimpleCV there.
Actually, I've played with Mickey twice before, and we'd done two of those tunes already, but more importantly, he's such a great musician that it's just easy to play with him. Ditto for his son, who plays drums.
A quiet little blurb recently came out of Texas in the news that Chelsey Sveinsson had returned to racing. She appears to still be a ways off form as she placed 6th in the SPC (private school) Meet. She finished in 19:53, about 3 minutes slower than one would expect from her in a 5k. At that rate, I wouldn't look for her until Track season. Hope she returns stronger than ever.
Her debut single "Stone cold sober" reached number 17 in the UK charts, and the debut album "Do you want the truth or something beautiful" was issued by Epic Records at the end of 2009.
The mother had a hand squeezed tightly around her engagement ring, turned into her palm, as she reached for her baby in her dying moments.
The 800 pound gorilla around these events is the US. The gorilla wants a cozy cuddly relationship with India—a feeling that India fully reciprocates because of all the goodies that will come its way. The gorilla also wants bases in Afghanistan—something the Afghan Government (but not the Afghans) wants to give them to ensure continued support of all kinds. All three want Pakistan to do several things—deliver terrorists, end sanctuaries, stabilize internally and cooperate fully in all that they want to do in their own interests. Pakistan wants good bilateral relations with all three but it has to be clear on the end result sought by the US in Afghanistan and on how and to what extent it will be supported now and in the long run to face the challenges that threaten it. So far all Pakistan is getting is pressure and coercion and its response is to this pressure not to a supportive cooperative attitude addressing its concerns.
Set of 6 Contains 2"-, 2½"-, 3"-, 3½"-, 4"-; and 4½"-diameter cutters
1265 Boston Ave
What to take: Sunglasses, sunblock and a hat (if you’re going to frolic in the corn or attempt the putt-putt course); your life savings (if you plan on splashing out at the stalls)
“I have to go now, I’ll talk to you later. Bye Su…”
Being the type of person that always prepares for everything WAY in advance, his nursery was completely set up and stocked with all the goodies anyone could want or need for that matter. What I was not prepared for was the emotional toll that having a baby in the NICU would have on me. Although born a normal weight and height his lungs were not quite ready to work on their own. After what I consider to be a chaotic and less than comical delivery, by c-section might I add, the next 17 days ahead of us were emotionally and physically draining.
I know a Mexican-Irish couple who have six children. Both husband and wife work in the public and voluntary sectors, in her case she is a midwife whilst her consort drives a coach for a community organisation. Their offspring have followed a similar route and chosen careers in the civic and public sector fields. This couple is far from being the only one. A case in point is a Brazilian woman married to a Scot with whom she contributes to her local community, including doing voluntary work at the church she and her husband attend regularly.
Of all the shows and clips and films that I’ve ever watched that were made by and performed by Monty Python – there is one line that for some reason I’ve never forgotten. It is when three red-robed, faux-16th century pseudo-clerics bounce into a modern day room making the announcement that “Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition.”
Apple Slices
So, overall it's better not to leave a worn pair of jeans or socks or shirt on the floor before you head upstairs to go to bed. And, like I said, usually they're both pretty good about it. You see, I have my methods:
And drab as a dead man’s hand;
- aber, Lincolnshire, 01/3/2012 16:05
The party was able to overcome the thugs, and they questioned Taim as to why he was following them. The man told them that he and his cronies had recently started receiving messages on scraps of parchment from an unknown source. These messages (which were being left in the thugs' supposedly secret hideouts) had ordered the thugs to start harassing certain individuals in Waterdeep in exchange for coin, and the mysterious benefactor had indeed paid them well for their services. The night before the party returned to Waterdeep, Taim received a message that warned of the group's arrival. The note also commanded Taim and his cronies to keep an eye out for the party.
When I hear across the hall:
Avant! records just emailed me about this super dark electronic split from Lust for Youth and WAR. I finally put two and two together last night and realized WAR was the same band who put out that single on Sacred Bones a little while ago and now I am definitely going to pick up over there as well. Lust for Youth already has Solar Flare on Avant! and they're putting out another one this month or so, both of them I'm just getting into thanks to this single.
Fourth is Beneath the Bracken, an artist's blog: a blend of beautiful photographs and thoughtful, introspective commentary with themes of change, growth, and poetry.
the universe expands.
They have no power, why are they not entitled to protection?
Cut eggs in half lengthwise and spoon out the yolks into a small bowl. Mash them. Add vinegar, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, Greek yogurt and salt and pepper and mix until smooth. Place a spoonful of the mixture in each egg and top each one with a sprig of dill. Arrange on plate and sprinkle with paprika.
I know what you're thinking: maybe not the most romantic thing, but hear me out! I remember in the early days of our dating relationship, Sean and I climbed a tree that had some sentimental importance to us and carved our initials into it. Simple, but it was such a fun date. Give this kit to your sweetheart and personalize it by sewing their name into the case or just buy one knife and have it engraved. Pair it with a bottle of wine and hopefully mild weather and it makes for a very sweet Valentine's. Plus, if your boo is into it, they can take up whittling as a hobby afterward.
Members of The Sixteen:
"And it's so visually intersting!" I'd hear.
I took this photo when baby Hamish met "Bapa" (the word his sister Anna uses for my husband; I am "Aga") He has such a questioning look on his face, as if to say "and who are YOU?" I created this layout using sketch #205 at Creative Scrappers.
“Whatever you ask for in prayer, Believe that you have received it, and it will be yours.” Mark 11:24
Matt Saracen (Zach Gilford): The backup quarterback. He seems rather unsure of himself; a bit socially awkward. He’s called on to save the game after Jason gets injured and manages to pull it off but I feel there are still some lingering doubts in his mind about whether he can really be “the guy.” At this point, having watched only one episode, Matt is my favorite character.
And she was telling me… that I could find the answer to my queries here?
What now. What is he doing, thinking, sleeping now? He got cold showers to protect his reputation, dignity, honesty? Or to recover it? I am not honest. He is married. He´s not catholic. She-painter and I are non-catholic, non-non but lost girls=fillettes. He´s young, but i look younger, and i am sure we´ve suffered the same, enjoyed life the same. What does it mean, enjoy life?
Ok Mr Balmer goes through a quick history of the acoustic guitar and then delves into the major types and issues you may have. Lots of very detailed DIY tips and like all the Haynes Manuals the photography really sets it apart from many many other guitar manual type books. There is stuff about nut work, saddle work including making custom compensated ones using a neat little gadget to determine the ideal break point for the string. There is some stuff on dealing with a bellied acoustic, my Yamaha 12 string which is approaching 20 years old I think has this issue. I'm now seriously thinking about having a go at one method shown in this book which uses a brace you insert, attach to the bridge and brace against the end block. This might stop you needing an expensive neck reset - frankly for my Yamaha that is not cost effective but is it a shame that guitar isn't as playable as I'd like. An installation of an under saddle piezo system is shown as well. And a top class luthier does show in great detail a complete neck reset on a 1930s Kalamazoo. But frankly not for a DIYer but helps if you ever get to having a conversation with someone, might help you to judge their level of knowledge.
Startups are hard. When you read the press you only read the glamorous bits. You read about Mark Zuckerberg or the guys at FourSquare, Twitter or Zynga. But that’s a bit like reading about your state lottery winner and feeling bummed out because you haven’t won despite years of trying. The reality is that most of you will never hit it BIG yet you’ll lead fulfilled and productive lives. Whether you choose to be happy or not is up to you. Will you choose the dopeness or the wackness? (if you don’t have the reference and want it you can click the image above)
Breaking from standard relationship film fare, 6 Things… examines Black sex and sexuality without showing the act of sex. “Showing sexuality without showing sex allowed us, and the filmgoers, to explore the relationships on a different level,” says “Thing Two - The Cable Box” director Cinque Northern. “Black love and sex on the silver screen tends to not be nuanced,” explains Northern, “with 6 Things…, we show this love in different forms.”
Job growth: The average increase for blue states was just 1.2% from June 2009 — the official start of the economic recovery — to March 2012. For red states, it was 1.9%. The national average was 1.8%, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
To learn more about the Aerospace Supplier Conference including information about participating and what companies will be represented there, click here.
The place where he was sitting was also thoroughly checked. It was clear that something heavy was dragged from there. It was clear to everyone what had transpired. Near the baobab tree, a piece of Tirumal’s shirt was found. The engineer with his gun took the lead. Shankar was behind him. The coolies followed. Despite it being well after midnight, the grassland around the camp was searched thoroughly, Tirumal’s body wasn’t found. The lion’s roar was heard again — but from afar. It was as if some unholy goddess was wailing.
Technically, none of generic manufacturers is barred from manufacturing and selling generic imatinib mesylate tablets; it is just the specific crystalline form, i.e. beta-crystalline variant which need attention as long as Novartis exhaust all its legal options. And even if Novartis wins the case, it would be a mere child’s play for competitively talented generic manufacturers to avoid using or designing-around beta-crystalline variant. In fact, inclusion of S. 3 (d) was advocated on the fact that inventing new polymorphic form involves no inventiveness (human ingenuity) and is mere more of a routine practice within the industry. So what’s the big deal if Novartis receive patent protection for specific beta-crystalline form of imatinib mesylate? In patent domain,
Last year and this year, at the Hartwell Tavern food preservation event, I put up fresh eggs, in an 18th century manner, to last all winter without refrigeration. This is the recipe I was given, but I don't know where it comes from:
We will be fined immediately if we do not implement this treaty and that is blackmail in any man’s language, it is time the Irish People stood up and said enough is enough to Europe and in particular the Germans, it is easy to foist austerity and penalties on someone else when you will be unaffected by the rule which enforces the penalties and austerity.
W had his last Sunday School (CCD) class. His report card was great and the teacher said he is a wonderful student and did great on classwork and tests. I got a bit teary-eyed with that, because he got a 35% on his last test. He was upset with himself and felt very stupid. He'd never told his teacher he was dyslexic. So, the next week he mentioned it and said that it takes him a little longer to read and needs a little more time to take a test. W has no issues with it and is comfortable talking about it. The teacher allowed him to re-take the test the following week. The first time it was open-book. The 2nd time it wasn't, but W still got a 70%. He was over the moon with joy and so proud of himself. I was too.
I think blue and brown is one of my favourite combinations right now. I tried something a little different for colouring my image this time, and attempted a sepia toned image. To keep with the vintage feel I sponged all the edges with Tim Holtz Distress Ink in Antique Linen. The sentiment is from Whimsy Stamps. I am absolutely besotted with this paper, and love the fact that it's covered in compasses - just perfect for a travelling duck! This card also uses my brand new and much anticipated Magnolia Doohickey die - Leaf & Swirl. It was so good, I had to use it twice. :)
“Okay, fine.” I load some of the loot into my saddlebags but I leave most of it for Henry. He has eight mouths to feed whereas I have only two. We reach the edge of my property an hour later.
I have something now that I didn’t have back then.
"They technically are for little kids though," I began to let the cat out of the bag a bit and Branden looked questioningly at me, "They are VERY brightly multi-colored...and they have eyes."
Yeah. It does.
For some, looking at the cover of this book may make you think “old-fashioned fairy-tale”, but there you would be wrong. This is a story with a great heroin, fine details, and a new take on fantasy that is wholly immersing with its detailed writing.
Friday was 'Star Wars Day' which I had no idea about until Darth Vader and some Storm Troopers, casually WANDERED THROUGH MY OFFICE....
“”The whole universe throughout all its ten directions is the One Bright Pearl.’ Its basic idea is that the whole universe throughout all its ten directions is not to be thought of as vast and grand or minute and insignificant, nor as made up of angles and curves, nor as the center or core of something else, nor does it act like some lively fish darting about in a sea of space or like dewdrops brightly whirling in the wind. Moreover, because it is not something that was born and will die, not something that is coming or going, it is being born and dying, coming and going all the time.”
4) The Morris Weiss years
To my mind, there's nothing wrong with choosing to feed your child formula even if you can breastfeed, either. Scientific advancements to make our lives easier, in action! Once upon a time, the only way a busy woman with a life of her own outside raising babies could continue to be busy after giving birth was to find a wet-nurse. Nowadays researchers and companies have laboured for years to bring us balanced nutrition for infants. Brilliant! OK, so it's not the ideal but for some parents the advantages make it the best way for them to make sure their children are properly fed. Again though, the option comes with a burden of misplaced guilt, thanks to the ever-vocal 'breast is best' lobby.
For day 3 of A to Z Blogging I decided to blog about an admirable woman who's name we all know. Just for fun I'll give you a few hints before naming her. Both her first and last names start with the letter "C". She was born in France but is no longer with us. She became famous for her little black dresses, suits, costume jewelry and perfume.
Well bye bye another season & bye bye Champions League football. Obviously I’m on my way home after the match and feeling pretty pessimistic and there is a slim chance of our rivals screwing up like we just did.
I think the secret with colouring with Distress Inks is to get the amount of water on your brush right and remember to blend the colour, pushing the colour to the lighter parts of the image as you work.
Tools: Spellbinders - Labels Twelve and Scalloped Circles, Marianne CreaTables LR0157,
To a place where I’ll be safe and warm, where I belong
Let’s suppose, hypothetically, that the Elsevier boycott succeeds in decreasing the importance of many major mathematical journals. Let’s also assume that the basics of the journal system still remain unchanged — academics need to get their work certified by acceptance in journals, acceptance which demonstrates that their work is correct and reaches some particular level of importance.
Trucks also deliver other essentials. Fuel delivered to metropolitan areas through pipelines is not accessible to the public until it is distributed by tanker trucks to gas stations.
Mother taught me to live my values (She certainly lived hers) and to practice kindness (she was better at that than I am).
You saw how angry they were with AIG – even as you were “stunned” – how are they going to react when they find out you are not qualified to be president?
I had an encrypted drive which Time Machine was backing up unencrypted. Now as I understand it, the point of Time Machine is to restore, exactly, the drive it’s backing up, so even though the backup itself was unencrypted, there must be some data in the backup to allow Time Machine to restore an encrypted drive. For example, the key used to perform the encryption, assuming that OS X uses a unique key for each encryption. If it didn’t FileVault would be rather pointless.
more than a series of commercial transactions. We who now must pursue
Here's our Super 6:
Dare to believe that he has planned greater things right around the corner for the ones you love. Hold your loved ones before the throne and count on God's answer in their lives. Don't let your ability or inability to think your way around circumstances hold you back. Pray and rest. Then pray some more.
Put down that remote and join me on the living room dance floor!
The great library of Alexandria. It pushed Eygpt to the centre of the world and it's loss is still being felt today, 2000 years later. There were scientists and thinkers operating out of its walls who invented the steam engine. Imagine where we'd be now if the industrial revolution had happened in the first century AD rather than the 18th? That's were science, philosophy and cultures met, learnt from one another and made the world a wiser, more tolerant place. You get rid of libraries, you get rid of wisdom, you might as well just chuck thsoe books on a bon-fire. Like they did in Germany in the 1930s. And we know that turned out well.
Initial thoughts at bottling: The warrior hops give it a nice earthy aroma, and in about 3-4 months all of the flavors should blend nicely. I tasted sweet chocolate, a little bit of espresso, and just a tad of dried fruit, but leaning towards the chocolate side of things. The biggest surprise was the earthiness from the hops. The earthiness must be coming from the dry hops. It may simply be the flavor and aroma of the Warrior hops. The Warrior leaf hops I dry hopped with were about a year old and that may have something to do with it.... or, it may be because I dry hopped it for about a month which is longer then typically recommended for, say, an IPA. I'm sure the hops will dissipate a bit in the 4 months left before my little baby boy is born. Can't wait for that little fucker to get here! Earthy and Russian Imperial Stout seem to work well together in my initial sample.
But she isn't done impressing me. Her laundry nook turned office really gets my heart racing. Like I just drank eleven cups of espresso racing. We are talking about creating an office nook after all...
Will I manage to keep my spirits high when the household work is distributed so unevenly between my husband and myself? I’ll be here with little B, bathing, changing, and dressing her, making her breakfasts and dinners, entertaining and teaching her (not to mention shopping on foot with a toddler in tow). Hubby, on the other hand, will have his evenings (or rather, in his case, his mornings) to himself, a car, and the freedom to go out when he pleases. It is going to be very difficult for me, not growing bitter at over this discrepancy in experience. Any suggestions?
And he does ... I'll post my own review soon.
Dress: Hummy Dress-Pink – Yulicie (Kawaii Fair Item)
"It is only wild weeds I'm after, and I'm doing no one no harm.""I've told you- its PRIVATE- CLEAR OFF"
Let me make this simple. Here are the possible outcomes of any campaign and the probable results.
5: SHIRLEY & LEE - Baby
I haven't done much bead work before. It is a bit more fiddly than normal tatting, but seems to add a nice touch.
That’s our version of the trap that closes around every society that overshoots its resource base. The struggle to sustain the unsustainable – to maintain levels of consumption the remaining resource base won’t support indefinitely – always seems to drive the sort of short-term expedients that make for long-term disasters. I’ve come to think that a great many of the recent improvements in efficiency in the industrial world have their roots in this process. Loudly ballyhooed as great leaps forward, they may well actually be signs of the tightening noose of resource constraints that, in the long run, will choke the life out of our civilization.
On August 10, a pregnant woman stuck in a broken lift at the Coronation hospital for two hours had to give birth in the lift. A contractor reportedly arrived 50 minutes later to repair the lift.
Well, she didn’t like that idea. She couldn’t do without her knees and all. “I think I’ll just stick to my big-boobed self,” she said.
Territorial Army bosses have refused to confirm whether they will ban Midland cadets from wearing their uniforms while walking to training sessions in Birmingham.
And Copic Creations wants us to do "feather blending" which means to blend the colors together with little feather strokes instead circle motions. They have 3 great tutorials - from easy to advanced - posted. I used this technique on the dress to blend from violett to light brown.
Note: I found this in my diary and I wanted to share it here in my blog
:: high speeds on the high seas and huge smiles and belly laughs when hitting the waves
Emerson: She said you’re welcome.
I was so happy! THIS works for the inspiration photo. Though, I did do it backwards - matching a card to the photo - oh well. I want to have fun when I stamp, not stress and I was starting to stress. Did I cheat? I will leave that up to you to decide -- I liked the card, no one has seen it yet, and it works with the photo -- I AM OKAY with that~ :)
I admit it. I have a problem with catalogs. I get at least 3 or 4 per day shooting through my mail slot. You would think that You Tube, or Facebook would get more of my attention, but not so much. I do like holding real pages in my hands so I can flip them, dog ear them, put post-it tags on them.
My kids loved this idea. And had lots of fun shopping for their cousins.
Leader of Kadima Party Shaul Mofaz joins Prime Minister Netanyahu's Coalition, effectively crushing opposition and stirring protests
Who doesn’t love Sherlock Holmes? Who doesn’t wish that he could have found a life-mate, other than Watson, who could match him, wit for wit? It may seem incredible, but Laurie R. King did this when she created Holmes’ protegee, Mary Russell. These books are delicious, and, like Jacqueline Winspear’s Maisie Dobbs’ series, have a feminist slant. Ms. Russell is not afraid to wear the pants, do the hard work, and even cut her long blond locks, should the case warrant it. With the added flavors of religion, languages and exotic locales, these new Holmes mysteries, took my breath away. I put away my constant yen for science fiction because of these mysteries. Now the first area of the bookstore I head for is the mystery section.
Our day was calm and easy-going, filled with family visits and laughter food and a bit of baking, too.
Did any of you misread the sentence?
Isn't this the cutest old school desk? It was lovingly created by Evie at Brown Paper Packages. Isn't that a cute blog name, too? She shares the inspiration and tutorial for this garage sale makeover.
I keep trying to limit the number of projects I’m working on, but one character keeps inviting herself into my head. And she doesn’t leave.
It’s all gone, I’ll find something new
In answering the first question, it seems that the majority would prefer Harry Redknapp as his successor. The fact there has been a longing for an Englishman to be at the helm for the last 3 years coupled with the Tottenham manager’s magnificent record at White Hart Lane, make him the people’s choice.
We opted to take a few pictures and get back on the road to Cheddar.
Every morning I have to remind myself that NO, the weather is not so warm.
i thought i was ready, then it hit me that i was going to have to do math with not one kid, but TWO!
Vodicka P, Tvrdik T, Osterman-Golkar S, Vodicková L, Peterková K, Soucek P, Sarmanová J, Farmer FB, Granath F, Lambert B, Hemminki K. An evaluation of styrene genotoxicity using several biomarkers in a 3-year follow-up study of hand-lamination workers. Mutat Res 1999; 445: 205-224.
I came home one day from school and my Mother told me “You’re getting a job. You’re going to be a paper boy.” Uh….okay. What did I know? We were poor and lived in the poorer section of town. My father was a long distance truck driver, exempted from serving in the military because of his three sons being born in 1941, 1943 and 1944. Mom, at that time, was a stay-at-home Mom with her hands full taking care of three rambunctious boys. Any woman knows that three sons can be a handful. My brothers and I were no exception. We kept her busy.
RATING: 5.8/10
The Honey I washed the kids soap is a little too drying for me, the overwhelming smell took a bit to get used to but as with most of their products, it doesn’t smell as strong once you take it home with you. I want to try some of their other soap but I’m definitely going to remember to put on lotion after.
Disciplinary Rule(s) allegedly breached: Rules 1, 2, 14, 66 and 71
Batch Size: 11.00 gal into fermenter (10 gallons finished)
5. Are these the same cravings/aversions as when you were pregnant with Luke? No, I don't think so. I remember craving french toast and donuts, more pastry like foods. And I wonder why I gained almost 60 lbs!! And I don't recall any aversions.
cure the ailing soul of Zuma. He's brought in his luggage the most
In lamens terms, intellectual property is an idea come to life. It is something that is the original idea of the creator, and that the creator has put into tangible form. For the purposes of the law, intellectual property is an asset, that should be protected against unauthorized use. As a writer, your work – in addition to being your legacy – is your intellectual property. The best way to protect your work is through copyright protection.
BTW: When “Home Alone 2″ came out, Roger Ebert stated that “cartoon violence is only funny in cartoons. Most of the live-action attempts to duplicate animation have failed, because when flesh-and-blood figures hit the pavement, we can almost hear the bones crunch, and it isn’t funny.”
But most profoundly I felt this theme resonate strongly through a scene in which a customer asks Lana to change clothes (into a skin-tight leopard suit, no less). Here she tells the man not to look at her, but he does anyway as soon as her back is turned. But as we judge him for his voyeurism it dawns on us that we are also watching her undress, perpetuating this violent cycle of endless leering.
Beloved child of the universe,
Cyprus for its part has been facing severe power shortages since a disaster at a production plant last year. Following the incident, local authorities had to bring old plants back online in order to meet local needs.
“Hey!” he said to Ibis who was towering over him with a quizzical look on his face. “What are you doing to my chicken?”
I know there is some very clear bias here because this is a release that came out on my own record label but the reality is a good portion of the bands featured on this blog have done a release with me at some point so why should I exclude something I did release? Especially when it is the only release by one of my favorite bands that I experienced in the local community. Bo Coach were a band that came from my neck of the woods of eastern Long Island, the Shoreham-Wading River area to be exact and they concocted quite the racket for a few years right around the time I was getting started with Rok Lok Records and my own music projects. They played fuzzy, indie rock that could best be described as a mix between The Pixies, The Velvet Underground, Sonic Youth, and Man or Astroman. I wrote about them previously on this blog but this time I'd like to go more in depth about the band, my personal experience with the band and in particular their lone release The Mustard Tape.
As you probably know in November of 2011 I launched my 3rd book on the transition of our economy from the grips of the global financial crisis (GFC) of 2008 back to a healthy world-class economic standard of a highly evolved and capitalism driven democratic republic governed by the rule of law. I do not believe we have to as a nation give into the underlying concepts of more and bigger government to achieve this paradigm shift. I believe it does require fundamental changes in how and why we engage in public and private sector collaborative engagements.
1 1/2 cups water
I have also never been a supporter of yours or of your party, though I was certainly among the millions who celebrated after the election results last year. All of us were celebrating the end of the long, incompetent, corrupt, oppressive rule by the Left Front, even though I’m certain some millions of us were anxious as to what your tenure in power would bring.
As you probably know, we failed to raise $60,000 on Kickstarter to fund six episodes of "American Beer Blogger," the TV show I'm working on with Green Leaf Productions. It was an ambitious goal, and despite some solid support, we only raised a little over 10% of the goal. But we are not giving up. We're scaling back a bit, and there's a NEW Kickstarter out there: we're trying to raise $6,000 to do one pilot episode. We got that much before, but we had 60 days that time. Kickstarter only gives you two weeks on second chances, so we've got to push hard on this.
In honor of Marina's taco night, Joana taught me how to make flan! It's different because it has coconut and no caramel sauce because it's already pretty sweet.
Team I should go back and review: Twins. I really like the Harper card, but I bet there were a few other Twins that had just as good of a photo.
Now bob and rock and sway that space. Make it bounce, and make it slow roll. Think of every bad carnival ride you’ve ever been stuck on, add a howling wind and a few chores that require wiggling around in your seven by two, like changing sheets or sweeping a floor that never stops moving, and you’re starting to get the idea. Fourteen square feet per person or dog, gyrating, swinging, and often invaded by someone else’s space, a table corner, or a foreign object sliding menacingly into one of your body parts. Thighs and heads are as bruised in this arrangement as feet and shins. And then add a tendency towards motion sickness. You are a foreign body tightly enclosed in a vessel that feels like a spaceship launched into a windy, hostile outer space. Trying not to vomit.
So among my loot I left with one of the raincoats, in a teal colour and with a fantastic whale print lining and a great little tank top from Goodwill in pastel pink (not a colour I usually wear) with black piped seams around the neck and shoulders. Which is pretty perfect because I've been thinking lots about Diner waitresses and 1950s blouses with black piping over the past few days.
It would be so cute with a paisley stamp. I thought it would be cute in kind of a country design, so I paper pieced the chicken from Walk This Way and tied a little twine around it. The greeting is from It's Your Day.
She is quite the active little girl. Last weekend my friend and I took her up to Outhouse Orchards for some apple picking, pony and haystack rides. As you can imagine, she was more into the pony rides than anything else. And the food! I'm still thinking about their apple cider donuts. They were soo good. So much so, I'm considering go up there again this weekend.
and it's nice not to hear pelting rain on the rooftop.
Five facts:
Until yesterday.
A pinch of salt (optional)
4 – Focus – When working out concentrate on your biggest opponent… YOU, not on what others are doing.
2. OS Compatibility: A Waiting Game
My shame and guilt confounds me.
Failed stripes : No
Put another way, relative to the bottom 50%, the top 1% currently pays over 14 times as much in income taxes for each dollar earned. The president’s solution to this glaring inequity: raise taxes on the top. I may not be a mathematician, but I’m pretty sure that would make the tax inequality gap bigger, not smaller.
I stand on the roof of the kiln shed and look out across the valley to the snowy peaks beyond. Spring has come in fits and starts, the last two days were hot on the roof. The children are laughing somewhere below me as they ride their skate boards and scooters around and around the smooth concrete floor. Thirty centimetres thickness of concrete around the edge, fifteen across the centre, reinforced to support seven tonnes of kiln. Anchor bolts set in the concrete hold the wooden frame securely down. Though a builder suggested we use 90mm x 90mm timber for the frame, we could not afford new timber, and have used timber we recycled from the demolition of Mika parents house and shed, most of which is 120mm x 120mm. During the long, snowy winter Raku and I worked inside the studio, using whatever hand tools we had to cut the mortise and tenon joints.
of what has come to be known as the Adrien Zograffi cycle. This series of tales set in the waning years of the Ottoman Empire had, by the time of Istrati’s death in 1935, amassed into more than a dozen novels, and had earned Istrati accolades as one of the pioneers of modernism. The Zograffi books had even been
The SMTOWN artists appeared at the showcase in all their radiance, sitting in two neat rows on the showcase stage. SHINee sat behind their seniors at the top right corner of the seating area.
The purging has begun! I am 10 days away from a one way flight to Boston and am running around like a crazy person trying to get the house ready to list by then. There will likely be more things for sale when the actual moving day comes (after the house sells) but for now, I'm parting with stuff that won't be part of the "staged" house.
This is a very challenging situation for every American because poverty doesn’t just impact those in poverty, but the rest of our society who are called upon to support them through taxes paid to the government.
How to assist micro; small and medium entrepreneurs to grow and survive?
God Bless and encourage someone today.
All tickets $10 at the door. Parent or Guardian must accompany anyone 13 and under.
Combine the onion mixture with the tomato, artichokes, thyme, nutmeg and pepper. Add salt if necessary. My prosciutto was on the salty side, so I didn't use any additional salt.
02 - Marduk - Panzer Division Marduk
Definitely, other Gulf monarchies can hardly be called exemplary democracies. But it’s OK with the U.S. when it comes to protecting them against Iran.
While blasting to glee on my subway ride home, I pondered what the next post should be about. (Don't worry the first key date(s) are coming this weekend!) The next logical step is, I suppose, discussing how I am going to go about meeting these men for dates. L.A., you say, you need willing participants should you complete your goal by summers end. Fortunately, there are, in fact, at LEAST 25 single straight men in NYC. It's all about finding them. And unless any of my five, so far, incredible followers has a single friend to ante-up*, I suppose I'll have to go with my regular stand-bys.
Oct 17 - The Bog - Scranton, PA
At a town hall meeting in Polk County, Wisconsin earlier this year, Rep. Sean Duffy (R-WI) was asked whether he’d vote to cut his $174,000 annual salary.
Time to bleed my heart
BO XILAI waves a Chinese flag during a concert with revolutionary songs in Chongqing on June 29.
Then she went on to discuss IN GREAT DETAIL how President Kirchner is a crazy bitch. (Again, not news. Google her image, she's got crazy written all over her.) I reply with saying that I thought the prerequisite to being a President in that country is to be insane. Even though I'm agreeing with a point SHE made, it is not well received and I'm an asshole all of the sudden. (I just can't win. That's what I get for trying to participate in the discussion, I may as well shut up.) I look at my watch and realize that I'm still waiting for important family information to make itself known…. not holding my breath at this point. I've been duped. Well played, Mom.
Update: Correct prediction.
Some of the answers will be covered in our further, ongoing months of research and writing.
“Yuri Hooker, biologist Marine Coastal Unit of the National Protected Areas by the State told residents, “Having contact with the blood of these animals could be dangerous”.”
That they’ll sell our gas to any man
life, so by giving you will receive in one way or another. Help others and
Do I just need to relax? Maybe that would help. Everything will unfold as it as meant to be.
So I have been walking nearly every day, and it would seem that this is not enough to remove the jelly from my belly. Which is why, after a couple of wines at the primary school trivia night a few weeks ago, I (rather aggressively) bid for a three month stint at boot camp. And won. (Do you remember I told you?? You didn't think I'd actually do it, did you??? I don't blame you...)
With spring comes thunderstorms, tornadoes, hurricane season. These tags were inspired by the troubles after Hurricane Katrina. The Red Cross and Dogster went in together and came up with these tags. Since chips require a reader and not all readers are standardized yet, this tag is a deal in my opinion.
The significance of Moses was that he represented the Law of the Old Testament, as the law giver. The significance of Elijah, was that he was a representative of the Prophets of the OT, a man powerful in word and deed, as Jesus was. The “Law” and the “Prophets” formed the major part of the OT. They pointed to Jesus, they witnessed to the Christ, and now Jesus as the fulfilment of the Law and Prophets was present with them. There was about to be a third witness to Jesus, God the Father Himself.
I have been offered several writing opportunities in the past and normally I would have loved to attempt a shot at making money with writing. However, I have not been able to take advantage of those opportunities. I am way too busy with Sugar & Spice.
Them to. You don't have to trust me -
However, they’re INCREDIBLE.
Beyond the cattails, ash and soot cling to the pond,
What about you? What has He done for you? Small or large, He is the same God at work and He is always faithful. Link your stories below...because there are a whole bunch of people who love reading others stories of God's faithfulness.
So 13 days in and Spoil of War is still free, despite my best efforts to unfree it. On the day it went free on Amazon I immediately repriced it on Smashwords, who distributes to Apple, expecting Apple to reprice the book within 2-3 days and Amazon to stop the free price-match by Day 5 or 6 at the latest. Apple still has it listed for free.
Gee whiz. I wonder if Obama will come out or not. He could of course avoid taking a "position" simply giving Andrew Sullivan one hot evening in the Lincoln Bedroom and leaking the photographs to Blueboy.com, but some things are just too revolting to evolve into. Vanderleun then stuck up an old post in which he pretended to be cool with gay marriage ("can't we take a step back and draw a deep breath, smell the winds of change and admit that Gay Marriage is a done deal?"), while describing himself (quite unnecessarily) as "compulsively heterosexual."
and hoping that I will come up for air
by Nathaniel Benchley (Author) and Arnold Lobel (Illustrator)
Her mother straightened her posture some and said, “My, what’s gotten into you?”
By the time the invigorating coffee had been downed, he had strengthened his resolve. He wasn't going to turn around. His mother had been ailing as of late and she had pleaded with him to come home. She'd told him that it might be his last chance to see her before ... His thoughts trailed off and a lump formed in his throat.
Rum and tonics have been my drink of choice for relaxing at home this spring. They are unusual enough to feel exciting, but made from ingredients I already have around the house – no special ingredients needed.
I tried to take the blow and learn my lesson, and walked with my head a little low for the next few days, reminding myself that it wasn't a big deal to lose one, even though it was almost 10 years ago that I bought them, and that I should have taken better care of them in the first place. I tried to reassure myself of the position of these earrings in the greater scheme of things these days (I mean, I just brought a child into this world after all) and even thought about turning the remaining earring into a pendant.
i’ll always be here..
I have enjoyed every single week of this link party.
Wait, don't answer that.
I made a big decision this weekend and joined my local YMCA. I did it for a number of reasons, one of which was to tone this new body I am creating. I have a treadmill at home and some girlie weights but I was getting bored. I used to do weight training years ago and knew I’d get more motivated in a gym atmosphere.
The situation looked hopeless. A bead of sweat rolled down her forehead, her mind raced with thoughts of home and – bizarrely – Animal Hospital, and her knees shook (although the rest of her legs stayed perfectly still). Reluctantly she closed her eyes and attempted to remain calm in the face of her impending doom…
We also want to get different breeds. Having different birds adds to the spice of chicken owning. Not only are they great to look at but you should see the eggs you get from our exotic birds, every morning is like having our own private Easter egg hunt. We find large and small green, blue, white, brown, band-aid brown, and blue-green eggs.
Last night April and I were coming to terms with the loss of our 18 month old cat, Jess. He had been missing since lunchtime the day before (Sunday) and while we know that isn’t a terribly long time for a cat, we had a feeling this was the last we had seen of him. We started talking about how we could tell Savannah this. She got Jess as a birthday present the year before and though she hadn’t quite connected with him (or perhaps it was the other way around!), he was a part of her life. She talked about him and prayed for him every night in her prayers.
4 cups roughly chopped assorted fresh mushrooms (about 1 pound)
Since his arrival, we have been 100 mph ever since! With a 3 year old in the mix, things have been quite complicated I won't lie. She is a busy one!! But she loves her brother....She constantly gives him his bottle, asks to hold him, kisses his forehead and wants to help me change his diaper. Really she has been much more mature about things than I had anticipated, so no complaining here!
I had to wake up bright and early on THURSDAY as it was a three-venue day. At 9am, I arrived at ST PATRICK’S COLLEGE in Stockton to cut the yellow ribbon and open SPARC, the new library & resource centre that Mrs Bellwood the Librarian had worked so hard over the summer getting ready. Some of the Yr 7 pupils were there and I read a quick extract from Mouse and was presented with a huge bouquet of flowers. What a nice surprise and almsot as nice was hearing the news that A Boy Called MOUSE would be one of the Library Reading Group titles later this term. Wonder what they’ll think of my book?
In any case, as I made it home at the very steady pace of nearly 10 minute miles, I felt good.
3) Combine all the dry ingredients in a mixing bowl and stir well to mix
Sharing dreams, passions, and desires
Our top 5 for this month who will also be receiving their winners badge by email shortly were:
— Opening line to Karl Marx’s The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte (1869)
Now, here's the weird thing. The answer seems to be...less options!
Polish my writing pieces from my trip to send to friends and post on blog.
On April 7, 2009, John and I celebrated our 19th anniversary with a cruise to the Bahamas. We’d wanted to go to Nassau on our honeymoon, but back then, we were just kids. John was a 23-year-old furniture delivery guy, and I was an 18-year-old single mom. …We still had dreams, and as the years passed, we kept those dreams alive.
Oh Maa-a-acy! Yi there hen?
29. Your father must be an alien, because there’s nothing else like you on earth!
Which brings us to this blog.
Across the Vltava River from downtown Prague, Czech Republic, (where there is no shortage of opportunities for western dining, including a TGIF's and nearly a dozen McDonald's) is a nice public park called Letenske Sady. It was in that park one beautiful day on an unknown date that the Google Street View camera came across the scene of an innocent childhood game amongst some girls.
The ONLY way you can make the customer feel this way is by becoming the very best at what you do!
The Mayan’s are saying,
I knew something was up. Being that we drink, and there is alcohol in the house, and Bryson smokes, we decided it was time to take inventory and start counting/marking the bottles inconspicuously before bed. The first day Bryson woke up and everything was accounted for. he went to work and I left Destin and a friend at home while I ran some errands with the girls. When I came home the boys were gone and I decided I better check again. One beer was missing. I was furious. I called over to the friends and they were there. I told Destin I was coming for him immediately and that he better be able to tell me where the missing beer was by the time I got there.
"How ironic. Mine is Cheetos."
The catalog of awards typically appears in March, with applications due August 1.
One of the nicest Christmas presents I ever received was just last year. It was from Shirley, Ian and Frances. Beneath the Christmas paper was a shoebox and within the shoebox a smaller parcel and so on until I got down to a homemade cardboard camera - Frances has always been creative like that. I looked at it in puzzlement and had to be told to take the back off this fake camera. Inside there was a large wodge of crinkly banknotes. I was still baffled.
All this blogging, Facebooking, Twittering, Linkedinning, Diggiting and other more arcane forms of apparently essential author-profile-building - gah, it's amazing we have time to write at all any more! Of course, if you do none of this you are either a) feeling guilty / inadequate b) that and paranoid that every other author must be becoming better known, better connected and therefore obviously more successful than you or c) being rampantly Luddite and proud of your organic writing life and acquired technophobia.
So, I thought I would share some pictures of this year's decorations.
Devour winning stories, work out why they’ve done well. Look at the few chapters of yours that agent didn’t like, and be objective. Do they really stand out from the hundreds of others on the pile that day?
Heart is love.
..most of it being the great photos my hubby takes...
One last point. The Fed’s quantitative easing is not an explicit monetization of U.S. government debt to make up for a loss of confidence by the markets. A de facto monetization of the deficit or a “helicopter drop” of money? Probably. But comparing what the Fed is doing and has done to the situation the ECB currently finds itself in is complete nonsense, in our opinion.
Die Hard.
Of convicted terrorists in Britain about 27 of 87 were trained or sought training in Pakistan or Afghanistan, Eighteen had terrorist training in Britain. Despite this, Labour’s “open door” immigration policy knowingly risked allowing dangerous people to settle in Britain unchecked, The Sunday Times reported on 8 November after secret documents were leaked. The evidence had been illegally withheld by the Home Office for four years.
Many casting directors like to hand pick the look of their background actors, this is where we come in the picture. We help you get auditions in TV, movies and film by allowing casting directors direct access to you for auditions in their project.
1 onion, diced medium
"You ok there?" I asked.
At a young age I started a love affair with dog tags. The best I can guess is I love their simplicity while also their functionality. They are also very versatile, too. I know many military workers who feel insulted by non-military people having military inspired clothing (dog tags, camo, boots) but in my opinion, it is fair game and very cool to wear. I don't mean that as an insult to military personnel- MANY of my friends and their families are in the military- but I love dog tags and I will continue to wear them.
I wish I knew how Jon was feeling. He hasn't really shown any emotion since the funeral. I don't even begin to know how to take that. I'm the only one that gets upset and breaks down... It's almost as though, after the funeral, Jon just put it all in a box and forgot about it. I wish I could do that. Mostly, I just wish I knew how he was feeling. I try to ask but don't really get anything out of him.
The man certainly disobeyed Jesus’ command. “He blatantly disregarded the injunction to silence, and assumed the posture of a missionary, declaring publicly over an extended area what he has experienced from Jesus.”[13] You may think: “But this was a noble thing.” In a scale of which sins God hates the most, certainly this would not be on top of the list, but a sin is a sin, no matter how well-intentioned it may be. So why was the man healed of leprosy told not to speak about what happened? The answer in verse 45 is that “Jesus’ ministry is hampered/hindered because he was no longer able to enter any town without encountering people ready to throng and thrust themselves into the leper healer. Remember that Jesus said preaching the kingdom was why he came. But there is a subtle, but profound teaching in this passage for us to grasp. Jesus touches the leper, and then as a result of the leper’s disobedience to His command, ends up suffering the fate of the leper. What was the fate of the leper? His fate was to remain far from the people; in a form of exile. What happens to Jesus after the leper’s disobedience? “Jesus must now remain in unpopular areas and never publicly enter cities. Though he is clean he suffers as if unclean because he touched one who was unclean and made him clean. What does this mean? It means that this is a vivid picture of Jesus suffering under the curse that those who deserved the curse might experience a blessing.”[14] The wilderness is a curse and a place of testing, but our Lord became a curse for us, and was tested for us, that we might not be doomed.
Brownstoner is reporting that the appropriate Community Board 6 committee approved a liquor license for Barclays Center and then gave a thumbs-down to Kemistry Lounge, a nearby bar.
The Beach Blanket Blowout beat of "Mess Around", a not so cautionary tale of boy telling girl she better behave while he's gone or there will be trouble, kicks this 5 song EP with a hip moving beat, splattery guitar twang, maniacal laughs and more sing along "YEAH! YEAH! YEAH!"'s than I thought was even allowed anymore.
When thinking of historic sites, the mental picture is usually one of an old historic building, perhaps colonial, Victorian, or early 19th century.
The new PSS DT has been split into two groups in order to share more amazing creations for these challenges. Each group is listed below:
3. My baby bump is growing but not that big. Baby is healthy and growing according to the estimated age of gestation.
Vague words like "something"; unnecessarily mean or spiteful characters (i.e. unrelated to plot); repetition; spelling and punctuation mistakes; using text as an opportunity to voice adult concerns or opinions irrelevant to the children at play in the story.
Either way, I put my foot right in front of it to find out what he would do.
After the controversial news broke last week that the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) had destroyed at least nine seemingly healthy cherry trees the Queens Borough President's office requested that the atrium portion of the project be halted.
Directive 89/104 (the ‘Trade Marks Directive’) and Regulation No 40/94 (the ‘Trade Marks Regulation’) were repealed and replaced by Directive 2008/95 and Council Regulation 207/2009. However, by virtue of the material dates in this dispute, it continues to be governed by the Trade Marks Directive and the Trade Marks Regulation.
Suddenly, it was okay to be smart. It was cool to quote scifi movies. It was fun to spend a Saturday in a Buffy marathon.
I love asparagus – it helps with bloating – which is a problem I have. I also love chickpeas, they’re great protein. The two together in this salad are delicious. Work with what you have, add any extra ingredients that you like and have in your fridge. Salads are always very versatile. Make a little extra, hold the dressing and you can pack it for your lunch the next day!
Now, fortunately Harry’s class clown reputation preceded him and I managed to get the Supervisor to see reason. Harry then complained about my choice of parking position, and pointed out I must be a baby for liking kid toys like the ball in the back seat of my car. I responded, falsely, by saying the ball was going to be a gift for him but as he clearly didn’t like it I would just keep it for myself. I then spent rest of the car trip taking every red light as an opportunity to pivot in my seat and belt out Roxette tunes into his face, much to his squirming dismay.
I need to confess something about eggs; while I love them dearly, and really, think that it is one food item that I will never give up eating, I have been rather stubbornly affixed to only consuming them when cooked good and solid. I’ve had an aversion to the soft yolk ways for as long as I can recall, and I simply can’t say why. I don’t care for them scrambled either, and no matter how well they’re scrambled, so soft and pillowy and silky smooth, I just won’t eat them. I think it must be the texture. As I’ve grown and watched my food tastes change, the one aspect of it that I’ve noticed is that formerly despised foods were all about texture over flavor. Still, as I can now manage mushrooms, squash, tomato, avocado and a host of other goodies that were once verboten on my table, I draw the line at scrambled eggs. Still, the fact that I just knew this roasted rutabaga dish required a poached egg, that I then went ahead and made, beautifully, is huge growth for this egg lover. And I may never look back again.
1. Marinate the tuna putting all the ingredients in a plastic bag or container. Let it sit for at least thirty minutes.
Blue Jay 126
Students who have enrolled in Peer Helping 701 next year are reminded to give their reference forms to staff. Also interview sheet is posted on the resource room door.
1 flick
yang - and to feel cared for and looked after. If I am unwilling to
I often receive coin purse as gifts from friends, and these are my favorites. I have this weird habit to carry four small coin purses with me when I travel overseas, instead of just one big wallet: one to keep my credit cards, one for local currencies, one for Indonesian currency, and one for USD. Weird? Maybe, but it's effective. For me, that is.
If I wanted to be cruel with this review I could use the term slut, as it kept coming to mind throughout this entire movie. Oh and I don’t mean Anna Faris’s character but instead I mean Chris Evans’s character of Colin Shea. He is a total slut and a reprehensible character that we are asked to looked beyond the pig and see the kind soul deep within. Not only that; but Ally’s (Faris) dilemma is such a non-issue you I just was wondering why I was supposed to be cheering for her. You’ve slept with 20 guys, it isn’t that bad, and especially when it’s hinted Colin is in the hundreds. I think what makes me angry about this movie is what a waste of Faris and Evans talent it is. I think both of these actors are great and Chris Evans has really shown diversity with
Ultimately I believe The Voice is a step in the right direction for reality talent shows and it has my full support, but in my mind there will only be one winner, and that is whoever decides to tread in the strangely big footsteps of Fergie and let Mr I.Am make them millions.
On the market - Criminally rare. Decent local coverage but drinkers everywhere deserve access to this brew. Fortunately, someone invented the internet for just such a purpose - so try Ales By Mail.
so as I look at the colors of spring I think austin of how my life has changed . yet in the changes there’s no there’s newness that seems familiar . I like the simplicity of my life these days . thank you lord for what you’ve done in my life and for what you’re doing now .
Step 3: After the 2-4 hours, stir the starter and discard half again. Add another 1/2 cup warm water and 1 cup flour. Cover the bowl with the dish cloth again and let sit 2-4 hours longer. The starter should be bubbly, though not as bubbly as it was when you first started.
Stay safe.
So anyway, excuses, excuses. I have a belly. Let your imagination wander. I'll take a picture soon.
I Stretched Out My Hands (Solomon’s Ode #37)-arranged by John Andrew Schreiner. Found on The Odes Project album The Odes of Solomon Volume 1.
TO PLAY leave your comment here, I moderate comment so no one can cheat and I can tally it all up! :) Thanks
He smiled then, one finger, then two, three, four, his mouth stretching to five fingers then six then seven then eight..
To his great fortune and misfortunate, IS Academy is filled with young girls his age who immediately know who he is thanks to all the attention he received from the media. On top of that, Ichika also finds out that his attractive childhood friend, Houki Shinonono, who he hasn’t seen for several years, is in the same classroom as him. Yes, all the attention he gets from all the girls is nice and even the busty homeroom teacher’s assistant is cute but it’s hard to enjoy a moment’s peace when your no-nonsense big sister is the homeroom teacher. Unlike her brother, Chifuyu Orimura, is a serious person who also happens to be something of a celebrity seeing as she dominated the IS world tournament.
LT: Paul Savage has a fantastic roster of production credits, from his Delgados work, Franz Ferdinand and the latest album with his name on it is probably Human After All by Malcolm Middleton. Is he someone special to work with, or is it a collaborative thing, a like minded individual?
BB2 – 4.5 million (average)
- 3-4 fenugreek seeds (methis)
The application of this text, as with many others, must be personal and by the direction of the Holy Spirit. Typically we have no insight into the hearts and motivations of others. Suppose you come across someone loudly praying on a street corner. Do Jesus’ words above apply? You cannot tell. Jesus, for example, prayed in public (John 11:41, 42). Daniel was in a situation where it would have been wrong to pray in secret (Daniel 6:10). The one who retires into a secret place each day to pray may still have a hypocritical heart—he prays in secret and somehow lets everyone know he prays in secret.
change his name to: The Child Formerly Known as Michael Jackson’s Baby
on some crazy modern rite of passage
He spends a long time on it, the suit is still powered by his magnetic heart, placing him in a unique position to use the suit. That is the Iron Man, as far I a understand it. But then again, I have not read the comics… Now we are fast approaching the part of the story that kills it for me.
Growth… is a means to better lives for all, generating not only higher incomes and possibilities for more personal consumption but also making room for the consumption of public improvements that benefit us all – and atmosphere less polluted by carbon, good schools, better health care. Rapid growth also smooths the way toward the basic bargain: When the economy is growing nicely, the wealthy more easily accept a smaller share of the gains because they can still come out ahead of where they were before. Simultaneously, when everyone else enjoys a larger share, they more willingly pay taxes to support public improvements. It’s a virtuous cycle.
Can an angry woman get ahead? (- This study is a personal favorite, as it shows what happens to us when we fail to follow our gender’s stereotype. In summation, when a woman acts angry, or a man acts sad for that matter, they are seen as less competent, less employable, and deserving of a smaller salary than an angry male. The question once again is, what is causing this? Dissonance!!!! (see the pattern yet?)
- Rare Coptic hymn and not very well known
I took a loaf of french bread and sliced it into 2 inch pieces. I got 9 pieces out of the loaf, not including the ends. I then cut a deep slit across the middle of each piece which served as the pocket for the filling.
Enter the Ratner candidate?
I've wanted to take a class with Hadar for a long time and I don't want to miss out on it. Wish me luck and let's hope I'm not the class dum-dum!
- Connect with other people who have gone through your situation. Become familiar with the various stages of healing. Look for support from those who know the lay of the land. Don’t isolate yourself.
And military title capital
The research was published Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. For this study, the researchers fed pregnant rhesus macaques a piece of fruit containing BPA every day during their third trimester of pregnancy. The monkeys’ blood levels of BPA reached about the average level that BPA has been observed in human blood in the United States. (it has been shown in girls and the developing fetus for many years according to Tom Mower Sisel R&D director. After female offspring of these BPA-exposed monkeys were born, the researchers looked at their mammary glands. They found changes in the glands that give rise to dense tissue – something that in humans is a risk factor for breast cancer, Hunt said.
That's me for tonight. We're off on a day trip tomorrow, setting off early to get the best of the day - the forecast is good.
Kohlrabi
5 Park Plaza, Suite 1900
I actually had to think about whether to send this or not.....it's pretty
Who and what is he dreaming about? I wonder.
As far as advertising and marketing, direct marketing generates over 4 billion, mail order rates are over 500 million in total annual revenues, teleshopping is also big in Spain, teleshopping is similar to the home shopping network here in the U.S. But surprisingly Street vendors make up almost 7 percent of retail revenue in Spain. In Spain suppliers tend to favor street vendors because they pay in cash. Now with times changing overall Spain is very receptive to visual advertising (internet, T.V).
Pediped shoe advertisements, Law and Order Criminal Intent, and are sold in local upscale boutiques and internationally.
For those of you like me who shop online....make sure you check out these deals:
“Fairview and Maple Avenue continues to be the top intersection for collisions in the city although we have seen the number of collisions there decrease over the last few years,” Day noted.
Afterwards the head of the Constitutional Court handed Putin attributes of power and declared that a new president had been sworn into office. This was followed by the national anthem of the Russian Federation and the presidential standard was raised above the residence in the Kremlin. Vladimir Putin will then read the inaugural address.
11. BLT’s are deadly:
The presenter talks about the band’s successful exploitation of the internet in getting their name and their music heard, although he says they are not a typical “internet band”. The band was chosen for inclusion in the 20-minute programme of five acts by Sophian Fanen, Libération music critic.
In a food processor combine the flours, sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, and salt, pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. If you don't have a food processor whisk together the flour, sugar and salt and cut in the butter until it resembles coarse crumbs. Reserve 2 cups of the crumb mixture, and place the remaining crumb mixture in a medium mixing bowl.
But last week my family became substantially larger.
Forest Swords
Have to admit and acknowledge this particular trait, which is both good and bad – I can be quite opinionated at times. Plus, I generally don’t have this “Respect of authority” attitude and mentality so common among village folk. It isn’t really “arrogance” – just a simple “I don’t really care who you are… My respect for you is dependent on how I think you respect me.”
six weeks later, (the friday before mother's day) we returned for our ultrasound and we also had a record of justin's cath volumes for each cath one week prior to the appointment. his volumes were EVERYWHERE - anywhere from 50-300mL. they weren't consistent by any means. we knew this wasn't good, but we didn't know what to expect. after our ultrasound, we met with dr. banihani. the first thing he asked when he got into the room was, "has justin had any surgeries other than his shunt?"...meaning, neurosurgically (if that's a word). we said, "just his closure." he said, "okay. i think justin has tethered cord." i said, "really?!" but in a tone of like.... "you're kidding me, right?" he walked out of the room to get the record i had brought of justin's volumes and mama bear burst into tears. he explained that justin's numbers were way too high and random and this is a sign of tethered cord. he went through some of the questions we had and said he'd called neurosurgery to find out if they wanted to see justin. we left urology that day with fear and disappointment. we are now cathing justin 5 times a day and overnight. we're continuing with the ditropan (still a nightmare). and, justin's kidneys looked fine... it's just his "make" that one is bigger than the other. no biggie, as long as there are no changes.
So, I am considering taking on a "virtual" intern or two. What would this mean? Well, for starters, you wouldn't have to come into the office. But you would need some kind of set hours, so that I would know when I could reach you and so that we could do some Skype interaction. I'm a firm believer that interns are not just free labor. I have to put time into the internship also and use that time to teach you something about the publishing business. But not computers, okay?
Four Places You Would Rather Be
Why is this at all important or newsworthy, you ask? Well, it shows that Amtrak – like many other companies – is becoming increasingly tight with federal agencies working under DHS.
by some amazing formula
All the beers served were keg, but so what? They were all in tip top condition and tasted on top form. Of the beers that I tried, some were outstanding and deserve special mention.
There’s a penthouse in Mexico that’s got a lot of people talking. Not because of the big living room, or the awesome view from the patio. It’s the view from the restroom that’s making headlines.
Looks like MyGlam took some advice from their ever so forgiving customers and brought us a bag worth a little more than 2 sample packets! I am not a fan of the actual bag itself, it is a metallic pink which reminds me of the 80s or early 90s but I am typically never a fan of the actual bag. They're just cheesy to me!
It looks like Wednesdays in France is about to become Everyday in France as we pack our bags and take the Thursday flight out for Paris. We arrive on May 4 and booked in for Sue's 60th Birthday at a small restaurant next to the Shakespeare and Company bookshop overlooking the Seine and Notre Dame. It will be a thrill to share with my Daughter and our Son, the Paris we have enjoyed from past trips.
you get on my nerves
Cut pitas into wedges and place on a parchment lined baking sheet. Ensure sheet is large enough to spread pitas in a single layer. Lightly brush one side of bread with olive oil and sprinkle with spices. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes until desired crispness is reached. Let cool slightly before serving.
and the defiant teenage girl had grown from cocky teenager, to sad young woman, living in a shell......
They're connected by a very thin thread. But a lot of things are.
And here’s George with a guest post on Sci-Fi Artwork:
We like to go to Applebees on Wednesday nights when I get off of work because they have their 2 for $20 (two entrees and an appetizer for $20) plus they also have 99 cent kids' meals (limit of four meals per adult entree) so we often get the 2 for $20 plus 8 kids' meals (two for each of our kids - they eat one right away and then save the other one for dinner for the following night). All together, our meal ends up around $28.00-$30.00 before tax and tip. But now, with Hubby's discount, it will end up being $22.00 before tax and tip. Our Wednesday/Thursday dinner will only run around $30.00 total. Which is still quite a bit, but overall, totally do-able on our budget. And that's TWO nights of meals for everyone. (Hubby and I almost always have leftovers as well) $15.00 per night divided by 6 people equals just a little over $2.00 per person. Not too shabby, in my opinion. And that is based on the lowest discount available to Hubby.
and another thing.
we were anxious to see if we were right.
Born Betty Mabry in North Carolina, Davis grew up in Pittsburgh and had decamped to New York by the early '60s, where she gained entrance into hipster musical circles courtesy of the clubs she frequented -- and one she worked at, the Cellar. She first recorded around that time, and also put out a 1964 single for Don Costa's DCP imprint. Her first major writing credit, "Uptown" by the Chambers Brothers, came in 1967, before she'd turned 20. One year later, she met Miles Davis in New York, and they were married by the end of summer 1968. Though their marriage didn't survive the end of the decade, Betty Davis was tremendously influential to Miles, introducing him to psychedelic rock and even influencing his wardrobe. Miles' 1968 LP Filles de Kilimanjaro featured her on the cover, and he wrote the final track ("Mademoiselle Mabry") for her.
Step 5: Next I start putting my photos in the photo sleeves ~ probably one of the most important steps in my process! I like to mix up the sizes and styles of the page sleeves. I also through in some 12x12 pages & I add notes in pockets of things I want to journal when I get to that page. Don't get discouraged, this part can be time consuming ~ but it's worth it because it makes the next part so much easier!
P.S. My toilet is even closer to the shower ;).
I’m guessing – hoping that he is still building up to October and so the expectations are still low but with the money involved, the attacking form the Rove and Romney camps, this will be an election unlike anything we have ever seen.
difference like ego counts.
_________________________________________________________________________________
And I credit that awesome pool with helping me to relax that last little bit and take me into the final stretch of transition, because then things became Unmanageable. I'll be honest, I kind of lost it. I vocalized through some, swore through others, and pleaded/cried through the rest. A few I swear I had an out-of-body experience that made me stare at a spot on the wall and I think I believed that I was, in fact, dying. I did get rechecked at 2pm and was 7cm and now +1 station! Progress!
“I remember how, a long time ago, a young Orthodox priest swore to me that, well, other people say that this is only a symbol of transformation, but I, he said, — really trust that I eat the meat of the body of Jesus and drink His blood!…
I just want you to know, my goal isn’t trying to change you, whether it’s from your faith to your health. Both things have also been a learning process for me as well. Each and every day, it’s something new. Something I’ve learned about a Biblical story which I was either oblivious of before or just didn’t know.
Out loud they say, “Israelis are no good!”
Harry Christophers (conductor)
But they're wrong.
I'm glad MSM reporters are digging deeper into the Forensic Science Commission and problems at state crime labs. Unfortunately, the FSC as presently constituted is ill-equipped to investigate such complaints, much less rectify the problems they find.
1T soy sauce, 1t sugar, 1t chopped garlic, 1t sesame oil
And even if I'm there, they'll all imply
Beer Log: this past Saturday
Despite cattle, lots of mud and a little rain, I had a great time and can’t wait for the next walk! There wasn’t much to see (as I said, it was mostly just fields) but here are a few pictures!
The best question you can ask yourself when you are looking for Ideas is,
those eyes,
There is the imposter of Passion. Easy to achieve. In fact, “achievement” is an odd term to use in this context, since “to achieve” suggests some degree of effort. But for most love flings, the Passion is so spontaneous and effortless that it is hardly an achievement.
First of all, welcome to all my new blog visitors! If you are here because of my freshly Fresh Pressed post, I’d like to mention that that’s one of many that I’ve been posting as a travel journal of a trip my husband and I recently took to Europe, visiting Paris and watching my brother skate in the speed skating World Single Distance Championships. If you’d like to read more about our trip, the travel journal starts at “Spring Vacation” on my Archives page.
Use these links here to monitor radiation detection .. so far.. no large spikes in radiation showing on the network — blackcatsystems strangely absent of any readings in the PNW.
(1) The Mega-bucks Mailer
*The following tips worked for me, but may not work for all. Make sure to pay close attention to your body and the demands you place upon it as you embark on a journey such as this! I encourage you to take what you need from this list and eat (use) what you take!
*The invocation may even be repeated several times if the fraction is prolonged. Only the final time, however, is grant us peace said.
While in Vegas this past weekend, I spent some time analyzing the scenery for one of my WIPs that takes place there:
