As a kid, I dreamed of having a telephone that was plugged into my family's TV and would let me ring up whoever I was watching. With this special phone, I could reach my favorite TV stars, introduce myself and talk to them about their shows.
PERSON - MPRISK: Missing person at risk
Until May 15 at the Pacific-10 Championships at Berkeley, Calif., Blood never had run a competitive 10,000. She entered it there to do what she could for the team. Surprise, she won.
Heggie's score is cast almost entirely in a mournful minor key, with a handful of recognizable melodic motifs set to waltz rhythms. The effect is weepy but arresting; it manipulates the listener's emotions so skillfully you almost don't mind.
Carrasco needs more than a pep talk. If he can't show some composure after a self-inflicted calamity in July, what good is he going to be when something goes wrong down the stretch?
Is there a possibility there could be some inaccuracies? Of course. That’s always the case with news stories. But the notion that this was made up out of thin air? Not buying it.
Pour together; garnish with a lemon, lime and strawberries.
Paul scored 12 of his 28 points in the fourth quarter and added 13 assists to steer the Clippers to their third consecutive win and 11th in their last 13 games.
One of Mary's friends left this note on Mary's Facebook page the next night:
Nevada Union 20 27 24 10  81
The attack underscored afresh the vulnerability of the supposedly tightly secure Afghan capital to insurgent attacks aimed at embarrassing the government and its Western backers and sowing uncertainty among ordinary Afghans about the country's stability as U.S.-led combat forces withdraw. It served as a sharp counterpoint to Obama's comments that "over the last three years, the tide has turned" in the battle against the Taliban and their allies.
But much more was involved.
"It's a little over-the-top," Kennedy said. "But there had to be one room dedicated completely to Liberace."
But Stronach pledged Monday to hold races at the two thoroughbred tracks next year on a schedule similar to this year's — a combined 146 racing days. The Bowie training center, however, would still close. Saying he doesn't believe in making "rash decisions," Stronach told The Sun that he would work to strike a deal with the horsemen and state officials to save Laurel and Pimlico.
What are some of the weaknesses and some of the strengths of the Howard system?
It is "not really a bold vision in any way," said Emily Harris of Californians United for a Responsible Budget, which opposes heavy prison spending.
But the lead was short-lived, as the Tigers responded with three runs in the bottom half of the fourth.
The show will be staged at the Lowndes Shakespeare Center, 812 E. Rollins St., Orlando. Tickets are $15. For more information, go to PlayTheMoment.com.
If you must use convenience foods, make them healthier.
Money burst onto the music scene in the 1970s with his double-platinum debut album, Eddie Money, which featured the hits “Baby Hold On” and “Two Tickets to Paradise.”
Diamond received the Italian-American Brotherhood Club Award in 2005 during a dinner that featured Dimora and Bishop Anthony Pilla. Diamond, the first non-Italian to receive this award, was honored for his longtime support of the Italian-American Brotherhood College Scholarship Fund. Diamond has a long record in the community for his charity work.
the Medicaid contract; $5,000 on June 21 of last year, the day before Larsen resigned her state position to take a job with SynCare; and another $20,000 on June 26.
GEAUGA COUNTY EDUCATIONAL SERVICE CENTER
Colby Rasmus, bunting for a hit, moved Brown to third on a play which offically was deemed a sacrifice. But Brown held third on Tony Cruz's grounder to the third baseman. Daniel Descalso was walked intentionally and then McClellan struck out.
He said the law is especially important in New Jersey, with its dense population and heavily traveled roads. "Road rage happens against me when I’m driving around and I’m in two big black Suburbans with lights on them," he said.
Protein or fruit bars
"He is hands on. He is a man of the people," said Luis Machuca, chief executive of Kryptiq Corp., on whose board Bryant serves. Machuca, who worked with Bryant at Intel, said Intel's new chairman has a knack for seeing beyond the numbers.
"Their interest in a location is tied to industries that need their graduates," Stokes said. "We have an advantage - a large industrial area with the GM plant and other businesses. They are looking for skilled labor. Ranken is looking to fill that demand."
Commissioner of Education Chris L. Nicastro today announced plans for soliciting public input on Missouri's grant proposal for "Race to the Top" funds, a $4 billion federal initiative intended to stimulate education reform across the country.
JANUARY 2011
After the recession was in full swing, managers complained about trying to make a living flipping hamburgers, and the firms for which they flipped the hamburgers tried to reclassify that task as manufacturing to mask that many manufacturing jobs went overseas.
But in the last 6:30 of the game Oklahoma State (10-10, 3-4) outscored MU 26-12. On their best shooting night of the season, the Cowboys made nine of their last 10 field goals and MU missed eight of its last 12.
It's a significant question because proponents of shale gas development using the controversial practice of high-volume hydraulic fracturing argue that natural gas is a cleaner-burning "bridge fuel" from the age of coal to an era of wind, solar and other sustainable energy sources.
Cheatham said the new LED light bulbs will also be better because they are not temperature sensitive, they're shock resistant and they are not damaged by "cycling," or turning them on and off.
Want more proof that negative campaigning is out of control?
Simons has had a quirky career. After moving from furniture to menswear in 1995, he then took a sabbatical and ended up as a professor of the fashion department at the University of Applied Arts in Vienna, from 2000 until 2005. His menswear label mixed a rebellious touch with precision.
Those issues, city officials say, are supposed to be resolved during the pre-development phase or in the definitive contracts among all the partners.
The New York company with significant operations in New Jersey narrowed its research focus and reorganized its business units last fall. Looming patent expirations threaten to wipe out much of Pfizer's revenue.
Athletic bio: Volleyball co-captain (two years) ... soccer team co-captain ... top 15 in STLhighschoolsports.com's kills average leaders ... all-state volleyball honorable mention (2011) ... three all-tournament volleyball team selections ... two all-tournament soccer team selections ... finished fourth at state in volleyball.
The law's detractors say the government has exceeded its constitutional powers by ordering private citizens to purchase insurance. In testimony before the House Judiciary Committee, Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli II likened it to "a national police power." Cuccinelli, a Republican, is lead plaintiff in a case working its way through the federal courts.
MORE INFO: 1-(520) 387-6849 or on the Web.
Putin seemed stunned by the sudden outburst of discontent, but he quickly fought back. He portrayed the protest leaders as in the pay of the Americans and intent on bringing about a revolution that would take Russia back to the instability and humiliations of the 1990s. With Kremlin-controlled TV still the main source of information for most Russians, many believed him.
Zaitoon is the Arabic word for olive, and Hage insists only the best olive oil can create a successful Middle Eastern dish. The perpetually cheerful 63-year-old cooks, bakes, mans the counter, cashiers and packs up take-out orders all day long. This one-woman band comes from a little village north of Beirut and arrived in the U.S. in 1974 with her husband Jim to join her sister, who had already settled in North Brunswick. After years as hospital food workers, she and her husband bought a lunch truck and parked it on College Avenue in New Brunswick, at the edge of the Rutgers University campus. They were a hit for six years, she says, using her mother's and grandmother's traditional Lebanese recipes, like kibbi (minced lamb and bulghur wheat), stuffed grape leaves and falafel.
Amy Waldman
The quest for objectivity in news coverage, in practice and particularly in perception gets a lot of our attention at The Plain Dealer -- especially around election time, when so many people are attuned to nuances of bias.
There is heartbreak in the film. It's February 2010, and Van is so disillusioned she has quit the sport. A year earlier she won the first women's ski competition at the nordic world championships.
The spinoff also led to greater corporate expenses, which rose to $113 million, from $47 million a year ago.
Sometimes, it hurts the wall as much as the guy running into it.
Other long-haul commuters include residents in Hunterdon, Monmouth, Hudson, Middlesex, Ocean, Somerset and Essex counties, who all spend more than an hour commuting, round trip, the survey's estimates show.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. -- Samardo Samuels strolled onto the court at the Target Center for Friday morning's shootaround, happy to be back with the team for tonight's game against Minnesota after missing Wednesday's loss at Toronto because of passport and visa issues.
Just over half the electorate in both states said they were very worried about the economy, according to the exit polls -- percentages almost identical to a year ago. But last year, Obama carried those voters by 59 percent to 40 percent in Virginia and by 61 percent to 38 percent in New Jersey. On Tuesday, McDonnell won three in four of those voters, while Christie won about three in five.
1996: 14-11
That bill contains many provisions that will make good ol' boys want to take off their camouflage caps and salute the American flag.
10:30 update: Kasten says the stadium will be getting a facelift. That fans will have more access to batting practice and player autographs. That players will occasionally greet fans at the front gate in full uniform. That there was one reason the ownership group was willing to bid $2 billion for the team: "Because it's the Dodgers."
A second-round pick out of Illinois last year, Leshoure is the second Lions player to be charged with a marijuana-related offense this off-season.
In terms of advancing the season's storylines, the episode nicely addressed issues that have been clearly simmering: Roger and Jane's sputtering marriage; Peggy's determination to become a figure of Don Draper-like authority and creative boldness, bumping up against the reality of her sometimes not-so-great ideas and how male clients relate to a woman, as opposed to a man, delivering tough love; and Megan's perceptible desire to get more involved with work clashing with Don's image of her as his well-accessorized adjunct, the pretty wife who gets along with everybody, and is there to help him belatedly enjoy the pleasures of monogamy.
The examination will delve into the Mosquito and Vector Control District's finances and﻿ procedures, and sets into motion a process that could end with a reorganization of the agency. The board of the San Mateo Local Agency Formation Commission, which has jurisdiction over such entities as the district and will carry out the audit, OK'd it by a 8-0 vote.
"There are important issues of governance here we are trying to uphold, but there's also important work to be done by the land bank," FitzGerald said. "It's best to air this out as quickly as possible."
Roesler was 20 meters behind leader Paisley Pettway with 200 to go when she turned loose the kick, and rocketed pas Pettway and Oregon freshman Becca Friday.
But just as it has become the largest target for small companies -- it logged 46 million unique visitors in June, according to Nielsen/Netratings -- MySpace appears to be taking away the punch bowl by sometimes blocking out third-party services entirely.
A: Succession planning is a leadership practice often seen in the business sector that is highly regarded. Because the School Board believes we are headed in the right direction, there is an inherent advantage and immediate opportunity to continue and accelerate our momentum and progress.
He attended Miami University, worked at U.S. Steel in Cuyahoga Heights and enlisted in the Army Air Corps. In 1943, at Williams Field in Chandler, Arizona, he married Louise M. Borges, who'd known him since third grade.
The cow had died at one of the region's hundreds of dairies. A plant official said the cow hadn't exhibited outward symptoms of the disease: unsteadiness, incoordination, a drastic change in behavior or low milk production. When the animal arrived at the facility with a truckload of other dead cows on April 18, it met criteria for government testing: older than 30 months and a fresh corpse.
"There's no way that they're not going to racially profile," she said. "How does someone look illegal?"
The man was black, and police say England's son may have been seeking vengeance when he and his roommate shot five black people last week.
But city retirees are doing pretty well compared with working San Franciscans. Census data show the median family income in the city is $86,546. Per capita income is $44,373.
But he will be judged by what happens in games against more driven and readier teams than the Cavs, in the games when June is busting out all over and he so often withers.
The auction featured items donated by a host of well-known folks. DenverMayor Michael Hancock parted with a necktie he had worn at his inauguration. Colorado's former first lady, Frances Owens, gave evening gowns by Niki Livas and Laundry; philanthropist Arlene Hirschfeld relinquished a black-and-white checked Escada suit. JudiWolf, the 2012 Citizen of the Arts, gave a black cocktail dress by St. John, and Denver Art Museum president Cathey Finlon contributed a pair of vintage gold-toed black satin Yves Saint Laurent flats.
Atomic #7
“Working people in New Jersey already know how bad the economy is for their families. They experience it looking for jobs that no longer exist,” said Deborah Howlett, president of New Jersey Policy Perspective. “This report uses important data to explain just how deep the mark is that has been left on New Jersey by the lack of jobs and the stagnant economy.”
The letter, dated Jan. 19 and released today, is among several the defendants and their relatives have sent to Kugler since they were convicted last month of conspiracy and weapons charges.
Peavy was among three candidates who applied for the open seat. Former board member Bob Fox, whose term concluded at the end of 2011, and Susan Organiscak were the two others the board interviewed prior to choosing Peavy. The vote was unanimous (4-0) to appoint Peavy to the board.
Liquids: It's wine country; prepare to sip. Farm to Fork's dining area shares space with Press, A Wine Bar & Bottle Shop. A recent three-wine flight of whites ran $15, but the generous pours and interesting wines justified the price. Or choose from Hot Lips sodas, Vignette Wine Country Sodas (made from varietal wine grapes but nonalcoholic), house-made ginger-peach iced tea or local microbrews.
Vancouver coach Teitur Thordarson hopes Whitecaps fans will pack even more people inside BC Place for the game. Fans will be interested to see what a $500 million renovation can create, such as a retractable roof.
"We've been putting in bids, and we keep getting outbid," says Graham, noting that some Southern California apartments' acquisition pricing is near highs last seen in the recent real estate peak – and local values are relatively far stronger here than elsewhere in the nation.
"It doesn't seem like it's in the best interest of this committee to vote blindly on an amendment where we have received no testimony from physicians," he said. "I don't understand why we are voting on this."
Yes: It arrived Feb. 10. But you can't blame the 40-year-old for feeling a bit tired as he looks back on his remarkable career.
Second half now, and payback is coming as surely as if we are back in the days of an eye-for-an-eye and a dunk-for-a-dunk.
"Any kid gets upset and frustrated, but it's one of those things where you know you're a good person inside, you just need adults to tell you you're special," Kris Hoppel said. "Just because you had a bad home life, it doesn't mean you can't be a successful adult. I just think (the Broncos are) getting a person that is hungry to be successful in life. He is going to do absolutely everything they tell him to do. He won't ever do anything to mess that up for himself."
Cipriano initially told his agent he was staying in the Two Lane Motel in Farmington Hills, but planned on moving, the source said. He was ordered to provide his new address, but failed to call.
Two years ago, she started teaching the violin, which she says has helped her grow as a person. And she coaches ice skating at the Lloyd Center.
Friday has become the main day for protests in Syria, despite the near-certainty that tanks and snipers will respond with deadly force.
3224 California Av, $35,000
"They get it," he says. "They know we really need that thing."
One of the most anticipated new organs in town was built by the world-renowned Martin Pasi company. Michael Bauer will inaugurate the organ with a recital at 4 p.m. April 15 at Hope Lutheran Church, 6308 Quivira Road, in Shawnee.
Then: 7 1/2 minutes
PHILADELPHIA — Phillies manager Charlie Manuel is wondering when his team will start hitting the ball harder, let alone getting more hits.
The dramatic sting operation thwarted the attack before it had a chance to succeed.
Before presenting a new idea to a manufacturer, Mr. Kane has one of his colleagues create a small model out of alder wood. These toylike creations tend to engage his customers far better than computer renderings, he said.
I wouldn't mind it as much if I didn't have to invite Augusta into my living room every year if I want to watch golf's best players compete for huge stakes.
"I said, 'Where's that?' " Jim recalled.
Whitaker also suggested that Dimora acted as a facilitator -- not as a heavy-handed commissioner -- when he called a about a $100 smoking citation given to Kleem's Tony K's restaurant in Berea.
Although there is indeed a $108 million Bank of America settlement on behalf of two Countrywide mortgage servicing companies purchased by the bank, the Federal Trade Commission is contacting all consumers eligible for refunds.
Hey, Adam: Teams certainly can add a small piece here and there through the D-League, but the draft and trades remain the lifeblood for a franchise like the Cavaliers. There are only so many stories like Gee available for one franchise.
They're outdoorsmen through and through. Fashing and Williams are construction workers, and White owns a landscaping company.
"It's just a way to demonstrate how unfortunate it is for the Romney campaign that they acknowledged our worst fears. They acknowledged the fact that his credentials aren't true to his core; they're not something that are solid like Rick Santorum," Stewart told a gaggle of reporters.
ANSWER: Yes, I collect pinball machines, and I have about 74 of them. About 18 are at home and the rest are in storage. It's just been a part of my life for so long and I really enjoy it. I have pinball machines that span 70 years, and I recently bought 27 more that I can fix up and take to next year's expo. It's funny because every pinball machine is kind of like its own universe. The ones for the expo come from me, members of the Detroit Pinball League, as well as places like Ye Olde Saloon in Royal Oak and Marvin's Marvelous Mechanical Museum.
It's a slow process, but the protective headgear movement has gotten another breed involved. Leadline riders between the ages of two and six in Morgan classes will be required to wear protective headgear and a mandatory requirement is being considered for walk-trot classes. Can the other divisions be far behind?
Face-slapping is a key element in episode four, “What Does the Bee Do?” and so is two-facedness, both literal and figurative. Richard Harrow takes off his mask and shows his scarred face to Angela Darmody as she paints his portrait. One of Van Alden’s agents gets half his face blown off by a Slater bomb. The Commodore loses half his face in a stroke and finds out that Gillian has a long memory and a nasty one-two punch. And Gus Fring has half his face blown off by a bomb in Hector’s wheelchair. (Oops, that was on “Breaking Bad.”) You get the idea, though. Everyone is losing face, and where is maintaining social standing at all costs most important? On another prime influence for “Boardwalk Empire” ... “Gosford Park.”
What it really means: Apply brakes now; you are entering a gauntlet of topes. The irony is that you can become so fixated on the asphalt topography that you might not notice the pedestrian stepping into the road.
The Bono incident is just the latest in this country's culture wars. There are those who want to pretend that everyone is the same and can't tolerate any sort of diversity.
Who is that lovely lady on the hill overlooking Ortega Highway? She boasts of being 100 years old but surely doesn't look it. She wears her original stucco makeup quite well, serving as home for the oldest rambling pine tree in Orange County. Her garden wall reflects Mission SJC's Great Stone Church building materials, blessing its 120-year-old aloe plant to propagate. Come take a look at her and marvel.
Meanwhile, safety Tyrell Johnson (hip) and tight end Jim Kleinsasser (elbow) were limited in practice Wednesday. Cornerbacks Asher Allen (toe) and Chris Cook (groin) and defensive tackle Kevin Williams (foot) participated fully.
MS. BERNARD: This is really putting me on the spot. Let's see what's just come in.
Don't miss: The aromatic, nearly dry gewurztraminer is outstanding, and some of the pinot noirs are very good.
Regarded as one of the world's greatest early societies, the Maya lived for centuries in parts of Mexico and Central America. Many of their iconic pyramids and other city remnants still stand in places like Copan, where 16 Maya kings ruled for about 400 years.
But from mid-April when the session ends to mid-January when it begins again, Kasemeyer isout in his district, attending various community meetings and addressing constituent concerns.
"I feel really good about coming back here to play. I could've gone anywhere. They asked me where I wanted to go, and I said I wanted to go back to Portland if I was going to go to a USL team," Nimo said. "Friends, family, teachers -- everybody is coming to the game (tonight), but I can't get a ticket for everybody."
Luck didn't mind in the least.
Cookbook Hall of Fame: Laurie Colwin for "Home Cooking" and "More Home Cooking."
"They were pretty well burned," Johnson said. "It's very difficult to identify them without an autopsy and DNA."
WHEN: 5 p.m. Thursday, March 15
At this point, more than 265,000 Ohioans now have permits making them eligible to carry their firearms hidden in their clothing or vehicles. And gun rights activists expect that number to continue to climb this year, likely eclipsing the 300,000 mark.
During the 2005 trial, attorneys for the plaintiffs argued that the vertically set fuel tank could have been put in other spots on the car and could have been shielded to avoid a reaction like the one in the 2003 accident and that the company could have better warned consumers of the danger of explosion.
The Democratic lawsuit said that GOP map-makers violated Article 11 of the state constitution, which requires that legislative districts be compact and contiguous and that local units of government such as counties, townships, cities and villages not be split unnecessarily.
"This isn't like the past where a botanical garden exploded on your bedspread, drapery and wallpaper," she laughs. "Used as accents, botanicals can become so striking."
A benefit for the Junior League of Tallahassee, the festivities (all at the civic center, 505 W. Pensacola St., Tallahassee; 850-224-9161) mix shopping, a fashion show and even the opportunity for watching some football, if shopping isn't your thing.
Nick Theodoro scored three goals and added an assist for the Rams and goalie Bryce Potter shined all night long
Also, when you and your fiance come in after a long day at work do not greet the dogs with loud drama. Let the pets out of their crates silently and matter-of-factly. You can greet them later. Remember, your cranked up behavior fires up their engines. Keep it all low key and you won't be knocked over.
"What's causing all this rain is a low-pressure system moving northward along the coast, and as that low-pressure system gets closer, you are going to see an increasing north wind," said meteorologist Carrie Suffern. "By early evening hours, you'll see some gusts around 20 miles per hour or so, maybe even 25."
"We are terribly saddened at the passing of Maurice Sendak. He was a glorious author and illustrator, an amazingly gifted designer, a blisteringly funny raconteur, a fierce and opinionated wit, and a loyal friend to those who knew him," Susan Katz, publisher of HarperCollins Children's Books, which published his books, said in a statement.
Chrysler plants in Brampton, Ontario, and Toluca, Mexico, are affected by the change. The Brampton plant makes the 300 sedan, Dodge Challenger and Dodge Charger. The Toluca plant makes the Dodge Journey and Fiat 500.
C.J. Hoy, Mick Bartholomew and Connor King were solid for Gray all season, but it would be the scoring of Gabe Lampron, both in the district final and during the state games that gave St. Ed’s all kinds of momentum heading towards another possible state crown.
In one of those games, a 47-46 loss to SLUH in Neal's last high school performance, he went out with a bang. He carried the ball 11 times for 247 yards, including touchdowns of 80 and 84 yards. He caught one pass, which went 48 yards for a touchdown. He threw one pass, which went 62 yards for a touchdown.
RB Rodney Stewart — Big production at CU in a small package.
"A Cleveland winter ordinarily is an angry, temperamental creature, lashing its tailwinds and looking out darkly underneath low-lying clouds. A Cleveland winter stalks the streets with an icy breath that buffets you when you turn a street corner and makes you dig your chin harder against your chest," he wrote.
June 1-Aug. 5 Outdoor adventure, nature experience and skills camps available. See website for full details and camp listings. Cal-wood Education Center; 303-449-0603, website: calwood.org
In recent years, the biggest end buyer of historic tax credits has been Ameren Corp. The St. Louis-based utility purchased $18.2 million worth from 2006 through 2009, according to a Post-Dispatch analysis of tax credit transfer data obtained under the Missouri Sunshine Act. National insurance companies such as State Farm, Progressive and Northwestern Mutual are also big buyers.
Atkins had been convicted of the 1999 molestation of an 8-year-old and was designated by the Maricopa County Adult Probation Department as one of their most wanted fugitives in March.
Marcin Gortat 1 0 1 6
visit sfgate.com/food.
Bersani, a professor of special education, joined Western Oregon University in 1999. He was recognized for his contributions in the field, published several papers on disabilities and served as the past president of the American Association on Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities.
Not that you could tell. The show moved nicely, mixing slow and fast, old and new material, and the video screens enhanced Shelton's set list without overpowering it.
Still, at least one thing he wants is riling the legislature's C-SPAN conservatives: A new Ohio fracking tax.
At the Hyde Park Cafe, Tuesdays are anything but boring. Basketball greats Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen have hit the cafe on a Tuesday. So have baseball's Derek Jeter and Gary Sheffield. Chances are, most of Tampa's bar crowd has stopped by, too, and paid the consequences on Wednesday, with no remorse.
"On the whole, though, I would commend the author for taking an incredibly thorough look at the filed evidence for implicit egotism," Dr. Pelham, now program director of the National Science Foundation's social psychology program, wrote.
Most fiction is well-researched and contains educational elements, Hamilton said.
"Lower interest rates do provide support for housing," said Keith Gumbinger, vice president of HSH.com, a mortgage-information website. "Unfortunately, the economy appears to be sputtering again, and that doesn't foster the kind of confidence needed for consumers to want to take on what is one of life's biggest financial obligations."
The primary business of Corralitos Gardens (www.cgdahlias.com), co-owned by Kevin Larkin and his wife, Karen Zydner, is selling dahlias by mail-order. But in summer, the farm swings into wedding season, with brides visiting to select dahlias for do-it-yourself bouquets and arrangements. Both dahlias themselves and the DIY ethic has grown more popular in the past several years, Larkin says.
He said she opened her eyes again later in the evening in response to a television playing during the president's speech at the university.
Carlos Gonzalez had five RBIs in one inning, and Michael Cuddyer is hitting .391 with runners in scoring position. And yet, the Rockies have been pedestrian at Coors Field.
$40 million of which is eligible for state reimbursement.
The father liked Pujols - more as a person than a player. Tepas recalled reading about Pujols and his 11-year-old daughter, Isabella, who has Down syndrome. She was 3 months old when Pujols met her mom, his future wife. Pujols became an advocate for Down syndrome children with his charitable foundation.
9. portland general electric
"I can't nullify congressional law. I can't ask the Justice Department to say, 'Ignore completely a federal law that's on the books.' What I can say is, 'Use your prosecutorial discretion and properly prioritize your resources to go after things that are really doing folks damage.' As a consequence, there haven't been prosecutions of users of marijuana for medical purposes."
Darvish was 1-0 with a 3.60 ERA and 21 strikeouts in 15 innings during spring training. He was most impressive in his finale, fanning 11 over six innings to beat Colorado on March 30.
The nation's foreclosure machine almost came to a standstill when the nation's largest banks suspended foreclosures last fall. Part of the problem, banks contended, was that foreclosures became so rampant in
After the Cartagena fiasco, maybe it's time for the U.S. to come up with some new policy - even if it's a gimmicky one - to address historical wrongs.
So he coached both. He coaches the St. Francis throwers at St. Francis, roughly from 3-5 p.m., then heads two miles southeast to Mountain View for an early evening session with the Mountain View throwers.
Services will be held 9 a.m. Monday at Sol Levinson and Bros., 8900 Reisterstown Road in Pikesville.
Waghmare said Sinha and his sons, who were not seriously injured in attack, were going for a walk when "a car came by and they pounced on him."
Q: You mentioned competition earlier. You've had a nice run of high-profile movies lately ("The Departed," "The Boy in the Striped Pajamas" and "Orphan"). Do you feel that pressure?
Caffeine can make blood pressure rise temporarily, especially if you're not used to it. But there's no definitive evidence that a cup (or two) of coffee a day raises blood pressure over the long haul. Some research suggests heavy caffeine consumers get used to it, so their blood pressure doesn't react as much anymore.
The Royals regained the lead later in the inning on singles by Jarrod Dyson, Butler and Hosmer.
But one official said despite the DeCamp Bus Lines being out of service, there was no noticeable change.
In the world of classic cocktail culture, think of it like this: if a Manhattan and a Negroni had an affair, the Boulevardier would be their offspring. Not as bitter as a Manhattan but less refined than the gin-based Negroni. In French, the cocktail roughly translates to "man about town."
"It is the height of journalistic irresponsibility to make public these deeply flawed judgments about a teacher's effectiveness," said a statement issued by United Teachers Los Angeles.
"That's a hard decision to make because now our kids have to worry about it," she said. "I don't want to have to ask them for money for medicines or taxes."
Her attorney, Dennis Cunningham, filed a written response April 6, invoking his client's constitutional right not to incriminate herself. In an explanation now familiar to some Americans, he wrote that Sheehan's 24-year-old son Casey Sheehan was killed while serving in Iraq in 2004, after which she learned that the invasion of Iraq was "based on lies and deceit on the part of the highest officials of the U.S. government."
M Taylor Andrzejewski, jr., St. Charles West
"Over the past several decades, access to health care has been tied to employment," Hughes said. "The middle class in particular had much more stable employment, worked for stable corporations with less global competition. You had much less outsourcing of jobs and much more stable middle-class families."
Judging by a busy Saturday night at the Westin Governor Morris Hotel, it appears Blue Morel has the makings of success with an approach and a menu quite different from that of its more elaborate predecessor, Copeland.
Even so, this isn't the Hughes who won 18 games in 2010.
Wendell Maxey: Let's just cut to the chase on Gerald Wallace. Portland acquiring "Crash" at the deadline pretty much saved their season and provided the Blazers with two things they were missing: a hustler and a finisher. The scary part is, he will only continue to impress once Wallace has a full season in Portland on his resume next year. Absolute stud. Would like to see him improve his outside game, but can easily see Wallace starting at the three next season and stick with bringing Nicolas Batum off the bench. That's a sick one-two punch.
If a manufacturer meets the EPA's specifications for WaterSense, its product can use the WaterSense label.
Unsure mayor and council can fix Detroit's problems but doesn't think the governor will, either.
Flycatcher Inn, $55-$65. Besides being an excellent alternative to the pricey accommodations around Uxmal, 15 minutes away, this bed and breakfast is appealing all on its own. Quiet, spacious rooms sport bright, simple decor and come with pillowtop mattresses and decorative ironwork forged by one of the owners. A nature walk winds through lagoons, fruit trees and woodland on the 20-acre grounds, where a little Maya ruin was recently uncovered. A new, secluded cottage with a small kitchen is available for longer stays.
He also briefly touched on the "Race to the Top" error that in part cost the state $400 million in federal funds and led to the firing of State Education Commissioner Bret Schundler.
James had 44 points and made five 3-pointers, but he didn't even have the most amazing shot of the night. That happened with four minutes left in the game and the outcome still in doubt. Chasing down a loose ball when the Cavs were headed for a shot-clock violation, Williams stepped into a 48-foot heave from behind halfcourt and splashed it, stunning the sold-out crowd. The Thunder never recovered, and the Cavs had one of the highlights of the season.
It didn't work out, though.
Combined with last year's 1-for-35 showing in a seven-game loss to Tampa Bay in the first round, the Penguins are now 1-for-38 on the power play.
"We did it in a very nontraditional way rather than gutting the whole house," Matthew Grocoff said. "It produces all the energy we need."
"We also get a lot of grandparents bringing their grandchildren to see them," he said. "They all seem to get a kick out of it."
"I just wasn't finding the strike zone," Kitchens said. "After I was released from Traverse (City) I went home and worked on some stuff with my college coach.
The White House on Tuesday stressed that Obama did not intend to avoid difficult subjects.
“Kevin was the first building block for what we’re doing right now,’’ Robinson said. “At practice, I really lean hard on him because he’s the only senior.
"She was 6 when she started and I developed her as a rider. She later progressed to riding competitively in later years. She rode show hunters, which takes lots of skill," said Ms. Merryman. "It takes a lot of skill and patience and she had it. And she was good enough that she wanted to share it with young equestrians."
Owl Bar & Cafe, San Antonio, NM: This is San Antonio’s other green-chile burger landmark—proof that the dinky town south of Socorro is burger capital of the known universe. What’s better, Owl or Buckhorn? Your choice—so, yeah, you have to try ’em both. $; 77 U.S. 380; 575/835-9946.
West is one of those umpires who loves to make himself part of the story, but in this case he used replay the wrong way to make the right call. If that helps to expand the use of replay in baseball, it was worth it.
As did the task then ahead of me. After swimming longer than ever, I now had to cycle my longest distance ever, the equivalent of the round trip from my home in Cleveland to the start in Sandusky.
How absolutely insane is that?
Weeden is a record-setting quarterback from Oklahoma State. He stands 6-4, has a quick release and throws fastballs all over the field, with accuracy. But he will be 29 in October and played in the spread offense, so he stands no chance to succeed at the next level. To hear the critics tell it, Weeden is:
The companies did not disclose terms of the sale, but Rosenfeld described his fund's return from the sale as modest.
“The Sound of Music” is based on the story of Maria Von Trapp and the Von Trapp family singers and their experience Austria during the time of Nazi party control.
A Superior Court judge called Trutanich's designation "misleading" and allowed him to use "Los Angeles city prosecutor" instead.
Last year CU paid Embree's assistant coaches approximately $850,000 more than it had paid Dan Hawkins' assistant coaches in 2010.
Here are a few of the top prospects who could fit for the Bears:
"Don't let the pundits decide who can win and who can't," Santorum told 250 people gathered at the Lone Tree Golf Club for a morning meeting. "Four years ago, you were told John McCain was the guy who could win. How did that work out? ... We plan to be in this race for a while. Colorado could have a lot to do with that."
Her organization has not calculated cost estimates but the Illinois Chamber of Commerce is conducting a study, said Jim Farrell, director of its infrastructure council.
privately funded job-training program. The 12 trainees are earning $45 an hour for three days of work, while some local laborers are earning $10 an hour helping out.
-- Cost/contact: Kirby Park, access free; kayak "Ride The Tide," $65, all equipment and shuttle, Kayak Connection, (831) 724-5692, kayakconnection.com.
Major changes like cutting benefits or raising taxes, however, would be a tough sell to jittery lawmakers facing an angry, recession-weary electorate in a year when every seat in the General Assembly is on the ballot.
Isn't democracy great? (But not as great as those SimCity cheats - those solved a ton of problems.)
And it is just about four months since he left the family farm and a sizable ranching operation in Viking, Canada, to replace Terry Murray as Kings coach.
Guards said that inmates moved to the floor reluctantly when ordered to during the altercation, Bishop wrote. That reticence, he said, "strongly colors this incident in staff-assaultive tones."
"It takes a lot of the emotional sway out of the case," Cardoza said.
Zimmerman said Martin attacked him, and he claimed self-defense under Florida's "stand your ground" law, which gives people wide leeway to use deadly force. Martin's family has said the evidence suggests Zimmerman was the aggressor.
There's another conflict. The car service may have to give way to urban renewal and could close in a matter of days. The men are all dazed, because they thought the place would be around forever.
I was meeting my friend Bernardo Barberani from a local winemaking family. "Olives and vines have been in this area since the Etruscans," Barberani told me over lunch at Hostaria Posterula, where chef Paolo Catarcia cooked us vegetable soup and baccalà (salt cod) with the new oil.
At least one judge in Christian County overruled the director and forced a public defense attorney to take a new case. Sterling said that can be appealed to a higher court.
"We have a serious issue about trying to get moms and dads to marry and to stay together," he said, "and I don't see this as encouraging that."
Neither was remotely in her game plan. She wanted her child to enter the world in the most soothing, natural way she could fathom, a water birth attended by a midwife.
Martin Virgen, Prime Time’s executive chef, said the loss is especially chilling because he watched it all happen.
Wade is Miami's star and Bosh's decision was the one that seemed to pull it all together, but in many respects, the night was all about James. Farewell, Cleveland. Hello, Miami.
The Red Pyramid, by Rick Riordan (Hyperion; 516 pages; $17.99; ages 10-up). Egyptology propels the nonstop action as a brother and sister search for truths, historical and familial.
"Within the UM system, we've been talking about it for the past eight years. We knew it was coming," said Ann Korschgen, vice provost for enrollment management at the University of Missouri-Columbia. "What we were hoping was that we could maintain enrollment."
And there could be similar fallout in Tennessee and Denver if those teams don't land Manning, who turns 36 on Saturday. The four-time NFL MVP sat out the 2011 season and is trying to come back after he was released by Indianapolis following a string of neck surgeries.
"It was my first day on the night shift. He took me to the Calvert House for a beer and a bowl of crab soup — my first," said Mr. Hamilton, with a laugh. "That was Joe in a nutshell. Nothing ever fazed him."
February is the most common time of the year for people to contract the flu, said Dr. Jennifer Hanrahan, infectious-disease specialist at MetroHealth Medical Center.
Faced with the loss of his government pension, Jones reluctantly goes along with the lucrative offer, assuming that Harriet and the sheik (the wonderful Amr Waked) will balk at the astronomical price tag he’s quoting for the project.
The men will debut the new uniform on May 26, when it meets Scotland in an exhibition at Jacksonville’s EverBank Field. The women will wear the hoops for the first time when they meet China the following day at PPL Park, just south of Philadelphia.
Still, Moran said the system is on solid financial footing and ready to reinvest in the goal of serving more patients.
ALike any good investor, we are well diversified. Our $164 billion general account portfolio is invested in both public and private fixed income. We have commercial real estate mortgages that produce steady income and investments in public, private and real estate equities. We are still primarily fixed-income investors so those lower rates affect our investment income, but in 2012 we are paying a dividend interest rate of 5.85 percent on our traditional whole life product.
"They were telling me, 'I took sculpture in high school and college, but I did X for a living instead,' " he said. "More and more people are saying, 'I don't feel fulfilled. I want to do what I always wanted to do, but I listened to my parents and was practical instead.'
"From Scelsa to the Sopranos to Ed Sullivan, Sunday has always been the night for experimentation. I don’t know if people are unwound because of the weekend, or if they need something vibrant to kick them into the week. Listeners are ready to hear something different," says Russo, whose day job is at a New Jersey advertising agency.
The Centers for Disease Control and Pervention suggests that you immiately go under ground to a basement or storm cellar. If your home does not have either of these, go into an interior room without windows. This would include a closet, hallway or bathroom on the lowest floor.
Unless they specifically opted out of the insurance, customers were buying policies that cost $25 to $45 per traveler, according to the state. The companies have agreed to issue nearly $2.5 million in refunds and pay a $250,000 civil penalty.
Kerr says Missouri faces future worker shortages in many fields, from health care professionals to diesel mechanics.
"We have in our possession, I believe, five credit cards that we will turn over to the receiver this afternoon," Mauzy said.
He had an angioplasty procedure Oct. 6 and was not allowed to travel for a few days, causing him to miss Fox's coverage of the first two games of the American League title series. But he was back for the finish.
One day, Seau asked Plummer if he wanted to join him lifting weights at lunchtime before practice. At first he thought Seau was crazy, but then tried it. "That particular game I had a great game and felt fresh. I never missed a workout with Junior on Monday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday."
But two of the five public pension systems are asking taxpayers to dig deeper to cover funding shortfalls, potentially adding $400 million more to the tally by 2020. All told, the taxpayer tab easily could top $5 billion a year by the middle of the next decade.
Asked if he and his bandmates feel like rock stars yet, Sayeg said, “I don’t think we are rock stars. We are people that really, really like music.”
Fred, who had plenty of experience giving orders during 40 years of active and reserve duty in the Army from 1939 to 1979, says his best advice for a married couple is to listen. Lucile says patience is vital.
Some big brokerages often skip the MLS and use internal listing systems to share information about what buyers want and what's coming online.
The victory had to be especially gratifying to Modell, coming as it did against the Bengals, whose general manager, Paul Brown, and coach Forrest Gregg, both were former Browns coaches fired by Modell.
Caleb's Posse made amends for a disappointing loss in the Arkansas Derby by winning the $100,000 Ohio Derby on June 4, and added victories in the Grade II Amsterdam Stakes and the Grade I King's Bishop Stakes, both at Saratoga Race Course. Trained by Donnie Von Hemel and ridden by Rajiv Maragh, Caleb's Posse knocked off favored Uncle Mo in the King's Bishop Stakes on Aug. 27.
The anti-Issue 2 campaign collected more than 7,400 donations. The high-dollar contributions came from unions.
10-28 Parkway Central at Chaminade
But items in the display cases tend to look better than they taste. Not the bread or sushi; they're first-rate, but some of the prepared hot dishes can be bland or too saucy. When I pay $22 per pound for shrimp, I'd like them to be perfect, not overcooked.
"I liked it, but I wasn't jumping up and down," said Jackson, who was shushed by Lopez.
The Wolves played their second consecutive game without Love, who did not come to Target Center on Saturday night because he still is experiencing symptoms from the concussion and strained neck he sustained Wednesday in Denver. He'll stay home until he feels better.
"So far, it would be hard to be unhappy with anything he's done his whole career," Pletcher said. "It (getting a challenge) was great to see. It looked like he had a little something left after the wire. So I would think from a conditioning standpoint, with a good mile race and a good mile-and-an-eighth race under our belt, hopefully we can have a good month of training."
Acta took an eight-man bullpen into the game as Jess Todd joined the team from Columbus before the game. It was a good move.
“If he’d had an attack here, three weeks before nationals, getting him over that would be really hard,” Salazar said. “We’re not going to risk the whole season. His doctor said if he runs now and screws himself up, he wouldn’t be ready in 20 days.”
The Postal Service, which is taking an $8.5-billion annual loss, can't keep putting off nationwide closures expected to save $3 billion, but it can and should delay its California closures for a mere three weeks to ensure that the June election runs smoothly and that votes truly count.
More than 100 locations throughout
At its core, "Immortals" is nothing more than a silly and dismissable, swords-and-sandals extravaganza of violence. But, man, oh man, is it pretty to look at.
The referendum is hope for a shared funding mechanism for MARTA — people in Fulton, DeKalb and the city of Atlanta already pay a penny tax for the system — and a way to get a few road improvements in the process.
Baldwin: No report.
Seau was selected by the San Diego Chargers with the fifth overall pick in the first round of the 1990 NFL draft. He played 13 seasons with the Chargers (1990-2002), being named first-team all-pro six times.
Clinton told a town hall meeting in the eastern city of Kolkata that there's an adequate supply in the market for India to find alternative sources of oil. Clinton noted India has taken some steps to reduce its imports from Iran but she says the U.S. wants to see more.
"I think the reason they brought me and Lester in is because we are competitive guys, guys who like to fight, scratch or do whatever you have to do to get on the floor," Sloan said.
Using the market as a gauge "relies on the assumption that the market is processing information quickly enough and making the right assessment as to what effect this has," says Jim Bushnell, an economist at Iowa State University who studied the impact of carbon-price market movements in Europe on companies that may be affected.
Chopped chives, for optional garnish
The middle-aged pedestrian, who was not identified, was struck shortly before 4 p.m. near Midland Avenue by a Hoboken-bound train carrying about 55 passengers, NJ Transit spokesman John Durso Jr. said.
Separately, the state news agency RIA Novosti cited an unidentified law enforcement official as saying dozens of people were detained on Wednesday afternoon on Manezh Square adjacent to the Kremlin.
2 cloves roasted garlic
"When you look back, not only did we have really good players, but we had guys who grew up in the system," Banker said. "As freshmen, look at Victor Butler and Slade Norris, who were they? They didn't play a lick for us, we couldn't get them on the field because we had so many good players ahead of them. Then all the sudden their junior and senior year they came along."
In 1994, the entire Jack-the-Ripper-themed collection Mr. McQueen produced for his master's thesis was bought by English style icon Isabella Blow—a remarkable feat for a young graduate. She wore the clothes to functions and spread his name. Later, when Ms. Blow dropped by McQueen's store, the designer would pick out something for her to wear and she would take it without trying it on, says Yuliya Zakharenko, who worked at the store for three years. (Ms. Blow committed suicide in 2007, after which Mr. McQueen dedicated his Spring 2008 show to her and included bottles of Fracas, her favorite fragrance, in the gift bags.)
carrying and The Hollywood Reporter is carrying or not
Though less expensive than hybrid systems that can power cars on electricity alone at lower speeds, eAssist-type features will add costs to vehicles, Lindland said.
The beer selection here is strongly curated: 21 beers by the bottle, including a German maibock, Dead Guy Ale, from Portland's Rogue Ales, as well as regional stuff — Dogfish 60 Minute IPA.
The system used in the San Onofre reactors involves two separate loops of water. One carries water heated by the reactor into the base of the steam generator. The other loop is the water in the steam generator itself.
His superstar teaming with Tracy McGrady never worked out (also because of injuries, to McGrady), but even without McGrady, Yao was good enough to lead Houston to the second round of the playoffs in 2008-09, when they took the Lakers to seven games before losing.
It's unclear why Macdonald was chosen (or how much, if any, of Demme's work remains in the movie). But the result bears the scars of delays, debates and the indignity of finally being fobbed off on some second runner-up.
The guy hasn't won a Super Bowl, but he's the winningest coach in franchise history. He's won six division championships. He's been to the conference championship game five times.
Instead, a pair of techies with laptops in the shadows pumped in the backing music, and many of the vocal tracks, too.
"We're not going to infringe on freedom of speech," Chanda said.
Many people are fascinated with this sort of traveling, but would prefer not to do it themselves. It's uncomfortable, insecure, and vulnerable. As a blog reader once commented: "I'm glad you are doing it so I don't have to." But the upshot is that it offers up experiences that can't be manufactured and sold.
øIbanez hit a long drive to right field in the fourth for just his second hit - both homers - in 16 at-bats against Shields. Granderson then ended a long drought of his own against the Rays' ace, snapping an 0-for-18 slump with a soaring fly to right that landed just a few rows beyond the short fence.
A 2006 film only now finding its way to theaters because of the presence of a pre-"Avatar" Zoe Saldana (barely in it), Dr. Dennis Cooper must have knocked off this script while watching "Scrubs" reruns in the break room. This is "Scrubs" told from a black doctor's point of view.
Berthoud 003 111 0 — 6 11 1
"I thought it was a catfish at first," Wieser said by phone. "We'd been catching catfish pre-fishing. I was surprised it was a bass. Then the big one."
Nickelodeon programming onboard -- Norwegian Cruise Line and Nickelodeon have announced the expansion of their partnership, extending the family entertainment and programming to the Norwegian Gem beginning in February. Nickelodeon-themed family events, shows and activities were first introduced in April 2010 on Norwegian Jewel and in July 2010 on Norwegian Epic. Each Norwegian Gem cruise will feature a live Nickelodeon-themed interactive show in the main theater; Nick Live Poolside!, where families can take part in interactive games and activities; Breakfast with the Characters, where kids and adults can eat, sing and play with SpongeBob SquarePants, Dora the Explorer, Patrick, Diego and more; Dora's Dance Party, where kids can join Dora and the Nickelodeon cast to dance and sing along; meet and greets with Nickelodeon characters and more. Other family activities include Nick Jr. Story Time, family trivia and special arts and crafts sessions. Norwegian Gem will begin offering Nickelodeon programming year-round beginning on the Feb. 19 cruise sailing from New York to the Bahamas and Florida. Visit www.ncl.com.
"For us to win two of three shows the resiliency of this club," A's manager Bob Melvin said.
But that doesn't mean it's not beautiful. I recommend viewing it from the newly renovated Cliff House. I've had a decent meal here, and it's also a nice place to have a drink and be happy that you're inside and not outside in the damp wind.
One bizarre find after another turned a quiet residential street in South Daytona into a hub of activity as police had to call out the bomb squad, medical examiner and hazardous materials team Sunday night.
I would love to visit: Japan.
I first go west. The big attraction here is hard to miss – the Pacific Ocean.
LOS ANGELES -- Court records show Martin Lawrence has filed for divorce from his wife of nearly two years.
Sales of E-Series vans, made at Ford's plant in Avon Lake, rose more than 30 percent. So far this year, van sales are up 25 percent at Ford, making the commercial vehicles a bright spot for the automaker.
Rep. B.J. Nikkel, R-Loveland
The Mavericks are poised to make their expected run at free agent point guard Deron Williams, and maybe they can even figure out a way to add Dwight Howard to the mix. But the days when they can just add such players and shrug off the tax are surely over, which is a small step toward the more level financial playing field that was the point of that oh-so-unpleasant lockout.
DIRKS UPDATE: Tigers manager Jim Leyland said outfielder Andy Dirks wouldn't play Wednesday night because of the injury to his left hamstring he suffered as he rounded third and headed home with the go-ahead run in the eighth inning Tuesday night.
However, don’t ask Shorey to vote for such a measure again. Though none of the FasTracks-funded trains is operating yet, the program already has financial issues.
On Multi-Strike, there are four possible hands. A winner or free ride on hand No. 1 earns you a second hand worth double the first, then the player can qualify for hands at four times and eight times payoffs.
Reality TV star Bethenny Frankel, head of the SkinnyGirl brand of books, yoga tapes, liquor and health products, soared to the top of Google trends on Monday. Her Bravo show, "Bethenny Ever After," was to premiere that night, but that wasn't the only reason for her online surge.
"Before we take it over, we'll want to know what we're getting," Hancock said. "We'll want to take a look at the maintenance records and the structures. Last year, we had an unfortunate drowning. The city will look at the insurance costs."
A lot at the southwestern corner of Happy Valley Road and Interstate 17 was added in January.
The display was reminiscent of their showing in a 17-16 overtime loss to UMBC on April 21. In that game, Resetarits recorded four goals and three assists, Ty Thompson finished with five goals and two assists, and Miles Thompson added three goals and one assist.
The program, which started over 10 years ago by Narcissa Weatherbee, runs for seven weeks on Mondays and Tuesdays from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m.
Here's a preview clip (complete with cat!):
In addition to its proximity to Trenton, Montgomery is known for its good schools and open space.
øThe BMW Masters will offer a $7 million purse, giving it an advantage over the CIMB Asia Pacific Masters, which has a purse of $6.1 million. In addition, despite the PGA Tour's involvement, the latter is not considered an official event.
Pour mixture into pastry shell and bake at 375 degrees 50 to 60 minutes or until knife inserted near center of pie comes out clean. Serve with whipped cream or ice cream, if desired.
Hunter eventually gave birth to a child fathered by Edwards, though he denied paternity until 2010.
4. Longmont beat (5) Broomfield 35-21
Not all freeways will get a second carpool lane, usually because there isn't room to add more than one. That's the case on I-880 through San Jose, where a carpool lane is being added, and on I-80 east of the Bay Bridge.
Kooistras annual salary is about $122,300. The city administrator oversees the budget, manages city workers in all departments, advises city boards and coordinates with other agencies.
"The nearly $700 billion mortgage debt overhang has touched many corners of the market, and this overhang is holding back the recovery of the housing market and broader economy," said Mark Fleming, CoreLogic's chief economist.
"We are preparing for the fact that many of our trains could very well be filled to capacity by the time they reach the downtown core of the city," said Steven Taubenkibel of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, which is cashing in on Obama-mania with commemorative fare cards.
As before, you can vote on every ballot in the round, across all regions, and you can vote once every 12 hours.
Asked about New York's legalization of same-sex marriage last summer, Ms. Hayworth said: "That's an established fact now in the state of New York, and my job is to think about what the federal role should be. Certainly the state of New York has made its choice."
With the win, West Orange advances to play Boone in the regional semifinals.
We speak no ill of Ms. Scott, who has served her state and party well and honorably for decades. She was the mayor of Bowie, aPrince George's Countycouncilwoman and state planning secretary under former Gov.Robert L. Ehrlich Jr.Most recently, she took over as state GOP chairwoman when the party was broke and in turmoil, and she had great success in restoring stability. She was the kind of person who would ordinarily be a shoo-in for national committeewoman, a post that has traditionally gone to party elders more as recognition of their past service than in expectation of what they will do in the future.
Jeff Seippel
Broad comedy almost won out over fairy tale appeal in Ben Stevenson's "Cinderella," which Ballet San Jose performed Friday at the San Jose Center for the Performing Arts. But in a production that boasted all the essential elements of the much-loved story of the rags-to-riches Cinderella and her Prince Charming, even the rollicking wickedness of the ugly stepsisters couldn't outshine the romance.
Consistency of, of course, health.
Final average salary: Will be based on a five-year period, up from three years.
Chicken wings establishments were also rapidly expanding, with Buffalo Wild Wings Grill & Bar and Wingstop earning spots among the 10 fastest-growing chains. According to Technomic, 36% of restaurants (a still-increasing number) now offer wings.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the host of the Laugh Track column, a man who tried to buy the Emerald Necklace for his wife ... Mike McIntyre.
say lifestyle and environmental factors also take a toll on eye health. Smoking more than doubles the risk. The disease usually spares peripheral vision, in effect never causing total blindness, says the American Academy of Ophthalmology, a point Dench made after a London newspaper quoted her saying she was going blind and needed friends to read scripts to her.
Flaherty, the Cubs' first-round pick in 2008 out of Vanderbilt, won a spot on the team with his flexibility. He played six positions this spring — shortstop, third base, second base, first base, left field and right field.
BUSINESS NETWORK INTERNATIONAL: St. Charles Chapter, 7-8:30 a.m. May 18, Bogey Hills Country Club, 1120 Country Club Road, St. Charles. For more information, contact Nichole Olea at 636-751-1135.
She kept returning to one, the picture of a smiling 7-year-old with large, welcoming eyes.
Last year, according to agency statistics, state police dispatchers told callers about 40 times a day it had no troopers to respond -- to accidents, to dangerous driving, to crimes. The pattern has continued this year. In April, the shorthanded Hermiston patrol office got 147 calls for service, and 28 times had no trooper to respond. In Albany, 72 of 559 callers were told no trooper was available.
As a sophomore in 2010, Graumenz finished second at state at 119, but didn't place as a freshman or junior.
“I don’t touch drugs like that anymore and I won’t ever.”
The fleet will depart Monday morning from 5 a.m. to 11 a.m.
By Baltimore standards, the 800 block of North Caroline is far from the worst, even with eight of its 12 houses sitting empty. A housing tower for the elderly rises on a grassy parcel on the west side of the street. Rental townhomes unfold to both the north and south, and there's a Save-A-Lot supermarket in a nearby shopping plaza. The Johns Hopkins medical campus starts just two blocks to the east.
"There's some fine work in the dioramas," said Robert Dunsford, a county employee at the visitors center. "Some of the (action figures) are pretty old. It's interesting to see."
2. Old Chatham Ranch Olive Brining Workshop, Yorkville Highlands, Mendocino
“He’s progressing pretty quickly for how old he is. He’s just smarter than most of them,” said Tony Wass, Chapman’s cousin and Dillinger’s informal coach.
As if the rigors of the position weren't enough, Matthews is the Eagle designated to call the team's defensive signals seconds after coordinator Juan Castillo relays them via a speaker in his helmet.
But Thomas encourages people to pay by mail or online.
Billera is one of 129 Oregon educators disciplined for molesting or having sexual relations with more than 215 public school children over the past 10 years.
Rovio was founded after three students including Niklas Hed -- CEO Mikael Hed's cousin and now Rovio's COO -- won a game-development competition sponsored by Finnish mobile phone maker Nokia and Hewlett-Packard (HPQ) CO.
øThe rechargeable battery is supposed to last about 10 days. But the battery on the first band I tried pooped out well before that, and then I couldn't charge it at all. Jawbone says a few of the early bands had battery issues that are being addressed.
Wing Lee Bakery, 503 Clement St. (at Seventh Avenue); (415) 668-9481. Open 7 a.m.-7 p.m. daily.
Kutcher, 34, will play Steve Jobs in an upcoming film about the late CEO of Apple.
But if Lariviere had an inspiring sense of the what, he did indeed have major problems with the how. His problems were not just repeated actions in opposition to the board (and Legislature), but a board that felt repeatedly misled about the steps he planned to take.
Minus: Broncos may be more than a superstar QB from Super Bowl contention. And how would Manning deal with Tebowmania?
Now, the 28-year-old is celebrating a Super Bowl he won in his hometown of Indianapolis and has a baby on the way.
“When I’m not in Washington, going to schools moves to the top of my list. I think it’s very important for students to realize that we’re not just somebody in a book,” LoBiondo said.
At the tasting counter, visitors on any given day can make their way from a light and lean pinot grigio to a rich and persistent petite sirah, all made with foothill grapes.
With the new flights, plus a series of flights slated to launch in November, JetBlue will have 75 trips daily leaving Logan.
The Mariners threatened in the ninth against Rays closer Fernando Rodney, getting the potential go-ahead run as far as third base with one out on singles by Kyle Seager and Olivo. Tampa Bay wiggled off the hook when Rodney fielded Michael Saunders safety squeeze bunt and threw pinch-runner Munenon Kawasaki out at the plate, then got Jaso to line out to center field.
Walmart recently launched its own makeup line targeted specifically at tweens, intended for girls 8 to 12.
The absence of modern humanity in this remote canyon in northwestern New Mexico only made the 10-foot-tall ruins more ominous. The breeze produced the only noise as we walked silently though small rectangular rooms.
"I am not supposed to tell you many details, but it is going to be very good news for the Youngstown area, very good news," said Gov. Ted Strickland, who will attend.
WASHINGTON - Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey has introduced a broad immigration reform bill that would put the nation's approximately 11 million illegal immigrants on a path toward citizenship and enact other sweeping reforms.
Missouri Attorney General Chris Koster's office announced today that it has filed suits against six companies selling extended auto-service contracts and alleged that the firms, all located in suburban St. Louis, tricked consumers into buying so-called "extended warranties" through unfair and deceptive practices.
An Orange County jury late last year found John Arthur Walthall, 56, of Laguna Beach guilty of four counts of wire fraud and one count of failure to appear.
"This scheme then guaranteed massive profits to physicians and pharmacies that administered and sold Abbott products to their patients," U.S. Attorney for South Florida Wilfredo Ferrer said. "And the generous profit margins helped Abbott maintain and gain customers. So the way we look at it, Medicare and Medicaid in essence foot the bill for Abbott's marketing budget."
"Revenge" Just as Emily is getting close to her goal, a "big, explosive event" sets everything in flux again.
7 p.m. on Encore
Last weekend we began with Jurassic Park River Adventure. The wait was 20 minutes on Sunday, but when I was at IOA on Saturday, the wait was 65 minutes — longer even than the new Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey ride at the adjacent Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Folks want to get wet.
It's also scouring the globe for partnerships with "junior mining companies" -- exploration companies that look for new deposits. It's sniffing along the west coast of South America, primarily Peru and Chile, for new iron ore investments.
The number of cyber charter schools could expand from two to as many as 15 under controversial legislation narrowly passed Thursday by the state House.
The Bulls' three-time all-star missed 17 of the regular season's final 22 games because of groin and ankle injuries. After a slow start in the first quarter, Rose produced 23 points, nine assists and nine rebounds.
Marc Buhaj, senior VP of original programming, Disney Channels, EMEA called the toon "one of an exciting new wave of global Disney XD series. This animated project combines a unique mix of full-on buddy comedy with awesome ninja action."
Paul Johnson, 56, was transfixed as the bus whizzed past a pizza parlor, church and hotel that at one time were linked to the mob. An industrial electrical contractor from Dickinson, N.D., Johnson said he had run across mobsters during his oil industry days. But he wasn't spilling anything about his brush with organized crime. Not in this city.
Channel: 7 ABC's "This Week" - John Brennan, President Obama's top counterterrorism adviser; Carly Fiorina, former CEO of Hewlett-Packard; former Gov. Jennifer Granholm, D-Mich.; Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Google; David Walker, former comptroller general. 8 a.m.
Slow Pitch Softball
The company's Sentra compact car and Altima mid-sized sedan were the best performers for the year, but Sentra sales were down sharply in December.
Once again, 49ers general manager Trent Baalke passed on the favored, the famous and the familiar, and went his own way with Thursday's 30th overall pick in the draft.
Who you will notice: 6-foot-9, 245-pound senior forward Drew Gordon -- a UCLA transfer who at times is impossible to guard -- is playing with a chip on his shoulder after losing out on MWC Player of the Year to San Diego State's Jamaal Franklin. Gordon was MWC tournament MVP after scoring 12 points and grabbing 12 rebounds in the championship game.
French stumbled upon the murder story by accident. A simple footnote mentioned Werner's killing and mutilation; 75 years ago, the crime made headlines worldwide.
Myth: Another common misconception is that overhead watering acts like a magnifying glass on leaves in the hot summer, causing them to burn. Water droplets do magnify a bit but not enough to warm the leaves sufficiently to burn them. This one reminds me of being able to fry eggs on the sidewalk in summer (you can't).
WPI President Annette Whittemore, whose daughter has been diagnosed with chronic fatigue syndrome, said in an interview that she thinks politics are at play.
"There may be customers who call in tomorrow to say that their power still needs to be restored, and we certainly want to hear from those customers," Gould said. "But based on the information we have to identify customers affected by Hurricane Irene, we believe we can meet our target."
A 1,450-square-foot structure will be built to enclose water well at Pasadena Avenue and West 2nd Street, parallel to the 55 freeway.
"I feel unbelievably fulfilled, but knowing how much more we have to do, it's humbling," said Smith, 41.
As a U.S. senator, Brown has no direct say in whether the plan will become law. It's up to state lawmakers and Gov. John Kasich, a Republican who supports the plan.
Hayes was a social worker with the state of Missouri then, and she was a single mom of three who was twice divorced. Her income was less than $26,000 a year.
15500 block of Tustin Village Way - 7/21 - Identity theft
Les Dames d’Escoffier: An international organization of women in the food, beverage and hospitality industries that “strives to promote excellence .¤.¤. through education, advocacy and philanthropy.” Membership in the organization is by invitation. Admission to the wine, cheese and chocolate fundraiser (6-9 p.m. Thursday, April 26) is open to the public. $30, advance; $40, at the door. Learn more about Les Dames at cleveland.ldei.org and on Facebook at facebook.com/Les.Dames.Cleveland.
Ms. Elaine H. Bauer
Stuck Elevator: By Byron Au Yong and Aaron Jafferis. Previews begin April 4. Runs April 10-28.
øDart chief engineer Mike Merlo says development engineers love to take the Giulietta for fast runs on the Chrysler test track, and swore not to lose its wonderful driving feel as they translated the car into American.
Boys & Girls Clubs in Orange County
"I like the fact that he's so calm, cool and collected," fight promoter Oscar De La Hoya said. "Everyone who fights Mayweather — myself included — gets frustrated by how he is. His talking. Being so slippery in the ring.
No. 8 Jazz:Gordon Hayward. He proved in college that he can ascend on a big stage. The former Butler star has come on strong of late, hitting smooth jumpers and even mixing it up in the paint.
The company also charges homeowners for the cost of foreclosures. Aeon pays its attorneys $2,975 per case and attempted to charge homeowners $2,500 for taking the case to court.
"This prescribed fire review is one step toward a better understanding of what happened before the Lower North Fork fire escaped," Gov. John Hickenlooper said in a statement.
Minnesotans United campaign manager Richard Carlbom says time ran out in North Carolina, but it's not too late for Minnesota to defeat what he says is an "anti-family amendment."
Next year, Ford plans to shutter its 350-worker Cleveland Engine Plant No. 2 in Brook Park. Most of those workers will transfer to the nearby Cleveland Engine Plant No. 1. Ford plans to add a third shift to that engine plant early next year.
The Leadership Conference, based in Silver Spring, Md., represents about 57,000 religious sisters and offers programs ranging from leadership training for women’s religious orders to advocacy on social justice issues. Representatives of the Leadership Conference did not respond to requests for comment.
Sgt. James Rhodes, Clackamas County Sheriff's Office spokesman, said deputies investigated the case thoroughly.
William Johnson Jr., a three-term mayor who served through 2005, said he shudders to think of Rochester without Kodak.
Generalizes own experience and disregards others' circumstances. Needs to be right and prove others wrong.
Celski, winner of a bronze medal in Vancouver, entered the event unsure of his competitive form.
Washington, D.C.-based attorney Jeff Fried told Nevada's boxing regulators that Peterson's failed doping test stemmed from an "inadvertent" failure to disclose medical treatment last November for low testosterone levels.
In a note, economist Patrick Newport of IHS Global Insight said, “This report is one of the more encouraging new construction reports we have seen in the last four years.”
La Palma Mexicatessen, 2884 24th St. (near Florida Street); (415) 647-1500. lapalmasf.com. Open daily.
Javier Mendoza is next up at 6 p.m. May 8.
They go to stores on a mission and like to get it accomplished, he says. They'll come in knowing exactly what they want and will buy in multiples. But, he adds, the modern customer is buying a broader range of products and sees a value in having knowledge about them.
Despite the trouble, police statistics show a decrease in car break-ins in the downtown area over the last year. Still, the task force was preparing to announcing the measures next month and moved up its timeline after last weekend's break-ins, staffers said.
The Sonic RS has a 138-horsepower turbocharged 1.4-liter four-cylinder engine. The six-speed manual transmission's gear ratios were modified for quicker acceleration.
Defense attorney Barbara Hope O'Neill told the Fresno Bee that her client needs medicine because she is unable to help in her defense.
Choose the right stuff. When choosing new roof material, go with what you have. Whoever designed your house probably chose the right material for the home's architectural style and location. Three out of four U.S roofs are asphalt shingle, which lasts around 20 years. Wood roofs made of shingle (machine cut) or shake (hand cut) last longer, and are common in California, the Northwest and the Midwest. Tile or clay roofs top Mediterranean-style homes, common in the Southwest and Florida. Slate roofs, common in the Northeast, last longest — more than 50 years — and are most expensive.
There was no argument from Coffman. The two-time all-state medalist -- he was seventh last year -- eyed the crowds buzzing around the course and said it was impossible to think of a better setting for wrapping up a high school career.
The two-hour trip was easy. Without wind to blow us, or tide to pull against, we drifted a lot and just looked. Our guide, Mike Lewis, showed us Spanish Point, where the area's first settlers built homes. Then he showed us a mansion, huddled inside metal hurricane shutters, that he said was novelist Stephen King's sometime house.
Police point to heroin as motive in copper thefts
The New York Times, USA Today and the Los Angeles Times were among papers that led the front page with Sanford's admission. The Washington Post led its page with a follow on the fatal Metro accident, but played the Sanford story at the top of its front page as well.
Sens. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., and Olympia Snowe, R-Maine, have introduced identical legislation in the Senate.
Take heart, Delia. Even Justin Bieber has a bad hair day. Just curl up with a plate of fries and subtract the calories you burned walking to the salon.
The 500,000-gallon saltwater shark tank, the aquarium's largest, had suffered from cloudy water that made it difficult to see all of the marine life. Brown instituted a 10-percent discount and a warning at the ticket counter, but some customers still were not happy paying north of $20 for the experience. Several complained via e-mail to The Plain Dealer.
At those moments, Noreli Viedma-Jimenez, 27, knew she was slipping into another epileptic seizure. As she blacked out, her son and her boyfriend would anxiously watch her mumble prayers in Spanish to the Virgin of Guadalupe, crossing herself again and again to protect herself from the coming seizure.
Sweeney did not discuss the bill proposal with Sunoco, according to Chintall.
Kiwanis Club of Fremont President Shirley Sisk said 7,902 rubber ducks took to the Central Park waters Saturday for the 18th Annual Ducks For Bucks charity race, raising about $39,510 for local schools and non-profits.
The firm was not accused of committing fraud itself. However, it's the second substantial fine it's been ordered to pay in the last two years to settle charges of lax supervision. In 2010, it agreed to pay $1.3 million.
A resident of the 400 block of South Rolling Road, Haggerty said he had only been asleep for a few hours when his wife, Erin, woke him Friday morning with news of the blaze in the early morning hours of April 20.
The top four in the lineup — Rafael Furcal, Jon Jay, Matt Holliday and Beltran — were a combined 9 for 9 with two homers, 10 RBIs and seven runs the first three innings. Jay had three hits and was hit by a pitch his first four trips and is batting .429 with an 11-game hitting streak.
On the hook for $800,000 already spent, Schacher said Clatsop Care is talking to state officials about other options.
"In all honesty, it's probably been too low to keep the operations going for four or five years," Faysak said. "I get upset that people (don't) care about something until it's too late."
The industry's standard limits strings on cribs and playpen toys to 12 inches.
"These are not threatening people," Kaper-Dale said. "They’re not terrorists. They’re not people who have done anything wrong other than escaping persecution from their country during a very scary time."
There were 21 falls in the opening round. Kent State freshman Ian Miller recorded the fastest pin, beating Eric Terrazas of Illinois in 57 seconds.
Gupta's attorney, Gary Naftalis, called the allegations "totally baseless."
LAKEWOOD — Connor Winter hung back, letting others dictate the pace.
One day, Sandoval's brother Joe recalled with a laugh, the two of them had to track down a delinquent customer at a bar.
But elected officials are using the popular networking media site — as they have with Facebook, YouTube and Flickr — like never before to connect with people they have never reached.
But it's a risky strategy, one that could confuse customers or damage the good names that companies have spent generations building.
Peru contains a staggering 10% of the world's avian population, and the Colca Valley — a stunning slice of earth notched into the southern highlands of the country — is ground zero for two of the most jaw-dropping: the Andean condor, otherwise known as the world's largest flying bird, and the giant hummingbird, whose name speaks for itself.
Wow: Brad Eldred, promoted to Detroit on Thursday after Brad Inge was released, hit .388 with 13 homers and 35 RBI in 20 games at Class AAA Toledo.
Waters, the sole new starter of the four returning defensive backs, appears to have jumped right into his position. According to scarletnation.com, the sophomore safety highlighted the day on defense with an interception, sack, forced fumble and a number of big hits. Waters performance and that of shutdown corner Logan Ryan, a 2011 2nd team All-Big East selection, has many talking about this being one of the best units ever at Rutgers. Waters and Ryan are joined by 1st team All-Big East safety Duron Harmon and returning starter CB Brandon Jones.
"There's no doubt in my mind he can do that on a nightly basis," Joel Przybilla said. "He's still young. You forget sometimes this is just his second year."
Will CBS get rid of one or both of its "CSI" spinoffs? Is Fox impressed enough with Kiefer Sutherland's "Touch" to give it a second season? Is ABC's "GCB" D.O.A.? Is NBC going to tell "Are You There, Chelsea?" it isn't there anymore? Is the CW about to drive a stake deep into "Hart of Dixie"?
5800 3rd Street #1407, $395,000, 03-15-12,
"It's disappointing," he said. "Especially on my part. It kind of feels like I put the guys in a bad situation. They were playing good before I got here. I got here and played two games and we've lost both games badly. You feel bad about that because they had a good thing going here. It's a lot tougher on me, these two losses, because I just wanted to come in and feel my way in and I think I'm disrupting the chemistry that they had."
One hundred years ago Sigmund Freud and his circle of psychoanalysts discovered that though we live in the present, we do so almost entirely conditioned by experiences we have had, and ways we have lived, in the past. The past can not really be integrated or changed through remembering what is past; it must be experienced and understood in the powerful present. The past is formative but, as a memory, impotent. The present integrates our past. The present can lead us to insights about the past much more so that remembering and analyzing past experience.
Dozens of those students scored in the 30s out of an ACT maximum of 36, raising questions about the edge some students are getting in the stiff competition to get into top colleges.
Goldschmidt hit right-handers well in the minor leagues, but he absolutely destroyed lefties. In 2010, he hit .413 with an .860 slugging vs. left-handers with High A Visalia. Last year with Double-A Mobile, Goldschmidt had a .376 average, .519 on-base and .871 slugging against them.
What do you hope to accomplish by age 30? I hope to be successful in the career I choose so that I am ready for a family in the years to come.
Only 14 states cover the full cost of a basic health plan for employees, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Only seven cover 100 percent of the cost for employees and at least some family.
Steven was adopted by Clara and Paul Jobs of Los Altos, California, a working-class couple who nurtured his early interest in electronics. He saw his first computer terminal at NASA's Ames Research Center when he was around 11 and landed a summer job at Hewlett-Packard before he had finished high school.
These apps keep digital catalogs available for viewing regardless of whether the items in them are sold out. Google has a policy of keeping catalogs in the app forever, allowing people to look back at past issues. Catalog Spree and Catalogue keep catalogs in the app for as long as a brand requests, though a spokesman for TheFind, which runs Catalogue, said it may pull a catalog based on content and season if a merchant doesn't specify an expiration date.
Each of the five candidates appeared on the program to explain their philosophies.
He was able to deduct every penny he paid in gasoline taxes. If we had such a perk now, the federal government would go broke (that is, more broke than it is now).
As NBA talent goes, Washington has as much as any team in the Pac-12. Aside from Ross, there is freshman guard Tony Wroten, who the mocks project as a first-round NBA pick this coming June.
Somewhat predictably, Knicks forward Carmelo Anthony has been named Eastern Conference Player of the Month for April.
Blunt's taunting note thanked corrections officer Rudolph Zurick for his "help" in the escape. Zurick was not under suspicion of actually providing any assistance to Blunt or Espinosa, but the married father of a 4-year-old daughter committed suicide several days after the note was made public.
From the beginning of the Social Security program, an individual worker or self-employed person has had an individual account on which his/her Social Security benefit amount is or will be calculated. This is the basic concept of the insurance principle on which the program was established
Ortiz-Fuentes had filed a temporary restraining order against Molina after numerous complaints of domestic violence. A court appearance for a permanent restraining order had been scheduled for the day after her killing.
On the 911 recording, Jung said he was having a hard time checking Martin because it was "dark back there" and that he needed to get a light.
Before the set ended, the group thanked the audience, Coachella promoters and threw T-shirts and other items into the crowd.
So, no record-breaking during the Bite of Oregon festival?
Even so, the maximum Pell grant covers just 34 percent of the average cost of attending a public four-year college, down from 45 percent two decades ago.
OPENING/REOPENING SOON . . .
She cried as she mentioned the pain her crimes had caused her family. Seated in the front bench among spectators were her mother, sister and two nieces.
The Tigers have yet to have their full five-man starting rotation as manager Jim Leyland envisioned when he broke spring training. But the man could barely contain his enthusiasm following the Tigers' 7-5 victory because Fister looked close to getting a rehab assignment to Triple-A Toledo in the coming days.
Chen-Chang Lee, Frank Herrmann and Nick Hagadone followed Tomlin with five scoreless innings.
I had attended the Yankees tickertape parade back in 2009, but that paled in comparison. In 2009, I was among thousands jockeying for a sight line along the Canyon of Heroes. This time, I was going to be ushered to a seat.
So was defensive end Mike DeVito, who likes the intangible qualities Tebow will offer.
A little more than 1.25 miles from the old trailhead is Woodchute Tank, beyond which the trail becomes fainter and begins to climb, gaining about 400 feet over the next half-mile. Although the grade isn't terribly steep, it's easy to get winded when you're above 7,000 feet.
GREENWICH TWP. — A car wound up underneath a boat on Railroad Avenue here Tuesday morning, thanks to the wet roadway.
One critical difference between drafts of consent agreement proposals so far from Bing and Snyder is who would have control over city finances, operations and hiring and firing of key personnel.
Their granddaughter, marching over in her orange tennis shoes, is a tall kindergartner, who could easily pass for a third-grader. She places her hands over a small vegetable chopper and pushes down repeatedly.
"I'm at the beginning of the review. I don't know what I'm going to find," Long said.
Officers fired four shots, killing the man.
What's unclear, however, is whether the NFLPA's involvement will delay the imposition of penalties by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell against the New Orleans Saints as a team, or general manager Mickey Loomis, head coach Sean Payton and former defensive coordinator Gregg Williams as individuals.
You are with me this evening, all my friends.
On some level these tectonic shifts kept Blue Note in a holding pattern. After basking in 70th anniversary festivities in 2009, the label released only a handful of new titles and even fewer reissues.
"It's surprising to hear him talk about these tough times in such an upbeat way," Dave said. As I listened to Walt's voice, I was struck by the same plucky optimism I've come to expect from the heroes and heroines in his stories.
Per serving: 425 calories; 24 g. fat; 1,050 mg. sodium; 31 g. carbs; 2.1 g. fiber; 22.1 g. protein
“He hasn't gotten any gear yet because he hadn't made the decision, but you know we support Notre Dame Prep, as well,” Cleare said. “That's our brother right now.”
A short, eight-minute hike up a hillside garden path wound past chirping birds, scooting lizards and secluded lookout nooks to the estate's loftier historic property, the O'Donnell House, where a sweeping terrace perched high above Tahquitz Canyon is often populated with wedding groups.
"We're changing the culture and changing the way we look at things," said Hoelzer, who helped implement the system about three years ago. "Any size agency can and should implement this."
"You don't get that being a sergeant in the office doing schedules," he said.
"You go through the season with your head down, you're grinding, we're just coming off a tough road trip and then you look up and look at the standings and think, 'Wow, how did that happen?' It's like my wildest dream. I wouldn't put anything past this group."
øA style ace at Wimbledon
Emken talked about the national debt, jobs, problems with the health care law, and Alex.
But like many who sell and make products in the area independently, he doesn't encourage drop-in visitors. After all, most of the farms in the area are, primarily, working farms. However, his locally made cheeses and ice creams are found at area farmers markets, including the one in downtown Homestead from 2 to 6 p.m. Mondays.
"The men's uniform was a lot brighter in person than it was on the piece of paper, I will tell you that," said Nick Joos, Baylor's executive associate A.D. for external affairs. "I don't think the paper did it justice."
To make up for gaps in government funding for homeless services, area faith communities are banding together for the second consecutive year to house homeless men and women in rotating houses of worship during the winter months.
"The wind, forerunner of the tempest, was increasing in violence, the redness in the sky deepening, and the roaring sound like thunder seemed almost upon us," Pernin later recalled in an account of the horror.
Visitors can sample German, American, Asian, Mexican and Middle Eastern cuisine; shop at more than 50 craft booths; and peruse a fine arts exhibition.
SOMERSET — A single police force. Five precincts. Nearly 600 officers. A projected $44 million in savings over a decade.
Medicare spends more than $10 billion each year on wheelchairs, beds, walkers, portable oxygen equipment, diabetic testing strips and other so-called durable medical equipment for home use. The health insurer for the majority of America's seniors, Medicare allows patients under doctors' orders to get the equipment they need in their homes.
And by "it," she doesn't mean the language.
“The bottom line is there was a robbery,” John Latoracca, chief assistant prosecutor, said. “We don’t get into specifics, at least from my office.”
She quickly discovered the group gave her new insight into her life and renewed her hope for the future.
This Paul Revere-themed club offers a “revolutionary” golf experience spread over two championship courses (“Lexington” and “Concord”). The Lexington in particular can offer a stiff challenge, winding through rugged canyons overlooking Sin City, while the many elevated tees on both courses present juicy dilemmas to players of all abilities.
The Klein's ad then listed the products and prices Wegmans ran in its ads for Sept. 25, Oct. 2 and Oct. 9, showing discrepancies in the prices. For each ad date, ShopRite showed a side-by-side comparison with their "lowest shelf price" on Aug. 28, Sept. 4 and Sept. 10. From these comparisons, the ad listed the total amount for the products that Wegmans printed in their ad and "the truth," according to ShopRite, which showed total prices ranging from $2.20 to $16.60 less than what Wegmans ads claimed.
øIf you deviate off course, you're presented rerouting options, but some instructions are confusing. It wasn't always clear if I should request updated directions, or whether OnStar would reroute me without my having to ask.
By Bloomberg’s reckoning, even Police Commissioner Ray Kelly — who is not affiliated with any party and whose name has been floated as a possible mayoral candidate — would be hard-pressed to mount a credible campaign.
"From MSP, the MD-88s and 90s can reach almost the entire U.S. and Canada, while the greater range of the Airbus aircraft allow them to fly from Salt Lake City to the East Coast," said Delta spokesman Banstetter.
That is why Munson told people to go elsewhere. In July he'll direct them to Downtown Plaza, sans screening.
2004: Jamie Horton, Denver Center Theatre Company
As we turn the corner out of the Great Recession and into whatever new economy comes next, our region is struggling to keep up. Our population is growing slowly. Our work force is aging rapidly. And we have a hard time cultivating the sort of innovators, entrepreneurs and bright minds who will build the economy of the future.
Northwest Steelheader's Molalla River Chapter meeting: Ed Fast, local guide, will provide tips on when, where and how to catch springers on the Molalla and other local rivers. 6:30 p.m., April 19. Farmstead Restaurant, 28313 S. Hwy 213, Molalla. 503-932-8386 or dingerjigs@yahoo.com.
Last month a judge ordered Holland to remove the boat by April 30 or face up to $1,000 a day in fines, even jail time.
Mandatory resort fees, which often include many of the amenities that used to be included in the price of your room, are a way for hotels to make their rooms seem less expensive. By quoting a rate that doesn't include these required fees, a hotel can make its prices appear to be lower.
"We are all playing as hard as we can, and everybody wants to win," Pitt linebacker Tristan Roberts said. "Everybody respects the other players. We’re not trying to hurt each other and, if it happens, you feel bad."
The left-hander lost 7-1 in his only start against Cleveland in 2011, giving up two runs and six hits while striking out eight over six innings at Progressive Field. He is 3-7 with a 4.79 ERA in 13 starts versus the Indians, with all three wins coming in Cleveland.
The annual bash presents the season's top 10 finalists, so that means this year's outing will feature Joshua Ledet, Jessica Sanchez, Phillip Phillips, Skylar Laine, Hollie Cavanagh, Colton Dixon, DeAndre Brackensick, Colton Dixon, Elise Testone, Erika Van Pelt and (how fast we forget!) Heejun Han.
Port of Portland officials reported longer than usual lines around Alaska and Horizon ticket counters and passenger-jammed gates.
Depressed in Des Moines
great contribution to the University of Oregon track and field program.
Increased use of medicines is another big driver of costs. The cost represents years of research, and patent protection. And demand is increasing: From 1999 to 2009, the number of prescriptions purchased in the United States grew 39 percent, while the population rose 9 percent.
The Autism Society of Greater Cleveland will hold its monthly support meeting for parents and professionals 6:30-8:30 p.m. May 8 at the Independence Civic Center, 6363 Selig Drive, Independence.
Both of the Daugherty pieces were Pacific Symphony co-commissions. The composer likes to evoke American cultural icons in his works – he has written an opera on Jacqueline Onassis, a symphony on Superman, a string quartet on Elvis – and perhaps it's getting tiresome.
The White House says the Korean agreement could put as many as 70,000 Americans to work, welcome news with the latest unemployment figures showing nearly stagnant job growth. Exports of U.S. goods to South Korea could soar to $10 billion, a prospect that cheered the U.S. Chamber of Commerce as well as some Republicans. The deal is subject to congressional approval.
"Publishing this data is not about demonizing teachers," Reiss said. "It's going to create a more market-driven approach to results."
After all, this is the same woman who in 1973 beat Bobby Riggs in three straight sets in the "Battle of the Sexes." A longtime advocate against sexism, she was named one of the 100 most important Americans of the 20th century by Life magazine. She was one of just four athletes on the list, and the only female athlete.
"They are operating completely illegally, and Ecology is allowing them to do that," said Brett VandenHeuvel, director of Columbia Riverkeeper, which filed the suit against Chinook last year.
FEELING FRUSTRATED
The Magic's third loss in four games came in emphatic fashion Monday, as the club fell 85-59 to a Chicago team playing without Derrick Rose. The Bulls held Orlando (30-18) to its lowest scoring output at home in more than 11 years.
The state funding for transportation in the Granite City district dropped from $2,351,306 in 2010-2011 to $1,885,369 in 2011-2012.
The measures were adopted in advance of the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte.
They also had a towel-waving sellout crowd of 69,732 behind them at Candlestick Park on a beautiful sunny winter day in the Bay Area. It was 62 degrees at kickoff.
"Yes, AT&T, the company I faithfully pay $163.18 on time, every month, every year.
Before my grandmother died in 2005, her kids, grandkids and their spouses got a group photo taken for her. We all dressed up -- which feels really weird when you're walking through Kmart to the photo studio in back -- and got photos taken by someone who obviously had been on the job for about an hour (apparently no one explained yet that one needs light to make pictures visible). And now we've got a picture in which there's at least one spouse who's no longer part of the family, which kind of ruins the chances of anyone hanging up the photo for which we paid good money, especially at my house.
James' passion for basketball came early and it came hot. As an eighth grader, she would ride the city bus to get her shots up at Miller Career. Phoenix coach Darrin White remembers thinking this wasn't your ordinary kid.
You also had to like the little exchange of bumps Orlando's Quentin Richardson had with James. Afterwards, James was predictably boring about it, telling reporters, "I’m just trying to play the game of basketball. That’s what that was all about."
BLIZZARD OF COMPETITION
The man was released to a family member and made to leave the hospital.
"If anybody can pull this off, it's Express Scripts," said Ed Lawrence, a finance professor at the University of Missouri-St. Louis, who co-authored a company-financed study of Express Scripts' economic impact on St. Louis.
In the case, which is being watched in several states, the recall committee sought the removal of Menendez (D-N.J.), whose six-year term expires in 2012. The Committee to Recall Senator Robert Menendez says on its website that it opposes the senator’s votes on health care and cap and trade and that he has "consistently voted for legislation favoring illegal immigration and irresponsible fiscal spending."
Ed McManimon, whose Newark-based McManimon & Scotland law firm specializes in public finance, was critical of what he described as Moody’s overemphasis on falling town surpluses as the reason for the downgrades. But, he said, the ramifications can’t be dismissed.
Catches were decent in both, with some nice kokanee caught in Wickiup and at least one four-plus pound brook trout from Crane Prairie, Schatz said.
In this economy, discounters like Gordmans have resonated with consumers, even in the relatively affluent areas such as Chesterfield. He noted that about 13 percent of his shoppers have household incomes above $100,000.
How much would Mangini need to win to become the creative, West Coast kind of guy of Holmgren's dreams? Answer: short of going to the playoffs -- which Holmgren and Heckert had to know was next to impossible -- his firing was inevitable.
The claims appear to stem largely from studies showing that the molecule may improve endurance and energy in people with heart or vascular disease. But to conclude that it would do the same in healthy people is a big leap, says Dr. Ziv Haskal, professor of radiology and surgery at the University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore.
And, Wednesday's indictments strongly implied, there might be more shocking revelations to come.
An investment advisor for the St. Louis firefighters pension trustees recently told them he expected a lean year for U.S. equities. He advocated a conservative investment approach to minimize risk. He said he expected a 10-year expected return of 7.5 percent – slightly under the system's target – but said it was "not an issue." He estimated the system had about a 50 percent chance of meeting its investment goal.
267 Ferry St., Newark; (973) 344-3041; solmar-restaurant.com
The bonuses were not formally approved by the board, though they were reviewed by board chairman Charles Wilhoite.
Certainly an economy that threatens rain motivates us to seek shelter. But are we chasing the art of the deal, or are we in it partly for sport?
Niwot 29, Skyline 19
The Paris-based Reporters Without Borders said Tuesday it recorded 32 attacks on journalists during clashes last Friday in the Egyptian. It said at least 20 reporters were assaulted or beaten and 11 injured. The New-York based Committee to Protect Journalists, meanwhile, urged Egypt's ruling military council to investigate allegations that two journalists were "viciously beaten up by soldiers."
The FDA issued the rule in 1977 but never enforced it, following vigorous pushback from members of Congress and lobbyists for farmers and drugmakers. Four public safety groups sued the agency to act on the regulation, winning the case handed down in the U.S. District Court of Southern New York on March 22. The agency was given 60 days to appeal the decision.
I have strong feelings on this subject because I feel I've seen so much coercion and manipulation from the pulpit over my lifetime. Manipulation, especially. Pastors have a unique position from which to speak, a privilege that most people in the church never have. They should handle it carefully. These are a few of my thoughts:
Am I the only one that noticed that in the wedding and engagement notices in the March 28 Journal, only one couple had any connection to St. Charles County? The other ones, who cares?
Stand-up for Diversity comedy night
Good Wins (In RPI Top 50): Georgetown (10), Connecticut (32), VCU (38)
They think youre a slug?
Born in Dublin in 1916, le Brocquy traveled widely in Europe throughout his seven-decade career and was an accomplished painter in oil and watercolors, an illustrator, lithographer, sculptor and tapestry maker. His best-known works regularly commanded six-figure prices at auctions over the past two decades, reflecting his status as Ireland's greatest living painter.
HILLSIDE — Authorities have released a surveillance photo of the man who robbed thousands of dollars from a Hillside bank on Valentine's Day.
Marcus Camby's MRI came back negative, we're told. That's good news for Portland. Brandon Roy has had his double surgery. That's good news, I think, because I can't count Roy out --- not yet. I've also been alerted to a reduced-ticket price offer that made me wonder if we're all ready for a road trip.
Some researchers immediately suspected the pomelo graft as the cause of the infection. There are strains of prized Chinese pomelo not available in the U.S. The fear had long been that a smuggled tree would carry the disease.
It's now unclear if construction on the bridge will begin in a year as originally scheduled, Mike Pullen, a spokesman for Multnomah County, said Tuesday night. "It could delay the project," he said. "It could mean the whole project takes much longer."
Yet the debate on SB 228 was marked by misleading claims and
1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened
Today, I have asked GLAAD president Jarrett Barrios to stand with me and others and ask for an immediate boycott of Newsweek magazine until an apology is issued to Sean Hayes and other brave out actors who were cruelly singled out in this damaging, needlessly cruel, and mind-blowingly bigoted piece. An apology should also be issued to all gay readers of the hardworking Americans who, if this article is to be believed, should only identify themselves as "queeny" people (a word used by Setoodeh in the article) who stand at the back of the bus and embrace an outdated decades old stereotype.
What you'll see: Five residential gardens in Walnut Creek designed by John Montgomery Landscape Architects of Alamo.
øIf the No. 10 falls out of the top 35, Patrick would need to qualify on speed in her first trip to Darlington, whose egg-shaped layout is among the trickiest in NASCAR and has been dubbed "The Track Too Tough To Tame."
Unions defend their efforts, saying the work helps all working people, unionized or not.
The extra emergency money approved by the Legislature will be available to unemployed Oregonians 14 days after Kulongoski signs the bill. That would be just in time to help about 12,000 jobless Oregonians who will see their benefits run out in late March or early April, said Craig Spivey, spokesman for the Oregon Employment Department.
"We got a chance to win the game three times with our top two scorers. I think I'll take that 100 percent of the time," Centennial coach Chad Hollwedel said. "They didn't fall … but there's no doubt that this made us better."
The argument in favor of drones is obvious and compelling. Americans troops do not have to be deployed on the ground in areas where local and international resentment might be raised. Equally important are the domestic advantages. Drone strikes haven't led to politically inconvenient anti-war protests in city streets across the country!
Mr. Clinton traces this development to the election of Ronald Reagan as president in 1980. Mr. Reagan had campaigned on a pledge to cut taxes and shrink the size of government, and when his administration took office it immediately set about dismantling programs dedicated to improving education, housing, health care, nutrition and environmental protection. Under the rubric of eliminating government "waste and fraud," it shredded the social safety net while deregulating banks and businesses and pouring billions into a massive defense buildup.
The purpose of the no-fly list, created after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, is exactly what the name suggests -- to block those on the list from flying in or above the United States.
Neighborhood patrols serve a valuable purpose, and Shomrim, the organization to which Eliyahu Werdesheim belonged at the time, has long been lauded for its efforts in Northwest Baltimore. But the role of such groups is different from the role of the police, and Mr. Werdesheim's actions, rather than making the community safer, unnecessarily put himself and others at risk.
The two grants -- one from an anonymous donor and another from the foundation's incoming 2010-11 president, John Stirek, and his wife, Kate -- were given specifically to the foundation's Stafford Society Endowment Fund, which is valued at about $250,000 to $300,000, including cash, securities, equities and property.
In a ruling opposed by 4 Conservative Party members of the 11-member committee, the panel cast serious doubt on Murdoch's credentials as an executive.
Since that only covers lunch (and shrimp eaters), keep in mind the Kalaheo Cafe for breakfast and lunch, about a 10-minute drive to its mauka (toward the mountains) location along the main highway. Carb lovers, you have your choice of white or brown rice, or hash browns or cafe fries, as well as several kinds of toast, with a wide variety of egg dishes; most dishes, including sandwiches, are well under $10.
DST Systems Inc. rose 5 cents, or 0.09 percent, to close at $56.03.
Clive Thomas, a long-time Palin observer who's writing a book on Alaska politics, said he's not sure what the emails will contain - or whether their contents will affect people's perceptions of Palin.
More than 98 percent of Continental votes cast and 75 percent of shares outstanding -- about 140 million -- were voted in favor of the transaction. There was no immediate word on the percentages for 168 million United shares.
To start the discussions, The Stump regularly features The Oregonian's editorials, columns, letters to the editor, the work of cartoonist, Jack Ohman, and the writings of columnists Susan Nielsen and David Sarasohn. It also includes the many local and national writers who contribute to the newspaper, and it regularly guides readers to interesting political discussions on other Northwest blogs.
Q. Could your singing career go beyond this movie?
It's not what James did that should evoke comparisons to the Browns' move; it's the sickening, maybe even cruel, way he did it. Thursday's nauseating spectacle on ESPN should have made any self-respecting sports fan rush to the shower. No questions about tanking a playoff game, about being a king with no rings. Just 60 minutes of it's-all-about-me with a handful of journalists and not much journalism.
The Timbers talked about their soaring confidence after finishing the preseason with an unbeaten record. However, as the Timbers found out Saturday night, the regular season is very different.
In recent years, Pfizer probably wouldn't have considered such a small market worth further investment, company employees say. Yet today, that experimental therapy is Xalkori, newly approved for a rare form of lung cancer, for which Pfizer plans to charge $115,200 a year per patient.
The departments of Justice and Health and Human Services have stepped up their efforts to combat Medicare fraud in recent years, and say they are trying to shift their focus to stopping the government from paying false claims rather than trying to recover the money later.
"January and February of last year were really its first full-volume months," Goebel said. He added that the car continues to sell well (nationwide, Cruze sales were up about 10 percent last month) but sales in this region have slowed.
But suffice it to say that this is a movie about ritual sacrifice — both the kind demanded by ancient gods, and by modern movie audiences. And sometimes even fate requires a little help to push it along.
Sidener goes before the West Orange Planning Board in January of 2007 to argue for a new home, leased space about a mile from the church. The school tentatively has entered into a lease for 3,200 square feet of a Pleasant Valley Way building.
Help in transition
Loyal Team Gary: "Hunger Games" fans might fight between Team Peeta and Team Gale. Does the director get any love? "There are not many people on Team Gary," said director Ross. "Actually, it's two people. My kids." But as if on cue, the fans cheered him on with chants of "Gary" and Ross seemed taken aback. "Isn't that wild?" he laughed. "Hunger Games" love goes a long way.
"The Forest Service is out there," the dispatcher said.
The Abell report said the state could do more to ensure that providers don't game a system that gives them far-reaching autonomy. Since 2006, the state agency has removed 50 providers for not obtaining the proper insurance, not reapplying or not serving their full two-year commitment, state officials said.
The original $85 billion aid package came one day after Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy, the largest in U.S. corporate history. AIG burned through the first lifeline, though, and continued to hemorrhage cash. It needed help three more times from the government, which owns about 80 percent of the company because of the bailout.
Teixeira dos Santos did not specify whose views he was referring to. The European Commission, the European Central Bank and the German government all denied they were asking Portugal to take financial aid.
I make my pesto with pine nuts, since I've noticed that if I toast up some extra, my daughter eats them like popcorn while she's making the sauce. If your kid likes walnuts, which are cheaper, use them instead.
Hollande wants to modify one of Sarkozy's key reforms, over the retirement age, to allow some people to retire at 60 instead of 62. He wants to hire more teachers and increase spending in a range of sectors, and ease France off its dependence on nuclear energy. He also favors legalizing euthanasia and gay marriage.
There was no replay of the moment during the 1976 photo shoot when the original pig broke free of its moorings and floated into the flight path for Heathrow Airport. It was later found in a farmer's field.
The Chevrolet Volt, which sells in Europe as the Opel Ampera, has been named European Car of the Year by automotive journalists from 23 countries.
We can talk about issues that are important to you; people and places I should know about; or whatever else comes up. If you're pressed for time, a quick hello would be great.
3 ounces thinly sliced Canadian bacon
For now, though, president Ted Phillips couldn't be more pleased. When he looked to replace Angelo, he was intrigued by the Patriots' approach, a point bolstered by the fact that the two finalists (Emery and Jason Licht) had learned it.
1 small eggplant, peeled and cut into 12 equal pieces
The short answer: It depends.
Some reader commenting on the Talk of the Day have criticized the depth of the reporting. They say Brito's comments are reported pretty much unfiltered. These critics ask that the newspaper challenge Brito's assertions. The reporters conducted the interview in Brito's New York offices in the afternoon. Some of it went online right after. They filed for the newspaper and flew home (with long flight delays.)
When Hassan Martin went down with a season-ending injury, it put more pressure on the 6-foot-6 Edwards as Curtis’ lone big man. The uncommitted senior who has an offer from St. Francis College stepped up to the challenge, averageed 13 points and 12 rebounds per game and was instrumental in the Warriors’ run to a second SIHSL title in three years.
2011 statistics: As a quarterback, he passed for 790 yards and eight touchdowns while rushing for 2,134 yards and 25 scores. On defense he had 79 tackles and two interceptions on defense. Named 4A second-team all-state quarterback and first-team defensive back.
Later, some immigration-patrol-related emails that were thought to have been deleted by the sheriff's office turned out to have been saved by the county as part of an unrelated lawsuit.
“America’s seen me go from Olympic glory to Biggest Loser. I want to go back to Olympic glory again,” he said. “It’s kind of the American way, rebuilding yourself and remodeling yourself and making yourself more of who you are.”
Fife and her daughter have appeared on Fox News and local TV stations and Fife has been interviewed by The New York Times, The Associated Press and several other news outlets. The attention also has generated small donations and offers to sponsor a lemonade stand from people as far away as Tennessee.
Cons: Jamie's biggest objection was to the contortionist, a guy in boxers who inverted his body in impressive but thoroughly disgusting ways. I'm pretty sure that sequence has been shortened over the years; I always look away, too. Blech.
"I am excited about coming home," Lewis said. "I'll take the year off and rehab and get back to 100 percent. I'll get acquainted with the system and get to know the guys in the program. I am looking forward to being a part of Coach Waters' vision and helping Cleveland State as best I can."
101 Cody Kelly WES Daniel Griffin BPI Dec 8-2 4.0
It took kids to point this out, if only symbolically. Maybe we shouldn't be surprised by this. So far this week, we've only seen adults get fired, adults avoid accountability, adults apparently engage in a massive cover-up that nobody will ever understand.
The plan, prepared by the economic development task force, identifies areas in the village where staff would like to attract commercial development, including South Route 59, downtown and 143rd Street.
"I am really excited about his attention and confident he will come through for us,’’ she added.
Darry Sragow, a longtime Democratic consultant who is serving as Americans Elect's political adviser, points out that Californians have made three attempts to break the lock - voting for term limits, redistricting and most recently, a top-two primary - yet are even more frustrated with Sacramento.
Now the roommate, Dharun Ravi, is on trial in Middlesex County and faces charges of invasion of privacy, bias intimidation and hindering apprehension.
The Lancer girls were led by Alexis Anton, who won the 400 in 1:02.49 and the 800 in 2:27.52. She had teammates finish closely behind her in both races as Megan Porter was third in the 400 in 1:05.50 and Halle Markel was second in the 800 in 2:29.79.
Why is that relevant? Is that really what readers need from us?
Thomas is the second defensive back to commit to Arizona from last week's group of eight visitors. The other was Yamen Sanders from Culver City (Calif.) High School.
Next to her sat guest Craig Poitra, in his usual corner at a table nearest the kitchen. His hair was slick from the rain. He had walked from Raleigh Hills, he said. He dug into his chicken mulligan stew, mostly silent. He made sure to thank Leppert and the other volunteers. "They know that I appreciate them," Poitra said.
Menendez has not yet released his most recent fundraising report, but as of December 31 he had almost $8.2 million in the bank.
A search of the newspaper's archives found that Hester Reeves had tutored the Lincoln children in Springfield, Ill., before she married Reeves.
The Lions had another double champion, Simmons in the shot put and discus.
Total foreign holdings of Treasury debt increased 1.9 percent to $4.66 trillion, the Treasury Department said Wednesday.
Jewsbury was drafted by Sporting Kansas City, then the Kansas City Wizards, in the fifth round (43rd overall) of the 2003 MLS SuperDraft. In his second professional season, Jewsbury played a role in the club's successful 2004 campaign, which included winning the Western Conference championship, appearing in the MLS Cup and capturing the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup.
And it happened in real time. I swear, at one point construction workers were building the course behind me. I was coming home from work one day, picking my way through the random Jersey barriers and bits of fencing when I must have taken a wrong turn. Maybe I went left past the grandstand that I had previously turned right from, but suddenly I was trapped.
The Once-ler tells of how as a young man he came upon a forest of Truffula trees which were perfect material for his invention, a versatile garment called a thneed.
Some of the new Nets gear was slick; some of it wasn't. A few T-shirts were kind of corny, like one that read "Brownstone Ballers" and the saw-it-coming-a-1000-miles away shirts that said NO SLEEP TILL. The best stuff is the plainest, like the basic tees with BROOKLYN and the B basketball logo. It's muted, a little retro, almost a tiny bit McSweeney's. It feels spare, handmade. I don't want to say it looks artisanal because you will want to punch me in the face, and I will want to punch myself in the face, too.
With so many military bases in and around Maryland, we are in a unique position to lead the nation toward better mental health care for the men and women of the military and their families. Everyone has problems; we may be strapped for cash, seeking employment or overwhelmed by our own personal disasters. But I believe that the people of Maryland are generous, caring and intelligent. We are ready to spend what we must to care for these men and women, whether in dollars or volunteer hours.
In addition to his nephew, survivors include a sister, Helen Pitts Vaughan of Roanoke; and another nephew, Gary M. Vaughan of Lexington, Va.
The result of the decriminalization of Oregon’s mandatory reporting law was that violations have rarely been prosecuted; district attorneys barely have the resources to prosecute crimes, so non-criminal offenses are low on the priority list (if they make the list at all).
The main sticking point is funding. Dayton's plan would heavily rely on tax revenue from gambling, which Republicans and other critics argue isn't a stable funding source and would leave local taxpayers responsible for the cost if gambling proceeds decline.
Clearly the crew has been well trained, and a convivial spirit permeates the place, but at times the servers can be annoying. One time we got a running commentary on the dishes our server would order, how quickly we ate our crudo, and the fact that we switched plates and shared tastes. Another time the server continually barged into our conversations rather than alerting us of his presence before he spoke.
Ratner, the director known for the Oscar-proof "Rush Hour" franchise, said "rehearsal's for fags" when asked to describe his directorial style during a screening of his new movie, "Tower Heist," starring Murphy.
"What a coach, what a manager. He's a great guy, a role model with many years as a coach ahead of him. I am not sure anyone can replicate what he has done at Barcelona." — Chelsea coach Roberto di Matteo, whose team beat Barcelona in the Champions League semifinals.
McQueary has come under fire because — like Paterno — he did not immediately alert law enforcement authorities of the incident. Bradley said whether or not McQueary is removed from the staff is up to interim athletic director Mark Sherburne.
Fountain Bowl
Cnet rating: 8 out of 10 (excellent)
"I didn't really push it too hard, physically, and no battle drills, so I don't know where it's at right there," he said. "Realistic is probably Game 2. I mean, if it feels good enough to go in Game 1, then obviously I'm going to go."
When she won a dozen electric can openers from GE through a sweepstakes, she used two as gifts and took the other 10 to a flea market and sold them for $10 each.
More information on the library and museum can be found at
The chair, announced in July 2010, was established with a $2 million endowment from the Mabel Dorn Reeder Foundation. It is awarded, based on "excellence in artistry and leadership within the orchestra and the community," to a member of the SLSO for a five-year period, and is accompanied by a one-time $10,000 stipend for professional development.
TRENTON — The 14 delegates who accompanied Gov. Chris Christie on his trip to Israel paid for their own airfare and hotel, according to the governor’s office. The Republican Jewish Coalition paid the transportation and hotel costs — including the flight to Israel via private plane — for the eight members of the Christie family: Christie; his wife, Mary Pat; three of their four children; his father, stepmother and mother-in-law.
10t. i-Andy Hwang (Cupertino); Bradley Knox and Kevin Knox (Sacred Heart Prep) 73; 13t. Andrew Vetter (Sacred Heart Prep); i-Isaiah Salinda (Serra); i-Robbie Parden (Saratoga) and Scott Riley (Stevenson) 74; 14t. Justin Goh (St. Ignatius); i-Matt Tinyo and i-Max Culhane (Menlo-Atherton) and Shintaro Ban (Archbishop Mitty) 75.
During spring training, Morneau mentioned the fine line he walked, trying to loosen up the wrist from the surgery and being careful not to overdo it. Morneausaid the latest setback actually started more than two weeks ago at Tampa Bay.
During training, Davern rewards dogs not with treats but with games of tug of war. In practice situations, she says, the dogs are looking for the person who's going to play with them. In real-life situations, "they're not rescuing people," she adds. "They just have an over-the-top desire to find the person they think has the toy."
“This is a team that we have some background with relative to most of the other NFC teams we’ve played through the years. We know how good they are,” Belichick said, praising the Giants’ coaches, ownership and front office.
Eric Adelson, Yahoo! Sports: "Petrino paid off an employee, Jessica Dorrell, to the tune of $20,000. He helped her candidacy for a job that had 159 other applicants, and made sure it was, in Long's words, 'shorter than our normal affirmative action hiring process.' And (as if that wasn't enough), Petrino lied to his bosses about his motorcycle accident and an adulterous relationship. Open and shut case, right? Yet how many of us thought Arkansas would look the other way instead of doing the right thing because it had a top-10 team and huge home games this season? How many of us thought Arkansas brass would choose the shame of letting a rascal skate over the shame of losing to Alabama after firing the guy who won 11 games last year? Keeping Petrino would have made Arkansas a punch line for a week. Firing him makes the program a potential punching bag for a season, or longer – in a state without a pro franchise or another major university. Remember Rick Pitino and his ugly incident in a restaurant? He just made the Final Four. Think any replacement coach would have done that? Unlikely. Pitino's a hero now, and Louisville fans are likely thanking their lucky stars he was kept."
When Don and Darla Daley dine at restaurants near their Royal Oak home, they no longer drive their car.
He said he has not accepted another job. "I'll spend the course of the next year reflecting on what my options will be," Fleming said in an interview.
The speediest new attraction is Cheetah Hunt, a steel roller coaster that opened in May at Busch Gardens in Tampa. It tops out at 60 mph and at one point sprints into the park's Serengeti Plain with the help of one of three magnetic launches.
Louisville fans now know where the real joy lies—the joy of the struggle.
Walker said one component of the garden will include vegetables and/or herbs geared to some of the many international-themed restaurants in the area. Last year, the garden included varieties of greens that ended up on the plates at soul-food restaurant Lynn's Cafe, 3748 Lafayette Road.
From September to November, Anoka County also will be doing a project adjacent to this one at 7th Avenue and Main Street to upgrade the intersection.
The pact by Moreland Hills, Orange, Pepper Pike and Woodmere is the biggest step toward regionalism this county of 59 municipalities has ever seen. And it marks the latest big idea under a new county charter that promotes cooperation among political subdivision.
Our best dish was French dip, made with thin slices of roasted cross-rib Angus beef and excellent house-made jus that begins with veal stock and a mirepoix (a combination of diced celery, onion and carrot). We substituted sliced Pugliese bread for the soft roll, lost the caramelized onions and added sautéed mushrooms. Soaked in the jus, the sandwich was delicious.
UNION TWP.. — A 63-year-old Phillipsburg woman was hit while driving on State Highway 173 at about 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, April 25, according to Perryville State Police.
Lindner's veterinarian took the sickest wolf-dog (she has another hybrid) and four of the animals have gone to other rescues.
Smith previously directed Air Bud, another family-friendly animal story. As an actor, Smith played "Terry the Toad" in 1973's American Graffiti, and a member of the Crickets in The Buddy Holly Story.
He didn't anticipate trouble, but said the medication could trigger or exacerbate bleeding in Steve's brain, making deficits from the stroke more profound than they were. Worse, Fanale told them, it could kill him.
Another famous pair of siblings (who often appear in films together) are John and Joan Cusack. The pair appear in several movies together, including "Sixteen Candles," "Grosse Pointe Blank" and "Say Anything." As much as I find John Cusack likeable in movies, Joan often steals the show.
With rookie point guard Armon Johnson still on assignment with Idaho Stampede of the NBA Development League, the Blazers had eight healthy bodies for practice Monday, so scrimmaging was again limited to four-on-four.
In countries where train service is poor, buses are the way most people travel long distances. A first-class bus in Mexico or Turkey (or autobús and otobüs, respectively) is far better than Greyhound -- and nothing like the pictures you sometimes see of people holding chickens on their laps or squatting on the roof.
Wayne Township firefighters were called to 8909 W. Washington St. shortly after 3 a.m. Crews brought the fire under control in about 30 minutes.
Of the 130 candidates, two each in the 65 runoff elections, 69 are conservative opponents of Ahmadinejad, about 26 favor the president and the rest are centrists.
Perhaps Kliros will be in luck. Thomas said he has been told he can apply for the part-time position of running the MS center. Apparently, no U.S. citizens are available.
"That felt good," Louis-Dreyfus said, walking off the set with a bounce as she headed over to a monitor to see a playback.
Video of the annual riderless race in Ronciglione shows that horses there do make turns, although the surface is slippery and they don't seem to be running at full speed. In the Cajun match races, McNamara said owners who didn't use jockeys would hedge their bets by tying beer cans filled with rocks to the horses' manes to scare them into running harder or, in some cases, fastening on a live chicken. To save the horses from missing turns, he said, the tracks were laid out as straightaways of about a quarter mile.
Project: "Our Shared Environment." an artist/engineer-designed overpass on Arizona 51with specially designed concrete and adobe wall reliefs.
SPI tries to find plausible explanations for what is going on.
Durant finished fifth in the voting last season, when Chicago's Derrick Rose won it, and second in 2010.
Tesla gained 9.6% to $32.96 Thursday.
June 17: Final arguments made in federal court; the case goes to the judge.
D Breanna Brukalo, McKee/Staten Island Tech
coordinator Kevin Steele, who had come under heavy criticism after the Tigers allowed a bowl-record 70 points in the Tigers' loss to West Virginia in the Orange Bowl last week, said he is leaving the Atlantic Coast Conference champions to pursue other coaching opportunities. (AP)
Dixon had six points in MU's 19-0 opening blitz, which featured William & Mary missing its first eight shots and committing 10 turnovers before finally getting on the board on Matt Rum's 3-pointer with 8 minutes 28 seconds left in the first half.
The project would fill part of a largely vacant building just off Public Square. But it could hurt the property's ability to win tax credits for historic preservation - incentives that have helped developers remake vacant buildings across the state.
In experiments at what is now the James J. Peters VA Medical Center in the Bronx, N.Y., and the Mount Sinai School of Medicine, Lieber fed baboons the equivalent of a fifth of liquor every day for up to four years -- no mean feat in itself, Pace noted, because the animals do not like the taste of booze.
-- A.T.
"We will continue to increase communication between the district and the community, to reach out to students who may have questions or may have been thinking of leaving the district," White said, "to continue to reclaim the students who have already left the district."
Amid the summer's recording sessions, Rzepka is playing jazz at Cleveland's Velvet Tango Room, Nighttown in Cleveland Heights and in Detroit. He'll show his classical and jazz stuff in concert Wednesday, July 15, at the Akron Public Library.
The 44-seat restaurant showcases an eclectic menu full of heartfelt touches. The menu is seasonal, and most of the produce comes from the farmers' market. And, although the menu doesn't scream "organic" in every description, a note at the bottom points out that many ingredients are organic and are heirloom varietals when possible.
It was his lowest round of the year, but he wasn't making any grand claims about his improved game.
Keep gathering FastPasses until you've got all of the top rides covered. I'd recommend, in order, Star Tours, Space Mountain, Splash Mountain and Indiana Jones Adventure. Those are by far the busiest rides in the park.
Sex, power, class and race. The scandals encircling French politician Dominique Strauss-Kahn, who is accused of sexually assaulting an African-born maid in New York, and Arnold Schwarzenegger, who has confessed to having a child out of wedlock with a Latina housekeeper, for all their differences, conjure major taboos.
"I just view every practice as an opportunity to compete with Luke and Dave and get better," Gabbert said. "They've been around the league for a very long time, and they've been successful. So I look at it as a chance to go out there and learn from those guys.
The most important decision is whether to start those intensive treatments at all.
One Christmas Eve, a woman called, yelling: "Why haven't you delivered our Christmas gifts?" She had been on the giving list in prior years, but donations had dropped off, and we had to make some cuts. She was irate.
"I think we can still defeat it at the legislative level once I have clarity on what the bill is and what it's going to say," said Butler, a Methodist pastor and executive director of the California Coalition Against Gambling Expansion.
View full sizeMichael Yarish/AMCHow not to sell Cool Whip: Don (Jon Hamm), Peggy (Elisabeth Moss) and Ken (Aaron Staton) try to pretend everything's business as usual.The intimations of mortality that have shaded this season of "Mad Men" returned in Sunday's episode, "Lady Lazarus." That title is a reference to Sylvia Plath's poem, which immediately again raises the specter of suicide, an oddly recurring note in some of Don's turns of phrase in earlier episodes. Plath's poem touches on several of this season's emerging themes, with its Holocaust imagery (Ginsberg's being born in a concentration camp); repeated mentions of suicide and rebirth; and depiction of woman as both victim and seductive force ("I eat men like air").
Even though Thomas Robinson and Jeff Withey take 7-footer Tyler Zeller out of the equation — it's no secret that Zeller does not like going against physical big men — that only crosses out one of Carolina's herd of scorers. Much like he did against Marquette in the Sweet 16 last year, Harrison Barnes has a game to remember and sends the Tar Heels to their 19th Final Four. North Carolina, 85-80.
Anderson got the idea from his involvement with the Highland Park hackerspace FUBAR Labs, established three years ago. Members there are building a liquid fuel rocket motor, planning an all-day Arduino Workshop at the Trenton Computer Festival on Saturday , and working with student groups interested in technology.
His beguiling new album, "Revolution," exudes cool sophistication without sacrificing catchy accessibility, with guest appearances by Andy Summers of the Police and Benmont Tench of Tom Petty's Heartbreakers.
Now, Steelman is going for round two: Por Que No, Otra Vez -- which has 1,500 square feet of space -- will replace Lloyd's Upholstery at 4635 S.E. Hawthorne Blvd. in early summer. Steelman, 33, who grew up outside Sacramento, claims a long love affair with Mexican street food. Chef Josh Kimball, who will oversee the kitchens at both locations, and Steelman make annual R&D trips to Mexico.
But, arguably the biggest leap into the national arena came Friday morning when President Obama made his first comments on the issue. At an appearance to announce the nomination of a new World Bank president, Obama responded to a reporter’s question by calling the Martin case a tragedy that must be thoroughly investigated.
Rabbi Rivkin came from a long line of rabbis - he was the 40th generation, according to the family's count.
Q: How is lending going?
Alonso pushed a plan to float $1.2 billion in bonds, while Rawlings-Blake supported her more modest $300 million approach.
What's encouraging is that two of the past three Mr. Irrelevants made NFL active rosters. Last year, Rice's Cheta Ozougwu made the cut with Houston. In 2009, Kansas City kept South Carolina kicker Ryan Succop.
The students have filmed alumni, such as City Councilman and former police chief Bernard C. Parks and television newscaster Patrick Healy, as well as some of the Dominican fathers who first ran the school. They have taken still camera shots and gathered historic photos.
Protesters have long called for the military to immediately step down, but the generals have responded by saying they would stick to the timetable they announced for the transfer of power.
"They've understood where they've been and they weren't happy with it," Wilkinson said. "For us, our recent performances haven't been great, and this game meant a lot to us."
While admiring the "spiral lawn," I bumped into Spencer Supinger, a civil engineer from Merced, Calif., who came to the zoo with his wife and 2-year-old daughter. Supinger's little girl was sprinting around the spiral lawn while he was admiring how the zoo disguised something as basic as a drainage ditch.
This wouldn't stop the president from criticizing Mr. Santorum's policy positions in the general election, but it also means we would see a campaign in which policy would have to be discussed in a meaningful way. Could we be so lucky?
The law was passed in 2007 following a state report that found exorbitant benefits for some school superintendents, including clothing allowances, chauffer services and sick-time payments running into the hundreds of thousands of dollars.
"This is actually my first event, but a lot of girls have done in Rio," Athena Angelopoulos, 21, of Queens said, referencing an earlier race in Brazil.
The art of charcuterie is thousands of years old, with its origins dating back to Roman times. With a newly modern approach to meat making it possible to find cured meats that are well made, and even healthy, charcuterie has become increasingly popular. Look for artisanal charcuterie that uses high–quality and natural ingredients, preferably organic, and hormone–free meats with fine seasonings, salts and herbs from a place like Claro's Italian Market with locations throughout the L.A. area. There's much to choose from: cured meats, pâtés, terrines and gourmet sausages. Alberto Sollis, of The Rogers Collection, helped us narrow down our choices to Spanish charcuterie and cheese. For charcuterie, he suggests Jamón Ibérico, also called pata negra, a cured ham produced mostly in Spain; Serrano Ham, or mountain ham, is a dry–cured Spanish pork generally served raw sliced thinly or diced; and Cured Pork Tenderloin, from one of the leanest meats available.
Iredale said Chong, an engineering student at the University of California, San Diego, went to his friend's house on April 20 to get high. Every April 20, pot smokers light up in a counterculture ritual held around the country at 4:20 p.m.
The second suspect crashed through the front picture window of the home and fled.
Giusto himself tried that approach last year to rid his agency of a deputy caught stopping women on false grounds. Investigators found that Chris Green asked several women to lift their shirts, remove their bra or unzip their pants in a fake search for a tattooed suspect. Green allegedly lied when questioned by a supervisor.
That evening we walked the grounds and watched lightning in the west streak across the night sky, illuminating the piles of clouds that had built up over the mountains. We slept restlessly to the sounds of the wind, the distant storm and owls calling through the trees.
May 20 (tribute band day)
The Union are sitting in second place with 13 points in the Eastern Conference and have been one of the league's surprises this season.
The house was bursting at the seams with tourists, too.
The showdown should be evident this weekend when nine counties -- including Snohomish and Clark -- hold conventions to elect delegates to the state GOP convention, where the national delegates will be picked in June.
"We’re going to play the game, whatever the game calls for," said Manto, the Sox's roving hitting instructor four seasons. "I know taking pitches and taking strikes, that works for some but doesn’t work for everyone. You analyze each situation and get it right."
The game was expected to be a tight, defensive struggle and
Since the four proposed sites were identified in March 2011, they have been going through a federal process, outlined in the National Environmental Policy Act, that involves assessing each site for environmental, economic, archaeological and other issues.
Chen's documentation and the international media attention it drew at the time had prompted the National Population and Family Planning Commission to investigate. The agency validated Chen's claims and said in late 2005 that some Linyi officials had been punished, with some of them removed from their posts and others detained.
The Quakes don't sound concerned about the offense despite the absence of Chavez and Salinas.
Total revenue growth for the S&P 500 should top 10 percent for the first time since 2006, S&P senior index analyst Howard Silverblatt expects. Most of the growth is coming from bigger spending by companies, rather than by consumers.
"Charter schools are still public schools and are still subject to the California Constitution. They can't get around the problem by saying it only impacts the GPA and not your ability to take the class," said Blair-Loy, who was made aware of the situation by the U-T. "If you have to pay the fee to get a higher GPA, then that's pay-to-play and that's illegal."
øThe proposal included an out-clause, however, by having the commission review the impact of the race-day ban in 2013.
Back in Multnomah Village, Jody Dolan, 35, a former special education teacher, ponders what makes Portland so Democratic as she waits for her daughter to finish a ballet class at the Multnomah Community Center.
And the best part for entrepreneurial Caine? The museum has offered to pay him $100 to build his not-patented, impossible to master, cardboard claw machine, with a string and an S-hook serving as "the claw."
So let’s celebrate by planting a tree, taking a hike or class, volunteering to clean up a park, or how about accepting a challenge to learn the names and stories of 10 native trees.
In between taking phone calls from reporters Thursday, the Rev. Marek Bozek paged through a huge Bible in the sacristy of St. Stanislaus Kostka Catholic Church, looking for the perfect readings for a Mass of Thanksgiving.
Jeffery scored 23 points to lead the Colorado women's basketball team to a 64-55 win over South Dakota on Monday night in the second round of the Women's NIT at the DakotaDome.
Republicans in Elyria will choose their candidate for mayor in the May 3 primary. Early voting has begun.
Take advantage of the pet-relief area outside the Lost and Found Office on the baggage claim level, but pets must be leashed.
The auction, started by Tom Barrett and Russ Jackson in 1971, posted $650,000 in sales that first year. The auction posted $68 million in sales in 2010. -- The Arizona Republic ________________________________________________________________________
"She was concerned that when she died, there would not be a man who loved her there," Palmieri said.
"With a growing demand, we expect that grapes from California will be available at retail stores throughout the U.S. into early February," Klitz added.
1 ripe avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and sliced into 2 strips per serving
 The right scent can help sleep. For example, citrus stimulates the senses (and keeps you awake); lavender soothes (and lets you sleep sounder). "Chamomile tea before bedtime may sound cliché, but chamomile actually helps you sleep," Adams said. "That works for scents, too. You want something calming and soothing to be part of your routine. It makes a huge difference."
A transparent process — a term that means little but is used often by local leaders — is clearly needed when it comes to making these decisions.
"We're seeing an unprecedented and alarming decline in the condition of oyster reefs, a critically important habitat in the world's bays and estuaries," said Mike Beck, senior marine scientist at The Nature Conservancy and the report's lead author.
1 cup crumbled blue cheese of choice
Monae worked on a school program helping victims of child abuse, played lacrosse, sang in her church choir and wanted to be a pediatrician.
“A ‘left-turn-only’ lane leading into the complex (for drivers heading north on Tonnelle) is under construction and we expect it to ease traffic significantly,” Swibinski said, noting the new lane should be completed by the spring.
In response to a bill introduced by state Rep. Katie Eyre, R-Hillsboro, the Addictions and Mental Health Division estimated there are 50 sites statewide that meet requirements for licensing but are not licensed. As Oregon begins to move more mentally ill people out of the more expensive state hospital, jails and prisons and into cheaper community-based residential treatment programs, it is imperative that these facilities be licensed.
Not surprisingly, Jets' coach Ryan thinks Sanchez can handle the spotlight after a Deadspin.com report about the Jets' quarterback's alleged relationship with a 17-year-old girl. Ryan made his own non-sports-related headlines -- if you remember the video of a woman who looked like his wife showing off her feet and a man who sounded like Ryan showing his admiration for them.
3 - The Huskies are going for their third straight conference tournament title. And they've won 10 of their last 12 games.
Working in batches if needed, transfer the soup to a blender and purée until smooth. Return the soup to the pan, stir in the vinegar, then season with salt and pepper.
Dear Con: Time and distance at your age equals the chance to gain more experience. At 17, you should date different people, if only for the purpose of making comparisons. I hope, before you settle on a partner, you will have dated lots of people. If you have an agreement with your boyfriend who's moved to the States, tell him, given the circumstances, you think the two of you should have the freedom to date other people. (He may even feel as you do.) I guess I don't think someone your age should even be thinking about "emotional cheating," because you are too young to have made the commitment of exclusivity in the first place. — Margo, historically
An old building with a clientele to match, the 942-room Resorts fell behind in the casino arms race as newer, larger casinos expanded to 2,000 rooms or more and added amenities to attract a younger, hipper crowd.
The potential closure is part of a restructuring effort of its global battery operations that Town & Country-based Energizer initiated last November. One of the goals of the restructuring plan is to streamline the company's worldwide manufacturing operations.
The style, design and architecture of the 1960s is back in high style, thanks in part to the popularity of period films and shows like "Mad Men" and the hip, mid-century modern style highlighted in design publications like Atomic Ranch and Dwell. For Sunset Hills mother of four Amy Marten, it's just something she's always loved. "I've been collecting this style furniture since I was 16 years old," she says. "Before I even knew it had a name."
Your flight is canceled. Now what? Here’s a surprise for many people — there’s no one hard-and-fast government regulation covering this instance anymore. The old days of Rule 240 are just that — the old days. It’s still practiced by some airlines, but it’s not rule of law. Yelling at an airline representative to get you hotels and meals won’t get you anywhere — unless the airline’s specific contract states that they give out such things. Many airlines will attempt to get you out of their hair on the next available flight, even on a competing airline, but not always. For example, Delta says it will “exercise reasonable efforts to carry passengers and their baggage according to Delta’s published schedules and the schedule reflected on the passenger’s ticket, but published schedules, flight times, aircraft type, seat assignments, and similar details reflected in the ticket or Delta’s published schedules are not guaranteed and form no part of this contract.” In essence — don’t count on anything.
The Taste is on my "to do" list every summer. It's such a great place to see people of all walks of life out enjoying Chicago together. They've stepped out of the comfort zone of their neighborhoods and next thing you know, they're talking to someone from the other side of town as they sit elbow to elbow at the picnic tables that line Grant Park.
A lover of Twitter who messages fans about what she is doing, she eats a quick lunch before hustling off to high school in the afternoon.
"When you sense that communication getting better and better and better," Haith said, "I think you start to feel like you have really good chemistry."
An omelet without the fold and a quiche without the crust, the frittata has its own selling points: It can be sliced and eaten, hot or cold, with a fork or fingers.
After DeVier Posey dropped a touchdown pass, Terrelle Pryor kept the drive alive with a scramble on fourth-and-10, and Dan Herron finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run with 1:47 to play.
Mishaal Mohammed Rasheed al-Shodoukhi, who was named on a
Between December 2010 and June 2011, the group took responsibility for attacking websites run by Visa, MasterCard and PayPal. The attacks were reportedly retaliation for what the group said was the credit card companies’ refusal to process donations to Wikileaks, which had dumped millions of once-secret government documents into the public sphere – much to the ire of the United States. Foreign government computer systems were also targeted, authorities said.
"With the new-style racetracks, there are no rocks in it," Harvick said, the result of which is often less exciting racing. "Any race track tear-up is bad news, in my opinion."
“It’s one thing to pick favorites to win the whole thing, but you have to know others are picking the favorites to win the whole thing, too,” he said. “So, if you’re in an office pool with 1,000 people in it, you need to do something a little bit unusual.”
Frida-Inspired Tour of Mexico at Cups Culinary – May 24
Now, he's not mentioning he also used to be a boxer, so if you guys break anything in here you could be in trouble. (Laughter.)
The team was delighted, especially upon learning that 13 percent of its patrons used rail service to attend the games. In remarks about the Prudential Center weeks later, Yormark described the facility as "terrific," with "great new amenities. The fans seem to really enjoy it." And he was encouraged that there would be a "big concentration of fans from Essex, Middlesex and Union counties, which we don’t typically draw a lot from."
Haynes' attorney, Safire, said nothing could be further from the truth, although he declined to comment on whether Haynes ever talked to Madison, saying that was an issue of attorney-client privilege. San Francisco Superior Court Judge Harold Kahn on Tuesday denied the mayor's request for a court order compelling Haynes to turn over nearly four months of cell phone records, calling it a "fishing" expedition.
Christie has said he would pay into the system in the coming year if revenues allow, but he's also insisted that the system would be in the red even if the state had made all its payments. He has been urging the Legislature since taking office a year ago to overhaul the pension system by making benefits less generous.
Role model: "My role model is Darrin Kingsolving. He is my hitting coach for baseball. He came from a small town and achieved his dreams of playing professional baseball. He is always there for me when I need him."
Accused Hutaree ringleader David Stone Sr. didn't want to kill police officers alone -- he had no qualms about killing their wives and children, too, according to a taped conversation played in federal court Thursday.
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt: $24
China, vulnerable to epidemic because of its huge population and weak public-health infrastructure, has aggressively tried to contain the new flu.
The ongoing case of former Milpitas High School bank technician Mae Laureta Gardina, 60, who faces one charge of felony grand theft, was continued for a third time Tuesday.
The 51-year-old technical writer from West Los Angeles has only 35% of her investment portfolio in stocks, half the amount she would put in if she felt "totally good about the market," she said.
The charred wreckage of the plane was clearly visible from the street Saturday morning after police took down much of the cordon they had set up Friday. Just behind the remaining yellow police tape, the Hornet’s fuselage and twin-finned tail section lay on a grassy courtyard next to a blackened tree and badly burned brick, two-story apartment buildings.
"You can wind up with a different exposure to real estate than you anticipated," he said. "It can upset our asset allocation."
Then there's the entrance to every woman's dream closet: a sprawling space with an ottoman, a crystal chandelier and enough shoe storage to please "Sex and the City's" Carrie Bradshaw.
District leaders, including Kruppenbacher, say that they have already called for an audit. But this investigation needs to encompass both this specific project and the overall construction divisions. And it needs hard-hitting independent investigators — the likes of which other governments have used when probing their own contract dealings.
POR Purdy Steve D $ 42,000.00 $ 42,000.00
Zimmerman raised $347,470 for his campaign. It did not lose money because Zimmerman had used funds from his campaigns for a seat in the state House of Representatives to help pay for the his assessor's race.
The court's ruling, expected by the end of June, may decide whether the Constitution puts any limit on Congress' power to regulate not just healthcare, but the entire economy.
Kasich says he thinks a smaller government benefits taxpayers.
Young at Heart is an Academy Award-winning documentary on a romance between two people in their 80s, including the reactions of their children and grandchildren.
“I’m good,” he said before preventing the discussion from going any further.
øWhile in Argentina on vacation last month, we stayed on an estancia outside of Cordoba. Its name: Dos Lunas. It sits at the end of a dirt road that seems to never end. In short, it's in the middle of nowhere. It was heaven.
"I use samples and loops under a more traditional folk sound. This new album will be more stripped down and more acoustic instruments, string arrangements and that type of thing. Previous releases, there were some rock tracks on it, and now it's going more into folk and less into the rock world. I see this going more Jose Gonzalez, Bon Iver."
He said later that his 2006 race had freed him from the "tribal partisanship" that has come to dominate Washington.
"I oughtta take a cut, huh?" says FitzPatrick with a laugh.
Malikowski states the simple mistakes have been what has been plaguing the team all season, like the goal given up in the first half.
With yields of over 6 percent, preferred stocks look tempting for income-starved investors. They've already had a nice run, with preferred prices up 10.2 percent this year.
A rogue wave pummeled the 38-foot Low Speed Chase as it rounded the islands Saturday, knocking five crew members overboard. As the captain sought to rescue them from the 50-degree water, the boat capsized and was hurled onto the rocks.
Most of all, John was a loving and supportive husband, father and grandfather.
Nothing wrong with that. After all, it is his life.
Stratford Shakespeare Festival: Through Oct. 28. Current plays include "42nd Street" (through Oct. 28), "MacHomer" (opens Wed. and runs through May 26), "Much Ado About Nothing" (opens Thu. and runs through Oct. 27). Times vary. Stratford, Ontario. 800-567-1600. www.stratfordshakespearefestival.com. $25 and up Canadian.
Those startling statistics served as the backdrop on Monday as Komen Northeast Ohio released its Komen Community Profile. The report, done every two years by Thomson Reuters is designed to help the local affiliate identify the women who most need breast cancer screening and treatment services, where they live and what prevents them from getting the help that they need.
Soon after, Miller retreated to his “overpriced” Brooklyn apartment and began marrying Krauss’ voice to a collection of ferocious guitar samples and computer-enhanced drum beats. A buzz quickly ensued, as did a slew of celebrity admirers, including Rihanna, Kanye West and the Red Hot Chili Peppers, the latter of which Sleigh Bells opens for this Friday and Saturday at the Prudential Center.
Westmoreland died on July 18, 2005, at 91, after a life that had great success — battlefield leader in World War II and Korea, at 42 the youngest two-star general in the Army, innovative superintendent of West Point — but "turned out to be indefinitely sad."
-- What it is: Far less clinical than it sounds. Lavradores is a collaboration between 15 different quintas (estates) in Portugal's Port-producing Douro region. Made from the same grapes that go into Port, it has a dose of Syrah-like gaminess and black mineral. But it's lighter than most Syrah. Pair it with nearly anything.
“I had to be here,” LaGrandier said in the early morning hours. “So I put my uniform on and came down. It’s a mixed bag of emotions. I’m happy because he’s dead, but it’s a reminder of what happened here and all of the people we lost.”
Barnett, who still has another half-day to go, looked exhausted by day’s end.
Breadcrumbs, by Anne Ursu (Walden Pond Press; 312 pages; $16.99; ages 8-12). There's a frozen heart as in "The Snow Queen" in this contemporary fantasy about 11-year-olds Jack and Hazel. Courage and conviction, friendship and growing up all are involved.
“My husband listened to him play,” said Carolyn Mullen, who lives two doors down. “He was fantastic.”
"Prior to the St. Louis offer to accept Baby Joseph, a number of U.S. hospitals had refused, on medical grounds, to accept him, noting in doing so that London Health Sciences Centre was delivering the most appropriate care possible," reads a statement released after Joseph left Canada on Sunday. "A network of special interest groups refused to accept these facts and attempted to interfere ... by advocating for a hospital to accept the baby to implement an alternative care plan."
The Raiders will play their exhibition opener against the Dallas Cowboys in front of a national TV audience.
This feels a bit too neat. Just as Franco’s many daydreams — including one near “Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge” fantasy — feel less like a deepening of the material than a way to stretch a one-hour National Geographic special into a feature-length film.
In 1996, Bill Clinton ordered Operation Pacific Haven, which flew 6,000 Iraqi Kurds and other opposition activists from Iraqi Kurdistan to Guam, after Saddam Hussein's troops invaded the region. The operation took only two weeks, and security checks were conducted in Guam. If Obama ordered a similar airlift, security checks could also be conducted in Guam.
LOS ANGELES - If the Los Angeles Clippers hadn't been so inept at the free throw line, Rudy Gay's last-second shot wouldn't have mattered.
The low pay pushes some out of the industry, which means the collective experience of the pilot pool goes down, said Mary Schiavo, an aviation attorney and former inspector general for the Department of Transportation.
But with a mailed check, Bowen said, you're putting a piece of paper containing your name, address, routing number, account number and what your signature looks like in an envelope and mailing it away to be handled by who knows how many people.
Expanding options for oncologists, patients
The next few weeks will be critical. Even as it aims high, the Census Bureau predicts that maybe two-thirds of U.S. households will mail in the form. That's because it faces special challenges of growing U.S. apathy toward surveys, residents displaced by a high number of foreclosures, as well as immigrants who have become more distrustful of government workers amid a crackdown on illegal immigration.
As a result, his Volkswagen went into a 360-degree spin and collided with the guardrail, reports said.
company has 978 local employees. Its Tampa call center, which received 10 million inbound calls last year, includes a fitness center, cyber cafe, quiet rooms, a mother's room and a movie theater complete with 17 reclining leather seats. Notable: It also took the Times' survey award for Best Benefits. (See Page 20)
Overall revenue slipped 16% to just under $10 billion, with most of Goldman’s business units — including a 20% plunge in revenue in its fixed income, commodities and currencies, or FICC, unit — reporting losses.
With his efforts to lift America's economy out of its doldrums yielding insufficient results, Mr. Obama is wise politically to make the most of his shifted foreign policy course, also seen in his adamant if slow determination to withdraw from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Even, apparently, if others live there too.
The company previously reported that it inspected the valves in the fall of 2010 but did not say whether inspectors merely looked at the devices or took them out of service for maintenance.
"She fights for things she believes in, even if it makes her unpopular," Madonna said.
The photos occasionally served as preliminary studies for paintings and prints. Photos had an advantage over drawings because they caught a scene in an instantaneous moment of time. After taking nude photos of his model and future wife Marthe, Bonnard used them as studies for lithographs that illustrated two books in 1900 and 1902.
U.S. Rep. Jon Runyan (3rd Dist.)
Two years ago, Suzanne Travers wrote a story for The Star-Ledger about the goat, whose name is Cocoa and can often be spotted in Summit — she lives nearby with Fakroddin — during fair weather.
Chosen by 2011 Mayor Kevin Mullin, the South San Francisco Conference Center earned the Mayor's Award.
At Lawndale Christian Health Care, Chief Executive Bruce Miller added 10 new care coordinators to help manage the process.
"Breaking Bad" (10 p.m. Sunday, July 17, AMC): Bryan Cranston, the winner of the last three Emmys for lead actor in a drama, delves even deeper into the dark side of chemistry teacher turned drug kingpin Walter White for the fourth season of this mesmerizing drama. Having aggressively embraced his drug-world alter ego, Walt is heading for another standoff with his employer, Gus (Giancarlo Esposito) while adjusting to a new relationship with money-laundering Skyler (Anna Gunn).
Annette Monthey, 79, of Miami, said she favors a return to migrant-worker programs authorized in the mid-1900s.
Last month, Ohio State announced Tressel's violations and self-imposed penalties, including a five-game suspension and a $250,000 fine. Since then, the relevant questions around Tressel have moved toward whether the violations will cost him his job, and whether the NCAA may punish Ohio State and Tressel far more harshly than they have already punished themselves.
Five more young golfers have committed to playing in this year's Travelers Championship, which is gaining a reputation as a good tournament for new talent to break through on the PGA Tour.
Atkinson, who finished third in the 2006 GOP gubernatorial primary, began planning to run again in 2010 but eventually decided not to, in part because of health problems associated with an accidental shooting.
220 pounds: Austin Waterman, Greeley West fall Chris Frisbie, Castle View, 5:06.
The S&P has defended the move, and some analysts have said it is a necessary wakeup call for a government that has been spending too much. The S&P said its downgrade was based on political grandstanding this summer over the debt ceiling. The S&P analysts also said they predict that the country's debt a portion of output will continue to rise.
øStarts, record, earnings: 8: 2-2-2; $872,091.
Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner told the actress this week that she was doing well under strict new terms of her probation and urged her to keep up the good work.
Dooley denied that he or anyone in his office pressured Salci.
And maybe save some cash in the process.
"But bring along a couple of field guides and make sure you know what you're eating."
The district's residential tax rate last year was $1.1310 and officials estimate it would stay the same this year without the tax increase. The owner of a house worth $100,000 would pay an additional $62.70 a year to the district if the proposal passes. Voters have not increased the general fund part of the total tax rate since 1985, Marlo said.
Meanwhile, another medical-marijuana doctor, Paul Bregman, had his license suspended last week, records show.
Miller, president of Legal Services, sees the gravity of the situation. "Two out of three people who come to us, we can’t handle," he said.
Recipe by Simone Faure, pastry chef at the Ritz-Carlton St. Louis
Vatra's beginnings date to a pivotal meeting on April 28, 1912 in Boston.
But the valley's tech-driven economy seems cushioned from the domestic worries as it relies increasingly on expanding global markets. VCs, in particular, exhibit a buoyant mood, according to a quarterly survey by University of San Francisco Professor Mark Cannice that is compiled in the university's Silicon Valley VC Confidence Index.
6. BIRTH OF A PUNK ROCKER
At the annual Indianapolis 500-eve event, Springfield, who is probably best known for his 1981 hit "Jesse's Girl," from the multi-platinum album "Working Class Dog" (which featured his pooch on the cover), follows another popular 1980s act -- REO Speedwagon, which played the party last year.
"I liked how they broke it down," said Kate Dobbs, 12. "I liked the demonstrations."
USA Today's analysis found that Arizona, the center of a political firestorm over immigration reform, has lower rates of crime along its border with Mexico than in the rest of the state. That's apparent even among some of the state's most visible proponents of increased border security.
Q: I planted two eremophila hygrophana in the spring of 2010. They had been doing well and blooming. However, in the past few weeks they have bloomed little and now have stopped blooming. The leaves were turning brown and dry at the base of the plant, so I increased the watering. The leaves have stopped turning brown, but now there are no blooms. I would like information on the watering needs of the plants.
This weekend’s extra service schedule is as follows:
"The Eisenhower our nation wants to celebrate is not a dreamy boy but a real man who faced unthinkable choices, took personal responsibility and did his duty with modesty and humility,’’ she said.
When it comes to superstitions, I fall into the "I know this stuff doesn't really do anything, but on the off chance I'm wrong, why risk it?" category. All in all, the lengths I go to for some positive game day juju are pretty tame:
The 2012 Hyundai Azera isn't a hybrid or a luxury-branded car. But it's tops among 2012 non-diesel, non-hybrid large sedans in government fuel economy ratings with 20 miles a gallon in city driving and 29 mpg on the highway.
Pak said the confrontation has left him shaken, but that it could have turned out a lot worse.
When asked for a ballpark figure on Carpenter's projected absence, Mozeliak declined. "I could throw something out there. But it's never been helpful when I do that, so I'd rather not," he said. "People can draw their own conclusions. We're not prepared to."
Tax season is approaching. Some workers already are starting to receive tax forms from employers and financial institutions. Individual income taxes for 2009 are due April 15.
"I know of at least two big sponsors that are willing to come to the table," Bernard said. IndyCar hopes to match Downforce with a sponsor that could pay a portion of the hefty sanctioning fee that must be paid to the racing series.
One of the artists behind the mural told The Record that the mural was not initially planned as a dedication to Martin, but that the inscription, "Trayvon, we got you," was added after they started following the case.
√ John Kulick* 597
The NLRB promised to "thoroughly consider input" from its field offices, the "management-labor relations community" and Congress before implementing the program.
Rachel Hess-Mutinda, asthma control program coordinator for the state of Maryland, said the state's prevention efforts focus mostly on educating people about the environmental and social links to asthma, such as air quality and old houses. She said knowing more about the genetic link could help the state's prevention efforts.
It has thrust Arizona into the national spotlight and reignited a nationwide debate about comprehensive immigration reform,
Two-time champ Jose Maria Olazabal drove safely to the right, while Robert Garrigus found the pine straw far left before scoring triple-bogey. When Lewis and Olazabal both made par from about 25 feet, the Alma resident, Michigan Golf Hall of Fame member and U.S. Mid-Amateur champion found himself, for one brief shining moment, in a four-way tie for the lead of the 76th Masters.
This is the original John Crean recipe:
But he blamed himself for a misplaying a “tweener ball” in the sixth that allowed the Astros to continue a rally against Mets starter R.A. Dickey. In the midst of a scoreless tie, with a runner at second, Houston shortstop Jed Lowrie lofted a pop-up to shallow left. Nieuwenhuis sprinted in, but pulled up as the ball landed into grass.
Veniamin Shevechanko 12 Benson DNS Jordan Cain 11 Warrenton DNS Micah Pletsch 12 St Helens DNS Yefrem Anikin 12 Parkrose DNS Santana Tadlock 10 North Salem DNS Daniel Carter 12 Centennial DNS Kyle Allen 12 Evergreen-Vancouver DNS Boys High Jump Finals ====================================================================== Athlete Yr Team Time ======================================================================
We're creating a jerky renaissance.
“The only reason I count the (volunteer) hours for National Honor Society is to make sure I can stay in National Honor Society and keep tutoring because I like it,” Kevin said.
6725, Barbara B. Taylor, Bend, 4:07:44.
Although your landlord has a duty to resolve this problem and make your apartment livable, sometimes upstairs tenants have to work at night, and a court will consider this part and parcel of living in an apartment.
"It only takes one small mistake with a critical part in a safety-related system to derail all of the good work that we've done," he says.
Location: England
The Abarth could use more interior storage spaces. The glove box is useful, but the cupholders are inconveniently placed on the floor and there's no good place for sunglasses and other gear.
Chicken sandwich
A dozen retail properties on a 41/2-block stretch of Walnut west of Broad Street - banks, two marquee restaurants, a jeweler, chain boutiques - are shuttered this year, compared with zero just two years ago, brokers say.
"We know that clinical interventions can have an impact on obesity, but we know that they have a difficulty in having any kind of long-term impact," she says. "There's an increasing belief that part of it is just because the outside environment is just overwhelmingly counter to that. If you go to a school that has no physical education on a regular basis, or you're walking past the corner store back and forth on your way to school, these things may be far more overwhelming than what can be provided on the individual level."
Despite the delay, most parties say they are hopeful that the latest survey will be definitive and will provide valuable data to make recommendations for reform in Newark.
A: In terms of slam poetry, my greatest fear is losing my fire, giving up on slam poetry.
And fast.
Marc Bianchini, a chef and owner of a restaurant group in Milwaukee, observes that "fruits are very important in what I cook."
I wish Mr. Dance success as the new superintendent. I can only hope that he is qualified and perceptive enough to face the challenges that are forthcoming.
The exoticism of the location, the singularity of its world, the intricacy of its customs -- director Rob Marshall ("Chicago") focuses on these elements, applies his expert eye, brings them to life and then banks on them too much. The subject here is life as a geisha, but the story concentrates on the saga of a specific geisha, and it's a simple story that can't sustain interest in the face of epic treatment and a running time that's about a half-hour too long. The movie needed a lighter hand and less portentous narration. It needed a director and a producing team less intent on making a masterpiece and more intent on just making a good movie.
Glor says Nugent's wife told him after the interview to apologize to his female producer, and he did. Later Nugent called Glor to say he was rushed to the emergency room after their interview to have a kidney stone removed, which, Glor says, may have contributed to his anxiety.
It marked the second straight year that Philadelphia clinched a playoff berth, and the Sixers ended their run in the Garden State by winning the last six times they played the Nets on the road.
Verlander has matured so much as a pitcher, from a potential ace who wanted to strike out 21 hitters to a real ace who just wants to get 27 outs. This was a little peek at the old Verlander, which is to say: The young Verlander.
The project was more than three years in the making and cost about $300,000. Financial backing came from various sources, including the city, the county, the Kiwanis Club, companies and individuals.
The pair said they had planned to hold off on getting married until after their baby's arrival.
Peterson, now 58, has remained jailed since his May 2009 arrest. He remains a suspect in the still-unsolved disappearance of his fourth wife, Stacy, who vanished in October 2007 from the family's Bolingbrook home.
The buildings are located at 1300, 1318, 1324, 1329, 1410, and
"I was shocked, really surprised" to be chosen, said Ledesma, whose jewelry pieces are inspired by her study of architecture.
The Knight Commission on Oct. 24 will report that from 2005 to '09, spending per athlete nationally at the 100-plus big-time programs increased 50 percent -- more than double the increase per student on academics.
Here's a rundown of where many of this region's athletes are likely to be playing. Local leagues are listed in order of inception.
Not to boast, but it's true.
Six states and the District of Columbia allow same-sex marriages, which are unconstitutional in Colorado because of a 2006 ballot measure defining marriage as between one man and one woman.
"We had pharmacists, we had scientists and, of course, we did have very typical elementary school teachers and nurses," said Garvey, who holds a doctorate in education. "Women religious were heads of hospitals and presidents of colleges long before most women had such opportunities. They did these things because they had to be done, and they were serving the spirit."
EXTRA INNINGS: Congrats to Dennis Scobbie, who will retire as baseball coach at Litchfield High after 33 seasons there.
A: Stewards of Children teaches parents and adults who work with children how to prevent child sexual abuse, how to recognize the warning signs, and how to respond appropriately to a disclosure of abuse. We have seen first-hand how people can be paralyzed into not acting when a child's well-being is at stake. Stewards of Children empowers adults to overcome denial, fear and secrecy about this epidemic and allows them to create awareness and personal power.
"She was very proud and had a lot of passion for keeping psychotherapy and other treatment programs that were more effective than the rudimentary kind," he said.
If charging students doesn't work, local school officials warn, the only alternative for districts that are seeing their state transportation reimbursement dry up is to pull money from other places - including classrooms.
Pumper said Dimora and he had had discussions about invoices for work on Dimora's home. He had testified earlier in the day that after he was approached by the FBI in May 2008, Dimora began sending him checks for completed jobs.
Record: 28-8 overall, 10-6 SEC
Actually, his franchise was founded of them, and now the Heat get to take another step on Sunday. If that one is any different from this one, it only means the Heat will have lost interest in getting dirty. If history is our guide, it is only a temporary condition.
Northeast Ohio Elite Baseball League is accepting open travel teams from ages U12 to U18 from the Greater Cleveland and Akron areas. Call 440-331-3730. The Web site is aspiringathletes.org.
What would 6 cents be in today's terms? A dollar? Ten dollars?
"We can't make excuses. We dealt with it. We've got to learn from these mistakes we made.''
Duke at Stanford
"It seems to me that in the past there has been some level of complacency that we are not demonstrating," Shankman says.
In another tight one in this decades-old postseason rivalry, both defenses made key stops before New York capitalized on a rare mistake in San Francisco's resurgent season. Williams' blunder put the Giants in perfect position for another sensational finish in a season full of them.
Much to blush about
Mitchell said that his travel expenses were related to his leadership positions with the National League of Cities.
(HGTV) Beautiful Homes -- Beverly Hills mansion built for royalty; an estate in Holmby Hills; a Hollywood modern masterpiece. (CC)
"You don't want to kill off all the animals in a year," Johnny Schickerling said.
Plenty of moves (as usual); a lot of depth added.
"All in all, pretty good week being tired, coming back for the first time after winning the Masters, all this different media attention," Watson said. "It's something you got to get used to. (It) wears on you, tires you out. Somehow I finished—I'm in the top 20. A lot of guys wished they did that."
“People have been disappointed several times in the last five years at Georgia really failing to get the program off the ground despite several projects under way,” said Bob Poole, a founder of the Reason Foundation, a libertarian think tank. “People will be skeptical. But if the rationale is that we’re waiting for TIFIA, I think in the short term that will certainly be understood by the private sector.”
Dickerson said Craig relied in advice given by the Corps in selecting the site.
Authorities say an explosion and a possible chemical spill have been reported at Micron Technologies in Boise.
A stash of documents was turned over at the last minute, right as the case was set for trial earlier this week.
Minus their All-Star center for a fourth straight game, the visiting Magic look for a ninth consecutive win over the Cavaliers on Sunday night.
Variety will be celebrating its 80th anniversary next year.
1/4 tsp. powdered ginger
Councilors held a non-public executive session before the meeting to discuss the process for hiring Waffle’s replacement. They declined after the regular public meeting to comment on who the favorite candidate might be, out of apparent concern that talks with the front runner could fall through.
"We’re not asking for money. We’re asking for a day off on another time," he said.
Rutland has been instructed to submit the name of a new monitor for board approval.
WASHINGTON -- Federal cutbacks and changes to the Department of Education were on the table during a fundraiser for Mitt Romney on Sunday, during which the presumptive Republican presidential nominee provided a more candid preview of what his presidency might be like.
Register reporters Erika I. Ritchie and Frank Shyong contributed to this report.
Kenney had a veterinary practice in San Diego when he was called by SeaWorld to conduct necropsies on a couple of its whales and a dolphin. He urged park officials to retain a veterinarian capable of finding out why the animals were dying and preventing further deaths. He was hired.
"Ask yourself what kind of riding you're going to do," says Bike Gallery's Kyle Mensing. "Once you come to a shop, we'll get that conversation going and have you try a few bikes and give you lots of options."
"The base of the recovery has been laid down," said Josh Bushard, manufacturing leader at audit, tax and advisory firm Grant Thornton's Minneapolis office. He noted that the ISM study reported wide-ranging growth, with expansion in 16 of its 18 industry sectors in April.
"And so it was just a very practical kind of thing," he says. "But in this particular play, we don't get that detailed."
Now: "Toy Story 3"
Baltimore National Pike, 5600 block, 3:38 a.m., April 29. Police report man found in U-Haul parking lot in stolen vehicle with large amount of scrap metal and cutting tools. Man arrested and charged with fourth-degree burglary, grand theft auto and possession of drug paraphernalia.
In a public corruption scandal that has tarred one of the city's most treasured landmarks, six men were charged Friday with bilking the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum out of millions of dollars during a six-year spree of embezzlement, bribery and kickbacks.
“We have to take the additional time for due diligence to our taxpayers,” said Acton. “Our goal is to decrease expenditures as much as possible and still retain valuable services.”
Also, the "Awesomizing" process is somewhat sluggish—about five seconds or more in most cases. But here's where some whimsy comes in: Funny messages, such as "Sautéing camel toes" and "Gathering unicorn tears," will appear on screen while you wait for a photo to be edited. In my case, the quirky distractions worked; I didn't mind waiting at all.
"You only expand when you have a good feeling about the future," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at New York-based brokerage house Avalon Partners.
In 2006, the Thermae Bath Spa opened. This complex features traditional and modern spa features, including two natural thermal baths, a rooftop pool and an indoor pool. Some visitors enjoy the late afternoon transition to night from the rooftop pool while taking in the city's historic Georgian architecture. A visitors center looks at the history of the area through Roman, Saxon, Elizabethan and Georgian times.
Part home tour, part holiday boutique, the showcase is meant to inspire visitors with grown-up visions of sugar plums, or tole-painted plate sets, embroidered organza table runners and ornately decorated Christmas trees.
"Warnecke's greatest contribution was a strong belief in the site being the most important element," said Adams, who was the project architect. "So, in fact, the design is a very quiet design. There was a movement at one point to build a wall behind the grave with a presidential emblem. But we really fought that. We felt it was important that it be a landscape design and not have a building or a piece of sculpture or any major element.
Because of Dan's withdrawal from social activities, my girlfriend proclaims to our friends that she does not consider Dan a friend anymore.
"He's very tall and has a good second serve and was hitting the ball very well," Gasquet said. "He was the better player today."
In his Christmas Day sermon, Rowan Williams appealed to those congregated at Canterbury Cathedral to learn lessons about "mutual obligation" from the events of the past year. He said Sunday that "the most pressing question" now facing Britain is "who and where we are as a society."
A gender-specific wine is an appealing idea, and Domaine Comte Senard's wines are certainly supple, not always the case in the Corton area.
Michigan Spring Crafts and Art Festival: 10 a.m.-9 p.m. Fri.-Sat., noon-5 p.m. Sun. Laurel Park Place Mall, 37700 W. Six Mile, Livonia. 734-462-1100.
His solution?
While the behavior of Accretive employees reported in the April 25 article "Attorney general: Fairview put squeeze on patients" is appalling, it should hardly surprise us. As stated, Minnesota hospitals write off hundreds of millions of dollars in uncompensated health care each year. I applaud the AG for highlighting the shameful practice of harassing sick people for money they don't have, but I implore readers to recognize that this situation simply underscores the giant health care mess we are in, and there is no end in sight.
Two goals later, the Devils had a 3-1 lead. They had been the better team all game and now the scoreboard proved it.
An unopened box of carbon-monoxide detectors was found in the basement of the Baldwin Avenue apartment building where two residents have died of carbon-monoxide poisoning in the past 30 days, according to a city official.
Cuban independence extremism
For the full year, the company posted a net loss of $2 billion, compared with a loss of $471 million in 2010. Revenue rose to $23.98 billion from $22.17 billion.
Earlier this year, inmates at the Arizona State Prison Complex-Perryville often weren't seen by mental-health staff for six months or more, according to staff quoted in the group's letter.
Protesters at the bank locked arms to keep crews from going in. The newspaper says at Justin Herman Plaza, several protesters packed up their tents and moved to other locations in the encampment.
Among U.S. stocks that made big moves:
Alvarez is of Mexican heritage on her father's side. Yokoyama serves on the board of directors of the Japanese American Service Committee and Cooper is African American.
"While I need to recognize the players for their great effort and achievements, I have to start with Coach (John) Dunne and his assistants, Bruce Hamburger, Marlon Guild, Dalip Bhatia, Colin Hampton and Kevin Simmons,'' he writes.
In 2005, "Foggy Mountain Breakdown" was selected for the Library of Congress' National Recording Registry of works of unusual merit. The following year, the 1972 Nitty Gritty Dirt Band record "Will the Circle Be Unbroken," on which Scruggs was one of many famous guest performers, joined the list, too.
"I've lived in St. Johns all my life," she said. "On parade day, when I walk around the streets, there's just a tremendous sense of pride in our community. It's truly a local, family, community member parade. Anyone can enter."
The case has attracted worldwide attention and threatened to become a major point of tension between the U.S. and China and a serious embarrassment for the American diplomats involved. As the crisis unfolded last week, it overshadowed previously scheduled meetings in Beijing between Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and senior Chinese leadership.
“Or could you print it again?
Analysts expect, on average, earnings of $3.20 per share.
One Minnesota college president has signed a public pledge on a subject she considers quite private -- charitable giving.
Police in riot gear Thursday had maintained a watchful eye over a crowd of protesters as emotions ran high with about 500 people marching in the street. Members of a crowd near City Hall moaned and cursed when they heard the verdict.
M.J. “Jay” Brodie, president of the Baltimore Development Corp., called the loss of what had once been an anchor “a challenge and an opportunity” for Harborplace.
"They've left the blueprint for us," Nix said of Green and Thornton. "We need to give them their credit for everything they did for us and this program. The best way to honor them is to maintain that high level of intensity when they're not around."
There is no trace of the morning's storm clouds. A healthy pink glow lights Mosbrook's face as he wipes the last of the lake water from his eyes.
Attacking during the campaign would inevitably lead to charges that Netanyahu is trying to win votes. In 1981, then-Prime Minister Menachem Begin ordered a surprise airstrike on an unfinished Iraqi nuclear reactor—just weeks before elections and trailing in the polls. Begin was narrowly re-elected.
7. Easy does it: You've trained for months for this moment. You will find yourself at the starting line among thousands of runners with crowds cheering, music blaring, adrenaline pumping. The overwhelming urge will be to take off at the start. Don't even think about it. Rein yourself in. You will see plenty of fools passing you in dash mode at the start. Don't worry, you will see them again later . . . when you pass them. They will be the ones walking and weeping. And be realistic about where you line up for the start. Find your pace group and start there.
But "if it's just another demand on the street -- can you imagine Blazers games? It will make it even more of a nightmare, one (streetcar) taking up eight to 10 car lengths."
For the stock: Bone out the chicken. Remove and discard skin; set aside breast and leg-thigh meat. Place the chicken carcass and 2 quarts of cold water in a large stock pot and bring to a low simmer. Skim off any impurities, then add the leek, carrot, celery and shrimp shells (reserved from peeling the shrimp for the filling). Simmer for 3 hours. Remove from heat. Using a fine mesh strainer, strain the stock and discard the solids. Cool, and refrigerate or freeze. Reheat and season with salt and pepper before using. Makes approximately 1 quart.
"As the first openly gay man to be confirmed as a federal judge," Sen. Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, told a nearly empty chamber before the vote, "he will be a symbol of how much we have achieved as a country in just the last few decades. And importantly, he will give hope to many talented young lawyers who until now thought their paths might be limited because of their sexual orientation. When Paul becomes Judge Oetken, he will be living proof to all those young lawyers that it really does get better."
Back around the time that Franken quit "Saturday Night Live" for the second time, Sarah Palin entered public life as a civic activist and candidate for local office in Wasilla, Alaska, where she was soon elected mayor. She was a populist of the right-wing variety, a fundamentalist churchgoer and a scourge of politics-as-usual. Concerning herself with such conservative staples as government spending, tax cuts, term limits and gun rights, she was a textbook Republican officeholder.
Board president Kim Evans said the agreement has no increase in basic firefighter compensation and that vacation time has been reduced by three days per year, from 18 to 15, for firefighters with 15 years of service or more.
Their spotlight solo is brief but always crowd pleasing, said Rodrick. "We're a shy little instrument, so it's nice to be noticed."
Dovilla's bill unanimously passed Jan. 30 out of the House's Criminal Justice Committee.
Doors open at 6:30 p.m. and 10 rounds of play begin at 7 p.m. Cost is $120 (maximum of eight players per table). Call
One person who did know the Baltimore neurologist, who died Jan. 20 of pancreatic cancer, is Augusto Odone, father of the real-life Lorenzo. Though terribly disabled by the cruel genetic disease depicted in the movie, Lorenzo is still alive at age 28.
Fratianne's and other studies are creating scientific evidence of the medical effectiveness of music therapy. Many hope that someday this therapy, as provided by board-certified practitioners, will be covered by insurance, just as physical therapy and occupational therapy are.
Medical Mutual of Ohio and Cleveland Clinic Community Physician Partnership are working together to develop treatment protocols for chronic illnesses such as diabetes, asthma and heart disease, and payment incentives if doctors follow the recommended guidelines.
In response to the filing, the church said through its attorney in February that the salary figures were inaccurate and that the only three family members on the church payroll were Jerry, Jeremy and Danielle Newsome. Their annual gross salaries, the attorney said, totaled $316,800.
Dawson said he even violated the kicker's code of never aiming outside the goalposts. On his first one from 35 yards toward the Dawg Pound, a right-to-left gust blew it from 10 feet outside the right upright to barely inside the left one. That kick was important because it gave the Browns the crucial first lead.
"It's the best possible way to raise your kids," Bulman said. "I always felt it was OK to leave them to run a quick errand because there was always an adult or two around, including surrogate grandparents." She hopes families with young children will move into the three currently available condos.
"There is no clear nuclear-energy policy now,'' says Tetsuya Endo, a former diplomat who has held top posts at nuclear organizations such as the International Atomic Energy Agency and Japan's Atomic Energy Commission. "We're at a turning point.''
In a rare move, Sotheby's sent the work to private homes in Asia, North America and Europe so key clients could test whether the haunting image clashed with the rest of their art collections. The piece has been removed from its frame for certain serious contenders who wanted to stare at the icon nose-to-nose. The picture recently flew to Hong Kong for 48 hours so a top collector could inspect it in person in a private room at Sotheby's offices.
health camp just south of the U.S. border in Tecate, Mexico, in 1940, facilities consisted of little more than a dirt-floor hut under a beautiful mountain and a small garden growing most of the vegetables for meals.
Chavez's religiosity contrasts with the resolute secularism of his political father figure, Castro, and other leaders who have followed the socialist path Chavez lauds.
In context: Eli Manning, the first overall pick in the 2004 draft by San Diego, was a draft-day gamble by the Giants. He became a starter in 2005 and they've been competitive ever since. The Giants went 6-10 in 2004, then 11-5 in 2005 with Manning at the helm. They slipped to 8-8 in 2006. In 2007, Manning and the Giants shocked the NFL and unbeaten New England by finishing second in the NFC East at 10-6, but ran the playoff table.
The Lingerie Football League is suspended for the 2012 season. It plans to reopen next year and launch in Canada where it will presumably be called the Hoodie Footie League...
"They're a difficult team because they execute," Chatman said. "They aren't
That all started with a hat trick in CBC's playoff opener against Francis Howell North on Feb. 3.
"What's it tell you when the Florida Gators, after 137 straight sellouts dating back more than two decades to 1989, cannot fill up their stadium for the home opener against Florida Atlantic in the first game of the Will Muschamp coaching era?
Cleveland was ranked the country's sixth most frugal city by coupons.com, which also ranked Ohio the most frugal state. The measurement was based on Clevelanders use of online coupons and not on the number of people who will drive around The Q for an hour looking for a free meter because they refuse to pay for parking.
“No court has ever certified a class like this one, until now. And with good reason,” Ikuta wrote. “In this case, six women who have worked in thirteen of Wal-Mart's 3,400 stores seek to represent every woman who has worked in those stores over the course of the last decade — a class estimated in 2001 to include more than 1.5 million women.”
"I have no choice," he said.
Stopping Datsyuk involves returning to the basics of the game.
Throwing out the evidence, the state justices said they were unwilling to permit "dog sniff tests … at the home of any citizen" unless the police had probable cause of criminal wrongdoing.
Or you could say a double-feature of “Wonder Boys” and “Tenure” would be like pairing “Star Wars” with “Starship Invasions.”
After successfully tackling the "Half Rev" at last year's Revolution3 Triathlon in Sandusky, I'm now attempting the "Full Rev," going for broke with the equivalent of an Ironman, a long-course race entailing a 2.4-mile swim, 112-mile bike ride, and 26.2-mile run.
"It's absurd for anyone to expect the Justice Department to thoroughly investigate itself, including its FBI division," Canfora said. "I don't think they're fair, I don't think they're objective, and the only way they can alleviate this controversy about their own failed investigation is to go to some outside, independent experts."
Owner Adam Brandt claimed he was forced to close the cafe because of mobs of unruly teenagers. They stole cellphones off his patio tables. He had to hire a bouncer. His own wife didn't feel safe coming to the restaurant.
South District:
With Taylor improving, KU tore through Big 12 play, completing the team’s eighth consecutive regular-season conference title. When he improved his self-control, it further highlighted what Taylor does so well. Things that other Jayhawks point guards couldn’t do, what other players simply watched and envied.
"I appreciate the support of the board and I am truly honored and humbled to work for Parsippany-Troy Hills, their parents and their school system," Seitz said after the vote.
And, if they did, many people would
"It was just routine to us," said Trout, adding that he was surprised by the political furor that followed.
If the lower threshold is adopted, at least 1,615 additional children in the city of St. Louis will qualify for lead identification and removal programs.
FAMILY STORY TIME will take place from 6:30-7 p.m. March 21 at Deer Run Branch Library, 1300 N. Main St., O'Fallon. Event is for ages 2-7 and families are welcome. Participants can wear pajamas and listen to stories. Registration is required and limited to 20 participants. For more information or to register, go to www.youranswerplace.org or call 636-978-3261.
These include Leanne Rease-Jones (Kelly McGillis), a disagreeable, boozy former actress who is now a New Age healer and medium, and an old man (George Riddle) who checks in the last day the place is open and insists on a particular room on the third floor, even though it has already been cleaned out.
Gary Langer
During the next four years, Thorpe worsened, becoming reclusive, amassing an arsenal and believing the FBI was conspiring to poison him, his animals and his marijuana. Thorpe's family members implored Heitzman to intervene, to no avail, according to interviews and records that came to light when the Wilcox family sued Nevada County. Heitzman didn't return my calls.
Treweek and Janda reported in the journal Molecular Pharmaceutics that it may be possible to treat overdoses with a so-called passive vaccine. In contrast to an active vaccine, a passive vaccine involves injecting artificially produced antibodies into the patient. The researchers developed a human monoclonal antibody called GNCgzk that binds cocaine very tightly. They reported that the antibody produced a sharp reduction in rodent deaths when injected either prior to administration of cocaine or shortly afterward. Mice are considered an excellent experimental system for cocaine studies because they metabolize the drug in a fashion very similar to that of humans.
"Come on, José, the boat’s sinking!" Timbo shouted as he dropped from his upper berth on the other side of the room. In emergencies, the crew is drilled to go to the wheelhouse on the upper deck. Arias and Smith were in the bow of the ship, the farthest point from the bridge.
As of January, Nixon had raised roughly $8.15 million during this election cycle, and his campaign had slightly more than $5 million in cash on hand, according to the latest report filed with the Missouri Ethics Commission.
When she hit the floor of the gym, the Manchester Valley High School senior knew something was wrong.
"I knew it would take a toll on me," says Steven's mother, Kim, who teaches school in Lorain -- almost as far west of Cleveland as NDCL is east. "And it would take a toll on Steve."
- Would you welcome LeBron James back to Cleveland?
Notes: The Flyers are 7-1 in Pittsburgh this season. … The Flyers have nine power-play goals in the series. … The Penguins haven't been swept in a series since 1979 vs. Boston.
LONDON - Britain must stick to its tough austerity measures despite doubts elsewhere in Europe if that's the best remedy for the continent's stalled economies, Prime Minister David Cameron insisted Tuesday.
"The magnitude of this is so much larger than the film offerings by the Library of Congress that I used to attend when I lived in D.C.," said Jim Brennan, who works in information technology at Minneapolis Community & Technical College (MCTC). "It's extravagant. You can immerse yourself in it. It's almost like traveling, seeing films from radically different places, going from a film that takes place in Paris to one from Mongolia." With his girlfriend's blessing he heads off to four screenings a day, staying afterward for the filmmaker Q & A sessions. "Two films is good, but four films is better," he said.
"We can't keep them in stock," she said. "We were surprised at how fast they are flying off the shelves."
Changes in aircraft orders mostly reflect orders received by The Boeing Co. The company has generally reported rising demand since last fall, but Zentner noted that it received orders for 53 aircraft in March, compared to 237 in February.
The 2012 Muny season opens June 18 with "Thoroughly Modern "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat," "Pirates! Or, Gilbert & Sullivan Plunder'd" and "The King and I." For ticket
There was a photography exhibit on display when I stopped this week and the Casements also hosts an array of classes on yoga, Tai Chi, wood-carving and other topics. At Rockefeller Gardens, across Riverside Drive along the riverbank, there are weekly farmer's markets, occasional outdoor movies and other events.
DeSanctis envisions a "connect the dots" scenario, where tourists start to feel more comfortable in the South Inlet area. He wants the Revel’s guests to walk to Absecon Lighthouse and then have breakfast in Gardner’s Basin, he says, without any fear.
There's a moment each night in the "Million Dollar Quartet" stage musical when the audience is shown a photo revealing that what they've just witnessed on stage — a rock fan's dream meeting of Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis and Carl Perkins — was no figment of a wishful writer's fertile imagination but a hard and happy fact of history.
New Nikki: Vancouver anchor
Said Joe Seumalo, "he came back and said he liked USC, but he wasn't in love with it. He said he was in love with us."
He was in the Argonne Forest, close enough.
The distrust stems from a long history of alleged lies and coverups by Tokyo Electric Power Co., owner of the Fukushima plant. Yukio Edano, Japan's chief Cabinet secretary, has been holding news conferences several times a day, at each one advising the public to "stay calm," what might be the national mantra these days.
The average fee for a bounced check, meanwhile, rose 2.1 percent to $29.58 this year. In 1998, that fee was $21.57.
How they got here: Defeated No. 12 John F. Kennedy, 28-0, in the first round; No. 6 Boys & Girls, 26-10, in the quarterfinals; and No. 2 Tottenville, 20-17 in overtime, in the semifinals
If you need proof that vegetarianism is on the rise, check out Sunday's VegFest Vegetarian Tastefest and Expo. The annual event that caters to those who have adopted a vegetarian diet or who want to expects to top last year's 4,000 attendance mark.
The Bears have won five consecutive games and are tied with Detroit for second in the NFC North at 7-3.
Resilience notwithstanding, redistricting poses a gigantic problem for the soon-to-be eight-term congressman.
Then they went to the Bass Pro parking lot, claiming to await the arrival of their supplier, Brooks said. He said that Joyce asked them where his cocaine was, and he got into a struggle with Little.
However, the two-judge appeals panel said that law applies only to facilities that are free, or offered at a “substantially reduced cost” to the public. The court pointed out that the tennis facility charges $53 per hour for tennis-court time to nonmembers, and $47 per hour to members.
The agent doesn't answer, but leaves and returns with several airline employees, one of whom tells Miklus that it's "against the law" to take photos at a security checkpoint.
Rescuers discovered bodies Thursday near the wreckage of a new Russian-made passenger plane that smashed into the steep side of an Indonesian volcano during a flight to impress potential buyers. All 45 people on board were feared dead.
On Monday, Allman had Kinder on his morning show on 97.1 (FM). He let Kinder blast the story in the Post-Dispatch, calling it a "search and destroy mission," and then defend himself on issues unrelated to the story, such as lauding himself for driving around the state in a personal car and not using a state plane.
ROW 7
Queso fresco
And two noted Arab-American leaders said today theyre also backing Paul. Tonight, Paul will speak at a rally for Paul in Dearborn that is co-sponsored by the Arab Student Union at the University of Michigan-Dearborn.
The state Supreme Court today upheld the constitutionality of New Jersey's pay-to-play law preventing companies that make political contributions from receiving special treatment in winning state contracts.
Packy is free of skin and digestive problems. He shows no signs of arthritis, a common problem as elephants age. And he can still outwalk his keepers with ease, Lee said -- "he still moves like a young man."
But the nuclear industry is deeply integrated in the local economies where it operates, providing employment and energy as well as funding for schools, medical facilities and recreation, Meshkati said.
