vanessa del rio
Not looking forward to being "30 & alone!!!"
Trying to think of a topic for my next webinar with
it could be that you need to do an update, or that #FB changed something & didn't let you know. They are notorious for that. :)
Can't stand the grating repetitiveness of KBCO these days: have switched to noboundariesradio.com at work. What to do with my alarm clock?
Excited 2 begin running Mens bball team's S&C starting Mon! Great opportunity 2 help these guys maximize their potential!!!
k I will when I get. Out of the car.haha c: and she wont let you?That suckss:/ dude iwas so scared!i was like..shaking!Lol!
Israeli candidate runs for Congress in Texas - Jerusalem Post
Sometimes I wished my birthday was during the school year.
Love the reference.
Thanks! It was taken in a suburb of Tel Aviv. There's actually a mall across the street, so much less badass than it looks.
Singing at #SCA with no voice yesterday = no voice today for real. Oh well, it happens. I'm glad I suck today as opposed to yesterday.
lol, you missed a project in health occ~
Whatever makes you happy but I would never, ever do that but I am older so thats the way I think
#drupalcon #ux Contrib module project pages need to have the download links in a sidebar, not at the bottom.
CLEVELAND MELVIN, JOSH SELBY, AND WILL BARTON.....WATCH OUT 4 THEM
The Swimming With Autism account is up and running!!
Paradise Helicopter!!! Let's go!!!
So what jersey should I buy for the ¤ ALL-STAR WEEKEND JAM ¤ ? ---->> THOUGHTS PLEASE!!
I am really scared to see what my cats have done to show their resentment for me being gone for 6 days. I hope it can be cleaned.
Saturday night, celebrating Wynton's 50th birthday at his pad; last night, at the birthday party for Esperanza Spalding. Jazz in the Apple!
coyiaaa ! that night was too funny. ctfu
RT friends are the family we choose ourselves
The two degrees (BS and BA) I am working on are incomplete. Am a senior in both. And I have a previous degree. Just started job search
ain't nothing like that old school R&B
Does a higher level player, when sidekicked down, get anything out of it, or is it all low xp & worthless items?
Shit I can't wait for Friday :P lol
Love the moment, and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries. - Corita Kent
Bout to take this permit test wish me luck guys
is giving everyone at #bigomaha $10 to donate to a project of their choice. I'm so pumped!
What did you do this weekend? Let us know what you did and how it was!
Hey Trina How is it going?
Yes, it's hard to get parents on board.But I find when I share the detrimental effects and what we can do instead that helps
Y arrasando en #Europa con SOLD OUT en every performance! #AyBendito neneee we are so proud of yoU!
changing my photo for my other Twitter and waiting for all my songs from Limewire to download!,uplate
I know right !!
haha nothing c :
Thanks Bitter lemons. You rock!
congrats!! Way to make our state step up!
Find me on "Draw Something" Username: saggyjuggs07
- well you know they say it takes the U.S awhile to get the good music from overseas.
I love #PRAllStars :)
why do you think that?
If the #Gospels r true, then #Jesus was a leftist pacifistic socialist. So, why r #evangelicals and #Catholics so #conservative politically?
Apparently this is the first day of fall
Need 14 more followers to make 100. Please RT me to your friends and other young artists.
#TIIP4P Lance Dublin: kids in caves learned to walk pretty similar to the modern day kids
Don't worry, , I have at least an hour on the importance of using a full-tang sword while fighting the undead. Knock-offs shatter.
Take me with you to Miami! Get me out of NJ!
and now she's slow motion sexy dancing on stage. With knee high furry boots on. These are the moments I cherish at work, guys.
Maybe if they put pix of Missing Children on all sidebars of Twitter & Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner! Please Retweet until they do!
Thank you for the confidence in my abilities earlier today. I just broke through the problem and it feels super good
Travel well RT : Big day today ahead of a long weekend trip to SF.
'A West-End Sunset' - Beaumaris, Anglesey
On #bart flanked by one guy watching #Dexter and another watching the history of the #SS. Plus, someone is gassing up the train. Ugh.
I don't care. I think this trip to 7/11 might be worth it... I'm thirsty..
We are ROCKIN' original local music right now!!! www.radio-memphis.com
Email availability/resume to
100% trophies for Journey and I still can't get enough of this game.
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap
1 of the reasons #WeDoWhatWeDo: “85% of who you are-Your intellect, personality, & social skills-is developed by age 5.” –MA Early Edu 4 All
I heard my dad talkin in his sleep? Ol crazy ass nigga.
still working on a research paper
school year is almost over ! :)
Don't forget to engage with your happy, core 20% customers when designing social media strategy
received by hashable invite but still unable to log in. Would love to check it out - if you can help. tried my email and twit usr
work it out
It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces.
I don't care what other people say. #theartist ... Movie of the year. Best picture.
Happy Mother's Day, Kingdom! For without them, none of us would exist!
I received +K about Customer Experience from - honored Sir, thank you.
My first Easter without my family, so fortunate to be surrounded by friends, old and new, hope everyone had a good day!
I hate sitting on a public bathroom toilet and having it be warm. It's so wrong but it feels so right.
haha he does. He was love drunk. Too much sexy european for him to handle.
these noodles have no taste whatsoever
GOOD MORNING FAMILY (John 14:11) The "SEASON OF MIRACLES" kicks off today. All things are possible to them that believe amen. #Sir Court
- haha! Yeah, well, I tweeted that first MSG during ur twitter slide, thinking I was beating it to the punch. Great presentation!
According to my internal editor, I have nothing to say.
We get it in...make your way to The 12 Bar for Brass-A-Holic Wednesdays right now!!
AHRQ conoce las preguntas campaign featured in Manny Santos's presentation on great multimedia news releases! Yeah!
Congrats! We hope that means you'll be our newest Golden Flyer!
kiss me while we ride, touch me while we ride.
haha i love how #tmobilesucks is a trending topic. It really does. the password tmobile sent me to get data again is wrong!
I'ma call yu after my phone charges up....... make sure ya man isn't around
Morning y'all! It's gonna be a good one!
don't be a sore loser.
#RIP Junior Seau
There goes a bunch of your brain cells!!...
not yet, but speaking to some potential new hires for #Android development.
Yes. All houses are!
good :) haha so how was your day?
I say we party all spring break
New gig? How did I miss this? Congrats!
Off-sides!
I got blocked by so many people today. Jesus loves me tho!!
Colt McCoy's Ford commercial should have said "I don't think I will be playing for three years" instead if 31
what up kid!
Had a great visit with our daughter at Liberty University in Virginia. Great Kid, Great school!
Did it!
You are a brave guy quoting Paula A lyrics here on the Twitter! Laughing...
Chico's Angels opens tonight, do you have your tickets?
that's all for me right baby
Nice, man. "YOU JUST GOT BWAGGED!!!" after every cut!
I hear is teaming up with for an upcoming movie, and I'm actually pretty intrigued to see how that comes out.
Hmm GoW3, Halo Reach, Rayman: Origins or Batman AC....
Any chance you will be opening an outlet across from the San Francisco store soon?!
you're welcome haha :]
Nice perspective from - worth the read => Are you open to the world or trapped inside a #marketing bubble?...
Agreed! Although I'm sure will find a reason not to tailgate.
Its time to pick the Spurs-Jazz series..how many games. No way Spurs lose right?
look 4 rows behind you!!
the past is the past people leave it in your past that is why it is called a past live in the here and now.thank God for what you have now..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCESS I LOVE YOU!
Baby you and me goin' fishin' in the dark
One for Lily, one for Violet.
Now arguing with #timewarner about an outstanding balance of $0.48.
RT : First time skipping class to go Figure Skating in Harlem charity event at Wollman rink right now!
Anyone interested in running and/or brunching? I need some motivation.
if you're on my mind can I drive in the carpool lane?
Thank you, Dr. David A. Ambler! He was Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs @ #KU. Offered guidance, support.
I was in grad school (English lit) for a whopping six months. Tweet a few lines and I'll give you my (worthless) opinion.
Trying to find some way to make my spring break fun is becoming diffiiiculllt.
Gotta go to work at three. Got a good nights sleep. Gotta good attitude about today!
You asked for work... you got some work!
The American Way to Change by Shirley Sagawa is a great read and offers insight to volunteer programs across the nation
Yay! You used #McFatty :) That brought a smile to my face.
Thanks for the add Bill had a great time in September
Over 46,000 Downloads of my remix to "Call Me Maybe"!! Thanks so much for all the support WORLDWIDE!
#TwoThingsIWant POWERS AND TO DESTROY EARTH .....
I have another #TEDxCLT volunteer for you! His name is Colby Wolf email:
hahahaha too much...that's that down south 'ish smh
I didn't burst into tears today. For that, I consider my day a success!
": I miss us. And I don't mean us being together, I mean like I miss us being so close and telling each other everything."
...what? "for once"? are you serious with this?
All SJCPL locations will be closed in observance of Easter. Have a great Easter!
Heading to your Miami headquarters tonight! RT It's the freakin' weekend. RT this if you're getting the party started with BACARDI.
I find this year's M's actually harder to watch than last- if only because last year I stopped watching altogether.
you guys have fun. Get your high school to team camp!!
You can't hang around negative people & live a positive life. If you think you're there to lift them up, they'll most likely bring you down.
unsubscribing from a bunch of tweeters. Feeling good about it. Keeping you though
Sorry. Can't make it tonight. Other plans. At some this weekend though.
Baseball is back
sexy can I
Avengers was sold out so we went to for drinks, where we sat next to at the bar! Good ending to a great wknd
Change should be a friend. It should happen by plan, not by accident. -Phil Crosby
Speak to the boss nikka dont creep around me
If left-brains decide that routine work has no value, who'll maintain escalators, parks, & printed literature collections?
David Taylor is one of the best I have ever watched
In one of those weird realizations, I've spelled "heroin" wrong my whole life.
Wow!! Thanks for all the +K's!
You never forget about your family and friends because your in a relationship.
I wonder does Faith look at that shot of her lying bed with Biggie sitting on the edge in that One More Chance and ask herself "WTF?"
tapping into my inner 12 yo boy - giddy about a firetruck within arms distance and watching Tony Hawk videos
And, before it closes see PULP SHAKESPEARE
On our way to our spring break surprise. On a bus and don't know where we are headed!
what is that you're reading...
": #AstrologyFacts #Geminis combine daring with practicality and discipline with artistry."
only your post office?
KUSH & COLLEGE BASKETBALL
TAKE IT DOWN
those do look tasty but I don't drink carbonated beverages anymore.
lol, empty glass and it's a toasted salmon sandwich.
maybe next year.. :(
i dont know if i'll be able to survive 12 days until i see !!!!!!!
I like your use of worst/best ironies.
yo all r sick as fuckson
the coffee is already brewing.
Your hands are tough, but they are where mine belong in <3
I swear... She hates me.
attended a ridiculously informative SEO training today with great stuff!
it smells that way so that you don't use it
why? why? why? do you encourage ?! ;)
I love your new album!!!
I'm sorry. I thought the sticky was funny not the spill. I hope your not hurt.
Your love so deep, you know that is humbles me. <3
Shoot! I did...shame on me. My fingers got away with me.
let us know if it's ok to use a screen shot of your tweet
Looking for advice on attracting additional corporate planners to our venue? Any hints? email me .
follow back?
#SHOUTOUT to the new homie follow her!
Glad to see Al Horford back on the court
How about some advice from team member Bucky? He's our man!
have u checked out www.yatkids.org. Summer signups now!
First there sour, then there sweet
Woohoo for another street team! spread the love! :D
Tomorrow is Public Education in DC: At a Fork in the Road at Metropolitan Community Church at 474 Ridge St NW from 6-8pm!
You tell me not to lie but if I walked around telling the truth all the time, a lot of people's feelings would be hurt
go back to the pool!!! I'm coming :)
Great advice for a Monday morning! RT : Never, never, never give up. ~ W. Churchill
Me too! Few believed. If it all pans out it will be TRULY historic and we were part of it!
Where are you at?
The annex elevator now smells like bacon- THANKS* *not really thanks
- I prefer your commentary on music
I remember the first time we talked, I was like I love your imagines and now were twitter bestfriends:)<3
I dont like marriage, money, or Jersey but for some reason, i would kill to be a real housewife of NJ.
I didnt get to say goodbye :(
This week we have a great show with The Scene Aesthetic. Come out and have a grand ol' time!
Congrats on the MI Emmy nomination Fubble Entertainment LLC! Backstage Drama feeling the love.
unfollowed person with THIS joke: "what is algebra? something you take off a mermaid to see her breasts." uuggghhhhhhh
To state that the rich should be taxed for morale reasons is crazy. They should be taxed because not taxing them in order 2tax mc
Chris Brown on #DWTS...impressive performance. Could have been a comeback week - instead still a setback after GMA
Now Following good look on the follow and make sure you check out www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87 thanks a lot
just finished ur book. Great read. Keeping true to urslf. Nice job!
Haha! he is isn't he. Good thing he took after his mom.
Lol... ": u might have to come out of retirement.." only is u get slay and u run the 2....
the funniest car...needs to be retired!
Lookin' god. Me, I mean. Not Holland. Maybe try throwing a strike bro.
I love my new icon. (: Demi looks so flawless. <3
thanks for following.. :)
I usually dress people with my eyes, when shopping at Walmart.
Lol. Seriously ! anybody. Got some thoughts that shouldnt be shared at all.
Don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality
Thanks California. What an awesome babymoon-workcation. I had such a fabulous time.
You're fighters are my heroes. Anthony is really a special fighter. I cannot wait to see him in action again!
gray and pink :)
I predict you wake up at 2am with the game calling you
Yeah I'd seen lmao
Can't stand hearing anything about Chris Brown anymore, he is a creep, let's all move on and leave him with his skeletons
#BBW I forgot #Suzie was even on the show
Who Needs A Runway? You can take off from where you are! With
n i meant to spell bold n dat last tweet oops!!!!!!
My single "Hemophobia" will no longer be available for purchase after June 12, 2011. So if you want it, buy it now!
oh. When you said "What I do to college students" I had a totally different expectation.
hope u like BBQ and hot wings! That's seemingly all the eat down here... But yes, come!
can't wait for you to get here! Do you know what campus yet?
Happy Friday. Drink Well, Drink OTR, Drink The Lackman!
#NP Make me proud- Everything's adding up, you've been through hell and back, that's why you bad as f*ck and you know you are.
Beautiful day to eat lunch on the Deli's secluded garden courtyard!!
Creativity lives everywhere.
I notice that you haven't been on since May 9th are you still active on twetter if so hit me back?
Spent the afternoon getting acquainted w/Headway Themes. Too shy to show the site I'm working on, but inspired by the #headwaywp showcase.
Are you done being annoying?
um back from nyc, have a radio show weekdays in manchester 10-1pm..on Unity Radio 92.8fm going rather well.. u?
I work for Parks and have a few ideas. DM me your email address please!
And my future will be better than my past.
Do you remember how epic the opening ceremony of the china Olympic games was? I do
Damn you Christian music. I need my Pitbull and Nicki Manij.
Who else?? “: myself, & will be heading to LSP for the vs "
Haha! Of course!
at least you got hours YAY american eagle still #lovesyou :)
Do you have a stressed out co-worker or friend you need to buy a Gift for? Check out these perfect Gift ideas!
Very proud of our team performance in #bourbonchase while running with only 10 runners. Congrats all!
I can literally feel my heart ache. Ugh.
I can't help but break out in laughter everytime I see the 's twitter icon
Okay i have 2 projects to do in 4 days both due on the same day-_- Maybe i should start with one know..
Every family has it's demons
wait are the superSonics and Sonics the same team?? I'm confused.
would not have thought that
A special trolley show release is coming very shortly...
If you ever want to feel popular, just ask for a quote on shipping your car cross-country. I'll be taking your calls for the next 15 mins...
We will be reading a proclamation from WTMJ 4 about our Hottest Women in T.V. survey from last week. Keep listening.
Day 5: ”vegan super green salad” for lunch.
In order to change we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired. #quote | RT
#FF - an exceptional #ecommerce expert who helped me put together the best Mother's Day Gift of all this year for my mama!
yes alcoves. like nooks and crannies.
I dont know!
{tackle hugs }
AND..., why wasn't my large pizza $10??? The online form doesn't allow for this special!
The market is really hopping!!!! Sellers are getting multiple offers! No need to wait till the spring! Get it on now! 724-1064
1. Bulls' Bench Puts Struggling Heat On Tilt - ESPN
Client meeting in 5 then new business meeting at 4:00. Looking forward to hopefully celebrating at HH after work.
Watching the Berenstain Bears(:
'sHeadband: "This is boring. Why am I getting so little camera time?"
So you send me a text that says so I have a question and I replied this morning and I'm really nervous about it and you still havent replied
hahah I hate you! I'm wrapping it & giving it to you at graduation to have in college next year! You dress up tomorrow!
- BTR is at Cruzan this summer. They are playing amphitheaters on this tour.
regardless of who wins tonight you must be bursting with pride to know how much you are appreciated and respected by your team
I come here to bury Monday, not to praise it! ;)
great. Let's talk in the morning if you can.
I hope the next 24 hours go quickly. I have to feed 23 people tomorrow. And somehow fit them all into my house. EEk.
I do sexy
The hash tag is #IndianaLibraryJobs. Will post links as they trickle through my feed.
Thanks Quota
You sure can :)
You know I don't go to Belmont anymore, right? Might want to go ahead and delete that tweet...
You make me happy! <3
Jamming to the on this day off
New tunes are sounding good. Excited to get some recording done.
:) of course they are!
“Remain open. There is something bigger than you know going on here.” Iyanla Vanzant
drawn to the today show for nostalgic reasons, but hard to take it seriously when Kim Kardashian on (and highlighted) as guest.
you are :) & welcome
Two hour workout today cause I didn't workout yesterday.
At penfield country club for Gary's bachelor party... On to the raffles!
Elvis Presley is a beautiful man!
vegan lunch..
November 26, 2010 was the saddest day ever for me. Justin was here and i could not go. :( if i miss his tour this time. i will break down.
Good Luck!!!
Classes today.
#MileyWeAreHereForYouAlways ! e you give us lessons to radiate love & make us proud everyday! e
ready for the next door to open. it might be nothing... but it might be something wonderful!!
No worries - I wasn't there. Just liked your tweet and wanted to share it. Are you still in town through this weekend?
yes but with all montages
Calling all #LUMAtics: summer open enrollment workshops are set. Mark your calendars: June 19-20, July 24-25, and August 28-29 at new HQ!
- in from SF, drive from bev hills to try u. Website says u close at 2. We are turned away at 11 - kitchen closed! Terrible!
thanks x, stay good
Pretty sick night, and did work tonight in Houston Tx :) pumped to hear
Playing werewolf with It is on anybody ready?
Its Rob (Stand by Me, When Harry Met Sally) Reiner's latest movie; a coming-of-age drama set in the '60s.
haha. Definitely. It's a girl thing. We hear it even when you don't say it out loud.
it should. uses buddypress
What if the Father, Son, and Spirit come back tonight?..........
MT When someone says they'll move for an internship, screams ready to push out of comfort zone. Immediate yes to hire
If you're not in the pew by 9:30, you're not getting the full effect of midnight mass.
Interesting! E Eur has so many hidden gems. RT : You should visit Kosovo too! Great people and a beautiful country.
If you think you have Michael Jackson fame, then I'm sure that shit feels great! lol
It's back, FITzees! Your new fav.- #TGIFITzee! Stop by to stock up from 2pm-6pm: when you buy 3 meals, you'll get a 4th #free!
Oh the jokes on rep weiner now. What a weiner! Even my 7 yr old had some good ones
what have you got me into? Can't wait to see you
: yeah buddy.!! This time we shall take over.!!
It all started with thongs. Check it out. For sure.
Levon Helm, who carried the weight on some of the greatest songs in rock history, dies after a long battle with cancer
On vacation. be back soon.
I ain't settlin' for anything less than everything.
Got a headache...
thank U 4 your support, as always! 1 LOVE FAM.
We made civilizations and my civilization was an ICONic Land and our Motto was Be ICONic plzz tell me what you think
That is smart. Well done!
Go-Go: RIP Chuck Brown : (
nice! We should plan a dinner date soon!
Just bought it and cant stop lissening to it!!
What's it gonna be?!
welcome lol. & hahah. Omg. For real!? That's crazy. Lol
The least you can do is try!
Evisors is new, bigger and better. New features. Better search. More evisors. Take a look! www.evisors.com
OMG...watching this nasty family on wife swap...how can your house be that dirty!! Ewww
Staggering: 79 million men in America between 25 and 65. And nearly 18 million of them, or 22%, are out of work completely.
RT David von Storch--owner of --will open 901, a small-plates restaurant, in Penn Quarter this April
Mike Dunleavy (Milwaukee Bucks): "My favorite app? Fried calamari....wait, you don't mean appetizer? Oh! Phone app!" Lmao too funny
From all of us at The Kempe Foundation, thank you for supporting us this evening. Kempe Takes Hong Kong was a great success!
Went to the hair salon today. Best blowjob ever.
Join us today #ALA2011 Conference in New Orleans to discuss 2011 provocative statements. Friday, June 24, 2-4 pm, (MCC) room 334.
Man selling bottled water at side of road #BSRraceday. First price $1, then he said $5 each and 2 for $10 "If they look good, it's free."
RT : Listening processes are: passive, personal, or curated. Pitchfork does the latter.
the volcano!
Infect me with your loving, fill me with your poison?! Uh No! How bout seal yourself hermetically, strap up!
muhahahaha. *slowly forms finger pyramid of evil contemplation*
cellular-news Updated throughout the day
2012 Overall #1 #bbjpacesetters in Boston Nice shoutout to your team Congrats!
If you want God to stand up in your life, maybe you need to sit down.
justin! This girl at mcds just told my dad "you look like chuck norris!" #WINNING lol
we are working with They are taking care of us. Thanks though!
Mrs Beasley is back at the vet until she's doing better. Please cross your fingers and paws for her. We miss her already and want her home.
No amount of good innings in a single game can make up for 6 + baserunners in a single inning.
I will and keep me up to date as much as possible :)
How do you use the paid value of a voucher after expiration? There isn't a code displayed anymore post-expiration data.
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn showers immediately after getting home
going to be early.... gotta get up early to spend the day in CHICAGO! can't wait!
I dig the hair in that photo.
...THE DVDS!! And that's so crazy cuz I was gonna name her phoebe cuz rachel and monica dnt sound like pets but I........
I got nuthin
some fucking black kids. she came up to me cause i yelled at her and goes "yo momma yo daddy yo bald head grandma!".. bitch lol
Follow Privet's very own MAXIM model on twitter! Come by the club and have some drinks!
My home in Las Vegas was just burglarized. They stole all of my stainless-steel appliances. Merry Christmas. Thanks.
Good Morning!!
Let us know when you want to come back to NYC! Upset that I'm only a few months shy from being able to see you at Mercury tmrw!
"I've Been To The Mountaintop (or, in this case, Costco).......Figs at last! Figs at last! Thank God Almighty CostCo has Figs at last!"
fit challenge fit challenge o ah
sorry to hear that. He's lived a happy life. Traveled more than most of his kind. RIP
"No action equals no result"
Knew Bed & Breakfast Man was coming up soon!
this I"ve got to read!!!
This fighting all the time is annoying.
"I have to thank the organization for giving me the best 17 years of my life." - Tim Wakefield
Thank you! Have a wonderful weekend.
Next Scheduled Streak is Saturday, June 25th
G11 USHistory: watching performances of the modern interpretations of the City on a Hill speech...
Who needs friends when you have cheerleading.
ahh boo, I want to start a team 😡
they are good gettin big!!! i saw them in dec i was home for the whole month another reason y i need to go home
Every single woman needs a non-negotiable set of standards regarding men... and they must not be compromised
I LOVE MY MOMMY
Ah even here Gilbert and Sullivan's "with a cloth untrue..."
Enjoyed it. 2 hot chicks like tht would make any man fucked up right?“: Thanks for tuning in everybody. Stay up!”
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim & end of human existence. ~Aristotle
Having a big bad headache.. 😒 Goodnight.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY<33 YOUR A GREAT MOTHER YOU RAISED SUSCK A TALENTED GENTLE MAN<3
This is the best I've seen our hawks play heading into the playoffs
Work on our expansion has really taken off!
Listening to "Somebody to Love" by the one and only JUSTIN BIEBER! (: Favorite song EVER!
Way to suck dick jets
For sure! MT : thanx 4 the follow! We're currently on tour w maybe u can c us next time in #Clt!
Women put a wall between herself and every man that comes next and men fuck and leave as many women as possible
School sucks :( don't wanna go Tomorrow wish I could stay home !!!!!!
Study study study!
dogs could talk if they had a smaller tongue
and i'm watching a movie about a serial killer in the middle of the night why? i can't seem to change the channel though.
You make me feel like I'm leaving a teenage dream!!!! My heart stops when u look at me ”\··/" !!!
I want my future ex husband to have a sleeve and thats final.
Met a Navy Seal today!
Dance and workout with the bestfran<3
According to Twitter, when creating a list, a '/' as a name is seen as a number.
I miss them lol sparky and nala are asleep too
Piano #improvisation for street magicians, equal parts brash and delightful suspension of belief, with pedal.
Tonight. 10:30 pm. Popular Science + them. Reunited for an epic hour of improv awesomeness. DCT Theater. iO WEST. 'nuff said.
Did North Carolina also vote to deny equal rights to those who like shellfish and mixed fabrics?
Madonna ep of glee is AWESOME
Time to hit you all with the Pre Mayweather - Cotto fight TECH update!!!
Working on any great weekend projects this weekend?
haha yeah they were goin at it.
It was a tough day y'all. Having another glass of wine and contemplating how screwed North Carolina Democrats are this fall
Didn't tweet at all today. My bad.
Fuck water cycles already, just urinal filtering
Twitter integration is ago.
Dear Chael Sonnen, if you're the the bad ass you pretend 2 be... You would've taken a nap like a real fighter in that bout vs Silva.
#oomf is on her shit these days...
I know he's so swet and he's an amazing person.!
Lol i already kno i am, but i knew wat she meant... but dats wat she get for sayin dar old lady was takin me to her house lol aha :-P
The media has an all out attack raging on against black women and are "playing" on the fears of "losing" our men with it
Verdad that. Leaving town Sat! Yay!
h3y haha. that was a typo but it looks cool!
Smh yeah right. copped. anything Knicks color on a decent model is copped
Great thing about filling out evaluation forms for teachers is that class is almost over
gettin sleepy..think ill hit the sack...nite:)
.no I'm not mad
Inning end. 3-2 in favor Thanks , , , and , vote came in just late
Jets interested in Tebow...I guess one crappy QB isn't enough
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
TAKE THAT SQUAT RACK!! 500+ RACKS ON RACKS!! gonna be a good day
wtf?! LOL You guys need a lifeguard tonight?!?!?! LOL ;-p
Excited about margaritas tonight on the waterfront.
What size were you at? Close up well?
[Today in PD] Public Diplomacy Achievement Awards 2012
Happy Valentines Day everyone<3 Share it with the people you love
Ima go to the barber shop this weekend haven't been in about 4 months
This page intentionally left blank verse.
Hey Freddy.....we take pepsi cans in our pockets to the movies.....really saves money!
Yesterday the Brazilian Federal Court unanimously decided that Affirmative Action policies are constitutional, thanks for spreading the word
haha omg talk to my BFF she don't want to talk to me
New profile pic
RT : There are two ways to live your life: as though nothing is a miracle or as though everything is a miracle. YOU get to...
I k ow
User | williamjackes | Submitted | RankCo via apartment
"Oh my God. I broke Abed."
How are you enjoying the Golden Gate Bridge, Danny? If you have any great photos, please feel free to share them!
Belfanz: early ID and intervention is key in education low performing and special needs students.
John Trent in makeup for today's shoot of
1.idfc that was old n crusty like yoy that why you bringimg it up 2.YOU STILL AINT SHOW ME YO BF YET OR GIVE ME A NAME!!???
Your SO funny heather! oh i mean Featherz hahaha
Lemme Tell You Guys This. He Lied To Me & Told Me She Was His Sister. BS!!!!!
going to go swimming with Shyann and Erin tomarrow :)
We need your favorite #ABQ outdoor patio-dining/drinking locations. Ready...go!
Ok Mizzou just screwed me. There goes my bracket.
Big Ben being compared to Willis Reed on NFL Network? HELL NO!
Can't tell you how much fun it is to look out the office window to see and Jan-Michael Gambill playing at the CO State Open!
rice pudding I want to marry a sexy blonde from canada (: #BOYFRIEND♥
Cruise-In is in full swing -- fresh tamales & lots more -- awesome free raffle prizes including a racing jacket -- 79th & Foster
But this weekend with the LS tho!!!! >>>> we dead set it OWT everywhere!!!
I will!(: And tell your mother from me 'Happy Mothers Day'!Stay Safe Guys!(:
Free music downloads. Legal even. Http://www.freegle.com
She steals like a thief .. But shes always a Woman to me ... 🎵
Have you all been enjoying the EP we released about 2 months ago? If you have, help us out and tweet about us. We're short on followers!
There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose.
Why does me becoming a theatre major have to be SO far away!?!?!?!
We were never being boring.
Do you need it tonight?
Come see us at Maverick's for New Years Eve! You could win BRAD PAISLEY tix!! In Mundelein at RT 176/83/60!
kim don'y
Three picks! Too busy dreaming, vick? It doesn't matter, you don't really like philly anyway.
Ah. I spoke too soon. Sorry
Nobody wants to get stuck on islands...ocho island and T-RAW island
Worst day ever for Rivers... Best day ever for the #chiefs. On track for
Good for you!
What do you do when you don't want the two people you care about to get hurt? asdfghjkl;
shhhh, i've said too much
Ugh BTW Ball is a worldwide TT, so jealous that Europe & Asia get to see it before us... :(
Do ppl still play board games like Monopoly and Scrabble?
Shooting #headshots like CRAZY! I forget how busy it gets before pilot season kicks in.
I am about to rock on about ebooks at the library. Do librarians talk about anything else?
If I find life to challenging, then I keep trucking until it gets better.
iPad 2, the next generation of the magical device, went on sale today at all 236 Apple Retail Stores in the US&through the Online Store.
Haha deal! I'm glad that appeals to you. I've been waiting for someone to comment on that picture! Hope you like the tunes!
OMFGOMFGOMFG WHOEVER INVITED PLEASE TELL THEM I SAID THANK YOU SO SO SO SO SO MUCH<> I LOVE THAT BOY!
Pre Production craziness for the shoot next week
people keep on unfollowing me..bitch.
thanks Mere!!!!
I know something you don't know....
#thirstygamez2012 so pumped.
Rihanna’s Shocking Tweet — Is She Bisexual?
LOL , stick run
No -- but should say yes and that would explain why I haven't seen this. LOL Starting to tweet again for work, so back on
“: Chillin @ Evilla... B-More what up?? ”good seeing you last night !
When people ignore me, and I know they're on their phone, it seriously pisses me off so badly. You could just say you don't want to talk..
Help Reach 10k [:
OMFGSH I JUST PASSED BY RALPH IN H&M. But.. I feel nothing.
My buddy is a brave soldier wooohoooo! And his nickname is Guns!!!
damn so you in Arizona right now?
AOL is going to ruin the Huffington Post, and I've got three words to prove it: YOU'VE. GOT. MAIL.
RT : Lovie on McClellin: "He had his hand in the dirt, trying to become a better pass rusher, & that’s what it’s all about."
Thanks! We love that you love them! ;)
We have a lot going on at IR! Sign up for the Spelling Bee and our Community Literacy Summit. Call 275-4040.
But oh well.
RT if drake isn't rapping about women, dough, weed or cars, what IS he rappin about? and doing so immaturely, i might add.
Street life make me think. What if a nigga fuck wit my family? I'ma kill everybody I see until I die. None stop
Now that I'm not in school and can relax the horniess is back with a vengeance. Esp with my favorite aphrodisiacs around: food and wine
RT : Follow Debra works with victims of investment fraud including stocks, commodities, options...
Frostrils is genius!
its cool not too big
x) I'd be more than happy to give them to a handsome dude like yourself. 😘
I believe, good sir, that you are lying.
Only store open in cambrige was a candy shop with America candy. Score. Highlight of this trip.
Thanks Ron! We love working with you!
ok does anyone else think that the btw poster in creepy. But i still luv her anyways.
Ray Allen out on floor to start second half. Avery Bradley has not returned.
Crawford takes it I have a feeling
hah! Yup, NYC. Well, I guess that settles it :) Have fun!
I knew this day would come !
Heading to play bball! It's my sanctuary...the only time I don't have to think about anything or how fucked things can be!!
Two new Transform artist just finished meeting with distribution.
Friedness makes me wonder i am i watchin this infamerical
Leadership means being flexible about the path but committed to the destination
Some days there won't be a song in your heart. Sing anyway. ~ Emory Austin #quote RT RT
chec email my g
so am I in all fur and leather so it gives them a reason to attack me lol
I hate that I'm stupid and have to go to summer school.
": #HappyBirthday Heaux! 😘 " THANKS SO MUCH!!! I BETTER SEE U TODAY!!!
Almost 5pm and prod ofc is abuzz with actors, make-up artist, costume designer and digi rep all prepping for the last night shoot
ITS BECAUSE JARED SULLINGER IS GAMETIME DECISION IM TRYIN TO FIND OUT IF HES PLAYIN BEFORE THE TIP!
These moments are living memories
30 minutes into the AP Stats test-- 20 people were asleep
Group said to have sole right to try for PMN A group headed by businessman Lewis Katz and philanthropist H.F. "Gerry" Lenfest has entered
RT Free show today in Chicago @ Millennium Park, 4pm-5pm (WTMX Party in the Park)
How do you resolute to have a healthy 2012? By eating organic? By working out? What else... share your thoughts in comments!!...
Itz been along day!..
Sorta like when Miss Hazel says u need to do the dishes?
Caught the megamillions bug!
not a lot, just off work and home from the gym, what's up with you??
I spent four hours editing about 30 seconds of footage. Ahh :/.
an ad shoot today, an annual report for a non profit tomorrow. Just back from a journalism project in Cambodia..
Long sleeves.....no one has to know.
Hi, Christina Palladino with ABC5. Can I get your email? Looking to set up a one on one with Herman Cain on a series we're doing
Believing in Tim Tebow - ESPN http%3A%2F%2Fes.pn%2FwGdY81 This is really what Tim Tebow is really all about.
Axford is up in the pen...here he comes
It's Christmas Eve && there's no snow... What. The. Fudge.
"If there's gonna be a traffic jam, it better be a tractor man"
I just won an epic wrestling match with an oven door. Dripping sweat now, but its back on.
Some people content with they struggle
eventually someone will buy the vacant unit next door, but in meantime... love cranking up music as loud as I want
help this guy get to 15k . i swear his tweets are awesome :D
Happy New Year and how is your dad doing?
thanks for great tweets #NLTI event on social media
Also, we have four leagues so you won't technically be in a league with me. You'll be in a rookie one. Hope that's OK.
I'm gonna go ask my mom if I can buy the next book. I'm like in love with Jeremiah omfg
No! Not great good going to waste. Bad Quills. No soup for you. Hey, how about a feature this Season? Hmm?
I have the best boo bear in the whole world
matarangis such a nice place! got back today and had amazing weather while i was there! good week :D
pliz come back to BOSTON,MASSACHUSETTS come back we miss u so much if u come i will go to ur concert follow me xoxo
The seams will tell me tomorrow! Lol
when u come to philly for a game can my three year old son who adores you get a pic with u or sign his hat. Love the way u play
Sore throat and all I wanna do is sleep. She could have called and told me she'd be hours late. I could be sleeping right fucking now.
that lineup is to good.. Yea frsure haha cus its preetty far..!
Need a cheap sporting event for the kido. No more 14'ers :(
Everyone go follow !!
does know that she's playing for Ohio State tonight and just picked up her 2nd foul?
and waiting :)
well if you would ever like to check out our system let me know and we could get you a discount :)
Unbelievably, my parents are avid listeners of the Red Hot Chili Peppers Pandora station. Need ear bleach.
Nice to meet another New Englander. Yesterday was beautiful. Great brunch at Craigie on Maine then visited the MIT Museum.
aww poor thing! Glad you are back up and running...may #print thrive!
Dance show=SUCCESS! Thats one level of stress off of my shoulders(:
Baffert loser through first 10 cuz Liaison drew No. 20 post. Big Brown won from post 20. Best draw is Gemologist in No. 15 says Jerry Baily
You should already be in costume!
#Miami - Come party with us tonight as & take over the turntables SET Nightclub |
Hey, I know you. :) Dig the mantra, it's always do or die. Keeping doing!
eating ice cream.. :)
Don't worry, you still have time to get a team together. Madison's Hardest Trivia starts at 9pm. Be there.
“: #3WordsForYou I want you back.” That's 4
CATS all day
Remembering Jerry Hadley singing "It Must Be So" is the stuff of heartbreak.
haha got other classes to worry about
Georgia and Alabama.
got an 80B on my bio lab final! Guess it could be worse!
Never mistake motion for action. by-Ernest Hemingway
“: going to sleep so well tonight” can't wait
Feliz De Las Madres!!!!!:). To all you Mexican Mamas <3
Skied on the wide open lake this morning (everything is frozen here in Minnesota). It was awesome !
gotta wait on insurance. Let's see what they are talking about. Prayerfully they don't total it out.
When he said he was born in Kenya, was he a birther?": So, has Obama "evolved" on his claim that he was born in Kenya? Is that it?
About Lanterns » Blog Archive » does anyone know what else to do ...
RT if u cant wait for summer 2012 :)
Watching Doug and doing my homework.
#thiefrules I put my name on it so it's mine
I'm actually scared to go to school tomorrow cause of all the work I need to make up
You can think of 50 reasons why you can do something, and then think of 50 why you can't. If you never try, you will fail.
What's your favorite healthy lunch to eat OUT when you forgot yours or you're just on the road all day?
I'm waiting until last second to pay this ticket. Forget that.
you and me both!
I wish you had the opposite of insomnia or at least timed it with PST.
Rock to Rebuild rescheduled for March. Check website for more details: baltimoreacts.org
Where are you located ?
Nobody calls them "Cool Ranch," they're called the Blue bag of "Doritos."
You can never go wrong at the Palm Restaurant
Spaceships don't come equip with review mirrors!
Im not gon qet hurt Once Again .
George W Bush endorses Mitt Romney: "I'm for Mitt".....followed by Romney throwing his shoe at him.
yeah. I was in the beer garden all day. and although I'll want to sit elsewhere tomorrow, it probably won't happen.
OMG your new video is awesome! Ive been waiting for u to do that song!!
I'm too easily diverted by other tasks. Updating appendixes for book and brainstorming more liberal copyright notice that pub will accept.
WHY CAN"T I LIVE OR WORK IN CANADA!? Sounds like an amazing time to be had by all. Please make lots of videos from the tour.
Nice where are you Staying?
Everyone always tells me that nothing phases me, I never actually care about nothing.
People need to stop having babies and start putting some rings on the finger.
Jersey is cool, but i'm ready to get back to VA tonight. Definitely gained some inspiration out here. You never know where it'll come from.
But you get to play with doggies that come into your store all day! :D
Yes, please let us know when Maggie Gallagher's husband turns up! Like Where's Waldo, Where's That Bigot's Husband? Boom!
Are primaries and caucuses turned into 'American Idol' style events on cable news networks bad for democracy... or can it be good?
Can U feel The Heat!!
Teriffic convention everyone! Congrats to so many fine competitors! Hope to see you in Portland!
MEXICO bitch!!
Your show is so amazing, I love your mom on #girls, but I miss your real mom from - can you writer her in?
What's up dude? I thought you quit me.
LOL you right !
Here's another #watercheck. It's
#DRAGRACE Sharon Needles!
Feedback for : Theme/ad song for "Good Day Lately" with wailing woman is just terrible. White producer's idea of a black singer?
I will let you know! But for sure i know ill be there about july8th because my birthday falls on next day! hoping to see u!
The Corkcicle was just featured on the Today show! It is available now at WWW.KitchenCouture.net!
then you should fly virgin air
Good morning Tweet Freaks! It's a beautiful, warm morning in sunny GSO North Carolina! God Bless You All!
Sweet! RT Made some Cupcake soaps..Blackberry Bling & Anjou Pear Blossom!!!! The store smells AWESOME..Ready for...
Loving a lot right now - our post-midnight humor is really crushing it tonight.
I do indeed remember you, and I'm glad you're liking a book I recommended. But which one is it? Cheers, Bo
wow bronzed goddess! Love the photo!!
Oo baby baby!
#TeenWolf is coming back. FINALLY.
“Believe none of what you hear and half of what you see.” ~ Ben Franklin
When you do article marketing, your goal is for your website to be found by people who don't know your business even exists.
We flex like 90px
Lol <3 “ Shut up bitch ...hey arnold on”
Good morning The crew including are some great folks! Open house soon
#HappyHour time! 1/2 price on all of our appetizers and burgers!!! $1.50 bottles and $5 crushes!!!
I wanna go home /:
Just made deans list. No big deal.
it MIGHT be a CSS thing... but again, it's weird. Could be your images are too wide... check media settings
lol to me yes, to everyone else no 😝😘
RT : RT : If I was a bear I'd start climbing into residential trees just to get free tranquilizers.
CALI Lessons work on iPhone, iPad, and other smartphones/tablets as well as computers. Guess those have distractions, too, tho. :)
There were lawsuits in 1918-1930 between telegraph and wireless providers that led to new issues over copyright violations, jamming, etc.
ps. - love the burlesque wallpaper look in loubatains on your twitter homepage!
Sounds like you need a private jet! And I'm depressed by the fact that you will be graduating before me.
This weather feels like im back in Florida.....
Woot!! RT : THANK YOU, #bedandbread tweeters, we have reached the number of tweets needed for the $25,000 from !
I just followed follow her & gain followers :)
please follow and kimmie sheldon is off the chain disney!
he's so cute
Thanks for the RT!
i just joined twitter and I am so confused. hey you wanna be the first person to tweet me?! x
Did every girl in the audience just think "Oh, Tiffany!" Or maybe it's just me distracted by shiny objects?
that would be great! Was also about to invite you to a Diversity Happy Hour tomorrow. Do you know a place to go for lunch?
thank you for letting us photograph your gorgeous dresses!
What the hell is going on at the Milwaukee Art Museum or at least near it???? Dozen or so emergency vehicles.
German Club Exchange today was great! I love my fellow clubmates <3
Got some good Mikkeller (Hop Breakfast, Rauch Breakfast, Green Gold) and just some random stuff I hadn't tried before
I followed !!!
A girls most beautiful smile tells her saddest story...<3
I should not have questioned the wisdom of The View ladies. Clearly the Christie weight conversation has traction. Interesting.....
All you can eat wings start at 6. #bartrivia starts at 7 and 2-4-1 drinks until 8. Weds nights are FUN!! #Whiskeytango tonight!
More of a fan of equinox than solstice. Today is a day of extremes where nature is out of balance. Glad we 90 days from rebalancing.
I hate girls who sit & pretend something is wrong to get attention
and we all knew it ahead of time, too. "You know, this could be a very big mistake."
Note to self..actions speak louder than words
Yay! There's no school for me tomarrow! :)
I wish CVS had a delivery service that would bring me medicine right now.
Better luck next year... #GoCougs!
I realized the past couple weeks I haven't been as happy as I am now in almost 3 years. Learn what's bringing you down and let it go.
When is Jeff George gonna get picked?
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ One must ask children and birds how cherries and strawberries taste.
RT My fantasy football draft is this week. Beer, food, and many heavyset men arguing about football. Good times.
ME YOU FUCKER.
you tell us what you need. We are here to spread the love
i know lol slow moment
Heading to to talk with Josh, Iph, about the #mural he is finishing on their building
Is "sorry" the proper response for bumping someone with your car? Id hate to have done her wrong twice.
that sucks
TODAY ONLY 50% OFF! All our great gifts are half price!!!!
Celebrate NY Eve tonight!! Live music with Spivey, no cover and a complimentary toast!!
trying to decide if i should get a truck or car
Go you!!
next Thursday perhaps
We have already sold three homes in Bridgewater this month! Spring is in the air!
still waiting to see if i can go to teen hoot!!!! i wanna see u so bad!!! <21
If a company only views CF as a metric and not a vision - they're success will suffer...
Thanks for the RT.
Seriously? Do people think taking care of a disabled parent is any less difficult than having a child? One u never asked for! Help is needed
Watching #Idol and see Phillip is playing a Taylor guitar. Guess he doesn't fly
I would love to ask What makes a woman a true leader & what she defines as success.
Med iced coffee for $0.99!! And it's GOOD. I'm having a coffeegasm!
I am so
Hey happy
I wish I could just not care anymore.
Congrats to #Madison's Tory Miller on the James Beard award!
Ready to support the bob cats tomorrow night in the first regional game!! Go blue 😊💙👍⚾
I know can't wait to watch.
I won't be able to make it. But when is your next ugly mugs performance? I'd love to attend
WEBSPECIAL- 10% Off Coupon. Use coupon code "WEBSPECIAL," to receive 10% off your order. Coupon is valid for one time use.
I'm gonna try, I have a dance meeting at 6, so I might be a little late.
on my way lol
Commission discussing Sacramento Congressional districts.
keeping my fingers crossed for you.
I almost ended up in the lap of the man next to me! and I had our hearts in our throats!
SO much cooler to be Oprah : RT : "Be yourself" is the worst advice you can give to people.-- Mark Twain
RT : URGENT -- President Obama says he will end the controversial "don't ask, don't tell" policy in the military.
On a scale of 1-100 how immature are you? 69 ;)
An awkward tingle....( Dan will know when it's time )
Reading at Liam's Pub from UnSaddest Factory - play by Lola Pierson - right now they're singing a rock song about the unabomber.
have a great day!!
I wanna watch it with you omg my favorite
originally from there..
It wasn't pretty but it was 9 miles. Improved our pace time by 5 seconds too.
Taking it back to my childhood... Watching "Come Fly With Me"
okay yeah i will. thank you. :)
Sorry -- missed this earlier. Intransitive obtain: eww, how annoying! ...with "obtain" as an intransitive verb.
Stevie Wonder just did a special rendition of "Ribbon in the Sky" called "An Angel in God's Choir" for #WhitneyHouston's funeral.
yay! I'm so thrilled to hear it. time to rock 'n roll! ;)
Indeed, perhaps its the shampoo?
Keep boo'in Kobe! Hes gonna drop 40 in this win!!
I heard the term the New Renaissance three times in last 3 days, is it coming?
Come see 2nite 4 the best hiphop in sd! Get there early Friday nights gets packed!
Thanks for the follow!
Dude I'm soo hungry right about now.
Chillin' watching Dora w/Chloe
GOOD. BECAUSE MILEY CYRUS IS HOT
I meant BFG.... somehow I typed BGF.
There's a lot of Mahomies in Bosnia!! I wish he can come here..Mby someday.. And in Sweden to. :)
1st Wed FREE is tomorrow. @ 11a tour Synesthesia w/Barbara Tyner a Santa Fe based Art Historian & Lecturer.
Welcome to the team!
I think they count! But I've never heard of the first one?
I'm always there chef
Must be very good. RT: “: $11 --> Guess how much $: caramel popcorn at fancy Cinepolis movie theater?”
In the studio starting to vibe but then someone pulls up John Mayer
I wish would tweet more.
I Dont Disrespect Females But Some Girls deserve to be called Bitches, Hoes, And Sluts
I haven't yet DONE Brideshead.
Do you have plans for the #Kentucky Derby?! #Triple Crown viewing party on Sat ! Don't forget to dress in ur Derby best!
First bus to miller park. What up? Let's go brewers
almost time for the voice :D
Prom was do much fun, way better than lasts
Prank calling White Castles.
that's sort of spectacularly off. But now I know the word for keychain, at least.
Wishing all my peoples a Shabbat Shalom and a beautiful weekend!!
Just joined Facebook's Groups for Schools.
I Go To Truman , & Vanhorn is uggghh Don't go there & Naim yo brother ?
Thanks for the RT--much appreciated.
Strength #UConn. Now lets focus on the Pathers!
Next week be mindful to West Coast viewers! #SpoilerAlert RT 1st #NBC #SweepsTweet Keep watching every Sun.
Everyone blames society. But we ARE society.
Haha I'm glad you like it! Love you! xo
Big Apple North is already hopping' on Mother's Day
Another bad day. Sigh.
Happy Thursday !
I love you more! :) Even though you were very evil on the phone lol
i m sorry an i do to im gonna stab her 4realzys no kiddin
worked at Ihop... lol can't picture that.
In a relationship But feels like your single.
thursday 29th at milwaukee
She said my skin is so smooth like chocolate syrup. Lol. What is chocolate syrup?
HI GUYS
Welp. Mom cleaned out the attic and brought me 4 giant tubs of Breyer horses. Trying to figure out what I can do with them...
Did you know-Today in 1885: LaMarcus Thompson patented the first roller coaster at New York's Coney Island. He called it a "scenic railway."
We must never have any doubts about our ability even before trying. We should approach every challenge with our very best.()
I will not get sick. I will not get sick. I will not get sick. I will not get sick.
late nights. I dont think about anyone cause I have nobody to think about. I just sit back and either reflect or contemplate bout things.
Over the past 6 weeks, the most common question I have been asked is “Why did you come to Eastern Virginia Medical School?”
Congratulations, Jolie! Didn't even miss a beat! is lucky to have you.
you're right! :)
I love so many guys .... So many girls but the first guy and women i ever said i love you to , was my mom and dad.
I already had mine for today
RT : Congrats to for winning award for excellence in #carsharing for 2011!
This VU pre cal is going to be the death of me next year.. why did i have to pass the accuplacer?...
The rain has passed - join us on the patio for another long, hot summer afternoon!
everyone is beautiful in their own way.
$5.00 burgers Tonight!! Come Watch the Games , Eat Drink & be Merry!!
Mike, what's up? Been told this a lot growing up: Actions speak louder than words. Especially when it comes to Inge.
Looking for something to do this Labor Day weekend in Indy? Check out King Tut at The Children's Museum of Indianapolis!
heyo! Come back soon!
Life celebration martinis with and
We are so glad you enjoyed the DVD set!!
not long at all, just a few years. I want to be a songwriter mainly.
They could sign-and-trade Gerald Wallace and send him back. That would be interesting if they owned their first-rounder
hell yeah! Cheers!
Happy to be home! Watching videos about how to make pasta. :)
May GOD get ALL the Glory! #itsnotaboutme!
ok better xD
bongrips & bomb food
Thank you for the follow back. I really appreciated your thoughtful articles on PETA. I'm glad more people are learning the truth.
Hey. I see you're still frustrated about last night.
Going to #PantherFest tomorrow?!! Nope, didn't go to UWM, but I sure do love Girl Talk :) See you there!
hell yeah! Follow us and I'll DM you some contact info
ferrence got fined for middle finger vs mtl last year
"Our national security also depends on strong diplomacy"
Mt Hood has picked up 10-13 FT of snow this month. So far. WA Cascades have seen as much as 17 FT of March snowfall. Ski time!
After giving up 4 runs in 0.2 innings, Robertson still has a 2.63 ERA this year... Give him a break, it's not easy replacing Mo...
Thanks dude, glad you were there.
#WelcomeToSanDiego Where the smallest drop of rain sends every driver into a complete panic.
Breaking News: A serious crash has closed the intersection of Paul and Scottsville Roads. No word on injuries. We have crew on the way.
yay! Glad to be friends
I dont hate rebecca..but she needs to get away from Austin. Bye.
you guys know of any teacher conferences currently accepting presentation proposals?
you always play great against elite teams We need you there tonight!
I get it. But If she is trying to be nice, why not. I don't see the harm. It's not like u talk everyday. Don't hold on 2 bad
Night loves <3
Just how awesome IS God at football?
Library was glad to be a part of the scavenger hunt-really got people in the door!
Who is holding for crosby this year?
“I've always thought of the T-shirt as the Alpha and Omega of the fashion alphabet” - Giorgio Armani
Not much i miss talking to you >.< lol wbu
RT : Mount Union to punt ... did push the field out a little bit #d3fb this Defense is during Their job let's Go O.
RT - I'm thinking our new neighbors won't appreciate our New England Patriots flag as much as we do.
RT : Sandia Speedway has a new name. Find out on during sports on KRQE News 13 at 5:30!
Thanks for the shout out!
Hey Pittsburgh - get your skin glowing for the Holidays with Dermalogica! Free Gift ($50 value) with your $75 Dermalogica purchase!
We hope everybody has a safe and happy easter!! Just a few more days and "Mercy" will be ready for you all to hear. Stay tuned! Bravo
Should have to you by Monday. We're pulling some final #s today. :)
they had REALLY sweet tea in TN! Time to fly home now.
Rather it have been a Speaking Out piece? Given story, I asked those Qs. Told newsrooms will make own decisions
Loving my life! :)
Studying anatomy as usual!!
When perfection is possible, it allows us to rest and be comfortable, but our walk with Christ will never be perfect.
Just had to kill my FOURTH spider of the day.
so how many fans are you losing due to your endorsement of Santorum? By the way, there is no god. And your new album blows.
can u make my birthday wish come true and follow me?
your child she is too cute and all big now
Goth girl is flossing her teeth in class. Its been 10 mins already. Take it to the bathroom.
I NEED TO WASH MY HANDS
“: Be slightly "cautious" of the deer. Bucks beat the Spurs by 3. #Buckswin” haha come on! Big win
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!!!!!
Glad you like!
do the Wop and the Wobble(:
Let go and let God 
RT : #RIP to Donna Summer!! because i cant believe this!
Try "Girl from the wrong side of the tracks" angle. Poor girl loves rich boy, Mayors a Bible thump'er, shes a sinner
I'm not a big orange soda fan but he liked it! But god that grilled cheese was amazing!
#RIP MCA of the #BeastieBoys. Not just hip-hop, but all music will not be the same
Listening to a great #HIMSS talk about #mHealth by
understatement of the year! lol.
It's kind of annoying when you, as the customer, correct the customer service agent at the insurance company.
Good morning to all!
Hahaha I MISS YOU TOO!!! Me, you, and jamie!! This week mk?! aah and HE DOES!! Its redick!!
i adore Nelson. He's amazing. :)
good luck! Hopefully they will give you good customer service!
is as kind as she is beautiful. She should consider a career in television.
fuckkkkkk i just cut my finger on sum..like wtf
I remeber reading that it was very interestin...~:-|
sure. How are you?
Happy 7th Birthday #DFW! A true community jewel! Celebrate! Celebrate! Dance to the music!
He is the problem!
Why does coffee taste so much better when someone else gets it for you?
ditto!! Xo
The stat that caught my eye: coal’s share of total power generation dropped below 40% for the first time since March 1978.
HUGE stop there!!!!
So. Tired. Need. Sleep.
Is this in response to something? I don't get it.
not a dream crusher, just a realist. Much more realistic.
More troops to Afghanistan,balking over the Columbus city budget, and new allegations against Tiger Woods...all starting at 5am. Join us!!
The only thing that's holding me back from graduating and moving out of this apt is 3 more pages of this paper!!!!!! :D
hope you're surprised when it isn't me that walks off the train
Go bulls need OKC to lose!
Everything is changing way too damn fast
U are special,and no person like me can or will ever hold u back from truly being happy with that special guy. You have the "it"
Thanks for the RT! It's a pretty stark piece - Valentine wrote the "Phoenix Program" - see also, the 1st Lethal Weapon movie.
Lol if it did we all be rich
Connie Dopierala is revealing her secrets for hiding graphic novels in prayer books.
meting out some friendly reference at ucla and some harsh restaurant reviews on yelp.
Me Too!! Congrats! XO RT : So #excited about the next #issue of #LA #HOT #Magazine! "OMG I'm going to faint!" ~
Live in a few minutes. Stop by the chat-room and tell me your requests.
Thanks for reading. Tree of Life is probably not for everyone, and that's okay. Wasn't Drive a butt kicker? Love t.
Your twitter name is slutty, your tweets are slutty & your avi is slutty. I'm going to treat you like a slut whether you like it or not.
#usbank loss draft department continues to provide the absolute WORST customer service I have ever experienced in my life.
thanks! It was a great question :-)
"Night and Day" is Cole Porter most popular contribution to the Great American #Songbook and has been recorded by... fb.me/1AW6BTCW9
haha shut it! ill get Jenny on you!
I'ma Keep You Lifted Up In Prayer Homie. Stay Strong Man.
Would you ever date a fan???(:
You are amazing. Must take you on tour some time!
Great to have connected with you at the conf -- I'll miss discussing devops & Gene's talk with you. Safe travels.
Oooohhhhhhh haha a million yrs later...you are right.
Mike! Wanted to say thanks again for the Clips-Hornets tix the other night. Glad to hang afterward, too.
Watching the vampires assistant is so hot in this movie!!! Lol!
There's always someone up, even when you think no one isn't lol
Love it when the top ten workout songs are released and you realize you already had them all!
I already miss you.! </3 I'm actually surprised you responded...lol
you're great. Xo!
Do you think #responsive #interactive #design is a trend or the real deal?
Back in Chicago after an amazing week in NYC... no other place on earth like that city!
I turned it down.Lol I can't juggle all these works.I'm already all over the place.My avi is just a good camera&camera man
Is there any night you can take Simon?
I'm pretty easy to get along with.
Thank You!!
what are you doing up so late girl:) Ranger win got you all amped still??
Hello Liam! <3 <3 my mom is letting me go to one of 1D's concert in Florida!!! I'm really excited I love you guys!! <3
It's straight outta academia really. Every(?) conceptual model is remix, but semantics may be only differences.
I'm going to hate Mondays!! 4 classes tomorrow :(
has anyone seen my invisible purple dragon???
Thanks for the input. The intern who was responsible for setting up the initial design scheme was FIRED.
I bought it my freshman year, 2000
this movie cannot come out fast enough!!
New Mexico welcomes the rain!
Careful, Chris. Remember when the GOP made fun of Obama for sharing smart, practical fuel economy tips like that one? :)
i gave danger radio its own tweet! lol
Your a good person do not let grandpa make you feel less besides you have richard who cares
The only lasting beauty is the beauty of the heart. ~ RUMI
lol yea I think Imma grab em this weekend they still got got alot of sizes in castleton.Imma take the L on the South Beach lol
Thank you and happy holidays!!!
Yes of course! (:
blehhh i do nothing.
Super! (We are only based in NYC, hosts and guests come from all over. We'd love to have you on! I'm looking for you on Google+
Good morning doe !
Robust search of training catalogs in Plateau6.4 - very helpful for users to target the training they need.
this weekend was so perfectly relaxing and a blast all in one. just what i needed
Haha. I miss you to Justin.. i miss mavelyn more tho :)
you'll never feel as free as you do now.
I miss her. I miss makin you smile. I miss bein your hero. You were my girl. You were my everything..
HS diploma makes you 38% more $ than non grads and those with some college make 54% more $ than non grads..
Personally, I would sooner have written Alice in Wonderland than the whole Encyclopedia Britannica
Aw thanks for following me again. Stay safe! <3
girls night out tonight! can't wait!
Love the hop profile of Deviant Dales. The 16 ounce can is pretty sweet, too.
Fantastic baby
lol okay I for sure will 😜😏 but I don't have a car yet..
Track meet in the mooring I am going to be tired
dude, his works are amazing!
RT : Random tweet...if u could be the greatest dancer ever or the greatest singer ever which one would u be?= i would be a ...
I hate fake ass ppl on twitter stamp
I hope there will be chocolate creme oreos to eat in heaven! :)
"rawr" does not mean "I love you" in dinosaur. Have you watched Jurassic park? "it means im going to friggin eat you"
Heavy duty leaf sweep-up in Bolton Hill begins today.
Stop tutting your own horn..
Des Moines friends, just got the best news ever La Hacienda on Ingersoll is back open! (cc: )
got mine :D
Finna call it a nite style gotta b back at it n the am 7 to b exact...be safe
While the # of games in which AL teams scored 10+ runs is comparable to 2010, the # in the NL is 33% lower.
Are you attending our next event on 4/12 w/ AD Larry Williams? Check your email for more info!
that's not the idea. we want you with us...all to ourself. ;-)) miso soup and all!
I was gnna txt u about this but I thought u would judge me for my dorky-ness lol.
I do my little turn on the #Catwalk ": Are u too sexy for your cat?"
Maybe I'm the only person, but I don't get the appeal for #NewGirl. I just don't think its funny.
When a house is staged it is no longer a place to live, but instead becomes a product to market to your target audience.
Booked another short film!! Four auditions and an improv show tomorrow. It's a good week :)
them slow half court playing games are whack. Lol looking like the 98' Utah jazz out there
are happy bubbles available on a coffee mug?
#TruthIs... im afraid of loosing you(:
Finally feeling a bit better today after 2 weeks of staying sick at home. Hopefully on Tuesday, I'll be able to go to work. :)
Honor Louisa May Alcott's birthday today. "Jo March" was the first American juvenile heroine to act from her own individuality
Have you seen those people all around downtown? What's going on?
Back to the dark side. And wasting time.
Peggy's boyfriend = original hipster
Good luck on that visit to your surgeon - hopefully you'll be outta that cast soon! BTW - digging the profile pic!!!
How much would you bet me, if u was the bettin type, that #UK don't lose more than 3 gms and marches thru march to #8??
congrats on Revision3 acquisition. hopefully a great investment.
Bored to hhheeeellll
I been in these streets like its a class mane
that's the best!
spicy like all of your chicken
me too
It's a band called empires. check em out.
Thanks to US Sen. Michael Bennet's office & Hal Bidlack Veteran/Military/Constituent Advocate for attending our press conference!
does anything really prepare you for a date with destiny,)
I miss my workers! :( Other two sleeping, deployment code going well. Sites will launch tomorrow.
Check out our #diningbydesign buzz...www.domooredesigns.com/press.aspx
I'm so afraid of loving you 'cause the next step is losing you, and my heart couldn't do that
RT : 2012 #HHAwards for Outstanding Non-Resident Production goes to 's wonderful staging of Edward Albee's...
why would I tell u a song a song name or a whole song?
can't access the station via flycast for droid per Web site. Any other options?
I try. I fail. I try again. I fail better.
Summer intern selected. Energizing to speak to up and coming idea makers. Library Sci students are a talented and diverse crew!
don't worry. It may not look this way right now, but the recall election is such a small part of what we started in 2011.
Music makes me high!
Watched shows on Bermuda triangle, area 51 and now free masons.... So many secrets
Good morning! I wish I could take a nap!
THank you so much, feeling better than yesterday for sure.
what about the Beta Summit at InnoTech? "Do you know any events I should list in the #Austin for next week?"
Shouts to Kinetik Entertainment's secret weapon!
I'm finna follow u .....like realtalk I miss seeing u india
I get so happy when I see my daughter
Haha I love tweets. He's the cat's meow.
Happy Mother 's Day Mom! Like she's really gonna see this tweet.
Oh, I'm not looking for it! Normally I'm trying to get away from it!
Gym. Even if it's just 40 minutes... No flaking.
#happybirthdayjboogz this is doing a lot your luck I love you
Just got back from Vegas. Then off to New York at midnight!
hey Alexis. It's coming along great. Now I just can't borrow $ from the shahs family
Times like these make me doubt that their wealth will trickle down to their neighbors. ;-)
Funny how after 7 tourney games, my 6 year old is tied for 5th in our bracket group....by picking Mascots! Amazing! Patrick/SL
Using video in your salon marketing strategy? Entice users to click play by using rich, sharp colors!
If holding your phone makes you unable to perform a driving maneuver then put it down. Its a simple request.
Yay at #DMV. Ready to waste my day away
Commercial Leasing Broker's Association happy hour tonight at Abel's on the lake - come talk deals!
#theMomentWhen you realize that your Childhood Best friend an you don't have anything in common anymore :/
now on the search bar type the name of songs u want to play...and click on search bar and add those songs..:)
Just found out that my run today took me through an active crime scene. I must have been in some kind of zone...
The fact that Spencer was very little read was for some time a source ofsurprise to Martin
I am!
It hurts to breathe! Good thing we open Friday
better take a good picture for me tomorrow.
How are you supposed to study with the 2012 NBA Playoffs starting today?
Some men just want to watch the world burn. If hydrogen atoms were men, this would be even more true.
Play Lauryn Hill at ANY TIME. that's what I turn up to
in Amsterdam to they acknowledge 4/20 day? Hi xo
I've tried. Guess it's time to end it. Sucks since we've been friends for so long & he's always been there.
Here we go again with this bs....(its piss lena off day again).....smh
