starting slowly...a beer at the hotel bar.
Quicksand by Everly #MyFavoriteSongsEver #Sorry to those who hear me sing it 100+ times a day =)
#TheMorningJones LOL, that show was like a family man! I miss hearing the callers
Can't wait for tomorrow night
lose my number
if you end up sending me a picture of your ass I won't be mad.
Ha. There's an age multiple you need to factor in. ;)
Did our Government really help ethnic cleansing in Libya? Where is the truth and who is the Great Harlot?
Reverse tea bag.
mac miller. he has the coolest voice ever. and i would like him so much more if all of his songs werent about smoking wed.
Who dost thou miss??
will do.
Definitely deserves a break, though he said he'll still be overseeing NBAC.
in DC to talk about high performance computing tomorrow at
thanks for all the RTs! Always glad to find another invention fan!
Hope all the mothers enjoy they day an all the moms for at least Tryna be a mother
because you won fight... you're justt so popular and respected now... LOL...no. just no.
I do but it's a haul from Vegas, gotta wait till June for Disney World!!! Can't wait.
Wish we could! We need to make it up your way.
Adventure 2day: Lost our car key in SLU. Took cab home w/ 4 spare key. Left & Can't find spare key.
Is anyone on this site anymore? O:
Further, I wouldn't want to GRANT a PhD in a foreign language/literature to someone whose grasp were not excellent.
o yes i can
Step Ahead encourages you to stop by and inspect our limousines. We are confident that your expectations will be exceeded.
Do educated people use phrases like "word packets"?
your first mistake!!
And the HOT & long workouts continue to keep up this look ;)
btw, have I mentioned before how much I like your profile pic? :)
i wanna go back to skool to see all my friends not really the llearning
which ones aren't good?
why would you recommend him. Ugh
I always wonder if I'm going to run into people from my past in airports. I always have my eye out for people I know.
someone stole your phone and typed this right? you have 10 minutes to say this is a joke...then i'm unfollowing.
tank tops in the winter make more sense than heels at
First period soccer <<
where is it at?
It's #FollowFriday! So follow me! I'll return the favor!! RT for a shoutout!!
If Crawford doesn't allow those two soft OT goals, this is a totally different series. Well, with Hossa it's a different series
On a Sat. night, I can't stop Googling photos of white painted floors. We did this to our stairs; it looks so cottage-y & cute. I want MORE!
you're in highschool but you're still petty as hell. I'm goin on a rampage in AE right now... lol
San Francisco, bro.
Last night's migraine is gone, so I'm great!!! How are you, dear girl? What's new??
Come check out the official website at aaronmilbourn.com
I never get bully..:DD
Well Twitter is quite spam-filled today. Third bad link I've gotten today.
If Court upholds SB 1070 it will encourage & legitimize other states' attempts to pass anti-immigrant bills. (We must unite and say NO!)
Not looking forward to full blown rush hour on my 40 mile trip. Always a treat.
lmaooo u crazy
I was ready to go.
You have a girlfriend, act like it
Call picking this year's /HACER scholarship winners. so many amazing Latino students!
#ListOfTurnOns YOUR FACE
#itsabeautifulworldbecause I can finally use -- Can't wait to try the conferencing feature later!
Dear John Kyl, you just lied on the senate floor. Planned Parenthood does so much more than abortions.
Urban. Hip. Alive. One Night Only.
The most effective way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once.
Thanks for the connections this week!
Hanging out with the fellas having a good time.
Launching partnership with accounting firm for online entrepreneurial classes. Culmination of two yrs talks. Now, the real work.
Teacher: "Back in the days, we didn't have internet.” Me: "Well that's just too bad for you."
Let's go heat.
Dam..S/O to the party animals!!!
I love all of them. They're hard to choose.
at least you don't have to pick up my turds
And that Hacker article is one of the many reasons you should donate to We need magazines that publish articles like that
What's keeping you up at such bizarre hours?
My kid is on her first job interview.
VIVA ZAPATA! screens this Thursday as part of the Archive’s “¡Viva La Revolución!” series. Admission is FREE!
you should come to my house & have a bonfire! We have a bonfire pit and we live in the woods haha it's epic
I'll leverage the filing as opportunity to make sure there's an internal ticket of the same instead of just a general thought.
...I say I dressed presentable but subdued. The concert wasn't about me, but about the music. Who cares what I wear if the music is good?
:) RT : Come to hemmingways to celebrate 's birthday tonight!!!!! : ) <3
Got to hear,glados, sing live.
Romo for Luck? Na let's just sign Peyton Manning!
Looks like perfection :) Talk soon?
Armoires Hutches Store Online: 72 Inch Hutch - Bush Office ...
looks like were starting a Bluegrass Buzz! BBN doesn not know what is instore come May 27th!
Steele Magnolias. RE: Movies that always make me cry.
Yes, so sick of this dreary rain. The grass just keeps growing and there hasn't been a chance to mow it! Oh well... maybe nxt week
When your rooms all clean before you go to bed>>>
I really liked Colton's performance tonight.
My hair is going bye-bye next week. It's been a good run, don't you think?
The number one killer of a life is insecurity
If Tebow defeats Denver in the playoffs as a starting QB, does that mean more to him than a SuperBowl?
Hi please follow me!<3
Yup go hard or go home
I love heading to the cabin and catching up on DVR'd shows. Thank you for endless hours of entertainment!
glitter everywhere. sorry guys, my bad
Just talking to someone about and the amazing 05 Rose Bowl. One of the best college sports victories ever.
lmao but she can call somebody thirsty but she was being thirsty to tweet you and say that you was thirsty haha
Wow.....that's an impossible decision. Pray about it. Get a 2nd opinion. Such a huge decision, I have no idea what I'd do :(
alaska(: you??
Kevin Rogers quotes:... “Last year, I think it was the icing on the cake just to get to NTN. This year the expectations are higher.”
Best morning I've had in a while...
Hi MIchelle! Nice to see you on Twitter!
What da heck you thinkin? My pop aint cold no mo'. It was in a damn fire.
Stick a fork in me.
30 min lovely cross field from Jackson for Gleghorne who just fails to bring down.
Try: "Every day should be Mother's Day!"
a lot less purple for sure. :)
TEXAS in ONE week
JEALOUSY can turn a beautiful person UGLY in seconds! Be proud of who u are, grateful for what u have, privileged to do what u do! Love All
#TRUTH ...Following Jesus is not about doing its about being!
I don't miss you, I miss the person I thought you were.
I would like to know what his type of girl is?
I don't teach like dat I have a crew
On vacation in Port Aransas, TX I caught an Atlantic croaker, two ladyfish and one stingray. Floating the San Marcos River Saturday...
Everyone's family at Molina's! RT“: Not that famous but looking forward to lunch at the new location today!”
Yes - that's what I've got down! See you then :)
how humans did you bring out?
Some people Live for #drama I #Live for the
Talked #offcameraflash with a person in the know. Nice.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 26
Anyone reading this is welcome to crash my blanket at tonight's concert at Will have some wine.
what kind of flash are you using for your garage shots?
new Sherlock Holmes won't be good. But it'll at least be fun?
What Eli did in the 4th quarter this whole yr & in the clutch in every single game makes him a HOF #instantly I feel!
it is cute!
yea what's 2 x 2?
Not Evan Kiddin Will U Go Out Wit Me
These girls man
e-mail me an address, sunshine.
who are you? And no.
I'm with you...I feel like most Pixies songs give that vibe. Feel the same way about "Hey". Get chills every time.
looking for stuff to do around boston? check for all the latest and greatest happenings!
yo that was dope thanks for coming out
RT : Consciousness sustains physical order or the lack of it. The choice is yours.
RT : RT : RT : Everything stays between me and you.
I think I'm a little intoxicated. Really, on a Tuesday? I know, I know, but as my good friend says,
I want , & lips tatted on my wrist this.summer.
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic recorded at Curb Studios in Nashville, TN!
thank gawd we happen to bring the swagger to swag. I'll bring Sloane some during my office visit!
are you talking about who I think you are
my momma b on sum trash
Subscribed ~much success !
yep I would lol
Keeping quiet makes people worried and right now, I don't know what to do.
Art,music,especially photography, not supposed to be soft,pretty or lull you to sleep Should be poignant,pique imagination,garner attention
Show your hair some love!!!
What a great idea!
The next few days are going to suck. Not lookin forward to it
hmm... Well sorry that happened. No wonder you never responded to me before lol! It's ok though.
my boyfriend gives me butterflies everytime he looks at me <3
shhhhhh, I am trying to change the world over here
Emmys tonight. Yahoo! Should be a good one.
Our am keynote for #atsummit is Anita Hairston from Active Trans is the thread that moves us all.
Pray for our little Sister Mrs Beasley. Mom & Dad had to take her back to the vet because she got sicker :-( Please get well soon Baby Sis!!
Sorry about your Bruins buddy! Hope the Patriots can cheer ya up w/ their draft picks today : )
I hate mornings
out of the 10 months we've been together, this afternoon was definitely the most interesting!!! (:
Yes I did! I just got the offer today! It is here in town and I am so excited! How is the San Diego life?
#retweet if your twitter name has #swag (soulja boys voice)
we buy as cheap as possible..but its an awesome way of seeing america and hangin w/locals... we made sweat shirts w/patches
If youve got 1 smile, give it to the people you love. Don't be surly at home, then go n start grinning 'Good morning' at total strangers.
Appreciate comments. I liked songo'o's energy in 1st half, but he faded. Kalif tried to alter match, so gave him an upgrade.
Joey Joey Joey.... Damn I love that dog.
Woke up. Grah.
Gasol just got a double double on that one play
NYC holding on....avoid the embarrassment of a shut out...prolonging the inevitable.
enjoying this quick rain..cools the earth!
yes when I get back to Nick & Ambers!
It turns out is a jerk.
area rugs animal skin
Worst song ever. RT : i thought about tweeting the lyrics to "it's christmas eve in washington," but lost interest.
Not sure how rare, but definitely rare than it should be. Objects speak history.
My apartment doesn't have a water view, but I do get endless entertainment from watching folks succeed/fail at difficult parallel parking
Just met cody!
If he texts you 1st, he's thinking about you.
#IfItWasntForTwitter I wouldn't have a life
Had another stupid conversation with a Jack Ball,.
Disappointed in the Colts administration. Peyton made the Colts.
I'm still getting 401-undefined error when trying to post to Friendfeed
Meet a Canadian and my first impulse? Talk about Celine Dion.
The Bengals have wasted both their challenges on plays that don't matter. Could be another year we see them kicked out in the first round
Ya alright Paige.
humor video
When are they going to have Steve Carell back on The Office, as suprise guest?
Failing is not the problem. Not getting back up is...
Oh, I'm gonna definitely let field this one then.
I was up at Kohler last weekend. Played Blackwolf and stayed at the American Club. #Expensive but
Tonight's #AnchorAudition features a guy who says "standby" a lot. Watch for him at 10 on News!
Of the 2.3 million inmates in custody, 2.1 million were men and 208,300 were women
shut up
Depends on context. For research/instruction/reference I use patron, but for online/tech/usability stuff I say user.
RT : "Shoot for the moon. If you miss, you'll float through the cold vast deepness of space for millennia." --Myerman
Juss because I like sweatpants and basketball shorts doesn't make me a dike, a bitch can't be comfortable
good for you!
This long sleeve is not long enough....
great ! And yeah it was very fun but my feet hurt from my heels! );
Why am i watching golf? O.o
This Is What I'm Listening To At This Exact Moment..
Tim Burton movies 😍😍😍
Hi I want to verify one of your tweets. Can you give me a way to reach you.I emailed you.
My dad (lives in LA): "Most people I talk to around here have written the Lakers off." Go Lakers fans!!!
very nice how much?
New ACID HOUSE KINGS 'music Sounds Better With You' in hand cart. Check. CD not vinyl. Allergies.
At this point, if Tom Barrett were a murder suspect, you'd have to hear about from the people at
best to connect first to set something up.
Shopping for the photo shoot... Always fun!!!
I thew away almost al my clothes. My mother has no choice but to buy my new ones >;D
That Bird shitting on me sure was Good Luck! Sold 2 pink elly shirts today! #GodIsGoodAllTheTime!
Thank you for alerting us. We've already sent it off to our data team to investigate.
I made a lot of memoirs here in Vegas..
i regret a lot of things up to this day
Why thank you Miss Marcy!
What's your address, G? Gonna send out a couple of advance copies to friends today of the new rekkid.
Doing soccer chants for our tennis teams in the Big East finals? Don't mind if we do!
It was great seeing you all at Yappy Hour! Sinatra looks awesome in the Camo!
What a morning...Cal Ripken Jr.'s in-studio!!!
ryan hollins is awful
NO I told you only once & am I?
Welcome, RT : By the way, FSU's website now refers to the school as THE Florida State University
i normally use prezi, yesterday was my first powerpoint in about 4 years. much prefer prezi.
Just found out that produced Rob Base & Dj E-Z Rock "It takes Two"
Finally got my own camera, cant wait to try it out!
you all are so good to the fans <3 love you
Come down next Fall! Research and beers!
that looks amazing!! I picked a bad day to be sick :( ^ag
Congrats to our #eChalkTCEA Prize Pack winners, and Kristy K! Thanks for participating!
did we mention we're building a book arts/letterpress studio also? (our visionary Lyn went to art school back in the day)
I miss you, too!!! We need to talk soon.
Mary Jane ILY Mary Jane LBS
only I ain't painting a house..pottery :)
beginning the exciting pursuit of summer internships!! Drop me a line if you know of something fabulous!
definitely u 2... My bad....I'll stand I'm the corner for 15 minutes! !!!
Request our new single 'Messenger' on your favorite radio station. If they don't have it by now, they should right? :-p
Happy Doctor Day!!
You can still get tickets to the Imagine event tomorrow - Cleveland's Crusade to Cure MS www.IMAGINECLEVELAND.com
The adrenaline rush and little panic attack you have when you think you left your wallet or phone somewhere.
Do you know why I hate Stephen King? Because I don't accept 'Just because.' 'Just because' fucking pisses me off. Why is that shit hainted?!
uhm - yay ferru but oh dear delpo. :( don't like when favs play each other... Can't we all just go out beers? Yes - am BAD competitor.
$545/day! Let me know if you have any other questions!
I'd say a strong call-to-action is the best way. Most QR codes get ignored, but if your CTA is strong, it can peak interest.
thanks Erin! Party hard!
Band meeting tonight!!!!
Looking for a quiet place to lift? Look no further than ! We are located right inside
How many MORE ways will Taco Bell reinvent the taco?
This is really sad. I think I'll go home and watch "Lucas" tonight.
I'm not violent, but when a Dairy Queen cashier hands me my food without a "Thank you," I innately stab her in the eye w/ an ice cream cone.
lmao!!yea just think, Ray and I were already waiting for like a good year before that.
#RulesInARelationship U cant do what they cant do
Have a great Monday everyone!
Hello,
i love that song and her
Yes, that was my first thought also. Ha! Have a great weekend, this weather is schweet!
Cute is partial, but truth is forever
Every time I look the Padres are committing errors & its Venable & Bartlett over and over. 5 Errors in 12 starts for Venable! Sad.
Man I'm still up..wit no intentions on goin to sleep.
RT : The longer you wait to begin living, the less living you have to live. Bille Baty.
It's lookin like a crazy busy Saturday... Get your reservation in now !!
New crush...John Luke Robertson
his purple badness always on point
Maestro rec. great props from a client who needed interactive elearning KIOSKS for surgeons, Sony touch screen technology. building 3 more!
Tacoo bell yum :)
Finally home I been gone all day so tired 😔💤
Drive and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo both should have gotten Musical Score nominations.
Where else would God's Love Be than right here, now? -Michael Jeffreys
To All who donate a tweet & those who voted 4 won $1k to help #StopChildAbuse & help the kids! Thank you!
I will take today to fill my head with new ideas.
Where is my sombrero?!?!?
The Xmas tree was 8 ft when the tree guy put it in the car.When I got it home, it became 14 feet tall & 200 pounds. My back still hurts.
Thank you to the families from Littleton Academy, Cherry Creek Academy, High Point, & Littleton Prep. It's not too early for fall shopping
Portfolio review with Holly Ferris at #jday2012 was a tremendous help.
Wish I could do it all over..
trying to fax shit is a horrible pain in the ass. so irritated
You played well brother! Keep your head up, you'll be fine! harsher action for hecklers!
Baby arrived 12/09 still on maternity leave. Anticipating full recovery to get back on the scene.
you're no fun.
Well, we're serving them everyday, so we'll have one waiting and ready for you.
#spelling police
Yeah im going to be late to work and its raining....
I just watched A Walk to Remember for the first time 😭
RT : "Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterward." -Vernon Law
what the hell. Now I know who he was talkin about. So u in NY. U should've hit me up. I would've stopped by.
I'm dis-abled now. Cant go to school. Cant go really anywhere. Pain everywhere. Just. Watch. For. Ticks. Protect yourself
Stressin'. Mostly over things that will all work out just fine.
Anyone think that Diana Ross is wearing Krusty the Clown's hair? Lifetime Achievement award overshadowed by crap hair & wardrobe.
“: Overheard today at #astd2012 : "The higher the presenter's degree, the worse PowerPoint is." (I noticed that too.)” ha ha
Had to wrap Bella's boo boo and now she's scared to move lol
So psyched for launch of Slant of Light by , which joins The Samaritan by & Dancing with Gravity by
cause I'm BAD.
I'm getting hit on by a boy that's younger than my sister...who isn't even 16 yet...somebody get this child!
RT : Q6: By doing exactly what we are doing now. Esply great to include and hear from those who live w/ a
Well well well good morning twits, hope everyone has a great day. I'm hoppin in the shower. Starting my day.
Gym today with murph..session after holla
its a new day time to get to work
Thanks for sharing with us at YPO. Hope you enjoyed being back in the south.
BRIEFLY: April 21
I rather die young then live my life without
We're streaming live. #digidoy DMIS
try to play through it. Still fighting mine after three weeks. Let us know how you conquer yours.
hi doll hope you got my message today...wish I was feeling ok to go shopping:)
SO much going on...
yea u go ahead n try LOL NF STAND 4 NOW FOLLOWING YO BIG HEAD ASS LMAO
What?! Go!! Austin will be there!..oh wait..Are you gonna go to support?!;)
4 more days till mini vacation!! WHAT NOW?!? hhahaha
Best "social" customer experience was when was absent to help. Now I fly Alaska Air! They get it.
4949 N Ranch Dr and 95! At Santa Fe station!
Might as well have just fucking stayed home.
for sure
and by that you mean breakfast tortas!
that's exactly right im jealous. CAN'T WAIT TO SEE MY BOYFRIEND 💋 May 11th ❤
What about the end of world? :D
All the best filming Banshee in Charlotte... much success to the production!
So, riddle me this: Is my ongoing aversion to Chevy Chase on this show going to keep me from loving it? Seen up through s2e2
Right now, I'm somewhere I don't wanna be. But I can guarantee, I will NEVER be here again. No matter what!
cries myungsoo smiling looks like it hurts his face so much omg ;\.
<= has talent, great voice, &no im not a groupie. Just a lover of music. *waving* nite
well if you want delegitimize them then go ahead and black bloc their events...
dale social media guy. Nice pic!
If you want to get stronger without getting bigger, then you should lift heavy weights with low repetitions. All while eating a decent diet.
RT : Congratulations to the late Manning Marable for winning the Pulitzer Prize for non-fiction!
Call us soon for a MOVE-IN or MOVE-OUT clean!!! People are already scheduling for August! 412-475-8193 www.pghgreenclean.com
I'm scared for the both of us. Im terrified of what lies ahead. I used to be so secure. Now I'm not sure.
Spent the day in Chinatown and little Italy today with
Just walked by the hotel where Sid Vicious stabbed Nancy.
let's plan a catch up!
I am SO glad to be back online w/ my laptop!
Rochester office is ready too! RT So, who is ready for Spring weather again?
The gm.coming out to see Kane vs. Big Show
Can't count on anything in life...that's the beauty of it!
Thanks for following and
#survivor finale. Lets go Sabrina or Chelsea!
Internet Dating Katt Williams
As soon as I get done with homework, I'll enjoy The Perks of Being a Wallflower by Stephen Chbosky.
Aw...thanks! Not as cute at the kiddos on your blog though! :)
morning folks
sounds like being back on the day job grind is delightful? :)
that's hilarious!
Happy pi day! In honor of everyone's favorite circular food, buy a lg pie today you'll get a 2nd lg 2-topping for $3.14! coupon code 3.14
One final down, a paper and 1 final to go..
I am checking in to the issue now. Thanks.
Well, she isn't camera shy. And neither are her breasts.
Here we go again. :l
Just got my DIsh network cable box and satellite, and I must say their remote and system interface suck!
Besides me..... #Who UP
Not having sent your mom dukes a mothers day card knowing she aint gon get it by sunday
5 minutes into Colombiana and I can already tell I'm gonna like this movie.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 28
Yeah, I think you're right...
everyone go and follow right now!! lol jk but seriously follow her!! :)
Are you ready for Of Dolls & Murder, Chicago? Because we are ready for you.
Wow!!! I was offered a distribution deal by a major today but they must've thought they was talkin to a rookie lol. Nope not enough $$$$$!!!
Oh yeah the dollar spot at Target! Haha
thanks for the #FF! :)
get boned broseph. hate that :[
If you sneak out meow, nobody will notice. Don't forget the sunscreen
consider yourself followed! =)
"...people with migraines tend to have higher suicide rates..." And here I've just been worrying about having a higher chance of stroke.
Speaker Fabiola started GFront, a girls empowerment association that trains in computers and civic engagement in Cameroon
lololol I'm so dumb! Didn't even think of that!
yes please, how about 140NYC next month?
Does anybody remember me?
God bless all of you. God is amazing!
COCKY BOIIIII I MISS U BROTHER
Does anyone happen to have photos from the 2008 coworking meetup at the Hotel San Jose? (cc )
So what interesting and inexpensive things can my kids and I get into during the day? You know I'm home schooling.
Thank you for following!
Wayne old music is way better than his new music
Greetings, new followers. I've noticed a bunch of new folks popping up this morning. Where did you hear about the site?
Ah crap. We didn't make the window. Both directions of I-90 will close at 8:30 pm for avalanche control work via
There's a guy at the bodega near my house who always makes the worst sandwiches. Apparently BLT = bacon, cheese, and mayo.
Yeahh, with me
Baltasar Gracian~ Even knowledge has to be in the fashion and where it is not it is wise to affect ignorance.
Did you know the first automatic lawn sprinkler was created in 1897?
Bye Bye American Pie….
GM Tweet-pops! Thumpin Thursday on board. Thump your way to success. Happiness is right around the corner. Be great ~ share love.
Stoked to finally play with our boys in Visions again this weekend!
Left us too soon, steve jobs..without you this kind of creative control would still only be imagined
Be sure to add, co host of Stand Up and Laugh, Jay Cuellar and check out some hilarious clips and pics
Love! RT : Thanks to EVERYONE that took time to come out tonight to ! We all brought in over $800 for
I think I'm going to sleep now......... I was just talking to my friend on the phone, so yeah.
Madison residents heading to the Capitol to clean bathrooms and stairs, including dust collected in cracks!
There is an #asistradition event on Facebook, crazy.
The unbridgeable gulf between "puppyface" and "dogface" as epithets for loved ones
#NSMN give thanks to all of our #sportsbiz #donors who help us in the fight against #cancer!
Zach and I are going to go to bdubs for the next big fight. Whoever else is down to go around that time is welcome!
today we are finalizing some fantastic OFFICE availability template features/options.
Hazelnut coffee time-have a blessed day!
Tango Your Taxes Off was great thanks to Mercurio, , Hill Arts Workshop. More low priced & free events to come.
Hard to say...but the Niners QB can throw. Just sayin'.
PMD: No big surprise - resin guru Len Czuba says implantable devices, micro/miniatures & home healthcare R drivers in medical materials.
Hashtags can be dangerous. #lockedupabroad could actually be referencing a woman someone locked up, instead of the Nat Geo show.
I can't stand sorority girls.
sorry, didn't realize you were the stinky bus man.
thanks for the follow
Anything goes on twitter!!
? That's horrible
RT : Just read a funny: "PILOTS: Looking down on people since 1903." HAHAHAH!! (Did I mention I'm divorcing a pilot?) [*chuckle*]
So pumped
sounds like a good plan! happy holidays :)
very cool!
You know what would be awesome? If Subway delivered. I'm just saying.
RT I spent 1 hour doing exercise bike . 247 calories burned.
are you guys releasing any other songs before the new cd in July? :)
yay!! “: Official Disney passholder :) it's been like 12 years since I was able to say that..weird”
RT : Why give second chances when others are waiting on their first.
My friend is on fire lately. That is all.
Yes But Now You Dont..:3
happy birfday loser
It's too hot to function today.
saw a child holding a sign saying GOD hates dead soldiers, well we hate your ignorant parents that need to go play in traffic
She's beautiful!!
Trivia set for everyday of the week
I'm off to play volleyball..I love it!
I'm watching to see if the guy I want gets picked! Otherwise I havent paid attention since day 1.
Participant at conference: Nancy Roberts, a professor from University of
break a leg! Sorry I can't be there :( I know you will be wonderful!
Going to see The Vow tonight!!! YAY!
Glad to see you're a Canon photographer!
Is it just me or doesn't remind you of the old deacon at your church?<---DEACON CAIN HAHAHAHAHAHHA
Hope your cat enjoys & appreciates the effort.
Me too, sorry!
or whether or not they can get hired at Cinnabon.
They need to hurry n open I'm hungry!!!!
great article
watched that this morning, so good.
Opinions are like Airports, there's a ton of FLYING ASSHOLES...
keep talkin like that and youll get dropped in tha streets.
Ok if you think so
delish! RT : thxgvng croissant: stuffing-flavored croissant dough with dark turk meat, gravy and cran sauce baked.
Wow Denver...Yall really came to play tonight.I guess there is always next year...
They were itty bitty flakes though... Man... I WANT REAL SNOW.
lol I wish my insurance would cover random acts of Chuck.
Wow. Randy. No. No no no.
Great show scheduled tonight Talent from NY hosting! Showtime 10pm, get there early! lol
Mandy Noelle Isordia The album is going well darling thanks for asking be done soon enough
no more field hockey, sleepovers every weekend during the season, mcdonalds OMG WHAT IS HAPPENING
You're welcome
You always got me guuuuuuurl.
No problem! I'll throw some extra cheers the #cheerpuck way!
I don't want EXAM
waiting for my plane to CHI now. Enjoy and good to see you!
Check out TV One's "Unsung" 2nite at 10 P ET - my dear friends Full Force" R featured. I assure you, they're entertaining - specially Lou!
hahaha i know right!!! what happened???
love my sis!!!
High Trophic Level Fish Detected in Aquaculture Feed
Come on. Don't be like that. Maybe next week I'll come in and be friends before I go to the Nats/Pirates game to see
good morning!
Hey do me a quick favor and like my band crushing juliet page www.facebook.com/crushingjuliet
HATE me. LEAVE me. BREAK me. DO any thing but please DON'T... FORGET ME !!
After all of that cooking and family over the weekend, betcha you could use a massage this week huh? :)
Selling premium beer for $2 in order to get people into your bar is not a good decision.Do the math.You need 2 sell 2x as much to break even
Awesome partners in crime
Belated Christmas presents today. Score!
GOD is good!
I CAN'T WAIT!!!
i haven't been on here for a while.
Np dope boys
I hate happy people. Fuck happy people.
We ASSUME the POSITION of that which is spoken OVER us. The POWER of Words.
When all the trees are gone, animals hunted, waters polluted, and air unsafe, only then will you see money can't be eaten. ~Cree
awesome! Thanks for reaching out! We'll get in touch with our team that was at TM this past weekend and pass the info along.
That is a LOT of people... I follow something like 1700 and I know I don't see even half of what gets put up by everyone.
For Easter: Tiger shoots 12 under to tie for lead then on the 18th green the guy from Happy Gilmore hits him in his 68 VW Bug
the first part was about my grandpop...he died...the second part was about a friend who got into a wreck and lived
Cause it's weird. Stop.
idk lets go chill at giant eagle in north hills or at a park
fixing to watch the one thing music video again
#HOWIMGRAND I keep my head up during my darkest days because I know it gets better.
The Marlins offered Jose Reyes 6 year $90 million contract
Packers get their Super Bowl rings today!!! Outstanding!!!!!
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history --- with the possible exceptions of tequila.
Finished exercising at the gym in Sacramento. Light rain outside.
Stave completes the pass to Duckworth, 1st and Goal for the Cardinal.
working dogs can save lives and yet they need a 12step program to stop eating bird poop i dont know why they do that so gross
I kicked my garbage can at my tv when the #flyers scored to make it 7-5...
well I am sure I didn't make myself clear I am watching Ky and Kansas in the garden back in Dec!
MONDAY MONDAY Casting away. happy Monday everyone and break a leg!!!
Cold outside again!
I heart you
Do infants enjoy infancy as much as adults enjoy adultery?
I Cann't Believe It, #BTWBall In Indonesia Was Canceled. I Don't Understand Why They Call To Gaga "Destructive Of Faith"!
ill be back like retro jays i'm gone
Plays in all situations. O game improving. D game stellar. PK best in league. PP improving too. Saves more goals/yr than scores.
was walking to a meeting in beverly hills, & 4 diff cars honked at each other for separate reasons. in less than 2 min. really necessary??
#WWE #RockConcert #Boots2Asses #TeamBringIt we smell what TheRock is cooking and it smells like it might be Cena's balls
FAN GIRLING SO MUCH RIGHT NOW. 8FLAVAHZcrew RTED ME.
God bless you
OH: It's not that I don't have friends, It's just that they all have ADHD so you never see us hanging out.
I received this txt from our 9yo tonight, "Jane called me a pachina (female anatomy). Can you get her in big trouble?".
Today is Earth Day; let's all maintain awareness that it's all about symbiotic interdependence. We're here 'together'.
can you just come cuddle with me?
Why are the celtics not blowing out the 76ers? Smh...
i feel like people have been forming against me for years. the more i build, the more people tell me what i can't build
listening to your interview right now!!
Love March. Spring training? Check. NCAA tourney? Double check. Girl Scout Cookies delivered? Hells yeah.
Some of my favorite quotes from comments upcoming. And by "favorite" i mean can we revoke commenting privileges please?
TV show was awesome but it is time to move on! More movies and/or standup! Heck fitness book/show 4 us plussize girls
no, sounds like all YOUR problems start with men. Don't blame the men YOU chose to share your life for your crap
Yes, everything's okay. Terrible fire in Reno yesterday (Caughlin Ranch) but it snowed last night. Fire is out. 21 homes damaged.
I'm at Wheaton for the day researching. What else should I do? What were your old haunts?
Yep “: Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.”
Slept about 4 hours last night..going to be a lonnggg day.
Hope yall coming back soon my thursday are so boring now.
you're the man figs. congrats
I don't have your number cause I got a new phone!
I lost track of twitter.
Tell the truth: If your sig other left their email signed in on the computer you were using, would you snoop on their emails??
#News Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin is engaged to longtime friend William “Willie’’ Wilkerson
: Not quite! Epub and mobi, yes, but the iBookstore uses epub rather than its own format. Nearly all use epub, except Amazon.
its tremendous energies at whoever stands in the way of his/her desires. Someone can be incredibly possessive and dominating around you
Happy Veteran's Day everyone! We'd like to thank all of our active military and veterans for serving our country and keeping us safe.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet and all of , but i have a better change with charlie(;
I just heard ur song 'End of Forever' nice track. Do u have anything more recent? I'm looking for a male singer to collab with.
My life in a nutshell: Having a one-nite stand with a dood 2 wks ago. Him taking my number. Me getting a text from him today... A MASS TEXT.
Certainly, they need to get younger. And going to lose Briggs as well. But -good- enough to win, but offense was INEPT!
Auto correct just suggested "Happy Thang diving". Maybe our hosts have something unusual planned?
sendme some beats
I'm pretty tired of people generalizing the opposite sex because they met a couple cunts in their life. Not EVERYONE is an asshole.
Life has to much drama!
I'm cooler than a polar bears toenails
absolute nightmare with the bath mat!
I think you are the most beautiful woman I've ever laid eyes on.
Learning the proper use of advertising in Twitter will help you get incredible results
wow! That is really awesome, Lou! Do you know if they might post it online?
coming home after a long day and just falling onto your bed
Appreciate that, Shawn. You set the bar, though, encouraging us to think and lead differently. Thank you.
Thank you josh smith
The fact that I can now text one direction song lyrics and she can text me the next part back makes me a happy person :')
thanks... has to be said.
Hi April,I just saw your latest video. All I want is a Divas match that is longer then the intros. Melina and Lexxus killed it!
OH. Hahah isn't it lovely??(;
thanks for the Rt!
Work has picked up quite a bit in feb! how is everyone else doing?
It felt so good n emotional to speak to my son thank u lord for continually looking after him father gide him tru this path n rebuke allevil
Today's #outdoor #activites...the park and a game of chase in the backyard
One word Joshua....WOW
thanks! 2 lights...open octa and soft fill. It's all about the ratios!
Kellin Quinn is going to end up doing something when his daughter is born.
"The greatest of these is love" despite being on his tombstone is not my grandpa. "There's no meat in hell." That's my grandpa.
I mean, if it was someone your age, that would be like, "Oh, dude, whassup." but a ten year old? Back away slowly... o.o
Congrats! I'm not surprised about all the buzz you guys have received at Sundance- buzz well earned. Way to go!
I accidentally took off with your juicer! Need to get it to you! How? Leave with ? Nathan?
two thumbs up to this update
Counting the days til the amazing people of Wisconsin beam Scotty O-U-T !!!
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
SAYIN HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY RIGHT HAND\SISTER LOVE YOU GIRL(WE BEEN DOING THIS THING FOR 10YR)
the dryer door opened while my clothes were drying. it turned off but kept counting down time. now i'll be wearing wet clothes to work
Thank you for the #FF :)
And now the octopus... Solo
Detroit might give you street cred, but it won't pay your bills. Lesson learned from BG, haha.
So i'm cleaning up the list of who I follow. Tired of fighting with tcot extremists. also addin some new tweeps2my favs, should u b there?
it is my mission to be 's fotm at least once in my life.
tomorrow is another day at #SXSW & another set of parties, sessions, & random invites 2 eat BBQ so your introverted side will lose
Thanks for the RT. Good weekend?
That's right, RICKshaw!
I hope so too, I saw the black shadow in ep 3 and it is the goblin, I think the goblin has something to so with the books.
Nice gig Michael! Kyt :j
my office hours are 7-7:10 p.m. Appointment only. You get extra credit if you clean my room and give Millie a bath 👍
at least she has good taste ha
She had a great birthday!(:
Still a little sad that the movie "Space Jam" isn't about deadly extraterrestrial jam.
Holy haleakala that's a lot of equipment!
If at first you dont succeed, Blame somebody else and try a new strategy.
Need 2 give a shout out 2 my other boy on the drums - Your brush work the other day was ridiculous!! Ed Thigpen would be proud!
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
: thanks n bless you sir
Downey to Seal Beach and back in 1:08.49 ;)P
Tweet tweet blowin up a hoes phone
Not from a purely ethnocentric viewpoint, which is how you are viewing it.
HEY TIKI BARBER WHAT'S THAT U SAID???ELI WON'T EVER WIN A SUPER BOWL HUH??
LOL....I hope it wasn't my husband who installed it! So, you're a senior pastor?
quoting imprinted snuggies.
I'm one final paper and two short case studies away from the end of the semester. Can't. Wait.
omg life is hard for a teen 0.o
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be
PLEASE MICHELE FOLLOW ME :D
WTF. my mom is having sex. I'm about to fuckin go off. This is sick as fuck I can't be apart of this!!!!
Capello's resignation is death for #spurs. Good luck holding the CL place now.
I thought you'd enjoy that.
Its sad that no body has job security anymore, here today gone tomorrow
People nowadays: 1. You Get Robbed... 2. Update Facebook Status... 3. Tweet About It... 4. Call 911
SocSec cash flows look like Ponzi but a)participation is mandatory, b)it is completely transparent. Ponzi without the fun!
Understandable, but I have a psych class at 8:55! :P
ha ha! Sorry for the confusion... =)
Never would have thought it! You might be surprised to learn that some ants can live more than 15 years.
PARTY ALERT: and the present. UTSA #Homecomingjumpoff sept. 22nd at #SAGA!!
What Nick?
My office is seriously so damn loud my customers must wonder where the hell i am every day...
#IDontGet why we ask questions even though we already know the answer
Agreed! So good - go #teamblake! whew!! RT : Phew. Tears. Get it!
everyone know you're really trying to get butt raped.
ALL BLACK ERRTHING!
Rite!!! oh how I miss the days of ol when we would Terry at Galutchi hall right b4 we got on the metro to go to ACOG
looking forward to hearing speak about #lgbt youth tonight at 's 'Bridge to Brick City' Newark event!
I want so see Scream 4!
sounds like a great job.
that was the pussiest shit ever.
Waiting on healy
Amazing weather, awesome friends, loads of fun....how can we make this weekend last forever?
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-8
lol too funny
good morning beautiful world.
REMINDER*** Hester Hanekamp*** you were chosen as FRIDAY's winner so please contact us so we can send your prize
Question: how do you retrieve your food content? For example, do you buy cookbooks, magazines, e-cookbooks, apps, Internet search, etc.
Robin Roberts just arrived at the White House for Obama's gay marriage interview...
Check out the VDOE site if you want ideas on integrating technology.
...and this is where I exit the conversation.
Le Duc de Levis~ It is easier to judge a persons mental capacity by his questions than by his answers.
what's everyone got going on today?
Maybe this will work:"Lose weight now, Ask me how" ( allows spam but not political speech)
um...gainful employment?
If you're interested in having a press pass, just shoot us a DM and we'll set you up! :)
i can DM you a pick (:
And I am bored af -_-
TRAFFIC sucks! Seriously moved 2 miles over the last 45 minutes
Big shout out to my homie Orlando from The Green Mile co.
97 % of people get scared when they receive a text saying 'can I ask you something' ;c
If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. - Dale Carnegie
RT : 500 Scott Brown signs in Littleton, this AM. All gone by lunch.
the newer versions are actually pretty solid, but iOS is definitely the most functional.
Lol “ This nigga told me to have his baby HELL NAWWWWW I'LL PASS ON THAT BILL”
In NYC to discuss how to use tech to improve service delivery. Great need to develop tech that disrupts current systems
“: I miss u guys.”I Miss You To 😔 I Hope All Is Well I Love You
si I go in at 4
thanx for the RT! glad you enjoyed it =]
it's not Justin Bieber
I don't even know what to say about you two.
Good day for newYork teams yesterday makes my Sunday better when my boys win
To: Cha Cha- Is it gay if the balls touch? ~Swanke
let your past make yo better not bitter
Let The Church Say Amen
Olcyk hates the
Congrats to the Jr. Pioneers U12 Tier II National Champions!
do u going to the tweet up with tomorrow
Fuck.... now I gotta go on this midnight milk n cookie run thanks to and my overwhelming munchies
Beat the Cats We bleieve GO IU
Barack's dream for young women at Barnard is that they can be CEO, and he abhors the "motley apartments" he lived in here.
when's the game now?
Woot, woot! Can't wait for 's #SpringFlash tonight with and at !
I did! You were great! Thank you for your books. You are an inspiration! You were hilar as well. lol
Did you also email me? I replied to an email but let me know if that was not you!
HAHAHAHA BARCELONA!! WHAT NOW??? NO CHAMPIONS LEAGUE AND NO LA LIGA!!!
HA! Those the Wal-Mart edition they sell those in the auto department.
RT : Lion launch. Tomorrow (Wednesday). Just announced on earnings call. Wow.
these are the losers who are showing the entire planet just how f---ing pathetic America and her people really are.....
“: 10 dresses in 2 hours! Thanks so much to and !!”
Enchancers Love Lisa! We should trend that! Come on everyone!!!
retweet if u single:)
Thanks for the retweet, Donna!
It's not always about what you know...sometimes it's who you know
Thanks for visiting us. What did u have? RT : Lovely lunch date at The Prado with , I love restaurant week!
Going to the Let's Eat Charles Street festival tomorrow? Stop by the Zipcar tent and sign up with our street team! New members get $75 in DC
NO sleep for me....,.,.I hate no one and hold no grudges .......still i might get wrinkles if i don't sleep.....
Incredible what can be accomplished by small teams of like minded folks. Just look at the Navy SEALs and others. that's how to run project!
lonely girl
Imma just laugh though .. You hoes entertain me ... I swear !
#gomavs I was about to jokingly ask if u were in Portland tonight. Then I thought for a second and decided u may reaalh be there?
hah maybe oversights like that is why I ended up in SC
Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers
And radio is the authentic way for an artist to even be heard and promote themselves national level.
Visited and can't wait to set up an #OldWorld tasting for later this summer!!
Watching the Grammy's waiting for the pizza I ordered!!
I could listen to "Bingo Players- Cry" all day I love that track
Girl with Jason Mraz shirt. Guess I'm truly getting old.
This #Nicks game is BULLSHIT!! So the refs wait to see if the #Heat miss a shot to call a foul?! If they miss-Foul...made-no foul!! Wtf?
Derek Lowe just sounds like the name of good pitcher.
I hate u for being in VEGAS the same weekend I SHOULD HAVE been in vegas if it wasnt for being a BIATCH lol
just made our day :D
thanks for the shout out!
i miss youu too girl !
#8 I HATE my body .
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 67
same went to bed at 9 this morning still have moved from bed
I sent you an email! Respond at your earliest convenience. God Bless.
Doing a study on Roslyn, NY homes in stats class. What a dump.
At church of all faiths #adamspoint #oakland with
please have your boys take care of these scum bag rednecks this afternoon. tired of thir fans already. thanks.
Salamander or baseball glove?
"Money is like manure; it's not worth a thing unless it's spread around encouraging young things to grow." - Thornton Wilder play, 1954
all ma exes live in texas like im george strait
Just watched Mothers Day!!It was fantastic!!Intense!!Insane!!LOVED IT!!!
what are you working out today?
No...I think Jessica butchered Mariah Carey last night....I think Randy lost his mind
your so dam gay though.
I won't be surprised at all if the support from Packer fan base gives the mirrorball trophy... but he deserves it anyways.
* Lay her i' the earth:
on an awesome #FBi webinar with , & ! Gonna be awesome!
": it was all because of that sexy dance you did yest 😁" lmao!! Omg... I'm never doing that dance again :x
Are we your favorite wine & spirits shop in Los Angeles? Let us know and we will make your day :)
u all late in your response. any sleep? me nope...... smh
Today is Lumpy Rug Day – a day to celebrate and appreciate a good rug. We’re celebrating by offering Wild Wednesday rug pricing today!
dont know what you're talking about. i wake up to 2 cats climbing all over face and clawing at my neck at 6:30am. cats > coffee.
bought some new shit today ready to wear it tama :P
Check it out! It's that time again; dinner time! Check out NOLA Food Delivery for all your hunger needs! Or give us a ring at...
Thanks for a great event!
Thanks. SAME TO YOU!!!!!
You said you were ready. Maybe you weren't.
Reading"Kim Kardashian" by Rudyard Kipling
#transpo camp. Yup. We're in a night club.
What doesn't kill me makes me stronger. Translation: dating gay men is really a pain.
Pop Recording Artist, Actress and TV Host/Personality Natascha Bessez on Adva Mobile! Check her out - text getnatascha to 88704.
awesome! RT : I was just thinking about it and I just may be the female version of Frank the Tank from Old School.
Its sad that it takes a tragedy to bring us together
Ready to be motivated to change. I pray God will make big changes in my heart.
learn to play the game, you expect to be a commentator? have you watched gsl?
Beautiful Souls at 1 pm: "Unexceptional people who took great risks because they were in a position to help someone and did."
Only over my Dead Body
What does she mean like keesha? :o
Dude Eric Church and Brantley Gilbert are the REAL deal!
having fun baking pumpkin chocolate chip cookies w/the family & the house smells yummy!
im curious
My Mom is so cute and I'm so proud that she knows basic html coding in Dreamweaver. More than I know about web design.
Smashburger vs. Burger Lounge??
I'm not sure what's worse: that there's a BBQ place named after John Brown, or that they charge $21/lb. for burnt ends.
Alright followers, any thoughts about the #NFLCombine today? The #Giants are likely going to be looking at some LBs. What about your teams?
Thanks for the follow. Portland ME Rocks!
Time for extra innings, again. #letsGoOs Bring the bats boys:)
Portland to #Maui air fare sale. $357 RT.
“: "You've got to be willing to lose everything to gain yourself." - #Lifeclass”
Really hoping tomorrow that things will be better and that this pain will just go away. This whole hurting thing is getting old.
Did I just hear a niner in there? Are we on a walkie-talkie?
drew brees wasnt an elite qb in San Diego & was coming off injury. Tebow is no Steve Young--go watch the tape
Lmbo! To funny Mel (I try) RT :... and my oh my! has the best falsetto voice I've heard in a while! Lol!
I guess the thief was on a tour de fence.
Next show May 27th at Echo, additional info coming soon!
Week 2 of the new year. Congrats to all of you who are on track and following your resolutions. The rest of you need to get started!!
1,000 tweets and I am still fucking unappreciated. Suck my dick fuckers.
Come rock with us at the caravan lounge
I realized how insane improv is tonight.
I know I'm nothing but skin and bones but I sure think your beautiful
Note to self: calming down an anxious 7yo before she goes to the dentist should qualify one for a Nobel Peace Prize.
Oh my god! YOU GUYS ARE SO FREAKING AMAZING! If this is what you girls do in your free time, we're best friends :)
im trying to be happy always .
4 real thats cool! Im at the studio right now on my Laptop workin!!! Bet u full!!!
I know I don't watch football anymore but isn't that the point of the game?
RT Gr8 meeting up w -- a stellar man and aspiring actor > thnks Brian! Every wknd u challenge me 2 b a better Human Being
“: DL, DB, OL top 3 needs...not in any order?” -- I think you're off to a good start!
said it was his bday yesterday lmfao
Excuse me, I have to go kill myself... I mean... exercise.
I like what Ida better then oh wells... What Ifs let's you have an imagination. Oh wells just shows you don't actually care
ya? What's the paper about? I just got done with my paper about an hour ago on Gardners Seven Intelligences Theory
- you back in the states? #beer after work?
Why pay extra for a retractable roof if #Dallas if your not going to open it on a really nice day.
RT : The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender - Vince Lombardi
Global History is the natural progression in trying to move away from a Eurocentric lens. Fad? Maybe but it's important.
Got tons of pop/r&b tracks i need to send out. These are all big singles...whos lookin?
MozyPro has been giving ConnectionError4 since we added more space to our account last week. No backups have run in cpl days
I expect my gifts in the coming days.
Sure! Can you DM me who he is?
but the web interface has all the cool stuff like search, threads, view all images in one page, etc
[3 - 1] The Pittsburgh Pirates scored against the Houston Astros in the bottom of the 5th inning. Pittsburgh Pirates 3, Houston Astros 1
Do u really think it will make any difference? I'm convinced the "Presidency" is nothing more than figure head for Huge fed govt
haha absolutely not. The only white person that's allowed to say swag is Eminem, and he's only technically white haha
At least they got more wins then Melo
I feel ya
EVERYBODI FOLLOW MI BESTIEE FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW
Wow! I didn't know he was born in Cullman.
DJin a private gig in San Luis obispo! Have a good Saturday!
Thanks Ralph, yeah Nicky's great..hope to see you soon.
I know the path to enlightenment. The matter of the worth of pursuit is what is in question.
stay home ima be bored, ohh an youre like a female kid cudi
I feel like im in country haze.. bleh...HELLO I SEE STARS &n BREATHE CAROLINA!
109 days until
Baltimore City Planning Commission recommends tax break for Superblock, but includes statement requesting inclusion of local hiring. 1/3
Thanks, Katy! Glad you liked the post. Looking forward to talking with you again soon!
Just the stock 18-55 and an old 80-200 that I had, so I have lots of room to improve upon. Thanks for the advice!
ima come through after I'm done eating
": : Liked i won back to back weeks when i was a fish in season 1. Only one win since.. booze aint it
go out and do something!
oh boy should we be worried? Hehe
TGIF! If you use any of our deals this weekend, do let us know!
James Anderson is back tonite!
tell Joe I have not forgot about getting together with u guys for dinner. I will call him next week to arrange something. Ttyl
This dude is crazy!
did you go ghost this week or what?
The best is yet to come! Blessings ^staff
There's nothing more annoying and frustrating than wanting to move forward with someone who is content with stationary
Workshop with Eric Souliere yesterday....moving forward in the 42 day book a job challenge...!
Yep (like most things)! Guess you can tell I'm not a season ticket holder, huh? ;)
Oh my! OK!
someday you'll see the reason why, there's good in goodbye
I hope budget discussions will help us figure out what we consider really important and not just what we give lip service to
Understood. Bush Jr was rather exceptional...
Can't believe Carroll Shelby passed today... My great uncle used to deliver cars for him... Wow...
Just met my future husband.
Mike Mayock & Michael Lombardi like the Bears' draft.
Hate when you have to sneeze while driving on a really curvy road.
umm its been that way for like 4 years now.
are you missing your tea?
I'm sure I can find that info as needed:-)
I follow back, just ask <333 :D
Good morning Denver! Is your day off to a good start?
Shook the rev. Jesse jackson's hand
some ppl come on here for foolishness - I'm about being positive! all day...every day!
MAIN RAMP OF 405 WILL OPEN STARTING 11:30AM THE MAIN LINE AND FULLY OPEN 3:00 PM in LA
i'm feeling a lot better thank you for asking..yes i am working on some movies..i cant same much but you will find out
Different meanings of "Cheers!" in Chinese! 干杯 gānbēi drink your glass dry 随意 suíyì drink (as little) as you wish 一半 yíbàn just a half glass
not gonna lie I dig the lyrics you tweet everyday
Leadership is the ability to get extraordinary achievement from ordinary people. Brian Tracy
lol bagels are AWESOME!
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear : (Jordan Shoes) Sold out!!!!!!!
RT so excited to be in my #House (New Series started tonight)
To the tech-heads amongst you, are you attending or tweet-following #wiredbizcon?
um do not try to replace ryan gosling ever.
Brain Networks Linked to Teen Drug Abuse - Voice of America
Ppppppffftttt I'm not freaking out because I got followed by jb's close friend <3 pft... EEEEKKKKKK!!!!!!!
Ugh -- my Virgin America flight has live TV, but not the #bruins game. Live stream anyone?
": want to see some killer mullets? stop in to Pappas tropical paradise in west seneca ny!" That's why I go there duh
I love my babygirl KaLiaH..! Each day she never fails to AMAZE me..!
We are proud to announce we will be joining the cast of the 2012 Warped Tour this summer! Thanks - Can't WAIT!
I like her style.
I WAS HALF A VIRGIN BEFORE HE TWEETED ME. NOBODY UNDERSTANDS ME
Thanks for birthday wishes
my brother thought Scotty day was your birthday. Is it okay that I hate him now?
"If you find that you have dug yourself in a hole...stop digging." It only makes sense!!!!
old version is up... new ver will be ready by thursday! code released shortly after the conference.. are you gonna attend?
Listening to 1360AM talk about and how he looked like a badass last night! Way to play Garrett! Go Aztecs!
In the end :)
Wow. I think that the kitchen is done. I'm going to go celebrate by buying a birthday cake for Mason. And then I shall collapse.
Congratulations to our neighbors on a great ribbon cutting and groundbreaking this morning. The Cultural Corridor is awesome!
my ears are still ringing...
pixie lott, olly murs, and jessie j should join too!!! MOST EPIC TOUR EVER
Hoping this cup of green tea is up to the task of carrying me through a myriad of children's activities tonight
What kind of a loser wears their softball uniform to subway...
Sales team need help with social networking skills? I can teach them "iSelling" like no one else can!
Maggie Brooks and Louise Slaughter... I impersonate you out of respect of course... LOL
life is worthless, make your life worth something and you've accomplished greatness.
Traffic why are you delaying my weekend?
Take your chapped ass woodchipper mouth the fuck outta here.
So happy to have our standard Friday night meal tonight
Sounds tasty Claudette. My husband and I are going to stop by one night soon !
U r welcome nice mtg u 2. Lets get linkedin
Jay-Z's American Gangster album is the perfect soundtrack to this lit review on Urban Anthropology.
Web and social gurus: If you haven't encountered web-tool yet, check it out!
i love taylor swift. <13 she is my inspiration.
What're you planning this weekend? We've got some great live music and the hottest DJ's to keep you dancing all night!
you make me sad :(
I wonder how much bereavement time can I take from work over
Check this out: 10 Great Libraries to Tour. CPL's Harold Washington Library Center makes the list: usat.ly/dJLtHi
Mitchell Elementary Family Night this evening. 20% of our sales from 4-9pm go to support the PTA.
Monte’s wishes all of you celebrating this weekend a Happy Mother’s Day & to make your reservations here asap! 7188527800!
Mark Kotsay- what an awesome game you had tonight- THANKS for the WIN!!! GO Brewers!!!
Weird that older people you used to hang out with were younger than you are now.
Blehhh...rise n shine! 11:00 am? Not bad. :) happy saturday yall!
i'd say so. That tall one is screaming for some eiswein! Can the chained ones be hung from piercings?
can we do a tinychat now please im bored
Big shout out 2 execs frm LDT 4 n FEI's Leading for a Democratic Society 4 Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs quotes
if the mispronunciation of one word determines elequence, then I suppose we are all blithering fools.
Pretty good what you been up to
we need to chat son.
Josh Smith should've got back on D quicker
Good Morning! RT : Good morning
i want a tan yoo !
Thanks! I'm excited and proud :)
trying to decide on the best web2.0 tools to share with grades 6-12 non-academic teachers—business, careers, marketing, computer education
is the biggest racket going. They leave suspicious negative reviews up & filter out "suspicious" positive ones. Blood sells I guess
#TeenHoot tickets come on sale in 37 minutes! Woo! :)
You dont relize how mad your makin me Cnbc...
Let it Shine...
#Niallisbeautiful We all love you man, keep your head up <3
you will fall in love he is gorg
I'm so bored kill me 
oh, I can understand that.
I’m so excited for Christmas <3 <3
This chick needs new people to talk to... So HMU(:
Skydiving. If at first you don't succeed, you're dead.
I'd like to think so. RT Is it true that if you stroke the hair of that you will be granted 3 wishes?
Thank you to everyone that came to Vegas! Sorry for the late thank you. It has been a hectic day! But I love you for coming! It was
"Your business will only grow as fast as your do"
Yes! RT : Kinda wish #vrac2011 would have ended today I had so much fun
You taste like the 4th of July, malt liquor on your breath my my.
Students need to meet on Sunday to develop projects with me.
Apparently you're not alone. RT : And I thought it was just me.... RT 52% of women can't go a day without "sending a 'risque text
Thunder...ugh. :( Hey...heard good news on you though! Congrats on T&P!
lmao, ikr but I don't like to assume until I kno for sure!!! Oh well, imma get his cd, cuz I kno he gone make it
hiya that's me sidekicking you lol just kidding how are ya stranger
Saw a guy driving a prius on Clybourn pull over and pee while overlooking the M-Change across from Ms Katies. Must be a breathtaking view
It's not just everyone else is doing, it's that it is a necessary rule to keep free agency out of college bball after recruiting
Great to hear, man! I'm just finishing up this degree, playing local musicals/gigs and subbing at La Nouba when they call me :-)
Oh my goodness! I just saw that I have a $40 credit at actors key! Yay! Workshop. :)
i will
well, those of us in the back piped up that you're not here. :)
Cause you always got something stupid to say on twitter that nobody cares about. You bitch
Wish I could be there! Ask lots of questions and take pics!
We still have installation & logistics to cover before it's up & running, but hopefully our bottles will be on shelves in a few months :)
Blessed morning it will be
#imagine you are on the beach n Jamie came behind u grabs ur waist n whispers in ur ear hello beautiful :3
hahaha I'm pretty sure we don't give q Fuck about the money we just blow up everyyhing
Auction details to be released soon!
#chucknorris (via Valerie Massey of CCP) says pain is weakness leaving the body. When you screw up, you have to own it!
do we know this guy?
RT : RT : Lebron looked like he was filming a Life Alert commercial.
Looking forward to LA Webfest this weekend!!! <3
. on uniform message shift from "piracy" to "content theft" (but has it rlly caught on in common parlance? (since penzance)
Quite faking, be yourself.
as soon as we print i'll let you know!
Oh yall need Bosh now? RT : Its no type steroid or anything that can help Bosh recover faster?
That New #KatyPerry Video, "Part of me" is Gucci!
So much work to do but my God what great potential EP has. You are gonna want a copy of this, I promise.
Awww thanks but...ER NOPE. I'm ugly!!
why is twitter all about justin and selena? I wanna hear about some liam hemsworth, yum.
RT : Having a bad day? Today in 1976, Ronald Wayne sold his 10% stake in Apple for $800...now it's worth $58,065,210,000.
Her twat taste like glazed donuts? She is giving cats type-2 "die of beetus" on the first night
GREAT speaker today! Nancy Aossey was really wonderful!
are you staying here the whole time though?
500 followers. Thank you everyone <3
Cash Money signs Limp Bizkit??? -__-
hey fuse! Just got back on 11 after 6 month hiatus lol wanted to ask... Hows 14 now?? Do u think a ps3 release will do it good?
those are awesome! I'll get you a real poster if you want one?
I wish!
I did....started reading and the next thing I know it was after 10. >:|
what are you talkin' about!? This is BBQ country! Sausage is the best vegetable option out there!!
My company is on G+ but it rarely drives traffic to our blog or website...Twitter, Tumblr & Pinterest are my
ha! Between there & Richland!
so cool!
Finally... Back on my desktop.. Now to install EVERYTHING. TT
Behold, the eye of the Lord is upon them that fear him, upon them that hope in his mercy; to deliver their soul from death... Psalms..
So I guess I cheer for a draw between Newcastle and Chelsea.
this is no time to take a nap! No!!!!!!
Gonna kick butt on writing today then my reward tonight: William Friedkin speaking at directors closeup.
good point!
Do work, sir! Welcome back to the SHOW, Mr. Farris.
More information to come......
sure you'll kill it.
Caucasians for . . . I'm apparently the only one yet.
I wish I could write a blog
RT : Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness. -Oprah
Spent a fantastic weekend helping to get #CPCT's new space ready. We open on FRIDAY, and I'm SO ready to make Tech Week mah bitch. ;-)
Injustice could be wiped out, but human differences and natural limitations cannot be eliminated.
Oh cool. I thought it may have affiliated with the "No Fun" festivals that used to go on at Red Hook/Knitting Factory.
lol, love it!
Hope you had a great holiday and really happy to hear from you!! :)
I'm gonna miss next year!
did it work? :D
RT : RT : Check out the season finale of Four Peaks, Tues 7 p.m., online. Taped live from HuskyFest, i
Yo mama was a extra on the Simpsons and shit nigga
instant classic???
talking to the moon, trying to get to you...<3
the twitter-o-sphere reporting Fidel Castro's death, but it isn't on Drudge yet.
I enjoy being a fangirl. Not that I have a choice... it's a gut reaction.
Next three weekends are packed of fun things! Soexcited.
Patience is not a blind acceptance of adversity, but a sublime understanding of the larger meaning of life. -Manly P Hall
I wish somebody would make me pancakes.
Mike's town halls show that he will be an open, accessible mayor if elected #seamayor ^ap
Driving home with :) so happy I don't have to take the bus
I don't think the nba would benefit from an expansion franchise, so what team should make the move to the great Northwest?
imagine waking up from a nap ....by the toilet and freaking the fuck out. NO THANK YOU.
This sounds fabulous. Please make it again so we can come eat it :) RT : Quiche: Porcini mushroom and Gorgonzola cheese Soup
It amazes me how people consistently misspell my email address -- especially since it is clearly printed on all my business cards.
Thursday! Aren't you coming down this week? Come party!
Wow! That's pretty awesome. I have a Foulke jersey and nobody understands why. Hello?! Final out!! To Doug M no less... :)
Was just told by HR that we're celebrating Halloween at the office & we can brings snacks & costumes. No skin. I wonder which she meant.
And down goes #Forte now
glad you enjoyed them! Hope you feel ok today!
When I nearly get into a street corner rumble with a senior citizen bitch, honking & yelling at me while rightly walking, it's time to go.
Hey Wesley. Just wanted to thank you for showing up at my son's football practice at Kennedy High School. He was excited to meet you!
M... Lemon Sharks. #NomNomNom RT : I just watched Shark Week, Lemon Sharks have attacked 17 people and never killed any.
Only a 5 point lead now
Happy father's day to all the dads out there, from the 303 and 720...
Do you still have that Hermes? Contact me, let's talk.
Where is a good club to go to on a Thursday in Hollywood/Santa Monica?
I'm weary of Romney.
: Pls get iron-clad repayment plan from Full Tilt #Poker & fast-track sale so players get repaid, thanks!
lmao I remember that shid too
Absolutely! Just moved to the Bay Area a few months ago and Yelp has been a great help in recommending some cool places :)
Check out tonight for their Grand Opening, 3548 14th Street, be sure to bring a friend and give this new place a shot
HAHAAHAAHAH step dad was peeking out the door of the garage, looked at me and said "whassuppp nigga" and closed the door
yeah, called a Saturday. How are you?
Hales is bummed that Sustainability Center and Lake O streetcar are one foot in the grave
Blue and Gold = Green. Happy St. Patrick's Day
2 hour commute for the second time this week to visit a knee specialist. Hopefully the prognosis isn't too bad. Wish me luck!
Yes, anytime! I try to run at the gym on Tuesdays but if you ever want to hit an outdoor track, I've been wanting to!
Went to yoga for the first time and kicked someone in the face. Pretty good for a beginner!
The preview track on your blog is awesome!!!!!
OK....this made me laugh....really really laugh.
Seeing my sexy ass wife in uniform got me even more motivated : ) ! #ArmyStrong #RihannaNavy <3
1 of my faves! RT “: If you still haven't tried the Marzen you definitely should! It's an outstanding spring beer.”
She is honestly one of my favorites. The pearl resin feels different and is so pretty.
U.S.S. Lexington and the aquarium today. Heat index of 115!!! Later, when cooler, we'll have our last trek to the beach. Off to explore!
The message i just sent :'/
(Vega)(Urgentys)provides optimum protection, anywhere in the world for Alzheimer's Patients, Autistic Kids, Elderly
Quote of the day: "Something badass...I don't know, like REO Speedwagon or something"
School sucks taking Finals all week
been pretty good just living life
Do the job, know its done...save yourself the headache of arguing about who's job it is. Just do it. Just lazy...geez
*kisses back*
I'm gonna fix a lot of things in my life that have been bothering me lately.
U been sayin u wanted to do a photo shoot 4 the longest. lol
Just so you know, you're following me and I am very much pro-choice. I don't suppose you are against the death penalty too?
Back to the vet today, this time for the other dog. I am expecting bad news. This is the bad part about having pets.
can u follow me I have a few questions to dm u
Peace out, river trout.
Lmao, Idk :P My mom named us that aha'. My middle name is marie and her middle name is christine soo yeaah :p aha'
's cover of so sick from his ustream that he just done
This tweet is way delayed, but congratulations to our brand new Babyfoods, George Burton and Adrian Iglesias! /te
Word up!
Just finished Spiritual Yoga class...I feel great!
Smokey : I got mind control ova dat fool. he be like stfu I be quite but when he leave I be talkin again.
EMD music time
Dallas would love to have you here! Are you performing in Texas any time soon?
We are so blessed to have you folks as fans and friends. Saturday was above and beyond.
what city?
Tip: If you are going uphill, downshift so your engine doesn't need to work as hard to move your car up.
Niggas ain't macho man they really miss elizabeth
Of the many, many things I could watch on my parents' cable I choose ... Titanoboa on the Smithsonian Channel. :P
In all fairness, Nick C. was a "star" in tv/film BEFORE making music, right? Em was the other way around. Eminem is Music only!
#WhatMakesMeSmile making others laugh and smile
hey boo
