Happy Monday. 4 readers out there. Want a copy of "When God Talks Back". the evangelical relationship with God. email
what special dishes will you showcase at #MamasDay2012?
Is this the greatest job in the world or what?
jomo is on smackdown and dam he is hot.
but it's party time sunday & re cooperation monday lol
EXACTLY!!!! Hahaha that baby needs to pop out already hahah
Productive day today! Booked 3 fashion shoots, and one high end condo shoot- Maybe now I can leave the apartment- HA!
you are lovely in every way! so nice to see you and hope to see you again soon around and elsewhere!
i cant deny that you're hilarious.. but the man? eh thats debatable. hah
“: Single life is like the shit!.!.! It's like 100% my way, what I want. I'm finally number one for once! #ohyeah”
watching the bay 101:)))))
Heh. Mine doesn't work well either. But figured it was a moot point. :-)
"March, march, march march!!!"
Newmatic just finished-awesome band imo!! 3 more!! Who's gonna win?? They set the bar pretty high! Bring it!
slushies and vodka slushies and vodka. because im like 14? still excited. RT 7-11: the best thing to ever happen to the Hill.
Byu football hey I had a friend from high school play football for them. . Thx for the follow
Looking forward to hearing from
soon that will come true!!
Nothing can stop hinder or delay your faith when you stand firm for your promise from the word. DON'T GIVE UP?
Many thanks to Erin Eberle for being part of the \ˈspēk-ˌē-zē\ Facebook Fan club!
discovered that gem via
Rt “: be around." Fam, I'm in the clouds!
Clean clothes...yep
: RT this if you love your phone case. What is it? D30 case for Amaze4G
lol you're hilarious
So glad! I'm a big fan of all things CBC (especially Diversity), but I've always been curious if twibbons work!
I will be on Martin Bashir Show Live today at 3:30 p.m. MSNBC
confirms #HouseOfCards will be shooting at their Calvert Street offices in April! Drama will shoot in #Baltimore &
You guys were amazing! I have to say, made my day to see you and Masi back on TV - if only for a day lol.
I throw ice at people who need to chill out
You're not very convincing.
If you're dumb enough to get caught once... You probably should stop NOW.
Shat Ap! Just kidding
I feel like one day I'll be able to do Zero's lightning loop, then the next day I completely lose it. I don't know why I'm so inconsistent!
Need a bike? Just got one here for $100 -- weather's going to get better soon -- check it out!
At the #ASPchicago12 conference will be an interesting experience to see the association key note speakers
In Ft. Wayne with to support our guys & Good day of basketball ahead.
no problem Jim. Could you follow back please ? Thanks buddy
Good for you! Mine was so dreadful, I don't think I ever want to look at it again, regardless of soundtrack.
Watching "Walk The Line" with my boyfriend.
Buahahaha. This made me laugh out loud and scare the cats.
Sunday's World Cup Soccer Lineup: (9:15am - Serbia/Ghana) (11:30am - Germany/Australia LIVE) (2pm - Algeria/Slovenia)
mkkayy quit tryin to act gay and get me to "play" with you.
Dang! Metta might as well bring the whole team down! Asshole!
The day my Son hits a girl he won't have hands the next day
how are my Twitter Friends Doin I havemt Been on this thing been busy
I'm so excited for this weekend at the ER 😍😍😍
MindFirstFitness Corporate Wellness Initiative, Fri., Oct. 17th on Wall St...
My marchand is back!!! LET'S GO BRUINS!!! <3
hope the pictures are looking good :-)
#Mandown..........Rhianna is talented how could you not like her.....your crazy if you dont
Diablo I launch icon, stop tempting me you vicious bastard.
If in the craziest of worlds, Jets get Peyton, where does Sanchez end up?
Finish STRONG!
Each year, the Alper JCC Jewish Book Festival welcomes the finest scholars to what has become one of the premier book fairs in the nation.
Speak English or Die! From a massive heart attack...
if you still need a volunteer site, I might have one for you. DM me
that's almost like saying that some people don't know how to use a rotary phone :-). Who uses depo slips anymore?
Seriously gonna cry. I look so ugly. Fml.
Your secret is safe with me...and the twitter population ;)
They actually *aren't* okay with VS! It was banned there, as were a ton of others. Censorship still runs rampant in Germany.
(c) loving you is what I was trying to do <3
What's the best way to reach you to talk about your social/digital strategy at LN? re: FB Calendar app and other integrations
Let it happen naturally.
"I think that instinct, that storytelling instinct, rescued me most of my life." Armistead Maupin, born on this day in 1944.
u called it. // METRO BROADCASTERS Americana KHYI/HOWE, TX weekend personality JOHN MURPHY has exited. CONN LARSON takes over.
We're recording this afternoon and evening Anyone want to bring by some Grey Owl?
Responded to FIRE @ 755 Est 232nd Street, Bronx, NY 10466. Red Cross auto update.
Play some damn defense dallas
What a crappy day Today. It ended with a nice conversation with a great friend! :). Tomorrow is a new day & it better be good - dammit!!
That face u make whn u get poked in the eye &look lik a pirate for 30 seconds...
Nikon fiscal year operation profit seen rising 39 percent: Nikkei
- I am on the board of Fantasy Sports TA (fsta.org) would love to get Fanvibe involved in the June conf. in SF. Any interest?
Anyone in PB have alcohol they'd like to share? :)
you know I'm down just say the word lol. I think it would be tight to have some kinda get together. :-)
Omg mrs.cameron gave the whole philosophy class gifts that is SO sweet
: Bent with 5 goals thus far this year close to making it 5 players in last 5 seasons with 6+ goals in EPL.
I already played Jimmy Connors this morning.
Due to the length of this golf broadcast there will be no 5PM newscast. See you at 9/10PM.
im not tryna start drama honestly I am just tryna resolve it Alison ......
Thank god I stayed home today #sick 😷
I watching now on TV
Fly over states.
I just hope January Jones didn't get big in real life.
One who should be afraid re: Gregg Williams quotes: Drew Brees. I'd send the house and yell those quotes at him all day.
Excellent idea!
youre welcome Antonio
that's a good feeling!
Siri is amazing
such a small world of Black scholars...
Temp work is also a good place to start. That is how I landed my position that I am in now. You just have to be creative
So many little people running around the office! Cuties.
Your maturity level is awesome. The only problem is, is that your 18 not 4.
You can call me that if you like, LOL!
My dream Presidential ticket is Tom Coburn and Bernie Sanders. (Shout-out to Buddy Roemer). Am I nuts?
Sorry, what's the question? Also, who operates this one? Would like to get in touch.
what is your favorite halloween costume that came to your door this year?
haha you know it, i think you got off easy, no jail time?
#FollowBack Video Director | Photographer | Graphic Designer
Jamie did the plank way before Justin Bieber he only did it three days ago Jamie did the plank May 17th
I am not a welcome mat
You don't need to do a "truth is" status like every week. Honestly.. Nobody really cares.
There's nothing wrong with wearing colorful socks. Just don't select something that will confuse you with a grade schooler
i dont got it set up
you guys are awesome. I had a really nice driver today.
POLL: My favorite local restaurant is _____.
hahaha Austin. Is. Mine. Deal? :P you can have Alex... He told me he wanted you and to keep it a secret -.- lol
same thought I had with close to 1000
Now playing some of my fave locals! "2nd of Feb" by ENGINE DOWN
Just had a 5 year old tell me that "hot sauce" rhymes with "ball". As a firm believer that the [children are our future]... #HelpUsAll. Lol.
Sure lets talk? RT : re: giveaways if CEO be a guest speaker on achieve goals via social ntwrks
So far the Best Buy ad is the winner with the "Words with Friends" Alec Baldwin airplane reference.
Good morning to all the positive people in the world.
#LastTimeIChecked We're a Latina interest sorority, not Latina exclusive.
First problem of the day… solved. Took 4 minutes. There's no chance this will keep up.
is the cutest boy ever :) I miss you.
i've been pronouncing it one-q-eighty-four.
What it do! Lol. Happy Friday, man.
im sleepy
ALL ATTEMPTS FOR GETTING A HOT DATE TO COME TO THIS PARTY WITH ME HAVE FAILED
#Garnett's antics were awesome when he was good but now there just ridiculous.
yup you too, I don't trust women either lol
Hottest Coffee and Hottest solo diner.
I'll be gentle.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. - Jim Rohn
Closed LONG $USDCAD for +2 pips profit; 2% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18% SHORT
for #SMWNYC What is the future of TV in #SM land? with
Hi Byron, saw you on G+. Are you interested in a new Python job in King of Prussia, PA?
Wow...just wow.
Bio for panelists should have their name, title and twitter handle.
monday's always suck because everyone is waking up with a hangover
PickUpLine: I'd like to name a multiple orgasm after you.
Wonder if she has to pay for those?
was that the one they did a sytycd routine about cancer to? So good.
$25 for 1 month Unlimited boot camp ($150 Value)
I think fruit cakes r delicious in reality hee hee what a jerk that person is LOVE ME SOME CLAY!huge fan xo
Win a Brand New Vitamix Blender for your Glowing Green Smoothie via
gears of war yes
An episode of Workaholics in the morning gets anyone ready for a productive day at the office.
anyone in Muncie want to play some cornhole ?!
defense will be more attackinhbw New scheme n schedule is another thing. We also got a much easier schedule unlike last yr
I could never ride my wheelies as a kid I'm so ashamed lol
I am surprised I don't get let go for my lack of production when she is doing this.
I want ah girl that takes my mind off of every other girl nd the bull shit life puts me threw,
Don't miss this #Midwest! : Hey #TurboKick lovers in #Chicago, instructor/pro training on 3/4. 6 days left 4early bird rate!
slow day in the office...might just cut out early! Happy Friday y'all
I think I just ruin it great. Owell moving on
about time to do some inventory with
ESPN reports Jackson needs to step it up to reach October; still no Brewers coverage.
Yo i'm dead
I wonder if #Messi is under the weather. This is DEFINITELY NOT like him.
#TRUTH I got you
Lady Antebellum are doing Lipton tea commercials now. I guess their career is over or something.
happy to help coach!
How could you think this would go down so easy? Your words are misleading, blinded by the glare from the spotlight. Now you're fiending.
Yes, I totally understand! & I are very excited! Ariel better come!
night night :)
Woo! I look forward to getting even more mail! This has been kind of fun, actually.
Yes, and write/perform/record a musical about newsies going to see NEWSIES on the way. Please and thank you.
I am in love with New York City.
Can we take a moment to put the overly active Facebook users on blast?
“: hey now. I worked at fosters freeze all the time I was in college. :-)” / actually happy they are NOT related!
My twitter crush is...
me too but I have a deadline and couldn't make it bummer but I wanna meet up soon too
Two things I love: living in walking distrance from south and their Dona sauce.
you should have hit that snooping lady with an eyeful of lemon party! haha
The fact that people left right after the 9th inning is more disgraceful than Padres fans booing Heath Bell.
O Fuck I Have Religion Today Shit
oddly enough, I was on that page when you tweet came across... started digging through the code to find a "shoot" command.
please follow me Jasmine!!!
Shore HAPPY Line NEW Drive YEAR!!!!
What a win!!!! Amazing #4Super Saver. So proud!
Time for me to get ready for school....
#2011icf #4: embrace the unknown: stay present, embrace paradox, harmony comes from balancing of opposites
girl u cray
try in the shell dry roasted peanuts and suck the salt off of the shells. That salt will kill anything you got.
ha, Andy can't think that is good promotion, doesn't even
We found Possible BF3 screenies. Check it out. BF3Nation.com
Yes!! RT: : but, can we still be friends? RT: : agreed RT: this place will not be the same w/o
i like instagram
Means we use must be as pure as the ends we seek.-Martin Luther King, Jr.
I would've voted for Reagan but Repubs of those eras were entirely different animals then
As contributors to social media, it is our responsibility to protect the reputations of our friends. Be careful what you post.
I need your phone expertise please. I have Sprint, torn between galaxy nexus (I think its called) & iPhone 4s. Your opinion.
Hasn't Logan Thomas already risen like that?
RT : Just two days until 's come to #Newark for Opening Day!
Just realized, because of her tee shirt, that our new teen volunteer is a #nerdfighter! That made my entire night.
i love my new queen size bed i got from for my christmas present :)
From my horoscope for Oct:"Uranus will send a wonderful person on your path. Accept love!" I wonder what else my anus has planned for me?
Sweet! Thank you! That's one! It all starts with one! :-)
#Rampage win again. I like the sound of 4POINTS but 6 is better.
Get me the frig out of this car
Good Job and at winning their tennis matches!
Being interested instead of interesting and making people "feel felt" are two simple ways to influence anyone in #marketing, #startup,
Good Morning to you too ! When is the next time you will be making a visit South Florida?
Nice to meet you Michie!
I'm a Man Girl. "I do 85 mph from the Poconos with a miniature Pincher in my lap I'm a Man Girl."
Today while drinking coffee I once again realized that I really don't like coffee.
2012? Bad? As in infected? Oxidized? Other problem?
You have so many other things to live for. See you tonight?
I think pretty much everyone wants shawarma these days...
Love my kids.
Blasting Some Bachata AT Home. AHH Hello SUmmer 2012(:
“: If you give a girl a marker, she will draw a heart.”
i wanted to cry, my mom was there.
what kind of phone do you have? I use my iPhone for everything. Theres an app called twitbird. It's very easy to use
marriage class? RT : Pre test party in marriage class
11-7 that's a workin man's day
hahah yeah I liked the star wars bit - wasn't expecting that
This. RT : TR Tsipras: Our enemies do not wear hoods; they wear ties and they are in offices
good to hear!! we are very close to releasing the first set of shirts! They will be limited so you will have to act fast ;)
finally fixed google chrome!
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you've had enough.
Aw you are so sweet, Merry Christmas chica:)! I put a Christmas vid up for everyone:)! Hope you love:)!
is an awesome show to watch to check you on your finances! Especially for the ladies :)
Yea I got a 2 liter of coke I'll be here for a while....
Morning!! :)) You should have some Pomegranate for breakfast.
l want a marlins snapback!!
Awesome, so glad your son enjoyed the interview! We will let you know as soon as we have the video edited!
email us please, and we'll have someone reach out to assist
MIKE 'MIKE "THE BEST" ROSS" ROSS
Finally finished my hair! Why it took me 3 hours is beyond me
craving chocolate all day today! Maybe I should get some #Hanukkah gelt
You see who your true friends and family are when your down !
Why thank you! #ff back at ya! :-)
Fabulous Friday! Buy something special for yourself...maybe some 67 shoes :)
it's on like donkey kong. Lets start to share the tweets :)
My days aren't complete when the things I plan don't happen.
Stopping by your store tomorrow better get some XXL #townbiz tees ready haha.
Just Shattered! My Phone! Smd where can I get my screen fixed.?
#aln2011 Shameless plug: come hear about UCF's Online Faculty Readiness Assessment, Effective Practice winner @ 10:40 Asia 1.
Omg Had A Hell Of A Night Got Locked Up For Fighting
You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight.
I thinks we all know which one wins out. Plus, who said you can't do both?
lmao that just reminded me of the fake Michael Jordan commercial
"Violet your turning violet. Your turning big like a balloon." "No big like a blueberry" hahha Willy Wonka and The Chocolate Factory
Judge Payne: For many years we have been at the mercy of bad, inaccurate data. Our new system is changing this.
Sick day in bed is ok when you have to watch! Addicted? Yes. <3
10 hours of battery, nice!
good luck today...you get that pic I printed out
Can anyone else imagine how horrific it would be if it was actually 'Raining Cats and Dogs'? Never really understood why that was a saying.
The Morgan Freeman interview was one of your best!! Next Clint Eastwood together w/ Morgan would be interesting!! I'm waiting!!
my dad is probably the most accurate, on-time person ive known
Those are awesome! Exactly what I'd expect from a "rock 'n roll" chef.
Why is it no matter how many announcements are made, someone is always still on the 2nd floor after closing announcement
Artists depend upon their fan base to continue making a career of their music!
My son also has a CHD. He has TOF.
LOL!!! Ok ok my ushers give tissue too! LOL
I feel high AF rite now in science class
hahaha well, should have written "if you want to feed your hunger", not quench it ;-)
Being called beautiful will forever make my day (((:
Happy birthday to the two loves of my teenage life, and
Aaron Rodgers was ranked #1 on the NBC sports' NFL top 100 players list this year. Tebow gets my vote.
First book draft = 150 pages, single-spaced. 7 chapters. Over 85,000 words. Contains all the experience from the past decade of my life.
that's all u can do
“My favorite poem is the one that starts 'Thirty days hath September' because it actually tells you something.” ~ Groucho Marx
and I actually do like the lakers.. And text me
Your faith was strong but you needed proof
s/o to How you been? Let's chat soon.
Lost my dear friend Charlie Prazma to a heart attack 2day. Most talented guitarist and kindess person. A true loss
I love that one! Used it last on new years. I need to bust it out again! Thanks for the reminder :)
Why must you be so dang cute? #Crushin 😁😉
thnx for the shouout. hope to see you at
What we on for the summer???
I guess he doesn't care anymore either.
And it is so! High life and some lake front beer!! For our #mondayfunday sausage!
Thanks to you as well! Of course we play GoW3! Is that your favourite game?
need more bronco research. Qb interesting choice 6'7" and has an arm.
does that stuff stil exist?
Tell me what it ain't or what it is, I can handle it.
Salad? This word is not computing...
who are some of you're favorite bloggers?? =)
#RumpusRoom T-minus 2hours and counting till #beer dinner so looking forward to it.
why are so many people tweeting me? im not cody :p
I can wait a hour
if we send chevy's and fords they could have a huge demolition derby & charge admission -Gladiator style and raise capital that way!
Hm widespread thunderstorms, guess canoeing on the Potomac with is not the best idea ever:(
A moving single-lane closure WB Beltline from I-39/90 to Fish Hatchery Road from noon to 2 p.m. for emergency maintenance work.
hey how old Betty white
The Blake story about Tom shoes impressive and inspired. eCommerce is everywhere.
Thanks! You are so kind!
#TigerBeatLovesASW All The Way (:
Insomnia plus very sick to my stomach. Awesome.
thank you for following :)
everyone will be too drunk to care.
Pair the flicks and snacks: homemade blackberry vodka, homepickled onions, BBC Pride & Prejudice, Terminator 2.
I never noticed ..but The Hunger Games copied Julius Caesar the names..
Well, I’m officially under contract for book number two! This time around I’ll be taking a look at the First Battle of Deep Bottom. Woot!
holy crap I get the shakes everytime I see that infomercial. Takes all I have to NOT buy it! On Wii-BRILLIANT lol!
Suck it Laker bitches
Mid-century Modern Lucite Vanity Bench 2124Used Mid-Century- benches for bedroom
have you ever tried 5th street diner? Are they any good?
what's your name lil mama
Sounds great. Do you have anyone doing the marketing, distribution, promo, design, accounting for the release?
Man, estate sales, no matter how awesome the stuff, are totally depressing.
do you a problem with the way I live my life?
Fallow me on twitter ;)
Who wouldn't want to read a stoner comedy novel about illegal immigration starring an overweight DJ named Juan "2.0" Gomez?
Padgett: How can students use these resources in a way that doesn't replace reading the text?
well stfu then punk ass
At Walnut Room to see
not at all. Everyone always remembers their first.
RIP Steve jobs
Do the good guys really finish last?
I'm amazed by how tender God can be. Supremely powerful, yet shockingly gentle.
#ColtsTeamDocsVIP contest about to close more than 20 entries already some great photos!
haha i forgot i was logged in as us and i accidentally followed ur friend instead of u at first
bout to see wat it do
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson <3 so glad he saw the TT :) we cant wait to hear the new album! :)
you took an important first step! Keep going, you will make great progress :)
gettin to this music was good bro
fyi: the comics are showing up as broken images on the site at the moment
There's no place like the Westminster.
I seriously wish I could be call to juror a case, if nothing else I would get great material for a 21st C court drama... a la Carlos Manuel!
#ILove5GaysBecause they always make me happy :)
Freezing my portuguese balls off! What happened to the weather?
we run a teen girls group! They're a lot of fun. Here's our website, it may help until we get the blog up...
My Team "The Fresh West" will be performing at Club Carnaval in Pomona, October 19th (Wednesday). Free entry under my guestlist. +21 andover
my love text me :,(
Yum! sounds good!
is amazing.
We will always be remembered. By someone out there. We are all special to someone.
Found my password again Im in LA for the week next week I will be in Ny then Miami until Christmas major meeting and running around to do .
I AM THE ONLY WASHINGTON CAPITALS FAN IN THE STATE OF MASSACHUSETTS. Prove me wrong.
#EBSCO is finally back up again.
Social Distribution - will redefine the market. Want to play a part?
Hello there. I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Much love. I also speak Portuguese. :-) Dr. Spanish
I can't do anything without somebody tagging me or putting my picture on Facebook. It's irritating as fuck!
Today I am a sponge
im hoping she still be bending ova for ya by the time u got that, and she was and im great :D
With the 211 pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Johan Santana
Senior Programmer Analyst – Orlando, FL 32802 | Veredus Orlando
Instagram is acting so dumb rn
Getting ready EVilla Saturdays w/ DJ Chris Brooks rocking great dance music. Chill music upstairs. Yep! 2 floors of music! Hookah!
The joys of cleaning! “: just found a $10 off coupon - cleaning your room really does pay off!”
I'm really looking forward to Christmas.
i always like reading your quotes
A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street. — Doug Linder
Shooting a gymnastics tournament the next three days.
It's sad. Lots of creative people that want to get out there can't. I wish I could help them all. The world would much prettier if I could.
no kidding! is it going to become a Brett Favre story at start of every NBA season.."is he coming back one more time"
Who Has Kik Messenger?(:
Actually the word is "Experience" ... Excellent pres by
I was considering there...they're pretty expensive though, I thought.
Gonna live my life like a rockstar from now on.
like spine boarding and concussion mgmt stuff??
we are smoking right now, come?!?!??!
Man people r hilarious nowadays
LOL Hey loll
Why do people try to get you to sign a petition/joing a cause on LinkedIn? I thought it was for work/networking only.
I would LOVE to come tonight, but we have a kid/school thing. Next week definitely!
Thanks so much for RT!
Crazy thick afternoon fog here in Chicago, due to interaction between 90F heat and Lake Michigan. All beaches closed.
We like 'swanky'! Thanks! RT : Swankiest hotel choice we could have made. Night club starting Wed? Awesome.
show me the nicest girl in the world and i'll show you a guy that's tired of fxxking her
I forgot my password for this twitter im on my phone rite now i never logged out follow me at my new twitter!
More $$, but 30 yr lease. RT #Vikings will be asked to contribute $477m for stadium...more than they wanted.
Music wit a concept Big Reese "Deadbeat Dad" drops on Fathers Day
Some co-workers are watching the inauguration on the TV in the lunchroom. I prefer to watch it on the internet, where it's more futuristic.
gee i knew i wasn't going to get a ticket :-(
And yet we don't prioritize #a11y as a showstopping priority when building access to our resources.
what time will it Rio designer be announced? Special interest with Doak here at Denver's CommonGround
because you will see great results, keep up the hard work! I'll be joining you soon w BBL! Did you get #Shakeology as well?
Hi everyone, remember it's Day LIght Savings tomorrow! Make sure your DVR has been set to update for the Day Light Savings time change!
Don't forget about the meeting! See you in Ballentine at 6:30!
Sorry about the mix-up on the #gloverlover prize! An autographed copy of the Weirdo CD will be heading your way!
There better be a video of this craziness!
So excited to see #Learn2Bmbt and be in the Tweet Seats!!
Thanks Tom, we can't wait to get you a stage! 7 days to go!
Ready for a True Blood marathon with Natalie! Yes!
Yankees win!!!!
“: I love how you act like gym class is the Olympics. It's so inspiring.” this sounds like ! Haha!
Looking to buy the Playmobil set #4403. New. Anyone ?
it's like the butterfly effect.
yeah you ain't that crazy lol
Had a great night meeting with energized voters in a community on ColoSpgs west side. Many new supporters joining out team!
Hello how are you on today. This is SOLO XQUZIT saying hello
i love you too ;) but seriously...
they are good arent they?
Awww ill be there in a little :) RT : At sofis school- Mothers day breakfast<3 <3
probably get replaced by some reality show #gagme at least it is
#iJustLoveItWhen someone cooks breakfast for me.
Because that's the guy to listen to.
Tweet of the century. RT : I think watching or hearing about football today is not good for my heart.
well said
Now this is really pretty:D
how did you work your way into Armstrong... come back to Duq. where we also close most things before 10 :-)
The Mobtown Ballroom would like to officially denounce everyone competing for the republican presidential nomination.
Saturday and i dont got nothin to do :'((((
probably got the guitar stuck and can't get out.
I love soccer. But common man watches poker to see how pros play their hands.
Exactly. Glad I'm not alone! RT : Agreed!! Also, I'm constantly correcting people that a proper ellipsis is 3 dots.
Oh, you're mad.
Happy Birthday to my queen! I love you Momma J!
haha!! even closer to my house..we go to Jens fairly often! : )
We turnin up
Bubbles knew what was going on!
thanks. We missed you
Rain, rain, go away... Summerlin Art Walk is this weekend!
I'll follow you with sparkles so it looks like SPACE!! 😍😍
You're welcome :) Looking forward to seeing you at the class. Did you notice the updated location?
“: when will our Drunk History be aired?” Can't wait until "the cross" goes public.
No worries. :) What sort of writing can you do/do you want to do/will write for food? :)
i agree with everyone else roy was mr clutch!
well done
Got any models of Renewable Porfolio Standards (RPS) in the States stand out in being most effective?
Check out the latest website developed by Ascedia through the beCause Program: Selectabilities.com and join your community!
Happy #EarthDay Denver! Now get outside and enjoy it!!
#hiring Outside B2B #Sales Reps in the #Tampa & #Vero Beach area 1+yrs. quota driven sales exp. send resumes to !!
saw it. Pretty good!
now a new report says there was a winning ticket sold! Oh well, have fun on your cruise!
!!!!!! I hear you're headed home
Yes!RT : Why is visual studio support for powershell so rubbish? Vs express should be a core tool to any win admins.
Is that the same as "I"? RT : You could be generous and round them up to a solid "F" from a "Not Even Worth My Time".
Ill make it erp n jerp.
Right?! So is my music go listen :)
Great blog - keep up the good writing and sharing!
R u going to be at affiliate summit? RT : I have been in the dating space for 12 + years
i know i'm sposed to be on politics but jim just asked chrissy to marry him on love and hip hop... collective aww.. now back to iowa
"( no phone call yet
Thanks! Nice to meet you!
U aint hear he got the job as a butt pirate RT : appreciate it, how yo gig treating u
My favorites singers are Selena Gomez and Demi Lovato and Justin Bieber
who is ray bates?
#Caponization is swiftly becoming a lost art.
Sending up major prayers for the sick and shut in....
Ths Class About To Be Over !
bout next week?
Hearing bout all this dre and snoop secret performances makes me hope they bring pac out!
The video will likely be up soon lol
Can't lie. Got a little teary-eyed when he threw out the first pitch this year at Yankee stadium
Cheering on FH Boys & Girls Club 'youth of the year' James Grubb FH High School Senior at Scottsdale regional evening.
In ATL on my way to FL. Flight slightly delayed, but so far, so good!
Team RI vs Team NJ tonight at 1130pm at Winner moves on to the finals during the LA Imrov Fest
The Royals have won two in a row!
The new season of Punk'd looks fooking sick! Mad props, bro! :)
Thanks so much! =)
saying hi To My New Followers -
yo hit me up ha
Sounds like another smash. Keep 'em coming!!
Thanks for RT love.
i accept obi-no hedgehogs
just like at tumbling! :) "we can eat bacon together!"
follow me ?(:
Follow me back
Not enough sleep and I'm tired, too much sleep and I'm tired... Should I just give up sleep altogether? Or become a zombie? Decisions...
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goals. -Sydney Smith
I am crying in this movie! Seriously what kind of person could own a slave or Abuse someone because of color! We are all equal! God loves!
between that and your drunken dance moves... Ow ow
Steaks on the grill with while watches.
thank you so much to everyone who came out to the show tonight.. we had such a fun time. Love you!
Running at a slower pace at the start of your workout/race allows muscles and joints to warm up & gives you more energy at the end.
Supporting new music to the SCENE is essential to the life of MUSIC! Cd Palmer
Did you receive the holiday voxbox from ? What did you think about it?
Membership w/ finally complete! Next up advertising () I rec'd ur msg....Thanks. Will be in contact :)
Headed to UNCG today for our 3rd college tour of the week
Thanks for the link. Depressing, but damn I want some of those sweaters.“: Is your Target all out of Missoni? Check ebay."
asap rocky for president
Aye yoooo Dont forget. This Sat. 9pm Is the kickoff show for on 60mins of Clubmusic.Hosted by
celtics just did the damn thing... all up on some philly butt.... time for denver to turn it up and dig in on the lakers
Bye bye Memphis....
A promise is comfort to a fool...Don't promise me shit!
Run Away - is stuck in my head!!!
you've been so productive today, haven't you… lol time to start a new series!
lol no not really...
To me, some of these twitter DM scams resemble "hey kids, come on over into my car to get some candy" Really people??
that's right you need someone that's heading in the same direction and not apart.
Just RSVP'd 2 attend Norman Buckley Q&A @ my favorite acting teacher's plc. Wed.4/14:30PM Two Lights Studio.Luv h/sis 4 long time!who knew
That is so awesome, Amara! Haha. Congratulations!
Flies be trollin' in the deep. xD I think they hide in my posters or something and appear when I least want them.
Thanks for following me!
ah fuck..why am i so dumb like honestly
Goodfellas... Space Jam... Star Wars... Office Space... Hawks game... Too many decisions!
I usually hang out with older guys cause they're impressed when I can name all three three amigos.
oh thanks, ok. I will email it to you.
Good morning twit peeps giving thanx to the creator for another day in this realm now it's time to get on my grind
im home already duh wbu?
"just been workin' out 3 times a day. no big deal. yeeee"
follow him today
"You're never alone with a Smith & Wesson." Keith Richards in the early 70's.
So tired of this cough!
Still reeling from my grandmother's funeral where I met brothers and sisters I'd never seen. Same blood such different lives.
Finished Ben Winters "The Last Policeman" and can't wait to share it with everyone!
Gonna go and pick up my Sammy.(:
Watching the
Happy birthday MOM. Enjoy ur day
A wonderful book, cup of tea, and a cold rainy night makes for a wonderful night.
Cake cake cake
Tell! Tell! RT : I can think of 4 companies in Boston now, that if rolled up into one, would complete dominate
haha that was me, not him!
In the studio bout to get it in
No free music today matches getting a triple Clash album for $8.99 with full-sized lyrics poster
#20ThingsAboutMe Im a faithful person when it comes to my relationships.
I don't think the media should be in the feting business. Least of all because they're not good at it.
I think if it was possible Niall would marry Nandos.
Gonna be a whole new me. Sunday= Shopping day with my friends :D <3
Thanks Sean! Much appreciated!
"We can wipe out the law with a license agreement - make sure we wipe out the law in a good way." speaks much truth!
Hey you , hows biz/life
Derby 1224 w webster coming soon! Just finalized kitchen and bar layout. 36 taps!
Elizabeth Chamberlain
Designing the Jack Rabbit 60x96 Clamshell with heat for a special cutting and sealing application for plastic corrugated.
Im choosing to work because this child is MY responsibility, no one elses. How dare I use others like that?! I won't!
#2 was hot also.
because your body knows it us peaceful, just give your mind a moment to catch on as well;)
12/28/2010 Blogs and Purchase Decisions [CHARTS] Penn Olson Blog
Saying "hasta luego" to tonight. Lots of good work done this week. These new tunes will show growth and depth.
any caps fan saying racist things about ward, hand over your #Caps fan rights. You just lost them.
NEW SATURDAY SPOT! "CLUB ALLURE" 2224 ELM Downtown!3 Levels w/ 3 Different Vibes!BEAUTIFUL NEW CLUB!
that's kinda what I was figuring!!
amen. “: Today like most days I am thankful for group messages with and ”
And has more than five times the followers that I do. Consider me humbled.
Our love for BTR is endless.<3
Oh well
BIG thanks to our friends from Wells Fargo #Sacramento for volunteering today!
also no a man
Interesting b/c I heard the CEO of GM answer a question about GM support 4 Heartland last week and it was clear he wasn't a fan
good look on your tweets my dude! people like you are helping this city out! thanks
WW Week has drifted right ward, but it started as a lefty rag.
I'm touched by comments to win your book on my blog. I'd love to give all a book. Thank you again! You're blessing many.
thx. Some of those international ex students may very well be older than u.
RT: “: Very sad news about death of Adam Yauch of Beastie Boys. RIP.”
I will be taking a break from Twitter for a little over a week. I'm going to some place else. Later. :)
Holtzman: remember that we try out these new technologies to empower, not to alienate. He asks how do we make sure the gap is small?
vinyl is and always has been where its at the best form of music The music game has been screwing themselves for a while
And that's why my google pic is a cyan-tinted MRI of my brain.
Voted "Best Free Air Conditioning & a Movie." Jury Duty. I'm already bored. My short attention span should do wonders for me today.
God will make a way out of no way.
Preparing my travel itinerary to Bahamas, in late August 2009, for a beachwear competition.
Quote of the Day: We love dogs because they show us how to live with utmost simplicity - Erica Jong, via
Phone=no battery. Me:"NO YOU WILL STAY ALIVE UNTIL I WANT YOU TO DIE."
Thanks! Can't wait for your second book either though. Read it one sitting. Couldn't out it down.
Being a pansy ass.
Rudy gay play like a lil bitch
watching nick @ nite
Thanks for showing respect for our IBEW brothers and sisters this day as well!
RT : Marion Barber, who made $26M despite no 1,000 yd seasons, has announced he will change his name to "Thank You Jerry."
: Thanks for the RT! Hope your week’s going well!
Dear Bronchitis, this just isn't working out for me. I'm sure you're really sweet, but you've moved too far too fast and it's uncomfortable
Playing my last two hour set on the Promenade in 10 minutes in front of the food court. Come eat McDonalds and jam with me!
A hundred hearts would be too few to carry all my love for you.
Happy Anniversary!
we will. no doubt in my mind. i like going crazy with you.
in NM org, family is defined as people living together sharing their lives. No other descriptors...cohabitating but that's it.
Spicy Chocolate flavor brightens even the darkest of days! A little chocolate, a little spice ...a lot of nice!
love you ST
Regeton < one of the reasons I hate cuban parties -_-
ha! i would either way. (:
If I can convince myself to clean the kitchen and living room, I will be allowed to sew. First cleaning, then sewing.
Damn & it's bad enough this is on a school day which you happened to miss. I wonder if your mom is gonna think that's the (c)
yay! Perfect weather for the wedding! “: Houston forecast: Breezy, beautiful weekend ahead: It is going to be a breezy, beautiful .."
“: They be talking some dumb shit!”
You've got anger issues.
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science. Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955)
no thank you !
can't sleep. too ready for a weekend in vegas
Off to PJ's first piano recital!
There isn't enough emphasis on problem solving, critical thinking, and writing. Profs don't assign much writing.
I will most likely be busy writing a book, I'm afraid.
Plus, I'm not bikini ready yet. :) RT: “: That's always good. :)”
That Powerade commercial got me to giggle.
Consider your origins: you were not made to live as brutes, but to follow virtue and knowledge.~Dante Alighieri.
It ended up clouding over, but it didn't rain on us!
I'm starting a new job next week and could not be more happy about it.
you got to send me some music fam
Everyone and There Great Grandmothers are at the Mall
Got a lot done today. Sixth Block, I will own you.
Just curious: is there a law against naming your kids Senator or Governor or General, etc.?
This # nuggets team really makes melo look bad with efforts like this
OF COURSE.
"prohibit from requiring"=council not allowed to require (w/exceptions)=far different than ban.
Congrats to Ali - she got the tix to Sugarland tomorrow in Toledo...Canaan Smith is opening the show (wish I could go)
Just wait until Hannity finds out about this Jeremiah Wright story.....He ALWAYS knew there was MORE to this !!!
Yes! I have huge Prezi envy!
Only in Australia. A guy has brought a Lama with him (on a leash of course) to Starbucks :)
why don't they just jump? Never understood that.
Who's heading to Funkshion Fashion Week Miami Beach?
I want a gay best friend.
good morning.. wish you a fabulous one..
Love is like a booger. You keep picking at it until you get it, then wonder what to do with it. ~ Unknown
Venus and Mars.
can u ask her to play in traffic?
I can not wait till the summer. I'm gonna have so much fun!
" I love you Dawson! "
Love it! We love meeting fans. What a fun game and the fireworks were awesome. Happy weekend!
What is on Christina Aguilera's head??
T minus 15 to feat'g our very own Morgan Hartman! Live taste #saketips + more!
Thanks to everyone who helped support at the !
how is kool and the gang fags
Yeah I have to take chemistry so I'll be in buffalo! Don't miss me too much
he's just not spectacular and everyone else is better.
we stand corrected :) thanks for spotting that!
Riders be safe.
Raise your hand if you cried during the #DesperateHousewives series finale
Willie Mays missed 270 games in his prime by joining the Army. For every career stat he accomplished, he could have done even better.
too bad im gay ;D
Active Health Chiropractic - We realize that Chiropractic Care is new to many, so we will spend time with explaining what we do and why...
The Predators open up the second half with a scoring drive, a touchdown pass from Roper to Forse. The score gives Orlando a 48-18 lead.
I SPEAK FA' THE DEAD POET SOCIETY "PRESEVED!!!!" THEY WALK W/ ME!!!!
what the hell am i doing?
My review of Heather Murray's "Not In This Family" (, 2010) in the J. of the History of the Behavioral Sciences: bit.ly/nN7JJV
Looks what happens when you're in the air for two hours. Tebow gets traded and Sean Payton suspended for the year. Wow.
Everything is a foul
Perfect excuse to listen to the '98 #Cabaret revival on repeat :)
Chop It Up & Screw It....
hahaha that is awesome. and don't pardon the language!
is on with us right now discudiscussing her book! && we surprised her!!! radiokolamerica.com
An bhfuil #Gaeilge agat? I'm learning Irish at Notre Dame and would love someone to tweet with! Please respond! Go raibh maith agaibh!
Ever wanted to tag people in your database w/ a searchable snippet of info that you don't want in a user field? DM for more info.
Watching cow and chicken, XD
companies are people my friend. Sorry, couldn't help it. Love your tweets.
thanku so much 4 following me...
I tried to buy an xb12 two weeks ago. Got no love from the dealer :(
Critics already giving props to
Happy Birthday
Radar is my dawg
I'm going to their show in like 2 wks in la
LeBron James is finished writing his autobiography. Unfortunately, we will never read it since he still needs a title for it.
Big ups to ! Be on the lookout for big savings with and in the upcoming weeks!
it ruled. Excited for single player
word.. saw that.. #holygeez sounds like a party
do you guys wanna start doing trivia at Blackthorn
Yea, Biggest article on the front page. I'm holding back on the twitter but please, CMF is a big deal to many of us.
Anyone know of any good #XML tutorials? I'm getting a little option paralysis traveling the interwebs.
Cheap wine tastes like sangria...but they didn't mean to make sangria. But it's still booze.
On March 3, 1882 Helen Hunt Jackson arrived in San Diego
big congratulations to you and !!
Sampling #Bossypants at my sister's recommendation. Random choice for a med student with no interest in entertainment. Did you like?
Late Night Thoughts
Santa is in Nuuk, Greenland right now ;D
We are heading to OT here at the X! Breck and SSP locked in a 2-2 tie.
back from a run; pace of 9min miles isn't bad in this heat.
Chilln wit sum indians
well now that my bracket is ruined (#bracketbuster), time to sleep then head to cleveland for OSU vs. UTSA and G.Mason vs. Nova.
"Looks like S is BSing as B"
We probably passed each other on the road! I'm flying back to Indy out of Houston on Sunday.
I will try again... Thanks... Make sure you look at Socrative. Very cool!
After trying to make this dough into a perfect, even circle I just want to say that I love people who professionally make pizza.
PLU president says time is right for his retirement
I was giving out my grad part invites, Abe everyone thought it was a reggae concert flier...
Thanks for the #FF!
let's go for a walk.
Looking for a good #Photoshop tutorial...been a few years & I was never design focused. Suggestions?
let me ask some fellas you ever had a girl that was so right and when it went all dark she showed to the light and if they ask if she bad u
Thanks, Martin - have a great weekend
Sorry!! That's always a rough one!!
IDK but I got some free coupons in the mail.
Email sent... and yes, I'd like to be part of your next private beta.
Turn To You is perfection!
Just woke up from one of those really long sleeps that occurs from being in a place where you don't sleep, Las Vegas.
Omg the awkward moment when my best friend found out im half white ahaha dat was so funny
Headed to LA without my card.
virtual coffee would be about 100x better than most coffee in this land.
we have tons of great things coming up so get ready to gobble up some fun!
Prepared to have a sick summer break.... Houseboat is ready
Man, I'm so thankful for what is happening in my life right now.
Lol RT : BITCH I'LL BURN THIS MOTHERFUCKAH TO THE GROUND NOW WHERE IS IT? Sir, calm down, your toy is under the McNuggets.
This seems like a game the Clippers are missing Billups. Off shot making alone.
remember the time i said i was going to the movies, and you wanted to come too....
My sister comes home tomorrow ! Cheer practice bye ♥
what's the link, GOOBER?
I'm with you on that one. The freezing just started recently but its pretty bad.
Anybody doing any interesting digital citizenship activities in their class? Suggestions?
weird ass nigga
I aint got nothin on him ...
Everything always magically appears when your wife looks for it.
It's National Blueberry Pie day! Use for a deelish #glutenfree crust! Good morning!
A special friend of mine died from cancer yesterday. The world lost one amazing lady and my heart breaks for her kids.
you love it
we will laugh uproariously into our beer
So, I think all the Ohio Mahomies should all buy tickets then split the money for a big bus to pick us all up an drive us to new York! Haha
Great Information Rolling Stones Unveil Array of Vintage Unreleased Material for ‘Some Girls’ Release NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The
Nah dude
LOL this girl is really annoying. *presses un follow button*
You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new. ~ Brian Tracy
Also thanks to -Brit
When you go to oak cliff Walmart always expect to see someone you know :) lol
"You must give up the life you planned in order to have the life that is waiting for you.” – Joseph Campbell
that's great
DS: lol we rest a little in the offseason. Tweet other sports from personal acct's. We'll do the schedule & draft though.
So I'm seriously considering teaching American kiddos overseas...but it's for 2 years eeeekkk! :-/
Some people wake up for a midnight snack. I wake up for a midnight tweet. If Ethiopia could see me now..
Saturday workouts are suppose to be easy.
You deserve it!!!
Pants off dance off?
Five UFC Fighters Who Stayed in the Game Too Long: a Fan's View
My friend and I are buying your poster right now! Im so excited! Follow me? (: ♥ ♥ ♥
Gotta love half days at work. Hello weekend!
Purple be my favorite color.
"It doesn't matter if you look like someone famous...because one day they're going to die."
Yikes. Lazy 1 for me...different reason. Will have to HULU 30 Rock so I can see my husband cuz I missed it.
Ok, you'll be there before me. Get the sheet and stuff.
you smellin all those old people shittin on themselves..(:
These gas prices Are ridiculous!!
Even if you're right you're still a little bit wrong.
Going to see tomorrow. Fun.
I think Arena has done a pretty rad job of that.
hey whats up!
can u request me on facebook
I don't like when people have a perfect smile but they never smile in pictures , I wish I didn't have braces :B
Heading out from the hotel in Montreal. Back on the train... Until 1 AM.
I just can't do it. I'm from Portland. I have to root against the Lakers forever or my children will be cursed by Portlanders!
In a year full of #1s by Adele, Fun, and Gotye, Rihanna needs to take back the Hot 100 because Katy Perry can only do so much around here.
I'm doing amazing!! How are you, you SEXY momma?
haha probably a safe bet. Ps good to see u this weekend slob
I guess
is THE TAKEN on netgalley or edelweiss? I've liked Petterson's other series
I had to leave! ): what did they say?
are you really that mad? -__-
Our artists are primarily from Austin, Texas region, however, our base of talented musicians is growing!
The trouble with life isn't that there is no answer, it's that there are so many answers.
Coming up next on the TJMS: Stephanie Robinson has your commentary! She's putting some purpose in the party!
that's what happened. Ha
www.myspace.com/xoticahollywoodradio (SNEAK PEEK 2 J RIMES NEW ALBUM HERE)! XP SOUNDWORKS PUBLISHING COMPANY 2010(c) RECORD LBLS FOLLW HERE
Hey Arthur!
“: VICTORIA SAID UR A ASSWIPE” what?
Experience Las Vegas MVP style!!! Special room rates for our Facebook & Twitter fans @ Caesar's Palace Planet Hollywood Paris Casino
I miss you both also!!!
John Riley: "You are a brand. You market yourself through your actions, by being who you say you are."
Very glad you enjoyed my talk. Enjoy the reading & keep in touch!
proceed with some caution. Frenzy was Hitchcock's only R-rated film.
Fun thing to type in editing notes for the day: "Can we italicize 'cow'?"
HeartfeltOath 1. Answer my question. I don't recall doing anything to betray you. 2. Good for you. So you're single now?
Meatloaf will do anything for love, but he won't lose weight.
You complete me. RT : Sext: Eat all of the marshmallows. Burrow inside Blanket Mountain. Fall asleep watching Dr. Who.
Doubling of risk standard used in absence of non-epidemiological evidence. In re Berg Litigation, 293 F.3d 1127
#FF Happy Friday Everyone!
Thanks for the generous offer. I was able to get a hold of your ticket dept via phone & got a ticket. Thank U very much.
What going on James ?
lmfao wear darker shades next time! Lol
Good afternoon thank you:)! I hope you have wonderful and productive day...
Stock up on fruit! The pineapple's good right now! RT : Day 1 of no sweets. I am gonna be one cranky B.
Smh. Up way to early today.
Tail lined up for wed and thur...going out with pepe...maybe we will find mon and tue ha
RT Daryl Morey won't soon forget he cut Jeremy Lin. Scott O'Neil, MSG Sports prez, gave Morey a Knicks Lin jersey at
i just ate a light breakfast
Why does Budweiser advertise in a 60 second ad, the best part about Prohibition, 13 straight years without Budweiser?
#1DayTillBoyfriendVideo Justin Will Alwayn Be Our Hero Beliebers rule twitter!Others need to learn to live with that!
I think the bottom line is that social is not free because it cost to pay someone to do it, if you can't do it yourself
At one point we were thinking Jim Tressel was going to be th ...
"Very early in my life it was too late. It was already too late when I was eighteen." Why isn't there a bronze statue to Marguerite Duras?
How was the movie?
I hope the next FDP convention is somewhere fun--like a destination casino in Miami. #Disney=epicfail
happy birthday Ms. After School All Stars is a great program more people need to be aware of. Check it out.
Why did all of my followers and people I'm following disappear?
Feeling a little vocab challenged this am. Just learned I've been saying a word wrong my whole life.
yo! Thank you for the soda! Holla!
ok ill hit Ur phone if I come
my mom said I sleep too much. little does she know, I get like 4 hours -__-
#9 Mahoney's, Magazine St - New Orleans, LA
$1500 for a show can u afford a date?
Do you know someone that needs help paying for their medicine? Rx2you Co-Pay Assistance might be the answer.
please follow im a grander
Standing next to Tommy Chong in Starbucks. He's wearing a weed themed sweatshirt.
And, I need to poop.
& he got that get right , & showed me that act right (; #feelin'him
I want a little puppy or kitty (: so bad.
you know what happens when you wear happypants? You do a happydance! :)
oh my god! That's me haha
No it's the blessed goat's fault :)
Do it!
my cousin goes there
great analysis about abc's new sked. pretty spot on with how I feel.
Business pages very slow going on Google+ right now says
Happy Holidays, people of Twitter!
my brother used to work there!
haha! Yeah he does! speaks Urdu and I speak it a little bit. My dad and his dad can speak Urdu together. Haha!
English lit and drama, mmu, mmu school of theatre, central, and drama centre
RT : Yall don't wanna miss this next blind audition!!! Tune into NOW!!! Trust me :)
Tough question. I've seen both done well and poorly.
I'm gonna take a shower because I'm into that shit
Dave Obey says Democrats not being united in recall efforts against Walker "would be equivalent of a suicide pact."
Anybody know about Roxio easy vhs to dvd converter? I'm having problems.
Writing column on raised gardening for wheelchair users. Ideas/personal experience? Chi. Botanic has a public raised one does Milwaukee?
": And last but not least congrats #LaFamilia" // and there its your connection
I know is running it!
school was great today we broke the world record to day against watertown high
Gentlemen, there is a reason. Because it's acceptable. My straight marriage is not undermined by this at all.
Food and drinks!
you're as welcome as you are lovly..and you are VERY welcome
I'm sure there is no booze in that box ;-)
whoa there Schwarzenxgga
It just occurred to me just how bad a football weekend PA is having. I'm only reveling in Steelers loss - this Penn State story is sickening
aww lol don't scare the children.
I hate sharing with all these dickriders who found out about him AFTER Take Care.
go download or buy his album - CARELESS WORLD - RISE OF THE
As of today it's now and 's sports desk to run and we're all sure they'll do a great job.
How can we affect change in our government and foundations to support better reps of women?
lol im not makin my comment.
hello from Columbus Ohio thanks for the follow hope all is well :-)
Ha! Splendid idea. What shall we call it? Toast to Go. Toasty Wheels. Pain Grille Pour Vous. The options are marvelous...
sorry baby :/
Singing with your headphones on and not realizing how loud you are.
Monopoly Ent. Moving Forward with "El Secreto Project!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great to meet you in real life today -such a gentleman - my followers and I are all watching #COUGARTOWN tonight!
"Believe in yourself. If you don't, then no one else will have a reason to" ~John Di Lemme
Recorded 8 new dope songs with The Mind Creatures!! Can't wait for everyone to hear it!
Hey check icon and how many followers if that's ok??
Lets go to a swim meet lets go
Hey sexy, now following you!!!
We need bands at Johnny B's in Medford, holler at us if you can help!
Now, the media circus will begin around that case.
Do umps suck or what?
Tried to read what had to say about but was sadly stopped by the paywall. Getting free opinions elsewhere now
you're welcome!!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 37
For sure, and thanks as well. I'm out for now, editing the second book, take care dudette :)
#social46 QT : Anyone know what's going into old Crawford's space on Capitol? Hope they don't mess up the building..
I just ate an allegedly delicious butter mint that turned out to have orange jelly filling so now I'm contemplating suicide.
I haven't done a song in double time in ages
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love.
Burning tornados win 2 nil today. Soccer parents getting serious.
When someone uses your bedroom as a bathroom and then says you're not his type.. What are you supposed to get out of that? WHAT A DICK!
Hit me up when you got a chance bro.
RT : Of the 218 people found, they had a total 281 emergency room visits in the last 3 months.
LOL! I have a great ring tone for calls from unknown numbers. It's called the "rejection ringtone!" :)
Goodnight alex!<3
Glad you enjoyed it! Great job in the noon class today too!
Nope, not famous haha...just once an Earlham freshman...woman
Tickets are replenished on Mondays @ 9am--including Memorial Day. So c'mon get Holiday World, Graceland, Outdoor Adventure Rafting tickets!
Me: you have pretty round eyes. Aj: and you have a ugly nigger nose. Me: you're so ugly.
Auditions Tonight at Gemini Theater for "Babes In Toyland." Call 412.243.6464 for information.
Pizza guy just told me good evening ... wtf its barely afternoon
Took a four credit Italian Class at CSN.... That rivaled the majority of my graduate classes.
Thank you for watching our first episode with Chef Chuck Subra of Episodes will be on our website very soon!
It's what the great ones do..LeBron should learn..
#FreshmenYearTaughtMe Stress nothing but Stress.
follow us so we can DM and discuss your design.
it is still raining.
McDonalds is providing the brew.
There is no one I love more than deldon
thanks everyonr! We're trying to get the word out! Hope we can be a part of your summer tour if you come up the coast!
'i can kinda picture your brother as an asian' - truer words were never spoken, thank you
“ Need all my followers to be safe tonight!”
Happy Holidays to all! Enjoy!
fun!! Its raining here so not much to do :/ FOLLOW MEE
Thank you!! If only the orb were that easy!!!
#nowplaying Monopoly.....wait a minute.
When Wendy texts you "she ratchet" and sends you a picture of you...... Love you to slut. -.-
night=P
Another 3 for #Mizzou. This is not looking good for the Jayhawks. If this beomes a 3point contest, Mizzou will win big.
thanks, I'm excited. and it's not just because of the coffee.
I LOVE not ONE DIRECTION SO STOP ASKING ME!!!!!
Let's hear it...first job you ever had? Go!
I mean
Big day today and ready for fun
Got it!!! Thanks! Look for it tomorrow...would you like the 5 or 6 am hour???
- - thank you for passing on in '10. You did him a favor. He's amazing on #Glee. :)
it was yummy
What about mentoring as a strategy for viral content production?
I'm rolling deep in 's #chevyvolt -so many buttons she needs a co-pilot
same here, come to america and hang out with me? Jaja
who ya goin with?!
Treat her like a queen, she'll treat you like a king. Treat her like a game, she'll show you how it's played.
Airport! Good bye Caracas..
The Mansion 8110 Springdale = Probate After Party
I'll be in Crandon, WI tomorrow. Come visit.
Mom & Dad Tried To Hide The Boys , I Swear That Just Made Em Want Me More
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 107
MyCSU was able to reach hundreds of students today at the Involvement Expo! Were you there? Reply and tell us your favorite part!
CLASSIC after school TV programming right there!!!!!!!!!!!!
Send them a creepy message, whoever it is!
lol you know today I chought my self singing endless love by you!!!!
Slow down! We're only going 35...
Meeting today of the San Diego Homeless Women's Task Force. Best Wishes to All!
Does anyone else find it weird that gin rummy is somehow not a drinking game?
Turn me on by Kevin little? Old ass song
Never mistake activity for achievement.
RT : Where is Rafer? Love Jameer, but the season is on the line here.
Lol. I suspect you have it too... :)
Sound super fun! What will you be eating for lunch?
It's #NationalCupcakeDay! What is your favorite flavor of cupcake?
I'm starting not to due to your lip
drunk :s
please don't be in love with somebody else ..
Lets get one thing straight I don't give a fuck about you never did never will! Never gave a fuck to what you said or what you did ! (:
Excited to sit next to CEO Jim Seay, gunning for a job to test ride roller coasters ;-)
yeah whats wrong ? :/
I'd kill Rosie Larsen for a donut right now
good ... You supposed to think highly of yourself but don't be arrogant hahaha
Dont wanna do work today. Ready to go home.
"would it be awkward if I stripped right here?" hahah
They tried to get rescued, gave up & worked to build a civilization. Over time civility fell apart & they then fell into chaos. (just kids)
They say scorpios r jealous? They spoke da truth cuz i get dat way wen my girl jam 2 hard too a niggas music.... Not all da time tho...
I don't see how people can stand to be around you
Woolard: This committee would just kick this problem down the road.
“: -- don't listen to Alex. He's jealous. I'm happy for you Queen C!
Jump in, jump out, jump in, jump out HERE WE GO!!!!! Lol
so if I tweet you 4 more times
Seriously, how can it be considered stealing when my neighbor’s Wi-fi signal was trespassing in my house? I’m the victim here!
Everything matters. Some things may matter more than others, but EVERYTHING matters. - adapted from Jim Rohn
Help us get the word out about our new anti bullying musical! wwe.thelovenote.com! Help us raise awareness! :)
Wrapped in a towel on twitter doe
We're finally rid of , and in between ISPs at the moment. Thankfully we're close enough to campus to leech off it's wifi.
Today feels like college football.
Desert Island folks: spend some time reading Techdirt. This is similar to talk about music industry, trade publishing.
I smell a #Smash promotional stunt.
"you betta tell em how I'm rockin mama"
Last shift at the rec! Yeah I'm on my phone. Crazy!
Scroggins sentenced to 195 years in prison. RT : Sex predator sentenced to die in prison
#imagine Harry in a boxer laying on top of you kissing your lips and he starts kissing your neck and then down down and down
Thank you!
Thanks for the info and hard work!
looks yummy. On the wAy to Vegas before Dallas renames itself Hotternhell
Ok... Will do. Maybe this wkd. And Carl if you are reading this, stay away from my niece! ;)
I don't get it.
My Heat boys need to stop playing around.
Aw, thanks.
Didn't you like that, Karl? really touched on something there. It's so important to know when its time to change things up.
hope you had fun and learned a few tricks. thanks for coming to the class!
My biggest challenge is focusing on myself and putting energy into creating the things I want, instead of trying to do it for my loved ones.
God Gave Me You..So Thankful For Someone Like You In My Life...You Was Made Just For Me
Utai!!!! ah keep it up Fellas!.
I think if you could somehow wrap that and send it, it would be worth it.
hey! How much salt in the updated recipe for the steak marinade? Putting it together right now. Thanks!!
Thanks for the retweet! Greatly appreciate it.
I'm looking for a refurbished on Amazon so I can get it by Monday.. but it's just so much money!
YAY!!! : Gimme a big huge #FISTPUMP if you can't wait for tonight's #JerseyShore premiere! That's right, it's #Jerzday!
RT : #MOMeo Tip: Work ON your business instead of in it! That means stepping beyond the day-to-day!
Google+ has their new look today. Another change to master!
Tonight and tomorrow I'm at the Ice House in Pasadena
Sunburnt :) Had an awesome day on the ocean, love our new boat!
#butyoucoppedthemjstho when you use a plastic container and shape it into a shoe and put a Nike symbol on it
We know from experience! ;) cc: RT : oh please... you packed that shit out..
I know! Are you gonna have to cut someone girl??! LOL
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to connecting.
My best friend just called me "Thick-Ums" =/
Raffle tickets 5$ each Or book of tickets for 20 $ »» for BRAND NEW IPad 3
BIG CHANGE to the fcst. HIGH: 54. Low clouds & drizzle push through from time to time. Some PM sun possible. Light rain tonight & Friday
I apologize for the recent myspace slacking that has occurred since tour. Comp is back up and running so keep those comments comming.
it's EVERYBODY
yeah toatally! .....that saturday is my prom....
same here!
Beautiful ball movement by the Mavs! Offense continues to look in sync....
Trying to get use to my track pad.
Where are you playing it, and with whom? I'm playing it as well, right now!
Wonder if will be at RBIA tomorrow
replied to me 96 days ago :^)
I spent a year in Senegal. Loved it. Love to talk about it. holler if you want details.
Aaw turtles, i woke up late:/
You gone 4get what&who your trying to text lol RT : Don't ever text mid smoking blunt...
went with a gift certificate to DiBruno's, a top shelf gourmet store in Philly, and it was a smash hit.
Special thanks to the United States Department of for sponsoring the #Green #Energy Summit in
Empty halls and gleaming floors. Life in #Tydings is calm before the storm.
Bullshit in the morning
Erbody want yo #bitch if or wen u got one
will u show ur love to ur fans by #RT this
Ugh I have been up for 27 hours. Oh well I guess I'll
watch for JR to make a run these last laps
QUICK!! Name George CLooneys best five movie rolls... NOW!
Working on the first episode of "shit girls say on road trips".
2day feels like 1 of them Fuck Everybody 4 no reason type of days!!!!!
Watching Victorious!
How is the hangover situation this am?
I'm tweeting Mini Marathon times for Troy Cockrum in real time on race day. Presented by OneAmerica
Do you like Latin girls? ;)
At 3-8 my kids are still buying in, still believe. Your players take on your personality, if you dont quit on them, they will not quit on u
New Belgium taping people's stories about fat tire tonight & nxt tue from 9-11 @ Goodfoot. Anyone who does has chance to win Fat Tire bike.
All marriages are happy. It's living together afterwards that is difficult.
yep! You have inspired me mrs meadows I wanna be a teacher like you someday. I find you as an inspiration :) #offtopic lol
It was almost like they had a clear sense of where I could/would go before I did.
Oxford comma or not? Why?
He had a big smile. Probably just exited Crazy Jim's Blimpy Burger.
last night was chill
Let's talk about this #foodcart in S.Waterfront, #PDX--Let's Eat Thai Food- $3 for 2 salad rolls the size of sm. burritos. Great lite lunch.
MT : Tech devices don't change edu - they can help - but they don't fundamentally change it. Change is about people...
Won one lost the other.. Can't win them all
thankyou so much - you do us a great honor!
who's on the twitter 1D account now?(:
Santonio has a ton of talent but has always been a jerk. Needs to grow up.
Hey, thanks much for the follow!
i always pronounced your name as 'air-riana grand' instead of 'ah-riana grande' whoops lol
That mouse is freaking me out.
RT Despite the challenges you may have faced, especially in today?s turbulent times, it?s time to prepare for a bigger comeback.
Listening to Joe Bishop discuss 21st century learners at
Apples and oranges have a similar molecular structure and you would be better comparing apples to rocks
well, if you ever tell people to go fuck their mom you coulda said if I wanted my comeback Id wipe it off your mom's chin :3
Made it through another day! Still going strong!
Hope you ejoyed it...cheers!
Downers Grove Location: $5 off spa services. Call today to make an appointment 630-434-9053!
thank you for entering our contest! Winners will be notified soon.
Sorry to see drop out of the race for mayor. He was a good addition to the local conversation, and a friend to cyclists.
Why ? 1. brand building 2. increased conversation 3. community creation
hurry ya ass. Lmao
AWE lol that's awesome i'm proud of my self :) and ur very much welcome ✌ ツ ☮☆●♫★♥☆♪ [◕‿◕]
lamb chops on deck for this weekend's special. yum!
RT : Just back from a stellar scouting trip to Charlotte w This is going to be good.
#shitmyparentsneverworriedabout How does a router work again?
Women have 2 sets lips for a reason: 1 set to argue with, the other to apologize with
yeah but when you express so much how you feel about someone there is always that one who thinks i can change that
one day I hope you notice me :)
What about jello salad?
Wrong info you have bro.
No, I didn't see her!
That's what's up
Trying to learn the lady gaga dance now ahha (: its hard to learn when your tired :p *FYI: VALLEY Doesnt suck!
Super stoked to finallt make it to today, doin the mac and cheese dance.
<3 sorry i suck but yeh get there so you can slang shirts.
Yankees or Tigers? Rangers or Rays?
