thank you!
an XNFX? That's cool, Im INXX
Awwe its ah Date"*
Natasha Sharma: Let's Talk About Inter-Minority Race Relations & Racism: Asian/Black Relations Mediated Through Hip Hop Culture
NFL Draft and free agency, MLB, NASCAR in Richmond
Wow... reporter asked a pair of women who left Obama speech if they were a "same-sex couple"... they weren't
Anyone need a dog walker or pet sitter? Have excellent references. Dog, Cat, and Horse exper over thiry yrs.
us & ur biggest fan all he do is talk about ur rhymes fam ! lol
lol cute u have a long as way for that bro
Thanks so much! There's lots more being planned, too. Stay tuned... :)
You know a CHUD? Please refer me - I have lots of business for him/her/it/whatever!
Thanks for the #Follow &
Great new Priorities USA Add that hammers Romney. Let's make this election about the Wallstreeter who said "corporations are people." #99%
Flashback Friday! Get that Throwback mixtape! You won't be disappointed. www.CalDashE.com
so many iterations. All wrong, and yes, obnoxious.
Omg I only have 2% battery left on my phone! D:
No matter where you stand in Michigan, you are never more than 85 miles from a Great Lake.
done and done!
Need prayer for my Mother today, thanks!
sure I can do that. Noon?
Trivia Night!
i dont know if I like my outfit I tried evrythng in my closet Nothng feels right when Im not with u sick of this dress and these Jimmy Choos
hey ben-are you getting my emails? Tech Audit awaits you....
All I wanna do right now is sleep.
Dear lord, Ted. That story was so beautiful.
No one types in urls anymore, they do searches, is your site Search Engine Optimized?
Perfect! RT : Thanks for the retweet! the speaker will be live-streamed so even online students can catch it!
are you going?
yes! Send it over on facebook!
and also an identity. Star power. We're getting closer no doubt.
you cant expect refs to be able to interpret intent! Defenseless player and no move on the ball... easy call!
Pizzzaaa *-* I want some.
does xpacfit have a twitter page?
haha you crack me up best friend <3
haha. it happens to the best of us.
enjoyed #Capitals thrashing of the #Lightning, it is really a holiday hangover if most of the players are foreign?
Benjamin Franklin was the fifth in a series of the youngest son of the youngest son.
Love it! RT : Liquid breakfast. Don't judge me
I'm up... cathyjnola.
Thank you for the RT!
sounds like they are too strong, or you have been wearing glasses for a very long time, try sitting in dim light for a min
Curious: have you ever spent time in a darkroom?
My soon to be nine year old wants a birthday party with your theme! How can i find birthday decorations with you on them? Help!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there. Thanks for all you do!
So there I was, in my living room working out last night ... my pants fell off. -.- Looking like a giant sweating idiot 30 mins a day works!
Let's go kick it at Bayland!
I'm tweeting so I can be cool like -
Now that's a nice view.
Chandler Jones? Does Syracuse even play football? Where are the numbers?
Under your bed pretending to be a Chinook helicopter.
watching "BMW: A Driving Obsession" on CNBC - awesome!
Stupid app is so stupid. Stupid.
.. and deep fried shit on a stick.
RT I've learned that controlling risk and having a sense of perspective are key elements for investing success.
Get your Nightly Themed Dance/Hospitality Playrooms ticket NOW for only $90 per cpl. Skip the long lines get yours for EXPRESS check-in
well thanks I feel better then;) I thought I was gonna have to kill him!
Can't explain how proud I am for these guys! Cool sweet guys. #Sanctuary :) miss you!
Navy defeats Oregon lacrosse, 10-9, in NCAA play-in game
oh yeah, ard.
Hey ; have a project you might be interested in! Please follow and DM for more details! Ciao!
na I was seeing who would respond:)
RT : MGK is salty about Coachella. Lol - u would b to if u deserved to b there
Get on UP! RT : get on the scene, like a sound machine.
actually was at tyson hollyfield ear b gone fight
As bad as I want to...I never can say goodbye.
Came home last night. Reid's great with her so far! Loves to hold her. Doesn't like when she cries or stinks. :)
Happy Friday! What are YOUR weekend plans?
week in the life. starting on the final push on the re-hab of our house new gutters, attic windows, patio, plantings. you?
my sistes stay doing that lol
Had a morning of quintescential DC. Historic Hay Adams Hotel, Lafayette Park, and a quick hello to the White House.
About to be lex Vegas bound shortly... Where da party at!?
: Online #poker has bipartisan support in Congress. Please back on Payroll, Unemployment & Medicare Committee!
We know Carvahlo Creative is working super hard! We can't wait to see what your up to next!
#SAYSOMETHIN oh yea
Doing an email marketing campaign for a small client. MailChimp or AWeber?! GO.
SO what! If Whitney was an addict Half Yall Imbeciles on twitter is dope addicts nobody gives a shit cause Bitch u aint important!..#UMad!
Now THAT is how you pack up at a business expo! 2nd one in line, 1st one out!! It's been nice, #BizExpo12! See ya next year!
I'm saying that in a theatre an artist can lie, build myth, or bend truth if he wants. It's not what I do, but it's his art.
you down with OPP ? hell fuck nah .
With the extinction of the Albertonectes, the chiropractic business was decimated for 65 million years
It's really not what happens to you but how you respond. Amazed at how fast God works when I hold up my end of the bargain.
Why are you so boring on THE VOICE? Get some emery & enthusiasm!!!!!
that works.
vice principal's real name is Chris Brown lols .
Thank god directv finally got their shit together and started paying FOX so I can watch that channel again
My friend : "With Stoudemire and Shumpert out, the #Knicks greatest weapon may now be the T-shirt cannon."
what's up lady! U good over there??
WEML??= water eats my laundry...?
NICK YOU DONT KNOW
#sschat : What makes an academic outreach program work? We are UC Classics are framing ours and we'd love feedback.
Wilde is all about jobs. Fiscal conservative. Didn't get much more from this debate on him.
so when will you be back in sa?
Lots of crazies in #Vegas libraries!
I believe it, I tried at lunch today and waited as long as I could until I had to go back to work :(
you are our very first follow~ Thank you!
#QuotesFromThinkLikeAMan Where to... DAMN look how small yo skirt is woo LOL
I'm talking you up to so many peeps in Baltimore people adding you from the #CGMD12 conference
not really. So so.
y did u change accountd
Terry&#39;s Blog: Service Learning Project Reflection
I love weekends, all the attractive girls come to Nashville over the weekend.
for starters im not goin...second I have no way to get backstage!
I'm mad too lol jk
aww you are soo cute:)) like your cat she likes biting you right? :)))
RT : Freedom of speech does not mean billionaires decide elections.
I just saw Blake Griffin's monster slam on Pau Gasol Holy Moly! If Jim was there to see that he probably would have shit himself
haha do I need to make a video and send it lol. Just do weightless squats, but jump with them :)
You know it! See you tonight :-)
getting tabacco stuck in ur teeth is not fun
Haha, gives the Home Run sign while trying to signal ground rule double.
Random, but not sure how I feel about Men in Black 3...
Orayen,who's being called the best part of the #MXpresidentialDebate was only on air for 18 secs but her tight white low cut dress was a hit
Bud tour yes please!
stood up for beliefs, without examining the consequences... Who cares if someone else has to live with your choices?
I can help you with that. If you want. ;)
can't remember what that was honestly, MERP
Do you want to try playing agian...
Right, but when can I marry this deep-dish?
I hadn't seen it--thanks!
Best line I just heard, "I'm like a gay otter, I blow dudes otta the water."
This is our first re-tweet from Indianapolis. Join us soon for #Indy's best gourmet pizza and #craftbeer:
": Stop wasting your tears on someone who doesn't care enough to make you smile."
I been ghost..busy busy busy
We're looking for a summer intern to help us with community management and Skillcenter content development. DM us for more info
noting much chillin
it is going ok I will be working more on it when school ends
Baby when the time comes dont run, just kiss me slowly. 💜
great meeting you too! The poster is AWESOME!! YOU rock!
I'm such a girly girl - love the soft, feminine pastels of the season 💗 at tjmaxx I can find it all!
Dodge Poetry kickoff was great with reciting 2 of his own poems! Go Mayor!
“: The moment when you see your ex again after so much time and it brings so many memories.”
You're very welcome! Love what you guys are doing, keep it up!
I AM PUTTING THIS IN CAPS LOCK SO THAT MAYBE , YOU'LL NOTICE (;
Thanks to my amazing fiancé, we have two extra Dark Lord Day tickets. Message me if interested.
Did you see the movie?
Praise Him.
Hey Lance. All videos have been processed at this point. We have no original on file. Would you mind uploading again?
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. - Will Rogers
As the defense to a trollish prosecution? Or vice-versa? (I can imagine you doing either, both.)
I wanna turn 18 NOW.
Earl Thomas had the 2nd highest Run Stop % for S at 11.4%. Teammate Kam Chancellor wasn't far behind at 9.7%
Life's hard man.
ima send u some stuff n a lil
headed your way tomorrow eve. Excited to check out Cary Street after 20+ years away.
Hello new followers!
i have to be at work early and i live an hour and a half away!
With 17% approval Congress is LESS popular than Dick Cheney was in 2006, right after he shot a dude in the face (18%).
thanx for the love..
This bitch brought a bag of hair....
I still have my own plans. Where's the number to your lawyer?
Thanks for checking for us fam, I'm also doing a Mike Treese solo album so its gonna be a good year! Its just expensive to D.I.Y.
Go to google, type in "Is it wrong" and see what it thinks you're going to type. Try not to puke
smh , we some lazy bitches .
" He gets more ass than a toilet seat " -
Hun...You're still on...I'm tweeting you from my phone as we speak...You don't tweet every minute.
If you're an 8th grader and think Bob Marley is your idol, I hope you get fucked in your ass.
Imagine if the Gestapo had Google. Now stop imagining. It does.
Please remember to check your email to confirm your subscription
Well that was dumb
I want to play keyboard like the guy who plays I Just Died in Your Arms by Cutting Crew. Reminds me of School of Rock
man keepin it low pro...bringing in the NEW YEAR with family...tomorrow night Im going to white wonderland
Mom and Dad are fresno bound this weekend! Yayy(:
Tribe 40 spice hummus rolled into Tofurkey slices tastes like wet cat food. Making nachos.
I can't wait to see u and Tank!!!!
I don't like seeing Mahomies fighting And calling Eachother names, We are a family . & in the end we are all here supporting Austin -Ally
Near death experience
Just sent in a proposal for my first Kickstarter project. Get your checkbooks warmed up.
Thanks for following! Hope to play there soon!
I see a visions, a good idea is an unseen vision.
Favorite eats while at #SCMS11? Po Boys: Roast beef - Parasol's Oyster - Parkway Bakery & Tavern "Peachmaker" - Mahony's
does love really ever last??
Thanks babe!
bahahahaha #takemebacknow those were some of the best days and nights of my life
RT : John Lasseter: started crying when Discovery connected to ISS & #buzzlightyear wasn't carried, but...flew thru dock
DD enjoyed her pizza with vegan cheese and olives at Brixx today. She also enjoyed my hummus platter...I'm hungry!
#NB Nas - Affirmative Action..... The Content & Lyrics Of This Song Is Sick. Foxy Killed It, They All Did!
": #GreatTimesAreComing to those who choose to have them." Exactly I choose #GreatTimes! Even better when watching #NitroCircus!
thank you :)) God helped me. It was one of the toughest semester that I had. Because through him all things possible:)
its cool i got the cab drivers # so now nigga go to sleep punk...
Yea we are (: #CertifiedCenaStalkers :P
Tiger Woods is to a monogamous marriage
I kinda felt like me going to Nashville is and will be the wrong thing to do. I was going to do it for fame and fortune. And
follow me please?(:
#iFollowBack maybe not right away but #iFollowBack! My phone won't tell me who followed so, ask and i'll #FollowBack! :)
JOIN US ON Saturday March 31st and Sunday April 1st for the first Compas Campaign WEEKEND OF ACTION. Contact .
I love being happy!< 3 (:
is starting to like hockey a little to much.
Across that is
I need to pray for patience cuz mine is running thin.
Purple penguin 🐧
No more baseball game tweets for me unless we end up watching the minor league team in Austin. At least tickets would be cheaper.
That's wonderful! Do u have any special recipes w/salmon??
Oh no, 8… used to wear my cowboy stuff.
As an American, I believe in The President, whomever is in office, even though America doesn't have time for The U.S. or its shenanigans.
“: #Youknowitshot when the lineman take their shirt off.” that's messed up! Haha
good idea!
houses & billboards? kind of perfect.
Make it Monday. Tell everyone -- it will be the most productive staff meeting in history
same here bruh. See you soon.
Done! Good luck!
Officially a teen. Yeah buddy!
Wow, Tom Crean sure likes to pace the sidelines.
I see sacred solidarity on the left and the right as the problem. Registered nonpartisan voter.
Good morning all! I'm looking for a QuickBooks Online bookkeeper who can work with my clients. Let me know if you are one or you know one.
im sending my party pants to the dry cleaner!
I am following them
say wha??? you need an assistant for this trek right? :P
What is ur favorite #WWE entrance theme music? Mine is CM Punks Cult of Personality!
I don’t have any scientific evidence to prove it, but from my experience, everything’s better at night. Am I right?
Or... RT : In situations that are difficult and challenging, patience helps maintain your will power and can sustain you.
it's been so up & down....warm & nice one day & now by this weekend suppose to get into the mid 50's again....
Well tonight kinda sucked, leggo 2012. New year new attitude. For the first time I'm just not gonna care.
Dear Friday Beer. I'm so sorry I've been neglecting you lately. It's not you, it's me. But I can change, I can be better, all for you. ;)
"Shit My Dad Says, by Jesus" would make for some good tweets.
Not only do men still make more than women but that man just interrupted that women to tell her it wasn't true on #Meetthepress #Condescend?
so excited to watch and get married next weekend! Love is in the air <3
Phillip Phillips is amazing and ever performance he does is perfect.
De nada! Always looking for good articles on small business exports
Looks great! RT : Please check out our updated Twitter Page
holy cow. I'm amazed.
Don't know what to make of some of these #Cavs trade scenarios. Not sure what CG's fascination with Marvin Williams is.
now following (well kinda lol)
congrats!!!!! Any plans to run around a baseball field during this one?
Are you familiar with ESRI, geo-medicine? There is a TEDMED 2009 talk. Might interest you!
Feeling nice
Thank you for your help in spreading the word on my position. Hope to meet you in person at our upcoming event.
Thanks for including me!
We are at game behind Sec.224. Come break and board and kick childhood cancer!
Braves vs. Rockies tonight at Hudson Grille! $3 WELL DRINKS!
~ I am LOVING seeing God create your platform! Go AMTC Family, Go Advantage, Go DUSTIN! Congrats!!! :)
I eat way too much.
what's your number
Wen I go to mi prom i want to go wit 2 chicks #At da same dam tyme
RT Ima be sad as fuck if Peyton retire.Good it will be one less manning in the nfl.
One week from today I'm finally taking advantage of 3rd shift and going to a #brewers noon game. I'm so excited!!
Good luck today! I know you're going to do great!
LOL. I slept a bit....still need more, but have an eye doc appt tomorrow. Ugh. Hate them.
Thank you to all of our new followers. We'll be Tweeting more often in the future.
I'd complain about Austin always going to NYC but he obviously cant come to Ireland so no point hating on people who cant help being from NY
I haven't forgotten the reggeton! Hopefully soon!
alright. im going to message you my info on here. my phone is in the other room
hook me up bruh
If you're struggling today with your identity and who you are, consider this: ~ Jeremiah 1:5 Expose.Empower.Unleash.
"Skate With Us" Demo and Best Trick contest is tonite @ Desert West skate park at 6:00pm
OMG, JEREMY I LOVE YOU OKAY. YOU'RE FKN AWESOME.
They came with a Bible and their religion,stole our land,crushed our spirit and now tell us we should be thankful to the Lord to be saved.
In the category of small world: The guy sitting next to me at a bar in Birmingham, Alabama is from my hometown of Jasper, Indiana!
Thank you I no next time....
Happy Holidays to all of our fans, former players, campers, and coaches! 2010 will be another great year!
Lemon Haze opened up my sinuses
looking forward to what the future holds
where are you
House looks pretty good, considering it was torn apart for repairs this morning
good luck on the STAARs test.(: wish me luck?
Boo. AP is now reporting Davy Jones' death. I guess it's officially true. :(
thanks for the RT of my blog post. Bret
U knew that they could have pulled out there Lawn Mowers and realy Shaved u head right!!!!!!lol
My heart & thoughts go out 2 the victims of 9/11 & their families. I ask that everybody plz observe a moment of silence. Thanks 2 our troops
Expectations of others, how do you respond to those who expect 24x7 digital services?
It's word jumble day! Today's word is "hewit loetcohac". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get 50% off!
Conf finals picks: #Kings and #Rangers both in 6
How about some grit tonight, blazers!!??
S/O to Chapter Father College President Rev. Dr. Brother Royal Wendell Puryear.
Hi baby James! I will after my performances are over this weekend - busy, busy :)
thanks! It's a great opportunity for our company and customers too!
Car payment: $215, car insurance: $140, cell phone bill: $95. Making less than what I need. Priceless
yeah he deserves it. he isn't playing smash tonight
Recording straight flame
Hard to say if Best will be back, and how well he will play if he does return (what's his conditioning like) McFadden will be fine
Yes, so agreed! #AWP should look at warmer locations for the future...perhaps The Pinch should start a campaign for Memphis...
I wonder the amount of productivity lost in this country due to traffic on I-95.
Im at the mercy of my drivers/ transporters! Will call you when I know times/plans of things?
WTF is goin on.....u get mad at me for some petty shit...come to find out u basically did da same shit #fml u just covered it up.kudos to u
submissives are your worthy to serve? Take the Worthiness Test! What do you know about serving a Dominant Femdom? Secret to success is here!
I think it depends on tone and context. I don't ever think about how often the f word was used in Fat Kid Rules the World.
Cher Lloyd - Video For First Single &quot;Want U Back&quot; Premieres Today On Vevo
Perfect sentiment for the occasion: RT : We'll be roaring our terrible roars today. RIP, Maurice Sendak.
so proud of my big brother for his work directing the #LuckyStrike commercial on #ESPN!
WILL DO :D
All these writers tweeting he demanded a trade and not one has said his agent denied it!!
you want to see me sad?
There's not much to do but talk & listen. The men are jealous & the woman all in competition.
Come join DJ Styles tonight at Geisha, 316 14th St, Oakland. I will playing Big 80's and flashbacks from 6p - 10p.
Tomorrow < completely scrubbing . Ha, dont care (: #YogaPants.(:
Hey folks! I've been away from twitter. Taking some me time to prepare for this photo shoot and come up with an album name. Soul Searching.
Time to organize. That should things along a bit.
No love showed and no love felt
I finally saw #TheHungerGames. I'm gonna start taking kickboxing classes....and always watch my back. Eek!
Joe Jonas a guest judge on my favorite show American Idol, the world must be ending!!
*SAGA*SAGA*SAGA* COME OUT TOMORROW NIGHT ~ALL BLACK AFFAIR~IT'S GOING TO BE A GOOD NIGHT DRESS2IMPRESS!!!
what u going to see?
I always follow when I say I will and when people ask me!! I hardly ever unfollow so I won't start now!! People should shape up!!
I haven't noticed an odd gait, diet is questionable (chicken. bananas and milk ), she doesn't have feeding goals though.
Dnt look back just keep movin ahead☝
I always wonder if the guy I like ever reads my tweets and is like "...What the fuck?"
“: frankly the best part is the red carpet” and but he is done for the most part
I Love Pandora Internet Radio🎧
Awww Justin graduated!?
September is National Childhood Obesity Awareness Month, per House and Senate Resolutions and supported by NAACP. Our timing is right, crew!
I used way too much bleach to clean my eyes are burning 😖😷
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back - Arthur Rubinstein.
You know you're 'famous' when you have a wiki page, but when FB lists you as an activity and interest it just shows you are a whore.
Sen Leno references Stonewall Rebellion in comments, woodnt it B nice if we taught sum of dat history in schools? Comin 2 theater near you:)
I just remembered the biggest fail ever!
Do any of you know an affordable and great reupholstering company in #DC? How about classes?
"I'm falling head over heels for you."
Hi Jason. :D
loved it, too. Jennifer Lawrence pulled off long stretches with no dialog, just her face. Did you read the book?
hmm, interesting! do they compliment you for looking young?
I'M SO GOIN FOR MIAMI HEAT HOPE THEY WINN TONITE
There is nothing cool about Voli.
It was important to me to have the wedding in a church because of the religious aspect but past that, I'm with you
It's turrible.
#Pakistan not pakistan only but across the globe !wa alaikmssalam
So many girls fall for the wrong guy, cause he always says the right things...
I've been looking for employment next semester -- would love to teach, but grad classes will be taught by less experienced teachers -- but..
someone yesturday got called for traveling... TRAVELING, HOW DO YOU FUCKING TRAVEL AND YOURE A PROFESSIONAL BASKETBALL PLAYER? #sosad
Hope you did the "I'm in a limo standing out the sunroof and gazing at the lights while 80s music plays" movie montage in Vegas
over achiever, Brittany ;p
People and their fucking attitude problems, I swear. ):<
Has or responded to claim of #Newsweeks13UselessMajors? JOURNALISM is one listed! My College Bound daughter is appalled! You?
no worries. Chris and John are playing chaperone!
Would you be interested in designing a real estate listing single-page? I think the current norm is boring.
Law enforcement in MN is cracking down on distracted driving. Listen at 6am to
- Great time last night with you Lisa at NAWBO BRAVO Awards in SD! Yes Yes!
there is now a bonchon in harvard square. who wants to have lunch with me there every day forever?
Thanks to , I ordered my coconut water from ! I'm so excited. :) <3 Elle
LeBron "I'd give all three of them back for a NBA championship....im all about team" why i respect him...
:"Blow Up Like Da World trade" Drops Sep.15 .New Features nd Promotions Soon To Come.Yee! www.myspace.com/Baddassmug3000
RT if you think austin is HOT with braces(: Fav. if you cant wait to see him with them off!! I cant wait until #Wednesday :D
Shout out to O'Reilly's Auto Parts in Baton Rouge on Florida Blvd. put on new wiper blades in the rain! Great customer service!
And I want. And you got it. So much. I'm crazy for your touch, your touch.
How do I get involved with ?
Hope the Pittsburgh #power doesn't go out in this storm. To Olive Garden.
Why am I smelling sawdust?
I Automatically Block The People Who Call me Fake! its Annoying How Much More Real Can I Get? Like Dont Follow me in the first place.
im sitting in this little office eating donuts on a saturday morning waiting for these dweebs to pick up their trucks im bored
I've been Taco Bell sober for 30 days.
Eating 1 of those 100 calorie Special K Fruit crisps are a tasty satisfying treat. Eating 20 of them, you're still fat.
Being #TeamTall makes you unique and is a gift, #Embrace it! I love my height, I hope you love yours too! #TeamTallGirls #TeamLongLegs :)
Great day for MN! MT : Always good to have friends in Florida. Wild welcome Solar Bears as the club's ECHL affiliate.
You can observe a lot by just watching. Yogi Berra
King Louie and
nice one:) Lol
Excellent! Thanks
Thanks 2 you/Alex 4 your time and expertise we appreciate it looking forward w/
temecula public library, a surprisingly comfortable place to get some work done
Belated shout out to for featuring my tweet about NCAA tourney in the paper this morning. Go Loyola!!! (Maryland, that is).
whats my gag gift?
It's going to be a two horse race between Hugo and The Artist all night long. I'm 5 for 9 so far.
How is it that 20 more people connected with me this week, and I went down 4 on my followers list. What gives? Comments?
Russian rockets and space capsules will ferry astronauts
& also used to hearing MUCH worse lol
So you read it but you don't reply? OK I GUESS.
why aren't you answering my text woman!!
WHO HAS MY NUMBER ON HERE AND JUST TEXTED ME. REVEAL YOURSELF! lmfao
#FF How could I forget ? How could anybody? How could anybody not follow him? A Twitter legend.
Ewwwwwwww this story is disgusting
Learning that Bob Brenly is calling tomorrow's FOX game is making even me think about finding something else to do.
testing new profile design/avatar
Peking is the most nasty chinese restaurant
Our benefactor Michele bid on you in the auction and won! She will connect with you very soon. Henry
RT : Enjoying watching rush hour from the patio on the Cap. Almost makes commuting this week worth it.
my feelings the entire morning
And what you think is cool is just the norm...
Ke$ha - Take it off★
I got on his nerves so bad He told me to go sleep with 7 ni**** in Africa and catch something ....Thatz mean!! -___-
Not getting what i wish for
sure did
"Like" this status if you are enjoying your Sunday ;)
NuggetHead Savings Tip on working from home - You only have to shave every other day or so extending your shaving cream and razor expenses.
I don't get stressed out. this is bullshit.
Can't wait for the traffic NIGHTMARE tonight. Marlins/Heat
Every time I get a pedicure I always laugh like a loser
I want to go on an adventure.
Another great podcast from with
Atwater Village Farmers Market here we come...fresh produce and vintage wares..sounds like a perfect sunday morning..11am-2pm!!
All this tweetin' about food is making me hungry and I just ate. LOL
still very upset for not getting any tickets to any of your shows in new york=(
Were you able to pick up a copy at TESOL?
I am always the mutely disapproving East German judge, shaving points on principle.
If you think you can do it cant nobody tell you you cant
Waiting on the UK game to start.
Can someone explain to me how my kids manage to make crumbs out of applesauce and yogurt? No matter what they eat there is a pile of crumbs
I'd be doing tht right now if I didn't just drink a whole venti iced coffee o_0
#WhatIf the world was coming to an end in 1 hour.
Going to take a stroll through the Walmart, there mite be some babes in pregnancy test aisle or the wart removal aisle.
It's 11 o'clock on the dot I'm in the same spot, sitting on the couch....
It would be nice to be part of a winning team...just once.
"Wowyouwererightcatslover?" This movie is only 73 minutes long. No time for breaths.
Jimmy Fallon is so funny. #jimmyfallon <OVER THE LIMIT12>
RT : Michael Perez not returning to UTEP next year. Too bad. Wish him the best.
Dear - I love ur shows, but I refuse to pay for all the channels I don't need from cable just for HBO. When will u be on HULU+ if ever?
How was it:? Lol
thanks so much!
But I will watch Person of Interest. It's the best new show this year, IMO. Revenge is second. Awake third. American Horror Story 4th.
So it wasn't the president of Mexico, it was Carlos Slim, the richest person in the world.
Well night tweeters I hoping my dream will come true and it is on April 28
I have two Flyers tickets for Tuesday the 31st against the Jets, $45 a ticket, face value is $91 a ticket, first come first serve
pilates is always more difficult in the morning
. I smell #streetcorn!! Time to kick off the #bsocial12 Summit...so much awesome about to go off!
Discovering the ease of Wufoo.
pictures? keek? something? (:
we had a bring it on night at the house and tried to figure out where they shot everything. Hepner hall became the parking lot
And all your Skittles ..
Another Batman game inspired by this movie was released by Mega Drive in July 1990
Android phone, why you love to throw in unwanted commas?
Good control, ball movement, and intensity by
Cutie Pie!
Disgusted?..IF Daytona is the Superbowl of Racing then how sick would people be if the Superbowl were postponed because of rain?
Got you in a hot mess, boy you'll never figure me out.
Merry Xmas ladies!! Hope travels are kind!No baby yet but glad I'm not in hospital 2day!
That first time when you take a photo then realize you left your glasses on and ask to take another photo without them.
we just played a show there last night. Ground vehicle is key for minneapolis escape!
Tweet me numbers??(:
ewww but his was crusty AND slimy. Wow disgusting. I'm getting really grossed out thinking about it
now y would I fight with u
Thanks Homer! You're always so encouraging!!
Many people avoid looking out of their window at night because they are scared of seeing a face
Try reading proverbs every morning with your spouse. My marriage has transformed to greatness. Today read Proverbs 4
Still looking for a place to take your family for Mother's Day? Our buffet will be from 11:30am to 4:00pm and is $19.95 per person.
Will check up on that for you!
you are welcome! Happy Friday!
just text me..
I think I knew that. :)
Didn't hit the jackpot. But I did make some money tho and got pretty good at Roulette
Did not receive the bonus booklet
What's good? Been a while! I didn't see you at 's last weekend I think? Lol
Coming up next #engaged: State innovation and #econdev agendas ft. New England state deputy commissioners & secretaries of econdev.
dude did you read Charles Burns' X'd Out? It's like David Lynch Tin Tin
Gym time. Nothing else matters for the next 2hours
Someone take me back to California, ok
good call :)
tried DM'ing you. It wouldn't work. Wanted to talk to you about interning with New Era.
11:11 by Austin Mahone is a really good song (but that's just my opinion)
I LOVE IT! <3
Love me, before they all love me... until you wont love me, because they'll all love me.
i just got an invite for memorial day weekend, too. but i got a save the date months ago, so knew it was coming.
Good Luck Eddie on your travels to China and beyond. We will miss you.
Thanks! I hopefully can create this startup and make it awesome. My ideas are fully going to their potential, finally! :)
I'm gone b tired as shit today
If you love playing guitar please RT
That's quote on my son's grad. announcements! To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream...
I thought so, but two days ago I slept till 5pm, and then woke up at 4am this morning... hmm.
layar = augmented reality app. very nice! useful for comparing, for ex, skylines of a city across time.
“: You know that you're best friends when you can hear their voice in your head while reading their texts"
Happy Easter
I get to see my girl at school!!!!! That's why(:(:
Looking at math since I have a stupid test tomorrow. I was gone for two days, though. Extension please.
My guess is Mike Zimmer!
RT : What's the pollution footprint during the build phase of building a passive house? < interesting question
Now that is enough. Realization is vital. Action is mandatory----->>>>> :)
The time to hesitate is through
I want some candy right now
ok they're leaving.
Caught a chipmunk this AM. That's more than 20 in the last two years! Released it near the school when I dropped my daughter off.
Celebrity commercial nugget: #ModernFamily's Sarah Hyland & #MadMen's Elizabeth Moss have old nat'l spots running #OliveGarden &
Darren Knows How to Succeed <3
The moon is on my side. I have no reason to ru-un
100 days until our wedding!
Batty_Towers: Finally home from #sla2010 and watching the final few "goodbye NOLA" tweets. Thanks to all for a great conference!
Faden: What would scholarship look like as a product of electric culture?
Just made this twitter. Follow me?? Ill follow you.
O.o
I am my own failed business plan.
Good morning twitterheads
i'll get to it eventually I have to do something haha
Destined For Meaning Envisaged With Certainty Gave Selflessly To Countless Loved By BELIEVERS Happy Birthday -S
nigga say i ain't the shit; same nigga a week ago was tryna get this cat from me..
View from the office: Watching a guy on the top of the #Washington Monument checking for #earthquake damage. Not a job I envy.
sombody told me my legs were skinny today... i gotta get swole this summer
Ugh....u disgust me-_- I hate high school.
If you can't find something to live for, you better find something to die for.
God knows what pics you're looking at...
it definitely can - I'd be interested in hearing your thoughts on that actually :)
It's the greatest sacrifice any human being has made ever. You > the rest of us.
Sleepies.. horrible headache :(
followed her :)
Your very welcome!!!:))
Can't believe I'm not feeling good again ..this is bs.
Drake's album: "Take Care" is poppin'.
wish I knew about this! I would have love to have gone!
Inspiring interview and super cool work, Dave. I am following (cc )
hi yourself :)
If you meet your self today, in the mists of tomorrow // Make sure to ask, why so much sorrow. < Arya of the Hills >
hey Paul, glad u could stop in .. we're talking about innovation in rural school reform .. "Design Thinking" meets
Dude this half time show rocks! Now if the Pats could win(:
HELP! I HAVE A CRUSH ON CHRIS EVANS NOW AND I CAN'T DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
Serious question: if you have investors, do you even have the option of turning down an acquisition offer?
A and B
Or if you need to break a losing streak.
JUST watched "Suite Life on Deck" 4 times... :DD ALL the episodes are really FUNNY!
edit, edit, edit..... yep lots of editing in my world!
Dream Come True
T-Minus 5 minutes till we are live from Luna with
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RT
I love my girls 😘
"The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you." -B.B. King
A woman of 35 thinks of having children. What does a man of 35 think of? Dating children.
same weather in LA? :)
I love my zodiac sign!! ARIES THE SHIT!!!
Oh man... that looks fantastic.
Off too South Carolina home of southern hospitality. Looking forward to fresh food,no traffic and Myrtle beach,oh and fresh seafood. I hope
“What I do you cannot do; but what you do, I cannot do. The needs are great, and none of us, including me, ever do great things. But we...
oh yeah had ta get me 1...!
To me, we have one rival, and that is UofL. Bye bye IU. Now let's see some creativity with the schedule.
damn gotta take a drug test for this job *SMACKS FOREHEAD HOPE I PAST THAT SHIT
The MUST do more 2 endear themselves 2 community. It's HORRIBLE 2 hear how loudly opposing team fans cheer @
I hate being sick! Ugh! Anyone know of a kick-ass cold remedy? Other than vit c, echinacea, and wellness formula...
Happy St.Pattys! Dj Cyn is spinning at Copper top @ 2pm.... Lets Celebrate and get crazy!!!
that is a really neat design!
The resume sounds good to me!
#bookaday WHITE OWL, BARN OWL by Nicola Davies Now to build an owl box for daughter's Austin backyard.
love & company I'm fuckin lonely been single for 2 years dude
they beat us in every facet of the game. I hope they win the entire thing. Would be well deserved
Congratulations and good luck! :)
I miss how u twerk RT : Ahh! Miss you spinning! RT : Grove street.
Did I say that to you in a recent conversation? ;-)
- great storytelling. Love your presentation mixing the serious with humor. Well done.
A girl at the train station wears this one really cute outfit...every single day. Same exact outfit...every fricken day.
The fabulous Vanessa Barg of will be at The Chocolate Library for a tasting on Sunday 1/30 from 2-5pm. Join us!
I can only do so much...
Cocktail of the day:French 75- gin, herbal simple syrup, champagne; yes, a thousand times yes.It's warm and we suggest this be your fan
They will tear your heart into pieces. I know, I'm a survivor. I won't get into the gingers.
Yum, Kiss Me Veggie Grill!
is it sold out
Event tomorrow. Prom swaggin.
Thank you!
Don't feel bad, Brian! I've been tweet-neglectful too, and I'm trying to make a comeback myself!
I'm real pissed because they swore up and down TC was not gon' be our DJ... but look who's at the turntables ?! The music is garbage .
Hey! Thanks for the #Tworship love! Good to see u! :D
$1 WELLS $75 BOTTLES TILL 11 !!! BROADWAY BAR IS THE SPOT = WILD WEDNESDAYS !!
I remeber when #SNL was what I watched as I got ready to go out...
definitely geeked out. Very cool, thank you.
Ha! Good one! RT: Do me a favor...Wear a t-shirt that fits. 5x white tee's make you look like you're wearing a nightgown.
I vote scones. Almonds? Cranberries? And white chocolate drizzle.
If I was lost ill hope someone find me an show me where to go.
With clean graceful lines, the #Maxum deadbolt is as much a work of beauty as it is a symbol of strength
My eyes are bleeding.
glad you liked it! Really unique horror film.
Imagine if called me gorgeous OMFG i would smile for the rest of my life!(;
Too many times in our lives we take women for granted.Let's take the time to let mothers,sisters,wives,girlfriends,daughters know we care!
Recipe: 6 lb of Raisons & 6 oz of Coriander seeds 4 gal. of faire water. In the Summer set in the sunne till it begin to have a kind of skin
40's on 4 on SiriusXM is the best radio station there is.
Now we're all gonna follow Jo to LA.
Goodnight, kids...
Thansk for the add pal!!!
That was an awesome bike ride!!
is far and away my favorite feed. Truly, I need to visit. Heck, I'd probably just move there if I could. If...
Whatever you say as long as you stay far far away from the Knicks.
I never write shit on here or anywhere :/.
Parents, get your teachers to use text messaging/e-mail tools like and for homework updates and reminders
Wine, zero gravity lawn chair, pleasant breezes in the backyard. Aaaahhhh.
surprisingly, I've never read it! It's on my Kindle wishlist though, does that count?
fuck a text, mention, call, oovoo, or skype! I want you right here WITH me...
you were right. Here you are. I wonder why I couldn't find you before. Isn't Copy/paste known to spell things right?
Thanks. I like Jones and Louis myself. Think one of them could stick.
These earplugs are great. So great I didn't hear my alarm this morning.
- This is Why i Rarely Do Clubs / Parties .
Art Drinks! Tonight! It's from 5:30-7:30pm at Maya. Mingle with other arts enthusiasts and win great raffle prizes. See you there?
“: You're funny, but looks aren't everything.” cc:
RT. ": Loving Bill Fletcher speaking truth on #uppers today" I want him on the show more often.
Am planning another campping trip with my daughter and her teenage friends and my son with a friend of his . Plan to go trout fishing.
U guys r amazing.....much luv...
NameCheap. They have a few promo codes up now
you're in. As long as we go on a lot of riverboat gambling trips and make our own beef jerky.
Ha that's how I roll good seeing you guys “: Came to meet and run into working hard as usual. #Respect”
Sad news. Great man, great journalist RT : RIP Sportscaster Lee Douglas of KOAA-TV.
then why wont she let you hang out?! seriously tell her i asked why she hated me and wont let you come over
Well, if those are your only options then one of them must be thr plan right?
She grew up good, she grew up slow, like American honey.
I FEEL LIKE JIMMY STEWART IN ITS A WONDERFUL LIFE PLEASE GET ME BACK TO DENVER AND AWAY FROM TACOMA ...WOULD BE GREAT IF I HAD A GOODJOB
I don't got my phone anymore.
The spirit of who we are can only flower into existence when we begin to feel the livingness in ALL things
Gearing up for Goodstock in just 36 hours!
MUSIC SHOULD COME FROM U&DA HEART NOT A GHOSTWRITER
O Duke Donald of the Dark
thx lesko. unfortunate result but oh well. see you in a couple?
Theater: Ghost, Leap Of Faith and Lyons Struggle on Broadway - Huffington Post
are you ok?
my spoons are stainless steel thank you very much
get at me for better video. Where you located
- Team Edward <3
Cheryl Cole had &quot;interesting&quot; conversations with Simon Cowell
Their performing there show at south port Lincoln pancake place. Instead of being at the studio. They have seen choir and cheer leaders
As paranoid as saying a hockey player's out with a "lower body injury"?
These icy streets make tweeting and driving almost impossible.
i mean come on u dont know what real humor is.
thanks for the follow, love DT Fiction!
Lawwwd im about to go crazy over here forreal...they cannot go overtime bruh they need to win, im getting sleepy
#DearMonday I have a zillion things to do today, as always, so could you please this once freeze time.
"Being Southern is a state of mind...and having home and family at the center of your world." - Sissy Spacek in
Think a subscription would ever be an option for PCGD? Maybe as some print/digital package maybe?
everybody in the club gets tipsy!!
Blessed by the best brewcity what up!
Enjoying the last few NFL games of the year. GO EAGLES
no idea what you're responding to.
#reasonsihateBVBandBOTDF this is such a shit trend. BVB and BOTDF are amazing. If you dont like them, FUCK OFF :)
my back hurts... excuse me while i go kill myself.
#WeStoppedTalkingBecuase u can't fuck no matter how many times I tried to teach u. You just failed!!!
I'm so Happy today!
Nope. You are bound to watch more.
#ff agents who shoot straight
Even if I try, no, I never could Give him up cause his loves like that Aint no way that I’m moving on I love my Mr Wrong
Oh! Is it bad that I was glad it wasn't a black cat in the video?
All my dreams and all the lights mean nothing if I can't have you.
i hate that people keep posing as you :( :) !!
I know!! I'm glad most of the trend is people saying it's awful, but I don't want the trend to even exist. wtf twitter.
Oops. Lol I saw that you RTed 's tweet saying that she wa in fishkill lol I was confused. Mah b
“The temple is already built.” ‘Abdu’l-Bahá
follow me.. Pls. Im a Big Fan.
Lol , I love you too x)
red vines and wine
Currently in northern California boba land.
reinstate Big Northern Girl Goes Down's blog! Please!
°o° We might be the only parents that have to explain to our 3 YO that a zebra "looks like an okapi with stripes on it's whole body"
pop that ass for me.
I love being an artist. I couldnt imagine being anything else
Will Smith on his biggest money grab ever. MiB3, Bad Boys 3, I Robot 2, Hancock 2. Good job. DJ Jazzy Jeff lives behind a KFC dumpster
"RT if you brush your teeth everyday!" Omg, if someone doesn't brush their teeth everyday, that's just gross.
Going back home
I love you like a fat kid loves 🍰
Manage by exception.Only require reporting when there is a deviation from the plan. Brian Tracy
Did not post the prior tweet, evidently I've been hacked, interesting.
We have to get up after I come back n town. RT You know I dont do much. Just let me know when I should be clear.
Now That I Am Older My knees buckle and my belt won't.
If you want to learn more about the #SantaClarita Valley, check out
true, don't know why y'all don't join us!
just realized i can call US phone #s for free by combining gizmo and google voice. no more expensive $0.02/min Skype calls for me.
": Session in progress......"i second that
Woot Woot! We have over 100 friends! How do we get to 200? It's the challenge of the month.
Never live life constrict or confined.
im going to bed, hopefully tomorrows a better day .. #goodnight ..
i'm not even a directioner but it still gets me so mad ,ugh.
Brewed tea is not only a great fertilizer in gardens, but it can absorb odors, too! Put some used tea leaves in the smelly fridge today.
Ima make you shine bright like your laying in the snow(:
"little by little you fade while I fall apart"
VERY. Angry
Good Matusz or Bad Matusz? Looks like we're getting Bad Matusz.
so did that dude from oak state
FUCK IF I WAS DRUMMING THERE, I WOULD SAY YAY
I work in the Arena District. Cool to see packed streets for #NAYC11. Can you explain the bowties & hair bands?
Hiya pals! Great stuff you do!
#ednatdenver any suggestions for a question to ask?
my esthetician just told me that Thrive's truffles are worth crossing town for. Have you tried them? I need to get some this weekend!
In my defense, I am the only teacher who can cooly handle blood spurting out of a kid's face sans panic. Surely that counts for something.
My pleasure.
Seminar for Actors NYC on 5/22 @ 6PM. FREE w/ paid up AFTRA card! Email for info.
Nice to meet you last week; hope to see you at another Dewey Drinks!
Can everyone please try to use commas so I don't have to read your tweet 5 times to get it!Thanks :D
Also #ThatAwesomeMoment when Uecker got a statue ... and you brought the statue a brat and beer from your tailgate.
Or there's a really elaborate secret schedule designed to torment you.<=THEY. ARE. STILL. MOWING. *dies*
the live video of paramore performing pressure in anaheim looks so much like like with the balcony and bar and stuff
Take your #2 guy, then your #1 guy, off a team that has a margin for error of less than zero, and this is what you will always get.
Learning Python at the Sunlight Foundation.
will u follow me???
Braylon Edwards to the Jets and Crabtree signing with 49ers? This will make some Fantasy Teams interesting...
Hit a damn shot lebron
..Seriously considering haircuts and haircolor now. After the kittens get healthy.
RT : RT : The police have brought the K9 unit and mounted officers
#Huguely sentenced to 25 years for 2nd degree murder charge. 1 for grand larceny.
"Thank u 4 such a great semester! I really enjoyed this class-U did a great job presenting the material & u always kept things interesting!"
Great - see you soonishly!
I'm terribly unfamiliar with modern music, but I do know and like their cover of Under Pressure.
I am bored what is the solution ?
“: The best argument against Christianity is a five-minute conversation with the average Christian.”
Okayy :) Email please?
“: Happy 40th! In Biz since '72! #congrats” Congrats to our partners.
we can finally fulfill our sky diving dream!!
lol i hear ya
you don't deserve a follow -_- obviously is not a queer. He has more girls that love him Than you ever will.
Ran up the stack and busted to the fish. #Standard - I'm torturing everyone tomorrow after I late reg around 3.
On the lookout, first #UX #designer for a funded #startup. Designing an amazing search experience is the focus. Know anyone?
88- your really nice !
naw deandre Jordan... Barkley said if you lock him in a gym overnight and he couldn't dunk n theAM he'd have 6 😂
Im Too Real So I Aint Thinking Bout Doing Kno Fake Shit
I have NOEL fever!!
Please see this Sunday's Sun Sentinel. JFG students Middle School are featured for their participation in the SoleCial project.
Tweeting is fun.
Full Moonies! I am here. I C the moon and the Moon C's me! I dcided 2 watch it rise from inside my GMCXOver prkd in the dark on a H2O Frt St
DJ Cyn Spinnin at CopperTop Bar at Bottom of Peak 9 Beaver Run chair in Breckenridge! Come get a beer after shreddin Starts at 2;30pm
JEALOUS. I love in VA!
Why bother to get engaged? After all those kids the're stuck together 1wyr another regardless for a long time at least for the kids sake
clocking out.
That movie will definitely never get old! ;)
can we switch twitter names?
getting ready to take Brett to Milw. Lutheran to sign up for his classes for next fall. Cant believe we are sending him to high school soon!
National Margarita Day Today...Stop on in...Happy Hour 3-7! Grossmont Center in La Mesa just off the 8. We're having a great time!
do you think DAL will try hard to win tonight, or they are settled? C's need the help!
yes id be going with celia
It lists CN2 News at 6:30 & 10:30 and it wants to record that all day since that is whats listed for everything on that channel
does it hurt??
omg me too :D
Very busy with the Copycat Project & book deadline! BTW I grew up on South Robinson Street!
Love it! Several talent have been requested to audition for an upcoming Feature Film!
don't forget to get your run on too.
Hilarious! RT : Never gonna understand why ppl complain about the AZ heat. U know that we live IN the desert, right?
What Y'all On?
On the way to the last Lacrosse game with all the girls!
Havin ah pretty good day
Everyday you lay a foundation for your destiny.
Lets get some questions people!
Who wants to see me tired as fuck right now?:)
Omg saw that one like a week ago in collective
i was ganna wear them
I love dancing with you and your friends :) y'all get down better than my white girl friends.. Hahaha :)
Especially in the international teaching world
Call of Duty brings out the most creative cursing in me. "You son of a cock gobbling f*ck nugget.
Sounds fun af she BLack??
I'm smart!
is this cast in Seaside Heights right now ?
you. are. beautiful..
I love Austin Mahone ♥
LAST CHANCE! Merchandise from several shows will be coming off the site soon so purchase now! Most is heavily discounted.
"To serve mankind, evolve yourself. To evolve yourself, serve mankind." - ?
how much?
In the smallest theatre to watch a movie I'm so ashamed of
The Swede. Best character on a serial going. HELL ON WHEELS.
This translation of Buddenbrooks makes the low German read like cartoon Irish. Totally harshing the verisimilitude.
have a great day...
lol love how you sneak a picture.
Karaoke host is closing out the night by singing Desperado. Thanks, dude. Really touching.
The blue robe from the Abilify commercial reminds me of the cookie monster. (also, Abilify will kill you.)
A Saturday morning walk in the park...
This is Baltimore, where the DH pitches and UX raises the U.S. flag
Wait, I thought was in Wisconsin. Oh--is that why he's using both arms to wave ?
beast of the game!
The new #walgreenschicago on State and Randolph is supposed to have wine tastings and sushi. Sounds interesting
Gotta learn from the best there, mate. xD
Hey there. Happy to have you following me:
No kidding. I've been at work since 8am! At least I have kind of a cool job. Still doesn't help your boredom though. Sorry. Lol
BLEH AUSTIN, I SAIID PLEASE? :3 omg i'll give you a chocolate bar if you follow me back :3
Dropped you a note to your gmail account ... let me know your thoughts!
RT : Just finished Nautica/st judes triathlon and proud to run in honor of my friend with her father Gordon....
me to! Glad I checked it out online...bout to start dvr-ing it! Love it!
Going to the #FinalFour ? Best air price from Columbus to New Orl is $328 on Southwest. Gets there at 5:15 Other airlines 700-800 bucks!
Wildcats in all-white unis today against Vandy.
Another WONDERFUL Friday here at the TeamQ Office. Trying to get everything done before a few of us head out to #Vegas. Have a great day!
One of these years come on down for it. We've been going strong for 25 and will be for at least another 25 more
Feeling like a failure after realizing this is my first year I didn't get invited to the academic awards
showcase in Vegas this week is not happening. Will let everyone know when it's rescheduled... Sorry
Come have a good time with us friday. I Am Abomination, Close To Home, Call it Karma and more. Sept 25th Rochester American Legion. 5:30 $10
The Continental Army is having a hard time recruiting in New England because local militias are offering more money to enlist.
#swsw #yam "Customer service is submissive but that is starting to change on behalf of customers."
Let Us enter this Era of Change Together in Love and Light. Blessings to you All - Our Greatest Will be Done.
I wonder how long you have to have been in Silicon Valley before you're comfortable seeing PayPal t-shirts, worn openly in public.
#FFDD Yes! FirstFridayDivaDiva! 9pm Twin Spin Videos of your favorite divas all night!! Every first Friday!
I'm so mad. My Friend got Vlados. The grey and pink ones. So jealous.
haha my mom told me to make one back in december for her but i thought itd be weird, but i got bored
No problem. I'll be keeping an eye on your posts!
22: You're super pretty! Tweet me more(:
This may be your last chance to awkwardly slow dance.
Alex Clare. His voice. That's all I'm going to say.
RT : The sky is the limit
Sometimes when I think about you for no reason if your thinking about me to <3
The reverb is hurting my soul.
Now, I sort data and listen to Daft Punk. Ehh, gotta take the little things..
you still owe me that free movie by the way, don't think i forgot!
Wow, The Sheriff walks twice
. Indeed -- I think Federer made a calculated decision to play: "Let me get 3 wins. I can do that w this draw."
Besides, you don't really want back-to-back panels, do you??!
Grammy awards!
r u jealous dat he likes her and not u?
Big week coming up! Stay informed The Local's Hottest
We know some of you are still a bit sluggish from all the food this weekend, but shake it off, and join us @ 12p for our $35 turbo NL tourn!
“: #AlliePerryLikesWang #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Makes me laugh every time I see them! 😂😂😂😂😂” Funny 😒
At work wishin I could go home n get n my bed
Back at you kiddo.
yep... Plenty more where that came from. Ha!!
Say, "excuse me" you weird little freak.
I'll never forget it.
Some females be doing the most and don't even know it...?
who fought
lol pretty much because I def turned up the other day lol that's why I'm like idk lol
Dark skin niggas gotta smile in the dark
Today is definintely a "mark all read" kind of day.
/// Cats missing free throws left and right....
we have a problem lol?
It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts
Essex County Arts, could you share our ArtStart grant information with your networks? Thanks!
We've got a twitter contest coming up next week for a gift card from ! Details on Sunday!
i cant believe it was to violent for tv lol
I just woke up from my nap !!!!
Love the idea and feel of Pretty Pear Bride! Kudos to you for allowing REAL women to feel as gorgeous as they really are!!!
#somewhereinthehood is performing for a group of niggas and 1 bitch....
Happy birthday ! See you june 9th <3
I feel you!!!
.!|.-_ COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON..... SATURDAY MATRIX --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Tomorrow - buy any level in the Versa Spa and receive the after moisture for free :)
“ “ “ If you get the chance to leave the hood then leave but don't forget where you came from”””
but really though
just listen to music :)
UW Hospital files $120,593 lien against alleged drunken driver in double-fatal crash who left hospital in wheelchair before going to jail.
Lunch time question...how do you think the bear trap worked? Do you think it got the ZGB seal of approval? Find out Thursday!
I slept good. Wyd today?
yes! Today!
Pussy! The other white meat.
Wish I could say that to somebody haha
Just interviewed for Look for the Q&A in a few weeks. Can't wait for the April 7 show
Could work. Or Reffie Trinket?
Just shipped you some bro! Should be across the pond and in England in about 10 days or so!
Mobile exploded in 2010. Not only was spend up, but the sheer volume of mobile projects that launched was unparalleled. www.zesmo.com
Those took forever! Once my mom scheduled mine for 3 right after school so we wouldn't have to wait. Turned out to be a snow day
plzz follow me
Glad you have a positive outlook
Banjo time at Grand Reopening.
bout train some kid for pitching, let see how this goes. cant wait for the FF draft on the 6th and my birthday on the 30th of this month :)
Check your inbox.
speaking of bicycles.... i can't wait until i can ride mine again
Staff retention should be on the minds of every agency principal this year. Really every year though.
AMAZING #AFTALAC session this afternoon! Thanks to & our presenters from &
Brady sacked
3-1 not bad with your injuries though
Ok everyone that is following FSO please help us, retweet this & add that we need more followers please. That would help greatly.
What TJs do you go to? In West Hollywood, they keep some cold by the juices.
AAF Miami is planning for 2011-2012. Want to get involved? Email
Packed out for College Night. Good times. See you next Thursday.
on #106&park #DoinTooMuch cant wait for the mindless behavior show
wait till you get older... some girls don't get it.. the kid should always come first... not the social life.
because I don't like you. jk. I didn't even know you were following me or that you had one. I'll follow you now!!
Congratulations on your promotion, Dave!
I guess Battle Royale would have been a hit if they'd had more room in the budget for Manic Panic?
yup.... lucky we live hawaii!
Go Clemson, its the Sammy Watkins show !
The new website is gonna be SICK!!!!!! I will let you know the moment it is up!!
wasn't bad lol we'll see how the rest of the week go. U need to get back down here!
Trade Pierce to LAC for GS pick. Clippers have it, we already have clippers pick from Perkins trade last year
dammit. It saw you and ran away.
WHAT EVEN
I understand. . . I've been away from the East Coast long enough that my brain just can't wrap itself around temps like these.
If u don't know about the exciting development going on in #OrangeCounty ur missing out!! I can get u connected. . .
Syracuse can loose every game they play now, forget u! I swear these Wisconsin teams can bring u up then just tear u down!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Meet the founders of (our idols): CHRIS STANG and ANDREW STEINTHAL.
lol!! such an appropriate gif for that situation - "bitch."
and activity is nice too :)
Jonathan Martin begins work as Miami Dolphins right tackle
happy birthday Dana!!!
The Lakers are 3-7 in their last 10 playoff games going back to last season.
Love ? I don't get none
Great Lakes BA Blackout - rather smooth but not a ton of oaky/vanilla that I get from similar BA offerings...still nice, though.
keep your sense of humor.
Somebody rockin knocking the boots!
Ok checking out pinterest anyone try this yet kind of time intensive
RT : Lovely peeps THANKS
Also getting down with the Freaky Dikis at Opulent Temples Decompression after party at Mighty this Sunday...... Warming the floors at 9 ;-)
Starting to adopt presenters. Model View Controller Presenter...
i love meeting new people :)
Great....bad luck #3 came sooner than expected! F.U. Bad Luck!
Nd now I gotta wait for my ride.
The letter P key (and a few others) no longer worked this morn. I never realized how much I rely on P. Glad you're back.
I wish my life had a restart button. NOW
literally everyone can go fuck themselves
I got you
Get ready to be Plugged In at Sutra Lounge tonight with the return of DJ Krillz and $3 shooter specials all night long!
I'm not sure I fancy the Sox's chances if they are playing the Ravens--lol!
Closer to the Cardiology Unit
Global Youth Peace Summit tomorrow.drove 27 hours straight from LA. I've gotta break out of this whole "packing the night before" habit. ;)
wild wild west is so underrated.
yupppers she did. and twas fantastic I guess.
Jerry Gant performance, Survival Revival at 8 this Saturday. The Doctor is IN! Bring artistic neuroses.
Sitting here with
u haven't been giving me hugs, r u mad at me :(((( I hope not!!!!!! Luv ya
Ejecting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
thank god for self check out when i go to giant eagle just to buy nutella.
Congratulations to my sister and all UCSF medical school graduates! I really enjoyed the speakers and the ceremony.
It wasn't really meant to be a proposal--but keep in mind it's taken us centuries to achieve the inequality we have today.
Texas hospitals and their employees impacted by wildfires, please notify THA at servicecenter (at) tha.org
Oh, it is! Haha! RT : m sounds good!
In my son's words: a true leader will look u in the eye,say what he means & mean what he says &not hem/haw around&hv Character wth his life
You Only Live Once ; ) YOLO
#IwantSomebody who will text me every second of the day and stay on the phone with me at night."
i warned everyone that a professor lent me a book called "how randomness rules our lives" and that i'd ruin everyone's happiness.
Me: I'm finally happy. Life: HAHA, bitch, hold on. >:)
Absolutely!!!!! The average IQ just soared!
Wow, cake and Pizza today. Red must be lucky for me LOL
No. Thank you. No. Just passing by. Carry on. Excuse me, I'm very busy. Gotta run.
And that was the best performance I've seen yet in 2012.
i grew up a f*kin screw up
gr8 read thanks!
so apparently you missed my twitter binge last week
you're welcome
to see austin (if he's going) and she said MAYBE. omfg a maybe from my mom means like, everything lol OMG
yeah. tickets on sale Monday.
Damn. That was one crazy week. See you next year, SX!
New homebuilder? In construction? Have a smartphone or tablet? Any type? FieldConnect Mobile is for you..anywhere/anytime scheduling + more!
Game tightening up. Colorado Kings lead 76 to 67 with 4 left in 3rd.
Successful community match day. Thank you!
yeah! Love is pain whether good or bad
always too crowded.
please follow me?(: 4
things that make you go hm...
just read email stating that i want start working tomorrow....come on ATL give me a break....i need something to do b4 i give up
Drinking a Bittersweet Delish!
Daniel is it wrong if I beat up a Albino kid
#ExcusesToDrink.....Everyone else is drinking...
Happiest of Hours! $1 PBR - $2 Miller Bottles - $3 Tall Rails! Gorgeous Sunset on the Patio. C'mon in!
COUPLES NIGHT! Couples Entry buy one get one free!! ALL NIGHT LONG!
yes i will be in Miami this year.. chillin with hailing from Detroit. Cant wait! :)
Can someone please find me (and ) an apt for 9/1? 2 bedroom, Fort Greene / Clinton Hill, rent commensurate with ed asst salary?
Also, super bummed to be missing the antics. However, duty calls. cc:
That would be awesome! I'm terrible at trivia but I'll give it a shot! :-)
#SHRM established a new partnership with Families and Work Institute (FWI)
Welcome to Rip City! I think you're gonna like it here, we need the NW kids to represent!
I'm commenting on the last few rough drafts, then awaiting the first batch of final exams. The word of the day is "Argh!"
i'll forget you like a dream.
And i am done with my finals let christmas break BEGIN!!!!
i'm beginning to dislike IU fans more than Michigan fans.
Thanks for following:) <3
how long was it?
o'hare is way better than flying into or out of midway. Midway is scarry at times.
but nice bike though
It's always worth thinking outside the box a lil
Fav part: "We needed to know that there were things to know before we knew that we could know them." (2/2)
Just got told I don't have to wear my arm sleeve anymore but only in basketball.... School should be interesting.
#Tebowfor2 It's Moneyball. Greenie is right. You might lose games, but you'll win more. Statistics!
WHO ARE YOU SEEING? sorry for caps lmfao
well then go all out on March 4th!
My 15 day trial will run out before my initial backup is even done! Any way to get free extension for trial?
Two ways party w/ me tonight: - my set starts at 10pm. - my set starts at 1am.
lol THAT'S TRUE !!
so nice of you. we're going to do one group hug at the end of the day i think.
the mistakes or everybody?
Good night all you lovely people ! <3
same! I'm really hungry though! Its almost 2pm & I haven't eaten A N Y T H I N G .
Please do! let us know if you need tix :)
oh gotcha but yea I can't go I have an event for my internship
okay we in there lol
Vinny(: hope ur day is GRAND I love how you do every thinq to make it possible and meet every Grander! #TALETO Hope u see ^
12/12/12 marks the last day this century when people can make that joke about Americans getting the order of the date wrong.
#replaceasongwithswaggie Really? That's what our world is becoming?
Tuesday mornings are my favorite-I get to volunteer at Nathan Adelson Hospice AND watch my "Price is Right" for an hour!
Chef Ed & Chef Andy will be preparing a couple small plate dishes featuring “Tender Belly” Pork products.
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama & Selenators Love Mommy Teefey. Aw <3 Happy Mothers Day!
Academic book on cultural subversion written in dense academicese = fail.
Where are you seeing the flooding? How bad is it?
you no its the truth
Ceramic tile comes in many different styles and will fit just about every budget.
Thanks for the info!
What do I want for my birthday? I want ModernMethod to be more involved in charity work, so we're launching a new thing. More details soon!
no problem beautiful :D <3
Performing and Shooting #LoveOnAcid tonight at the lovely Sydney Vigotov Birthday Extravaganza! Cabaret Birthday w/ The Chit Nasty Band
Hey man thanks for the follow! How did you start out your band, what's the story?
“: suck my chode” hehe no u suck mine!
I just cycled 22m today to Fort Tilden and back. Flatbush Avenue is no place for a bike.
Have you tried...wearing pants?
Hoo-Rag Launches New Line Of Outdoor Protective Gear - PR Web (press release)
what's np?
awesome - welcome to
#TypeYourNameWithYourElbow... drexel ednginedetring - Hm... looks like it was engineered wrong!
Tim Jennings - Take advantage of the recession: Don't waste a crisis. Negotiate lower s/n rates in return for business.
whats going on here?
holy crap - Betty White's "Off Their Rockers" is flat out funny!
what u been up to.? Long time no see
that's called unprofessionalism.
i think i'm getting closer to my thousandth tweet lol
Who Else Needs A Fake ID?
Random interestingness from Code Complete 2: "Avoid classes named after verbs."
They think they sippin on that I can fuck wit him juice
co-presents ONE DAY ON EARTH - Global Screening Event - Earth Day 4/22 @ Roxie Theater + filmmaker Q&A:...
Sharing food with another human being is an intimate act that should not be indulged in lightly - MFK Fisher
#10peopleontwitteriwanttomeet Chris Brown and thats it :)
yeah do you rally live in switerland however you spell it
I thought Lana Del Rey was good last night. It's a weird song and a fresh sound. And the strings on the record were cut
Thanks for all yr work in great music & our youth. We hope you'll follow our Peace Work w youth including art, peace ed, & more
The Show 1.5 Will Be Like No Other Show U Seen.... aka Bruce Wayne The Show 1.5....The Show 1.5 Will Be Like No Other Show U Seen
RT : I know I heard about that! That shit gonna be bomb! Lol.
WordaboveWater playing at 914 lounge tonight show starts at 11 and for those that dont kno that name the lacoona
I can't wait until the day I am famous enough to have to apologize for my twitters.
Selling: Black studded clogs tinyurl.com/74hpk7x
Your #Imagine *__* I love it ! :)
feeling #prisonpolitics. Very good work!!!
364 emails in my inbox- going for zero! #gtd Tonight is 1st nite of Citizen's Academy, live tweeting it from look for
be on the look out for my report on Amile Jefferson later on today
Making changes to my twitter account if your not a follower you'll be part of the changes.
It's a good day for all the UK fans to see Duke lose, and the fact it was a 15 seed team. :)
I had no clue the #CincoDeMayo celebration existed until I moved to the US.... from Mexico.
Holy productive day!
why do girls have to have feelings and shit? -
I will be in Westowne Mall until 2 am with the Hall Swingers! Come and support #SwingAThon!
well MBTA rules but Boston sucks. So there's that :(
no but I'm not like a professional or anything I just really like to do it for fun one day I wanna be like the iconic boyz.
i mean, i know it's just the blood flow but i can't even. it's so wrong.
My son-in-law loves cutting grass. If you know someone that needs help in the eve. DM me.
Yep - it's meant for easier off-campus access, so you don't need a barcode. Let us know if you have any problems!
you would never catch me at a hair salon called Georges : If I had a guess it would be a hair salon or restaurant
Free Admission to The Domes today for Milwaukee County Residents. From 9am-Noon.
looks like the color is fixed on my twitter!! We just got back from Taste of Dallas!! Wow, it was so many people & it felt great to connect!
I wish people would stop using the word
I'm so Proud of you! I cant wait for #BELIEVE! I love you. follow me ?
Follow Bad News Bears on Instagram! Username: BadNewsBears
Things that need to STOP: BULLYING.
hahaha ight dude. Well have fun
Wow, wowzers! Traffic in Noblesville is horrible today! I'm missing lessons right and left...
At first I thought you took my breath away, but then I realized I was just being suffocated by your bullshit.
RT M...The Hubs is cooking for me and tonight. Woot! *Luis outdid himself. Dinner was incredible! xxoo*
Is it Friday yet? Can't wait to work on more new music!!!!
thanks. (although I've made some unfriends in the online marketing world today.) :) -Conrad
The name of the dog on the Cracker Jacks box is Bingo. The Taco Bell Chihuahua is a rescued dog named Gidget.
Jogger91: OK #englib ---- got the link, now I know, ignore my other tweet. Thx much!
great tips!
