what up playa
hates me.
Seibold: apps give me a flashback to CDROMs
Robert Downey Jr. drives the red carpet at the 'The Avengers' premiere in ... - News in photos
follow my other acct! ill follow back(: #promise >
Oh yeah!! i tweet, facebook, and google+ and more and more
YOU SING REALLY GOOD & YOUR SO CUTE HOPEFULLY YOU WILL COME TO FLORIDA !!
WORD! MT : - had an idea. If your HLS table topic doesn't get picked HACK THAT JUNK AND DO IT ANYWAYS!
either that or we gotta find you a baller nigga
Is there a #'trepQatsi tweetchat 2nite? What time? Stoked to unveil it!
oh hope youre ok
Heading to LA for a meeting with a client.
=) thanks for the RT!
No more projects!!!!!! Im so happy school is almost out !
ALERT: RT : USC memes is the worst thing I've ever seen. & I saw a hooker get beat up in an IHOP once. Worse than that.
I believe I am not mistaken in saying that Christianity is a demanding and serious religion. When it is delivered as easy and am
yay CONGRATS how exciting! Tweet pics of ur tree
I think that includes replies to others... Those can be full conversations. Tweet when weather happens and it'll grow!
Had a good time coaching along with the other guys in 4A North/South JR All Star game.
well then
Oh my. It's like being surrounded by 12 year old boys. Which is to say, pretty much the same as working in tech. ;)
I Lost 3 Followers After Saying Sounds Sexual To ... Wtf... Hehehehehehehehehe(: I Feel Accomplished.
Checking all the new arrivals of hair from india.
I dont wanna work, i just wanna bang on the drums all day!
all my followers follow and !!!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 48
#TheWalkingDead - the soap opera drama is getting a bit tedious ... But if it's balanced w more zombie fighting scenes I will be content
It's weird that in the morning sleep always seems more important than twitter,
Hows the wide world of #wordpress treating people today?
Hm...no, I think I'll keep the rabbit. :D
I can't believe Girltalk hasn't developed some kind of Mercury/Van Winkle mash up,mix down hoedown. Only a matter of time.
"The Use of Hydrogen Peroxide to Visualize Tattoos Obscured by Decomposition and Mummification." Gotta love Journal of Forensic Science.
Absolutely! #lightbulbmoment MT Exactly! It is how you get them to invest and actively take stakes in the program
hey there hot stuff
I'm going to start rapping under the alias young gazpacho.
Hunting down a bug where my VSTi won't load in FruityLoops Studio 10 under Windows XP(32).
Hannah Montana movie :)
When was the last time you let a professional take a look at your phone and internet bills? How can you be sure if it is a good deal or not?
Well that's good. It's not Paramore without Hailey :)
hopefully no surprise 4 person suspensions tonight
congrats William
guess who gets to interview Wilco in just a couple of hours ?!!!!!!!
yo told me your mom only has you and bryce
That amazing moment when you're talking to a friend and he says 'say something, anything', and then you breakout into Tango Maureen full on
iM MOSTLY FOLLOWiN FAMOUS BiTCHES
“The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge...
#Zambrano to the #Marlins.... Great cant wait for the ass whoopin the #Cubs will get in S.Florida now!!
it's just so wacky that youre supposed to stick it in the dishwasher! Hahah
Change of plans eating at Chinese buffet. While at the buffet, we are doing face time with my sister lololol
dat shyt had me weak lmfao! oh i followed you give me a follow back my dude
: add another generation and welcome to my world--
hope your having a fabulous weekend!!!
Stop in for our Lunch buffet and try a Mango Mimosa!
There's no worse feeling than that millisecond you're sure you are going to die after leaning your chair back a little too far.
Yay! I have more than a hundred followers now, thanks for following me everyone, you Gus just made my day :D
About to watch Money Mayweather win again.
Worst bronchial /flu I've ever had. Lord I am starting to hate my couch!
Yay little bitch got a twit twit <3
MT Re:CPR “Two legal wins in the span of one week demonstrate the legal rigor of the pension reform initiative."
Just wanna get away and reach out. How I'd love to be a full time missionary. It's not my call, but it'd be fulfilling work.
#WhatIMissMost when you texted me w/o a problem every day... now I'm lucky if I get a text at all.....
i cant remember the last time i actually passed a math test this year. such a shame.
My TL is live right now. Ayee
Super hot day at Great American Ball Park. Guy at the end of our row just won Skyline Coneys for all of us!
Random question: favorite disaster movie?
cool, Facebook mobile changed.. AGAIN.
Good thing are announcing all their winners on Twitter. I'd hate to have to actually watch the show.
haha I bet they're all great photos! :D And Kellan is cute. (;
Shame on NY state court of Appeals for legalizing child pornography! You're encouraging the increase of kidnapping and human trafficking.
lolol ahh no sorry i was just repeating a silly question someone asked in my govt class lmao :X
That's so funny. I actually did have tacos!
thx for the #ff, have a great weekend! My Twitter followers, #ff a true sports fan here!
how does seven o clock tonight work for you?
One class stands between me and my Thanksgiving break! 😃
It's really sad that Joe Pa's career ended the way that it did and even more sad that we lost an amazing football icon!
goodnight;D
Me too! Today is my writing day.
Enjoyed meeting y'all last night at the bar, meet up again later on?
Renewable energy and resources are key! Thanks for following us and showing support to our local suppliers!
Two things can prevent this an updated resume and not getting married problem solved
gifted. I'll take it :)
At Rehearsal's
SUNDAY, SUNDAY, SUUUNDAAY!!!!
“: A tearful lament about the man you once loved on it!” Gotcha covered!! Hehe
That article doesn't even make sense (not that any of this does). Stunning.
Going to miss Herman Cain come Mon. He did make me hate the number nine tho. I had it removed from my keyboard and repl with add'l tilde
How can a chair make a motion?
follow back!
LIFE is similar 2 a refurbished computer with a yearly warranty you could either repaired it or upgraded its the same with friendships.
Lol I was scared
<3 RT : #SomeoneIWannaMeet My followers they are so amazing &amp; funny
Thursdays are always the hardest because theyre right there near the end of the school week just teasing you.
ME EITHER! Let the cat out the bag and the dates are lining up again for DC.
Oh, bloggers you say? Well, that's a different story completely...of course, Tumblr. Good choice, move along people.
Whoever lookz ahead minimize the chances of ever going wrong. #Don'tLoseFocus
Who wants to take me to breakfast .....
thanksgiving sucked
You're one of those "Reality" people! D: Weirdo!!! 😱
Judy Hale is in Denver Wed. eve to share her knowledge on credentials, certificates & more. The public is welcome; small $. www.ispi-frc.org
thanks for the follow
.n Dats bad
#Oscar day...going to #vanityfair party later with my buddy. Tnx for the tix bro. Going to be a great night.
Beyond pissed! I will not be sleeping tonight
lolol.... "class act" is the first thing I think of when I think of a Kentucky fan
I see no flaw.
why you end Skype?:)
#HappyMothersDay.. I LOVE YOU MOMMY :))) Fuck Yeah I Say
This game is giving me a headache. #brewers - seriously. Get it together already...
stop lying lol
Ch. 11 The percent of prisoners in private facilities in Alabama is 2.8
She said...if you don't gag every once in a while, your not shoving.....nvm.. #UNFOLLOWED your nasty a$$......#B!TCH
#yomama so fat she got weighed on a truck scale
Tryouts went well Can't wait for our first Official Practice
Glad I didnt go to school. I needed a break
Everybody who thinks Usher is killing it on #SNL has likely auditioned for American Idol and been surprised by a dress down from Simon Cowel
I just really wish you knew how much you mean to me...
PR Tip of the Day: Reporters like simplicity. One-stop shopping increases your chances of getting coverage. www.RealNewsPR.com
haha that's what I wanted u to think! I'm a great photographer lol
The best part at being good at parallel parking is making your friends feel dumb. Probably the best part of most things.
Just got through mixing with FSU peeps and fellow USF students. Also met one of my profs for the first time. :)
oh god thats gonna happen to me too then
WOW! SAME SEX MARRIAGE fits right in with living in the UNITED STATES of AMERICA. THANK YOU JO BIDEN, ARNE DUCAN and PRESIDENT OBAMA.
Glen Echo Park for Family Day 4/30 11am-4pm. Performances, Dance, Art Activities, Face Painting, Cake & Lemonade, Carousel Rides & more.
Looking forward to #MPF12 today!
Crazy memory from the weekend: having as serious a discussion about dragons as I have ever had; including their role in a zombie apocalypse.
my cat is rolling around on his backk. xD he is such a dogg at heart xD <3
I wish I was tan like
Shout out to for makin real music and reppin Indiana
Web Design Company India, Profit By Outsourcing, Announces Ecommerce Recruitment Process Outsourcing Services
It's so refreshing to hear and on Sunday Night Baseball.
In the taxi and is already flirting with our driver lol
Good for Elizabeth! San Diego Fam.Law encourages conflict/manipulates/postpones for their own selfish greed. System corrupt
yes i did u wanna be a porn son?
oh yeah that spray looks fun!
Looking forward to it Brian. I'm in town in Oct for my brother's memorial. So, not this time out but next time for sure!
omg ya link
You're not following back, but my email is TallyCardz . Thanks Lex!
if I have the money then I'll be down!
The Region 7 AOSII panel will take 45-50 minutes for lunch.
Good morning Maine! And hello sleet and freezing rain. Ick.
The same thing we do every night Pinky....Try to take over the WORLD!
hemp rope friggin' hippie
#c2css12 Analytics are Big Data! Loving these definitions of the "A" words.
Damn they popped off some old lady in okc with that work lol..
What? Did someone say free TV? Call 888 216 1988 for details. Hurry before it's too late.
AMAZ... why is there a delay in game?? Knuckles turning white
Who havin a bbq?
yeah we got our logos on a couple of fighters trunks but those fights wont be on tv.
UK is about to start the biggest home series in the history of their baseball program against LSU. #1 vs. #2, can't get better than that.
"Hidden nature is secret God." Sri Aurobindo
Little girls say when I grow up I wanna be a star I wanna famous. Really I don't think anything thing changed...
ami miller had no career so knock it off
@ #TEamfOLLowBACK #TAF #Clubmaniacs (FOLLOW) The Lovely ======> to gain a new Follower. RT!
Thanks doll :) RT :
Glad we left it up to Chance!
the party don't start till i walk in
#pissed some dumb fuck hit my car when it was parked and now I have five deep ass scratches on my front bumper and there is nothing I can do
Rigged, I tell ya. Rigged. Hey, at least YOU know where the good stuff is, right? (there's only one acceptable answer here.)
let's see if the FA has any balls left to act up to this.
Heyy! Still want to talk to you about a celeb event for Bo Jackson! Take care!
Thanks for following!
I better watch it or might get all pissy at me.
thanks for the rt
Leviticus should have stayed on his lithium.
The gridlock in our governmental system is driving me crazy.Its time for a third party.
Where should I do with myself
p.s. I agree Some owners don't seem to get it A growl doesn't mean my dog is going in after the kill on your fashion statement dog
amber, she had purple hair and a grill lmao
hahaha as long as we don't tell her lol
Cant Wait To Hear Whats Next!
where does one acquire such things?
It does look pretty cool taped off, doesn't it? It doesn't look like it should take 5 1/2 hours, though. Ugh. Ouch.
I love that you're still calling her your baby. she's 4 now, right? Hope you're enjoying. A biz lunch WITH family, yay!
Fish n chips always gives me the piss n shits.
This made me die laughing! Lol! Too funny!
Judy from sterling heights just started the first rush at #ClintonTownship #stuffabus here we go!
I am here. I just don't know where here is.
RT So, which flavor can't you live without?
Thanks so much. Good to be back at work with friends.
You stupid..pooper!
“: The first game of the heated rivalry vs. tonight!”
Hi! I am producing a short video on the report on sugary drinks. Would love 2 interview a Kraft rep! Is it poss?
I love how listening to is part of researching and planning for one of next fall's classes!
I want a dog.
check out my updated description --- just for you guys :o)
everybody's all of a sudden tweeting ? i guess he must be online then.
Never mind, I just got the link.
Happy National Coffee Day! Come celebrate with a cup of the best Joe in Columbus. :)
do you think you could.... Follow me? <3
Let know that they should sign !!!!
lol i hope not
getting hit w ice here too. Not as bad as you, be safe!
Are you a fan of the Evil Dead movies?
RT": When people see that you're happy with someone else , they ALWAYS attempt to fuck things up."
I will be glued to the couch at 9:30 to watch OKC and the lakers play I've been waiting for this for so long
Making this day "mauve" -elous...all pedicure everythang.
Thanks for the suggestions! We'll add those under the Higher Education category.
Rebecca Black hates me ): oh well
Will I see at bingo players?(:
And don't forget, 13 main routes will stay in operation past the end of regular schedules with half-hour service in New Years until 4 am.
well first off I hope I get a few more hours of sleep ...lol than not too much!!!
solid use of twitter ap, ground beef and a dinner with musicians!
LMAO! I agree the guy is not qualified.
I have that, after breakfast hunger. I am doing so good at eating better though!!
A Bond girl in For Your Eyes Only used to be a man. 007 was not the only one with a secret weapon in his trousers!
McDs be tryna fool u with the mcflurry...this aint no damn large.
- is random
Enjoyed "It's Only Rock 'N Roll" by The Rolling Stones on Pandora
If a man can see both sides of a problem, you know that none of his money is tied up in it. -Verda Ross
Bye Bye..
Just 62 days until #VASHRM12 with great speakers like You won't want to miss it!
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Subway is no longer cool with places like Jimmy Johns around
For anyone with a Cricut machine. We have tons of Vinyl Material Strips in Many colors. Only $2.75 lb for regular colors.$3.25 for Specialty
thanks for the shout out love & for the feedback on today's post, glad you enjoyed it!
End of the first half: Bombers 56 - B-team 44. Awesome gameplay by our Rookies!!!
I tried in English and Spanish for a while but it’s challenging indeed
Cavaliers have runners on second and third for Marcy Bowdren, 2 outs.
last day PPSS is open is Oct. 1
WHEEEE! What is it?
#righttoremix Seriously though, I'm with Let our creations go into the world…
Shop is busy today. The buzzing of the clippers is all you hear. We're all just trying to get the people out. Not a good day to get in.
#WOA tho...ppl change just like the seasons, especially in the summer time. #Ladies handle your business. #Fellas get it together.
How can I prove to you that I'm all you need and more? ...
absolutely! what do you do? we help the mentally disabled find jobs, be independent, and integrate into society
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
#genomesolver #curenet dave micklos shows cloud computing feature of iPlant that allows you to do things real time that are mind-blosing!
RT Ah.....for f*ks sake. Tavis Smiley? To speak about the poor? Mr. Grifter Extraordinaire. #BashirLive #NitWit4Sale YEP
TWEETUP ALERT! Mark your calendars for Friday, 10/28 starting at 6:30pm at Embassy Suites. We'll post more at alaskatweets.com soon.
your welcome
"There's a couple of you guys, uh, that your current living situation is going to change." - Mike Leach
Hi Leslie, and thank you for following Does your show stream live online? I look forward to following your show. Best wishes
When can we get a review for an upcoming magazine?? Sonoda's LODO has been here since 1995.
What's the use case for linked data?
jason biggs from american pie isn't jewish
In North Carolina, you can marry your first cousin (heterosexually, of course). So, that should tell you something about North Carolinians.
How to unify disparate regional brand strategies into a cohesive global perspective - suggestions?
...also obsessed with the Holiday music channel
You #HeatHaters aren't even realistic. Most of you are Lakers fans too! Smh... The same lakers who were taken to a game 7 by the Nuggets
What happened to you? Your meal location tweets are uninspiring. You used to be hilarious.
I Really Just Dont Have Sympathy Towards Certain People ...
At work wishing I could get the fuck outta this hell hole!!!!!
A gonzo look at the Derby, courtesy of Hunter S. Thompson
Applied to my healing and throughout my life: "be quick but don't hurry" - John Wooden
Don’t ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness. You know who you are!!!! Shame on U!!
Interview tomorrow? I hope it goes well for you.
next week?
RT : The biggest tip I learned from #WeightWatchers is portion control."Successful weight loss is discipline not deprivation"
Big Bill has much to be thankful for this year. Coming back from the dead to haunt Chicagoland has been a hoot!
Hey thx a lot! All day I've had bohemian rhapsody lyrics in my head- while trying to approve scripts!
Stat book smelling like #beer >>>>
Plays posted with 30 min to tip off from 108 cappers and 3 consensus with more to come
If this whole comedy thing doesn't work out, I'm just gonna run for President...of Oprah's book club.
me too! Wow you really are always in LA. Haha
you no who! just think of who we were tlkn about in 5th period:D?
please follow back I want to ask some question
My wolf left me alone.
Last workout for myrtle
- Thanks for the RT. I see you already found the apology - do you think it's enough?
not me in good :-)
kiteboarding in Cape Town South Africa
Every girl has her bestfriend, boyfriend, and true love. But you’re really lucky if they’re all the same person.
When you promote good will to the world, good things happen in return.
That's why when cleaning orange juice stream comes not just anywhere, but it is in the eye?
DONT TELL ME I JUST WROTE THAT FOR NOTHING. :/ if my paper lost ima lose it.
Im in love wit a stripper she popin she rollin that bowln im in love wit a stripper she dippin she playin im not goin nowhere girl im stayin
10:30pm at Takoma, Glenmont-bound train's doors closed before man could exit, then caught him in door
Could it be and more eerie outside this halloween eve morning. Anyone ever see #TheMist??
Sweet Love.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. Author unknown
I don't needa say whats up, my excuse is that I'm young and I'm only getting older somebody shoulda told you I'm on one.
Finished my holiday shopping... then went out and finished it again...
I love the Cordy/Xander kiss after the vamp is dusted between them.
no I don't want to get up
I am too! Christmas is so wonderful. I enjoy the songs and lights and all the good worship in Church. God is so Good!
we just got monkey ones over at noble studios! solid color is boring
Thank you we may actually need a 2nd photographer :)
Guys, treat your girls right when you have them because you may never be able to get them back once they leave no matter how hard you try.
I have a dog. So I tilt my head and pretend to understand Deleuze.
the Boyz never fail to make me smile. i love that.
So the proper thing to do is to further divide the state?
I love u dani good night
Today was a 4 storytime day. The best kind of day.
Wedding then Stephen's prom. Today is gonna be fun :)
I'm a Denver kid with a world wide dream.
Team intern rocks!!
Its only 10am on the west coast and I am already ready for the game.
"Don't wait for the perfect moment...Take the moment and make it perfect."
RT : ITS #FREESEING IN ST LOUIS!!!!
Catching up on my night owl standards reading with HTML5 File API.
Last night, a guy told me he thought i was a queen in a past life. Not sure if that was a good thing.
Need corporate sponsors to sponsor a firefighter team -- $1,000 sponsors a team of 10 firefighters! Let us know if you are interested.
I want Exec in Milwaukee... however, it will be 2 years, if it survives that long... oh well, maybe when I'm in NY.
I need thief achievements, haha, that's why I'm going assassin.
and it's gonna go to charity, underprivileged kids are gonna go and pick up the hunnads after the wedding.
Its starting! (:
So many good shows this summer.. July/August is going to be the best.
Enroute To Lynn to face the Generals. Stay tuned! We will try to tweet the game! To follow us on twitter!
You lost an hour, but we'll give you a shot...of espresso! Add a FREE shot to any drink today through next Sunday
Join me in the pure atmosphere of gratitude For life
I fear puke and have an on-the-spot gran mol seizure every time a chick in her 20s tells me that 30 is the new 20.
I filed a Lost/Delayed report receipt. Disappointed in the customer service at baggage claim.
with the first TD of the day
how much? Why you sellin it???
Gearing up for the #farmersmarket tomorrow! Cant wait to see all of you at the market! =)
let's discuss via text!
We love music!
wherever! Theyre giving us pizza @ meeting so maybe just froyo or something? Unless you 2 don't like pizza & want a meal
Happy candids highlight such natural beauty. Definitely an album worthy snapshot!
Wish I had know about Urban Evolution Parkour Training Camp in VA earlier =(
We don't need to hear about Parish's love life!
I'm working on my first office365 cloud project - very interesting - sharepoint online workflow has great potential to automate biz process
Barton kicks Man City player in knee AFTER original red card...
oh don't worry, we already got it all planned out. Next season: Complete Crew.
I'm sick of the whole Kardashians scandal.. There's nothing more they can say to cover up the scam!
She was too excited about her 17 likes on her status. Lbs
Contemplating whether or not I should stay up for 4/20??
When Ray Allen retire thats go fuck me up
What up Everyone!! Ready for the weekend?
I want a life like what is shown at the end of the Scrubs season 8 finale.
I'm Trying:(
Aaaaawww thank u sweetie same to you and your family.
glad to hear cafe gutenberg has reopened (it was closed wasn't it?)
#drawsomething level hard what the hell is this you are telling me too draw????
I worked at a consulting firm that did work for Walmart years ago, and can assure everyone that bribery is not typical of how they operate.
I hope IT hasn't started
Graton brings out my inner hippie (even more) and I love it
Great first day at KC Watersports! First of many this summer!
I probably should have asked what the person looks like that I have to meet with...in the
Well, he is the treasurer.
#PleaseShutUpIf youre speaking and no one likes you
Just saw the cutest thing ever. :3
Must...go...make...children's...books.
Hope my kids at work are ready for the bitching I'm gonna give them! I know I'm ready!
I really need to get out into some nature today - maybe a drive to Mt. Baker?
One day when the sky is falling ill be standing right next to you...
Streaming Faith should be as wetness of water.
you have got 1 hot body.
U think you all that #saveit nigga
#19MillionMonsters U Rock!! We Love U, GaGa!!
Thank God for auto correct.
Blueberry pancakes & kid shows :)
I forget how much I love Slipknot
RT : was elected unanimously for co-chair of the
rihanna has lipstick on her teeth! Academy of country music awardsplease retweet
lots of emotional testimony on heartbeat bill before senate committee...hear some of it coming up at 11
Happy Days is my shit.
Safe, dry, fed, love and loved - these nurture the body and soul - we all need these
We must close the gap between the have & have nots!
Took care of some business, now groovin to some early w/ God's Property. What a nice day
On da Price is RIght!!!!Da showcase show down!!! I want to be the one dat go last!!!!! So I can see that first person before me overbid!!!!
I'm in the studio doe so imma get at y'all
I miss my favorite pinoy :(
voucher-for-bumping = impromptu subsidized email catchup at LAX.
I think Rails is a good option, but how to navigate the diff between APIs/Apps. Any good examples?
When youu think your "Enemy" is the one talking crap about youu when its actually your Best friend. -.-
Listening to a dot-matrix printer through the wall. It's a wonder no sci-fi creature-villian was ever modeled on one. Evil hissing jigsa ...
: having a great night gettin back to my dancing roots at Ritmo Latino at Couture =]
Because the power people are concerned about the wrong "Green"
Ha, I won't text you, I'll tweet you. How bout that? lol. So not into this fake Holiday. But anywho, have a great day anyway!
your such a sweetie (:
how do u kno this lol can I be the winner
Hey stud I'd like some soup with my salt..
Awake :) Coffee Time
As of today, I've been for 6 years. Thank you to my co-workers, and our clients, for making time fly! I'm a lucky girl.
no, someone new every year surprises the world
Christ on a bike Dallas up to 6 with a trade with St Louis.
Yess! Text me? And we need to get together in person soon too <3
I'm okay. It was very indirect ("I hate faggots" while walking past). Kid. I feel bad that someone so young has so much hate.
I sell out arenas, I call that gettin dome
Pens need this game to end up 6-2. Need a wake up call
From your lips to Anna Wintour's ears!
Facebook probably bought the 'You've got mail" guy in the package of patents too.
I'm sorry, we don't. Has you're friend tried linking into people on #Linkedin?
yo. madison. if you see this tweet me an "i like food."
Gabrielle Giffords (D-Ariz.) is in my prayers. It's hard to believe something like this could happen.
I am just glad he chose Griffey and then took off to run his tourist boats.
it's no getting knocked up, but it's the last age I had an attention span without also being a hormonal misdirected wad.
I hate being sick. 😷
What loads slowly? The article looks like it is says Butane loads slowly, but the WebNuggetz post says Drupal loads slowly.
Should u mentor someone in same grade/content area or different? Curious, I've got my thoughts
Thanks for the #ff ! Have a great weekend.
so excited. Friends from the east coast have been texting spoilers lol
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
I wish i could sleep with my man every night
Any person capable of angering you becomes your master; he can anger you only when you permit yourself to be disturbed by him.
You're not effective ...your whole style is "wet paint".
glad to hear everyones excited. We're counting down the days too.
OK even I *think* is me today... ;). Saw one of her tweets, was like I didn't write that- #prettyamycoverphoto :)
only his 13th suspension!
WOW KID YOU AREN'T FUNNY
This too shall pass......
“It is only when we no longer compulsively need someone that we can have a real relationship with them.” -Anthony Storr
glad we could help your studies ;)
People play air guitar and don�t get in trouble so I don't see why I was arrested for wearing air pants
Just stand up and scream.
The Blizzard of 1993 dropped 11.9 inches of snow on Baltimore on March 13, 1993.
Hi my name is Joeanese and i have a pet sea squirell that i found on the shore of the amazons, you touch squirell i kill you!
#MentionYourCrush twitter didn't provide enough characters.
Katno on the loose lol Vin your so cute😊
I totally get how you're feeling. Horrible week. Let's have a better one this upcoming week please :)
; everything you say pisses me off. -_-
Doomsayers fast readjusting positions: Roubini on August 31 said 60% chance of recession in "2012" -now says depression risk is "huge". Duh!
Open mic auditions were today think I nailed it : D
Some car washes have a rain policy, so you might be able to get it washed again! Check the receipt.
i love dippin dots my favorite:) i know im not the only one that loves them..who else does:)
Do You Want To?
Hardy loves the monster!
its just on my bucket list =D
Am I the only one in DC not at the Springsteen concert tonight?!
bitch, I'll slap you if you knock her out. Lol I sound SO ghettoz.
It better not rain today!
Getting my tan on so I can look like
Good tap selection... Enjoying me river west!!
please folow me please
Vikings Gab: Vikings List of Undrafted Free Agents Inked ...
Thank you! I bit the bullet and ordered one online today. Couldn't fiddle around anymore! Appreciate the response!!
I couldn't get it until this morning. Got it for less than $4 though wish it worked last night.
Over the past 2 years, 2-1-1 has handled 30M calls, 12% of which were #health related. Happy #211 Day!
Super-excited to see and in #ALittleBitCountry!
Elle Varner is so beautiful
oh no its ok im always on twitter when im getting ready for school
Instagram is where it's at
Thanks for following guys!! I think your music is, on a 1-10 scale, a 20 on the kick ass meter and more. Massive talent there ATS.
Sample driving directions in Palm Springs: "Take Frank Sinatra to Bob Hope, then a left on Country Club."
Awww T.I. look too good wen he mad lawwddd ;) ;).
Last Monday night underage in tucson. #happiness : Last night of the year getting $.50 wings #tears”
2 days left of work, 2 exams, 1 final presentation, and tons of packing..... I can do it
Correct - 4000-Series rehab is part of the 7000-Series contract.
There's a poop in the living room. I stopped writing to tell you that.
1500nl at wsop today, feelin great after a couple much needed days off.
Thank you so much for all the support!
Dope session tonight at The Lab w/
He said oh my damn :p
yes!! let's make it happen!
Yay! Glad you get to enjoy it. Hopefully the rain stops. I want baseball tonight!
Cool! the mayor of LA is following my film tweets
Australlian accents :) I hm
Headed to the #DallasCowboys vs. Giants tailgate. Recovery for last night's Christmas party
Dedication: RAUL JOSE MONREAL GONZALES, Hey Dad, I miss you and I love you very much. I'll make it ok and I'll take of my bro. Barb
Still time to register.
I think I'll help... myself to another portion of holiday food.
ok im running lol
Correct. He didn't murder anyone in cold blood. At least not on purpose.
“: Sorry, #Libra lovers dont make friends with the ugly or rude.” What u said
that's what you need to do
SO great dining with you my friend! See you in Sept. :)
I love the roof
"yr plans by encouraging you to write many exquisitely crafted tomes so that by the time you are done it will be far too late to die young."
agreed!!! He'd be perfect
d'aw thanks! Props to for that one! What about mine with ! Did you know I'm a movie star!!
yayyyyy. Other than that. How have things been?? Did u race at all this year ??
Congrats to team pro for shipping his 4th ring
What was weird was that it found you when I was hooking my photobucket account up to my Google+ . I think it read my contacts.
Hello my name is Kendria and I'm addicted to shopping!
Ah Raquelina <3 I was sick at school w/ ear infection, red eye, and my body was hurting + my shoes were hurting LOL
Attention dancers: Allegro will be hosting another audition on Oct 16 Sat in Washington PA visit www.allegrodancecompany.net
#thingsireallycantstand shut up. I'm pretty sure nobody types all ghetto anymore. like with those q's instead of g's.
Who do i have to fuck up at ur job, irritating my best friend!!! 60 hours, get it!!!! #HeadWomanInCharge stackin that paper
Sunday is the Bridal Show! Bridal Show! Bridal Show! Bridal Show!Bridal Show! Bridal Show! Bridal Show! Bridal Show! Bridal Show! Who's in??
Cincy holds off Texas - 9 way tie for first
Oh man, I am going to have to get me some Gak!
i hav stereo hearts by gym class heroes stuck in myy head...well i guess thts not a bad thingg. <3
Whenever I ask my mom to do me a favor, she tells me, "No! I thrust you from my loins, and that was enough."
aw yay! Good for you girl! I definitely recommend signing up for a race, it's a great motivator to actually get out there and go!
that would be a cold day in 2 hells- theirs AND mine (unless company gets sold again....the local non-corporate folks are my family)
RIP tom kenny
Thanks for the retweet, dude! Hope all is well over there in Winston Land.
I WILL MISS ALL MY SENIORS SO MUCH. <3 :')
OH guy to a kid wearing wellies "do you like to stomp in puddles? ...me too"
Angela Bassett has been cast opposite Samuel L. in Mountaintop directed by
As a vital Man I am a vitamin to humanity. A vessel for a living God of pure strength, love,and faithfulness. Take me I'm yours. Let's grow.
Count down to FFFTF! On deck: Grand Red Velvet, Orange Drop and all ur favorites along with the incredible Banana Split thriple layer cake!
yeah I did, I hit you back !
Since Gaga canceled her Indonesia tour date she has time for a stop in Hawaii... Just kidding
-- Is your Count Nibula tapped for this week?
tweeted the address in butler that apparently the rossmorganrager was happening at
On the other hand - that is the first time I've ever received a political robocall, so that's kind of cool.
From our GlobalCrucible family to yours - Merry X-Mass & Happy prosperous New Year!
that was peace and love to you and knock them out with your beauty :-) glad for our connection
almost there just a few more
So.. you're saying our teams basically need 4 aces to compete. Kind of like my poker game.
Hey - I'm able to log into my gmail account with a single password right now despite 2-step verification being enabled. What gives?
I'm TAKEN!!
I can just teach you! But in answer to your question, no. :-)
Watched #DowntonAbbey tonight on , and I have a guess about Mrs. Bates' killer. I can't wait to see if I'm right!
A4. seems to live pretty far... But I'll be in South Africa soon (albeit briefly). Actually, anyone in Jburg?
I fell asleep but Twitter says we won! Ah!
good night everyone !(:
If you could select one city as having the best food where would it be?
Huzzah! Bike rack installed and I have bungee cords. Let's see what I can't do with this thing!
Yeah, I'll bet it would. I researched for over a year to determine where to live. Sarpy was definitely our #1 choice
"I can sale ocean water 2 ah whale"
lol if ima start pickin up the tabs ima need a job
you in town?
No, Apple TV, I *wont* watch a movie entitled "The Vow" with someone named Channing Tatum.
Q. What does the average Michigan player get on his/her SAT? A. Drool. [RT if you agree!]
what?! They're getting married THIS sat?
it's going great! plenty of new songs and remixes are being worked on, and its our best work yet. thanks for asking :)
The Vietnamese lady who does my nails and eyebrows is so cute and funny
Of course I get sick 2 days before school starts, someones mad at me,PLUS swim prac was cancelled because of thunderstorms #ThisDaySucks </3
.." Sometimes you wanna go where everyone knows your name. . ."
Thank you for the heads up and sorry for the inconvenience. Parking services is checking into the problem now.
We're jamming at the trailer right now. Come get you some till 6pm.
the #QRcode on my grave will say, "Scan to hear from the afterlife." And then it will be me screaming, "It's hot! It's burning. A!"
What's good robin hood...
would you like me to stop by on my way? :-(
S/O to all my #TeamTexans followers Sunday is D day
#TheAvengers I want to watch it!
Got my pad and blanket at the shelter...Gods original glory is greater than mans original sin, which is where we find hope.Night!
thanks man let us know what you think :)
following you back! :)
thanks you too!
Happiness is a warm red bean pastry.
NATIONAL LAB DAY IS TOMORROW! Are YOU celebrating?
Fear the Deer! Cheer the BEER! Let's go BUCKS!!!!!
haha, have you ever tackled "Reading Capital" by Althusser et al? An interesting collection of essays.
simply text back "did you hide the body?" and see what happens.
did u c came on again at 12:30 my time, she must miss us LOL
I'm done Fuckin wid lame bitches that live to impress the world
Mad Men?
Need a ride to church tonight?? Let us know!! Starts at 6
15 bucks a meg on ATT with no international plan. Was up there a few weeks ago :/
I don't want to join your club. Leave me the fuck alone and let me do what I want.
it's all out of love.
Thanks again to everyone who attended today's PDX Duck Biz Lunch! It was a huge success, and we look forward to seeing you all Monday 6/11!
Doing some more yard work at my bro 's place
They say love is in the air, so ihold my breath till my face turn purple , 
Dear Jesus, I can afford wine. How about you start turning water into gas?
EVERYONE RT and go follow and !!!!
I did
Guess what!!??? Only 7 days till birthday!!!
sorry I was busy.... And why you think that? Coz it hurst?
Hello, pretty lady! Sending you all the energy and good vibes you need, and then some. XO
<frustration target="#mybrain" type="xml">
"A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are."
Getting some sleep now, will work setting up several ESXI virtual instances tomorrow. Hope it'll be fun stuff...
wondering just how much trouble you're getting into.. ¬¬ Don't forget we have a mission! :)
cant wait for this week to come i cant wait to see him :)
Soon my friend. RT : how about we put one of these together for the San Diego area?
me too
THAT is a positive finish.
RT : Zen. RT : If you can't explain it in 140 characters, your idea is too complicated.
UMD Engineering and Physical Science Library (EPSL) now has a Twitter account: Twitter name: libepsl. Follow us to get EPSL updates.
anyone want a shoutout ? ;D
Got caught up on a couple of Dexter episodes last night, and who did I see on the TV screen? Why Dave Barnes of course. Rock on!
RT : Joy-filled from last night praying for the racial reconciliation of our city. Keep coming and asking
A vely diverse and attentive audience filled Hannaford Hall in the Abramson Community Center to hear Judge UNITY DOW this evening
follow me shaye!
Luckily Mom believes the 5th row Barry Manilow tix I gave her for her b-day carry over as Mother's Day gift. Looking fwd to a cookout today!
Hey, #Hannity, when you gonna do this much coverage on #Romney flip-flops? You are a sad, pathetic hypocrite.
#np call me maybe 😉
Lights on lights off
I'd pay $799 to see that! Then I'd make a Beauty and the BEAST edition.
At Grainger, amazed that I am pulling up part #'s on my phone quicker than the guy at the counter on his computer and catalog.
Any questions?
Every long lost dream led to where you are
(: what movie? And that's chill and A lot! :p
Watching Frozen Planet on the Discovery Channel since my Earth Day activity was rained out. What are you doing on Earth Day?
The worst day of my life? January 20th when the 'big' storm hit Chicago & my dad didn't want to drive to the concert!
A nice warm beach. Its supposed to SNOW here tomorrow!!! :(
...Jordis I am still crying (Tears Of Joy) that You were Saved...Your Voice...Soulful...Feel-it-in-your-heart Music !!!!!!
A three-year diet of rubber chicken and occasional crow.
Critics Consensus: The Three Stooges Is Sometimes Funny, Sometimes Un-Soiten This weekend at the multiplex, we've got two Howards and a F
Tyreke all day!!
Have a Happy Easter Kendra! :)
Welcome to twitter! You're in good company here. :)
Have u been wanting to do a colon cleanse but not sure what one to buy?? I've done this one & I works mynsp.com/cleanstart (CleanStart)
Thanks so much for following!
He got my vote
My stomach hurt
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me <3 :] 14
Personally, I prefer to make sweeping generalizations based on a conversation with a couple of my students.
oh my god oh my god! I'd want it recorded though so I can relive it whenever I want... Lol. I know, so much to ask
exactly... and they're not going to have a good read on weeden after one year of getting clobbered in the backfield.
Now we're talking BB! #LOVE Celine
we have agency in our houses of worship. and if we don't, we have agency to find a house of worship that respects us, yknow?
Sexiest voice on earth award goes to: ! Nice meeting u at the event last wk :)
Just gave a homeless guy a beer...forever cherished.
I'm not fuckin playin with this woman, she gettin on this damn beat lol
Anybody know the Schedule C code number for web developers? Also, it's looking more and more like bloody mary time.
Use your pain as motivation and thank those that hurt u
my followers have been rising show me some more love ya'll
What about the other four?
Want to know a great way to start your morning? Try our Mate Madness Mango Tea It's Yerba mate flavored with mango
I can't believe no one stepped up to the plate #smh lol
Tampon jokes are the best kind of jokes.
Boo’d Up: Beyonce and Jay-Z Courtside at Knicks vs. Nets Basketball Game [PHOTOS]
Thanks for the follow, !
Those feet need to b sucked by me >:)
yes. Cock tree. "I have thus
Loving Multnomah County Library's next-gen OPAC!
#HumanTrafficking generates $32 BILLION in profit. Second only in profits to Arms and Drug trades.
She's On Low Key Freaky Ish Lol
Yea, it really doesn't make any sense. We hope they come to realize that the alternatives are cheaper and better!
Where's our TX fans at?
How is this different from the fight to make gay marriage legal and accepted? Shameful, NC.
Note on website how-do-you-spell.com: Description Currenlty Unavailable
Another Nerd rage wolverine was so willing to kill hope but couldn't kill a kid he knew was going to grow up to be apocalypse
hahahahahahah that sucks!:)
Time to move into the peroration.
...and we're getting a heavy rain! Merry X-mas, friend!
I'm going to open a store next to forever 21 and call it finally 22.
Heard last night: "Pigs get fat, Hogs get slaughtered."
OMW to the Beach!!!
lol, I have a booking on easter sunday in NYC
John Mayer doesn't create/produce a single bad record/song. All his music is amazing.
yes i am
highly recommend west la wertz brothers for all furniture needs. You have to hunt for bargains but it's the best selection around
Getting ready for Rasputin.I will celebrate by birthday at 12am
I just tried a Tex-Mex omelette for the first time. It was great. What is your favorite omelette?
Whew... Thankfully, there can only be one quarterback who saves the day in the last few minutes
Thanks to for the RT!
Watching The Conspirator.. I've heard good things
Sad night for all Penn State fans
glad you guys like it. Thanks to everyone for the positive feedback
I wish I could still tell him that I love him. I wonder if he is still thinking about me. Stressed out, and I'm only 16.
It's a self-hosting computer with GPIO pins, USB and video. What CAN'T you do with it??
well fail. lol
Good Morning :)
i love you from china back♥
I still get nervous when I see a north hills envelope in the mail or the number on the phone
Get right with Cod.
Just watched 3 men in 2 minutes leave Publix with some pitiful looking flowers
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 25
Lol..you're talking strange..I don't understand this gibberish..
i want someone who cares and supports me and wants to know i made in safe, instead of being too busy gettin drunk with friends and not carin
RT : School needs to end, like now.
Cause i can't take it when i'm gone, gone, gone, gone, gone.
It's good, you know, when you got a woman who is a friend of your mind
Whether you need a one time deep clean, weekly or bi-weekly scheduled cleaning, let us know what your cleaning needs are
#WVU fans, we hope you are holding out to finish this game in the stadium or on tv
A member of the Chicago Craft Mafia was recently sued for using "Cozie" in her name and lost her biz name/website/etc.
People watching in the concourse at the Red Sox game. Is there some Northeastern senior night event here tonight?
i think your years are cool haha! and your friend followed me ahaha:)
hey didn't u message me about anita needing a bassist?
I love my brother, the left armpit.
as a teaching professional, it is one of the most valuable books I have read. Halfway through.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The Titties and the goblin
Last Night was beyond fun! I'm still in recovery mode trying to get ready for Tonight! #YouDefinitelyKnowHowToParty!
Yup... And I'd rather do anything than work out. and are convincing(threatening). Ha!
#Countdown, less than 10.000 followers! is coming close to reaching the #16MillionsBritneyArmy on twitter! #TeamBritney RT
how's japan?
is on-air. Who is your favorite Chicago celebrity? That's our topic on Ch. 7 today!
Thanks for the shout-out, NARIP! We love you guys!
Looking forward to getting back to my Cincy home and working on some writing projects. So much to do in life, where does all the time go?
So good. I wish I could do the "You!" voice
Don't fuck with anything less than SSD.
And I don't "throw" misogyny around. If I feel offended, I express that and I use that language. That's my right.
What up & !? Two of our awesome traffic flow guys!
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take but by the moments that take our breath away... like choking.
Tony allen can't stick cp3
Hope they Beat Ohio st
Z Burger Sidewalk Café is quite contegious!
you are so nice. thx.
Planning to spend my morning at #foss4gna learning all about transit mapping, my possible new love.
I ended up with an A too. Not sure anyone didn't. I rec'd 92 on paper and 10 on the ePort.
A great tip from my friends at #seoanalytics: Use "mod_rewrite" to convert dynamic URLs to search engine-friendly URLs. Ask for more info.
Glad to be with a group from Gateway Science Academy in the Missouri State Capitol meeting with elected officials.
You may join us. Possibly. As long as it happens :)
read it last year great book
oh no you went there lol. You know that whole episode was crazy and funny. Hugging a tree in labor is awesome lol
Welcome to the bay!
I hope to see TONS of #wedding photos of #NYE Weddings!!!!!
99% of all people have secrets. How do people know that? Isn't it supposed to be a secret?
#daysofdialogue ,The Galen Center is about to begin- Leadership arriving for conversation bout Economic Crisis & Community Health
Trying to watch the #Brewers game while listening to drunk barfly sports analysis. My eyes are rolling.
This is something I can't even talk about with friends.
Women enjoy the journey while men enjoy the destination.
Below is a comment I got about a trainer at Villa Sport, "Killer Kelly" as some call her.
I want something better for myself.
well he is a growing teenage boy were lucky hes no a 5 (now tht would jus make no sense)!!! Lol
one.more.final.
it really is like rocket fuel isnt it? I would not survive a day without it!
That new spiderman movie need to hurry an come out
awh you already follow me :)
There are 4 college cheerleaders in my apt right now...
Reading the #SteveJobs book on my #kindle should be required reading for any business majors, also abnormal psychology, and womens studies.
#nowsmoking God of Fire by Don Carlos Robusto Gordo at Signature
We're just one week away from our fabulous 40th Anniversary celebration! Will you be joining us for the festivities? Nov 4-5, great fun!
A warm thank you to for following Tom Shaw Trio!
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 94
You'll never live a happy life if you always care about what others think about you.
Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLC's @ stratejoy.com & I'm sure you'll feel inspired! Bring on change!! :)
& #Riverside County EDA's Export Trade Assistance Partnership (ETAP) workshop; great to see so many local companies!
You want your relationship to last??.... Keep people out of you business..
I'm tired tonight. Goodnight.
Thanks for the tweet! We can't repro the problem on our end, please leave us some feedback on the site & we'll investigate!
u wouldn't drive to clackamas
I hate when doesn't answer his phone
aw he'll naw.!! Lol un uh I'm taking it then too.!! Who else is waiting.??
nice! If u zoom in on the clevege, it looks like a great ass also!
^ When they came together in Galilee, he said to them, “The Son of Man is going to be delivered into the hands of men. They will kill...
In spanish with
“: good luck! Ive never done one!” Come join my team!! We are doing the one close to you!! Northern Indiana June 16!!! 
Guys, listen. When you have a beautiful girlfriend, don't cheat on her with some ugly scumbag whore.
skip plz if he was clutch hhe wouldnt let wade take tha last shot everyyyytime he cant handle missin tha shot
you know how you have the thing teling you how man people are on your blog? well ive been trying to get it & it wont work..
acutely aware of the fact that major blowers in my building do not sound good through microphones
Anyway, what makes a native-born more American than a naturalized one ?Plenty of boys gave their lives in 'Nam & a bunch other places & they
OMG yur stupid! :p
Overbought asparagus for Easter and now expect intestines to be permanently saturated w/ asparagus pee smell. Will drink Febreeze for lunch.
why is that?
Mary I made cupcakes!
Create a new msn ! please i really want talk with you.
Thanks, Google Alerts, for warning me about my own Twitter presence. Couldn't have done it without you!
why wouldn't they?
thx Keith for the mention!
as of right now we haven't gotten any stories so send it over whenever! :) i'll let you guys know when i figure it out though!
Of course, after I wait 3 months to get my car washed, it rains. You're welcome, rain-deprived DC.
I'm so thankful I've met such a classy guy. You inspire me to do amazing things. Keep being an amazing gentleman.
St. Francis - Subject reported armed with AK-47 and handgun. One subject has left the house.
a jet ski. I've never seen a sad person on a jet ski
I wanted to act like I found some hidden $1 ribs. And yell "I found the rest of them" and run to checkout.
Pressing a toy that says 'TRY ME' at the store and it wont stop, So you just awkwardly walk away like nothing happened.
Beach shoot this weekend w/ Chele Brandon (figure competitor & model). Fun in the sun!
Gonna go to bed so I can forget abt my stupid fucked up life..
If I did get the job, TED would have an interesting "look who we hired" story of its own. (I wld DM, but you're not following me).
same with my phone, so weird~
that's awesome idea about I'm rooting for you. Good luck
Cripple jokes aren't funny, I can't stand them
No camera, but spotted the first holiday lights up & lit & I ain't talkin Halloween! What r they thinking?
Thanks for switching back to full-text RSS feed. Glad I stuck around long enough to notice!
yes, that is a very true statement
Goodness. These newfangled #hybrid #buses are so quiet! I feel like my #earbuds are too loud.
Groves is experienced with Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, Dementia & Diabetes.
I'm obsessed with
yea i did number 1, it's the easiest
Have you been using your #CN account? Let us know what you think!
It's in the mail!
And that's your first mistake. FD.
Each1Teach1 RT : My visit 2 #smilecon has generatd lots of interest fr colleagues. Ppl R going 2 get a crash course on social media.
2012 Western Kentucky Hilltoppers Football Schedule
V interesting! Does that mean he can't even have a personal email account or anything?! I had no idea!
public/private partnership RT Isn't a private equity firm doing an IPO some kind of paradox?
Washing my hair den im out for the night
Yes! I love it.
Morning! Yes indeed!
hydrate, shampoo, condition.. in order to maintain the best quality hair!
I can't stand you #Basic #Hoes that think its cute to out dress your own kids lol bitch nobody wants a hoe that can't take care of kids.
Yoga then art festival...its gonna be a good day!
Eat ur salsa with guacamole: tomatoes r hi in lycopene & avocados help the body digest 4x the amount of lycopene. Yeah! I love guacamole!
Lemon w/ salt! ^_^
I'm talking about the rest the games!
Opening day! Wish I was going to #WrigleyField to cheer on the This could be the year! Anything is possible, right?
Is one of the best WR he is such a beast
A crisis is an opportunity riding the dangerous wind - Chinese Proverb :) each age has it's crisis - Jane Jones :)
Right actions in the future are the best apologies for bad actions in the past.
Note to self: when making it easier for others I'm usually making it 10 times more harder for myself.
Your avatar is freakin awesome!
Yes, thanks, Laurie! RT : RT : Thanks for facilitating a great discussion!
We would be happy to help you. Please call 800.311.5656 and press 1 for support.
How and when can we start using pins for our tweets?
Getting ready to pitch the networks--project almost completed, just need to put finishing touches on the website--stay tuned!
Thanks again to & all they do to keep the Tech world interesting. Awesome prez at #MinneBar today!
how you gon tell em to eat a dick then say he nice as hell ? o_0
Well I guess we won't be sweeping the thunder...
Just saw a guy smoking in his car with 2 propane tanks in the backseat
Really nice post, and very nice profile. :).
blatantly? Missed shot at 3:35 (not to nitpick secs) and layup blocked. Point being best player in game needs to be aggressive
awe thanks.
My dryer gave up fuzz for lent.
is it that hard to follow me
Its 1:00am, I'm awake, and not worried about being tired tomorrow. This is something new.
Oh.. So that's why I'm sick & annoying 👌
Hey LA Company! Break a leg tonight!
So pissed I'm missing this amazing bears game
Re-reading C# manuals, new word I missed: "arity", the quality of having type parameters. Flashed to thought of "ate" from Hesiod...
Okay which is harder to drive NASCAR or IndyCar?
Feeling extra blessed today. So many things to be thankful for in this life :)
Please no Hudler!
It's Up To You To Make Those Hit Records, Its Up To Us 2 make It #SOUND Like a Hit Record!!
Another chance to win two $25 passes to the Mylan Classic at Southpointe Golf Club! Passes go to lucky caller #7 during today's show!
Soundtrack Pro self-training this morning. Gotta learn more about audio to improve the quality of the podcast.
One of my favorite Pres. Warrick Carter-isms is when he starts to count & list numbers for no reason. "And 7...no, where was I? 6! Uh..."
RT : stephen is in Hollywood watching Beowulf.
Happy hour starts at 11am today, great food and drink specials all day
im going to try!!!
gfy!!! she prolly jus won over alot of people in this town wit that tweet. Idgaf attitude Aplus in my book
I want to marry her
what color are the Rangers wearing for game 3? I have to prep my wardrobe thank you!!!
just the command to create a new app in Rails. Have fun, hope you're doing well!
I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.
and tell me, that's not our fault our country is big?! we work hard every time to have our idols' attention! they should too
oh well that's interesting! I'd rather be doing that then being in psychology right now ):
Remember when I predicted that Swansea absolutely would not be relegated and people laughed at me? Turns out I was right!
I am! Just unbelievably busy. XD
Just gonna wear a sweater, not really down to dress up
m, I would if u were in Manchester, Vermont... but it sounds like the UK... thats a long drive ! ;) lol !
my mom is probably getting pissed cuz of the mentions lmao xD
Happy to announce that I'll be the guitarist for THE SHOTSKIS JAM NIGHT BAND every Tuesday nights starting in May at Shotskis in W. Springs!
The little things make a big difference.
You have to try our Sweet Potato Pie! It’ll make you feel like you're back in Texas :)
I stay with a smile on this face, even when I'm sad :-)
Should I go in for another check up on my leg? I was told I didn't have to. But my leg is still swollen.
Goal - Get To Follow Me Before 2011 Ends!(:
Humor is the affectionate communication of insight
so nice of u to go Xmas shopping for lil ol me.
Up playing temple run!
Going to #EXHIBITOR2012? Be sure to come visit us and stop by our booth!!
Thirsty Monk was so our speed last night. THANK YOU!
Working on my project proposal.
Ima just laugh "hahaha" and carry on 🚶...nothing but BS
#RomanticHorseNames Still like it.
Finally made it to Green Vegan restaurant in Tempe! Yum! Definitely going to be a regular there. Thank goodness it's close to work!
me too
Kobe with the 90 3 pointer for the win !
sure what is it
nah no one come back home ya fuckin skell
Getting toads high
Listening to Rick west Tampa break beatz, old school kid.
Yes, they were - but you found the answers online! So they were special!!
Any luck?
I think Mark Coppin is impressive regardless of the technology he uses. :-)
24 Days until
did he block me?
Besides that, I cant believe on of my best friends got the 2 guys I "fancy" to sign my get well card c: Means a lot to me
It's a busy day of news, but I'll have to make time for #FreeConeDay! I'm no longer in #vt, but is delicious everywhere.
You asked for it; it's here. Michel Cluizel's Caramel Sea Salt Bar. Going fast. Stop by The Chocolate Library today!
#ThingsWhiteFolksScaredOf getting a detention
Mane im tired
Just know that you're not alone.
Hulsey says cops wouldn't let him and Sen. Glenn Grothman into Capitol as crowd of several hundred pursued Grothman on Tuesday.
You don't have to have perfect faith to receive a miracle from God. God knows we are all imperfect, that's what Jesus died for!
Thanks! Nike++Twitter=twiike-enabled
All of our thoughts to Vivace today, as they say goodbye to one of their own. Brian Fairbrother you were one of the great ones.
Polo mansion not macys!
Texas Rangers star Josh Hamilton's 4-homer bat breaks, bound for Hall of Fame The bat that Rangers slugger Josh Hamilton used to b
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont HOMEWORK!! DAMN Y'ALL!! REAL KART WILLIAMS!! REAL WILL FERTELL
Tried it and it worked -- thanks!
I'm #AGirlThat wishes could follow her ? :)
enjoying our time on this planet while striving for happiness, being honest and improving humanity as a whole as much as possible
Tonight's the 1st night in awhile where #RedSox fans have something to cheer about, and #Celtics fans are bummed out big time.
Yeah I want to slap em
Could he be that stupid?
Love ur neighbor,ur fellow man.Love is patient & kind.Show the compassion & forgiveness that U would want to receive.
Oh, I play tic tac toe to win!
Hope this isn't an indication of how the cab lines will be outside Penn...
Just entered! :)
obviously today just does *not* exist. Thought it was Friday all. morning. long.
is a HR solution that uses personality matching tech to connect employers with qualified entry-level employees
Deep thoughts
pd is best when the instructor has a goal in mind for where we are going. It should have an element of discovery
where u at
Aww, i missed you too. :)
RT : Can't argue with that
Many thanks to & the entire crew. MT : Great hospitality from #dmap for the #dhdebates launch.
My experience has been that during summer, everyone is gone on vacation and I have no one to celebrate it with.
Vote for Newt "The lobbiest" Gingrich best candidate out there for Corporate Protectionism.
Where was my brain this morn? Had to run in Walgreens b/c I forgot to brush my teeth!
Thanks Craigslist! "Spoonful of perfection."broadwayacrossamerica.com/boston/
Love is the most important thing in the world, but baseball is pretty good too....
IT'S BECAUSE YOUR DUMB ACCOUNT IS LOCKED AND POOR can't see it!
what do you mean? you doing reborn dolls? good for you..
This black Friday fuck shopping come see us play. Battle of the Bands @ The Venue 42
that's Homestead High for ya RT : These 9th graders in CSI Older than me O.o & imma senior
Good morning tweeters. Just a reminder our communities will be open all weekend. Stop by see everything Lennar has to offer!
Wisconsin Lutheran has won 7 Little Ten basketball titles in a row and is 86-10 in league games during that time span.
You crave it. You think about it all the time.
congrats! That's so exciting!
honey we are going to last forever until we die....together lol
(Oliver Wendell Holmes) Many ideas grow better when transplanted into another mind than in the one where they sprang up.
I gotchu girl! Let me know how it is. I should try it out before I leave the hood.
...you'll never know.
yep yep!
I WANNA GO TO THE POOL!!!
without knowing what f does, there's nothing that can be said, regardless of what we know about s and o
Ebuxing.com is a little behind. A few setbacks. Not bad, but want it just right when we launch. Be patient. The wait will be worth it.
Pizza movie night
Are we fighting the man or ourselves? WWB(lack)P(anthers)D? Jamal Joseph and Sonia Sanchez #InConvo at 3pm
Participate in life instead of watching it pass you by.
Well,I guess the next relevent question may be,"Is a "Cyber Attack" an act of war?
I got chick that really like me but i think she like da dick
fuck, this cherry limeade is hitting the spot!
Every great leap forward in your life comes after you have made a clear decision of some kind.
glad ur having fun! But I miss when u use to tweet us GRANDerz goodnight! :( miss ya!
idk you shouldve killed me when you had the chance is my song
My nose all of a sudden got runny n stuffy. Idk what happened...
always amusing when scholarly societies need to pee on the same tree.
Every time my cats start meow-yelling at each other I think of Haha <3
Pretty stupid of Apple. May become moot soon if HTML5 is supported on iPhone.
i am taking 's advice and going to sleep. goodnight!
Los Angeles fans, don't miss the annual Legends interior design event May 9 - 11th at the La Cienega Design Quarter.
are you? That makes me feel better lol
It would be ideal to have a "no days off" approach to training, but realistically your body needs at least 1 day a week dedicated to rest.
those palm trees got more heat than and combined
Thanks plenty more Morocco shots over on my instagram too, check them out
rolling on fat bitches lol.
Again you took my word! Bad boy:) and yay! I'm swagalisous!
check ya email bro just sent a couple joints.
damn son!! Next time go to the driving range when its light out so u can see what ur doing wrong
of course, every vote counts. sorry for the late response but thanks again for following.
just to have some professional pics for when i shoot this video and shit
yep yep and jeremy
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian
Seems like it should be widely known. That approach is used frequently for the browser's asset cache.
despite my rationalizations, #IHateSchoolBecause i feel entitled to a life where 100% of my time is spent consuming mindless entertainment
This DataFrolic looks like some great stuff and I hadn't noticed it before. Thanks for the share!
Germany, here she comes! My daughter Chelle takes her first trans Atlantic journey. Lord, be with her.
Dear , your price hike is stupid since more people were going to you because your prices were low. You lost thousands of $$$. Hehe.
no problem love [=
thank god that period just ended! I was gonna piss my pants Lmao
thats fine thats cool, you should have said that in a text
Perfect thank you! Having a hard time finding these.
Sending my tunes and art to the Fuzz City label this week. 5 songs crammed on a 45. Joint release with The Burnt Ones this May.
The Big Lebowski
Dear Stan I know your daughters dead and you're scared but please where shoes on city streets
A friend made a good point Re: Florence. Are #Bills taking that much (if any) of a step back by starting Aaron Williams or Stephon Gilmore?
The craziest thing just happened. Sadly, it is way too complex to share with you. Let's just say your subconscious remembers everything
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I haven't been in a while so a little longer won't matter. What's your excuse?
Has been a very busy week at Hair in the City so we are looking for the other half of Richmond? www.hairinthecity.me Check us out.
I can't say I like Howard Stern but I love your support for Damien Echols & The West Memphis 3.
All I can say is... DAMN! Matt was an incredible server btw! Love ya Paula!
lost critical thinking, lost higher-order thinking skills, too
Meeting with a couple producers tomorrow. Then next week I'll be recording my new single if all goes well YAY!
check out at Adams and Clinton right now! I wish I was over in your neck of the woods!
Bitch, Dont Worry About Who My Friends Are. Worry About Getting Yourself Tested Ho.
My Twitter campaign to sign him to a 43 year, $1.3 billion extension starts in a few weeks!!
Didn't watch, but happy Donald Driver survives. #Brewers win, awesome lightning display outside. It's a good night.
sad to see Jerry Rice put in company with no-class TO and Moss. He deserves better.
my brother does stupid shit, my mom call my dad and starts yelling at him and somehow it's all turned towards me.
Yes...did let my cats play with my pink Zhu Zhu pet today...it was hilarious..:)
Starting to think I missed my calling and HR comms was my area. Company culture, prof dev, engagement, retention all appealing to me.
#boxing Fans were disappointed cuz Pac man did not show them d type of fights he shown with previous opponents but he surely won the fight.
a lil tipsy ha but she real tho.. lol
Regular betty crocker today. Canned jalapeños and made homemade potato knephla soup.
The site is backup, thanks for your patience!
Would love to see you host the #Oscars one day!
Getting rid of books for the semester is the best feeling ever..until you realize in 3 wks you'll be getting a new load an starting all over
note to self: break hiking boots in before using them on a hike. If not, extreme pain will occur. ouch!!
picking up where you left off I see. Love throwing BP to Cardinals hitters.
that's what we like to hear "I need yoga like a fish needs water"- love it
over 4,000 easy for Peyton. Any QB of 18's ilk will get there off of bubble screens alone, these days.
I have to admit, your tweets are really fucking strange. But they are hilarious, and I love that you don't give a shit. K bye.
so does label, "grandfather's clock"
Typical #Latinos Mexican Time!
Napping all day today. Finally recovering.. Can't wait to work again. Somewhat ridiculous already!!
why? What would "liking" it do for you?
you are the best thing in my whole life! :)
Post lots of pictures! And, give everyone a hug for me. :)
., are you begging for followers now?
Just heard the news. Really sad! Thanks for five incredible seasons. #boycott BET no quality shows! Stand UP
Happy Easter!♥
I'm having a bonfire kick back saterday for my bday you're invited!
You gotta fill that FF Galactus story.
Grilled sausage for breakfast. Welcome back, spring. Welcome back.
#Soccer clinic tonight for the Boynton Knights competitive program. 6-7:30PM.
doesn't drink
it has one of the most intricate storylines ive ever seen in a primetime drama...
LOL Tippet talking about embellishment.
Finally, it's Friday! Any big plans tonight?
Money money money
Every second person in Spain below 35 years is unemployed.
baaaha what's up
Someone text me!
“: 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope and Johnny Cash - Now we have no Jobs, no Hope and no Cash.” thx
That's very true <3333
Trust takes years to build, seconds to break and forever to repair.
Do you know that rats is an anagram for arts?
Good Luck on the opening. Can't wait to try it!
...& raise her IN Haiti as I don't trust the U.S. to instill values & properly educate....
I really hope I can get 50 people to buy these shirts I need the money for the band so I can record a demo to get on
academic books are zombies - not viable but still required
Please follow my original account >>>>
i'm in love! with that song!
Mama Jagr says i need to act like an adult, so i'm watching adult movies
Sunday morning: favorite #ldsconf conference session in recent memory.
costco chicken salad wrap for lunch today. Tastee!
Tonight! #Allegra Bandy Sings @ #Yoshi's 6-10pm With a killing band!!! Keith Saunders-keyboard, Bryan Bowman-drums, Caroline Chung-bass
I just started noticing OAuth problems with the Goodreads API from our end -- everything ok on your side? Thx.
you are very beautiful but now y dont know you ;)
Hm...I wonder how many children are stolen for adoption and where they are stolen from....
Whos washingtons top ten hip hop artist...hit me back with your answer ...
Now that I've learned xml, must fight temptation to catalog ALL THE THINGS
At the lions game wit the bros! Let's get it
You know you're a photographer when you have albums and albums of pictures, none of which you are in.
This be the ghetto
Ba-zing.
Silence is a girl's loudest cry. You can always tell she's really hurt when she starts ignoring you.
“: must have something to do with ur backside lol” id have to agree lol
Love you !!
If every tweet is "Check out my song..." people will unfollow you or build a tolerance to your promo and just start ignoring it.
Well even though I have none, it is good know friends who have pull at Alibi
I c da cover dropped 2day #official Taylor alderdice
Thanks for the add request. I would be happy to follow you as well. I am honored that you would like to follow me. Noah
DC BOY of Splurge Gang will be released from his 11 month jail sentence tonight at Midnight!!!
Fifty shaded of grey is amazing i cant put it down
from that pt, yes. But same in that athletes don't receive any of the $1.4Billion the IOC makes from sponsors/broadcast
I'm just always wrong.
I'm so glad you love #HartOfDixie <3 Moments is so beautiful! Thanks for all of your awesome support!<3 you rock!!!
I'm havin that now
I swear today has been the longest day ever!!
"Walk alway from your past & when it calls, send it straight to voicemail." -Ms. Spicy
Awful, awful commute.
The grandma of a little girl in the #SpecialCareNursery sang a song for staff to show her gratitude at a bday party this a.m. So moving!
What did I have for dinner? Oh yea, a lettuce and mustard sandwich...it was actually kind of good. :) hm...
Kicking off the very first #NLCInstitute with great energy, great fellows
aha thank you. Your to hot to be a lesbian even though I don't think being a lesbian is bad lol
- Gee, he wasn't complaining when he benefitted from voter fear and frustration which fed the clamor for "change".
If the lakers don't go to the finals, Mike Brown is fired. Kobe ain't puttin' up with that shit.
