Huh! I own no green clothing.
All these russian people are following me ahaha
Saying "trick or treat please" when we were little . Now we say "gimme my candy bitch"
RT : "Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised." ~Denis Waitley
yay, you! I slacked the last couple days but will get back on track today. I hope...
I am now a fatty editing a research paper, eating chips, and watching the movie Beastly
Nettleham ready to lock horns with Cherry Willingham in Lincoln derby - This is Lincolnshire
Just saw matt Saracen at the farmers market. Josh and I both got a little moony-eyed. It's the qb!!!
air ball Allen
. Literacy of slaves does little to mark letters about them in the archive.
Witness: William Balfour asked her to cover for him - Chicago Sun-Times
Don't TRY to be a Marketing PRO-thats what we do-We dont try to be the lawyer-we'd go to jail for that.
Love it! RT : Congrats aggies! Have so much fun in the SEC.
Thank you!
Just found your music on youtube through your IDM tutorial - thanks, and really digging your chtunes. More FL studio vids please
I need a cabin in Utah to borrow after tax season for a weekend. Anybody game?
Awesome! RT : Hair dresser just asked me "do you have a wife at home?" when I said no she said "oh, can I trim your ear hair?"
Shouts to theis
House Bill 216 passed the House on Thursday- raises dropout age to 18. Heads to Senate now. Good for all Kentuckians.
where's the dvr when you need it?
They talking bout rose like he off the team. My goodness.
A few good laughs can make for a great day....Laughter!
Its Express Ya Self Tuesday on Street Heat Radio today @ 6pm hosted by call 310.807.5053 we live @ 6pm..!!
5:25am can't fall back asleep. Might as well be productive. Attacking the emails. P.S. Game day hope to see everyone in Halton!
I am going to Everest in April. Would love to check out your movie and here some tips for the trek.
I've never been inside one looks at you
Dyeing my Betty.
I'll finish out the season and see what I can do to make it work.
- ill b glad wen dey come back
you already know. Wat I jst sent you lol
If you could ask a car salesperson one question, that they HAD to answer honestly, what would that one question be?
Celebrating my Dad's birthday with good food, wine, & company!
The second chick might be Mariah Yeater.
thanks 4following back!!
#Laughlin 2012 River Run!! Having a blast nothing much better than this
I have da best husband n da world even tho he never kums home
Thanks! Spread the love to your friends :)
May Chuck's legacy never be forgotten by DC residents and musicians
Today gone be a very good day!
Sinking deeper into the guacamole of her own deception.
Congratulations!!! And God bless!
Is It Just Me, Or Am I The Only One Whos Having A Good Night? What The Hell...
Who's in the workshop? Mainly librarians?
Wtf. It's 5:54 in the morning and I wake up to little kids screaming WAKE UP! ITS HUNTING TIME! What the hell?
one grande ice caramel macchiato with whipped cream
when will my 11:11 wishes come true?.
Regular exercise has proven to be effective in helping to limit the damage from hypertension and cardiac events.
Get well soon, Baron!
#Team FREAK!! #Team brownskin beauty
KAT BICK! I seriously miss you as well. only about one more month!
Many of luxury resi buyers who are now adding 3rd and 4th homes are looking for a place to park their money, rather than leave it in cash
I'm tired of this motherfuckin gazpacho being on this motherfuckin ice.
Y must I fill out the same medical record form repeatedly? When will EHR make it to AZ?
very funny...
Non-profits focus on social mission, but often fail to produce solutions. : "Solve the f***ing problem! Get the job done!"
So cheap! And I love how you can break the box down into 4 individual plates.
Make sure to integrate your social media presence with the rest of your marketing communication efforts.
watching friends with my girlfriend. it's so funny you can totally keep your clothes on and enjoy one-liner after one-liner
and YOU, bravo!
Thanks! And oh, I've packed plenty! ;)
funny night. night.
Facebook status: "How short should I get my hair cut?" Comment: "Just cut a mundane-question-that-no-one-cares-about's worth."
Blue Cheer, "Vincebus Eruptum", vinyl. Over USB. Through laptop speakers. Not sure why it doesn't scrobble, though. Might be the cartridge.
JUST WATCHD Icarly!!!!! I LOVED IHT!!!!! <3 The End when sam took a hold of Zayn <3 ime put this in dvd and watch it all over again!
what ?!? No one told me . You goin back ?
and why fad diets fail?
4/20 smh. Y'all really getting high? What a waste. I have a life and I'm gonna be celebrating that's it's Friday not a smoking day.
Happy Easter!
But, yes, I think it's worthwhile. Exceptionally educational.
processing a donation of children's Chinese language materials. thank God for ISBNs.
A high of 52 degrees today? In January in Chicago? Yes please. The dog might get an extra long walk today!
It's First Friday!! Help restore the arts on #Indy 's east side by supporting the #Rivoli www.rivolitheatre.org/support
Damn Z-Bo you hooping or boxing lol.
I always lie to myself about going to sleep.
I know what I'm going to do.next year I'll personally buy all the ppl i hate plane tickets to florida, shoot them all, & claim self defense
Try the 10 milligram Melatonin? It's helped my wife and she used to have a lot of trouble.
CDX in Nashville announces the release of "Santa's Littlest Elf Has Autism" for November to over 2600 radio stations globally.
Surprise- Foo fighters closed SXSWi ... Awesome!
#bulls need to turn u the D in the 2nd half
go get 'em!
Crying over the Mets and the closing of Shea Stadium!
Good point. I think in this case I am proud to be embarrassed. Which is better (in my opinion) than embarrassingly proud.
gorgeous day! Wish I will be here this weekend. Supposed to be nice.
i wish would finally notice me :(
Really Don't Feel Good , In Tears Right About Now . Least I Know Moziee Cares .
New Home Builders Presented with Awards for Best After-Sales Service
Tip off in 5 min...Texas PRO vs. STL Eagles
Wen the love there an the sex on point everything gone be alright
My second favorite day of the year #LouisvilleHateDay!!!
Yeah, okay, flip me off. I'm real scared of your middle finger.
Oh no!
hey, you 'll love this! Agreed we cantt handle snow, but now I got 1 sayin its hotter up there n summer 2...wow..they r nuts
ok then your girl lol
Hm I guess that makes sense....weirdo. lol
their cornbread is the best!
What happened to us? Used to be so perfect..
Not yet... will have something up before end of week. Thanks for the gentle reminder.
booking a ballroom for our Cinco de Mayo Real Estate EXPO in San Diego!!!
Omg my poor poor ankle.. I complain about it daily but it is getting worse!! Ugh I hate pain!!
Also, didn't forget about the autograph... Like I said; I'll get it to you when EAU's finally out :)
as far as I'm concerned, she can take the winter off.
About To Upload The Rest Of The Signs :P
ha ha!
#onedirection Are you coming to Seattle?
“: #YouGetPointsIf you like frogs” sorry
Just watched faceoff for #MayweatherCotto and is my fave boxer but can't help but be happy for
Pssst hey #tcot #teaparty #GOP: we are going to have an amazing black president for another 4 years. Bahahaha
I'm at 305 followers this am, & off to the 305 (Miami) in an hour for a workshop on openings. New novel takes baby steps today.
your pitcher is already prepping for the playoffs... I heard he hit a 85 on 9holes last time he was supposed to pitch ;)
Saw the clip of supposedly upset at TV media. Didn't seem like he was particularly upset. Short, yes, but he was rational.
My son swam unassisted for the first time today. Its like a miracle. Way better than the feeling of getting tenure.
Thanks for following WWVC!
Just bought new underwear for tonight because I don't have any good clean pairs. Yeah its like that.
any chance we get to hear you sing again in another hangover movie?
Sup? and thanks for the follow
Worked on my straddle split tonight to, you know, work the sore out.
Which event are you most excited for? Tell us now!
cheer! Cheer! Cheer!!
Such a nice day I need something to do
what you mean " yes? " lmfao
Looking toward to seeing you and your friend in Nashville. FOR YOU video by just came on GAC TV. <3 this video<3
A Church of #Scientology is telling some of the secret from the inside. She is not allowed to attend anymore. Does that make it a cult? Hm
Biggest factor is school leaders who think urban kids can learn, rather than subscribing to "epistemology of victimization"
Alright people, I am at 333 followers, I want to be at 350 by end of weekend without tagging trends.
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion
three words: like. eating. glass.
Just signed a contract to make a opening conference video. Getting more work than I have time for. I love consulting & being creative again!
Spent day in a canoe on the Grand River in Madison - Beautiful!
Are short shorts office-appropriate? They are today.
Makes no sence :P
i hope hawaii doesnt feel too excluded from the rest of the country being covered in snow! yay snow!
Another great weekend Tweeps! Time to get a jump start on Monday and order those shirts, polos, uniforms, caps and bags!
Club OPIUM tonight w/
Ah a powerful story indeed! Brave kid.
Sending my prayers out to all those affected by the tornado outbreak!
Who has registered for 2012 convention so far? You could be entered to win....
Buffet at the #Prado not helping my effort to slim down. Overate, for sure...
A year and a half ago i would never think this day would come. never thought that one direction would come to albany. the only way (c)
I find my librarian sensibilities offended when people tag people on Facebook just so those people will see a photo.
Question from Shannon Mattern on evolving role of designers in discussions of new forms for books & what it means for Press staffs.
whens spring trainin start for you?
Mid-week gms are uber-equalizers: my #4 vs. your #4... Good for UTA Mavs getting W in Austin!
Hi Phil ! Long time no see ! How ya doin'? All is well and very wet today here in NY
citybeatkelly Impeach mayor sanders for failure to maintain public safety!! Failed fire protection
Please don't tell me you watch 16 & Pregnant too! Is Beiber or Taylor Swift being punked?
Thanks for the follow and gud nite also
News ALERT: New Jersey Assembly Passes Gay Marriage Bill; Veto Promised
my chick bad like a bag of money? seriously where do they get these lyrics haha
The LAW Olivia
I think i overworked myself and need to lay off the weights a bit
I want too!
Question; Does Newt's wife use the same hair salon that Jimmy Johnson uses. That hair never moves.
About to do the same myself! RT: Heading out for the last run of 2011!
This dude here look like a swollen version of #oomf ! Lbdas
How have you been?(:
All kyrie looks so cute!
Come by and do some trading! We're here all day until 6pm.
Screen Print of the Day- Handyman deal. 50 assorted color shirts, S-XL, 1 color print front & back, $7.00 delivered. Sale ends 7PM pacific.
It's a holiday. I'm at work. Good times. This place is so weird empty. Creepy!
Really?? Why is New Years more important?
Matt Barkley next year?
Congrats to #DNation runner Cody Allen already hitting the $600 mark for the ! Nicely done!
fuckkkkkkk you my nigga RT : I KNOW you stank RT : .... no RT : People who drink stink too.
Hundreds of people flocking to get credit counseling help. Hear the story tomorrow morning on KXL
JcPenney Dads give the best advice! What important life lesson did your father teach you?
Oh yes
My love I love you too much #BELIEVE I New OLLG, meet you in person omg "Dream" #NeverSayNever Lovee Youu PLS Follow me!!! RT
thanks bud. Appreciate it.
New Haven, at Yale, and I am presenting (otherwise I could skip it).
he's a horrible tutor but my parents insist I keep learning from him -.-
At #sgs2010. Let me know if you'd like to meet and learn more about the GameHouse Fusion universal social gaming platform.
yes, yes it is
As would say, "or you want to form an anti-pussy zone around your body."
Sara is a winner.
Going to the Drake concert on June 2! What now.
It's soo hot outside ..... Omg
Rocket fair all morning c: hopefully all day c:
Totally hating.
JUST recieved another MESSAGE THAT SAID FUCK IT ImLEAVIN4GOOD.
My mom always donates clothes to the Purple Heart but I have no idea how they distribute them
Corenlius Pass has openings for the Bourbon Dinner on 9.29.11, call 503.693.8452 to sign up. Delicious food paired w/ a variety of Boubons!
son, I've been on this shit since I was playing shows with Arkadelphia!
I downloaded the demo last night, will do
BEAUITFUL first quarter!!!!!
oh please.
fire + balcony and a sofa for good measure.
I'm so excited you guys always do a great job :) can't wait until Saturday.
I'll dm it to you.
Last night I woke up, checked my texts and locked my door...wtf I don't sleepwalk ever #weird ihaveproblems
Spring training is back in Scottsdale! RT Starting Monday #SpringTraining workouts at Salt River Fields are open to the public.
what the fuck is that scratching/farting sound during paul's song?
Eck... walking into a huge spider web at 3 am... and the huge spider in the middle... is surely enough to wake one up!
higher than that MB!
Power nap time!
Cheers deffo remember ~ chat soon & thanks
we go
That moment when you hear your parents telling your aunt and uncle EVERYTHING they've missed since they left. <<<<<<<<<<<<<
Whats good with it
Braves lead Cardinals 5-0 at the Bottom of the 6th inning
Wow thunder stole that one
The earth braces itself for the feet of a lover of God about to dance.
It's a cold one today.. Retweet if u plan on warming up with a workout!
Hie Electronics Hosts Booth at Texas Department of Information Resources (DIR) Power to Purchase Technology Expo 2012
ha hell delete it in a week
Only In Pilsen You See the Cops More than The Elote Lady Cant even go outside because people cant handle their hate towards each other.
Awh I remember trying to get a reply off for years. I give up tbh :(
Awesome, thanks!
Heading for Singapore in less than a week! Am I supposed to feel excited?
It's 2am, phone is dead & needs to be charged, I need to wash my face, and yet my ass seems to be superglued to the couch.
RT : RT : It'll all turn out perfectly in the end, if it isn't perfect it isn't the end...
just saw a pic of the guy that commited that hit and run last week.
Follow me on #viddy havent posted any vids yet but soon
So do I! RT : I think #Thuginacocktaildress needs to start trending in honor of the #RHoNY starting 2mrw :)
coming from the one with her iPod password as "Niall"
only in fox land is the extension of rights a war on something, but taking things away is not.
no worries! hope life treats you well ;) XO
If vagina's could talk... Whatcha think it would say?
Seminar on using data to make your marketing programs more effective. Narrowcast v broadcast.
There is no love sincerer than the love of food. -George Bernard Shaw
Man he will get a deal win or lose! RT : Phil Phillips
Also, thanks for making me realize I left the noises on for my phone before I left my desk for two hours.
#oomf tries to regulate like he my husband. So unless your my husband I'm not going to listen to you LOL jk
Talking to her on phone>>
Looking at different soup recipes ...m, yes =]
Go Tebow! Go Broncos!
Hopefully this class will help you learn more about using Twitter
feel better!
Look for interesting interview w/Dow sustainability exec in coming issues of
Back from #coachella ready 2 roc WeHo w/ sicknasty beats starting tomorrow AM at 830. Get your bike & let's party!
Thanks for the follow!!! U r my 888 follower!!!!!!! Awesome!!!!
Nice win in front of a nice crowd for the That helps close the gap for the #8 seed in the Eastern Conference.
hang in there
I was there! Even finger-dipped the frosting! ......
Watching the convo between 2 of u is like a train wreck. I don't think either 1 is saying wut the other hears. :/
I need someone to cheer me up asap
hey there! did is noticing our tweets.??huhuuh
cuddling up on the couch and planning her first powerflow class.
Defend her always. Even if you don't agree with her opinion, respect it and not just stand up for her, stand beside her.
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling
I hate how night time is when I choose to do my deep thinking.
The ladies here in the Front Office would love a followback...girls in sports ROK!
perfect I might have to hit up some Contra
Good show. Opened with a stellar in-ring segment & closed with another.
why do you keep on pretending that everything is still ok?
haha great idea
Hey , thanks for the follow! Congrats!
thanks for RTing my tip. Hope you are enjoying this holiday season.
sure! are you still doing it?
putting it all in your hands lord
It's a small world, but there are a lot of variables
Should I pull a &tell credit card comp I won't pay my bill 'cuz I have too much debt even though I spent the money?
No problem for them they can have "wives and Concubines."
Be sure to watch 12 Sports Stephanie Sutton tonight on at 10:00! She is LIVE from Hollywood w/ a EXCLUSIVE!
If brings back David I will be so happy. Please bring him back!
Uni with quail egg = gagging
i need to tan...my butt is crazy white!! like twilight white!
Life lost its meaning for me ~
been working on a new song all day. to my 5 fans out there, get ready.
Vegas always leads to confusion about when an appropriate bedtime actually is
My bestfriend won't pick up her phone now I'm bored
- Lebron James hairline is still back in daylight savings time!
thank you, darling! I think you're awesome, too!
Listening to Taylor Dayne live. Girl got some pipes.
Great social media session yesterday at
How do I go about Siging Up for Tomorrow's ????
Oh. Well then indeed, old BMTH was the shit.
RT thank you. I am flattered. And yes I will “: Follow me back Scott? you're beautiful ♥”
Any word on potential make up date if they call it tonight?
follow me back please??. Thanks:)) #HURRY #TEAMBIEBER<33 ;)
Today just sucked.
Did someone say ?!
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything
Great Job!
Thank you! I'll see if she can help us with
#sffd doing CPR on a person in the park strip at Park Presidio and Anza. Possibly a medical examiner's case.
damn you are so hot, why did you take off your videos from youtube?
Looking forward to seeing the app. Thanks for applying and good luck. Spread the word!
I love GreenLearner!
Is it obsessive if "The Choice" is on repeat for my entire 3 hour round trip?? I would just like to consider it dedication!
#YouKnowHesTheOne when you can talk to him about anything and everything <3
- I don't agree with premise that Ochocinco, Stallworth, Gonzalez, Edelman, Branch, Lloyd are all that talented.
we hope your program is a huge success !!
AL of #TeamBreezy and PLEASE FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK :D
html/css? yes, please.
thank you!
Is anyone else picking up on this weird repeating noise on the Emmys that sounds like a cellphone from 1992 speed-dialing?
My back is killing me and I look ugly as fuck. Not a good day.
2010 Summer City Smell Review: KC, Austin, NYC, Philli - Prairie & Asphalt, Antique Stores & Cactus, Urine & Street Meat, Rain
ha! yes. RT : Gonna start a band and name it "The Starred & Forgotten Emails"
HAHAHA! Im bad...but not THAT bad! XD
If you can't find a job - create your own! What's your best advice for those who want to start their own business?
Yay! What's your feedback/takeaway? RT : Listening to Casey Benedict at the Bloggers and Marketers
are you ashamed?
Of all the men that saw me moving boxes & furniture solo, not a single guy offered nor asked to help. Shocked at the lack of courtesy.
Do you take Boniva? We have vouchers for 1 FREE Month of Boniva!
Nothing makes my Saturday more complete than hearing eating potato chips obnoxiously loud in my ear.
how would you like to be entertained? i can get hit by a car if you think thats semi funny
#dhtrial observers seem to feel there is a lone holdout who was insisting on the answer and the rest are ready to go
We are organizing all the photos & videos from the events. We'll let you know when that's all done for LA.
PROM NIGHT <33
I was so good at dinner last night!
If you're still letting a past relationship affect you then you're not actually over it.
when you aren't allowed to pee during or after school...and you suddenly get the urge to pee because you know you cant go<<< :(
hell ya bitch! he kills it!
#LegoSeriousPlay shared models externalize thought and spark conversation.
Hoping Saturday's monitoring went great. I am right there with you, girl. I will let you know how our big day goes tomorrow.
awww damn, she has FINALLY replied. Go head Dill, go cook boy!!!
In Cleveland, Ohio you need a hunting license to catch mice. #odd facts
i love you on House of Payne
RT : Enter to win one of 5 copies of the "Let's Predict Fun Deck" app from Super Duper on Consonantly Speaking's website -...
BTW we've got the first snow of the year today!
bless you my friend for He is Adonai!
I don't sweat my nigga, I a b like what's this clear shit drippin from my forehead...I Phil Jackson the game right now...lol
I love the new Mexican restaurant Mi Hacienda...1000000 times better than Rancho Grande that place ain't real Mexican
Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
DONT NUN SMEEL BETTER THAN YOUR MAMA
about what? How bout Spongebob? Better character, Sandy the Squirrel or Gary the Snail?
"Needs have no schedule" says speaking of community giving and their Global Month of Service.
Holly cow. Indoor growing is a complete science. Ppm, dillution ratios, siphons, anti clogging filters, hps or metal halide,luv it
it was great seeing you in Nashville! Hope to see you again soon! Besides, I still owe you that drink! (:
Would you use Netflix instead of cable if it were free but ad supported?
9 wonderful hours to sleep tonight. Ah yes.
Thanks, gentlemen, for the re-Tweets!
haha - I just emailed you a reply. Truly sorry for the delay.
ok ill get some =]
Playing the Tower Bar (Sunset Towers) tnite, in duo with Gordon Bash, 7-11.
How long must it take?
Not really feeling tomorrow but I mean who is?
..you see, i could do my homework in all 8 of my classes OR i could look through pictures from the show....im going to go with the pictures
That last minute epitomized JaVale McGee.
Why do miracles always wear disguises?
I came in a different way this morning
haha I'm going to SoundC by myself cause there was only one left! aww on sat I'm in B reserve somewhere and 15th sec 44 :) .xx
I hope when my Mom visits she doesn't notice the 300 conveniently sized Dixie cups she bought are gone when only 1/4 of my mouth wash is.
What is #ccbe?
Feelin so good! Confident about mine, Smile on my face, floatin round on cloud nine...Dont Be Annoyin Im Just Enjoyin This
no I really don't .
If it has a good picture, I want to freaking save it for god's sake. WORK IN MY LAPTOP.
OH: "I love your service and will consider it again if you do another Groupon special."
RT : RT : still has the Album of the Year thus far,
#RnBThrowBacks : Can't Help but Wait ~ Trey Songz
did you develop this independently or is there a publisher?
im right here :)
Girl: Um, Ms. Chatman, I'm kinda sick. I threw up at 5 this morning. Me: Why are you at school? Girl: My momma wanted me outta the house.
That's a random picture! And that roach is hugee!!! Lol :D
It's been a long fucking day
woohoo! Gotta love disappearing stains...
I'm convinced smithwicks is an Italian beer. After I drank it, i tasted 'Italian' on my mouth for about an hour.
I have dancing on the dancefloor with me :P
I don't see the Brewers doing anything in the playoffs so i'm all in on the Packers right now
Police finally caught the guy who was printing counterfeit 8"x10" photographs His mistake: mixing up the 8 inch side for the 10 inch side
I'm on the way🚌 MEGABUS!
hey it happens, right?
Sounds about right. I'm now convinced I'm not marriage material.
It's going to be continued next season. (Haven't you got any imagination?)
Good morning everyone!
Big day tomorrow. Can't wait
Which is something I'm willing to wait on a fix for. You know, making sure there's gas, in the fuel tank, on the airplane.
Charles Barkley is a dumb fool. Obama will lose to Mitt. We aren't that stupid to make that mistake again. Stick to fucking whores and DWIs
your tweets entertain me. :D
I'm looking forward to it, toots!
no Logan, it's not just pretty great..... it's one of macs best songs!
Got me fucked up
Ray Wise doesn't age.
forreal like i went today and they are improving😊
I Hate Getting On Crouchy Buses -___-
I wonder what the ohh so sexy, is doing right noww ? :D
legit ending. Good start.
Author of 1st book on Twitter, Publisher, Blogger and Social Media Radio Show Host
LOVE yourself! You're worth it!
Had so much fun at the beach today(: sleepin over livs AGAIN! bestfiendddd<3
you asked, I simply answered. #icannottellalie haha
It should be a age limit on hoein....Seriously. This lady got a cane out here sellin on Elvis Presley. Smh
Hump Day! Also Wino Wednesday!
"A loving heart is the truest wisdom." ~
Hahaha, America demands them!
i love my haters im not average
u guys know where the game is streaming tonite?
RT : RT : I love how makes kids want to go out & play to up their levels!
FUCK NO THAT WAS A BULLSHIT ASS CALL R U KIDDING ME
Dirty Dick's Crab House ;D
center field lol and maybe pitch .
start slow with just the tattoo :)
Thanks! I use it a ton.
just grinding like usual ya'll at Adestiny need to do some work with me!
you should follow me today pleasee(;
Why I love Cali: Exhibit A: "I would sign a bill tomorrow to eliminate the 9th Circuit [Ct of Appeals]. That court is rogue." -Rick Santorum
Thanks for watching Jennifer!
Congratulations Gophers! Enjoy your trip to the
I don't even feel sorry for you because i warned you . 😌
Good looks We will be Listening
J Carter answers that we all need to feel each neighborhood's safety matters to all of us
Cyber shibboleths: Telegraph View: Biblical texts make fine computer passwords.
A great soul will be strong to live as well as think
Who's havin' a Labor Day party I can go to?
if you follow me and your account is about ANY Sport Ill Follow you without a Dough. =) If you don't just Ask me And Ill Follow you. =)
Learning a ton of stuff for great marketing tools in #Indy for engaging content for our patients!
Hey, I just finished printing one of the shots I got of you. Can you DM me your email address so I can send it to you?
love this! atlantic-pacific does it best!
I know zombies aren't real, BUT WHAT IF.
at the crib working.. not going out tonight!
Swim meet on Wednesday!! Lets hope I don't almost black out this time. lol #Exciting ;)
Sounds good. Just hit me up. Really interested to hear about that weeknd show.
: many pr people are still stuck in the 80s. Writing a tweet is a lot different than writing a press release
Love Aint For Everybody!
Watching great visual presentation at #OBCAI panel about coworking by Jerome
Hey Jill check out our new album single on ITUNES- RORY-MAC - "Midnight Moon Shadows" .. Hope you like it!
No thanks, that was in response to your sponsored tweet.
The rain is slashing sideways out my window, the Loop traffic stalled but the trees and flowers are rejoicing.
UCF Homecoming. Downtown will be great this weekend!
WOO! good luck! can't wait to see some videos.
Will publish & post link to Storify thread soon. On an iPad and flaky network, so a little tricky to do.
Actually, scratch that. The 7.3% increase by was international. In US, the number was 8.9%.Not bad at all.
I GOT INTO UVIP AND GOT ROW 10 BUT THEN IT SAYS TIMES UP WHILE I WAS FIGURING OUT THE CODE AND STUFF. FUCK MY LIFE.
It's definitely different working with a man at my job
lmao, you're such a back-stabber
are you gonna follow me today?
Aha, makes sense. Yes, I would much rather receive an email than a voicemail haha.
It was such an amazing and life changing experience for me...I thought I hit a wall, but I now know I have many options available
Raising my kids for twenty minutes.
thank you!
he also said if it were up to him, he would've fined him more than that.
just liked on fb! looking forward.
screen name for WwF?
followed and RT'd. Have aQubeey Sunday
Thanks! I think I've nearly got the husband convinced it's worth buying. :)
Thanks for the congrats in "Dapper Dan" throwdown (pg 192)!!!!
#feltdown start Nolan smith or Flynn and see what they got
4,000th tweet coming up... Gotta think about a s/o
Large belts are envied by the wind.
Important #EdcampDetroit information. Parking in Structure 2 is $5 and credit card only. Please share with others.
yup! Just on the road with very limited access to email. We are still on for 7/2 right? I get home on 7/1
About me I know
dear y r u guys so hott
In 66' your team played in the NIT, coached by the legendary Peck Hickman.
When do the Saints pick?....oh... yeah
#Bookkeeping Tip: To pay overtime to tipped employees, pay all hours at straight time and use the blended rate for the overtime calculation.
“I think the reason why Zayn doesn't have his drivers license is because he would get too distracted by his reflection in all the mirrors.
Yup- I think I'm hearing the pillow & mattress callin my name!
Keeping #vatech in my prayers hope the madness is over
Wow!!! Awesome performance by Cirque!!!
Love your profile pic... Josh is great!
oh wait. this tweet is for tomorrow but Happy 23rd Birthday Vanessa Hudgens! <3
Keep on dancing till the world end :)
I am going to be interviewing the person behind the scenes who created the top selling personal development products over the last 30 years…
if you love Mahomies you have to follow !
Thx for the add! I listened to a couple of your mixes and I dig it!
(c) May 12th at Noon First 400 to buy tickets get a Meet & Greet
Getting on Madden 13, Send over your gameplay bugaboos #M13Event Got some great feedback already, Pumped for other guys to play for 1st time
Just sayin I love TeenyB now!!
nothing just glad the crappy day is over sup with you?
New set coming up yeaaaayeahhhh
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
EXACTLY! We pay you, that's enough. Just do it!
should i get excited about my Dayton Flyers?
I just backed you with $40 — yeah buddy!
Kevin I respectfully disagree. This same guy Thomas said he once aspired to appear on Glenn Beck's show. WTF?
Isn't the show at Terminal 5?
Hang out again today?! (:
Tomorrow. Mass ave Starbucks
Its not even about what others think of you, its all about your own selfimage.
The Nature Museum is honored to be able to work with !
had to go with Foster
Petite giraffes or whatever are NOT real Morgan. "They need lots of hugs and kisses or they make tears"....FAKE...my friends are tards.
really? That's blasphemy...
Congrats ! You are Tuesday's Bobcat Goldthwait contest. Direct message us your address and we'll mail out your prize!
Two Bellmore homes are evacuated as workers repair a gas leak. Homes on the 400 blk of Stewart Ave. are without gas.
Slight dip in freight has no bearing on rising truck orders
It will happen soon enough young sir. :-)
Doesn't sound positive! I don't want to cry while watching.
I can never decide if it makes me happy or upset when great musicians become mainstream. Current conundrum: Gotye.
Love bumping into ☺
Some people need to learn how to spell -.-
I know about 1/4 of my kids were SO not ready for an AP level class & may have given up during test
In the studio tracking guest vocals!
12/11 at 1pm, film & talk @ the museum Santero: Art of Devotion by Kirk Ellis, the award-winning producer of the HBO mini-series John Adams.
It is MORE than a true story. It's a true story that I get to write.
RT : "The big rewards come to those who travel the second, undefended mile." - Bruce Barton
If you yawn near my dog, she will quickly try and lick the roof of your mouth. i instinctively snap shut, her stitches come out in 2 weeks
Facebook needs a new Board and new CEO. Zuckerberg is an idiot who should be fired
,Ron Paul sound like a sissy or gay, he is a Man why don't he talk & sound like 1 change his name to "Sue" whodoUdo"
If it is he won't be single for long. And if he needed a date he could have called one of us! :)
#CIO Quote of the Day: Legacy begins the day you put something in."
I love the logo!!
didn't Conan pull off jeggings? Maybe they're ironic pants.
Happiness Rule #4 - Give more...
I blame Leela for my sleepiness too.
Good effort Clint, but I liked Eminem representing last year.
Wow!! Just heard Donna Summer died!! It breaks my heart. R.I.P. Another legend. ☹
lets find some time in the next month!
Best combinations: hungry, cranky, and crampy. LOVE IT!
We're running out of room quickly for the fall adult season. Hurry and sign up your team!!!!
Tell Me That You Love Me...
Today 1944: USS Wisconsin was commissioned for active duty during WWII.
So Now You Wanna Be Weird But In School Youu Be All On Me .
The century-old novel right-wingers believe guides Obama
It doesn't work like that Julie...BOOM!
i am new to twitter so if you follow me ill follow you? and a shoutout plz?
On set for Comfort Food. Busy week!
Jam dat like life depends on it
I've been wanting to try this place! You give it a thumbs up?
I have to install a patch to get to work with a WCF behavior extension?
...this weather is so crazy!
Just had a dream within a dream #inception weird
use your left hand and it will feel like someone else is making you a cocktail.
I assume means removing advertising from all of Premier Radio/Clear Channel. Correct?
What's up?
forced me to follow him with threats of swirlies. I caved.
AT&T Smacked with Class Action Lawsuit Over Phantom Data
RT: Delete. Delete. Delete.- things balck women say???
Thanks for sponsoring! RT : We're excited to serve coffee tomorrow morning ! See you guys bright and early ;-)
77 years ago I started the first of my trials for income tax evasion..gov't said I owed close to $100,000 ( 1.6 million today)..nertz..
#20ThingsAboutMe 20.) I wish me and my mom could have a best friend relationship.
But itz cool!.. 2marr iz my day!.. No niggaz bitchez family no nuffin!.. Just me n my bitch #MARY!!!!
Let's get weird!! Let's get weird!!
Thanks for the
Hey Bella, please reply to this. I wanted to say hello and that you rock! SentryScene13( ) out.....Peace.
is at the game Ahh #Come on united
Alright, as much as I hate to bail on Miami.. Spurs.
I wonder if Captain morgan and Admiral Nelson ever fought on the high Seas? It could've been the Battle of Spiced Rum
Got You! Will definitely start that tomorrow! There is a saying that the most important meal of the day is Breakfast!
Holy shit, another convert!! that is 2 more fucking awesome people this week, first Erik, now you. I use TweetDeck & twitter app
Congrats on your love union and good luck at the MLA!
What website can I download odd future vol 2 album on?
Scrape up your money (You dont need much) and come but a home in CA. The prices are insane !
I feel like I'm cheating when I get the pistachio without having to open the shell
how did UK let him out of Lexington???
I feel your pain ;-)
(punches the wall)
awesome meeting you last Thursday night! hoping ill get to the STL show & get to see you in action! :-) have a great show!
& Captain Kirk as best ever: particularly when he wore eyeliner.
I didn't realize how wrinkled my dress shirt was until I got to work.
Thanks as always - enjoy your week! The Chic'
May 1 2012 in a few hours. How time passes by!
Good morning ♥
I would love to order Blackberry Grape online anywhere but CAN'T! HELP US!
final point is the best: status quo is "no bill." congress need not actively legislate (yet) to protect open source culture.
Dumb ass stalkers
I forgot about him
Gahhhh everyone in this line is talking about Sex and the City and this just became my hell.* ..........*which makes me a total Samantha.
very well said
Happy Friday the 13th
#publiclibrarythemusical "The Copier, The Toner, and the Self Check-out" (a la "The Atchinson, Topeka, & the Santa Fe" by Judy Garland)
Is it bad that I'm a 20 year old that still sees a pediatrician?
You know, i think that 's icon is hot! :$ <33
some people only follow u 2 see if you gone follow them back. if you dont then they unfollow you. thats cool to. dont take the shit personal
is really hoping that ralph macchico really does the crane pose in his dance performance.. i guess life really does imitate art.
They say the blaccer the berry the sweeter the juice they say the darker flesh and the deeper the roots
i am now paranoid and must purchase better protection from rabid tigers. :)
Have a great day ya'll! *in Texas accent :-P*
ha, a bit of this cool rain for a bit of your warm sun? Deal!
I'll be there, but I'll miss you all this weekend. 
I ran to class in flip-flops last night. It was only a few blocks, but my shins are not letting me forget it!
Time is a wheel in constant motion always rolling us along.Tell me who wants to look back on their years &wonder where those years have gone
it says I'M married to loki.... I didn't know he would swing that way o_o
Waking up at 7 tomorrow.... always on my grind....
I'm super exhausted omg and tomorrow I go in at 3 :(
do you have it a lot!?
I have a great passion for living in the Burgh!
"Reaccessing campaign", now staying in race? Strange turn of events. RT So Perry and his son indicated the gov is going to SC
I think #proscfriend is a state of mind we should promote for , don't you?
I only see 2 final tables for you
Want to do something naughty
It is what it is 'til you change it.
Bush getting in Ryan's head. #FearTheBushBlitz RT : Jarrett Bush just crushed Ryan, doesn't matter on the 21 yard completion.
OMG. This morning, I was on my way to my orientation and I just collapsed in the middle of the train station. Awkward and embarassing. -.-
Anyone else having trouble posting status updates on FB?
Appreciate you grindin So hard out there brother!!! for real lets get it!!! JO-WAYNE JTP!!!
I'm up for it , yo Lo hiciera :)
Congrats to Adele
agh caught red handed by a coworker... I'm up I'm up...
Just an update...we're still in a suspension. Play has not been cancelled, yet.
go buy them then!!!! lol
thanks for following.
Walking by the music school and seeing the audition tent reminded me of a nervous but exciting time in my life.
Let me finish that sentence. "......BADASS MOTHERFER"
Good for you. I think that's why I've never been able to get through the entire movie. But, maybe for the times it was real.
I have a fucking head ache now.
Startup focused in the financial serives sector ? R U looking 4 funding & support? #startup #fintech #investment bit.ly/pXQFnI
My life when I was 13^^ Learned better though!
Beware of Rashin Henderson Lansing Illinois pervert loser !!! Block him on Facebook.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 284
OHMYGOSH SO I WENT TO TYPE 'hey!' AND THE IPOD CORRECTED IT AS JERRY . WHAT
Happy 20th birthday to So thankful for your sweet life!!
I was upgrading my profile. I really love that site it's like the big brother to :-)
Job Opportunity: Software Developer to write high performace computing libraries and applications to operate on massive data sets.
must. finish. cleaning. room....:'(
Now if I could just delete my old, dumb Mixels that I don't like…
"I don't care too much, but I don't not care." Aristotle told his closest friend.
SNOW SNOW SNOW SNOW! But have no fear both Dallas and Ft. Worth offices are open today to help you. Please call 214-953-2233 For more info.
#WaysToGetOffThePhone "Aww damn, Well My phone's gunna die & I forgot where I put my charger.."
oops I absolutely did not mean to disturb everyone
Bumping escape from babylon to the kingdom of zion by alborosie this am
im back on track add to the fact that i never really drive sober
Today's goal: Introduce yourself to someone new (with genuine interest). Find out something about them in return.
Stuart? Hahaha wow that's a great insult lol
#patriotgala Great evening with War Heros and Friends
Big cheers to for playing The Indigo Girls "Galileo" at the end of their segment on Galileo!
AH OMGOMGOMG WOO
was not avail via mobile! Okay , crying now ~
Because I can
just found you on Spotify :) YES
Two more wickets, and #Surrey will be following on after lunch.
"Remember Hey Arnold? Rugrats? CatDog? Rocket Power? Kenan & Kel? The Amanda Show?... When Nickelodeon made sense."
heading to Prescott, WA. tiny town with no stop lights....
Just an ordinary day at school. Field trip to my teachers house
I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you
This is bothering me.
Ugh, no! No no no no no! Damn you Tuesday! *shakes fist violently*
God is awesome feeling a bit tired but it's all worth it semester came to a close...
I hope my curls don't get messed up when I sleep.
I love you
Mandatory vs discretionary subjects of bargaining. Students are a little surprised that sick days and vacation not mandatory.
Howdy All... Thanks for the ShoutOut!
He's home!! My brother is home
#teamfollowback let's go!
I knew you were going to call me bug!
Good point re: Klout. I agree it shouldn't be taken too seriously. I use it to set goals, not to validate me. Thx, Alice!
About to go get my perm
Going to get me a dozen doughnuts yayy.
great running into you! (btw; awesome wifi 4sq list)
Why is it that when I have car probs it never is just an in & out thing? The mechanics just told me that my brakes r f*'ed & can't be fixed
I might try to roll out, but I have to drop some shirts off in Hollywood that night as well.
I read CH and really loved it. That's the KIND of thing I'm looking for.
Shooting of Iranian woman in street protests or killing of Gadafi come to mind.
Is it totally giant like the trees?
Welcome back Warehouse 13, great episode, gonna be a great season!
That awkward moment when you notice your friend is wearing your panty
It's happening slowly but definitely on the right pace
C++ tries to guard against Murphy, not Machiavelli. ~ Damian Conway
Going to Coldwater Mchigan to do some camping for the long weekend.Theres always a large group of friends that we camp with.Love that! : )
Worked on my #SHEAR paper. Should be a good presentation. If I can just get the intro right.
now that you have this sweet job at Reebok I'm already looking online for things I would let you buy me
Excuse me, is there an airport nearby large enough for a private jet to land?
Stop into Bayshore Mall and save an additional 25% on all women's clearance items.
Won all the gold. $1,810.
no problem David!
So all CA students who are giving the exams in may 2010 r in big worry what will going to be happen along with me.
LOL Dogs like to pee by the Fire Hightdren
i see you value time, 7th track in, good to know when you're having a conversation with someone.
Thank you! The honor and pleasure are most truly mine. All my very best,
I demand a TCM screening of "Boys in the Band" to back that up, so to speak.
Thanks for the recommendation, Oli.
Straight up. I haven't got this excited since we made the playoffs.
They're advertising metal detectors on CNBC for those who've given up on traditional investment strategies.
Felicia, my darling good friend, you have to TWEET! Write something pithy about the craft of writing! Love You! xo
Would you mind a hard copy? That sounds awesome, but not if it's too much trouble!
bruh were the ugly pic at
how do you imagine stations using storytlr? what are the #pubmedia use-cases?
Hey Kernersville people, do any of you know if Planet Fitness there is decent?
I wish I could tweet and text as fast as with both thumbs!
Turn it up. Raise it a level.
I can't stop singing drop it like its hot today!!
RT Snooki’s kid will have the biggest penis in first grade… because he’ll be twenty-seven.
Every recruit should want to go to Pitt. Evidently you can take four steps if you go there.
Affordable, Brand New Earth Advantage Homes coming this summer on 647 NE SUMNER ST. Prime inner Portland location!
": Mario Gomez is the worst good player in the world." We got a Carlos that ain't always the best.
me wants ribbon
HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE !! Are you headed to the movies tonight? Check out what's playing:...
lol we will take you! Haha!
groundbreaking ceremony for Matthews Memorial Terrace, a affordable housing project in Ward 8. Thanks 2 DC Housing/Community
“ Ragegiving.” huh huh.. heck yeah
Thursday is ALL YOU CAN DRINK TAPS at for only $10!
Remember Ashley Hollingshead from Rorschach a few years back? Her company in Portland OR does bike tour plays.
500K per START to MISS a start & play GOLF?
"Texas has big opportunities, especially with young people and Latinos" Andy Fernandez, Libertarian Longhorns
ah gotcha
I promise to never refer to you as tweeps.
lots of good reference today at , geotagging training, sanborn fire insurance maps, reference manuals. now it's
GO AND FOLLOW SHE IS AHH-MAY-ZING
"The strength of your life is measured by the strength of your will." - Henry Van Dyke.
Did you see "The Avengers" this weekend? What did you think?
:) back atcha! How is the new house?
Feeling R E A L L Y bad for no reason.......... #fuck this
Going to bed. Let's read book.. goodnight tweethearts
Carmageddon has arrived and literally nothing has happened. The epitome of "mildly fearsome." Well done.
It's a sure sign of a good time!!
Thx for the mention.
Thanks for this! A great way to start off Lent and keep Lent in perspective for the next 40 days.
How will you get to the Go Go Green 5k? Sometimes you just need a car...Thanks for sponsoring the race! (car sharing = green)
it has to be creamable - SURE BUT TOO WARM AND YOUR COOKIES ARE GOING TO BE TOO FLAT
I wanna add to the collection lmao sike naw
wow!! thts horrible!! isnt anyone there for like witnesses to say shes wrong?
They're all full of drama!
I'm sick of the word "Haters". It's so overused when people get defensive. Haters trash talk. Having a legit opinion is not being a "Hater".
Shows today in Winchester at the Alamo Drafthouse Winchester
Plans for today: volunteer in the morning, then meet and then close at work.
loved ur bergmanesque character on "children's hospital"
Been busy, busy, busy and have been neglecting the blog... but coming soon: Garages for Old Houses!
Really nice sneer in the facial expression! Not too much - just right!
GREAT JOB LAKERS!!!! WAY TO COME BACK FROM 18 DOWN IN 2OT TO GET THE WIN!
That's really funny!
Here I am again.
Custom t-shirts are trendy, elegant and in fashion for all time!!
This headache is seriously killing me.
Good to see ya, anxiety attack. How've you been?
Cuz in the end girl u gona wnt another round....
Great, thanks!
John...I'm doing fine! Nice to hear from you It got cancelled...apparently they lost funding.
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again (code vezxn)
Listening to music that makes me want to dance c: <3
who is "y'all females" tho? Please don't compare me to those.
LOL THIS MY FIRST TIME WATCHN THE "TWERK TEAM" ON YOUTUBE GOD DAMN!!!!! SHAWTYS BE WATCHIN THAT SHIT LIKE ITS A MUSIC VIDEO A SUMN LLS
MY LIFE IS MADE.
Who said I already haven't? ;)
Doc Quit FEAR?
Learning about capital investment decisions today.
#MyTeacherSaid Mrs.TaylorKathrnMiller why do u come 2 skool so cute who u tryinq to look qood 4 i say i look qood for 3 ppl Taylor.K.Miller
The good thing about walking home late is that nobod messes with a zombie
nobody ever had sex next to your head..
I woke up from a dream where I was fighting off werewolves. My dream was less existentially productive.
I think , , or would know the current SD based record.
My baby b lookin @ cartoons like she really kno wat she watching & talkin @ the same time, silly baby :)
Five yr old sees difference between himself and pdd ADHD seven yr old now what. What! Do I share what do I say
I LOVE when you look at me like I'm Amazing!
Do everything with so much love in your heart that you would never want to do it any other way. ~Yogi Desai
at least 3 plays can make #sctop10 tonight for
I am one step ahead of you, already got them labeled! :)
hell yea I be running errands
Every time I remember that the boys aren't coming to my state, I get a headache, lol. This is horrible.
yes PLEASE! im coming the 1st six days of july
Support for has the #Harrimanunitedmethodistchurch rocking tonight!
thanks for making me miss my grandfather's funeral & Xmas with my family & adding insult to injury with awful customer service
T2 I'd see creating artificial barriers to instant/real time access of records as an obstacle, not a more secure/sane method
…ps, it's the old that makes me look old.
But can you see Uranus?
One side note is that dads didn't push wearing hats onto their sons. My dad wore a fedora all the time, but never made me do so.
Always looking for progressive house and electro demos!
I just found out that five of my good friends like Ed Sheeran. Are you serious bro...why the fuck am I not at that concert
@ sushmadeshpande Happy Holidays Sushma. Wishing you a fabulous 2012!
Lol. Thanks Greg.
RT : Why does taking a nap in the afternoon feel like time travel? #importantquestions //I WOULD NOT KNOW - WHO NAPS?
If the Giants win next week, seemingly putting the eagles out of it, you think they let Shady run wild?
Will do!
It's raining and my ceiling is leaking.
Check out ! Super rad guys and looking into endorsing them.
My bby mad cause I wnt let him eat crackers lol
Where is Austin actually moving?
blessings and more life for 2012 my sister :-)
Loving Spotify so much I'm thinking of upgrading to $10 plan so I can listen on iphone. Anyone else done it yet? Feedback?
i just sent you all the tracks on the latest mixtape we got called F.U.N. (Fuk U Niggas) let me know if we can work some magic
: did a short, powerful segment on #Trayvon on Saturday. Check it out online.
u the best power fwd in the game g go grizz
RT : woman who injected 8 year-old daughter w/ Botox for beauty pageants has lost custody. The child didn't look surprised.
maybe all black with wild makeup ... have u found ur look yet???
They Only Say " Justin Bieber " so We Wont Change Channels . they Know Us So well ...
“: You KILLED Because of Who You Are today!!! Miss you! :)”//thanks girl!!! Miss u!!! :)
thx for the
Last day of my internship. Looking for "good" dub step.
hahaha i swear!
I'm surprised no one had the idea to do a modern Sherlock Holmes before now. Groundbreaking.
I love how the weatherman is mocking the groundhog for only being right "39% of the time. Dude that's better than you
Mike Smith is almost as good a goalie as he is a soap opera star. Acting!
Hi Adam. How's school? I miss having you hold my purse on shoots.
I Hate Sitting Up Under The Dryer..Lol My Neck Hot As Hell !
heh to each his own :)
im not going yet lol
DeviantArt really is a strange beast. If you don't know who/what you're looking for, it's an orgy of sophomoric garbage.
One of my, uh, readers thought the Derek Jeter (trade-value) article was about him being dealt away from the Yankees -- not fantasy. Ugh!
im so board
Missed school today. I feel much better
finked out on the Bohemian Beer Garden outing?!?!
Note to ppl driving from Athens to Texas: not even to Alabama yet and have past 10 cops
Happy Mothers day to everyone !! -From the entire SenSpa Family!
We're the perfect two!🎶
got a cute all time low poster/postcard I'll be giving away. deetz later. plus, a bunch of stickers! info son
why is e'rbody hating on JLo's singing or lack-thereof? we all knew what her limits were from jump street? quit ur bitchin! <--
Different director for the sequel to hunger games?!! Is he crazy?! Ill direct catching fire.
Rickie weeks is an animal
check out the electronic cigarettes at www.xxxmalltheaters.com/Stores.htm
#Filmtrivia: actors who passed on LOVE STORY (1970): Beau Bridges, Jon Voight, Michael Douglas, Peter Fonda, Jeff Bridges, Keith Carradine.
episode #10 of #9thspacecalvary is named the Long Goodby. Both the "Rat" pack and the "brat" pack is broke up. Let's hope it stays that way.
Watching east is east
wow you really are perfect
M Omaha steak from the grill with a Motion W branded on it. What a way to prepare for the start of the season! Go Badgers!
I graduated 2 years ago today.
Lol that's awesome RT : I share mine with Dennis Rodman
Cc RT : Waiting for the first mobile-first brewery website so someone can write a blog post titled "Drink responsively."
FML ; my new favorite saying !
I wanna go to the zoo!!
#oomf need to dm their number so i cant txt them when i be in the chi
Farmer's Menu Appetizer Special this weekend, come & get it! Roasted Sapalo Island Clams w/Collard Buds, Garlic, Ale & Crusty Bread. M.
Of course he is!! It's awesome. RT : Woops I probably should have asked him first. I do hope he's ok with it.
:) Keep pushin' you are almost done!!!! :)
#1919 What is your favorite IB dance from america's best dance crew?(:
Need to know who my Madden Guys going to E3 are? Let me know!
I love the people I work with, that's all there is to it.
when girls wear a brah to make there tits look 3 times the size
its my birthday... & it'd absolutly make my life, if you said happy birthday.. <33
Good stuff
that's the cutest thing ever omg
headed to Modesto, CA
whoop whoop!
IDK why I'm on here, but I guess I'll stay!!
Why does Carlos Lee turn into Keith Hernandez every time the #brewers play them?
Desperately in need of a change of pace
speak on it !
Rise & grind twitter fam! Cant get nuttin dun laying in bed except....well yall know, & aint nuttin wrong wit dat. But when u done, GET UP!!
has has sore legs from jumping on her mini-trampoline yesterday.
2nd switch replacement on the new gas fireplace...great device. Rated as one of the best, but the 10 cent switch fails (repair has said)
Like whom? I've been rejected more than a redheaded stepchild with a limp.
Heading 2 Denver this weeknd.Tried soccer last week, still little rough onthe ankle, I think I can pull off a USG game next weekend.
The joy for this Friday is incredible...TGIF!!!
Rondo just pressed the turbo button on that lay up. Pretty.
Special thanks for Barbara Blue for giving us a taste of her music this morning! Head to the Hark Rock this Sunday night to hear her live!
I hate that type of news :( Another one of the most beautiful birds just left her niche forever, Whitney Houston we will luv u 4ever!
28. We don’t trust you with our iPod’s at parties, mostly because we know “Call Me Maybe” exists. TFM.
What up, I just came back from my daily shredding..... and I almost ran over someone haha, wbu?
First action of the night: spotted a coyote carrying half a cat through a neighborhood.
Whats not to love?
Practice tip: If it was complex enough to bother writing down, NOBODY remembers what it actually says. Read it.
I hope you ate well at #afwf12 :) I'm jealous!
36 hours ago I was sipping pink champagne in Midtown. This morning...starbucks courtside at a volleyball tournament. Good times, all.
my dads bloodhound used to do the same thing! The WORST! She used to knock over everything!
Hey there! Leslie let me know abt your hospital stay. (not on twitter much) I AM praying for you!!!
#SomeWhereInTheGhetto ICE is busting someone without papers that's just trying to feed their fam ...smh
I'm so tired work has been busy TGIF for me but gotta work this weekend! Just wanted to let you know ;)
Was just likened to a Roman senator
RT : RT:: Congratulations to for winning !
sidewalk saying of the day: "style in DC is really an oxymoron"
haha sad but true long live seacrest!!!!
Love getting mail? Message us your address and we'll send you a cool surprise!
So much to accomplish in so little time with so much less to work with.
GET ME TO MIAMI
Regular straws or bubble tea straws? I mean, that's a pretty big difference.
DS9 ep with Worf as Martok's 1st officer is sheer genius. I frikkin LOVE streaming TV via Amazon Prime on my Kindle Fire. All TREK. Yeah!
Welcome to SF - Enjoy Boulevard, one of my favorite restaurants in the City
OMG no even wearing a seat belt!!!!!!
Seriously? R we gonna play either 1 of these teams? #Spurs We go this!
::wavesback:: you're welcome!
Yes, that sounds great.. Let's make this happen soon
Portlander hopes news footage of him at Occuppy Portland will boost his chances of becoming an extra on Portlandia.
Awesome movein specials on our new remodeled apartments. Please call us at 619-462-1940 or just stop by to take a look!
me after a good night lol
In health class.
Everytime i see a mattress on top of a car i think it's a prostitute making house calls ...
Collectivism is insidious. At the surface, claims of the "greater good" seem desirable. Reality = U must submit your individual liberty.
He was really a tough cookie, huh?
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. - William James (thx Uniquely Savvy)
There are pills for that.
Make my Lunch and The Zingaro are at Explora serving lunch!
Today: 1 stranded car, 1 van tire punctured by bolt, 1 chiropractr, almost zero twitter time, and a wistful feeling about a vaca to a beach
Morning twitter... video games, fishing, then family night with dinner and a movie. Avengers!!
Ha! Now I don't feel so bad. I caved too after swearing I wouldn't go back! Miss you! How's ur mom?
Thanks for following. What is your PokerStars club number? Invite code? Thanks.
RT And here it is. has officially declared Sat, April 14, 2012, as MILWAUKEE DAY in our city. LET'S DO THIS.
Concerts. That's All I Really Wanna Do.
It's totally normal go to the grocery store, come home, and then binge eat everything you just purchased, right?
Time to break for lunch. I'm forced to go out because of my company. I'll suffer through and get back to work later. Enjoy!! :)
It totally was funny. :) Now hush up before Wednesday arrives!
lol is marvin's fault he's being rude to u
#RealChangeProject celebrates the work of The Quincy Jones Musiq Consortium and its role in transforming music education in U.S schools
She says she's falling for me, Is it real or maybe she's just saying that so I can forget about how she still loves her ex.. Sigh.. <(")
Internet Marketer living in Broxbourne, Herts, UK. I love networking with like minded people.
oh duh.. I mean it's Cody. Two Australians back to back thoughh ha
we should put up a cover of us playing all i want like we did in guitar club. ill get it down for sure then we can just sing
Spontaneous!? Yes indeed it was!! ..And no one chipped their tooth just time!! Lmbo!!
8 year olds, Dude
I need 4 more followers to have 500 followers! :)
Spent the last half hour working on the self-assessment instrument students will use after tomorrow's oral presentations.
If I was a sailor, I'd sail the seven seas to tell you baby, I don't want you to leave. 💚
Sad. RT This is efficiency. RT In 21 at-bats with the bases loaded last season, Yuniesky Betancourt created 23 outs.
Can't wait for this Bolland jersey to show up… Seriously, I just want my jersey already haha
what did you think?
Down 6 in their place and we playin like booty. Im confident
We ready to rock! New factory & sending all votes in for our top Fresh Kics to drop for 2012 summer time!! Lets go!! follow!
's tits be like woah.
WHAT?! Happy Friday to (and one of our clients) REP: Our ad server accidentally over-delivered your unit yesterday... by 6000%
Paired as visual by the markers of the matter To carry out the case in the matrix of plate and the matter of the rods higher than :-)
Thanks for introducing to a variety of folks at #Advertising.com! We look forward to meeting Crystal.
Instead of partaking in any illicit activity this Saturday night, I'm staying in so I can upgrade my computer's operating system.
can someone help me get more followers...awkward everyone has like thousands of followers and i don't even have 200! HELP MEE(:
sigh.. people*
Thanks for the follow
thanks so much listen I'm sorry cant talk talk to u tomorrow
One of my idols!
sitting in bio class. learning how solar energy is captured
thanks for the very last one (corn)
its always a bad sign if you have to sit on your suitcase just to get it closed
Untold suffering seldom is. ~Franklin P. Jones. And I quote this as I just took a chunk out of my finger with an exacto knife. It hurts!
ah. the sweet smell of WiFi in the mountains
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others ~ Audrey Hepburn
what picture lol I miss you Artha!!
congratulations on the publishing deal bro!
no im more into much more hardcore stuff. Posthardcore, deathcore stuff like that:p lol & ahh, thats nice doing it for her(:
Now if I just so happen to be around a shoe store with a lil bit of cash hanging around, I may be leaving with a pair
something tells me this was not something Mr. Churchill said.
Circling the block outside of a Comics Convention.
Hey , thanks for a badass performance last Thursday night at our presents: TU Goes to Acapulco party.
Monty Python and The Raging Bull - A bunch of silly English and tough Brooklyn guys kick the crap outta each other and then wear skirts.
said ~ we need to make it uncomfortable to behave in negative ways against women. we need a tipping point.
huh? Oh nothing 👼
Daddy's Girl 😜
So far fish counts up to 3, few more and we got ourselves a dinner!
Thanks for the Mention sweetie :)
youre only young twice.... if you dont have offspring
Tried 2 get help from BOA via twtitter for a friend & they were useless. Just wanted info to pass on so friend could contact them
because they're always beating UW
My Friends & I are dancing & singing to "Valerie" -Amy Winehouse! I love Amy! xoxo
is now on Twitter! Sorry I'll miss the show in RWC tonight. Come back to SF soon!
I knew I liked you for a reason!
How the hell spongebob can't swim when he lives in a pineapple under the sea?
Zowie. Better hide the checkbook and car keys while yer at it, or he may take off for Dog Vegas.
There's a lesson for in how to concede graciously here... #class vs
problem is AT&T doesn't have it on HD, so i'm stuck watching bad quality at home.
You gotta swim, and swim when it hurts.
Hope everyone is ready for class Monday. I have a feeling everyone is going to need it after the weekend!
Looking forward to hearing Peter Greenberg speak at #ustia conference.
You guys were amazing keep it going #blueandyellow RT : Thanks nuggets fans you guys were great tonight!!!!!
Are you going? The Help Group's Conf: "Prep.Launch.Elevate: Supporting Teens& Young Adults in Transition to Independence
No problem u do really great :) <3
SAT word of the day: desiccated (adj.) dried up, dehydrated
Unremarkable child has a great destiny.
People who live in stone houses shouldn't throw glasses
Coffee Sleeve Ads, your competition probably haven't heard of this concept yet.
Funny how it turns out sometimes.
I'm going on Friday. Are you calling me a nerd? ;)
But you will allways be my boss in my heart!
The Maestro! Very cool.
now knows the difference between work, expression, manifestation, and item.
Blogging idea# What do people want from a cleaning service?
You really have a very unique last name. What culture/ethnicity is it from?
and and When do I get a Minnesota invite??
"Wonderpets, wonderpets, we're on our way!" I hear that about everyday.
"Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?"
my birthday is on the 8th. Can I get a happy birthday? Or a follow?
Lmfao when you find out a bitch lied bout fuckin with ya ex. Where they do that at? She said they was fuckin around, bitch you know you lyin
hi im a first time book writer I would like some advise
Safe trip! See you on Wednesday.
Sign at kids school "Teacher appreciation day. Bring card & gift card to your teacher." Seems high handed to me. It shld be spontaneous.
Tough for you to be a pariah at any conference. Just start talking about DJing and all will be cool!
The public/private feeling of DMs & tweets is very diff. MT “: Nothing scares me more in life than publicly tweeting a DM.”
Same here bro
what an amazing game and comeback! Go Matty! That fake was insane!
Mike Daisey, Hunger Games, Mad Men.
Gettin' a lot of girls isn't sumtin 2 B proud of.. Keepin' One is!
Good morning, hometeam. Let's get it.!!!!!
We will be starting #EdcampDetroit at the Student Center. Check your email for more info from EventBrite.
This is crazy.. I got a headache too
Weird. I have never experienced Google Voice downtime.
must root for Spurs!!
Good morning! Hope you're having a good Tuesday...
It's good now lol RT : ": My phone is jacked up so if your trying to text me just call.. thx :+)" what
With terrible D behind him?
My grandmas food. >>>?
Just saw mrs.english(: I love her!<3
right? It's ridiculous grow up lol
I had a great time taking pictures at Ta Phrom. Such a magical place!
PLEASE do the right thing to keep in business and doing great things for tourism in SD! You have the power, sir!!
yeah I think Mayweather's mostly to blame but still
Feelin the love at honors and awards the best part of
Great photos! RT : We're LOVING all yr pics of #vegan menu. Keep 'em coming, #VegWeek you could win a $20 gift cert
Hey Young led NFL in passer rating in '91, Holmgren's last year as OC. Again, Shanahan inherited finished product.
PR is the writer's menstrual cycle.
RT : Releasing "Going Rog," memoir of my time as prez of "What's Happening!!!" fan club as ebook... // missed my chance.
I'm sure the speculation industry would be glad to field some hate mail.
happy 3rd birthday to jade and my daughter, la-a ('la dasha ) baboona lopez-quinn. we love you babe.
Join me this afternoon for a chance to win Real Estate tixs, Columbus Crew tixs, and new album!
"Success isn't how far you got, but the distance you traveled from where you started" ~Proverb
“: got all the new songs in my head. hope you do too, soon.” don't torture me like this
I think you're right.
My 5 year old's favorite insult? "You work in Walker's office! We're sending him to Texas!"
About time I learned which box was for searching topics and which was for posting.
turning the clocks back to the summers of 07 and 08 #goodtimes #oldschool #
you are absolutely right!!! :) Right on!!
My ear aches!!!
#FF a few favorites for Friday
Brown butter fried frog's legs over polenta w bottarga w Pierre Peters Special Cuvée GC Best frog's legs I've had
thanks :) I just found some random tums in my desk drawer, so here's hoping. *crosses fingers*
I envy you the cool, wide open trek across the Mojave. Sending smiles!
Sarah Phillips.
I can't even make mashed potatoes in the freaking microwave.
“: Place a STUDENT DRIVER sign on top of your car, and suddenly nobody suspects you of drunk driving.” hahahahahah
Yeah, Hollywood parking is a nightmare! It's always fun when I find a space, but the hunt is maddening!
I'm sure it could be argued that the primary numbers are low BECAUSE the current batch are not acceptable...
This isn't the worst dinner I've ever had, but it's in the top ten. #Kale&HotDogs
I married my partner of almost 9 years in NY last year. It's not recognized here in MI but ya know, marriage /feels/ different
nothing is real right now. what are words.
I really hate today
Is it too late to keep wishing for this year's #snowday?
Guess its time to get motivated and enjoy this day....
not enough people know that the 1st white Zin was a mistake - incomplete fermentation.
Delhomme looks to be chasing his personal turnover record, 3 picks thru 2 quarters
Pondering the physical effects of information overload. What's really going on inside our brains?
awesome voice! :)
like the new avi!
Last religion class in T-minus 1 hour.
But really if you burp one more time...
I;m out night guys...
Kuechly SHOULD be slam dunk Defensive Rookie of the Year. Harrison Smith could have a chance if he starts.
What's the point of printing "English" lit if one needs a French dictionary to read it?!
Heard that mentioned the film. Can anyone confirm? Have a link? Pretty cool.
i feel ya on that girl!!:)
Tip:) The most successful marketing reflects brand consistency. Select a design, template, color scheme, logo, etc. very carefully.
Shadow #business coaching today! Great way to see the strengths of a company.
Great day today! So far this holiday season has treated us well!
does this mean god ran out of fingerprint designs????
Two games saturday LETS GO
Its my birthday and no one knew...
A homeless man just told me to go fly a kite. this is a moment I thought you would really appreciate.
