The worst feeling is when someone makes you feel special, then suddenly leaves you hanging, and you have to act like you don't care at all.
THESE ARYA AND TYWIN SCENES ARE K I L L I N G ME.
If you are still looking, Fan Appreciation store at Brookfield Square Mall has Racing Sausage backpacks :)
Do girls have some kind of muscle deficiency in their wrists? Why are they always so limp and floppy?
In a pine box with 9 shots from my Glock fellas...
Gearing up for Turkey Day! What are your plans?
um. It's so god. Kanye KARDASHIAN
not going to school
alex somthing tells me ur gonna follow me today hhhmmmmm lets see if its true ;)
When intellectual discrimination is applied in an atmosphere of devotional feeling it penetrates into the unknown...
Great meeting 2nite at Tribeca Film Fest. I had no idea he was making music! Great performance and a perfect gentleman.
Can we rewind it one more time? RT : #thesave completely staged tonight.
24 days until #RnRAZ.. Stick to the training plan through all the holidays and parties..
Happy birthday to my beautiful, loving niece, ! xoxo
The thirst is real lmao RT : 7 Days!!!!! (In my The Grudge voice) lmao
Ruins have the road to transformation....
Happy New Years !!!!!
Asking a 4 year old to put his mouth on his mom like that and to look into a camera was probably foreign to that child too.
capabunga will be part of my stocking stuffer
at least the kid didnt spawn trap if ur not gonna cap flags at least dont sit back & pick them off. he was up in their grill
All I saw out of the corner of my eye was "I want to prevent orphans."
Can I just come over to someone's house with a dog & just play with it.. I want a doggy :((((
On the Kyle Busch plan....
RPCV/W Happy Hour @ Marx Cafe in Mt. Pleasant on March 23rd at 5:30pm!!! See you there!!!
If I had a hundred dollar for every time I said I want to get into this fall I'd have enough money to buy a baby grand piano.
But bottom line, bad conduct does not justify other bad conduct.
its all fun and games until someone gets hit in the head by a gnome with a monkey wrench+3
you won't break 100 ... Chop.
great quote!
I'm a cool and I watch kid movies with my little sister.(:
Have you signed up for our newsletter yet?Sign up & get all the latest info on our deals, workshops & special events! www.rhythmastudios.com
CeeLo is strangely low-key for being in such a weird Rick James-meets-James Brown outfit.
Let's start counting down to the first #BuildDay of the year. 32 more days!!!!
What we interpret as a "punishment from God" may actually be a very privileged set of circumstances, a gift.
baim, im gonna go to sleep now, its late. Na'night :)
any facebook buds left, OHC has a site "New Harmonies Ohio Tour". give us a like so we can get a custom url. pleeeze! thank you!!
YNN received the email however it did not include a link to your site or info regarding an upcoming event, or story idea
It's kinda weird going into a test KNOWING you will fail... Excel can go die.
Hello March - In like a lion, out like a lamb. Let's hope the lion does'nt roar too loudly.
Um, Santorum? What have you voted for AND believed in?
": Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar... AND DOESN'T" Oh, how this warms my heart... lp :)
"You stood before creation, eternity in your hand!"
Kicking off the book launch of #MarketingInTheRound with and
You're too sweet 😍
I need to go to El Aguave.
What is big hairy and can fly ?King Kongcorde !
Tommy Gugger is special - why? Hear why 646 652 2754 to listen and talk
Made it just in time for Game of Thrones.
. liked the post. The "Tuning Project" looks to be just another way for to remain irrelevant in its narrow focus..
If you complain, you will remain
web devs, change how you think and do, read by totally changed my thinking
3 More days left to get your orders in to make sure you receive your products before Christmas.
... naturally as a #screenwriter I have my own problems with "a film by" since so few directors write ...
I sure do miss my bestie..try and have a day off with me this week!! I would really like a girls day with my bestest
what are you guys performing on Thursday?
Be carefull using one liners when tyring to catch the perfect fish. We are the land of 10,000 lakes after all.
Don’t bother to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself. ~William Faulkner
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :).
whats up man, how can your t shirts help me out, we need bulk... Orphanz™
IKR?!?! EXACTLY why Creeper mom RT'd ;-)
don't be mad, but i'm gonna pray that it stays on your end and out of downtown. :)
you got it. Thanks for following!
Thanks for sharing!
this library is HAM (hot as a m'fcka)
#il1011 The halflife of a skill is now 5 years.
Get a twitter room please JK LOL congrats lovebirds RT : Woohoo I love you babe :)
weird man, I cannot export vid longer than 30 sec from my iphn 4s... did you upload str8 to utbe?
Totally sucked up that audition
"I was born without you. So guess what? I can live without you."
That's nuts! I made sure to be one of the first in line this morning. :) What panels are you looking forward to today?
Stop trying to blame Lee post-game reporters. It was a lame defense combined with a lack of run suppor that was the problem.
i definitely like animals more then people... they can't speak ...
Yes, catch-up we shall! I need to hit one of your crafty events sometime.
A. Lewin, Warsaw Ghetto diary, 8/10/1942: “Ukrainians, Lithuanians, & over them the Germans, stormed into flats & shops, looting & killing”
I'd like to welcome my lovely debonair husband to Twitter!
they should not have used the poster
Let's keep it rolling Chip!
You will be missed - hope to see you next month with stories of down under!
hahah Oh I know he should be home soon I'll let her know
RT 3 Weeks & change until #rally4sanity!! So excited for DC!! Sign idea? "I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT!"
Right? People say my teeth are white, but they are like half the whiteness of Rian's. That's crazy.
Remain open to Success, you never know where it will guide you maybe to places you have always wanted to go but didn’t know how
It is easier to fight for one’s principles than to live up to them.
this is about the time I need a twix...
me either! I think he was on xaviers and I was talking to Xavier.
Thank you for the mention. The word 'gratitude' is so perfect and I feel it as well!
we're an all electronic music label
Why am I so unproductive these days?! I have so much to do before this announcement! Argh!
“ they can have municipal” or kemper, I hear they are imploding it soon, much like the #Heat in the
you are sending viruses to people, if you don't know, now you do. Sorry, but I'm removing my following because of this.
whatever lol. It's alright I was pretty tired to. Even though I didn't work.
Leaders present a vision where as managers manage the vision. People follow leaders, manage instruct, leaders inspire.
Happy Mother's Day!
I understand now why the #Republicans won't stand up for change and reality...they are old and refuse to embrace change, hover-round bill?
Happy Mother's Day! To the best mom ever! Ever ever ever! Ever! The bestest! Ever! - love Jason. Next year I think I'll just BUY a card.
Hooray, #OpenAnnotation talk accepted at the #DH2012 Nedimah workshop on Ontology based Annotation in July :)
don't worry about it! it's not you! :)
So I'm about to eat dinner by my self 😡
I heard you guys bring in guest bartenders to do fundraisers. Can VGI come in to raise money and awareness for
I'm loving all this advice your sending I love it
Live at Salley Mae in Belen! Doors open @ 7pm
WE appreciate the follow Jean-Luc. Agreed: nothing is impossible. U need to be motivated, ambitious, & dedicated to your craft.
let's go rickie!!!
We also hv a moral obligation 2 stop people like U frm falsely stating tht pub schools r failing so U can turn a profit
Anyone wanna go bike riding this morning??
Life is a process, One step after another until you reach your destination.
we should let know he lost a weller so he can pray too.. <3 I'm so sorry for your loss :o
Am I considered an #og follower... or am I just considered Awesome? Probably the latter? Great. Also, call me later about Circus
Hahahah. So true though
sounds good man, just let me know!
thanks so much for listening!! I really appreciate it
It makes me feel better mentally, although sometimes it's painful physically, lol. I think it helps everyone.
A sacred marriage draws its passion from its inclusiveness. Passion for another person has to fade, but passion for life itself is eternal.
Having a good day. Started a new banging track. Heard some great news in regards to a track. O yeahh. More work tomorrow.
You're my kryptonite
Working, masters degree, daddy duties, and overall trying to chill.
sorry to be getting back to you late, but yes weekend is on tap, we are running low though so come in if you haven't already
#SorryRachel that your so awesome
I AM MISSING MY PROM FOR BTRSEASON3 THAT'S HOW DEDICATED I AM TO YOU AND THE BOYS! NEXT YEAR PROM? ME AND YOU? ITS A DATE!
Cheating is so played out dont lead somebody into something thats not real
What does Jgod mean ?
your welcome lol
Gn I'm exhausted
Trouble can't you see?
My inner interior decorator is about to come out hehe
"If I aint got nothing, I got you... If I aint got something I don't give a damn, cause I got it with you"
Cheers. Was also nice to have someone else cut it for a change instead of myself. A much-needed little luxury.
Going to the game tonight?
Rally on Friday in Hollywood was a blast! Thanks to all whom came to support. www.savethelibrary.org.
Power Forward RT : Free Safety RT : tough love question : what's yo favorite position ?
I loved how when Mary Hulman-George was giving the command for the , she was wearing an #Indy500 hat. Indy 500 > Brickyard 400
I don't play #starcraft but I like watching games
it's *better honey *sigh* Lolol ;)
Goofball nation stand up!.....lol.
Making an appearance in the rec today.
Ugh maybe going to the Casino on a work night wasn't as good of an idea as I thought.
The Neelys are still on TV? I feel like they're always moments away from making out. Also, the barbecue looks great.
RT : Goodell: “A combination of elements made this matter particularly unusual and egregious,” ...
Loyola is in the ECAC in lacrosse.
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
#chartership Hello. Late & still at work but am trying to follow. Lots of useful tips so far :)
fun show, great musicianship, lovely sounds. RT Thank you for the awesome show last night, ! // cc
that's how we do it in my state (x
Will you #barackthevote? *ad
#This.. “ I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what's going on in my life right now.”
Boy is sick, which means I have 2-3 more days of good health. What should I do while I am still well?
Not sure what I would do without your tweets... not to mention your IRC gold.
One more post for the host! Eat the purple bitch! Lol
. Awesome! Don't you love it when your kids do cool stuff unprompted?!
Painting is real relaxation.
lol yo I still have that paper and film if u still want it
Afghanistan seeks Indian help in water infrastructure
#RayAllen IS a go tonight despite being very sore
Starting to feel drafty in here
just frrom peter piper
I think I've slept with like 5 people here tonight. #warts. I mean
Bynum looks like an old man with that unkept hair with all those grays! He's too young for that mess...
Finished reading #TheWestcoastKid by
I believe this Whaley fellow might be able to balance our books!
Don't forget to use #NCORE2012 when having conversations about NCORE in NYC!
I also never realized his name was Michael King...really feeling let down by my education...and wondering does anyone use their own names?
children nowadays learn tech skills easily because they are surrounded by it. We are the tech emigrants.
Watch out for our next contest! You could be lucky one.
but.... but.... it's ALL about TOOLS and ROCKING IT.... right? That's what all these blogs tell me...
WOW. WOW WOW man what can I say
ME TOO. Even more so when they're staff.
Next website for portfolio is done and will be launching after clients next fight
I told my best friend I was "kinda off" tomorrow. Her response was " you need to have a seat". Lmao she's right.
I want my team on Monday!
One thing after another.
re: last blue law... and this happened frequently enough in Utah to make it a law??!!
Shit getting ugly for the knicks
is #NEWPLAY talk better maintained w/o formal reviews? Agree w/ they serve no pos purpose?
Great having #GaryThorne back. This brings back some good ole Red Wings memories. Having Melrose on color is icing on the cake.
the attitude toward this. The reaction should reflect that this is a common practice; didn't.
Got a case of the Mondays? Mix it up with $1.50 Ground Beef or Chicken Fajita Tacos from 4pm to close and $1.50 Tecates all day!
Up 11-0 already, no biggie.
Wow...Cats in zone!!!
Blasting timeflies and waiting for my last class as an undergrad...Im getting old
why u leaving!!! I never knew u were there, GO BACK
me too! Poor guy.
O is for other P is for people scratch a temple, the other P well that's not that simple ;)
I don't want a perfect person, I just want someone to act silly with, someone who treats me well & loves being with me more than anything.
are are still interested in contributions? let me know :) talk soon!
Eric church tommorow!!
Trying to make dollar out of 15 cent
With Mychal Kendricks now off the board, even more reason to think Ravens will go OL
So my lunch opened in my gym bag and spilled all over my work clothes. Balsamic vinegar everywhere!
No meal is complete without a Capri Sun.
well said and so true
Hey! Do you remember what happend in 2006?
very leftist. That's your message? ,)
Firehook Bakery uses only organic white flour, wheat germ, wheat bran, sea salt & water to make a great loaf w/a slight tang.
The things people will do for free lunch. Free grilled cheese in exchange for your soul and a t-shirt thrown in your face.
try not to get arrested down there at
thanks for the follow! LOVE your restaurant!
Please give my mom a happy birthday shout out. She's turning 60 and Steve's most loyal listener.
I HAVE A PINK AND WHITE HAIRBAND!
Today's Sandwich: Tuna Salad or Egg Salad on a baguette with lettuce, tomato & a cup of soup....$6.95 *Chili & Clam Chowder 50 cents extra
HOW WAS THE SHOW DIRT?
#ILcollab The session was lots of fun today. Thanks for your participation everyone!
Does the catcher even use signs when Moyer pitches? Can he even see 60ft-6in?
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is pretty good but someone could have told Oldman that he didn't have to exactly mimic Alec Guinness.
nice job on the fab 3 story and you look great on the cover congratulations
Dr. Chilton heading to the #WhiteHouse today for a roundtable on #hunger #poverty #WIC #foodstamps #SNAP in the US.
Congrats! MT Dissertation defense tomorrow morning.
I've decided that guidette is a good look for me.
Can't stand chrissy ole booger face ass!
#GWU #BlackHistoryMonth #Celebration starts tomorrow! Join us for caribbean day in
Season 6 done. Season 7 starts now.
Dude is CRACKENNN everybody up .
So ready to get my hair done after school.
Be sure not to miss YOGA tonight @ 7pm with Josh Plesinger followed by Spinning at 8pm with Melissa Reid from Fox 8 news....
That's rights Tyler Perry's new movie hits today. Wow I totally forgot I don't know how the commercial has been all over tv.
I have one of these for each of my (3) phones
because LSU will always beat bammer at everything
I never ever see you on campus:( We needa fix that!!
The editing process has begun =)
So I just watched like, 7 of your videos in a row and basked in your amazing accent, and you seem really awesome and stuff.
You have a nice looking Shiba. I took ours out for a walk along the lake this afternoon. Enjoy the evening.
Prayers to Japan.
. That was about imitating the accent. No harm in stealing a few words ;)
Happy Labor Day from Absolutely Beautiful Escorts in Greensboro
Weak effort by
well at least with president paul we'll get cuban cigars
can we do that and still make any money? Trying to convince *them* newer is better is impossible in some places
Are you following ? If not, come on, what's the hold up? They are looking for you to share ideas with others.
my daddy today was PHP.. ugh! >> RT : HTML just slapped my ass and made me call it daddy.
I Cried When you left but i got stronger while you were gone
Love Babbo! The Gnocci is so good!
I need more face wash >.<
I just want what I can’t have you won’t even give me a chance claiming I’m just not as serious as you If you only knew this is serious
Good Morning Cincinnati! We are open for brunch till 2:00 pm! Come see us..
Somehow you missed being in all the promo pictures that were taken Sunday. How did you do that? ;)
The lakers fightin for this win
Sad for me, but exciting for you - congrats!
Pure Sports Group Summer Camps 2010 available at puresportsgroup.com thefutbolclub.com
Well we greatly appreciate it! Cheers!
Damn Mikey You Gonna Let Talk About You Like That?? LoL #Instigator Hahaha
come on yanks
ABC's HD feed sucks. Not cool.
were are u movin to??
wish you were heerrreeeee
Only thing i like about my freshman year is that i played basketball, other than that it blows
I got tickets to see Cee-Lo in Vegas!!!
Holmes catch ruled incomplete after review...FG unit on the field for 52 yard FG
hi how are you?
why i am i #wathcing Love Games
Boston as the least-intimidated by Heat in the league?
I'm off tomorrow too! Teachers are putting grades in for
is finishing up a flat stanley project for his niece's second grade class.
Mitt says, "yeah, I like to fire people but PinkSlipRick? The name says it all!
Scientists have discovered a food that diminishes sex drive by 95% - it's called Wedding Cake
So many things coming up in May, and I still need to find a new place.
please lord.....Even Carter will do. Spare me the pain....
Future-proofing metadata: automate data workflow; harmonize supply chain uses
yes! As a school librarian I always had the kids schoolwork out to check out. The patrons are the lib
I'll try, but I'm terrible at Ninja cam :)
it doesnt matter, id mess it up anyway xD
Thankyou to the amazing for voting YES for #oneunion #sagaftra are 2
what is the worlds' idea of clean coal (not low sulfur)? Is it just PR or what?
Going into tomorrow. Are there any keys for the game to watch for at the game?
Never ending slightly boring interviews.
Jesus, some people on here have some fucked up issues. I don't mean that as a joke. They need to stop tweeting & find a good shrink.
I joined! #38, at your service!
you're about to get plenty of that clock. Lol
i did!!! i miss you!!!!!!! do you graduate this year???
we go on at 930 man!!
Sold a lot of appliques today. About to sew for the next few hours restocking for tomorrow.
... or reducing the dosage of the antidepressant.
Lol I just sat here and thought long n hard about where my phone was and it was in my hand the whole time
Ouch. RT Calipari on Quincy Miller: "I don't know that he ever visited campus"; Miller on UK: "I visited campus about five times."
Happy new year!!!!!
Happy birthday to my wonderful friend !
Not a madonna fan but for u haters about her age what can u do at 50 or less
haha that's so something I would do. Love it! :) miss you btw as well as <3
Dj Andrew & DJ Automatic Elevated Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with Mc Dru & dj Andrew playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!
"Men also have feelings. For example, we can feel hungry!"
Hoping MU has a big finish in them!
The Pedal Mill just opened up for tomorrow night! Book your pre-turkey day night out! We have all 16 spots open!
Keynote Margaret Russel-From jets to jewels is the global authority on lifestyle #design WestWeek
sombody tryin to play me! It's all good tho.. Where u??
Get your shit together or get gone.
And I won't be here. :( RT : Just announced: Bruce Springsteen playing at Fenway Park on August 14th.
everyone please follow my new account i am not using this account anymore
Or service in the tunnel... Wish I could even keep track of the number of times my bus has been 30+ late while I stand around clueless
I can't say anything bout any team til the Bucks step it up. But that's my team though. At least I'm loyal.
Currently 5 guys are brewing a cocca & cream porter this evening, what will you brew?
The amazingly talented Kyle Morgan will be playing here tonight ! A cold drink on this muggy day & a great band? Sounds like a night to me!
Problems in relationship occur because each person is concentrating on whats missing in the other person. ~Wayne Dryer
I read that as "pretty much erection". Sounds about right.
Same goes to you babyboy :* RT : When I see or spend time with &gt;&gt;&gt;
Congratulations Ada Li. For most impressive award at hypnosis cert class.
ha! “ Stats pls: 1) Number of Instagram accounts deleted in next 24 hrs 2) Number of Android users that have emotional breakdown
RT : Don't get desperate! Desperation is a weak emotion and it produces weak results. Be patient, it's coming!
#WATCHING "ALADDIN" (I LOVE THIS MOVIE)
Excited to see what you have in your SF Bucket List! ps You blog body text doesn't load on my iPhone. :/
Laterz kids I'm off to get my vitamin tank refilled ;)
#Christmas is a time when families of all shapes and sizes come together and suspend their dislike of Chevy Chase.
Our VP is breaking ground @ #piercespark today w/ and more!
coming over son 😃👍
I dare you to try and say "Toy Boat" 5 times fast. Retweet if you had an epic fail.
i think ima jus go get my shit from walmart , & grab somethin to eat on the way back and stay my moody ass in the house .
": . the #ACA will ensure your kids get the medical care they need. #Obamacare works"
Happy birthday Stephanie!
no. Idek what ima get into yet when I graduate.
hittin up dat beach on monday. cant wait
Already on that!! :-)
just got my new white itouch:D now just to stay up for 5 hours to download music to it:P
Emerson Adds Two New Stories to Award-Winning ‘It’s Never Been Done Before’ Global Advertising Campaign
Ut oh who was your first game against?
Yuck...lol I guess I got a narrow minded stomach!
what no way!! How?! She's wasn't even in there a month! Is Lindsay free too??
you too!!
It's almost graduation weekend! Pick up a handmade greeting for your loved one from me :)
WuTangs CAPPADONNA tickets NOW AVAILABLE! LIMITED PRE-SALE $10 TICKETS, $40 VIP TICKETS! HIT ME UP!
and me too:) yey
I'm planning my Thursday, hoping to win tix to show me the money!
I'm not gonna lily is my best friend and my next door neighbor don't hurt her please
#FF Welcome to the glorious world of 140 characters , Gary LaBranche !
It took face to face reminders to two relatives today to get them to vote for Nusbaum. Talk to your loved ones!
Pretty darn good, as the sun is shining, the wind is blowing and I sit in 5 hours of meetings today. :-)
Aww ok i was like wait where did she go lol. Do you still get the hate?
I was in denton the other day RT y yu m.i.a.???
you all quiet now? When I really need fuxking answers to cure this morbid depression, thanks
My leg hurts.
Karen and Ramona, are you ashamed of or embarrassed by your childish actions? It seems like you're still in high school.
bumped into my idol Maria Bamford, very desperately professed my love & she said "this business is small. See you in a few years!" I DIE.
Sometimes the key to sustaining your faith is Hoping without having specific expectations. HE will move, but in HIS way at the right time.
RT : Today is National Women’s Checkup Day! Find out about checking for #diabetes & other health problems from
lightning talk on check-uri.pl
I should have tagged you when I mentioned innuendo. #hello #andHappyValentinesDay :)
yo i like the radio show.. keep doing good.
Today, soup factories across Mexico are wondering why nobody in the U.S. is buying their fine product. STOP
Screw the Playoffs Part 1. Take in live music 2nite catch Backstabbing Good People w/ Baby in a Cage & Acoustic etc.9:30p $5.
Who is the RD in Thompson? Great family friend living there this summer when he arrives in June for summer school and workouts
ahh. I thought of you today when I was on Nachalat Binyamin.
Good morning boo
Thanks for the notes dude. I also read through everything in the book and took notes on that. Ready to be done with this class.
automatic curation of content = good; automatic curation and publishing of content = bad
Today is just one of those days that we realize how lucky we are to live and work in this beautiful city.
RT : Hydration nudge. Go drink a glass of water. H20 helps your skin stay youthful looking. Drink up!
u live so dangerously. Let me finish the classes this week and we r on!
Killed my first mouse, well, the mouse trap did!
Time is a priority. You have enough time for anything in the world, so long as it ranks high enough among your priorities.
Sounds like a cool class! RT : Is it weird my favorite class at Isn't even related to music? Heading to Visual Physics!
u still will look fine if you shave it off....
31st ANNUAL CURTAIN UP! 2012 is FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. (for those who really like to get a start on things :)
Nothing will work unless you do ~ Maya Angelou
I still dont understand that thing?
Be cautious of your words...they don't come with a 'Return Policy'.
I wanna watch a good dancer right now.! like one of the followin>>> , , , or
such a fun book. did you read pillars of the earth?
Monkey see monkey do!!
tenor: two hours before a nooner.
The awkward moment when your bro has a girlfriend.
put the call of duty down
those chestvtattoos hurt like a bitch though!
nope! It's not lol
pillow talk is critical then
Yea it does and that's great! I live guys like that.
On a subway in LA... What's next
lol you see you put "eff" and not the actually word though
I see a lot of people in work clothing on so I'm not so sure
i've seen my drunk mexican neighbors passed out in their yard for the past 3 days in a row.
I did too!
We look forward to hosting your event this Friday and supporting some good causes!
Intimidation factor increased tenfold whilst sporting a peg leg.
Optimism says I'm more concerned about not living than dying.
day two and I haven't been chosen for anything. We shall see
eeeewwwooo even i wouldnt go there
YES!!! haha that's awesome, I read the tweet looked over and BOOM!! Great show tonight!
What feed is your favorite to read from your reader? Mine is the or
A MOUTH PIECE IS WORTH A THOUSANDS WORDS!
Are you going?! I thought you had formal tonight?!!!! I'm so confused!
what the hell? When was this? and what was the occasion? dont tell me finally you had a "just because" date!!!! Awesome!
Having the White House in the middle of the most direct route to work is equal parts neat and annoying. Today it's the latter.
Looking forward to more Champions League Futbol this week - go Gunners!
need #oomf to call me 2day who is going be that person
..you have hurt people in your obsession! Broken rules..others will notice, how you and fat biddy there, HORDE other people's "gifts"!?@#$
did a killer chest work the other day going in today for some back
Thank you for a great afternoon!
AVENGERS ASSEMBLE!
bold prediction?
would you like to come in today at noon?
I think suicide hotline operators should encourage callers 2 rob a bank instead. Every1 wishes they could, & it would be a good distraction
I think that means you win.
We have AMAZING TALENT! We just held auditions for the new Coen Brothers movie called True Grit. Good luck ladies!
Don't forget your PLUS card?
How fun!
and me are jammin to Britney Spears on da bus! wishes he was here
Fuck bitches get money!!!!
Phone call from (undergraduate) student at MLS alma mater. Was polite, but not donating--I'll still be paying off my student loans in 2019.
Thanks for the RT!
"Where my Will Ferrel lovers at? Can I get a Anchorman #wheyoo in the house?" Indeed, he played the part admirably.
😂😂😂 omfffg . I thought I was the only one who thought this!
Did Boosie get out??
Here we come ! Can't wait to see you ! With
of course :)
morning guys
got stuck on Being Human marathon yesterday. totally missed Madonna's halftime. of course, she's long since abandoned being human herself.
Hi Kanye, haven't seen you around in awhile. Hope you are well. I'm from Chicago too so I keep up with my Windy City folks!
: Lol oh ok. Did u c me? I had on shades n a blk hat n shorts. U look betta n person 2 Lol
“: I want to move back to NC so bad.”
just came in from the block chillin with the crack heads thy so funny
Dang! She just won the female vote!!!
Yes, you are correct!!!
i just want to , ecs is too muchp
Keyes family tradition: watching Christmas Vacation!!!
Irish hottie from #gleeproject on #glee fuckk yes. Yum.
Ultimate Pics are Freaking Hilarious.hand sanitizer.baby whips.. ball tagz..nipple twisting.. I can't stop Laughing..Thank you
say it and I'm yours
Long day and another one tomorrow #NoRest Keep the #Hustle going..
A great week in London has come to a close. Good to finally meet some of you. cc Great dinner with a great ending.
You got that right!
I love hanging out with you too!!
It's so fun that they're making two great movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords movie at the same time.
Thanks we'll definitely check it out.
YOU IS A GROWN WOMAN YOU SHOULD'T BE SMELLING LIKE FISH AND AN ELEPHANTS ASS.
M brat fry between SARUP & LAP.
You gonna be around on Saturday? Cause we're coming up to CT. My mom is gonna make dinner and I want to get some revenge in poker
it was sort of an impulse decision. will y'all be around tomorrow? any recommendations for fun things to do in town tonight?
Sounds great (I wear a medium)!
where'd the quote come from in your profile??
whats bad luck?
did you d/l the mixtape
youre mean I'll jump in a hole it's less painful xo
Props to our collaborators here in Dhaka, who purchased our team kurta and saris to wear for International Mother Language Day!
blunts with my dad & my niggas
RT : do y'all sell accessories as well?// Yes ma'am! Jewelry, hats, bags, shoes, ties, suspenders...
#np India Arie wings of forgiveness
#FF Number 1 Kids Acting Coach
You a stupid hoe
I feel your 'it would be the third kitty' pain; I'm feeding a feral kitty, & every day it becomes more likely she's staying.
Lol you know I'm playing slime!
Rockin!! Get it!!
say no more
Debating al d'amato, and defending the unemployed, and progressives.
thanks, bro
ok, I'm done. That was fun. Back to work :)
RT : I've tried to resist, but a galaxy far, far away has taken control of this tweet: "May the 4th be with you."
do you have any candy???
you can do it.
New from the Mall: NPS is closing the Washington Monument indefinitely due to earthquake damage.
So Fuckin Drunk....So Many Asians
I'm going to have to check out Rev. Barry Randolph church. He is on point.
great job tonight hopefully you'll be back to the Majors sometime soon. "Don't Stop Believing"
A wise woman once said after the rain comes the sun.
people piss me off
KARAOKE tonight at 3 lions pub-shorewood
Ffs cat! I have NEVER fed you at this time. GO AWAY!!!!!.
Recently RE-acquired Stephen Jackson () will make #Spurs debut Saturday night in Dallas on NBATV.
C.J. Miles has just been beasting it lately. What got into that guy?
Tv is never interesting! #Stupid commercials
Rebel America Inc. lands song placement for TLC's "Outrageous Kids Parties. Congrats to Songwriter - Stephanie Wallace!
History, Archaeology, and Enviro edu signage installed at Maximo Park in St Pete! BIG thanks to City of St Pete Parks Dept.
That is awesome! Must have!
What are the odds of you actually replying back? Only one way to find out!
I want it to be summer already! Can't stay on topic #hethinksimworking #ontwitter and #facebook looking at prom pictures ha
It can never hurt to play ball outside every once in a while.!
If anyone needs any xbox live gold check out my link. only19.99 for a 3month until the 15th. so hurry
Going to sit in traffic for an hour+ just to see #thedevilsdouble tonight. The trailer was badass.
I thank myself and smile when I realize I deleted everything that you sent me. I rock.
Don't want you to say yes or no to the worship of maybe.
Holtby is rock solid tonight.
Do University (Do U): Online resource for learning all things practical for creating and sustaining innovation.
Eating fish is more sexy than eating meat!
just hearing it now & I dig it. Cool direction for the band. Nice change of pace for the album //
Best Las Vegas Nightclub?
Neal!!! Just realized I wrote the name wrong...oops! I was watching YOUR show! I'm addicted. Keep up the great work!
Now we know that is called self defense RT : I always thought that picking up a gun and following someone was premeditation
Museum informatics class = awesome. Intersection of museum studies and information science. Perfect fit for my interests.
Why is it always as soon as we start to like someone they like someone else? & when we stop liking them, they start to like us?
#Libya has the only flag which is all one color with no writing or decoration on it.
i love you!!!
“It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not.” some what
What goes around comes around twice as hard Gudmorning twitter world
Considering where you're headed, there really ought to be a warp speed/wormhole way of getting to Vegas, ya?
My twitter break is over. Back to work.
Waltrip grad at it again...“: Anne Marie Taylor Pitches Perfect Game. Bobcats rout SLU, 10-0.”
maybe that's why I fell? :)
Thank You, It was awesome to meet you and hear about your projects. I was talking to someone last night who is a good JV 4 you.
pretty cute huh! Hah and thanks 😄
yeah I know. Remember that one day we went to a party and Diego was following you and you were making him do illegal shit. lol.
Gimme at point #guarding, with me on the wing #athleticism and in the post #size and I'll see you
Hey everyone sorry I haven't been on in a while I have been busy with a bunch of shit but hit me up and I will try and get back to you all.
Are we a bit negative? Have a great weekend!
Its my unalienable right to figure out what happen to your sex.
And now the experiment: walking to campus - realistic or not?
everyone involved in the project should be able to answer "why am I doing this?"
FYI, the Cold Stone Sweet Cream flavored creamer is the most delicious creamer ever made. M.
u should be on there!!
yeah it's on there :D Woot Woot!!! I'm goin to the HOOT!!
SCOTUS needs to toss out SB1070-- but either way, we still need comprehensive immigration reform.
Anyone going to opening weekend at the ga ren fair this weekend? Half price tickets!
It is my desire that any persons who have read books from A Song of Ice and Fire should receive free access to HBO for one hour/week.
The world talks to the mind. Parents speak more intimately -- they talk to the heart. -Hain Ginott
Just saw a classic double play on SATV....
someone must of hacked your page was that a picture of little orphan annie ????
haha ya you are man
Check out \m/
I miss my sister! How was the bday?
Im a Make-Up Designory student in Soho NY looking to shadow or assist make-up artists or photographers as volunteer. Thank You
Spending day working on reviews, listening to news, and just about relaxing. Just got a call about keeping a bucket of water or filling tub.
Pastor Greg's Church, I can do that. Don't think Pastor Paul will mind.
look at your TL creep. Lmao. Glad you can tweet me back and not text.
I want one Too!! : We'll send that to the #fathersday gift fairy for you
tx for retweet. Gotta give up the droid haha. No I'm sure ur droid is going to soon do things my iPhone won't. :)
": What school you go to ??" Blanche ely high school
thanks for the #FF love. Enjoy your weekend!
Amen. “: we all want to share how we're working 16hour days 2 refute Levy, but I feel ashamed when I work "only" 8-10 hours...”
👏👏👏 RT : Good shit 👍RT : Guess who passed their road test ??? I did I did !!! Souped
lakers getting that ass tapped
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! !
Three-day weekends are brilliant. Maybe I should just use all my vacation days (approx 25) to make as many as possible.
I have a life, it's probably about time you realize this & get back to finding your "life", instead of implying that i don't .
Tough to say, but the Flyers are the better team right now. Our team defense needs a real quick fix
RT Another thing that separates the Beasties from other artists: owning up to their youthful ignorance
#Top100Lies I didn't eat your chocolate bunny.
; going too sleep for real this time, goodnight.
free seminar in SD on 5/28 - "Business is Booming"... reg at www.businessisboomingtour.com using Ticket Code KK001
Brandi, we create custom twitter backgrounds 4 Pro Athletes. Would love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM if U R interested.
I'm not sure if that was quite how I imagined that scene, but oooohh man. Nuts!
Talk to me :)
Are you a fully converted dig comic reader?
no your ok I'm good I'm nicer then you are
Public Speaking & English at RT : Hah. Nice....what did you teach?
Your mom call my mom
Smile doesn't mean u r always happy it's accurately mean u r strong person
This account was not authorized by us () we are the real deal :) thanks!!
Duh, I would buy them!
Just saw the first patriot
Oh yeah... GO CARDS!
Mayweather vs. Merchant advantage Mayweather....he did not take let any of Merchant's pitfall ?'s bother him..Floyd won both fights tonight
green beer n' shit all up on that beeach son
What a beautiful day!!!!
I'm in such a good mood todayy!! :) :)
Hey! How are you? :)
Do it!
Looking for affordable legal representation? Civil litigation - criminal defense - family law. Call for a free consultation ~ 619.338.9500
God made trees, God made grass. God made you... a fucking dumb ass!
hbo miniseries! If I was a billionaire I'd fund it. Just gotta win the lotto
Opening night of festival. I hope it's good! If not, , and can entertain me.
Stop, I'm just ready for step 4: Fun! LOL
Exodus 22:22-234 "Do not take advantage of a widow or an orphan. If you do and they cry out to me, I will certainly hear their cry."
Congrats brother!!! Im starting a music inspired children's line. Would LOVE to collab with you! It will be a blast!
Haha, yeah saw that yesterday. Kind of jealous of that kid.
That's all for the show today! Check back with Troy tomorrow at 10am for a Stir it up Wednesday and a bunch of #NBA talk.
Cantor: House staying in session thru wknd if needed to pass FY11 funding. Hoyer: Give us a clean 1-week CR 2 avoid shtdwn. Cantor: No.
Lap Dance Body Workout Done!
Wales, WI? Thats about 30 mins from Brookfield - I'm just trying to make friends to spread the word 4 my biz :) thxs Tammie
I just found your response - VERY FUNNY! (Don't listen to the cat!)
a phrase i'll keep - fomo: fear of missing out.
We doing ur azz on sight!!!!
hahahaha , yeah andI also want to kiss and marry these girls 200 :D
Tip: Add fresh avocado to your morning green smoothie for a thick, creamy texture and an added alkaline boost...
I get burnt out too. I'm about to enter what I like to call "no" November. I dedicate a whole month to learning to say no!
My car is ready to be picked up. Nervous and excited. I miss my 2003 Camry.
Back from the post office
i am gonna sleep night ;) <33
Hawks win! Good night!
IVY: Check out Amanda French's website at amandafrench.net
Maybe I'll get drunk again. I'll be drunk again. To feel a little love.
T Monk says what's up had lunch w/him today
Hoping to get back into some journaling this afternoon. Have you found Smash journals yet?
My #ZOOM360 owned the Town Lake trails today! That is the perfect jogger for me!
Im cold un this class
i think it's the first time i'm appearing in ur icon lol YEEEEE
GREAT #HEAT WIN!!!
At navy pier.
I hate weak texters
I just got a long email about acupuncture.
Dear regulators please read the research/studies on fraud from IFP, AICPA, IIA, FEI, NACD, CAQ, etc. Thanks for the new business!
Thanks for the follow and thanks for all the hard work you do!
"I Used To Want Him Until The Day I Saw You"
DO YOUR JOB.
Goodnight all my followers!!! Hope your slumber bout to be as good as mine -_-z
C'mon Sis, Step ya game up.RT : Then she laid another draw 4 on me then won the game?!
lol I'm gon send you some tissue
well u could search for one then ask
put you to sleep after 30 minutes
I am unbelievably jealous!
thinking of you, following Syrian tragedies a few times a day, hoping things turn around for everyone. Love from Colorado, US
I would be most grateful to see them, Miss Dana! You are an artist of corporal discipline & I'm honored to have you on my TL
hasnt been a bad day..
Happy Birthday Dennis Bergkamp!
Why wait?!
Twitter friends, my cousin is in ICU fighting for his life, please pray for him, he is the father of 3 kids & is loved by his family dearly.
beautiful sleeping
That should be quite the interesting challenge while driving - be safe, have fun.
UW-Green Bay transfer Clayton Heuer to play at UW-Stevens Point.
it was my first time at a totally raw meal. Very intriguing - and I'd definitely do it again! Curious about cashew cheese.
lol ok then I forgive you ((:
Apolo Ono weighed 141 lbs, and leg pressed 1950 lbs during the Vancouver Olympics
Fantastic. Thanks for the speedy reply.
listen here lil bitch you would cry for months if i choked so dont play like that.
I think it was hershal's son, he wasn't around much....
Running a sectional with the Phantom Regiment trumpets today! Awesome!
*Shaking my head remorsefully* I don’t know. We’ve managed to find out is that she ran out on her husband about four months ago.
ralph KO'd my ass today
I agree.):
you play on ps3 or Xbox?
I'll be seeing Abduction on Monday! Opening weekends are to loud!! I want to actually enjoy the movie!! Can't wait!!
Glad to see Mit Romney's ratings are higher than Obamas
drinh thru Barry like we don't no the Speed! 🚗💨
: If agency isn't giving you docs & you're entitled to them, write about it. Works whether you're at small or big media outlet....
Riding to the heat game tonight! Game 2
Ah!!!! *deep breaths... deep breaths...* people are so frustrating I can't stand it.
Is Lebron and Wade not playing as well?
Got my classes for next year gonna hate housing and interior enviroment
My current spotify playlist goes from to The Muppet Movie soundtrack. And it rules.
Purchased my new car. A fiat 500c who I have named Bella.
Cool, see you then.
Project Adventure Course at Columbia HS has 29 different elements and was funded by 190k grant.
Going to look at a new house today!!!! :D
Drake Club Paradise >>
Very welcome. We are not with Art Basel per se but we are included in all of their maps, info & our show is at the same time.
for a short time, yes. Now I have a place... but we have to move again tomorrow
To Gretta, sorry about your loss. I am glad God seated you next to me on the plane. God bless. Kentucky is beautiful OK best hair!
Couple on train in front of me is making up every other sentence of a nursery rhyme. Sigh.
The photoshoot for our movie poster is scheduled for Nov. 18th, 2011 in Boynton Beach, Florida with comedian Tom Rhodes!
It's happy hour!! Come on in for 1LB of buffalo wings for just $4.50! Happy hour is from 4pm - 7pm.
You tell me to go wit somewhere.. & i say hell no im sticking w/ ONE DIRECTION<3
Someone tell me a GOOD site I can illegally download some tunes and not destroy my electronics.
Lol were some fat ass niggas
Steven Pinker moderating a panel tonight: a look at the original roots of artificial intelligence, cognitive science 'n neuroscience
love what you do!! thanks!
I Cried When I found out I was pregnant.
After learning about event listeners in javascript = brain feels melty
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
I don't know why twitter keeps unfollowing you for me. Glad I caught it Amy. Geez!
Agreed! Will not watch. Seen it once. Appaalled!
Ah I know!! Wait are u in SD?! Come to the Marriott ASAP ;)
louder next time
set ur DVR to catch up and Duck Dynasty.
Did you know, working out for more that 45 min is actually bad for you?
Let go of yesterday. Make today a fresh start with a fresh attitude. It's a new day!
Tomorrow is almost certainly going to be a snow day for spawn, but not for me. (Snow days are un heard of at the U. -- don't know why.)
Don't ask me to stop at 711 because you need something and come out with a lollipop
love you more
The marathon of parties continue. Sunset Lounge It's going to be bonkers!!!
Mom, remember the last 8 texts you sent me next time your menopause takes over.
You are very kind, sir! Thank you! Watched The Avengers by Whedon yesterday. Rollicking film . . .
aww lucky! i cnt believe i couldnt go! i only live 9 hours away:( i bet u guys had alot of fun at HHI huh? lol
That should be stitched on their jerseys. RT Where did Aviles think that pitch was?
hey that makes me skinnyish LOL
My 20's = a learning curve. My 30's = got myself together...somewhat. My 40's = ? Countdown to the big 4-0 tomorrow!
Great time at last night! Thanks to and for a great time!
The numbers game on fb is killing me
#MaddenNFL13 just played a remix of the Madden 13 theme, sounds cooler, but both are good
WOW! RT We do need New blood in politics, I vote for
and what about me? <3
its moving day. oh moving day...i'm ambivalent about it and yet a new chapter begins.
Keeping busy w/politics & back working at the courthouse again and planning a trip to see my sister in San Fran next month! :D
thanks for the support! ;)
From here on out I am banned from target within 2 week of any Haiti trip.
And that is in line with all other polls before that CBS/NYT poll. It must be bogus. Is the CNN poll recent?
No bank holiday over here in the US of A but then everyday is a bank holiday for me seeing as the government won't let me work yet
Hackleaf has officially begun! Excited to see what cool projects next 24 hours will bring
I'm excited to see what kind of suits the guys wear tonight haha
if I see you at teen hoot will you take a picture with me?(:
if i ain't the shit bitch gon let me thank it. i'm the shit yea you the shit no!
I think im may finally be fully recovered from my bday now...
Tonights Twitter Poll (Please RT!) >> Who will lead the Miami Heat in scoring this season? Bosh, Wade or James?
So amazing that this trip came together at all. So happy for you to have had such an amazing experience.
ya. its one game. itll be ok. fresh start if were 2-2.
hi babe.
hell yeah. A good ol fashion brotrip to start the summer off with.
Who pays the bills for the new non-profit news gatherers? New Pressroom Buzz.
Torrey pines hike with Good morning San Diego!
if im ever lucky to have a gf i hope she is like she always makes me happy her and
Love Exciting & New. Wait that's the Love Boat. Come aboard a different kinda cruise at Casual Encounters/Missed Connections....
Haggadah, A Norton Critical Edition: What makes this edition different from all other editions?
Will the Head and Shoulders Qualifier B tournament work today?
Excellent Russillo podcast today. Plus some sweet stats to impress the ladies. RT NBA Today Podcast: 4/13 www.es.pn/gBz5xF
If I buy 10 of those Open Hearts, do you think they'll throw in an autographed 'Dr Quinn: Medicine Woman' photo? Now that's a better gift.
Where are thou???
Haha why is that sad?:o
Currently heating my apartment with my stove.
Thinking of the person you would like to become will increase your expectation "mechanism"!
Want to win something from your show! How about free tickets and a trip to see it :)
Damn Los Angeles for this perfect weather... Makes me feel bad for staying in the house watching sports all day
Is Al on Twitter?
1:30 Press conf to voice my support for Property Value Protection Ordinance; banks should upkeep foreclosed homes
That list is faulty. How could you not have New Orleans ranked. They must have never been there. I have and drinks are plenty
Yup Yup I'm trying to work on a song now..lol
Sorry folks, it looks like my account got hacked and is sending out weird messages. I'm fixing it now.
We're not right now but drop us a line -- -- and we'll connect you w/ our volunteer coordinator!
maybe JoesquaredPP ? and r there
O'Hare Airpot with Kaleigh... Be Safe! LOVE YOU!!!
By thinking of the simple things you say to me that get me through the day.
Most outlets are covering the Junior Seau tragedy, but not yet (at least online). I wonder why...
Hitting the sack.... catch me in the morning for "SHREK the Musical"! LIVE on CW6!
Back in the Game with a parachute!! Good song!
I wanna go live in Puerto Rico cause I bet that my bf will sexy as hell!!
| Innovate never Pirate | We don't follow trends or competitors, we focus all of our attention on the customer proposition
At seeing florentina camerata and ships & sailing
dealin' with heart i dint break
#Health tip: Studies show the more acts of generosity you commit, the better your overall health.
I'm glad you know what wind is lol :D
Go girl!
Perhaps the occupation is not an activity but a status in question. Our very "occupation." Such a protest would not require phys occupation
Yeah - I just haven't had an appropriate situation to apply the infection language in the direction _I_ like to use it. :)
Gasol picks up his 2nd foul. About time we get a call
The idea that once you achieve “success” you will then not have to work so hard is not True. The opposite is actually True.
Windy today(:
Ready for this grizz game!!
Watch the throne is STILL being hyped?i like it but smh..my beautiful dark twisted fantasy didnt ever get this much hype & it was way better
Follow this lovely lady she's the best :)
Fourth cup of coffee!
hey, I am going to see St Vincent in a few hours!!!
I compare it to a really great reception (never-ending) at a fantastic conference. But you have to circle good ppl
Picked the graphics for ScanMan today! Horray!!!:-) going to look awesome!
Issue 107: , & The Kitchen Rest., lineup, local bands , Inversions, G.Green + more!
Wake n bake
I love you <3
TEACH IN NEW YORK!!! YOU'RE AMAZING!!!
you're dumb. Lol
yea whatever!
GOTZ TA GET ME SUM COFFEE!!!
Hope everyone has had a Mahvelous weekend!
Political advertising is disturbing this early in the morning, end of days disturbing
Lmao finally got my legit cd of drake take care :DD!!
Many kids with ADD/ ADHD respond well to touch in the form of hugs, kisses, and close physical contact.
If u are absent while I'm fighting, don't even think u gonna be in my win
RT : It's #AskArchivists Day! Anything you want to know about digital preservation or personal digital archiving! Ask away!
Learning how to shoot a gun tomorrow;)
Love a good night run with 
Don't forget exams end tomorrow Warriors!!!
I'm on the same pace.....
What holiday drink can you put vodka in? People of the internets, help us brainstorm. Prefer hot drinks.
I want a jeep :(
I'm only prepared for your pep.
Truth is beautiful without doubt; but so are lies
thank you!!! For nothing !! Lol sike !
You have no idea how much I really like you...
Just sayin', Jim Jones' gospel album is way better than Herman Cain's.
Hey fans my meet & greet pics from Solvang, CA are now up on my website...check em out!
i aint with your foolery
yeah, they talked abt her during production. There will be a nod to her at least.
part way through the cd proofing. i can't wait to share this album with you!
Best Vietnamese in BK? Suggestions?
gotcha! Yeah it's a bit pricey.
No. Hubby was on the Nimitz but is getting out so he's at Bangor now. We're in Kitsap.
thanks for the follow. We're interested in healthy food also.
Nobody likes Mondays, but we've got a lunch menu that makes it a little more bearable...
The lady sitting next to me on the metra just shoved 5 pieces of gum in her mouth. I'm going to crawl up the side of the train...
Awe!! That's sweet but I still can't believe you guys enjoy oysters!
I miss Shane Battier in a Houston uniform now that he's with the Heat. That lucky bitch will probably get a ring this year.
same! i'll message you around 9 and let you know when i'll be headed back toward the city.
THANK YOU!
I thought tonight we were brits??
I can feel #Friday and it makes me wanna dance even if it's with myself
For the man that has nothing to hide, but still wants too
Recycling in Seattle: Give them a quick rise or scrub. Jars, tubs, bottles, and other food containers need to be clean to be recycled.
UW is slow, hope they can keep up.
"Three witches you shall meet, along the road to your fate." Sweet God of Metal, this album is dramatic metal gold.
oh ok a
#Ron Paul suspends his #presidential campaign - Ppl are shocked because they thought it ended abt 6 months ago.
it's easy to develop habits. Good or bad.
pre ordered mine this morning :p. (seriously) but it only a replica
MT Dufas: signing a bill to REPEAL equal pay for women...THAT'S proof the GOP have declared a War on Women
So glad, , for the follow. Thank you!
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you
look at you all hatin' on cyborgs
Showtime! RT : We are LIVE on TV now!!! Watch, tweet and post comments!! We are loving all your thoughts!
Brilliant! Thanks for sharing that.
I didn't know Boulder had its own airport.
RT : Did you know...ALL donations we collect for the Month of March will be in turn donated to Medical Research which...
It is! It's also the Bermuda triangle in there. I didn't get cell reception until I stepped outside! ;-)
hello I tweeted you my phone died!
Not our kids that r failing but adults that are filing 2 make important decisions, says Cami Anderson, Superintendent of Newark
The Purdue/Western Michigan game was the strangest football game I've seen in years. And I'm even a West Ham fan.
Heat lose tonight, LeBron easily becomes the 43rd or 44th best player in the league. Probably. / Nah. Still top 40. Barely.
Bout to watch our new buddies, Built To Spill kill it Dickies Showcase!
Happy Hour daily from 4-7pm and 9-11pm to celebrate the end of tax season....or relief from the same!
yo visit and add me on myspace.com/magikentpromotions
Give some thanks to Eloy and Orlando! “: I'm really honored that the Dominicans have asked me to coach their national team
My happiness does't come from money or fame. My happiness come from seeing life without struggle.
Perry Ellis!!!!!!!!! More blue chips for the hawks...
Love is like a grocery store apple: look all you want, but you will never find one without a huge dent in it. Nobobdys perfect-especiall ...
Rob Thompson () 3/14/12 1:37 PM Cannot wait for an awesome dinner at with tonight
Fun fact: Jack Davenport & Sonya Walger were together in FF. Both starred in Coupling: he in the orig, she in the crap US remake
I put my trust in you.. pushed as far as I could go.
Observation: maybe because of who I follow but... generally #Badgers hate Sue more than the
that's one of the reasons we love Rachel though, she's loyal :)
best finals matchup to have never happened was Hou-Chi 1994. Dream was as unstoppable as they came back then 2nd to MJ
"Decide what to be and go be it." -Avett Brothers
mT “: Science is a process vs fixed body of work. The Scientific Method is curiouisty crafted into inquiry. #MNEarthDay” A System
Oh yeah! lets rock hmir7
How can Harry Reid claim that the American Public is supportive of the public option? What am I missing here?
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Cleveland! Check out the Buckley Guitar!
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you, I could walk in my garden forever.
Wow... That goal by kopatar... SH too. NHL playoffs have been spectacular
:) Thanks DC!
Tastes a bit weak but definitely drinkable :D
Where you @
Papelbon gets a save.....Back to the Celtics game.
why? what happened?
… and one by one the endless supply of WintOgreen lifesavers enter my mouth
I love when adult nerds review childrens movies as being bad. Seriously. That movie will be exactly what its trying to be.
Good Luck with your sale! Let us know how it goes
I completely agree.
sitting next to griffin, just finished some class work?
Appreciate your support! RT : bought my vintage Gopher Hockey t-shirt from today. Thanks!
#oscarwilde was funny. A favorite -> "Only the shallow know themselves."
Ill send you a few of my Mp3s Frank Tony Nat Type music. Message me your email address. Enjoy Time to relax and let me sing to you!
Man I want to punch the owl by my window for keeping me awake. Last night he kept saying, "Who?" & I told him, "Mike Jones!" like 30 times!
You say you have no time for her? Well Justin has millions of fans, and still has time for Selena. So what's your excuse now?
Cruel and unusual, Andromeda.
They can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out.
will be anxious to see it evolve.
All the new people i met taday. > its boutta be a tight as summer.
Nighty night Oprah : )
Justin is creeping on 's account :) hurry follow her if you want to be followed.
SO BORED, dont want to go to school tommorrow!!!!
We are pretty excited for our scholarship workshop happening this Friday! :) Visit www.columbiaprep.com for more details.
what do you want on this laptop? i got it working.
Just woke up from along nap
of your dreams.
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?None. The light bulb will change itself when it's ready.
has just cracked the TOP 10 on my favorite cousins list! ... remains ranked 3rd on my favorite siblings list
Sending my prayers and hugs.
I so love it when you cuss.
I just had a freaking dream my 2 friends was bout to fight O_o not gonna say which 2 tho ._.
I can't stand it when people refer to applications as databases
hey are you working around town this afternoon, looking for a place to camp at later :)
Ate a donut before my track event.
are you going out with Sparks on it?
We Successfully submitted 6 Complete Building Plans and Structural Calculations to Chula Vista, City and County SD this week!
great meeting you, as well. Look forward to your web series.
I was excited before...now I am freakin estatic as hell!
ok, finally opened up my board results--I passed!
Who will be the first to make a Tanya Memme meme?
i just want to run around and catch fireflies
what are you talking about?
I hv to do a interview and I thot it would be cool to do u so is ther anywy i can tlk to u in a vidchat mayb? need it by nxt tue.
rofl yea
Got Cookies going so strong, drinking milk while talkin on the phone, ice cream w/no damn cone...Got snacks on snacks on snacks
Make the money, don't let it make you.
I wrote my mom a heartfelt letter and cried my eyes out. I hope this works. I'm running out of solutions.
Thank You Joan ♥ (:
#SportingKC game day today. Getting excited to be in the members section this time instead of working te parking lot
hey Shanley! Am on the waitlist for the hackathon tomorrow but would LOVE to attend. Any chance I've made it as an attendee?
Creating a Legion is an action you can do right now to change America and the World!
Gotta run..this 29 yr old thinks she can kick my ass in class..so let me go rough her up a bit..I enjoy accidentally kicking her.
why does braun take such high practice swings?
James carville is the head ref tonight
Deleting one "ha"from from your "hahahhahahaha" because you feel like it's too much.
Bring me the horizon is become one of my favorite U.K bands those guys are the shit.
wow thank you!
Just confused about what just happened with Tracy's nomination.
things are going great at SXSW!
There can be no transforming of darkness into light and of apathy into movement without emotion. -Carl G Jung
Fat Tire Tuesdays presents great food & cheap drinks | 8PM | Acoustic show |
Hey everyone... just a second to drop by and say hello to my favorite tweeps! Hope everything is going well. See U again soon. :-)
Glad you liked the treats! RT : Oh and I can't leave out , who also hooked me up last week
They say snakes in the grass, I'm gon cut that shit
agreed, and I like it quite a bit. Your box goes out tomorrow - think you'll like it
- Wolf needs some drones in Canada. Save the WOLFPACK
Here's the deal! presents and in eugene at the wow hall ! Shits goin down, come out !! RT RT RT
lol, quite astute.
Only a few tourists left in the gym. New years wasn't that long ago was it!?!
Hoping the weather cooperates for a long run this weekend
yeah man we almost fell off a "cliff" until Seph showed up
Chris Kreider for Boston College Athletic Director!
So happy Jeff is working tonight
i have headache and i keep biting my nails we love you
Thanks for your support!
Monday means #Trivia @ 8pm! Let’s test your #Cubs knowledge! Who is the only Cub player to hit grand slams in consecutive games?
Good restart fitness program. 3000 strides elliptical @ 10/2 ramp/resistance Must re-grind 30lbs
" Post-Cobain is a genre? #ThereIsAGod" the deli la thinks so..i just like to tell people it's dirty rock
#ItMakesMeHappyWhen we play with really talented acts on tour!
Had a great time for a great cause with Helping fight the battle for ALS
Does the former mayor have the resources to do it??
Wow!! So tragic! God bless brother! RIP
Q: Is the term "Democratic evangelical" obsolete? ML: No. Obama can galvanize that group
did u film another #C2C video?? :-)
Off to bed! I did a test to know if I was addicted to coffee. I'm not! I can enjoy my cup of coffee without any worries, they say. Ly all! ☺
If you have a purple dress for the ball jump off a bridge !
Good morning! Texting and taking care of business...it never stops!
Condo is playing a great early 90s mix. Normally prefer the beach to the pool but loving the 90s throw back.
haha yea all of them :P lol
no! Do you not see all the hair?!
gave up to quickly I know I'm making it far idc about anyone else
Had no idea Jay-Z said "pause" on "Never Change" back in 2001
Hey thanks! You guys have been doing some great work lately at the JS -- keep it up!
follow me please
then chillis! Wee
Definitely, anytime!
ur welcome. :) Whenever you feel like it, please feel free to retweet our news stories that get posted. Hope ur day is well.
Utterly floored by this dilemma...I thought being good at #tetris automatically meant you're good at all puzzles?
wow 100% off?
Thinking only about the negative, also thinking if I'm really goin to give up. Running on 3 hours of sleep! :\ and he just don't get it...
Received a email at 9:12 this AM. Went to buy it at 10am and the deal ended. Good advertising, guys.
Thank you Chris. Make it a good weekend..
I'm looking forward to the #Cardinals losing sometime soon.. Don't they realize the Pujols and LaRussa are gone??
(Also, awesome nerdy debate is awesome, and I envy the nerdy lifestyle that your suite [and Patty] leads. :P)
I know what my dream is. I just don't know if it's a part of God's plan.
thanks for thinking of us! Our blow dry clinics are the best. Call us at 251-9182 for more info!
Niggas a betray you before a blink of an eye.
Boom. Purchased #weenieroast tickets.
we are 3 registrations away from have 20 teams!
"Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable." -John F. Kennedy
Thank YOU! It was our privilege. Everyone is still talking about that amazing performance!
So ready for the band trip thursday! Need to get out of Galax!
do you come to Kansas City at all?
Dedication means doing something when u don't want to, or don't have the means to... Find a way..
I'm just going relax, act like a girl, and look at wedding dresses that'll I never be able to afford
have you ever played with SVMs?
I have a half day tomorrow too ! OMG #meanttobe (:
what cha doing today?o:
SUP BEACHES!
Maybe he believes in a god that has no description. Why do you feel the need to define it?
Turns out lawyers in American courts really do stand up and say "Objection!" so good.
We are minutes away from the green flag at Phillips Island in Melbourne for World Superbike!
Remember that night all of our DJ's got pneumonia?
Who else is buying #comiccon tickets right now?
Texas is one of nine states currently considering campus carry; similar bills are in Ariz, Tenn, Mich, Okla, New Mexico, Fla, Neb and Miss.
Thank you!!
People at my school think I'm a satanist.
Great first half, but...Next year!
Win a copy of Byron Cage’s ‘Faithful to Believe’ DVD! Each time you mention you'll be entered in the drawing
maybe not what
awesome; keep posting :) what's the question marks about? O_o -confused-
I gotta leave you alone..🎵🎶🎵
Thank you, we are (I am) a huge fan! We'll try to avoid abusing anything... ;o)
DJ Quadi tonight.... Edith on the Violin.....SMoking Hot Go Go Dancers.....Only 2 tables left....you know its going to be a crazy one.....
We're looking forward to it.
anybody wanna come make homemade pizza with me tonight/watch a movie?
there was some drunk kid shouting the same lines into his phone repeatedly at his gf and ruining everyone's earspace
Agree to that!
Tomorrow! Yes!
That's your own fault.Try harder :)
The "Luck" cancellation announcement you posted just ruined my day.
Ryan Kennedy is a nine year old boy battling brain cancer. His wish is to have his name tweeted! Please help him by tweeting this! Thanks!
All inclusive? Does that mean we get free booze?
coolin we cant be friends :)
Fair enough. I will keep faith that they will continue to write compelling plotlines.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.- Martin Luther King Jr.
So the Boyz are in LA!! Ahahahah
off to the gym, week 3 of running plan = complete after this. actually been enjoying it...shocking.
On the mound for the Dodgers tonight is Clayton Kershaw.
What the hell are you waiting for?
WAIT U WANT ME TO SEND IT IN THE MORNING?
Remember, Easter is about more than chocolate bunnies. There are also marshmallow Peeps!
Pictures please! I hope you found some excellent sh*t & took photos...or will we be receiving awesome stocking stuffers nxt yr?
I wont be able to control myself when #summer Hit! lol
Oh fun, the 10 m.o. has discovered the recycling bin. Discovered Lid dog proof, not child proof, & plastic containers make good toys
Anybody wanna bring me a pint of Ben & Jerry's "everything But The kitchen sink" to wash down some bad news with??
Tonight feels like my enemy.
check the stats
All those #clippers doubters need to chill. We came to play
I got you to 100. You're welcome.
To believe a thing is impossible is to make it so
For your Compaq printers you can either choose to use OEM Compaq cartridges or their remanufactured equivalents
To all our Bar/Restaurant follower...Tag us in a tweet and we will RT it!!
“: Patrice was a natural talent and had original ideas. Thank you for hours of entertainment. #RIPPatriceOneil” So sad.
Thx for the wakeup call I didn't set, Hilton Garden Inn #JFK. Ugh! Worst night of sleep ever thx to my lovely neighbors.
Thanks!!! We are located in Baltimore City Bolton Hill area.
I don't mind ugly art, I just don't want to look at it.
Was going to write something pithy about the debates, but looked at all the headlines and got too depressed. Will drink instead.
have you heard from your parents? Are they ok?
Fitting the season would end like that. Ugh. Still proud to be a Badger.
ah u look great in that pic I look like garbage !! haha.... I miss random and always fun nights with you. reunion??
great looking mug! On the dog I mean
one of the mysteries of life, considering
great work on the presentation guys!
wait did i miss something? I thought u guys want 2 work it out...or is that only for the camera? idk its kinda mean..
RT : THE STATE: MIDNIGHT! Tomorrow night! April 28! Scott Pilgrim vs. The World! Only Six bux!
for sure. I'll take it...I hope we come home and play just as well...and it's not like coming home to
Last point of your marketing plan should be "What Else?" Always leave yourself open to creativity beyond what's known/expected.
REALLY !!!!??? Fuck !! There goes my proposal idea
agreed! pick a topic you love. Remember you will be working on this project for 9-12 months!
Know what you do. Do what you know.
we can't wait either!
Robin Thicke - I'm an animal. On blast and on repeat.
I hope Vanek is dealt in the offseason. He's had a horrendous 2nd half of the season.
same, same. g'luck on your run. let's link soon, neighbor!
If you're in NOVA, I've got power and laundry facilities. In Crystal City.
42 percent of gamers are now women
Hey, my agent was there! - Did you see her there?
The fanny pack is coming back? Hipsters please stop wearing bad fashion ironically! This is your fault.
bring me some!
The post office is closed today but The Metta Space is OPEN. DIAL/MMS 619-219-0742 for inquiries
me and are here! This snow is bs!
like holy shit you're fuckin retarded
Mad how you can be getting into someone for ages, stop speaking, then start speaking again and find out there now a dad...
Greetings! Stellar roster you got there... Give us a listen?
Funny how my old highs are suddenly my new lows
there is as is i tweet a hearing on the the school buget that i am about to attend tweet questions that i could ask
It's coming together nicely. i'll send you a link when its ready
RT : Rt GeorgeSchroeder: Oklahoma issues statement confirming president, AD met with Pac-10's Scott, Weiberg in OKC.
Did you ever do lecture 35?
I had a nearly optimized Amazon in D2 when I was in college, and it took forever to collect and trade for that gear.
thanks Matt! We miss you!!
*happy dance* We have predictions of beautiful weather through next Tuesday! Keeping my fingers crossed for Memorial weekend.
I LOVE Poutine! I'm in the office today - otherwise, I would be there in a heartbeat. M chips, cheese curds and gravy.
How did this happen?
Interesting that shoppers are not typically candidates for the Tiffany & Co. peeps.
