Guys gay girls follow me mwa love yall
I just want a regular girl...
Not a bad person, but maybe a little slow. ;-)
Thanks to for their wonderful grant and ongoing support!
A status message has just put me off Facebook possibly permanently. Friends with babies, please send pictures to my email.
Kind of you to say! I started twitter & got swept away by Instagram. Trying to envision integration of the 2.
All we ever have is right now!
surfing in the internet :P
Can't wait to see if is going to do update. LOVED Christmas song.
you going
you know it Z, good ol uncle Wayne!!
Well Hello World(:
First priority for Gary Johnson supporters: start tweeting/Facebook'ing support. This is an uphill battle, but it is the RIGHT battle!
Anticipation makes a hard dick last longer, just a heads up ladies....more sucking the dick ;)
NV "I have been a longtime supporter of marriage equality for all Americans and am glad [Obama] has embraced this civil right."
I gave you my number at railsconf but you never called.
Heading to my blood red jeep! Windows go down Sunglasses on Turn on radio, turn it up!!! Blast Jennifer Lopez!!! ( papi )
yall wild for that fuck that beef where the music at
Whats good with yall. Yall one of my fav. rap groups of all time are yall making a new album or what
i know you
Mowing the lawn with ma tractor! LIKE A BOSS 😁
was a sinner
The night has a certain quiet intrigue about it tonight. I don't always notice it, but when I do it breathes inside me.
And I don't know how it gets better than this, you take my hand and drag me head first.. Fearless. 💙
UP TO 65% OFF !!! EVERTHING MUST GO!!! HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
hahahahaha she's kind of slow!! But that's why we love her!
I kno yall seen that come back! Clippers baby!!!!
TONIGHT ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS FROM CINCINNATI! LADIES FREE TILL 11 $10 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN 21+
Good Job .. And you looked good doing it...
Please go follow
how so?
6 days until our school board votes on whether not require parents to take some social justice training
“: Humbeled Just received the Breaking Barriers Award at Thurgood Marshall college friend award 2011” u knw some1 named humbled?
shoot the damn dog like old yeller, problem solved.
I can relate. Just found Tahitian Treat on sale.
40/69 - No more meetings today, I think I can..."Papa was a rodeo, momma was a rock and roll band..."
TONIGHT - UV Friday & NIGHT LIGHTS with Special Guest DJ's Sinseven, Curtis Dirt, Xavier & Morningstar along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
Got a game in ay few but at dennys grubbin
enough to make up for the extra stinkbugs, which are already invading my house? I'm not convinced.
Thx for the RT on our Headline 101 post, Wade. Just followed you and like your work. Cynthia
Operations=Systems=Efficiency
Mia and dallas are huge markets, coincidence they were in the finals?
"dam" that sounds sweet. Are you having any "dam" problems?
From my view there are some great Harley Davidson motocycles parked in the front of the Ace Hotel in NYC
good run and , gl 2 2morrow..... tame that horsy
Josh graces us with his presence?!!
I had an armadillo when I was a kid.
uh that does not sound good!! :)
way too hot today ._.
Off for a run with Baloo. It's cold but I am not going to think about..until it's blowing at my face. But then I will already be out there!
Baxter Break the problem down to it's smallest bits & components, reassemble it to something that benefits credit union & members
Reading up on the history of music can be very interesting! And here we are now! ;)
I love Family
Well I want to do a small run of the first year of Jayce's "Sex Drugs" column. 52 blogs, 5 exclusive, photos, & cover
A woman was shot to death just two blocks from my school today.
Beware the Ides of March.
“: My 10 year old cousin just yelled #turnup at the resteraunt. Ive never laughed harder” would be proud.
I'm managing that campaign. It's hard work but somebody's gotta do it.
So I made an appt with the authorized repairman presumably to replace the DEFECTIVE capacitors on my 46" SAMSUNG tv. The cost to me:$200-300
We should have a way of telling people their breath stinks without hurting their feelings like: “Well I’m bored, let’s go brush our teeth.
Lovin today's weather! Makes me wanna shop for a FaBuLoUs spring wardrobe.i think i shall revist my favorite stress reliever soon!
Yeah it was an awesome show. Try to catch the encore now if you're gonna be up
Get all of those textbooks ordered. Classes begin Monday!
Getting ready to party tomorrow night - everyone have a tasty NYE! Stay safe!
A big congratulations to on you outstanding #crowdfunding success
First rule of Waffle Club is you should talk to literally everyone about Waffle Club.
yup! we have a couple dishes with red bell peppers. love bell peppers!
bro they didnt even put the finale online :/ wtf
RT : Live happier.. Stop treating everything as a life or death matter... It makes you die far 2 many times
HOOK UP
#artsummit Why is it that it's much harder to to hurt someone when you know their story?
I want October 15th to get here fast, because that's the day i'm getting my belly button pierced!
Protesting lack of pension benefits. Not sure which clubs...and sorry that I missed you in Atlanta! R U coming back?
yes, I'm familiar with the Flat Classroom project. excited to hear about your experience with it.
Will call opens at 6 at the Warner. Have a blast! :)
Ah ah ah ahh ima buy a 2005 jeep grand Cherokee Laredo
Here we go Bruins! **grabs beer from dog**
I'm chemistry. Mr.Dehn is funny.
I need a phone number for FOIS customer service. I'm in Indiana, have FIOSTV, but have billing issue. Been transferred 4x 2day
Check out our new website, www.philsfriends.org!
“: What are people doing tonight” watching the Grammy's! You should be getting yours soon!
let me in so i can take osh's $
Going to the mall today!!:)
Funny RT : Now at Penn Law 3400 Chestnut
Have a great 1st day, Badgers
I don't need a new #Truth - All I #need is #more of You!
Just volunteered to perform during Thanksgiving dinner at the Nashville Union Rescue Mission! Yay!
No one in my apt likes that I'm blasting drake over my dead body right now
LOVE when you're on Come back more!!!
Having lunch at So Cal Burger's M
nice looking start up. Look forward to seeing what you guys accomplish in the near future.
#dhtrial plan says jurors having trouble deliberating is unusual this early. Judge instructed to keep going.
Shane Douglas: Poor man's Jeff Jarrett.
any word on when your brother is coming back?
“: Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up because they're looking for ideas ~Paula Poundstone”
u gone b on my team bra lol
Crashing bigtime. Went to bed at 11 pm, A was in bed with us at 1:30 am, and W was up at 4 am. Need sleep ... little else seems to matter!
obv MN Bride should do a 10-page feature on the lovely couple.
“It's hard to beat a person who never gives up.” ― George Herman Ruth
Henry: so a family is when a boy and a girl get married and have kids? Me: yup. Henry: Thanks for that business, you guys. Good job.
Can someone please explain to me why Coentrão was preferred to Marcelo tonight?
Good job on the penalty kill
interview: Question: "What's your biggest turnoff (in a woman)?" Answer: "When they tell you their name"
he is stayin' in Cleveland
alright alright :p just gettin the apt set up ..what you up to?
haha kinda took the words right out of my mouth. Well said lol. messed but hopefully we'll get
she deserves a call :)
Guessing they don't sing very well.
Going to get lunch while I figure out how to make things worse for my characters.
the jailbreak done fucked up my phone!
Bon Appetit: 7 Ways To Save Money On Home Cooking
I got what you need.
People are coughing on the train, shall I put them down
Off to sleep. Night ^_^
“: I can't quit you, Bacon.”
sucks for you :)
what's up
let me know but past images destroy my mind images come to mind from a song a smell or color my mind is filled with hopes that i wish would
Va-voom! RT : Ever wake up to the idea that you're playing it safe & boring as hell? Me, too. Let's get shiny & fix this shit.
I just bought my ticket for the He is We concert!! :)
thank you xoxo
Had an amazing dream last night
but, SHE doesn't care, NOU! SHE doesn't care
just finished watching the new episode of the game..Now Im about to take my carmel behind to bed. GoodNight.
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: Sony Vaio VGN-FW590 DC Jack Replacement
my dream conference's theme would be "STEP UP"--how to make impact & take charge. allow people to own their strength & take action
Ed Di has 1 good game and now thinks he steers ship. Don't expect to see him much this week.
Management= How to climb the ladder, ensuring the ladder is being climbed. Leadership= What wall to put the ladder on.
nice to know! Hope I get the same reaction
have a good feeling he'll keep the streak alive
oh they are. As they were leaving ice after 2nd too. Along with Die Torres & Smith sucks
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things
Cabins from $150, January Special is going to run until Feb 9th. Stay 2 nights and save up to $230!
i keep a lot of shit to myself, because in reality nobody really gives a f*ck.
only a few more minutes!
You are amazing! #Blissdom mamas are behind you all the way!
:) I definitely couldn't afford to go without him. But it'll double as a 'summer vacation'
please provide facts of what jobs its destroying, not just a placating political statement.
i can't stop listening to My Chemical Romance today....it all started when i woke up with vampire money playing in my head...
Are you modelling yourself on Calhoun or Jackson? Do we need to get a Force Act ready?
A true friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out and one who knows us, but loves us anyway. ♥
A smile is a curve that sets things straight!
You ladies need to come jam w/ us at 6pm FPL Stage.
Thank you kindly, Sir Ross. :)
It used to be better. I've gotta go with Duc's.
HURRY UP AND SHOW THE VIDEO FOR BOYFRIEND <3 <3
Do you see the life I bleed? So follow me into the sun, and I will bleed the poisons dry, for you
got it
in white person law if you meet someone at 80s night and go to brunch the next day you are automatically in a relationship. No exceptions
Enjoyed last ep n am quite sure this one will be even better!
I usually try to abide by traffic laws, but there was NO WAY that I was getting passed by a pontiac aztek this morning.
To help save the Center for Black Music Research pls. send email to w/ 'CBMR' as the subject.
|#quotes You cannot build character and courage by taking away a man's initiative and independence.
thanks, and belatedly to you!
So sad that I missed packing out it would have been great to get a reunion
Well now I have a date with running the hell outta myself ! 3wks to get bk to competition ready looking me!
“: Who are you? Why did you follow me?” In a battle between good and evil, you seem reliable
not with you on this on Wrench. Go Badgers
The kid on my left turns to me and says "Hey, do you know if Matt Waxman is at table 1?" I reply "I don't think so." then outs me.
Dooooooodz... I am unfollowing you for three reasons: 1. It's "clubbing", 2. Your tweets make no sense, 3. I'm in a shitty mood.
is rehearsing at Hot Yoga for Entwine tonight.
Lmao I love how I'm so care free about things right now.
is this a men only place?
The hardest years in life are those between ten and seventy - Helen Hayes (at 73)
Higher Ed Evangelist, is here!
Occupy protesters: Stop tagging everything in Baltimore with "Occupy". It's uglifying a city that's trying to de-uglify itself.
Almond Joy is the Ireland of candy bars.
i love you also!
you have a boyfriend wow your gross and fat you cunt
cant even imagine what and company's full reg up is going to cost today
It's definitely a shocking and amazing surprise (and definitely an honor) that is following me. (:
You wanna make a Yaz record.
smh i don't even be on twitter like that
#Love can appear in the worst of times.. Don't FOOL yourSELF into thinking it's not "the right time"..... #Love KNOWS what it's doing. ;)
~Good night Kirstie!! Love to you!!!!
Things are about to get NUTTY at #CoachellaLive!
Thanks :) We are glad you like it!
One word describes what I feel.. Love
RT : "Ask yourself: 'Can I give more?'. The answer is usually: 'Yes'." -Paul Tergat, Kenyan professional marathoner
<----What #coverart would you put on this shirt? #StreetTeam Apparel and #Mixtape Promotion done different! B Unique
Stryve Member's, join our webcast on "Understanding and Influencing Customer Behavior" featuring Frank Capek at 10:00am CT!
Jodie Foster better start responding to some of my 100+ handwritten letters or I'll shoot her pimp.
good luck
yea i hav to go i will txt u later :) bye friend*
yea I understand that
Thinking of my gramps and all the other veterans today. Thanks for your service and sacrifices.
Got cookie bouquet for mom signed "Love, Fatty" as that is moms nickname for me.Clerk said it was "offensive"She doesn't understand our love
#iamblessed to have stuck the fat prof in fato profugus.
#NFLfootball what a great way to start out the year :)
needs too make more songs now and not about girls !
if you can have a big rock and have a man as your rock vice versa >>>>
Finally get to go home to the wife!
Oh, you a pornstar huh?...where's ya porn-set....Motel 6???
I'll have another.
Met the cutest guy ever at the competition c; Shockingly, I wasnt shy at all c:
haha okay what time though cuz I'm not home at the moment
Lurked my own tweets from 2 weeks ago, amazing the things I tweet under the influence, thank god a certain someone is in fact
follow me homie am gotta huge record I want u to check out
Today's the big day! 1st music vid shoot for the new record!! gonna be a super long day, but when I wake up tomorrow my vid will be done
why thank you.
Everything is
Dnt no bitch put fear in my heart
PLAY IT ON LOOP ALL MORNING!!!!
good to have you back!
rt "I suppose #leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people." ~ Mahatma Gandhi
How is this organized and coordinated? and what are appropriate new roles?
Goal!!! All Chicago teams win tonight!
Shout out to my lil sis at DSU eating Fruity Pebbles for dinner! ROTFLMAO sorry sweetie i love you anyway
When our friends at get to 500 followers, we'll give away a cool sports prize. Follow them today!
time to color easter eggs with the sisters. lets not "magically" turn the dog green this year.
It's snowing.... very random because it barely snowed all winter!!
my birthday suit! :D
"Hello, that was a stop sign!"..... "I totally paused."
your welcome!! ☺👍
one of my favorite reads this year. Keep up the good picks (you haven't stopped for decades)
I hate moral victories! Whose momma came up with that one?
So a "hung jury" is a bunch of black dudes right?
The woman said there were 13 puppies but they kept the one that looked more like the husky :< sadfaaace. One looked like a
Good Morning! We have been baking all am to make fresh cupcakes! Come by and pick some up!
thanks, I'm already a co-sponsor!
Happy Valentines Day To all little monsters around the world
LMBO Are you sure?
That being said, I am still going to get a pint of Schweddy Balls.
Good times 😪 RT : #WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter it was awesome cause no one I knew had one...
it's been suggested
a keyboard works both ways cutie
Talking about India Ink...
Can you teach my BF that? RT : Teaching GF importance of FIFO and cleaning as you go with cooking
When a real man fights, the real man walks away, the other man is air lifted to the ER
thank u =)
My uncle told me to walk to the biggest guy&say"ur on my fuckin barstool"&head butt them.I'm shots deep so I guess lets do the damn thing
#4famouswords Is SEXY
Where have you been?! knows what up! Cause I've been looking every where!
's CEO at #Connections2012. The "Railroad Renaissance" driven by many factors in our economy, such as growth, gas prices.
I just had to move my meeting by half-an-hour. Every thing is ruined forever! cc
I learned nt to judge woman by the shit tht she wear, so therefore dnt judge a nigga by the shit tht u hear. -j.cole
Spotted: #slskey note speaker in the SIS Atrium
no sorry anna
Giving away a cookbook that is all about Cheese and seasonings on twitter
Fml! I wanna go home and sleep!
Man it's hot smh
yea I think he said he's waiting till he's known so it's worth the money to book venues through US. Hopefully people love him
come on #HP Deskjet... please reinstall my driver and work already!
Special tribute to our good friend, Heather Pick this morning..ee what a local business is doing to honor her legacy, this morning on 10TV.
so i've been listening to #christmas music since shortly after thanksgiving, think i'm tired of it yet? lol think again!!
Shut Up...LbVVVs
Computer trying to upload 39-- yes, THIRTY NINE-- windows updates. Oh, yeah, shut it down. Now I'm off to
You've got two more hours to get out to and get a delicious sample!
What is the best part of your day?
This just means trouble.. I know you guys aren't going to complain!! Haha oh shoot, Summer 2k12 #unleashed &
#BigTimeSecret Bluey Robinson is extremely talented! Shhhhhh it's a secret ;)
i lost my walit
I Dnt Want Relations Just One Nite .!!
GOAL! Jordan MacDonald with a laser from the slot on the breakaway and Oakland now leads 4-2! 13:26 left in the third
You are probably going to have to give a demo, Evie! ;)
who had carter?
Charlotte voted against
Yay theres some snow we just need 2 or 3 more inches and then there is no school
Final #ff and this one all on it's own. Just over 2 weeks until the WI Recall election. Support the next Gov. of Wisconsin -
DJ Mysterion is in the building!
Who was your favorite last year?
Feels so nice to have him, hoping it will last.
I love you <3 I sang fire work really loud on the 4th of July after the fire works <3
We're working on a bunch of new dates for this summer! Where do you want to see us play?
I went to London last year. The Nightlife is awesome in London ...and the Underground too ... no need to drink & drive
You have 127 followers Here’s more about them.
I sent you an email about filming in your conference room soon. Did you get it by chance? :)
Today is Shop Small Business Saturday. Buying a fun game like my GOLPH game would be a great way to support small business...only $5! :)
please tell me your not leaving?
Tonight 6pm LA time. Live SINGLE CHEF Spaghetti & Meatballs. Fast & furious live cooking done simply 4 U!! www.theroomlive.com Best! Matt
Looking forward to seeing you this evening!
Then this afternoon she would go fill up my car while I was at Gail's trying on dresses for her photo shoot Thursday.
I want a pet #owl (:
I learned before MPLP debuted. I learned by working side by side with another archivist at my 1st internship.
ever coming to Maine?!
Camilla got them hands
Need something to do with friends tonight? SICK BOTTLE special available :) Just RT or Message us and let's party tonight!
my rocks are sexy. Tell jo mom I said hi ;)
Humbled! Thanks 4 the follow
rt RAWartistsLA: Our April showcase, Menagerie, is happening tomorrow! Be there and watch local band Corwin Tirado and Stee
I'm rain, hail, sleet, snow man slang ...... Get it man
Way to live dangerously :-)
bam...right here!!!! Oh wait couple means 2....scratch that.
Have you seen the terrible Anonymous yet? Friend and I went to a free screening & it is a terrible movie on top of it all.
I'll stay up with you lover;)
oh! What are you going to do with it?!?
happiest birthday, beautiful lady!! 🎉🎈🎁🎈🎉
JUSTIN BIEBER FOR PRESIDENT?
Sure thing.
OK, well perhaps I'll be up to Montreal before you guys depart.
So who's ready to party tomorrow?!?!
the hell
RT : Sometimes you have to stop waiting & just decide. You can't wait around forever for others to make that decision for you.
It's dark outside
It's been a long wait, but the first official Amor Fati Trailer will be out on Friday August 26th!!!
This will be a big ? MT : I'm curious if #JuniorSeau's suicide had anything to do with the brain injury rates for athletes.
RT : Tyler Perry just gave an awesome speech
Yes indeed.
two moe classes in this shit hole
What's life when you aint living and what's living if it aint life
"step by step, one by one, higher and higher" ps don't forget "Forest for the trees" from the same album. Great msg.
is physically preparing for Farsi class = Quesadilla - and mentally = trying to remember some vocabulary...akheee
There go your garbage Knicks. I would like to have my $8 tomorrow
I could quite possibly be 100% down.... RT : road trip this weekend?!?!
Give blood today..the best gift "from the heart" that can save a life.
Oh my, that's really good editing ! haha I'm trying to get my hair that color :) & awh thanks!! :D
You're welcome. Great use of Storify!
Congrats to on ur 20th anniv of preparing #women for work! The May 10th luncheon shld be great!
I can't be around you if you're not in on the cosmic joke. (cc: )
Anyone besides myself hate Sundays? O.o Anyone? :P
8 year old kid calling out ice cream truck driver on ridiculous price!
Every bitch ain't bad. Every dude ain't swagged.
Can't wait for summer b-ball I feel the future is bright, altho there is still a lot of work2b done. Over 30 games this summer.
The winning ticket was bought in Baltimore county. Hm... have I told you all how much I love you lately??
Im sad cause i cant watch ustream cause im at school
yeaa I thought you only played qb tho now you classified as an athlete #whhatt?
Search #crackingthecode on twitter to join ‘s discussion!
Did you find an umbrella? Go LBG, !
Taylor Mak es Us Fearless <3 Always has and always will :D <3
thanks for the shout out :)
Wow. Really? Wtf..
clueless?? Why the stripes, and is there a certain color theme?
I still believe!
So if enough of us say we hate Greg Miller, will you fire him?
how about Murray's coach? How about Boeheim? Same record with less talent.
lol! I can totally relate.
Im so Starvy lol one more hour until class is over and i can get something to eat
And The day came when the risk it took to remain tightly closed in a bud was more painful then the risk it took to bloom...
Mexican food is healthy! Try the fit-hit bowl, 10 grams of fiber, yum!
so in addition to reading articles and developing instruct. scenario, I have to acquaint myself w/sound of music? Ha! Nvr seen it
This Valpo vs. Detroit game is pretty intense. Very entertaining, Detroit has some ballers too
Thanks for making it out to see the Bros!! RT : The Flying Karamazov Brothers at was juggle-rific!
I should get some sleep
My summer love is never coming! :'(
So tired but I can't shut off my thoughts....my mind is racing all over the place
This is not OK - we need to change this Indiana RT : #Denver, here I come! #Indiana is not a place to advance
Powers out ...
Getting compared to pros on my Solo tonight >>>>
Sometimes RT : You know that I'll always be there, maybe that's why you don't care
God fucking damn, can someone get this bitch a shot or a refill?!
"A verbal storm of fury meaning nothing. I think I read that in a history book somewhere." --Bobby Knight, not a Shakespeare scholar.
Don't forget tomorrow is the last of the season Carmel Farmers Market. Looks to be sunny :)
need some fashion inspiration? go check out Chictopia cuz they have TONS of ideas!! =D
Fuck you and your feelings hoe!
lol not really...I have more than enough right now I just want it a lil lower
My roommate has been back in the room for 12 minutes... Tweets: 4 Sentences spoken: prolly less than 4
Just watching 1978superman, its amazing how Margot Kidder from 1978 superman movie looks so much like courteney Cox today, WOW!
Ok, I admit it, even the danskos aren't cutting it, my feet are killing me! Looking forward to a few days break!
Agree RT : I'm not at IU fan, but something just feels right about #Indiana being back in the Sweet 16.
Moonwalking zebra. #AGT is simply the best show on broadcast tv.
c'monnnnnn tay! it will be fun!
i'll let u know how it goes..LOL...was good...went to book fair and picked up some interesting books, actually relaxed a while..u?
Did 3 sets of 2:00 jerks (doubles) and 1:00 each hand snatches on the 24kg #kettlebells today. Tough but felt great!
Happy Halloween from Reno's Best CPA. Have a fun and safe day!
Hmm... the #Browns play the Steelers at home Thxgiving weekend... need to talk to my brother!!
#SO to my roommate for singing LOUDLY in the shower
I get jealous really easily.
Very happy to be partnered again w for the 4/23 reading. Come listen to & read & Bash Doran
i think i want to explore boxing or some sort of hand to hand combat. RT: I want to hit people on a weekly basis also! miss it!
#linernotes is real saucey tonight!!! Good times!!
thank you(:
Ooh! Are they boxes of blue? MT So maybe I have 2 pages of my Yves Klein inspired comic done...
Dentist on a friday = the worst!
#TurnToYou is such a cute song <3 love you Justin :* is proud ! (:
nice. I took lessons years ago. I never regretted it.
Need a Business Attorney in Los Angeles? Contact Attorney Amy Cohen today: (661) 414-7110
thanks :-) I don't see any pics of you guys, just cute kids lol and zebra ass lol unless you're zebras... lmao ;)
#Wordsineverwanttohear "I hate you"
in the fall, a way smaller one
Currently uploading 897 photos from our Birthright/Israel trip.. Get ready people
expand your mind
The search for a new Provost is an important one. Thankfully, our search led us to Dr. Homan.He’s nationally respected.
we can dance on the riverboat!stroll down River St.,play footsies with my halter print dress w/ garter underneath,& make amore' or friende'
Feel That Happy Feeling....
SAPSounds Vid done. Waiting for client feedback. Release tonight. STOKED.
lol i'm jk. love ya sexy ;)
Will be tonight,come check us out! ,,,,, and more!
that's the best thing to hear.
Yes, as others have said -- straight to Fox News.
I Hope Duke Lose Tonight.
Let's go!
Should've played Lacrosse this year, looks fun
please do my a huge favor & wish my bestfriend happy birthday ?? Xx
AoM, best site ever! Keep up the great work!
Those little infield hits are always a killer. You can't play defense against those!
The Eisenbergs Handbook of Skits and Stunts
At risk of cliche: Holy Mother of God, Colorado is unnervingly flat.
Your welcome :)
Father daughter dance..
Negative. Bandwidth is too low and it'd be impossible. Thx anyways.
Understood. Was thinking more about FSG's stated structure. I have to stop thinking like an NFL fan.
i'm on my way.
Haha!! Got ya. That'd get too messy over our TL. And you're very welcome!
BUT HOLY WOW! Congrats on the new gig! Starting off 2012 in style! Cheers!
"Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom."
Did your "A Dodo at Oxford" come yet? I had great fun with that one!
Wonderful colors and energy, nice!
Yeah it does kind of feel like summa
you're in brooklyn??!
Speakin of how the fuck did he let that BET show steal his name??
Not just u. tech moment @ #Cwcon online--clearing caches and re-setting crons
I used to be a nun, but I got expelled because of my dirty habits.
I bet you sound great! RT : Thank god for the backup vocals amaziingg app I almost forget how horrible of a singer I am
Happy Monday everyone! Hope your weekend was amazing!
If you haven't already please take a moment to download the latest Crowdmug update for iOS. We think it'll bring a smile to your face. :)
have you heard about 's plans to showcase performance and visual art by #WMU students at May's Art Hop? Go Broncos.
Road trip to Glendale w/ the kiddies. Going 2 Barnes & Noble 2 pick up a copy of Revolutionary Suicide.
VonChurch is currently seeking a Server Programmer, Java Server Programmer, and Database Programmer for a studio in Vegas
no problem
Just tried the duck pancetta sandwich with taleggio, honey and sriracha from It was unreasonably delicious. Thank you Song!
you should direct this tweet to She's the one looking for a good Thanksgiving spot in NYC ;)
Lol! That's wassup! Real love my dear!
Between the drugs & extramarital sex, #Colombia sounds a lot like a Kennedy touch-football game circa 1962.
RT I am excited for #HBO's GIRLS. Like dying but really, no one of color, not even a sorta ethnic girl. That kind bums me out.
Ugh. When your favorite pen runs out of ink. :(
Do something today and dedicate it to someone you love. This is in memory of my cousin Ray.
The Grizz on a flash run. Time to get the starters back in. Great game. Who do you have winning?
Less than 30 days until Record Store Day!
i Love your new avi
Oh man. I am semi-excited.
Kids at my school: I like to smoke weed and get high. Me: I like to stare at Austin mahone via my computer screen.
Damn! What a sunset!
Aaron best friday fish fry in green bay? Bringing friends from D.C. to New Orleans game.
I will def join. Tonight was a "get home and collapse" kind of day. Sorry!
NATO SecGen reiterates nothing has changed - withdrawal by end of 2014 set still end date - but transfers will occur throughout 2013
I saw on TV when Kris burped in your face... that's what 14 year olds do.
Reagan High School IB Gallery Night May 4th. Artwork, Music, Film. Also showing "Voices of the Young" w/Paul Calhoun. 4965 S 20th St. 5-8 pm
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
Some nice small roles in Five-Year Engagement (Alison Brie, Jacki Weaver), but overall a ho-hum rom-com.
Hello Dallas! #alamw12 bring it
haha me too and it's so funny haha (;
“: Best Friends are the ones who are there: whenever; wherever; however and most importantly: forever.”
where's you go?
already did
haha oh my gosh, we can do this bri! this could work!
I'm not saying he's bad, just think Clint brings more to the table at the moment
I'm only messing with you. lmao
Wa, broken link. I want to see the firemenzzz.
The water heater went out sometime yesterday. So either it's cold showers from now on or buying a new water heater. I'm debating.
Happy 122nd Birthday to Charlie Chaplin!
Thanks to everyone that came to the reception last night, we had a great time. Happy resurrection day! God bless
What do and I have in common other than being awesome? A: 4.0 semester! Congrats little!!!
In one of its creepier scenes, NIGHTMARE ALLEY's sideshow freaks play poker with a Tarot deck atop a ventilated box whirring with snakes.
btw. I should have live-tweeted this lecture! Forget football! (I'll still do that tho!)
Thanks to everyone from the #bbn for the support tonight. What an exciting win. Come catch us again tomorrow night for the rematch!
i love you <3 rt ": When me and lay on my bed and just talk to each other about stuff. <3"
If I am a WNBA GM, how do u not draft Khloe Kardashian? Size, Speed, and Athleticism! LamarOdom would agree but he is currently crying# WNBA
Coming up to my 550th tweet! Who wants it? (:
Woow.. Never thought I would be the girl that thought she wasn't pretty.. :/
Sign our guestbooks creeps!
Stupid medicine is making me drouzy I can't even see straight xD must finish hw asdkasldad
nice. :D
#top10Lies I don't like that kinky stuff.
Do you have any unused logos from an old project? Just enter those logos into our logo market for a chance to make money!
Am hoping to see Bill blog more about #crowdfunding this weekend. No pressure !
Wow! Powerful art. Honored to be included. Will spread the word, will play sound track on our radio show tmrrw
if i treated you the way you treat me , you wouldnt be around much longer .
Have you watched Skins? What do you think?
our C team coach Dave McIntosh applied. He was boys JV at Prairie a few years back. Good coach
When power leads man toward arrogance, poetry reminds him of his limitations. When power narrows the area of man's concern, poet
K tweet but don't text me....
thank you!!! It's on iTunes
great meeting you at the #tweetup!!!
An analogy to public-key encryption is that of a locked mail box with a mail slot
Thanks for the follow! Following back
Things I miss at home; my roomie, me ebay bday gifties, my super bitch cat and love Angel, taco/burrito trucks, the Hollywood Hills
haha. of course you did. ;)
!video cam shuffle at aaron.tv !its not creepy o_o
RT “: BIG Shout out to #USFBasketball”
“: we'll have to make a dope video for my car.” word
Hi New Followers! *waves*
Thanks! RT : My Highlights of 2011
Sorry for the spamming. Hoping I just remedied it.
Awww the babies. Doing good. No dumpster diving or squirrel attacks this morning.
Kobe couldn't complete the comeback, despite back-to-back-to-back 3's. Only seen one man complete the 3PT-barrage comeback:
My pleasure, Mahesh. ()
I'm so damn irritated...
Save 20% on all Canyon Group chenille robes! Enter coupon code tweet20 during checkout! This offer is for orders placed today only!
You're forgiven :-)
Do cold cuts need a frozen bandage?
currently on the phone with nan... Can I call you after?
Nothing to tweet about
“: Rick Perry Comm. Director: He is a real human being, he's not a robot... he speaks from the heart.” he doesn't speak from The brain?
Always wonder story when person has 2 cell phones. Dealing drugs, hiding lover from partner, or taking advantage of competing rate plans?
Maria & Derek's KISS WAS HOT!
Morning and happy turkey day to you too! Enjoy.
Working on the cd tonight! Got 12 new grooves to write to. Can't wait!
Don't try and defined me...when really you don't know me!
Talking about the past, because of how much you love it.
a tasty fooventure?
Plow man came. Free at last. Free at last. We're supposed get another foot tonight, but I can handle that, as long as the power stays on...
u better eat something to pass out!
I get back rubs all that shit. Thats why i be so damn chill.
We should have the freedom in a residency to experiment freely, right? And in this case, very publicly! :) P.S. Lemme know if u has annoyed.
C.C. Pick up that guitar and talk to me.
#HappyBirthdayKidrauhl luved his music then and i luv it now
I miss a lot of things..
NEED to see you today... Let's make it happen!
On a total downer, someone text me?
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.... Damn song can't go a day without listening to it.. Why must it be so good???
Question: What makes you happy.
yes definitely 💙
Final exam at USGA/PGA Rules School. Show time.
idgaf its thursday
Thanks for the props on our omelettes and hash browns--- we love serving them up!
Wearing my onesie all around Katy.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't just a little worried. I'm sure all of the players are well aware RSL is a quality side, but
Today is the coldest average day of the year in Milwaukee. A good time to focus on looking for the positives in what cold can bring!
Nope. You should come to a sies de mayo party with me. And awesome crew people.
Thanks julie!! Make sure to watch for our tweets :)
When someone that you miss, Tells you that they miss you. >>>>
When you are admitted to the hospital, the default should be a chair, not a bed. You only get a bed if you are really, really sick.
wonders why it takes AT&T sofa-king long to troubleshoot a land line?!
Thanks for sharing with the men of , my dad had a great time.
Today's happiest Twitter moment is seeing #WifeSwapAu as Sydney's highest trending topic ...
Why didnt you tell me you were having a party in columbus?? I could have brought cake!
make sure to check out all 5 of our music videos at www.silverproductionsmv.com !
Professor Kuhn's new book "Shostakovich in Dialogue" is now available at the Music Library.
Another day in the books. One day closer to summer
Going to z-Hall
I am in our garden hotel next to Rachel McAdams.. She is really really pretty in person too peeps.. I am now a weird stalker..lol
omigosh!! LUCKY!! Take a good pic of him please
New motto: "Whatcha Gonna Queue?: Better Than FilmPulse."
based on description, I kinda want to read that gay narratives + questionaires + recipes one by ur student, is it good??
please send cheddar bread to NYC immediately. Thank you! :)
Windy day for golf but fuck it I'm in.
I must've missed it. I never watch the pre All-Star crap.
How do you feel about overpuncuation???? Alumni emails from Depaul coming with lots of enthusiasm these days!!!!!!!
At Rodeo Houston!
Lol happy friday aaron :)
end of summer = me gone far far away.
can't find ur number that's y I said call me I never saved ur number cuz of the BD problem remember what happened
Good times on Episode 326! Many thanks to our guests! 98.9 The Buzz.
and us all want you stay longer for episode 1
"He's a strong Black-Dragon" I hope someone says that about me one day.
When these things happen, we have to get it right the 2nd time, too. Takes a while to report, write, edit.
On my way to get my hair done :)
nice meeting you yesterday.I like what your doing and I cant wait to try your food!
Bagpipes in the streets!
sounds interesting. want to email me and try to connect tomorrow?
few pple understand just how many seniors rely on #Medicaid for longterm care.
i close my eyes and all i see is you! follow back? C;♥
Heading to the theater to see Coriolanus
I dnt wanna try too hard but I dnt wanna lose him
Amusing that on the 2 year anniversary of Citizen's United, I see constant political ads.
I must say, Lorii, you are absolutely legggitt ;)
Watching ELI webinar: ePortfolio research ("Seeking Evidence for Impact" go.osu.edu/ePr ) as I multi-task on 2 other screens & eat.
carolina my help ask your friends to follow me please thank you for attention
Went to bestbuy to see if I could find something interesting. After checking out the Motorola Xoom, I want an iPad.
Pieces in place
Got my eyes open 2day. Been passing judgement. I'm no 1 to do that. Every1 is entitled an option but once it makes u judge, ur just as bad.
Beastie Boys blasting at HQ. I'm liking Boulder!
Houseboat operators plead for greywater help - ABC Local
IKR....I gotta get you out of the zoo more often
yeah, bro. super fun. glad it worked out.
The past is never dead. It's not even past. ~ William Faulkner
Good luck today big guy
#AlexandriaVa City Council candidate forum Thurs at Cora Kelly, 6:30 pm, discussing "issues important to working people."
Oh, it is. But live & learn.
I tell you what you wana hear. What's really goin on is what you don't wana hear.
Sorry , here at the Battle of the Sexes!
please follow me!! Your so awesome!! It would make my day!
I have feveerrr!!!
spending a full hour on twitter stalking other people's tweets xD
Oh dang..well at least you've gotta phone now :)
When a guy in another choir looks like him....
I asked my Uncle if he was getting better and he texted back "no a lot worse" I started crying. Why can't they find out what's wrong?!
don't ya' need someone to do that first? It's not like hiring a yard man.
yeah, I just stole the definition for pastry icing off wikipedia. That should fire someone up
Thank for RT'ing the robin's nest and warbler photos Scott. I had a wonderful time at The Biggest Week. Sort of sad to be back.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
heard that you freak you better off with me
yes - such a pleasure! Hit me up anytime :)
just marc, but i aint there yet so idk who up there tho
GO TO SLEEP.
That's the dagger
i need to jump on that game of thrones band wagon
hahaha I knew I liked you!!!
On our way to to see 's acoustic preshow before tonight's concert- going to be a great night!
Drive was a total disappointment.
Um lets just go back...after our trip to Memphis of course!
I automatically panick when I don't feel my phone in my pocket !
Don't fight Don't hide Those stars in your eyes Let 'em shine tonight Let 'em shine tonight
About half of my followers are bots/fake - can someone remind me again why Twitter is so great?
Basher: it's your show.
Some may call today National High Five Day, others call it Don't Touch Me Day
There are 'gems' (read: chunks of Ruby code) that can bring in pieces of functionality developed separately from blacklight.
Actually I been sucking on halls on day for my throat and my tongues red.
Decoding Premenstrual Syndrome | Anima
i need glasses! RT for that good ol' follow
If I go with Pollan's eat until 80% full, then I lose money at the Great Dane brunch!
SO TRUE MRS BOSH
im always a troll. always.
Thanks, ! That's the feeling we want to convey! If interested, I'd love for you to take part in a survey we're conducting.
are live this Friday Night at the Rose Bowl in Tulsa, Oklahoma! Come out and join us!
Busy travel season ahead! #AHRD2012, Eastern Econ, Public Choice Society and #ASPA2012. Let us know if you will be at any of those meetings!
If you could assign one short story in an American History class, what would it be? It should be historically significant.
RB, he will be 18 on monday.
... Oh lol I like English better than French but that's just me.
Decided to have a birthday WEEKEND instead of a day! Happy birthday WEEKEND to me! lol
Good Morning, now that was the best sleep I had in a long time. What up #PackerNation. Blessings to all my followers.
I'll send you yours later!! :-)
didn't mean to offend you and your love for horrible vegetables ..those are vegetables right ? ?
-- I think I just downloaded it :)
date night tonight<3
I just choked on a muffin...
Come travel with us! #seetheworld We <3 movement. It is our life!
Thanks for staying waterproof my friends
Attitudes are the forerunners of conditions. -Eric Butterworth
Thanks for asking! ;-)
thanks for the #FF (I have one more "t"... No worries!) Have you ever thought of doing a type of #ONE-SHOT project in Latin America?
Never forget that by being supportive you will produce a partner with high self-esteem.
Sat 5/12: Visit any of 35 NYCFTA members & donate to Today & giving 5% of revenue!
I'm so tired of doing this every fucking day
My background pic was taken by ... Of course I could have taken it if I'd chosen to, however, I wanted to give her a chance.
Jefferson is on the take! It's kinda hard to make a million bucks in the Arena Football League...
Yes, that person in the red shirt 5 rows back really stands out.
Just tapped Uinta Hop Notch IPA.
just chillin at this sucky ass after prom. You?
Butt crack sighting
Thanks for the RT.
Should read away RT : Social media should enhance your offline relationships not take way from them.
how? did they meant to call ashmont?
how bout them tix, Softy?
the chef is nasty
Ya it sounds like he's deciding between more money or his heart in Denver. They need to up the $$ offer.
Things I never thought I'd say, "um...you should probably put your labia away". Yep, said this on set today.
Thank you for the link, Donna! You made my day. :-)
damn Soldinger why did you give us the longest article ever written to read -___-
Looken for that
joe bean? Did someone say joe bean?
no I went 2 the country side most of the time then London the rest :)
yes indeed!
but only the future matters
Peace is NOT based on our present situation, but on who or what we trust in. Trust in Jesus for TRUE PEACE!
Half off bottles of #wine at my fav Italian spot. The day gets better and better
A loyal Starwood guest. Trying the aloft brand for the first time.
Did we decide on a place/time tonight? I need to leave by 6:30 to get the doggie at daycare...
follow pleasee <33 i love you goo muchh! good luckk in AC this week
Sunday night arrived too soon!
You better have some flowers in your hand. :p
3/30. The last one of the tour! :)
My partner, , and I are both professional artists. U might like his work too. Look us up when in our area!
I like how everyone in my Twitter timeline quoted the same "Smash" line from tonight's
“: ima wereck” someone's been drinking.
--Lay off Occupy Wall Street! You should have polices that create jobs for other than bankers, and hedge fund mangers.
That's actually the first NYC history book I ever read. Lots of familiar names in posts that might surprise you.
Two days after seeing #PiratesoftheCaribbean, all I can hear still is the soundtrack raging in my ears.
the whole "god bless america" thing during the 7th inning stretch is so annoying. apparently it only started after 9/11. blech.
Simple Computer Repair just fixed my desktop! Great service, legit prices. 702-614-3186
I guess the cobbler's children have to wear shoes. They have to do a little self-promotion. But, I do agree with your...
Makin positive makes!! Just can't lose!!
Thx for being here RT : D. Cohen speaking at #cysummit 17 cities have teams. Including Miami!
this TUESDAY at 8PM! FREE TIX MESSAGE ME!
Yes. “: "Partisan fighting + neg logjam may be calculated 2 make ppl "step away" & not participate in gov. agree?"
We can only dream that will be the case.
I'll leave this one. It's not a red one.
Nah. Maybe like 99 you, but definitely no more.
what kind of lens are you using?
Thanks for the meeting about We will be in touch.
She study dodging me.....
So why is it that over the last week I've seen a boat load of #Kony2012 signs showing up in #Boston again? New hipster surge?
I was just asking no need for attitude .-.
RT : The AC is not working very well at work. I'm on the verge of sweating through my pink button up shirt.
ugh i hate people. i wanna be with him tomorrow.
well Aw shucks on this end too...you are my favorite web technologies writer at Forbes.
of course we do! <3 u know that!!
Could someone with their PHR on an HIE use it to drive automated search/access relevant patient education?
thanks! i read that. that's so aweful!
I think I wanna go out Friday night ...
Candle light bath, beautiful music. Relaxing.
The beer options at Kings games are limited to say the least.
Enjoy your youth. You'll never be younger then you are at this very moment.
If you want your children to improve, let them overhear the nice things you say about them to others. -Haim Ginott
bored. texts would be nice.
Get busy living or get busy dying! which will you choose?
Men reach their sexual peak at eighteen. Women reach theirs at thirty-five. Do you get the feeling that God is playing a practical joke?
lawl bye I'm going to bed anyways
Saw #Jerusalem last night, jawdropper. Mark Rylance = character work rockstar. 15 shows left!
false. the coes were just renting the byrne estate in 1912. they did not buy the place until a few years later
k wishing you luck!! Have fun
Shoutout to ...and for the the FOLLOW! Make sure you FOLLOW them!
So excited for tomorrow!! 🎿
aww man that stink your parents won't let u have it?
it's a great day to be alive.
Advising some of my aggressive clients to open their short lines with a 10 percent toe in the water It is time.
Only 31% of employees are really satisfied with the level of recognition they are receiving from their bosses per SHRM research.
Oh Hey it's snowing
so glad u got it!!! The kids loved your video!
Happy Hanukkah to all my Jewish friends around the world!
who hijacked your twitter?
Daydreaming about my IRELAND trip!!
TY! ♥ I've been listening to it. "Lillie: F-65" is anything but a downer if you ♥ doom! The album cover art is classic, too.
that is great! U need to fill me in on u soon!
check your DMS from me :)
Jesus: "So now I gotta root for the Jets?!"
Today, i am happy! <3
that's fair. If they meet it will be in the final.
Everybody follow he can school you on this HipHop game plus he's a great producer and engineer. Highly recommended.
the world doesn't need anymore Beatles cover bands.
Yes I'm fine. My Dad had a little accident with Janet.
can you help Andre Miller with his hair?
Blessed is the man who trusts in the Lord and has made the Lord his hope and confidence. - Jeremiah 17:7
To Peggy, Don Draper and all the Mad Men cast...bravo,
Just followed you! Nice to meet you!
Hey, Twitter. On Friday I'm giving a workshop on presentation tips for grad students (esp making good use of Prezi). Any resources to rec?
Going to pick out tuxes with and !
If we experienced a real national emergency, many of us would not receive notification. It is 2011. We can do better than just TV alerts.
gotta go against ya tonight my man, Go Caps! The joint is jumpin no doubt!
Is falling asleep
i think your ears aren't working, that's what's wrong with you.
that still counts!
Happy Valentines Day 2 U 2! Miss your series.
right back at ya brother, thanks for coming in and hangin' out...good luck down the road!
SHE GO HARD SHE HOLDING HER OWN IN A GAME FOOL OF NIGGAS #SALUTE BABY
what ru doing talking about diets on twitter? lol
lol I knew u would b heheheh
Using SMS interactivity for Colleges, Universities & Tech schools- TEXT 2LEARN to 59925. Reach the demographc where they are...Mobile.
...oh Golden Compass references, the current bane of my existence at
Some days it is impossible to over use the word seriously in either the interrogatory or exclamatory sense. Seriously!
no shoot i'm always down to bowl. yes i will hit you up when i'm back obvi
Nahh you're looking at it the wrong way- We all have to look at our embarrassing pictures & be GLAD for the transformation! :)
"Never go with a hippie to a second location." ~ Jack Donaghy (S2:E4)
Can't sleep cause I'm thinking about you <3
TIP: Despite the fact that you want to make the most use of your "big"hand.. Winning $100 is better then losing $100..Win when you can.
holy fuck I wish I could just walk around and listen to my music all day. feeling like letting the music narrate what's going on around me.
link isn't working--for me anyway. :(
Memorizing 70 words for science?
I just heard about the Segway Accident guess all nerds cant be smart..
Nothing like a boy to wake you up in the morning
Ask customers for reviews so that your business can improve.
TK as Twins color man: An improvement on Bert, but as irritating as he is informative. Cut the cloying first-name shtick please, Thomas.
... Quick get your book back and rebrand it .... "The Will to Bow down to Manning"I smell an Pulitzer
None taken =)
STEM encourages open-ended exploration, collaboration, problem-solving, decision-making, creativity and innovation.
That feeling you get when your done with an 11 page paper >>>>>
(: it's amazing, it'll be worth the wait
Home from a trip to the grocery store which is an exercise in patience with 2 preteens and a 3 yr old in tow.
Elaine Schwartz-- ABQ Poets against War is now reading an amazing statement calling for attention to people and our environment
Finally back in Detroit <3
Happy Birthday ! <3 \m/
I don't need anymore temporary ppl in my life.
#whenitwascoolto get good grades in school.
It did. Had to send a bunch of messages to let people know.
Turn on (CSpan3) right now to see the History Guys drinking history from a bottle. (burp)
Thanks Spencer!!! I'm in for Mari at noon...might actually get to see you today :)
you. are. ridiculous.
I might make an appearance this weekend, anything going on?
Here we go my peoples. Let's get it in on this Tuesday morning, afternoon, and evening. Have a blessed day.
The most successful collaborations are driven by a visionary.
Got it!!! Awesome vid! Thanks for the s/o! We love a lot of those artists, so we're def in good company! Thanks for sending! :)
I've performed so much magic in the last three weeks that I don't even want to think about the edges of reality for at least 2 hours.
S/O to You officially have the worst customer service in the world.
finished writing his screenplays for Blurred Vision and Schmoe. Hawaii is the production hot spot for 2010. Miami has lots of commercials.
its funny but that shits cool
I am home
the tweets from are very interesting tonight if you haven't seen them
#nowplaying 2pac - All Eyez On Me. I've been listening to his music all day. Never gets old.
honestly not sure how to take that
Dan definitely cast the write Jade. I can't think of anybody else to play Jade in the world Liz is one of a kind. It's her humor the helps.
What better way to celebrate.....live! :)
is probably gonna come visit:)
'OLIVE GARDEN' Normal People: "It's just a restaurant".. Me: "OMFG AUSTIN MAHONE!!"
tell your mom all ICONiacz say Happy Mothers day! Without her you wouldn't be here to inspire me ♥
Everybody just take a second and send my Dad some positive vibes. He could use some good vibes right now.
That's what scares me the most. I'm amazed how much pull the chains have w/ regard to covers, deals, etc.
if you can say something gay and then say "no homo" and that makes it not gay, can I steal shit and say "no theft, bro -- no theft"
id say neither, id like u in ur birthday suit. Or just hold ut hand and just be
Chen has settled down real nice.
“How can I get another copy of my 1099-G? Can the form be faxed or emailed? thanks”
Hope you had a fabulous birthday !!
love our new song!! :) Can't wait to write some more!
"Can you be a douche? I mean a real douche. The kind who makes a woman weep as she dries up." - commercial casting director for Suzuki
Hey thanks. But b/c I've been writing restaurant reviews for the since 2004, I fall under the exception.
Finally got some nice weather! New Pazzo Levers for '09 R1's in stock. Come in and say "Hi". We're here 10-7 M-F and 9-5 Sat. Ride safe!
I wouldn't say "scapegoat," but it's probably correct to think #DharunRavi case was used as an example or cautionary tale.
We've got two shows today: Falling Forward in The Club, and Stick Men in the hall. Come have a good time with us, music is good for you
I'm trying to get one of my friends to go. Don't like traveling down there by mself. If I get to go I will hollar at ya.
Cleaning all day
Its about twenty of my pics that are now profile pics on fb
TSOI-NY is at GANG OF FOUR at Webster Hall. Among the more dapper rock audieces i have run across - not the usual skads. Yeah Gof4!
so are you coming to demo yours? or are you going to do it virtually?
Nothing says "fuck you" like.. um.. fuck you! RT Nothing says "CJ Wilson is a legit ace" like giving up a HR to Alex Avila
Why aren't we comedians? 😝
Thank you for following! Cheers. ~mark
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions.....Im paying Adele && Beyonce to sing at my wedding :-) :-) :-)
I know we do & me either.. we have to restart our game... I lose count haha.
and she'll never be forgotten
I just had this moment staring at the moon outside my window and realized how far away I am from home
#milwaukee Snow is here! What will everyone be doing to enjoy it? I'm thinking an old fashioned sled-a-thon!
This back pain stuff is unrelenting. Maybe the doc should've given me meds!
Off to the LBK
NFL draft today! #letsgetit happy Thursday to everyone.
You're the best, Bill. Thanks!
u already know where 2 pick up custom made and tailored diets that deliver results....
RT is neither too short nor too long. Its simply whatever you choose to make it, moment by moment.
sorry Dee that was an old message that shared. I'll keep u posted on other events though.
Did pick up v. 3 of magazine on the way out.
well, there are many very known artist that do not have a verified account so... i've been replied by those :)
.. I really like that one w/ Diane Sawyer, very smart woman, I akways like her too..
Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions. Albert Einstein
It's only 8 am here tons of things have popped off...
Just started watching ABC's Once Upon a Time and absolutely in love with it. I feel like a kid again.
Is that more or less concerning than pets having their own FB pages?
Ran into the wife of Sonny Melendrez just now. She always gives the best advice. Its a blessing to have that support.
So we should just chalk it up as a turnover every time Mikael Pietrus dribbles more than three times.
Just bought #GirlsLikeUs for my Thanks for the heads up guys!
Lol! Of course!!
Fuck it! I might be taken out of flowing wells :/
#SomeoneIWantToMeet The Boys, all of my followers, and people I follow. LLN :D Yall are great!
Want to cry
words cannot explain how proud i am of everything you have accomplished is such a short period of time <3
unable to store that fat because of the lack of carbs.
“: Or he can look straight up buuussssteddd.......😌”LMFAOOOOO not isa is a bitch not me.
Donna Summer RIP :-( she made me smile and reminded me of my sister, who used to always sing and dance around as a kid. Bye, Disco Queen.
Theballoon, completely enveloped in the vapor, gained a littleincrease of speed, perhaps, and that was all
Adding Jim Nelon's ( alumnus) first book in the "Pursuing a Dream" series to my must read list.
i am tweeting u so u love me yeah
using mums fake tan just because it smells so good
Luxury graphic design. www.michaelcalixtro.com
nice meeting you yesterday. I hope we can get together again soon.
You haven't watched Revenge... just sayin.
#ZodiacFacts #Aries are blessed with ideas to give the entire world a new direction. True story...
Kid enters the library and approaches the circ desk: "Can I come in here and read a book?"
Making fishing date plans with ☺👍🐟☀
A Wise Girl Kisses But Doesn't Love, Listens But Doesn't Believe; & Leaves Before She Is Left
: will tell the story about how as captain of a ship uttered, "Dodos are stupid."
HAH...not you
it's up 2 u to find it
electrical system ground-out!
Heading up to PushPush for final show of LIFE INC.
Steeler Baby can power your mobile devices.
I always think he's at least 35 due to the baldness. He sure as hell doesn't play like it though.
Brahs in shorts just arrived. And they actually all call each other brah. Time to leave.
The homie from Red Bull just stopped by the office to talk shop. Good to catch up! See you tmrw night at yo!
"DEVIL GET UP OFF ME"
Thanks to all who attended the #kickstarter & indie publishing panel today!
I guess this says it all about where David Gregory is! "Meet the Press" should be Meet the GOP.
I hate when you think you've found a really good guy, then you realize he's not who you thought he was.-_-
- where are my seats for said event? Do I have a budget?
why do I need one ..? I still don't get the point of it LOL
Hitting the tanning beds.
"bread is the paper of the food industry. You write your sandwich on it." did you write this coz it's brilliant
- happy to retweet - interesting post
Distributing Girl Scout cookies tonight and tomorrow. Thinking I'll need to do lots of quality control sampling.
Back from working in Malaysia Will be blogging about why Asia will continue to "eat our lunch" Want to hear from other consultants
love to get the details on the position for our students. thanks!
Hey everyone! Today we're covering warped! Hope is having fun!
I can't find u on instagram.. Im justrosystyling
Stop with the crazy talk: Obama wants him dead. And stop exaggerating the influence of the new Black Panthers.
Virgin Islands*
Great bachata practice tonight! I might get to the performance in a decent shape.
80 degrees, St. Patty's Day, NCAA hoops, quiet house and IBL draft, then kegger tonite.
Peavy goes the distance to give the a 4-0 start to their west coast trip
Oh god why am i still laughing at this? xD
Ok getting into the right frame of mind for this Pilates session talk soon :)
Appreciate the nice post re: new lawyer books: "the Curmudgeon's Guide and Swimming Lessons for Baby Sharks are both excellent"
Im soo sleepy right now
Benefit Dinner and Dance for Ayden May 12 North Vernon IN. Been a very tough winter for him. Hope to see you there. (Please Retweet)
“: best move ever since we get to be together now!” Can't wait \m/
Great, how about you?
Mobbing it up fqam hows everything going for ya MOB
what was your time? :)
Lucroy, save some freakin' hits for when it counts! Cripes!
I know it's like really?! That's shallow.
So much for the getting up earlier resolution. Try again tomorrow!
no, too dark. You better believe there's a cartoon version of that moment coming though. ;) What. A. Delight.
#iss2011Columbia spends half million on digitizing their own unique collections. What % is this of budget?
What if Sarah Phillips is all of us?
Gonna have a real good time tonight, guys.
I gotta interview Monday at wholefoods wish me luck!"
God's merciful teeth, how great it is to be alive in the time of dairy products that require no refrigeration...
Haha. Those crazy people.
Boom Chicka RT : Crazy Boom Boom : Boom BOOM in the room
Its kinda cliché but I have "I Should Have Kissed Youu" by Chris Brown in me head :/
FUCK YOU for suspending workers for praying. I will never rent a car from you again. I promise.
hahaha totally! I mean who do they think they are? Knew all along kimberly was hiding summit behind that fakeness
"I'm gay for Gucci Mane" - Nick Glauber
Make sure you head to The Post at Cedar Park from 5-7 for our Budweiser Van Hit! Come say hi and pick up some prizes!
Congrats to on a great round! Awesome tourney!
If U received an email from the State of New York concerning a Traffic Ticket U received 7/2/11 at 7:25am, DON'T OPEN IT - contains MALWARE!
Soothing voices of #Masters broadcasters on par with perfect nap!
happy birthday cant wait to hear the album
Do you think the Stop Online Piracy Act will impact the #translation industry?
I hope so! Fire and Hemlock isn't the easiest read but so rewarding.
Takeover Tuesday tonight! Join ChiIL Productions for 50% off at Mercadito then after-party at #Board Room Chicago.
Had dinner at the Banana Leaf Cafe on Bethel - it was vegetarian and vegan and so delicious! All you can drink Mango juice? Done.
haha. Guess I should have been.
from one taus to another, hang in there brother
At greygroose private party with & free goose all night like my cuz Akini says it is what it is annddddd …Fuego out
What do you guys think of the show so far?
Day three of Decem-beard. The evo-lütion of The Stache. Photos to come. Let's drink to a hairy face!
On the way to rhode island for a show at the university...feels good to be back on the road after a two week thanksgiving break!!
Thank you. I'll gladly give it a shot. :)
Yum, gotta love me some Cuban food
On our way back to #Nashville after an awesome night rockin' The Shed & a kick ass 3 show run in East TN. Thanks to all who came out!
Camden. . .also checked out Belfast last summer :)
I agree but am not worried about the offense. We have a few guys coming back soon who I remember being good.worried about pen.
Going out to the country tonight, should be interesting
Starting today's run with a delivery to the Polynesian...Lets hope the weather will hold out for a nice sunny day for all the park hoppers!
You can't believe how bad the damage from the tornados are till you see it with your own eyes. So sad.
I'm only good at one thing and it's not control.
liked the #DasAuto #VW commerical til the bar scene, cute dog
RT : Flyer Faithful, are you ready! Here's a treat for today, a speech from UD alum, Super Bowl winner Jon Gruden!...
Cannot stop improvising delirious lyrics to zoo bee doo bee doo
Can't believe I missed on today! Definitely will be tuning in tomorrow!
The guy next to me is eating a pastry that smells like heaven. God I wish it was okay to punch people and take their shit.
Dear mother nature it's almost December. Were is the snow!!!
that picture just made my day! Thanks again :) it means SO much!
sweet ride
yeah man theres just something wrong with Noah we gots to findout
Peace up, A-Town down.
You are doing it Carolyn! Congratulations!
And right out of the chute, Joe goes for the stupid
Coffee, catching up on Scandal, watching livetweet the #walkforanimals, and checking radar to see if I can scoot to campus.
School Starts 2 More Weeks.
“: I've been selected as a 2012 TED Fellow! I've been a HUGE fan of TED for many years and so honored” Congrats Jimmy!
Yay! Free food always tastes better :) RT : Just got free Subway
Thank you! Have a great day! RT :
Just finished listening to #WondersOfTheYounger now it's off to bed with me:)
Black men will come up with nicknames for their friends.
young hip people should move in on the retirement home lifestyle and if they dont let us then we cry ageism. sounds legit
My word of the day is
These loud Asians are fucking me up real bad right now...
Having to go inside when the street lights came on
Right outside of Issaquah. 25 minutes from Downtown. Like I said, too damn far. :( Oh well, live and learn.
Im Happy that I'm living. People may say I'm Ignorant, but I'm really not.
Glad you loved our care package! Shoot me an e-mail rachel (at) secondglass.com and I'll get those tix flowin =)
The lakers SUCK! Kobe is good though
I miss you so much!! It seems like FOREVER :( But almost 3 months away!
and I don't expect to have my bestfriend back, but just remember there isn't a day that goes by that I don't wish you still were
if you are not a #FORTRAN programmer, then you have no excuse for
I miss you too! We would love to see you this summer, I'll let you know when we are coming your way!
sounds good! We choose your number last time unfortunately that number was not you. :(
When UC graduates own the world like Harvard grads do, we'll donate just as much as they do.
I hear Ma Fischer's is good.
Stocks go up, stocks go down, watching indexes that are painted can't help. Hedging will. Not a science, but an art. I can teach
hey C:
Ahahah yup to both. :3 thing was I didn't get to meet them after the acoustic but ohwell;P I met 1/2 of them on gktour.
So my Disney countdown started at 190 days and now we are down to 109. This is going a lot faster than I imagine.
Went to sleep in the 3rd quarter thinking the clippers were gonna be blown out of that game. Proof right there that u should
I smell cheese! Cheddan Pecan biscuits are baking...YuM!
Betcha Don thought he just saw Non-fat Betty.
best pick-up line from Art Drinks that I wish I'd thought of: "so, what keeps your paint wet?"
You ain't a fan of basketball if you hate Kobe. He has the perfect game mayne.
yea I agree, he was also very good looking :)
let me think about that... YES!!
RT #GIS2012 is awesome in Miami! Great meetings with great people.
my dawg. Where you been at
": I bet at some people crib the roaches can't wait till its night time.... So they can party all night!!! Lol"😂
#PeopleLikeUs don't give a shit anymore. ✌
Full as hell
#wcphilly #day2 : Life cycle of a ticket: The oldest open ticket is 6.5 years old, the youngest, probably 20-30 minutes ago.
11 days...no cigarettes...up next: Vegan cleanse...what the what?
woah is that even legal?!
Developing story, #braun gets his chance v. lefty...
Anyone ever used the SCImago Journal and Country Rank? Opinions?
- my bunny is famous!
yeah but someone's gotta do it lol...at least it pays the bills
I have so many bug bites 😞
I love standing there with you, being held close to you.
haha! Didn't see it until after, and then I didn't really care if it copied. Whoops!
Oh no! The current live games are Bruins/Capitals, Coyotes/Blackhawks, and Bulls/Heat. Can you not enter any of those games?
Thanks for the support! See you at the
its football u play knowin the risk. It's like joinin the military think u won't go to war. I did both. It's a risk
lol a few
way many power hungry bastards... way many.. it's sad.
sunny, wicked breezy in PR. Check out #syfy #lostgirl - maybe get a part in it. oh& tell - more music plz
Either heated or silent. I kind of want to skip. haha
Almost done with this video mix...then home to prep for Rock-Con this weekend.
I say Kay so I'm stupid? WTH. Nice comeback. Wow.
some did take the name they write in Chinese
If you dont know my pain youll never understand my praise
Damn interference call killed us
Love is free, just expensive to shop.
I hate that I cant sleep after 3 pills
Thanks so much and thanks for the follow!
Hahaha “: I hate it when, I plan a conversation in my head, but the other person doesn't follow the script.”
♥ Sweetest girl in my world ♥
...and that comma should be a semicolon. RT practice safe text, use commas.
haha. it messes with my mind.
Dec. 01 is World AIDS day. Who is wearing red today?
You belong to whoever you obey -
need to cop one!
Thanks for following, Mike.
lmfao scaring a bunch of seventh graders by banging on the basement window with music playing and the shower running in the bathroom.
Our Holiday Lunch was delicious! Thanks!
how was the R Derby?
i love the mothers day song, it was beautiful :)
who do I complain to in order to have my email corrected for Equator? Pls dont give me the 866.903.1053. No help there.
I NEED 100+ FOLLOWERS. FOLLOW ME I WILL FOLLOW BACK!!!!!
show at patriot place-- I think I'm going to qualify as a fanatic soon
This kid is banned from any TV, video games, computer games, etc... So I let him play Angry Birds on my iPad. It's the least I can do!
completed Chapter 6 in
I gotchu, be right over with them RT : I want some oreos & milk .
No!!! I honestly just woke up :/ I've been out since 7 :/ guess I'll go ahead and get up to start my glorious day??
I LOVE YOU :)
I used to be ashamed for the grizzlieness on my body. This summer, don't care!
when I got my 3 dayold kitten, I had to massage her butt & vajayjay with a warm cloth to stimulate her to pee & poo for 2 weeks
Are you making a 4square trip around some town called DEG?
