Question to Romney: how did the last time a mormon ran for president go?
at the house-what's up?
is the 181 tax deduction approved for 2012?
dont hate on me, 'cause i really do care.
I rather have a girl that acts innocent and silly or just being herself , than a girl that try's so hard act cute .
Orlando bound with Matt Acton Fan page tomorrow for the Europa Sports Products Expo... who's going to be there this weekend??
Yes what on earth ARE we going to do with all these unhidden collections?
new new new new new
I hate those pairs of jeans that get stretched out and baggy throughout the day
Ha. sheesh. I've got love for GA... but Mississippi is like my 2nd home. Been taking this trip for a decade.
People who never do any more than they get paid for never get paid for any more than they do Albert Hubbard
im goofy
starting to study for a Spanish test an hour before the test #procrastination problems
We need a #revolution - a #techrevolution. Who's with me?? ? I'm calling you out! Let's look to change our future ON OUR OWN!
Hey, wine lovers. Happy Hour tonight and every weeknight from 5-7. BOGO! Please RT!
Spending my day so far watching My Strange Addiction youtube videos on TLC's channel.
Nice to see up on twitter, facebook and looking good. Finally a wisc bank on social media with personality and good content.
#vsa2011 tip for doing visitor intercepts: Nervous? Pretend you're someone else! No one will know ;)
Having a serious Memoirs of a Geisha moment thanks to Kimono-come-baseball jackets are the new black.
Want to learn a French word? "Espirit d'escalier: When you think of the perfect verbal comeback... much too late." #merde #sacreBleu!
You're pumped?! Feel these nipples! RT : So PUMPED for this fight!!!!
That's a mandatory Twitter user maintenance function.
Breakfast was good, thanks!
what u doing
“Good men don’t need rules... Today is not the day to find out why I have so many."
RT : My sister tells me tonight that my radio is either always on or on GAC music videos lol.
did u go home yet
DAY 4✪✪✪TWITTER EXPERIMENT✪✪✪ TOTAL TARGETED FOLLOWERS is now ✪726 IN 4 Days✪ 3 more days to get 274 FOLLOWERS! Going for 1000 in a week!
Harbaugh rematch because the Ravens match up well against the Patriots!
I was honored to refill 's water last night at EN
Looking forward to introducing clothing at the boutique soon!
No, these umps are racist. Seriously.
Bdmiche is a beast!!
sure! i can answer any questions at - Dan
Realizing that i might not need you, but i covet you just the same.
I use powerpoint because it's what i'm used to...we've been trying to convert over to keynote because we're so mac centric
Pinterest is ruining my interest in all-food blogs. Is this true with anyone else?
Is anyone going anywhere fun this summer?
I think the white zombie violet has trouble getting enough energy. It must be like a miniature.
The Spring Meeting is this weekend, featuring Saturday Award Ceremony. Congrats to winners and others
Music Selection is the Key! What audience are you performing for? (you
I am supposed to be writing reports... I really am tired of looking at numbers and stuff tho.
I'm watching Anger Management with Adam Sandler & Jack Nicholson. I'm finding Jack's character very agravating. Do I need therapy?
I don't really like cupcakes.
of course:)
Feeling out of sorts today - I need to focus and make a plan - any suggestions to do this?
what room are you in bode?
The National Parks might be closed, but I've pitched a tent for you right here.
I just saw two robots kiss
only way yall can defend nicki is by doggin kim yall can't drag me cuz I'm not a kim stan I'm just anti nicki anti wack artist!
There is a timing for all things in our lives, and there is safety in being in God痴 perfect timing
performance was awesome! Waiting for the voting
Today would have been my grandma's 110th birthday. Happy Birthday, Nannie!
Would love to partner with your group on our fundraiser for Congo on 3/17 at the Ritz. Can you dm me or inbox me on Facebook?
saw Gino at work today :D
ha just thought I'd show a little live real quick lol☺
#thatminiheartattackwhen you hope the crown does not fall off
might as well make a post or instagram/twitpic them
"see ya, blondie." someone just said that to me.
TGIF....but when you love what you are doing, does it really matter? Its just another day.
Taking my Mom shopping 4 her 1st gr8tgrandsons high school graduation! Imma proud G-ma!
although GMPM alert was delayed those who held into our prepromo release we our now up 140% great job traders
are you getting responses on that "offensive" query? Cuz they're probably illegal.
chillin pool side after a busy week!
RT : Thank you for opposing SOPA and supporting the 1st amendment. Please keep the internet OPEN.
Mia is definitely the best dancer of all time #DanceMomsMiami rules because of the Queen of Dance
Pavement Poetry: Dawn &amp; Barbie
Amazing concert ,had a great time c:
HEY. The CONSPIRACY HAD BEGUN AGAINST BEACH BOY RAD! I can't respond on FACEBOOK! CHEAP SHOT! LAUGH IT UP BOY BAND!
Need a new brand of jeans. Not too fancy or expensive. Suggestions?
Work today, practice tonight! Gearin up for the show on Monday at 12th and Porter with our friends !
New England's beast❤ (;
Do any art & design programs hold online portfolio shows? That seems like it would be a very modern thing to do.
WTF dis dude ova here watchin mindless behavior videos ^.^
Introductions underway We are running *ahead* of schedule!
Never works out
The part a bunch of folks appear to ignore!
Don't #underestimate the power of marketing
Open Houses In Boston Today all 12pm to 1pm @ 274 Beacon St, 9 Worcester St and 113 Comm Ave- stop by
Take a good look at your life......make it count,see life as a good thing to be lived fully
i read that as
They won't stop with Jeopardy. Pretty soon they'll doing your job, making love to your wife, watching the game with your poker buddies...
30 feels so close...
RT : Early warning is drawing leadership attention to pre-diagnosed specific events with foreseen possible implications
can you download the app some how?(:
Please don't tell me Monster's Inc Two is really coming out in November....SOMEBODY KILL ME. Why must they ruin every great Disney movie!?
: they'll get it later!
studio last night was so good another #banger real talk! so excited!!!
The G.O.A.T ll cool j
Carlós Beltran with 2 Home Runs, and a Triple tonight. 12 HR's for the season. Machine like. The Cardinals are fun to watch.
I would rather my apartment be infested with stray dogs than roaches...plus theyre easier to kill. All you need is a shovel.
Got too much on the line and little time to waste. If you can't speed up the process then get out my way.
What are you talking about, ?
Thanks much for the follow!
Congratulations to our PawPrint Editor, ! Amy won 1st Place Entertainment Story at the Ind. Collegiate Press Association Conf.
I couldn't tell last night if that #heavyrain was real or just part of a very immersive gameplay experience.
I love when he pops up in stuff.
I think Lauren knows she's history on tonight.
City Pages, very respectably, said it was St. Anthony Falls.
Glad they both have a job though...elsewhere!
Just decline the game
www.thesportsland.com ...sports fans this site is for you! create a profile and let your voice be heard! All sports all the time..
so lets not dread on all those things we should have said and piece by piece they can pick you up off my floor(:
hey! follow back
We got this ol crazy as indian in here..dont nobody kno wtf he be talkin bout
Blake Griffin's dunk over the Kia...now that's some creative and effective product placement!
For #FF: with all the buzz about #kony2012 here are some other great #nonprofits working in #Africa:
hey wuts up
Bryan LaHair is a beast.
Words, words, words. All in a day of writing.
Oo come on denver
I liked when teams just chose one player to wear No. 42 to honor Robinson. Simple and classy.
Yeaa i juss made myself a Bomb! ass meal..... where tha hookah at?
hiya :) when is the People's Choice winner finalized? on the 28th like other awards or right on March 6th? thanks!
Make conscious effort to cut down on "ums" and "uhs." Way more noticeable in phone interviews. Good luck!! :)
Save the date.
Jolene is everything I hate about the "new" Jungle. I used to listed religiously. Now once or twice a week.
Wow! What do I need to do to get some attention on Twitter? Set myself on fire? Why even bother, I can only do that once! Lol!
And to be practical, this would set them up for life. They could choose what to do from now on.
Wow what a horrible night that was. Got like 2 hours of sleep :/
Terrible shot
Thanks for the mention #AlexanderInt conceptBAIT
Don't make me think about her smile
Huge thank you to our wonderful sponsor, , for the amazing prizes and for supporting so many inspired moms!
thanks for the S/O!
Yes, kuler works in Safari.
Favorite #superbowl ads were #chevy and #twinkies, #m&m's and #doritos. Most car and beverage ads missed the mark
thank you! What a journey! Deposit was a wild goose chase but it was worth it.
Well ....The suspense is killing us!
Strange. Not a single attribution in this story. Did this come str8 from horse's mouth (i.e., Papa Doug)?
that better be a lie cause boy #angel amma beat yo ass ! and that a goo
heading to NY for Internet Week next week -- hit me up if you're going to be around.
One way to run into old Oklahomies in a new city - is to wear your "Home Sweet Homa" Tee.
Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome
GOD BLESS! Lmao
I've been up! Lol salon thuggin and running errands
it can't be a very well kept secret now can it?
Congrats Grads!
Learn more about the business opportunit with 5 LINX. Check out www.5linx/diamondpower. Cynthia Harris
I bet the refs are really stupid nowadaysN who did you play against??
Today! has live music starting at 5:30 with
its all good love u beautiful inside and out
Listening to Disney movie soundtracks
we really did it thus time
1st day cataloging and 'papercut'...quick...must order super cute bandages.
i can't tomorrow but Wed. would work!
You all enjoy your black Friday, just please let me get some coffee quickly on my way home.
Ah!!! There's a bug in my food
hahaaa love you both goodnight J
How the fuck did my older cousin find my instagram.
You're welcome, Gina :)
Production SQL DBA in South Florida who can start tomorrow!!!
If you are unhappy with an app, you'll tell 11 people; if you are happy, you'll tell 5. Gary Pope
miss you too boo! Let's hang!
...and throw away the key.
PS TikiDolls, we will be posting our Fall Collection Photos tomorrow! Stay fashionable even in your sweetest dreams! (:
You don't realize how strong a person really is until you see them at their weakest moment. -Unknown Author
you are so wonderful; the perfect mom
Brain Floss: Guiness Book says The record for the most teeth in the mouth is shared by an Indian man and Italian man, each with 35 teeth.
couldn't he have just had his little brother sneak one out of the plant for him
please tell me you're counting down a new single. I need a beat to ride.
My neighbor's so nice. He gave me Jameson and a tour of his apartment. Then Karma tried to eat his tiny dog. I don't think I'm invited back.
Pretty please follow me? :) Before you get anymore followers and it becomes imoossible? Haha :))
“: Sixers worst team in nba going to the line in regular season. Getting to The line this series making a difference”HELL YEAH
Please keep the lead
That's an extensive chalkboard menu they've got there
it's friday friday, gotta get down on friday
Taxes are done! Woo woo!
Just clicked on a Tumblr w/ autoplay music. 1994 called and it wants its MIDI jukebox back.
are you serious....?
UN Sec-Gen Ban appoints Major General Robert Mood of Norway as Chief Mil Observer & Head of Mission for the UN Supervision Mission in Syria.
orst day ever
is there a twitter handle for the reserves? We can't find it!
oh awesome! :D
she will be okay.. is a fun place to party.
*high five* *fist bumps* *fireworks*
Sometimes, heavy metal is better than coffee.
First day of classes at my new job. Sending well wishes to all who are beginning their fall semester!
My roommate is a Lizard and is crawling on my ceiling. She's always trying to sell me insurance.
ah I see! well then, I am so sorry!! ;)
Fuck Is Good With All These Niggaz Wanting To Be Me Thooo??? Getchu A New Role Model Sheeeezzzzz
i guess i wasn't online enough for FB and i'm working on getting better with tweets
just picked up 'flocommercials.com' thanks for the inspiration! should be pretty #progressive !
not even planned. Goodness.
iTunes Match activated. I've got songs that need upgrading.
I'm watching for the first time.
good luck, where at?
Just got Chipotle for free...nice
yeah, and I couldn't resist getting between them to make a sandwich. Is that wrong? Lol
Are you arranging or planning to see the exhibit? Or both?! :D
When did Ewan McGregor turn into Kenneth Branagh?
e'ry morning it's my alarm. "Everyday I'm hustlin" Rick Ross
Digging the ease of using Selenium WebDriver + jetty plugin + failsafe plugin on a app. Must.write.add-on.
#grateful for new apartment, new roommates, new commute, same jobs, and a desperately needed week off!
: So cute, Supal!
Holy fuck! Stop taking shit out I'm going to punch you I am beyond annoyed.
Can u help me ?
lol. You always cheer for weird teams.
oh Barry... Ur not suppose to drink the whole thing. sounds like u need some taters, eggs and bacon ... W/ red beer :-)
I finnaly got a girl where my freinds dont say "you can do better than that Johnny"
This is not gonna end well.
Homegrown programmable electronics for your clothing?! Welcome to the future w/arduino boards.
My husband was just elected to his second term in office!
welp.... get up n be productive silly
My mom's gonna buy me Proactive! :D
Beautiful work with dancers.
haha we included that picture in our article by that's currently our top story.
I don't know , which is funny because we've worked "together" a zillion times!
#oomf is so fuckin sexy , ugh i wanna tell 'EM !
Visiting Chicago soon and need a place to "park it"? Read why CS Modern Luxury recommends Hotel Lincoln - a Joie de Vivre Hotel...
Sabino Canyon is truly one of Tucson's treasures. Did you hike to 7falls?
RT : God is good
Enrollment isn't a problem, but housing is. Quality of enrolled driven by quality of academics. Athletics just drives volume.
please follow me. i love you guys.
Startup idea: Social network for the Amish.
“: If Zimmerman is missing they need to send the Student Loan people to find him...If Sallie Mae cant find him... HE IS DEAD” lmao
Waking up tomorrow and I'm going to Wizarding World of Harry Potter
I been tryna find out since Monday...
just a busy day at work and then my ex's dad took Emmy to the beach and they went "missing" for about 90 minutes. I freaked!!!
were you and inside when it broke down? I wanna be stuck in the Indy skeleton room to see Bones.
“: When I am enabled to act with love, God will take care of my feelings. -The Rock That is Higher”
everyone follow!!!
Is #tincup trending yet?
I can't get past all the boys it brought to the yard.
Any last words?
Omg! The Star Wars Kid is practicing spinning back kicks on the punching bags at my gym! Haha.
Speed jerkin'
Now if we can only get a copy to FLOTUS! RT 5 of 5 stars is right! Beautiful book from Rene and
wanna hear a joke? :)$
HOW WAS SPIDERMAN IN THE DARK?
Too much chatter in back seat on drive home from our micro Spring Break. Shutting them up with gumdrops and M&Ms.
thx for the follow Joe!
Got it--he was screaming at the Marriott by phone, not in it. I was gonna say, the Chillton was not a Marriott.
Happy Earth Day!! <3
Its sad wen people stop fuckin with u for no resume or can't tell you why
Toy story 1,2and 3with the kids today in a row.
The Shreveport Times >> Florida QB John Brantley won't play against LSU This could be a huge advantage when we play them.
great time.
I hate when people ignorantly make statements about gays and bisexuals. People are so rude & judgmental.
She already know what it is when we together
cuz i love him alot and i want him to be with me forever!
Online now :)
thanks for the retweettttttttttttt...
Is there a good New Mexican or Southwest Style Mexican Food restraurant in HOUSTON? Craving Green Chili New Mexico Style!
Oh lord, I just got 7 hours of fresh air and exercise. I am going to sleep like a thing that sleeps really well. Bedtime is now?
Today's affirmation: I release any desperation and allow love to find me
LOVE YOU! PEACE OUT!
It's crazy how I care so much do so much & not one person shows appreciation it's crazy
19.26 is oustanding! I don't want to jump to any accusations so congrats to Blake.
haha! Nah, I understood what you meant rather than what you said. :P
I'm going to embroider some dish towels with vintage transfers!
no it's not that - i like to follow people back and now I can't and so many have unfollowed me ?bc i tweet so much?
Sitting naked in bed tweeting hmu.
Proud to host Jaron Lanier at #PdF12: virtual reality pioneer, #web20 critic & author ("You Are Not a Gadget"). Also great musician!
I don't think "Levels" will ever get old...
we love our vet...maple small animal hospital
Happy Birthday to the best PG in the country from members of the BBN in Dallas.
Thanks 4 mention! You offered a lot of great input; glad you could make it!
You never know! Think positively! Four chances to win, drawing at end of the day!
There is beauty all around us. We must take care to listen, watch and feel...
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence
sadly not, but what zip code are you in? I know some agents out there and can send you their way!
I'm just setting this what's going on I'm in queens
You are very powerful, provided you know how powerful you are. Know your self worth!
thank you for the follow
4 Loko's been banned in WA since Wednesday, so I've resorted to filling my bathtub daily with maxwell house coffee and St. Ides
bring back Good Eats #foodnetwork ! I need the help with my chemistry homework.
Ha! I did not know there was such a thing. What would a negro locket hold? A very tiny mule & 40 mini acres?
just drove back into town for the deluge.
I think everyone who works at Plaid Pantry should wear full body plaid jumpsuits
back up home visiting with my dad, then back off tomorrow to boston for work
When people blame shit on drugs, no. It's your own fucking fault . Stop with the excuses
tonight's the #DEXTER season six premiere!
Did you guys hear about the bee that can spell? Yeah, apparently he has ESP and can fight for 20 rounds
Height 6 deuce
Woman next to me tearing up at Nancy Sommers talk evoking Trixie Helden stories. Testament to Evocative power of digital stories.
you got it! & thank you!! Hay are we on eachothers Facebook ? Feel free to send me an add if we aren't yet already lol
Sorry if I offended or annoyed. :/ Be well. Be wonderful.
The second you think you're better than everyone, is the second you lose your humanity. We're all on this blue speck together.
well done!
True story. Hopefully this bad luck will wear off by next month! It would be a long walk to Vegas!
honestly you should have a blog. Shit is too funny. Might as well I tune in all the time. I'd sponsor it
I'll do that. Thank you
Mario's in Capitol Hill is delicious pizza. If you're in Seattle you should try it.
So im off today wats poppin
On The Other Side. I Can't Wait To Start Working. :D
I do not believe the next areas have been announced, but will be soon. City will directly notify your household.
Please follow me! xx (:
TGIF! headed to the bay after work
so annoying!
Badgers? We don't need no stinking badgers!!!
Thanks for the Follow!
Where my nigga Jenny At?!
Some people were not meant to be in your life forever, so cherish every moment you have with them now
It's like this is the generation of the "/". Where the hell did all these rapper/photographer/model/producer/blogger ass niggas come from?
I'M FEATURED IN 2 COMMERCIALS for Dramatic Health: two 3-part series....one on my anger story and the other on my cancer story. Chk em out!
Jonathan Ogden named to college football hall of fame. Played college ball at UCLA before being taken by Ravens with 4th overall pick in 96
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying,"I will try again tomorrow." Mary A Radmacher
CALL ME! ASAP, I GOT TO ASK YOU SOMETHING!!
good... bones precisions are sweet.. Reds are nice too. Ugh. Piere stopped by my place today..he's making me bitchy.
Lol, just a friendly PSA from & I!
Flyer forth coming?
*Skyscraper= Story Of My Life, #ThankYouDemi !<3
oh well wat school u go 2
RT : HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON Free Family Film 7/23 at 10 AM
follow back :)
baton rouge here how bout youself
please with me a happy birthday today it would really mean a lot
So the Diamondbacks have a Putz pitching on Yom Kippur? Maybe Ryan Braun will make him atone for a bad pitch.
make me a taco bitch 😜
Awesome piece by Reminds me of James Madison Park in Wis, where I saw a dude talk on cell, dribble and smoke a joint at same time.
Awesome! Thanks!
Turn on the World Series, this is true drama
My mom too, she is like OK NEXT LOL well lots of luck let me know when you do. I would def help if I was there :)
I cant believe my boy #DerekRose is outta the playoffs smh. Wat a lost.
do you want a white kid on a schoolbus? or a wapple?
We increase whatever we praise. The whole creation responds to praise, and is glad. -Charles Fillmore
On my way to Rockford....#followmeback!!!!!!!!
thanks for the follow + yum!
Wow awesome job! :) nice
#socialismineightwords are you kidding me? what were you thinking?
"So are you in junior high or high school?" <--- a serious question that I was just asked
what's up lady?
You know what happened Last Year : Steak & Fries ALL DAY with
Started my daily "Tebowing" against Eli "the bitch" Manning winning another ring. I'd give everything I own to bitch slap him him just once.
I had beignets at Cafe Du Monde... DeeeeLISH. and right before bed, no less.
A3 Keeping your head down focused on tasks leads to missed opportunities. Q3 What are consequences of Marketing treadmills?
This is my argument
Ready for my first day as an intern tomorrow.
been lookin 4 the music man what it do?
#Blog #Tip: When you watch commercials, you can learn how to grab your reader's attention.
follow me !!
The only word to describe my day: "Really?"
• PLEASE will you tell me why it's abbreviated R? I've asked everybody and nobody will tell me.
Follow me maybe? And yay you finally got a twitter
AND BALLS THAT FUCKING HATE YOU FOR ALL ITS WORTH
RT : Get me pregnant, so I know it's real.
spent a really long time making "An Oversimp/Her Beauty." It was worth it. Beautiful film.
agreed I actually liked her audition now she is just weird lol :)
I wish! You should see my mini fridge. No freezer to speak of :( There is an ice machine at the other end of the hall though!
#casting looking to work with casting directors w/ breakdowns and to feature their workshops and seminars to our clients
Sustainable seafood #forthewin! It was great meeting you at the Fancy Food Show.
I'm glad to hear that. I cannot wait to read what you can write.
...as for Sine Die, every time I see it I can't help but think "There has got to be a better way to do this"
Agree! :You've gotta hand it to the country music crowd: they don't seem to have body dysmorphic disorder issues. Healthy mindsets.
Hard work pays off, don't let anyone tell you different.
#ThankYouGeo trend it
Valuable life skill learned as a percussionist #102: if what you want doesn't exist, go to the hardware store and make it.
the way they are struggling versus the magic is sad
Love seeing all the peeps eating outside on Park Ave. Wish it was like that in my hood. Anyone wanna sit outside of Little Caesars with me?
Thanks for sharing that opinion piece, Mary. Great perspective to remember.
How lame Your contact form only takes 50 chars for account-related inquiries?! Only tells you after you enter too many.
I know u actually want to say "obsessing over my imagined arm hair"
interviews with NFL coaches immediately before they head to the locker room at the half
i'll keep holding on.
I sure wish I could be there, but I know it's gonna be a great experience!!!
Thanks xoxo“: wow just seen your morning picture, stunning!”
And no, I am not 'spitting', I am recording vocals. Thank you.
Just got back from Austin's. It was fun but something was different. It was...interesting.
Breaking news? RT : BREAKING: California parole board denies mass murderer Charles Manson's bid for freedom.
Excellent! Sounds like a plan....Love the fact it has actual clotted cream... yum... :) Do you miss England?
10% OFF Jersey Mike's! Only w/ a
If I was down would you say things to make me smile?
#Madonna still rocks it
I had lots of people hate me love me and cherish me
I don't like the fact that both your shows are on at the same time
i have a job interview @ taco bell wed @ 230 yea for me
I know! Even I am excited haha!
Android App inventor was fun, should get back into the #MIT version
Protip - if it raining and you have your wipers on turn your lights on too.
Travel Blog process is going slowly! Meeting with the Graphic Designer this Friday... might want to start writing some content soon! Tips?
Good morning to you! Make the most of this new day and bring a little sunshine into it with your open heart and a big smile! ~:o)
Hanley mother f'ing Ramirez!
man now you kno I gotta a phone
oh ok. I knew it wasn't too long after I left
I told my doctor I broke my leg in two places
"My ego is too big to be offended." - A Very Wise Man
Observing my first client meeting at and is a master!
One of the things I always look forward to online conferences: great music during breaks.
as soon as I can get a day off during the week it will be soon I can tell you that
I am! Getting better!
I'm frikin bored and hot too! So I went to the gym nigga!
I know now what I want to be doing.. and even more importantly the 'why' behind it. Can't wait to finish with the move & get set up again..
Celebrating Mother's Day in the #410 today...I miss the relative calmness of the Baltimore beltway
#UseTwitterNameInSentence I am a BSBnFOBnAdamGrl :-) That was easy!
From one who has made the MPLS-->SF journey, Minneapolis loves you back!
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood.
so true about being a soft skill... something to think about that is for sure!
I bought her 4 rings thought shed be ridin Audi
aww thanks Bro! and sometimes when I watch Rachel tributes your videos are featured ones too :) so that's cool too :)
Order pizza. Get beer. Turn on music. Pack your shiz baby, it's spring break!
then you are not qualified to be president. haha
Amen to that. Canon and RED have the market on lockdown
stay home and sleep in the sun? Me too!!
Omg nice(: I Got Uggs Too!! UMM.. Justin Bieber Perfume gift set(so the lotion&&the perfume&&the mini one) Lots of Aero(:
why cant u do it by yourself?
I tried twice, couldn't get into it. I like some of his other/older non-fantasy work a lot though. Armaggendon Rag, Fever Dream
We're at the Red Stick Farmers Market this morning. Come take a picture with Huey Long!
Can you get them anywhere now? My wife says they're holiday only, and we're DOWN TO OUR LAST BAG. they are highly addictive.
go bunnies! You are rocking the fundraising! See you there!
thanks love bug, not as cute as u
you LOVE it. You know you do!! xo. I'll be at Union Sq.
did u get booed at this one?!?! Haha
Most Def Bra
RT : Why is a 3% tax increase on the richest considered "socialism" but a 14% pay cut on the middle class is "doing your part?"
Jeri, this time they blogged equivocal compliment
That view is not quite as nice as the last one.
"can we listen to the Enya version?" words I never want to hear again in a seminar (in this case, hilarious)
Chris Paul running around in the paint playing magician just makes me hate David Stern even more.
RT : VDAY SPECIAL! Every rider gets Epic Cookies & ltd edition VDAY card by local artist Joey Nix <3
"Cheers" to businesses who truly care for their customers!
toi x3 resembles the sound of spitting - still superstition of warding off demons - at least what I was taught in music school!
Sorry if I didn't get to everyone but I will. Keep shouting me out and I got u...Goodnite
Kate! I love to love you already! Wrote outlines/ideas for books when I worked at The Limited in high school! Cheers xo
Oh man..
The others have developed scabies. A murder of crows is circling the car. We have gone stir crazy.
Save the date: 9/2-9/5 for a multi-genre event: “Alien Encounters:Speculative & Imaginative Fiction by Writers of Color” www.afpls.org/aarl
Undergrads - Today is the deadline for completion of incomplete work from Fall Semester 2011 and Winter Session 2012.
Omg, Rocky won't shutup.
yes I am.
Postcards- the original tweet!
i can't change the world but i can change the world in me.
Friends are awesome!!
you in town?
Excellent papers on superhero comics' race troubles at
TOPFLIGHT Papergame would like to introduce and SALUTE our 1st female artist...Nika J...SALUTE!!!
that boat was the fucking shit.
ewwww. that stuff smells... :D
Just watched a really good documentery on HBO called "Last Truck: Closing/ GM Plant" we have to buy American Made products. Boycott Wal- ...
ill never look at those Geico commercials the same again
"Shes such a greasy girl." -
can you dig it?
Tweet something Walsh. Make it official.
Children are the best teachers of creativity, persistence and unconditional love.
I'm a pretty big fan of , , (& , although different). Makes me wish I had more money.
Even if the MVA had me listed as a man from 2004-2006?
Any hints on getting gallery repped in NYC?
How is NewEngland's Def against the run? Like Felix going to be effective? Or "The Best" going to keep SanFran backpeddling?
I'm going off the grid for the next few days. Internet, behave yourself while I'm gone.
cause she's in love with me....
Baby the way that you light up my world gets me over welmed.
So excited for Mike and Ash tonight! Meeting at the tour busses for vocal warm ups! Thank you, RF!!! You're the best!
you aren't allowed to follow me:P jk lol
but ill always have love for her, she as my first sweetheart
Wow. That sounds out of this world. In Orbit, even.
Please keep the Gant family in your prayers.
you too?! :o now it's a party !
Digital Painting workshop with Corel Painter 11 started yesterday. Students are painting portraits-we'll post pics on friday!
Ah!!! I haven't seen The Avengers yet and these ppl at Java Mama are totally talking about it!!! No!!
not everyone is as lucky as you James.
I'm never going to be a movie star. But then, in all probability, Liz Taylor is never going to teach first and second grade.
“: Getting my gear packed up for my show tonight #lovemylife” Have fun! I'll make it to a show again some day. I miss y'all!
Thanks Anastasiya. Have a great day!
Banning mobile device use in cars would be even less successful than prohibition was.
dre was amazing. Played outta his mind tonight. Fed the monster them oops all night long!!
A quote from an interview with the late Charles Bukowski
thanks for the surf
Flower Garden Ideas PicturesHome Improvement Tips - pictures of flower beds
ur both talented and lovely but I should stick to one at a time - will still admire u from afar tho
alright ill do that thanks(:
Do not feel lonely, the entire universe is inside you.
I need to go swimsuit shopping ASAP.
"Like us" on Facebook!!!!!
Oh no, almost caused a very very bad coffee/mouth explosion due to the "Taint of America" comment.
so lucky, the day after I get back from Paris I leave to brazil though, the motherland lol
So glad was saved!!! She's my fave!
my deepest apologies... Must be a tough way to start a weekend
RT : Free, Tip-based, Walking Tours with this Wknd! Explore Capitol Hill, Pennsylvania Ave and Big 5 Memorials!...
I knew fish would come up big in the playoffs
Power nap before sundown...my weekend begins tonight.
I highly dislike Ceelo Green
Don't think I've seen you in 10+ years, but I do remember that you went to RIT (I was at UR). Attending ? I am.
I have supported you from ur VP run & still do. I say the Tea Party is the" Voice" of "The People" u say it's a Movement?
Yay! #MadMen have returned!
hey there! Thanks - getting better every day! How r u? ~michael
love my collard greens sauteed with thick strips of bacon, garlic and a little bit of olive oil. how do u prepare ur collards? -lisa
Hi there -- just wondering, do you go by the name Beau?
Aw Why thank you ;)
Nice!! RT : RT “: Congratulations to Taj Gibson named to USA select team”
"She would say yeah, let's screw!"
And now there is Pinterest spam. Awesome.
The fact that I've been hunting for hotels for the past three hours makes me hate life.
Mark de Clive-Lowe just killed the first set ! Packed house ! is on now
RT : 155 IN and KY artisans and foodists, plus local music & art demos...it's all at the #INArtisan Marketplace this weekend!
My tumblr crush just liked my picture. Someone hold me.
Good Morning to you too!!! Have a great day!!
haha yeah same thank you !!
When isn't tying his skinny ties he reads the ! Is there a coincidence?
Grilled pork featured in Cuban dish
it would be great if ya'll could help. iLike this girl but am afraid if we go out and it ends we won't be so much as friends anymore.Advice?
Sad to be reading all the #marac tweets, wish I could be there! Too bad Georgia isn't the Mid-Atlantic.
Internet down all day today. Sunny, warm Friday afternoon in October- could be the last of the year. The next few hours are going to be hard
Bye SD it's been real brah
love the commitment to improving eduction in SD. City Year was a vital resource for students at the school I taught at in LA
Prolific = producing much fruit or foliage or many offspring
yep, real well. It was awesome!
I've been calling to see if u wanna go dress shopping with me for the wedding...so yah, thanks for picking up :-)
~ Hey Bro, trying to catch up with you...it's been TOO L O N G! I'm easy to find! Google me, #s all over the place!
Derby Road Greyhound Race Tri Super carryover currently stands at $19,298.00 and growing!
"I'm going to remember who this artist is, I swear." "Is he contemporary, or dead?"
HALL OF PAIN is trendin cuz Mark Henry said it on WWE Raw
Thanks! for allowing our CineCityJax members to be the jury for the final performance of 'The Night Of January 16th'
The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder
Win a copy of “The BugaBees” #book sequel “The BugyBops: Friends for All Time” by
Being a wingwoman is hard work. Do NOT want to talk to this guy. God friend alert.
its money out here...u just have to stay focused & get it!
Also, we never figured out which city we built on rock n' roll.
@ me @ my twitter name so i know it real!
Number of African Americans with jobs
RT : The new logo is here! Thanks to Dave Green for his help in making it a professional-looking type logo!
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest. ~Mark Twain
THE BUZZ IS OUT!!! THE #AKA's ARE READY TO GIVE YOU A #SweetDream mixed with #SweetIndulgence this FRIDAY @
I'm following you
yet?....chile please
Writing creating riffs n sounds till da wee hours of da morning lol
Are people really on this thing?
Feed #tarantula sparingly, gut-loaded crickets, supplement with other insects. ~once/week. Never feed wild-caught bug for fear of pesticides
check out and come to the triple rock on 11.11. Taste of India in st.Louis park was bad (same owners I think)
I have not seen Peter Dinklage since he was on Threshold.
I'll never give up...
I robbed an Indian casino dressed as a pilgrim. (It's cool, I'm one quarter Sioux. So, lick the hairy sides of my cock.)
christmas time=an eating fest.
Pacers are hoopin.
Weekend Brunch Special- “Eggs Benedict”- poached eggs on Provence minicroissants with smoked ham, hollandaise and rosemary potatoes. $12.50
Do you run when you are sick? With a cold? Or skip?
Final: RI Riveters 110, Carolina Roller Girls 111. Thanks to the for coming to RI!
Well, clearly part of the fun will be trying to figure out the best combo. If you test yours, e.g., I will show up fork in hand.
omg. is she really dating HIM?! wow.
Trying not to think about grills. It's hard. *sniff*
Ate the mothafuckin' house down. (crosses arms and nods once)
does it look like he is swinging all arms or is that my imagination?
I wish I could wake up to the beach and warm weather everyday !
Happy Pi Day!
Our base runners suck at stealing bases and our catchers suck at throwing base runners out.
What is your legal responsibility for waving another driver to turn?
There's a Car2Go outside of Thurston, I have nothing to do today. Perfect conditions for an adventure!
Its going good, just chillen ! && you?
Thanks for the RT Lauren! (Lee)
When you have shacked with every groupie on campus
Took something off it and has been pitting pitches up. That's a BP pitch. Too bad for him in impossible situation
Possibly! It always depends on who will pick up an article but I'd be delighted to talk. DM me with more info.
Will pass the msg on, p.s. you all should join us for Thirsty Thursday here at the WH (we call it #OccuyTequila)
Thank you for all your support!
Liz is on the money. Out of the box is books and sections. Then you get more specific.
And thats one of the many reasons why we love you! :) #GOTHUNDER !!
“Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done.” ~Louis D. Brandeis
dude I need it
I'm so sorry, you have a boyfriend and 5 guys lining up to date you, and you don't know what to do. Your life is SO hard. :\
Took cover from the rain at a bar on Congress and found myself in hipster hell
Fucking whatever... I'm done with about fucking everything...
People watching continues to be one of my favorite activities
its a crappy thing when another band destroys ur equipment and doesnt man up and pay for it
Its still early
Lessee: already 20 points behind at the end of the first quarter. Awesome.
haha something about you being a cheap date.
TAKE GOOD SELF CARE: • soak feet in epsom salts • do gentle yoga • sip herbal tea • sleep • walk in the woods • raw honey facial
Beautiful day for the #KefirTruck! Thanks !
What's the verdict, Mike? Did we do okay on the #CBC12 #SanDiego Pale Ale?
- When should I come in for some delicious wings & rings? My apologies for the delay.
I hate it when people pretend to be & it's so stupid OMFG people just be you it aint tht hard to be yourself
My love affair with ice pops is back on.
I miss you💙
RT : My friend David had his ID stolen yesterday. We just call him Dav now
maybe >.> I don't need that much attention as long as you're listening to me and/or checking me out at all times. That's it
I'm not sure if I can love Mr. Steward anymore. I know I drive him bananas...
If you want the best seat in the house, move the dog.
Can't wait to meet the beautiful , the lovely and the amazing in sept at the ball xx
What I said earlier was no wonder you puked your guts up if you drank Baltimore Zoos.
Whenever I Get Giftcards, I Just Blow That Shit, I Don't Care What I Buy, Ain't My Money Lls
10/10/10...cross/plus...have a great day.
"DO YOU WANT TO SHARE THAT WITH THE WHOLE CLASS?!" No, thats why I whispered it.
Joe! What? Joe! What? Come on I said what.
congrats on the new job at UCI! i used to listen to KUCI a lot when i was an undergrad!
Steven Tyler will release his tax returns on Tuesday.
RaeLynn is exceptionally average even by corner karaoke standards, how does make that call?
Can't wait to visit UCA this weekend and see some of my people!
This walk home is soo refreshing :)
well she has twitter and she's mad at me because I told her " I can't talk now I'm busy" and she called me a "you know"
OMG please lie naked in a pile to worship #SuperMoon What could be more NewOrleans than that??!
...is working on the next big thing - revolutionary pricing, #hadoop integration, fastest #analytics platform in the world... what's next?
Elaine and Stacey both deserve to go through, they're both great!
It's funny how i know what's gonna happen sometimes... maybe it's just that gut feeling
Just thought I'd tweet hello! Have a good day y'all!
All proceeds from our "Shaker's CD" go to the Brian Grant Foundation! Come and get yours while they last, $10 at
Professional contact, in the third person, announcing that he will be going on a splendid vacation for the next two weeks =
RT : Just saw a black guy and thought it was again.
"Im a lover, not a fighter" -Diablo Gato/Furry Lover/Chupacabra or well known as Puss In Boots- Lolz...
Enjoying a nice afternoon in Beverly Hills...
We are thinking of adding smoking cessation products to our upcoming website...What do you think? Please give feedback..
Can't wait! You always make me laugh (': <3
Welcome Ryan! We are happy to have you in MI. #BodybyViLove RT : Welcome to the D! :)
It was WONDERFUL seeing you, darling daughter! I had a great day with my peeps even if I was le injured lol.
I'm all about multiple shades of pink!
Yesterday is over its a different day .
If you list us on Twitter you will be able to follow us every where! We will be in #Downtown #SanJose #sanpedrosquare every Friday 9amto1pm
Cocktail of the day - Godfather. 1) Pour Scotch whisky (1.5oz) and amaretto (0.5oz) into a rocks glass with ice cubes. 2) Stir well.
This is some of the worst refereeing I have seen in awhile
Wait a second, this isn't the line for "Avatar" ...
I just brushed my teeth, but I want chocolate now
Once you have learned to love,
Now that REVENGE is on Sunday, I guess I should catch up on ONCE UPON A TIME before next season starts.
Poker is not a game its a lifestyle choice....
i'm in 'the country'. Way north of green bay. The open space is really putting a zap on my head
Good man! Trying to get this album done.
Yes, they do! We wil!
Not for me... cuz I know how to drive.
Last night's show was awesome! Had a blast. Now we look to March 9th at the Vous "Blood Alcohol Content"
Would you follow me for a moment so I might DM you, dahlink? :)
thank you :)
Also, not great reception
thanks cutie ;)
could u plz donate some paint to Manchioneal All Age sch in Portland Jamaica? The sch look really bad! :-(
I've been annoyed by your tweets for a long time, that one was too much. Glady unfollowed you. Bye.
I stopped watching BasketBall Wives 3 Seasons ago...maybe even 4
Cover story in wednesdays TO Sun goes a long way to explaining why TO not a good venue for world class sports events like the PanAm Games
That is highly likely..... maybe we'll make an exception
People!!! I notice when you unfollow!!! I'm not stupid.... t(-_-)t
I want a guy who will see me wearing sweats, hair messy, and no makeup and the first thing he says is, "damn you look beautiful." :)
Thank you!! You are pretty fabulous too!
It's looking a little below her chin :) Def go see her in person if you can she's genius (& I brought my ma)
So blessed to be here. Learning a lot about leadership and what it takes to be present for the geeks!
Swag dont pay the bills BITCH.
I have a solution for all of those A.R.K. (Act of Random Kindness) \;^{0>
Big girls 👉need love too👈 I don't discriminate 😜
You should be optimistic as well. It's nice.
- or IHOP for blueberry pancakes!!
thank you so much, I was waiting on hearing back.
haven't tweeted for so long...
i missed the triple double but the Sixers are now 1-0 when Evan Turner starts in the playoffs on Tuesdays :-)
For sure. I remember two feet of snow and below zero temperatures.
90's pop music.. The jams
I see an angel in a block of marble and begin to chisel until it flies away. Michael Angelo.
please fwd to followers: post tidings of comfort & joy to #holidayhash, and you could have $100 donated to a charity of choice. Thx!
The fifty year old man in the lounge is playing Angry Birds. Awkward.
When will you be installing a track in your new facility?
Thanks for the re-tweets, twitter Masters...! U are appreciated...!!!
Prominent American literary figures lived in NYC during the 1830s and 1840s, Washington Irving, Herman Melville, & Edgar Allan Poe.
Thanks so much, you always come thru!
You shouldnt get a handy cap pass because youre fat........
Proud to announce that I will be shooting with Mob Candy Magazine this month! :-)
thanks, lady!
RT Some bad breaks to start the inning, otherwise, I think Scott would have finished that inning just fine.<<guhgree-unlucky
Love you girls ":There are friends, there is family and then there are friends that become family."
You know you gotta leave the bar when you see the fat chicks dancing to the Enrique Iglesias song "Tonight I'm Fucking You"
Yay!!! I'm back, what did I miss?
Orlando Won, Houston Won! The WildCat has now won 124 straight games.
Heading to Malibu for a shoot and I'm going to freeze my booty off.
Club Sirius tonight no cover wild Wednesday downtown SA ill be live in the video mix all night!
Thanks for the follow. Tell Mr. S. Anderson "hi" from Hamrick.
Lebron's not that cute, BUT his body??!!! Savannah is blessed!
you walked right past me too fast at the Clinton talk at NRA and I couldn't say hi. We still want to get you !
I pray that your life being you more joy each day.....and that you never experience pain, suffering, sickness, or job lost
yes, so we don't always have to go to lahinas
Got a dress for junior prom!
A goal from on my birthday to win against Portland would be awesome. Or just a shout out :). Good luck bro!
I don't wear green because I look like christmas when I do.
I LOVE U <3
This time of the year just to mess with people we like to sit in our car in a sweet parking spot at the mall with our reverse lights on.
I was sad to learn today that WDWG has been sold and changing format. It was a sweet indie country station.
I love that song!!! 😍RT : I've had you so many times but somehow I want more
i aint trying to love you baby...just f*ck you instead
Fact iz everybody changes. The angel you know today can turn into something else tomorrow
Thanks for sharing! I'll definitely take a look.
Yes, I'm trying to be more positive, or at least saying negative things in ways that hopefully inspire discussion
I just watched video 3 pretty cool did you give away your coveted spot at the Academy yet?
Always A Bit Of Sarcasm In Mug Shot Roundup
>>>MLM News! BodHD( New Company Listing )
me too. How far did you get so far and what char
Game delayed...time to drink!
status reports 3x week, standup m,w,f #agile #workstyle about
Two years go every other billboard in Central #Austin was NOT a #liquor brand.
I know you can do it
nice day for a win, right?
Feather Hair Extensions high quality last for up to four months! Hair can still be washed, blown-dry,straightened www.OhioHairStylist.com
I gotta go to the mat for "Future 40's (String Of Pearls)" by Syd Straw.
thanks bud, gettin to have a college experience i shouldve always had. see you this summer?
thank you :)
with you
Dear note from your biggest fans, don't cuss so much in your songs. It completely kills it
I've said it. You've said it. My 10-year-old has said it. Now let's agree to stop saying it. I hearby renounce, "I know, right?"
An apple a day really does keep the doctor away. Helps to boost immune system and eases allergies.
trifflin hoes these days.. smh have some self respect
We like our inbox banana-free but film-full RT There you go, like magic and bananas. Film news in your inbox. Enjoy.
I was supposed to cheat off you. Now wtf am I supposed to do
&& i just wanna be with somebody who hasn't been with everybody
Haha it totally should be! AND you should win all the cookies you catch! OK, maybe that 2nd part is a bad idea... :)
Yeah they might still get out of 1st round but probably not beyond that.
Watching the hills have eyes at 9am isn't exactly a normal way to start my day
NEW MUSIC ALERT!!!! "Youth Without Youth" coming up very soon on !!!
At the Baltimore harbor with my family watching dolphins being feed!
garret k LOLL
had a few as well and trust me, he's a caroling freak! I've never heard a better rendition of Jingle Bells!
Apart of me is gone once you left me. </3
What?? I am looking forward to G.O.T in a few hours...:)
LOL, that made me laugh super hard!
You've changed. I miss the old you.
RT making a valiant effort to listen to no dance music tonight, no dub, dnb, house anything, just casual rock,
The MadHouse Sagas official website will be up and running in 2-4 months.
Boy just left the studio! With my artist this is going too be a hot single! Off the album coming soon.
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 62F Clear
The infamous from is in the office. Our toughness factor increases tenfold. Also, our #whitemanfro factor.
Got the shirt at Nordstrom Rack and the skirt at Forever 21. It was luck if I ever heard of it!!
Went work clothes shopping this weekend. Bought anything that looked like it wouldn't show red rot.
You're so welcome!
how cool! i am just so happy for you, great post for your special day too <3
told u, y'all two r hilarious
Had an amazing dream about ;) just saying <3
Andre Watts! A Kleinhans and favorite!
Right back at you! Y'll were dearly missed. DEARLY MISSED. Peas are on the stove, & thinking about Phillipe's!
How you gonna give a #1 kit, we all know he's a
hell yea you should see his dubstep vid
Making Chu-Hi. Over ice, pour Japanese Shochu & club soda into hi-ball glass. Top off with fresh grapefruit juice. Manual individual juicer.
nice table!
So I start the 28th :) I'm a happy camper
Never wait a day to tell someone how much you love them. Tomorrow might be too late.
Oh, when?
Lol @ new nicknames
can never forget it
No energy
On a related note, any day that you have tiramisu has to be considered a good day
Getting ready for class and still have 30 mins to kill + getting back into bed :) = winning
no your not liar
Standing up on his bday <
I love all of this Detroit bike talk. Gimme more!
it's wednesday all day
. Thanks, Deborah! We're still a bit under construction but we hope you enjoy the site! Thanks for the shout-out,
I'm not right now. I'm sorry.
Springtime is here! Calling all volunteers! Join us to help wake up Girard St. Garden on March 31st and Marion St. Garden on April 7th!
i dont flip flop teams. I let it be known who i roll with lol
stumbling, slurring words, making idiotic choices, and inducing vomiting isn't appealing?
at House Of Blues on September 5th. We have free tickets for the show let me know if you would like some.
Haha, you're finally eating something besides Olive Garden, Subway, or Whataburger?(:
teachers, talk to each other. Respect kids' humanity. How can we demand respect for us when we treat students as such
Damn my manager just said if it's slow i can go to sleep in the back...Wtf? yes still
Keynote was only so so. Jim Neal last year was much better. I ran into Linda Benninghove, but not others from Stevens
the main question at school today is that uhh y u cut ur hair??????*_*
Happy birthday! Hope it doesnt rain in Seattle for one day of the year!
is working all the hotties out there? You must be looking at the site www.wherethehottiesat.com to find them.
An ounce of usability is worth a pound of documentation plus instructions.
Agreed! “: Doc Rivers, , and the staff doing a phenomenal job with this team”
Sponsors interested in sponsoring Bikini Swim Club - Exclusive this year contact
THANK YOU NSAI for another year of Spring Training!!! What a great week it was! Absolutely priceless;) if u didn't go, make time next year!
right. They've been able to create this level of market exclusivity by taking advantage of the "vintage" trend.
sending my video now! :-)
I just won't some head
thx for taking the time to read my post re: Steve Jobs. I was shocked too when I started uncovering so many undisputed facts
RT : Nonprofiteers interested in livestreamed or hybrid events please get in touch anytime. Lots I can help you with. Bye...
busy doing what?!
STOP THE PRESSES. BIKE RETRIEVED. BUT YES, free tomorrow night. manicures sound great. lemme know if your school week isn't crazed
"I will have this cursed it hammer" Loki, "neigh, you will have it's thunder!" Thor.......lmao.
Tech sector rose up to Kill Bill 1 #SOPA invaders from entertainment industry. Now techies must Kill Bill 2 #CISPA -one of their own.Irony?
NBA: Daily Dime Derrick Rose returned after missing a dozen games, but it was Carmelo Anthony who stole the spotlight.
Subconsciously you may just not want 2 use yr energy on the inevitable admin minutia. Your head telling U 2 find a diff focus.
Looking for new ways to make an ebook successful..anyone? Hopefully out within a month or 3.
Back then they didn't want me. Now I'm hot they all on me. I said, back then they didn't want me. Now I'm hot they all on me.
We can't wait to have you! When will we be seeing you?
I'm so fabulous I scare myself
Editin the new video!!
#LiesIveToldMyParents Im still a virgin ; )
Nice! RT : George Clinton tweeted me=Today has been a good day. This harpist is ready for the world!
Driving through #ohio is the absolute worst!
so Doc doesn't give Igoudala any credit? Hm...Interesting
early birds gets the worms
Someone come over and help me clean my room.
That buddy benefit isn't going to work there is a lot of catching up that has to happen now.
SECOND who does homework on a friday TFOH with that.
Please remember: No open containers at #lastthursday. We’d hate to see you get dragged off into the night, and it hurts the local bars!
I now know what it's like to have a crazy stalker- annoying
Thanks for answering my ? last night about finding a great coder. So important to find people who contribute to open source!
Agreed RT Re:Hip Hop theory. I don't think there's been NEAR enough reflection on how hip hop has impacted culture.
Yes. I love me some podcamp #pcpgh The environment can be so invigorating. Great to hear your story today at
you my sissy
. pickup isn't very convenient when you get there and it isn't ready
Best song.
Do I really live in an America where every tween who ever declared her undying loyalty to Team Edward is ineligible to hold public office?
so i am going to be a grandma again. new life is wonderful.
what's green and smells like pork?
you mean missile right?
It's Friday, let's have some fun! Describe your sex life with a movie title.
Departing Nashville and our dear friends Moses, Emily, and Tilly. Next stop...uh....Kansas?!?
Stick a fork in them, they're done.
#chinese #language and #culture skills important for
LMAO. Okay, enouuugggggh. Now, how about that make up sex?
When they go down 0-3 2nite gettin swept in the 2nd round for 2yrs in a row becomes a reality
The Hunger Games (2012): Horror of children killing each other for entertainment cleaned up & served in easily digestible product. 3:5
thx and 4 giving luv! Rest of you, check that inbox
Should I Follow Weirdos :P
didnt realize u tweeted....u should really start watching it it was soo good yesterday!
the pleasure will be all mine! Glad to have your expertise along!
Congratulations to the newest addition of our board, Membership Director Dan Ackerman!
I'm thinking that we each need our own Bastille to storm.Determine to stand up and make some positive noise.
you're a dream date!!
Tonight spins at 11pm inside Krave Nightclub (Planet Hollywood)! Ask him about a free bottle!
dude e will be fine
Have a great week.
Best of all is it to preserve everything in a pure still heart and let there be for every pulse a thanksgiving, and for every breath a song
hahahaha!! :p nice
I have insomnia like a mothfkkkaa
I understand and I agree. We read it for our book group earlier this year and it was excellent!
. The #seamayor debate tomorrow is hosted by and airs at 7pm. ^jh
#sxswi "#sxsw My Sophomore Year" Here are tips that have helped me, for first year visitors & anyone feeling overwhelmed!...
- That's great news. I'm going again and I recommend highly everyone go see while its still showing in LA!
I wanna go out to eat ugh
how long are you guys gonna be there? definitely want to hang out.
Relieved to be home
have been a closet fan because, well, I'm a straight dude....but proud to admit it now with that sweet ride you have.
I was a fat girl in my past life
reunited and feels realy good so happy to have the good people back in my life
I'm sorry i'm not what you wanted.
Hoosier clip. I am officially hooked.
omg yes!! All I've ever wanted is to be able to sleep like a human and not an owl.
Oh really? thats a shame, the review seemed promising.
Alabama Capital performance t.co/3IIyPfE5
is my favorite! Love Barbara and her team
Thanks for the nicest comment EVER on my youtube page, about my justin bieber cover :)
I will be an adult in 24 hours.
I hope this is not a sign of things to come. The team I was hoping would win yesterday...lost.
long trip game of catch phrase is in my bag. 8 hours of nonstop fun!
omg me too:(
On #lxbwebinar. Making the best of your iPhone and iPad with
True true.
NEW Menus Are Up For * Happy Hour * Cocktails * Dinner * Lunch * Brunch * Take Out * www.facebook.com/blossominglotus See You There Tonight!
Hi, this is Berkeley College social media we would still like to use your Tweet in our new video project! Please message me.
C'est Parfait! RT Enjoying the spring breeze with
Could you be emotionally detached at work and not know it? Sure, if you're detached. There's a party in your head and you're not invited.
RT : Commencing countdown, engines on.. 2nite is Londata I 'data & Moshi Monsters'. :-)
2- if you have to impress a gal that much to get her to marry you, figuring out how to ask her may not be the biggest problem
That is true
We're playing in #Nashville tonight with , Little Viking, and more. Starts at 9. $5 18+
Betty White's "Off Their Rocker"
Two blown saves in a row. Crapola.
#avengers tonight!
YAAAAAAYYYY!!! CONGRATS! COME HERR :D
Inspiration or nap? RT : I was struck so hard by inspiration, I think I just lost two hours of time...
I don't think there's a single inch of this library that is not covered in students.
OK #bestactress poll: Glenn Close, Viola Davis, Rooney Mara, Meryl Streep or Michelle Williams?
Travis Clark has a girlfriend and taylex exists. holy shit am I DREAMING?!
Just bought some new monitors for the studio Genelec 1031a's cannot wait to get the beatz jackin on these :-) !!!!
Missing someone, is shit
hi pls follow me back :)
Thanks Max! It was a blast!! Ahh, so fun! :) I hope your concert was awesome! :)
So jealous! Delivery in the big conference room?
Miss my #united kids 2day
Is that flossing thing true?! I AM AN AVID FLOSSER! IMMA LIVE FOR CENTURIIIIIEEEESSE
follow me
I did follow back
the show starts at 8pm and we play 2nd. Really good bands and DJ. Let us know!
Hey - give a gift to in Jess and Skip's names & get their names on the new bldg!
thanks for the good word!!
confession: i leave my iphone on during takeoffs and landings, and wear headphones with a hoodie to conceal it.
Plz sponsor Rachelle's run 4 the Warrior Dash obstacle course on 5/19/2012 to raise $ 4 Women Build Program!...
Did you know April is National Grilled Cheese Sandwich Month? Celebrate: ttp://tinyurl.com/cf8yye.
maybe, whats the plan? I have to work tomorrow and am still recovering from being sick.
Justin wants us. Tbh.
I know! Just one big hole right through him haha
omg hey, you're cute (:
it's all Good! Loving this weather.
"Belief is a sickness, it is a virus that eats away at your critical thinking" - Dr. Phil Valentine
Want to meet up at #icsf ? Shoot me an email rumor has it I pay for coffee.
Welcome Back Backstrom. #Caps OT highlights with Our Sunday forecast from Join us for News4 at 11
For Gay Pride Month, you can purchase the Diversity Platinum Rewards card for $19.95! Use Promo Code Instinct11 www.diversityplatinum.com
hm ok I may stop by-I have an idea brewing for next first Friday. I'll run it by them if I do!
It's best to just leave it at that. There's nothing wrong with having different opinions. That's the fun of talking about them.
Or so gorgeous. RT : "Be so good that they can't ignore you." - Steve Martin
Difference between male & female swans: size. Difference between SiteSwan websites & others: Beauty...and SEO, easy editing, mobile site...
thanks love!!
Huh... Dethlahem. DND themed metal. Go on, I'm listening
your cousin is adorable!!
please say no one owns a % of you... A deep run sounds immediate in your future!!!!!!
Cute toddlers at IKEA are a dime a dozen.
Game 1 Watch Party tonight Come #Thunderup!!
Alot of beautiful women out right now.
No man or woman who tries to pursue an ideal in his or her won way is without enemies.
Another underlying theme at #womcc today: Give the audience/customer a voice.
That warm front passed through. There is a sharp temperature/humidity difference with the front.
Black friday is crazy!:)
Goin to get some pineapple kush
Make Every Moment Count 2010 Happy New Year Smiles Love & Gods Peace Always DNICOLE
Woo! Moving on to Metal Gear Solid next?
CUTEST VIDEO EVER OMG GO WATCH IT RIGHT NOW
hang in there bro. We won for you tonight.
I read one of your tweets and went to retweet it, and realized soon after that I wanted to RT all of your tweets.
Thank you for everyone that came out tonight and had fun at Qube. See everyone next Friday, Masquarade Ball | Noche de Pecados 2!!
Here's your chance to be heard, get out and vote!
a ham sandwich is what I'm eating
Merry Christmas!!! I can't wait for another big hit album. I wish it's coming soon..
Congrats! Will do. MT : My American Unhappiness" is now in stores and on-line. Purchasing would make YOU my favorite person.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Follow your passion, and success will follow you." ~Arthur Buddhold
Tomorrow ima be a whole new person
Yup, cuz the Egyptians have no problems. None at all. They make Scandinavia ashamed with their equality and democratic gov't
Aight been up long enough... Chanting in my mind "Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis when I was dead broke I could picture this"
It's a great place, isn't it? I really enjoyed your performance of Mahler 5! Was nice to meet you. Hope to hear you again soon!
Haha yeah, yeah, I know. But did you know when Pat was diagnosed w/Alzheimers 1/4 of the get-well cards came from UConn fans?
what inspired that?? And when are you getting your happy hiney to Nashville?!
G.I Ent
is that a Jehovah's Witness tract?
Good night
I did better then I expected on my test :)
Any plans to release your software on the app store?
RT Is the French Toast at the next table... Is it FLIRTING with me? Focus on your dining patron, you syrupy breakfast slut!
Jimmy, the taco loco is out of control. Gotta hit the one over the 41st bridge.
Watched Cold Blood 4 the 1st time last night & wow, yeah, Q's soundtrack was amazing.
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen.. you are a queen! <3 bri
A sun-powered robotic explorer named Juno is rocketing toward Jupiter on a fresh quest to discover the secret recipe for making planets.
biz strategy for value for OSS: dual license; prof serv/consulting; subscription based support
Dammit I really love this photo! We need to meet in the middle for pix
How you miss Me but NEVER Chilled with me ? .....
great! lets stay in touch
RT : How dare you tell me its tougher for you like I don't hear about the bitches you fucking with to.....
holy canoli - learning a lot from at #t4b presentation through Rainmaker University
Awesome! Where do you want to go?
Likewise, look forward to hanging with you again soon.
I received your email reply to audition for the Studio Talent Group Twitter general audition. I am not sure what that means? haha
yeah okay have fun with that
Just rented The Moonglows - Blue Velvet: The Ultimate Collection from the library earlier today.
It is absurdly ironic that #teacherappreciation week coincides with high-stakes testing. Can somebody please take the knife out of my back?
Good Deal: Adobe Photoshop CS5 Extended student and teacher edition just $39.80
or we gonna be bosh and rapoters till la is too old to be great anymore
naw no odor
If you find out if this is possible, can you pleae let me know?! :)
Watching this lame ass movie in economics with
Just go for it... I believe you can do it..
Do you have any midwest dates?
aw you were at that race? I was too. nice job at getting your best time!
Congrats to Dirk & the Mavs for turning down the Heat. Mavs are all class- the polar opposite of Miami.
Loving LinkedIn Today feature, but lookg fwd to when they remove redundcies. Next social innovation=cloud curation of duplicate info
Cute! Your hair is 👍!!
i know i need some
Like that moment when all the boys or girls in the group are ugly but u settle for the best looking ugly one.
Where is your favorite place to go for a run or ride your bike in Albuquerque?
Date tonight :) Seeing Avengers
Hit the pedals one , make the floor shake ~
Ordered 5000 FULL COLOR / BOTH SIDES biz card w/ UV Coated for $32.80 w/ shipping #SCORE!!
yep thanks! dude no1 is like following you... il keep trying but for some reason no one ever responds to my tweets.. ever haha
Sorry, that's not an April Fool's joke.
Sounds fantastic! RT : Fabu way to do Baltimore (w/ kids): snack , sharks , fiddlehead ferns &...
Watching Higher Learning! What a throwback!
congrats on your #socent in #pakistan article ! :)
Any plans to add Astoria, Middle Village, and other relevant outer boro areas to the project?
we shall hang tomorrow. deal?
I don't know if anyone peed but there was plenty of grossed out flinching!
where you?
Yes! RT Big idea: how about we don't have more news articles about what size breasts are "fashionable"?
wat I <3 Edward thing I got a lot
3 great NBA playoff games are on tonight and i don't have work. this is actually not a bad monday so far.
People say that it's okay to give second chances ..... i totally agree
Ha ha ha. Bless your soul. You really think you're in control? Well, I think your crazy.
I was checking out your beautiful website and stumbled on the "HUG" chair! That's perfect for lower back problems ha! :-)
... You hurt my mom! Now please go away!!! The donation to my brothers charity was a nice gesture but it would of been better if u didn't...
I commend any artist dat make it bc its hard to stand out, out of thousands of artists, get noticed and really make moves
You are the wonders of my world.
thats great. what song will u perform? <3
agree. i like her blonde as well.
Always interesting (if you like SEO): How B2B Search Engine Marketers Can Better Impact the B2B Buying Process
Remember our first performance of Seussical premiers this Friday at 7:00! Also on Saturday at the same time. $1.00 admission.
opt me out of junk mail. Those value packs dont have good coupons anyway.
listen to us tomorrow at 11am! Wes would u be interested in an on air interview? -Annalisa
I miss you more RT“: how u doing my love what's new with u I miss u”
Ever notice how so many that criticize leadership and say they would never seek promotions have all the answers.
Honestly I never heard of until the follow....but I'm DEFINITELY Fxcking wit the music..Gotta Different Sound.
I LOVE the thought of Brojs in Miami. Can we plan to go at the same time?! I should be down in June.
especially toenails. especially someone else's.
Was CNN poll taken AFTER Obama endorsed SSM or before? How else to explain CBS/NYT poll? Nothing else has changed!
great artist
Somethings been missing from the world of wine.
We do learning parties too! #dml2012 but based on #steam learning!
what do you think will be the big issues of this election? the obvious... the economy and abortion... what else?
goodmorning! Did you sleep well? (:
I'll see you there too! Woohoo! OMG~ I can't wait until next April tho. that's too long! D;
Working on some new shows and an August Tour
If you like music head over to my Reverbnation page! It is a great one stop shop for all things NJP related. Behold the Power Cosmic!
Ack, I should know that!
WORK in the morning..hate the thought of that
Alex Gonzalez / Reliable defender / but hits like Yuni
Get the best econo-lunch is SE: Mitch's All Beef Hot Dog @$1.50 + soda or Teresa's great fresh-ground brewed or pressed coffee! 79th+Foster
im following u now (: follow back ? (: and <3 ur kitty !!! :D xD
I want to personally thank #President Obama for taking a stand on gay marriage that was courageous of him and the world views are changing
Please post an American flag on your facebook page!
but that is also why I turn off notifications to my phone...
It's more like rise, roll over, check twitter, eat something, THEN grind. But to the gym I go!
Hey Wes can you send me the Junction 41 video on twitter?
I don't fuck around with my face. And fuck your opinion about that.
Feeling a bit under the weather, this new Sarasota climate must not be agreeing with me...
Okay, fuck, Means I'm gonna waste my time sleeping instead of studying. ._
it's my birthday today. It would make my life if you saw this:)
This is crazy, but here's my number. Call me if you want a list of TV shows I've watched today, maybe.
#Heat Rally From Double-Digit Deficit Behind LeBron James' 32-Point Effort To Claim 3-0 Series over
w00t! It's about time.
that sux hug my doggy ;)
i've heard its basically soft core porn for females. i want to read it lol.
*make that 2012
Yup! Walking there is 25 minutes, walking to schoolfrom Starbucks is 20. I can even sit down and rest for 10 minutes! 8D
Horace Williams of Cedar Hill: We began our cuts with worst-case scenario. Like Duncanville, we lost 2 TRE votes here.
Rail food is great! And people are so nice!... (most)
I am so happy that I am now getting paid for my youtube videos now its so aweosme
it is kristigail (at) hotmail (dot) com. Thank you! :)
#ThingsThatGirlsLike when boys dance with them
your back! We love you Keith!
Thank u to all who came by our booth at Poor Boys Midnight Mass!
Feeling good!
