Steve Novak is underrated
Which one homie?
I love when all 4 of us hang out!
I don't know if I could survive a holiday without abc family.
buying a cat is like buying a roommate that hates you
Thanks for the Intro! ------ Awesome person #1 (Leo) meet Awesome person #2 (Cara)! :
RT : Wake the fuck up & play your damn game, & Bynum!
#whatifindattractive guys who can make me laugh & smile C: my kind of guy
3D modulation-doping strategy With new design, bulk semiconductor proves it can take the heat. Thin-film process boosts bulk alloy's ther
WHAT? Not serious. what happened
Ah, Fishermans Wharf. Oh, it's just the L'Enfant Plaza Metro Station.
I dont wanna >:(
have you looked into a pell grant?
Broke the ton on the Whale this am at 34-degrees. felt damn good!
no problem man, good song!
Falling in love is like jumping off a building. Your mind says dont do it you will DIE but your heart says Just do it, I can FLY.
thats what's up bro! #GrindHard! I decided to hang up the cleats. I knew it was my time. I have a new gig so I'm straight.
out in LA
Thanks for #FF!! Hope you have a wonderful weekend:)
Hello i will teach you ...am back home tomorrow and we can come with hushtags of your choice and tweet
When my phone vibrates thinking its a text but its just a twitter notification <<<<
Will Muschamp: U Mad Bro
Thanks and crew for the #entrepreneurs meetup last night!
Just got back home playing #BF3 my shit lol :) and texting :) <3
I did it! I changed my twitter handle. I'm now Crazy = 3 twitters, so now I'm just me and Keepin it simple.
Girls love a superhero guy. So the best sex move is to cum in your hand, throw it at her and jump out the window: like Spiderman would do!
Thanks a ton for your support!
Pie chart of time spent in my life says: 38% sleeping, 25% eating, 2% yawning, and 40% waiting on Tasha. Somehow all of that is 100% correct
ok I'm gonna have nightmares now.
Sure, *now* dinosaurs are cool, but when they existed they were dreadfully unhip.
I wanna go swimming this summer. Too bad im without a pool.
#MyCelebCrushIs does count? Cz hes one of mine i have 2 justin bieber :D
Heading over to the Dallas Museum of Art tonight to listen to Colum McCann talk about writing "Let The Great World Spin"
- Registered, look fwd to another fun #TweetUpIdol. Trying to recruit a few folks like who has to check w his agent.
summer cold.
I do not mean that I am already as God wants me to be. I have not yet reached that goal, but I continue trying to reach it Philippians 3:12
PickUpLine: If it's true that we are what we eat, then I could be you by morning
Watch your mouth you filthy minded prick!
"Yalls bathroom is dirty as hell. That is ridikalus! (ridiculous)- Black girl from the gas station
thanks for the follow. I'll be back on LA tuesday. I'd like to connect with you. LMK if we can make that happen
crack heads
Save yourself some time...put a phone number on your email. Otherwise, I will be at your desk until I get answers.
PUT THIS ON ITUNES OMFGGG<3
These mobile homes are so structurally sound and energy-efficient that they could potentially increase in value.
happy bday! now go back to sleep.
People will hate you, shake you, rate you, and break you, but how strong you stand, is what makes you
would that be the Joyce Hotel?
What's to discuss? CD would be a disaster; BF can win; NF has a better chance. Disagree?
Ladies and Gentlemen: I have a BREAKING NEWS story.....well, not really hahaha.........night all.....z
The ironic thing is SF has won all season with great special teams.
That might actually be a good landing spot. 44 mil owed to him, though...and he's been a mess....
word...140 Characters ain't enough to have this deep convo man...we need another starbucks/timmies session!
Unreal how many times the Flyers pushed the net off
When I was a kid, I used to talk in front of the fan just to hear my robot voice.
taking my 9 year old son to NYC for the first time. What show should we take him to?
Austen. No one cares about pudding.
I'm having a low key day and I love it. Wish I could sit by the fireplace here in the store and work though.
Wow, this Ohio State-Wisconsin game has had quite the finish!
Happy New Year! We resume regular store hours, Monday Jan.3
then you had nothing to lose by asking her out
I haven't in nearly a year, ma.
Is it Pon Farr time already?
Giving notice-This needs to be done in a respectful and sensible way.
hii. Please follow me!(:
Thanks for helping spread the news about #ChildrensDay tomorrow!
Moment of silence for #Linsanity 's season.
Good night twittlestars. I'm not gay I promise.
I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love. ---Henry Ward Beecher
You going to event tonight, #LDAROI? I'll be there. Taking notes, of course.
WE WILL LOVE TO BE PART OF YOUR 212 UP COMING PROJECTS!!!!!!
Had a dream a had a daughter......tf is the world cmoing to?
Amazing show with
That's right everyone, ADORE ME! :-D RT #Virgo are perfectionists and love to be adored.
my itouch signs me on and off. I'm barely on oovoo. Don't go there. :|
#passivecandidates lets talk about your value in the #opensource market
Ice my wristsess' then on piss on bitches
Don’t settle with a networking group of 30-40 people that requires weekly meetings, expensive fees. Join us at www.SmartGuy.com .
including nights & weekends.
Cue the "I'm cancelling my account" empty threats.
btw hanks for the great review!!
Fundraising tips from Karen Price-Ward of : Brainstorm. File Away, Online. Align to Cause. Make Lasting Impressions
Music journalists please contact me via mail ... I have 2 shows I can't shoot ... Must b able to travel during the week PLEASE ... By plane…
Celebrity Apprent tonight?
We are having a give away on our FB page www.facebook.com/LVHCG! Las Vegas HCG can help you follow the HCG Diet and Lose 20lbs in 20 days!
Last two standing #bitchimonthesouthside wit ✌
Same as silverfish.
#WorstRapLineEver "It's soo hot up in the club, that I ain't got no shoes on"- Hurricane Chris
I'm talking to myself again...Em thinks i'm strangee.
greatly! I'll text you.
good luck on your webinar on Wednesday! If it wasn't at 2am I'd join :)
ahh. thought your profile said you were a marketing prof at southern living. maybe next week? lunch? souper jenny's?
where does it say "ban" in text of prop?
Good! NPM has a dog album on Pinterest. Right up your alley.
Ricasa is also here for #Sweetwater statutory hearing today. Attny's have gone into judge chambers.
This black metal bands sells tote bags at its merch table. The last thing I'd expect to see at a metal show. bit.ly/brHSD
The Brown Sack, goose island root beer float.
much love!!
it happened. Check the hashtag.
really? i get pork belly at whole foods all the time....
It's the summer time....that means National Geographic and Animal Planet and History Channel AL DAY
I think many Oregonians of a certain age will answer readily picking fruit or veggies on a farm; mine was picking beans.
The Belden Stratford would like to welcome aboard our new leasing agents Jill and Dima! We all look forward to working with you!
Listening to quadjacks.com for the last couple hours or so. Got a good buzz going now and still cussing the DOJ.
thanks so much...it did...looking forward to great things!
all man baby all man
I'll be there! RT : The #HungerGames opens in theaters tonight! Get the inside scoop on the film with our exclusive cast...
LOL since that last tweet, i ended up just writing a new blog post altogether. Hope you're having a great day!
You will be one of those people whose face never ages, I bet! That's lucky! :)
at work we keep an entry in our hosts files that points java.sun.com to a local server with the necessary files. Keeps us working.
Believe it or not, 's makes GREAT choc chip cookies! And 3/$1 is a nice little snack & price :+D
#spinningcliff cliff is sleeping in this am. U gotta send me some updates on terreculas
did you know? when a link is posted in twitter, hootsuite displays the link with a + next to it. preview photos & video right in your stream
ooh which one?
you would find a Sheboygan Twitter. And watch
My friend Rosa has breast cancer, she just told me. I'm sad & worried. Please send a prayers. Why does it always happen to the good ones?
It's like Espy wants to loss this game. Set Arenado home on a short pop fly to center; left Riordan in after giving up 3 runs in the 7th.
Scooping the ocean critters
I think I spoiled the Buns. Three new toys this week!<3 my #houserabbits!
Every body counting Melo out but its cool. Watch him work
10 players from IMPROV 4 KIDS here at Times Square Arts Center getting ready to do TWO shows at the same time for different school groups!
'S DO YOU PLAY EM??
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue
If Macy's doesn't have my size in this shirt tomorrow and I have to trust that a $120+ purchase will deliver on time, I'll kill myself.
On my way back to Btown for the first time by myself!
Help this new band to get up to and past 1300 followers a new and fucking amazing band at the loft poughkeepsie 9/30
I don't see one... had never occurred to me before today that this could be a problem
According to a new study, restless, moody toddlers are more likely to grow up to become problem gamblers (compared to other toddlers)
In a recent survey at a leading teaching hospital, 'over 60 per cent of medical students were found to be marijuana users.'
How is your League season going?
Game of Thrones marathon watching session.
We sent an email with details on a test build for your iOS 5 device. Thanks for testing!
#SeventhDayAdventist Never seen a Saturday morning TV show. :)
RT : Close Friends → Crush → Relationship → Heartbroken → Barely Friends → Strangers.
currently prepping for the French lesson I'm teaching at 3.30 and continuing work on my packing list for Paris.
Do not use Beatrice Sniders group... money, perpetuate, delay, money
Still don't understand why Lee Ann Rimes doesn't like video games.
"I don't know what it is about you. Maybe the way nothing matters when we’re talking, or how you make me smile more than anyone else has."
Marketing library services: "Right place. Right person. Right time."
for the glasses contest how do you know if you win??
*elbows* it's greek.
so many great ideas, time mgmt, goal setting and finding time to do it all while working full time. I am my worst enemy
That question is in the same ilk as "Why isn't Boston College OLine U anymore?"
S/O the homie
DMed ppl but their not not replying. :/ 
Best part of the fall: soup. Worst part of the fall: not having opposable thumbs.
he never checks it. right ? Cant wait!
will you be at ?
4.5 hours in and one of the teams says they have 2 minutes of music and words complete...tick tock goes the clock...
do you remember where you threw my shoes =)
for me to truly appreciate this, I have to see you on the mower!
Thanks for RT! Important legislation!
Bet u I won't fail to get another iPhone case Again!!!!?! Lol!!!! Horrible!
hahahah cute :) messes up your hair hahha
Whenever I'm at the dentist.. There's always ugly people here lmao 😁
Whats your #1 place you want to travel this year?
#IfICouldIWould bring world peace.but hey I'm not a miracle worker.
Don'pt forget to choose and pay for shipping in your hop rhizome pre-order too!
: "The more I did the more I carried. Books, houses, lovers, lives, all piled up on my back...I can lift my own weight."
"All things appear and disappear because of the concurrence of causes and conditions. Nothing ever exists entirely alone; everything is...
We think you're amazing, too!
Joy Street Studios in Somerville has some amazing artists.
bo #Broncos!!! haha
So shambly. So so so shambly.
Awesome job, Jackson band!
oh come on. 3 hits including a homer. What more do you need?
"Smashing Pumpkins." "Homer Simpson, smiling politely."
thx for awesome link such fun! loved you on #TheMentalist killer facial hair made me laugh been a fan from
Not easy. I mostly speak to ideas behind form and how I see the buildings. There can be a warmth to them.
We just learned that the White House reserved 5 seats for union members for #Barnard2012. Very classy!
I'm sorry to great that :/ hope it heals fast! c:
what's up luv
Ooc its me! Savannah! Lol Daniel asked me to cover for him for 10 minuets and i forgot to go to my other account xD
Bet that, but by time I be like "thats Day?", u b on ya way down the hill lol
Petrino had an affair with an AD employee, then hired that employee/mistress to work for him directly. No way he survives
Hey, good friend drob, thanks for the mention...come to class you can make your own pie !!! :)
I ran into a group of kids trick-or-treating last night. Cute!
Per ACTA report, there has been far less investment in instruction, compared to administration from FY'04 to FY'10.
Digital strategy: roadmap based on shared understanding built through dialogue across inst, especially board
Global Partners in Health. Nat'l: Community Health Centers. Local: Open Door Family Medical Centers.
Competition & excellence in DC design is good for all--convince's clients design is a worthwhile investment with competitive +s
great weekend with and no twitter jayne
yeeeaaaahhhh probably not since you gave me the whole plot line
Tomorrow's 10pm #SFF TheatreSports format: Make 'Em Laugh! The audience awards points to the team that chucks the most yucks. RSVP: 259-9999
Fuck you, beer commercials, for trying to tell me what's manly
We chillin watching star wars
best believe I want your "D" Haha Lmfao
Oh, so i'm invisible to you now? Cool. I've always wanted a fucking superpower.
#FF for healthier environments (via )
As a wise man once said, "I just hit my 1,000th tweet. That's 7,000 in dog tweets."
Yeah reppin 414 on MKE Day #JordanBrandCassic Watch it now on ESPN :) JP scored the first 6 of the game
#Crew96 will announce a post-match Cam'ron coming home concert after #SLC. Gonna be real.
Hahahahaha! That's awesome! U need to go! I feel like a brand new person ;)
didnt bring it with me! sowwwyyyy
Not too many drivers with a happy holiday spirit huh?
rap video being filmed it an open moving uhaul on carson
playing a countdown of beasties songs in memory of MCA seriously tore at my heartstrings :(
I'm Gonna tweet all day tomorrow so you guys better prepare:)
Safe travels!
Ant thats the reason it will never happen again! Lol
preshhhh :) i love you too, andrew :D
We will keep you updated!
#betterwithdetroit Rocked! I think Mom had more fun than kids!
learning lines for tonights filing rehearsals of Kahn Liquor
John was the better athlete.
but you must've felt something to look him up. I'm sure he has so many regrets.
Saturday, June 18th #BeautifulDisaster "The Fashion Show" ft at
That's a metric shit-ton of transportation plans!
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage."
I Wana See Battleship , Avengers , And Think Like A Man
#808Pride the world need to change help change it one step@ a time
lol love it :)
OSO is at 170th in the Pepsi Refresh campaign. Keep voting at www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff
#sun7 the young teen mum interviewed by did really well on the show and made some valuable points. Good on her!
welcome! Have an awesome weekend!
Performing tonight with at the Ottobar in Baltimore!
Heading 2 Balboa Park to meet up w/ Chris b4 the show 2nite Come out 2 Soda Bar. Chris Garneau. Mananaland. Ryan Blue. It's the shit yo! 930
yea cause Jeremy will b bck by that time :) and he can rest asqsoon as he gets home Friday night :)
Hiring Opportunities for Full/Part time #paralegal positions! For more contact Career Services 216-432-8948/
foresight at its finest
ms dawn gave such a cute speech at dance. i couldve cried
We can go no where but up, from here, my dear♥
So far the #FlopOfFame is: Every Celtic ever, LeBron, DWade & Blake Griffin. I need more names! Who else is a top flopper?
indeed! And thx for the follow !
dddaaaaam that ass so fat make a nigga studder
You should invent a camera phone feature that takes pictures while you're in deep, deep slumber.
GTG! EXam time
Kansas gave good fight but missed dunks freethrows turnovers are game killers. How many from Kentucky are going pro. Great
The girls in all these perfume commercials are stunning.
When I think of moving I'm thinking yay he's moving closer to me!!! ;) ...... Then I'm like but what about Alex and the crew?!
I got tickets for the 2013 US tour(: I can't wait for you guys to come to Chicago(:
I humbly and hungrily volunteer for 'making fun of stuff' duty.
To many margaritas. Not my fault I had a Mexicano cab driver.
Especially since their station's initial report on #MadisonPrep had THE WRONG MEETING TIME AND PLACE.
Thanks! Looking forward to a great post-game celebration March 9th! MT Congrats Comets for making it to the MISL Playoffs!!!
yea... I know the feeling! I'm the same way!
Learning one thing aday keeps the doctor away.
it's not about who's right, wrong or better. It's about having faith in something greater than ourselves.
I'm feeling a little Hispanic. New Cover Song posting today!
Problem with that guess is '99 was on ABC, yesterday was ESPN.
Lost two dear girlfriends in 2011, both 31, one to cancer and one to a really rare disease. Will the rest of my life be measured in deaths?
YUP RT so we good
LOOKING FORWARD TOITALIAN FESTIVAL THIS WEEKEND. COME AND LETS PAINT ROCHESTER RED WITH LOTS OF ITALIAN VINO! COME AND JOIN ME !!!LOTS OFFUN
To my mind, the key with Cage is to call it down the middle and not be caught up in historically informed performance, so to speak.
In Music Meeting- Surfer Blood “Swim” A lot of BIG STAR in this Rachael confesses again to being obsessed with it
half full of wine;)
So when i sleep i breathe thru my nose and when my stepdad wakes me up he holds my nose fpr me to wake up :c
I Guess . LMAO .
do you think they care? of course not. they will continue to sprout the same old anti-islamic rhetoric no matter what.
Thanks for the opportunity to provide feedback via your survey. Question 3 is vague. Who would be replacing the SS?
Ah ABC/ESPN, fresh air compared to those Deep-Fried SEC bias broadcasts on CBS.
“:Missing someone you once had is like removing a ring youve worn for a very long time. It feels like its still there but its not”
I LOVE when I see this on a food label - made in a peanut free factory!
Why must I love you so much when right now I should really hate you <//////3
Thanks for the #ff shout out!
Honcho lifestyle tip #16 - Stick with the green. Not the black or the grey or any of that other shit.
are you still comping? If so you are brilliant, your work is stellar! If you are done, I hope you are eating good food & watchin tv
Muriel - I read it and felt violent agitation
it feels amazing to work at a michelin star restaurant ! alot of hard work paied off today!
Thanks for the RT : )
not what I wanted to hear, lol...bad hair happens to often for me!
DM me your name and number and I'll call you regarding credit...
The husband knew him from their teaching together in WA. At a visit to Still's studio, he fell in love with one painting but ...
CONGRATS!! Wonderful news! So happy for you!!
Legal rules: liability for losses, termination rights, enforcement mechanisms, warranties, dispute resolution, measure of damages
“: totes rocking the ricky's-do today #obsessedalreadyOMG” it's about to be the new top knot of sf
an even better start would be waxin you in 2K12
This doctors office never seems to have their stuff together.
make moves then fag
Today will be one of the busiest days of my entire life.
WRAPUP 3-Surge in Canada condo starts fuels bubble talk
awww, nice choice! RT Bride just walked down the aisle to "blowers daughter". Where are you Damian Rice?? The world needs you!
Great to work w/
Welcome (back) to twitter!
Google sure takes a long time to de-index a website that you've completely taken offline.
Heading to the #Studio!
True that! RT : Men's best successes come after their disappointments.
Alzheimer prevention... Remote access Windows VM using a MacBook.
“: Ok what the hell was that....”lmao!!
at some point will research papers even exist anymore... won't every idea have been thought
one of the more interesting challenges facing a growing business... when to scale & how.
Not a problem I luv all Steelers fan unconditionally.
I had therefore to remove knowledge, in order to make room for belief. Kant
If ANYONE you know needs tickets for #BrewCityStompDown2012 they need to get in touch with us TODAY!!!! LIKE RIGHT NOW.
Good morning tweeter with inspiration!
Hey you. I'll be in MKE this Sunday. If you're free, I'd like to hang at Bayview Bar Sunday night.
Amazing how we're the only ones who made it to Dallas from NYC. Weather here is horrible - one big sheet of ice. Good luck getting in
I'm sorry, but I DID love the Monkees. RIP Davy, you'll be missed...
Thanks for the great info at the FICA convention. Looking forward to working with you
Ok. I think I'm mentally prepared to see Titanic again.
Neil Degrasse Tyson FTW. He just dropped a Rubik's cube on the Daily Show like you drop a mic.
I don't know who opened up this free Android Hotspot on this Deutsche Bahn train, but it's teh awesome. Produktivität!
You Can't Always Think Something By What You See On Twitter...Hoes Be Tryna Mess Shit Up
RT : dude it's eden from kansas city's birthday today () do the right thing :)
lol I plan on it!
god dammit, that's awesome!!!!!
damn bro idt i can drive that far im at my moms
Folks ask us how to connect/engage customers. We share the 1st Commandment "Know thy audience." That's how great relationships start.
I wonder what wants as a graduation present? Cash or crew juice lol
Hope u see my last question im super curious now!! ha but Good Night...DEVILS GAME Tomorrow!!
Great Neil Lane product placement at it's best. Kinda hate Courtney.
Pats Broncs are not available and either is Young...unfortunately
New seasons always bring new smells. What are some of the wonderful (or unpleasant) things you have sniffed out in your travels?
- The best line = There is something comforting about seeing a cat curled up on a chair amongst rows and rows of books.
So much for going to sleep.
talks about the programs being simple and informal. This is key. Play! Experience it on their own terms!
Three people are to blame for the Bears loss today - Jennings, Martz & Hanie! terrible game management and Jennings shoulda had 3 picks!
Seriously think I'm addicted to raspberries. Ate over a pound & a half today
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Help a stranger today, pay it forward, it will be rewarding in more than one way!!!
Ohio Gourd Society will be selling their gourd art and crafts this Sat. and Sun. 10am - 5pm in the Atrium.
#MelanieAmaro is the champ just as I said she would be. I'm glad America knows God given gifts and talents.
my computer is being SLOW!!! I can't watch it )':
Benefit for Leukemia & Lymphoma Society tonight for one of my all time radio heroes, Rhubarb Jones. Very honored to take part!
I thought it was Shirtless Saturdays?
I'm beat today.. But it's Friday and I had a long week and it's almost and it's DADDY DAUGHTER WEEKEND!! So I'm good
That was some GREAT TACKLING yesterday. Rest up.
YEA stuupid butt heads
Still out n about
Good morning. It's Friday. Any big plans for the weekend?
For doing nothing all day long, I sure am tired.
BIBLE VERSE FOR TODAY: I let the peace of God rule in my heart and I refuse to worry. Colossians 3:15
Kobe gon miss
I love you you fing rock!!!!
Headache is kicking today! But not stopping me. Today is the day to be GREAT!
I just came in my mouth. Wait, that doesn't work. Let me get back to you.
asked last night for council update on demolition of South Bay Power Plant. Looks like owner Dynegy's going bankrupt.
have no idea, but she hurts my ears, haha
It's been over a month since I wrote a song. These things just hit. My latest was done in the last 15 minutes. It's spooky distortion neat:)
So, so sad...R.I.P Whitney Houston. What a talent. My thoughts go out to her daughter & family.
At the Old Dominion Boat Club for a rock show ... and that's pretty much all there is to say. \m/
say somethin' baby don't be so shy. ((;
- Music express feelings that words cannot... :-)
Ok you're a goon, what's a goon to a gobblin
Hey #lazyweb, what's the current hotness for mifi in the US (device and provider)?
staying in San Diego this year. I'll reset my reminder for Friday! You have to tell your fam I said hi.
Long Ding and Third round punter jokes continue Yuk Yuk
Plant (Dean) and Page (Sam) from Led Zepplin again in Bedtime Stories
Book a craft party for 4 or more anytime in April, get $10 off! Party just needs to be booked in April but can be scheduled for anytime!
How many bags did your wife walk out of the store with ? :)
Robin Williams was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1990 for Awakenings. That movie made me sad.
#FF Fight for Air Climb friends
from the Wichita Tor Emergency Text: MASS DEVASTATION IS HIGHLY LIKELY MAKING THE AREA UNRECOGNIZABLE TO SURVIVORS.
Congrats to the Mavs!! Yeah we did it Baby!! <3
Carmine playing Just Dance Kids awww
Can you give me a #ShoutOut? :}
RT : thanks enjoy your tweets
My friend won't text me back
eating ice cream u?
Our most cranhammery birthday wishes to the Queen of the San Diego scene,
Let me find euphoria
the rainbow.. :)
gives the best rides to class 3 minutes before it starts...
If the San Antonio Spurs win the NBA championship, I hope makes a joint for it!
"You need to get an iPad! It can do ................. and read books" *looking horrified* "I just want to read!"
Thanks for the RT, Ellis
United Rentals Completes Acquisition of RSC Holdings
then Mac Miller- Cold Feet
Hey twits
i hope wartford leaves IU for some reason, hate that guy
I'm going back to YouTube to continue listening to Trespassing until I fall asleep. c:
but also will be technological history , e.g. history of Microsoft Word
is thrilled to see Lady Gaga speak out against Bullying at the White House! Our Foundation Helps Bullied Kids!
Interesting - Theo chocolate is named after the scientific name of the cocoa tree
I love how many people walking past the store front stop and do a double take.
haha I wanted Russell Wilson so badly but Moore is another guy I like
No more duckface in your photos!
Spontaneous streak is on tonight. Check out www.citystreak.com for details
I do think Nic Batum is just trying to gain leverage by stating he will sign with the first team that offers him a contract.
a lot of niggas did
I couldn't deal with other humans this afternoon--just had all my extrovert power sucked out somehow (not that I ever have much) so, reading
Hm, I wonder if Nadal is going to come back...
Long day at work? Head over to #Fridays for #HappyHour! $2 domestic drafts, $4 #highballs and MORE!
I wonder who got that card for her...cuz im doin bad this year.
yeah he's tall
Where the heck is my guy Joe Tessitore on FNF???? This broadcast is wack
Hey DC, Rick Santorum's at the Supreme Court right now, so if you need any women's health advice, run on over.
I heard u were doing good & you heard I'm doing better. 
MOAR CONTENT “: If you're in a panel and you spend more than 10 seconds intro'ing yourself, I wonder if you hate me. #SXSW”
Enjoy the game!
it could also be that "You're using IE9" bug too. =)
no, that's the point
thanks, you too!
thanks! I fixed things.
Off to see Kara!!! EEk!!! Then dinner with Gina(heaven!)
Yes sir.
Thanxx for the S/O :)
Can't wait for Ozzfest 2010!
#ff new aviation friends
Tried over 30 plates from the cold & hot plates, Robata grill, and sushi/sashimi/rolls from last night. Amazing! Opens Tues!
#Tebowgottradedfor a six pack of Heineken and 4 Slim Jim's
Study: Your Facebook Personality is the Real You
What is Drake really sold out?? Ugh 😒
yay #rg3...the system does work
Tell Me Why Teachers Stalk Our Facebooks Then Talk Bout Uss There So #Childish . :(
i wish i was #TeamTaken like my bestie. This is totally unfair. is Josh mad at me?
I think unless an ending is truly horrendous, it doesn't stick with you as much.
apple and intel just vowed to stop using conflict minerals 20 mins ago #freeandfair. keep pumping #SpecialEnvoy www.fallingwhistles.com
glad to see we made the cut :)
Ima have a major bangover tommoro im sore already. I went so hard in the pain i ripped my fuckin pants man..
Can't stop listening to Glee's versions of Whitney songs & Payphone by Maroon 5.
Woo-hoo!! Just had a call with the Chicago Tribune. I hope the rest of my week can live up to this awesome Monday. :-D
Catch this? : What if life is all about beautiful patterns of information interacting w/ each other in beautiful ways?
I'm going to Bamboozle but I can't see you play cause I'm 15 ugh
when people talk back to the tv ...
Debate begins on the Westside Subway. I'm told it's a packed room. Metro staff making their case for a route that would run inder BH High.
Our guest for CBS's Xfinity Monday Live :30 will be former Denver Bronco Ed McCaffrey. He will be talking with Vic about Peyton Manning...
Just interviewed Levi Aron's lawyer. He insists his client is insane. Watch at 5:30pm and I'll tell you how he thinks he'll prove that...
RT RT : "A non-writing writer is a monster courting insanity."— Franz Kafka
I'm jamming out to "Lovers & Friends". This song can never get old:)
#smash is really starting to suck.
#DASER Comfort: "elegance in science conotes ideas of simple beauty -- the opposite of elegance is brute force."
": Selena is on. I love this movie!" I'm watching it too!
Hi Jay! Have a lovely day. :)
We certainly hope so....looking forward to watching the show! :-)
cool lol i didn't realize NE was so big over here.
Think I'm going to try and punch out a blog post about this whole viral video thing today if I've got time.
thank you! We appreciate the support!
or else what? lol
Working in mobile and app design and development? Wanna work for a global footwear/apparel company? Hit me up.
Steve Hutchinson is a Titan - 3 years 16 million
Jui may get bashed for this but I love katy and firework, lame vid tho
There was a point were veryone wanted me, But I chose you, Now no one wants me, Funny isn't it.
rihanna That's right Ri..go make that money to stunt on them haters :-)
;) I will study and prepare myself, and someday my chance will come. Abraham Lincoln
How do u like your Kindle Fire?
9 puppies ready to sell. German Shepards/Golden Retriever.
#PlacesYouShouldntBreastFeed: The grocery store. They already sell milk there.
We love u Drake!
would make it worthwhile to 'blow the rent' as it were *S*
Happy Valentine's Day everyone! We hope you have a lovely day with your loved ones!
Screaming "I HAVE NO CLOTHES" at your overflowing wardrobe...
So inspired by Martin Sexton's show last night!!
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe when u ask da same shit over n over n over
..ANY FINANCIAL INFO! PROTECT YOURSELF, FEEL ME? -Stronodelarosa
Wishing you and yours a happy and safe new year!
#TaxAdviceTuesday Tax Tip for the Fancy #3: Kill. Warren. Buffett.
Suzy plz let your dad know Mr. Kenneth Barr Passed in an auto accident Mar. 16, 2012. On route 20 near Hancock Ma.
We enjoyed meeting your Raleigh partners at the Home Show on Friday!
hey I heard you were a wild one.
but what you are really saying is that you did own some #preds gear. Did you hear that ?
I absolutely love your voice!
This new year I'm going to delete facebook and get new friends sick of the people of my past
He cuts their scholly. They don't make it to senior year.
I'm still here! & got an approval for my logo design !! feelin alrite
Tim #Tebow's dog, Bronco, will be getting his name changed: "I guess we can change it to Bronx."
just sent you our new white paper on nonprofit online impact, I look forward to chatting!
Thanks! Happy to be here at !
let's see if my "to be early" resolution sticks. #lent ps. What happens in Vegas doesn't count against lent! :) have fun!
Ah! Thats the absolute worst!!! Feel better!
Follow like real talk!
about to make some mexican bbq, life is good on a rainy sunday.
#FF #Patriots working 2 correct the error; Obama, our
I don't understand the comparison. Do you mean the yowling?
Why do people keep randomly tweeting me "if Urlacher wants a ring he may have to reconsider" So random, it's like targeted spam.
I hope is at school today
still cleaning my house from top to bottom. I will take it to 6 am.
I'm sad I wasn't able to come to the LA Actors Tweetup.
2hr delay yes...
I'm a Louisville fan.
The awkward moment when you have a Facebook friend request from your parents and they ask why you haven t accepted them yet.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe you you you you you you you you you and... you
As somebody who'll benefit greatly from 's ability to teleport, I offer this whole-hearted endorsement of her proposal.
Enjoying some champagne and cookies I got at Byrd today, happy happy valentines!
there is no way I can run 26.2 on June 4!
ok guys srry i wasnt online much last night its just that ive been going to mexico everyday lately im going again today lik in an hour
You'll probably never find them and die alone, but they're out there
You know, it would have made sense to have all our forms use the same basic design and code, but no...
thanks for all your hard work guys- watching crap so others don't have to.
If in the same breath you're telling those people not to even bother trying to go there.
U.S. 101 open to travel both directions on the Astoria-Megler Bridge after early-morning fatal traffic crash
reviewing my LinkedIn contacts. I really need to remove people I haven't spoken to in years.
now that my keys have been found and order has been restored, shoutout to a fun ass shitshow cinco
Thanks Charlie Sheen. You make us all look like Mormons by comparison. M.
Today is canned food day & I'll be tipping u off to the best Fair food spots. Anybody want to share their fave?
it was AMAZING. I highly highly recommend them.
Val my dear friend would you mind if I borrowed "you ain't bout that life ™"?
I don't know about you, but I want James to come home :)
Well hello :) I'm well.. how are you?
Today is actually a good day; I have no homework, my math teacher isn't here and I have dance class later today #awesomeness :-* mwah lol
GLBTQ books by author of color.
Shoot Em Up is a pretty cool Gun-Fu movie.
uhmmm can you email me yr exam prep? That would be much appreciated and i would probably pass that class...
hello loveysssssss :D
RT - New Orleans Saints at Jacksonville Jaguars kicking off at 1:00 PM ET
The dark side. I've been working there for four months. Amazingly insightful experience.
Great interview with Ron!
enjoying the evening. full of good food cooked on the grill and watching "fellowship of the ring" with the family.
thanks for the follow
Good Morning and TY for the RT!! Today I live by choice! #Gratitude & #Serenity! #RecoveryWarriorsRock!
I guess it hard for some people not to be the spitting image of thier broken daddys
I seriously havent laughed alot & and really hard in a long time until today .
What a rebound!
UL and UK could sell out the Superdome by themselves. It's going to be crazy in New Orleans. Think Mardi Gras part 2 and 3
my mom bought me some italian salvatore ferragamo shoes. :'D
Can't wait to cop the KNICKS IVs
just won a season family pass to at #AYP2012 auction.
What is the #1 thing you think a person can do to improve as a coach?
No judgments, I'm an anthropologist too. You do what you gotta do to get the sausage made, so to speak :)
Break dancing at living social
If you look deeper you will see that love and attachment are not the same thing.
Bridgestone continues to refine and expand Run Flat tyres range - Etyres
LOL "after all these yrs". I'm still here. Just cuz I haven't RT as much doesn't mean I left. Still reading all ur updates :)
I'm being offered Peyton Hillis & Julio Jones for Steven Jackson & Anquan Boldin. Should I do it?
... Rollin' with the hommies B-Dazzle (that is now your thug name) In the Escalade!
"To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible." ~St. Thomas Aquinas
Patients we all must practice it.
when my boyfriend wakes up early to get me Starbucks ❤❤❤ >>>
great! Keep us posted! “: excited to have an event in Denver this Friday night... #trauma #denver #military ”
DJ Willie I am following you hit me up on the follow. www.allsportsshopping.com.
Have a great trip! Thanks for using MKE.
i am going to run the Carlsbad 1/2 marathon on jan 22
Teaching a VTSP Boot Camp for the next couple of days with THE Chris Romano.
Yuck. I was sick flying to SAN a couple weeks back. Took my ears about 16 hours to pop.
Yea I got a girl but yo mom can cook for me any day
Guess what dude :) !
Congrats for finishing today's Marine Corp Marathon. It was great seeing you in DC.
yea yea yea
Very cool idea. In Boise, this would have to be run by CCDC, since they are the only agency with access to TIF funds.
Thanks for the s/o... keep doing what you do!
Hemorrhoids are a pain in the ass.
Wish you could be here too. Stay tuned for updates with
KENTUCKY WILDCATS LOVE YOU!! Can I get a RT
cant wait until gifs from the performance are in tumblr! :D
I Love when i goto twitter and i have a couple new followers :D makes me feel SPECIAL c:
I miss u!
I've been cyberbullied. People kept reporting me on facebook and getting me shut down. Heck, I was bullied in kindergarten
My thoughts exactly! Smh
What's the difference between good and evil? We want to hear your voices.
happy birthday :) hope you have a great day!
Dear girl next to me..can you back off my shit? Grab some bench.
The magical/unbelievable moment when tweets.
A low moisture content and a surface that is not porous makes porcelain less prone to water absorption than other tiles.
Finally headed home..
The #recordlabel thing is getting closer! Gonna be something Artists never heard of before!
What can the SS&Si Dealer Network do for you? Call us at 866.364.0030!
Hahaha calligraphy was way harder than I thought!
According to , live on the scene, there's a Georgetown Cupcakes being built in Boston.
Three simple steps to financial success - Globe and Mail
Of course we've noticed. And the feeling is mutual.
: Yankees Win, OH YEAH! :) --its the mariners, whaddya expect??
best twitter account going right now
“: Lundqvist vs Brodeur - who's going to blink first?” Neither..they don't have eyes
Does my link for legislation work?
Enter to win the Great Milwaukee Family Getaway from ! Worth more than $1,300 (Includes admission The Domes!)...
wearing fishnets with shorts?
Yes, I'm a girl. Yes, I watch football and yes, I yell & scream at the TV as if the coaches & players can hear me. Let's go Jets!!!
At the Apple Store; love it!!!
not yet! But I'm going to!
the fitness center is open to guests staying at the hotel, we also offer discounts at Turner Athletic Club and CNN Center.
What do cows do for entertainment? They rent moovies !
Great times with my family. #ilovethem <3
9+ MC is 14. Some vocab will be a stretch for 3rd, but the humor will pull them through.
Got a program that will help improve the health of Lake Michigan? You've got less than a wk 2 write it up & send it in...ow.ly/a3Nuq
At Community Dialogue on anti-violence The community is
We like to eat too!
The fact that I can actually go out there n get a decent job with. Y degree n actually make enough money to support myself but I choose to
if you need/want a Toledo guide or primer, let me know! I'm free tonight and tomorrow.
In the observatory with and #Emily cross that off my bucket list !
I want to have sex in mid air like dragon flies! It seems so fun!
Dear bands: I'm not gonna read your automated booking emails. If you can't be bothered to write it out, I'm not bothering either.
Joe, I'll be around the expo area for a lot of the day. Give me a shout via DM or something when you're around
Beyond stressed
Scared out of my mind...
Is it me or does every day seem like incredible news .. that just gets worse and worse.
did you not see itafalsdkjfa
Very moving & inspiring talk about #anthonyshadid today by David Hoffman
His blue/green eyes get me everytime<3
hey lys, haha It depends! Shoot.
"meat wagon" has got to be the most unappealing tag line ever
headed to Rorschach's Northern Annex
Dirty shoes a budweiser tall boy a bag of crickets sweaty balls and a rad new single by th dream in my head. Summer I luuvv youu
Can I Get A 3some?
Fine . #NW FOLLOW HIM ! Lol happy ?
nobody wants to be the face of golf.
Exactly. They're only about 15 years late on this move.
When people play with my hair I'm like ----> -.o
love you bro bro!(:
Lunch with my boo, got picked up by my boo
NEW EVENTS: Friday July 31st: Rafael Picon Art Gallery Opening, Saturday August 1st: Hazakim
Bout to sleep too good.. Lol again
there's a boy I know, he's the one I dream of, looks into my eyes takes me to the clouds above
Family party at Scotland Yard Pub right now in honor of the deployment of an Army Ranger, w/ pregnant wife. Amazing peeps.
Thanks for all those following, and the support!
homemade nut mylks are the best
Manning: "Tebow? That kid ain't got shit" Well, he didn't really say that, but we all know Elway wishes he could.
OMG I JUST DIED INSIDE.
One of our former students just brought her baby in for a visit & overloaded us with cuteness! Now we just need some puppies.
You're a bunch of drunk, pathetic 'cool kids' and I'm growing up
And when I say that I mean rep my swag lol.
I don't know how people do it. I would pass out if I was sentenced to 1 minute of jail time
Super lame for going to sleep so early @ #SXSW but exhausted due to 3:30am wakeup this morning...
Be strong, Be smart, Be willing, Be positive, Be grateful, and most of all Be happy! Live your dreams, follow us, tweet us to find out more!
#FF My guides to the Puyallup fair - :)
If you don't understand the term "allowance" and how it can be used to mislead you, the chances of paying too much for remodeling go way up
Looking forward to it!
If we don't feel love with our heart, then how come that's where it hurts when someone doesn't love you back?
"The King of Comedy" with Deniro.... what a great gem...
HA! I new you would makes a twitter;))
‘We Bought A Zoo ’ Star Scarlett Johansson ’s Sexiest Looks (PHOTOS) Scarlett Johansson never ceases to amaze! The actress ’ la
Alright! Hey now! Mizzou take a bow! Step back.. Show-Me where it's at! MIZ-ZOU!
Toast, coffee, and My favorite way to start the day.
shout to >>>> is too funny
If I had a star for every scar you tattooed on my heart I could fill up the Oklahoma sky.
who honestly likes my username? like haha I dunno
i followed want me to DM you my number? lol
RT if you love Austin and Alex's bromance.<3
Dude, just because a girl is pissed off, doesn't mean she's on her period. you might just be a complete asshole.
Ohio University was one of the very few good things about this tournament. Now it's so boring
My boys broke through in the bottom of the 8th. Tweeting from AT&T Park.
thanks for saying you will always be at my service
I'm still taking the Lakers...
If you could get a scannable coupon on your phone what kinds of offers would you want to see?
The Blessing: the convent of God to remove the curse, the power of God to be successful.
I'm the one who makes you laugh when you know you're about to cry
RT : On May 29th the first event will take place at The Stage, if you are interested in participating go to...
#Earthquake! #Aftershock, whatever.
Watch , at 4:20 on 4/20, somebody gona tweet that . #SitYoAssDown You know you don't even smoke !
Thanks for the props!
I GUESS CHILD YHU GOT ANGEL NUMBER CAUSE I WANTED TO GO TO HER HOUSE DIS WEEKEND BUT NE WAYS ALL THREE OF US NEED TO LINK UP
spending the afternoon at the Oakland School of the Arts
Just finished the Godfather novel. Now to watch the film in a completely new light
Whats Good Tweet World....IM BACK!!
Welcome to the lamestream media, Woof.
haha I already downloaded it too!
Going for a run!!
I'd agree. If there were million dollar plans, everyone would just follow them. People are the way. Cheers.
i got faith in the rest of the cuse squad, their gonna be motivated,
but instead i choose to keep it all to myself by drawing and playing music.
Debating pros & cons: cute kitty goodness vs. potential damage to high-end printing equipment during shedding season...
thanks for all the #FF love!
what was the most awesome stocking stuffer you found?
yeah yeah... I'll still be taller than all of y'all.
!!!!! RT Pain shouldn't stop your praise...that is very true
Just left the dentist.....I can't feel my face!!!:(
some woman always need make up
Happy Friday people!!!! Going to be spending with my fav daughter in the rain....
Yea, that doesn't surprise me anymore lol. Happens all the time! :-)
How, oh how, did I miss World Zombie Day?? Because I have no brains..get it? Ugh.
Super late start to
FYI: When grantees list books or articles on our website, we ask them to reference the Worldcat website entry for their work.
Giving people the 'Maddie Nichols' face when they insult you.
no problem :)
try it out && tell me if you like it?
i agree. i'm addicted to both of those shows
I wanna puke!
Boney Baby Jones
#DidChuKno that when you fan yourself with a book/folder/ect. , it auctually produces heat
can't decide if it's going to be socks or fingerless mitts. Socks would feel luxurious but perhaps wear out too soon.
Haunted house bitches :P
ah, still very impressive. Well done!
We up n Ready!! Smash on the gas and don't let up!!!
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I ended up where I needed to be - Douglas Adams
I want a sitar now.
First of year birds spotted today, buffleheads, great blue heron, great egret. Also saw a red-shouldered hawk last week.
Oh crap, would you know I work that day? Maybe I can get someone to switch with me.
Natural Health Remedies for Scars: This is a guest post by Brentt Taylor in which he speaks about the natural remedies that help to g...
Its a beautiful winter day today!!!! Feels like summer...xx
need moire followers BEAUTIFUL people of this world :D
I just followed them=) xoxo
Another reason not to vote Republican: "George W. Bush: 'I'm for Mitt Romney'"
“: Sometimes Thursday football feels like Sunday football that was taken out of the oven too early.”.
There is only one happiness in life----to love and be loved <3
Bread and butter, devoid of charm in the drawing-room, is ambrosia eating under a tree. ~Elizabeth Russell
#CRM30 will be moderated by reporter -- looking forward to a good chat at
Fairey is the most 'revolutionary' street artist ever. NOT. Money, money, money = Deitch.
but be who u want to be!!! Be cool! Be funny! Be happy! But just always., Be yourself !!
Yup...although at points made it sound like gender is "just" body parts.
I'm tired so let me be broken
The fact that in my coach's end of the year email he offered his place to crash at after "a hard night in Boston"... gonna miss my team! <3
I am just practicing for my golden years. :-)
I'm sure Thomas Jefferson is ok with same sex marriage. I live 1 mile from Monticello and I know.
haha when I was a kid I saw Jezebel in the Bible and demanded that my mom explain why such a lovely name wasn't used.
Dear Royce, posing in a black lace bra & jeans is not a good look. If I knew you in real life I assure you that I would be just as honest.
#scms12 new humanities post docs should not be cheap adjuncts
Beautiful morning!
Stoked to see Thrice before they go on hiatus in June at the !
When I'm right, I'm right and when I'm wrong I could've been right so I'm still right cause I could've been wrong
LOVE!!!! I want to do something beautiful like that <3
yeah well i just found out it will take a minute.haha
they are "old" mountains. As opposed to those young, upstart Rockies.
sometimes i wish i was canadian
hahaha me too. I'm Conceited and I don't care who knows it... I need a nice boy. Or just a really hot one...
Where has been????
Thanks. I'll be stopping by for one in the morning.
Apparently the Twitter gods have made it forbidden to follow
Finally saw Fire in Babylon doc on West Indies cricket with lovely, talented & tasteful Very cool movie-you should see it!
Hope all have had a good day. Still looking for some assistance in getting off the ground. Any VC's or Investor questions welcomed.
If you won't say it on the streets then don't say it in your tweets..
red red wine you make me feel so fine...
When women go wrong, men go right after them.
Fear (False. Evidence. Appearing. Real) If anything the anxiety of it will push you through it! wishing you the best of luck!
The world needs more music right now.
Jim Bishop~ The future is an opaque mirror. Anyone who tries to look into it sees nothing but the dim outlines of an old and worried face.
C'mon Skins, today's the day you remain in first place
thank you so much abby!!💙💜
That sucks. And I know there are ways, I just don't have access to them.
Perkins dirty for that lol...
Happy Easter! How is the media event looking?
I like your prof pic
Ooh wee y'all is going to be there tonight. Best believe ima tap DAT azz... Lmao jkjk... But really... Maybe.
Beers on me next time you're at Piper's, boo.
It's not editorializing. We're not the ones raising the issue. Members of the community have multiple times.
Working up some artist confessionals for our favorite ppl at +VP
love you all!
If your heart and mind are leading you in certain direction, keep going and don't give up. !!
Well, that's just scientific hooliganism.
Calling all FASHION & BEAUTY BLOGGERS! We have an opportunty to join the editorial team for a celebrity stylist. Contact us for more info.
If you guys find anything, that would be cool. wants to play and it would be nifty if you guys got in on it :)
awww lucky!!! i have til next thursday for summer :P
aaha yeah & night
If my dreams would come true ...
Come-on man, coffee. You forgot about the donut!
is taking & for a walk so I can rest. On their way out Eli gave me a high5, a fist bump & shouted 'Yee-haw!'
Punjab Indian Restaurant - French Wine Special, ONLY $3 a Glass!
thanks 4 the followback! if you need sharpening or some new hotness, call text or tweet! new store will b up soon! yay!-Pete
I love how & i always talk about and every damn day julie & i talk about the most weirdest things
Crying my eyes out. Puck, omg.
straight up!
RT : #mesagetomyex the sex was A L R I G H T, I had better sex with myself :) *thats cold!! But funny none the less*
I'll tell you how the sun rose,--/A ribbon at a time.
It was for today's show, which is now over. I'd love to exchange contact details for future interviews if you like
you're a die hard fan....u don't count lol
The wheather man told me it was going to rain today, so I walk outside in a Bill Cosby sweater and a scarf...it's HOT!
Hi Lauren, thanks for following us. Your husband is a big star. :-)
nevermind I got it to work. thank you :)
Run generators outside, away from doors, windows and vents! Generator exhaust is toxic and contains deadly carbon monoxide!
seriously woman put a pic!!! :p no one follows eggs :p i was told this from the beginning
Okay, #Brewers, let's score some run for the Greink-meister!
this package that this spa had to go and spend a few hours for message, manicure, pedicure and shit
Well It certainly can't hurt.... Much ..:-)
thank you ma big bro. Good looking out. I'll report back next week. How bout that pic mi hermano put on FB last nite
TK Do you know that your soo sexy?? Lol ... I say this all the time I Love Your Eyes
Last week of school :D
2 days ago we had 495 followers and 2day we are at 535!!! Yay!!! keep the love coming & book a gdine experience today!!!
...i have never met them.. but they have influenced me in every way growing up, i hope to be just as sucessful and amzing as them one day <3
Tahoe in June here I come! Boating, rock diving, kayaking, mountain biking. Wet woodys special rum smoothies.
Time is always working against me whether I know it or not
we are not however we are on soundcloud!
I just saw a girl step out of a car and execute a full-body pavement faceplant, knocking her unconscious. Happy Cinco de Mayo?
I don't promote violence but a woman must stay in her place don't step in his face from a mother of 2 young men
Mobile marketing: targeting by exact location is not as easy as ppl think & not as effective. Zip codes smarter. via
what position did you play when you played soccer? I play goalie! :D
Who's a big book reviewing expert in my network? Ping me - got a hot book for you. Tx.
Thanks, Tripp! MT At local PR conference-showed how United Way's Gary Dollar knows messaging-always talking how UW helps people
I know dallas has played better as of late but i'm ready for this season to end already
One tweet about looking at real estate and five brokers follow you.
So u guys free 4 next Sat??? let me know as soon as possible~!!.
So sadly true. Was keeping a close eye on the iPhone battery, hoping to be marginally distracted by podcasts for the duration.
Tigers outfielder Delmon Young was arrested in NY last night for a hate crime. It had something to do with anti-semetic remarks and alcohol.
Accidentally grabbed the powdered garlic instead of the powdered ginger -- and my oatmeal tastes... well, not bad, actually. Weird.
Cfa gift cards make great stocking stuffers. Stop by and pick yours up today, you only have 3 days until Christmas!!
my account keeps dming people saying "someone is saying bad romurs about you'' i changed my password and deleted them but they cam
Bahahaha. "She gave you The Nod!!" - She's The Man :D
I wish people would just say "bad music is bad" without bashing people who go to college or like playing straight-8ths tunes.
I know your going to best singer best role model out thier
Instead of thinking of it as #stalking think of it as
new york i wanna see what you'll do there
I thought someone was getting beat outside my patio this morning, just the coach of the woman's rowing team waking me up. Good morning!
Time for more water. Go get it.
Obama is selling USA sovereignty to highest bidder, Wake the hell up people!
what a sweet post: ) he is gorgeous!
11 mins left in the Second and still no score. Two Bulls goals have been disallowed.
I LOVE U GUYS SO MUCH MORE THAN ANYONE OR ANYTHING WITH ALL MY HEART. <3
Ugh, I want it to be warped already. 😲
where were you yesterday?
Sandeep Kishore #TEDMED: committed to equity preventing and treating NON-communicable disease NCDs. social justice issue & curriculum chge
Seriously. Especially for a six-pack of beer, which comes with a convenient handle. Hello?
I believe you are right on with your football playoff predictions!!!
idfk . but the past few days ive been having headaches and short term memorie loss
Does anyone know any Farmers or Allstate agents in the Denver metro area? Any insurance reps out there??
I have provided the fully functional source code, which is self-explanatory.
Go to class and get detention or don't go to class and don't learn the shit on finals.
Thank you for the inclusion, I appreciate it.
At the corner of Kenyon & Mt. Pleasant w/ & projecting on to the burnt building
Oh how I wish that was me
thats great, that always starts the day off right
Well then yes lol
The True Story of the Three Little Pigs by Jon Scieszka: Persuasive Wolf Sways Public Opinion?
...readerpuss wrecks..ok, too silly, time for bed
Sometimes people build walls not to block others out of their life but to see who cares enough to break through the wall.
Just discovered $3.90 tickets on Garden Gnome Night? Yes, please.
Most communications plans are just lists of tactics starting with the phrase "We need a [brochure, website, FB page, etc.]" How about yours?
way back in 94 after serving in the Navy, but could not get a job... : ( currently I work for LIHEAP but looking for more
LOL! RT: : Pres., in unscripted remark, joked he's no good at doing odd jobs around the house. Fortunately, "I'm in a ren ...
We want every artist to understand their strengths and weaknesses!
I do want it! But Bayleigh doesn't get along with other dogs very well :(
Five days into December, Chicago is still super comfy. Maybe this hoodie weather will last into January. Go global warming.
commited suicide due to the side effexts steroids has on your brain. weed = no deaths. if u think steroids
RT : If u had a summer w/ Dwight Howard what would u do? (Tell him he's the best, but he needs 2 get more serious)
#PPL think numbers mean something on tweefer and it dont mean shit. ALL WE CARE ABOUT IS GETTING OUR POST READ ON MEDIA OUTLETS.
": I wish I could trade my heart for another liver... so I could drink more, and care less."<<<I think we are soul-mates?
got it from Etsy. Ask her for more details
The fellas at The Grove have got jokes! Made some new friends with !
Apparently I am unable to resist an Iron Man arc light that attaches to your shirt. This year's Halloween costume: done.
"if you're lucky enough to be different from everybody else,don't change to be the same" - Taylor Swift
HALF OFF Admission when you bring a new, unwrapped toy for Toys for Tots (through December 18th)!
It is not to late to order client or employee holiday gifts... spread the word...
It Feels #TooEarly for a #goodmorning tweet. A good ole 37 degrees.
..Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure.Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.-Helen Keller via Ken Pope
CHIP KELLY
lean legs pyramid!
Good morning Xeni. Hope you are doing well. I know it's difficult to feel well sometimes but, I wish you all the best. Take care.
Business page that works as a window display, that they can change. The Mall allows the customers to have an avenue to specific products.
Definitely wishing I was partying my ass of right now with all my friends.... Can't wait for all this to be over
Great! We have time to go on It's A Small World 20 times, get sick, then lose our lunch on Thunder Mountain. Ah the magic of Disney!
Looking for #advertising and #marketing resolutions? Might we suggest a refresher on out-of-home #media? www.emcoutdoor.com
82 Championship #Cowboys vs #49ers. Ronnie Lott called for bogus pass interference setting up Cowboys go ahead TD. Crowd chants BS! Haha
Why is sal's pizza closed before midnight on a weekend?
“: you forgot something ” we laughed until we cried
safe travels and best of luck. if u get hungry in miami, stop at jimmys dinner on 125th. its like 5 minutes off i95.
Proud to have a few real friends than a bunch of fake ones like most of you bitches! 
Come and try our Delicious Timber Joey milkshake or smoothie...where at the Hawthorne BV.
Nice job and on presenting at the #emac capstone presentations!
#nationalhonestyday ask me anything and I mean anything :)
I just left, I was at beer garden then cvp
It was another volatile day in mortgage-land. But this time volatility worked out in our favor. We erased yesterday's loan pricing losses!
2009-2011: 88% of national income growth was corporate profits. 1% in wages. (& is a socialist destroying business/capitalism.)
Coaches come join for free today find the player you are looking for no cost
Choco-chip waffles in bed
Apparently the bank across the street got robbed.
is it time to start planning THATcampVA2011, yet? How about now?
maybe next time?
Lane, you PIMP!
ABC To Go Dancing With the ALL-Stars???
Twitter is like the best therapist!
My fave reference question ever (same vein) at Beatley was "Where can I find a green shirt?"
MURFC suffered another close lose, this time at the hands of UW-Lacrosse. Two more games left in the Fall 2011 Season.
You Can Make Money Online Companies Are Giving Away Free Cash For Some Of Your Time.
No no no. I wasn't insulting you... I was describing you.
it is a deep bright red if you bleach your hair enough and keep the color as long as you can. even u can keep it overnight.
Causally just saw a guy walking by the fountain with a piñata
:O i love it! But than again i like anything she releases!
Identity crisis resolved. New York!!!!
that moment when ur watching tv and when you hear masterpiece it sounds like masturbate .... xD
whats the song called??
That moment u get a pair of new boots n u just feel the knew leather :)
Not worried, I promise!
we will be talking about jails/prisons soon and why this is necessary
YoMomma is just like Twitter.......Open To The Public
Up at 5:00am for train to Tarrytown for #mic09. Thought I'd sleepwalk through my 9:45 talk but is keynoting and I'm WIDE AWAKE
Wish I could make it! RT Broadway Fit is FREE Friday, 9/23! @ 11:45am. Work out to a Broadway Beat!
thanks for the follow -- loving the combo of what you are: #socent + chef + linguist + tech. Very cool
Going to pick-up my new iPhone 4S today. 4 years since my iPhone 3G. Time 2 step up ...and this one talks back! Wait. Is that a good thing?
[c] Saying stuff like 'If he doesnt know or not I need to call the shots' And more stuff... It had me having tears in my eyes. I didnt [c]
having dinner at Joe's Crab Shack with the attendees who wanted some extra marketing coaching
These muffins are the best things I've ever ate.. Oh my..
Need a human lung model for your office, practice, or classroom? Get ours today for 20% off with code "Twitter3100": http://:dld.bz/peq7
New Orleans Jazz Fest: 'Ain't no funk like Louisiana funk!' - USA TODAY
I was just warming up
what's going on with them? hurting?
get it!
March madness....I still don't understand why the office basically shuts down to watch Memphis vs Cal St Northridge....
I think its funny when I hear peoples bones pop xD
I guess "N.C.I.S." is the Baby Boomers "Matlock".
lol Marshall I was going to call him a dumb racist, but don't worry he'll get his one day haha
Shakes the Clown In My Pants
Sex Goddess!!!
Not sure what was more impressive in slow motion: Oosthuizen's double eagle or the badly missed high-five between him and his caddie
Randy should go home before the rose ceremony. I'm already over him.
it was me. Lol jk. I'm 900 miles away. Nearly impossible
so do i lmao
I'm so good with the camera, we won't need the airbrush (that much).
When you choose to love as God loves, it will never be safe....but it will set you free - Janet Larson
don't you have a boyfriend
Hopefully I do well in the dodgeball tournament especially after the incident last time😁
DEMI U ROCK
Playoffs start tonight. Go #Blackhawks!
I tried to watch Justified last night but the man I was haunting turned it off halfway through the program. Don't tell me what happened.
My boss took my phone and didn't give it back...
Very tilted at Ramos's botch. Thought there was no way in hell they could get him, until Harper fired an absolute missile.
I can NOT believe it's March already! My mind is still in January.
Painted my nails white .
O' Natural Caramels with toasted pecans! #new recipes every day! #caramel #dates #healthy #snack #desserts #date recipes with pecans
Miami Florida schedule your tree braids appointment now and Charlotte North Carolina www.hairgynesis.com
very cool have a wonderful holiday
You don't need makeup. Your naturally gorgeous <3
How a Solid Inbound Marketing Vision Can Help Your Website Redesign in 2010
I love going shopping for shoes
Time to go turn on & do my workout! :-)
Haha "if there was weightclasses in swimming, I would have gone to the olympics - "
but that's all the way in Canada
love it
I pulled back from twitter, music, & a few other things...I had to get rid of some worthless people & now I'm back like I never left.
San Miguel Fire District votes 4-3 to contract out fire services to Cal Fire
The line was working, UNTIL we said that we were on a lot if drugs and a lesbian date?
Is this your signature meal?
hopefully da madness is coming over to your old friends :)
Note to self: Don't accidentally run "mate ~"
RT : rt and follow us for all your t-shirt, and advertising printing needs!!!
RT : Good morning - please take me to disney. Thank you!
French and Science :D dont worry bro my science teacher loves me
I think I'm almost done preparing my presentation. I think... I think...almost there...little more...
There is an open bibliographic data movement. 2 types of data: library catalog, scholarly paper.
Drunk and it's only 4:48
#MySuperPower would be to never have to buy gas AGAIN!!!
God is especially faithful to those who are faithful to Him!And we can always count on Him,though others may fail us.He never will!<3
Ready to revamp
Party ! It is another nice way for us to be friendly. :)
Live Free or Die Hard on FX
the big help award honoree <3
I've stopped looking both ways before crossing b/c I don't really care if I successfully make it across anymore.
got this new song off #elevatormusic that I know Quitta Liggins gone love
"Daddy, am I going to go to 'Rock & Roll High School?'" My daughter just heard The Ramones on the radio, and she digs 'em.
White russians all night
Francisco-Revilla: my students have used Kinect and had to create their own gestures. What makes a specific gesture a gesture?
My foot.
Happy(choose all that apply): #CincodeMayo, #KentuckyDerby Day, #Talladega Race Weekend! Going to be interesting.
are you coming to in #atlanta? I'll be there
aww i'm glad you're having fun <3 <3
They had the best team this year, to bad Melo screwed it up!
Follow me on what ever social network yall use now......
God if you could get me through tonight without cursing out a couple of these patrons -__-
happy birthday to the awesome queen of awesomeness :)
Ahh only 2 more days til I'm basking in the sun on vacation! Can't wait to see all my FL friends & celebrate the marriage of 2 of them
Heading to the start line of the marathon!
Cry if you want to, but i cant stay to watch you. Thats the wrong thing to do. Talk if you need to but I can't stay to hear you.
True! It's easy to get an idea and then be making a crazy deadline. "I'll query this in 3 months!"
Behind my house, in front of my house... What is going on???
you were awesome today at ! Loved hearing your story
Thanks Kim!
Chick-Fil-A is awesome. Period. Irrefutable proof of a simple tasty delight done right. M. Thanks San Diego Chick-Fil-A!!
": I'm lost, does Blue Tooth mean "hands-free driving" or "I look like a complete douche bag while driving" ?"
Your not alone.... -_____- RT: Ugh.. 4 hour test tomorrow..
We've been quite quiet recently, but we're cooking up some new things! Thanks for staying with us and supporting us!
you gonna give any updates for game 2?
That would be awesome ": BRO!!! RT I would like to see Kobe drop dead tonight"
ModernTouch dance parties
A kind critique is also about what is NOT said. If a listener doesn't say the SONG was HOT, stop pushing him/her for more
chips & queso > cranberries or sweet potatoes.
Freshly picked mangoes are the best! (Our owner loves visiting his in-laws on Hawaii because they have a mango tree)
hopefully there's no need to clean.
thursday night TV finally!!!!
Who should view?Anyone wanting to learn how a the practical aspects of growing a successful business in an easy-to-understand format
But that's a cat + octopus. Of course it breaks the rules.
Smart timeout.
On lunch... Eatting m.k.d
:) RT : How does know how to make my coffee exactly right?
Movie later?
haha, why is that? so you don't make all of the stupid mistakes that I have? that might actually be a good idea.
“: wish I could be there, kill it tonight” Will do
All this rain!! What is your favorite warm drink on a cold day?
Oh man, do I understand that!
so proud!
I mean literary conferences, not sff conventions. But got it. What kind of material is it, if I may ask?
9mil a year is A LOT for an unknown product. I want to see if he can sustain this. Once P get a scouting report
All my Mexican friends have hot sexy sisters. Lol!
I had a pitcher of Sam Adams last night. That was a smart decision.
Reduced SHORT $USDCHF for +15 pips profit; 6% of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 80% SHORT
Just got back from the lakes, Indiana's wonderful Tippy. The lake is beautiful, but now back to building awesome websites for my customers!
Money cant buy happiness.. but somehow, its more comfortable to cry in a BMW than on a bicycle.
there are some oddities in how the GeoCommons UI uses the Geocoder engine that we're improving.
Dance Until Tomorrow ♥
Your life is so easy.
you need to call me like asap
NICE! So what is it that you do for work?
Also add "doing requirements' to your bio. Thanks for developing a great curriculum for UW staff.
I love The Vampire Diaries
okay so lunch at Brasserie 1010 was good, but our service was terrible! definitely avoiding that waitress next time.
Oh you know, a little pinot made by a familiar winery called Domaine Serene, '07 Evenstad Reserve ;)
*1500 wow I feel like an idiot.
I have spicy Thai soup. Same difference, right?
RIP Gary Carter. Condolences to his family.
A humble start with #Google. We're now listed as no. 17 and 45 for "Exchange Migration Services". Welcome to #Siberia, comrade.
2night the place 2 be is No Cover. Great drink special. Dj Mystik video mixing. Peter Blue hosting the party. Dnt miss out!!!
Just saw a Fiat on the highway and J-Lo wasn't behind the wheel. #disappointed. Also didn't realize they were real
hahahaha how was your "smoothie"? (;
Hmm. Definitely has certain connotations. Thinking of the use of the basement space in That 70s Show & Wayne's World...
thanks! RT: Good luck!
Today, 2pm, tour in Spanish Increasing awareness in Hispanic community.LIVESTRONG at the YMCA - free 12wk class for survivors
Square box head ass jit
Short ribs and beer
excited for the shortest and smallest st.patty's day parade this friday we will be there.... dressed in green!!! :)
Can't wait for #ThePitch! Premiers tomorrow on #AMC! "Do you want to win?" Watch it or miss out!
I must be doing something right.
yes any form of ID will work. Birth Certificate, drivers license, school ID (high school or college), state issued ID card, ect
We have added two more dynamic ip pptp/l2tp/sstp servers in New York
Tomorrow is going to be a good day
Thanks. My own design.
Thanks a ton to for not one but TWO pairs of emergency contact lenses, I really appreciate it!
“: I need a new Dj!!" let Meek know he should work with
I'm not laughin :p
Then back away from the dinner table mofo, lol! What's good Fam, Happy New Year!
Free throws are free!!!!!!!
shady 45 has me cracking up w white people wed lol
"What'd you all think of Pink Champagne?? Yeah"💗#Champagne #Quote of the day.
You ladies certainly are chatty tonight. My phone was dinging every 2 secs! xoxo
#ICSC will be offering 13 Special Industry Groups (SIGs) at #RECon12. Whatever your interest,
I'm excited! 6am, be there ;D
Heat forward LeBron James scored 32 points with 15 rebounds. Guard Dwyane Wade scored 29 points against the Pacers in Game 1.
Trying to gain an understanding of why some small businesses and professional organizations don't patronize other small businesses...
i miss so much
Yes. This young artist is making unforgettable images.
“The real measure of your wealth is how much you’d be worth if you lost all your money.” -Unknown
thanks! Maybe next time we'll meet!
Let me guess.. Your gonna go to OG
didn't take them long to knock the new paint off the walls
IF this is "greatest financial crisis since the GreatDepression," THEN this must be Depression in and of itself. Economic Recovery is a sham
There will be Mobile Learning Experience 2013in spring in Phoenix. We're working on the dates and hope you can join us!
Another carjacking at Wheaton Mall. Had anyone seen ? I warned him. He said they have great deals though.
that's ty's team?
