I am not sure the dudes were targeting you there, I think it was the 8,000 AAC apps out there and the media's take on it
#TtW12 #c3 FB lives in perceptual presence - no archive. What are your views on the FB timeline?
“: Does smoking weed help migraines?” fuck yes
Question is why? Really just a rest day?
per-race parties for carbo loading for marathons. Post race only for ultras. :)
Nothing about the demographics of the MU poll in your piece. You know, stuff even TV covers. Twitter is more information.
You know the words. So sing along for me, baby.
What a game 49ers Saints!
Here's to the girls that do smoke weed
Ha! Yes, #IM703TX. Been tweeting too many things from watching Oceanside!
Woot! website nearly ready for launch, wordpress installed and brownies baked. Twas a successful day!
I will not be discouraged by Haters...i will keep working hard daily on my music...and I will see my dream into reality!!!!
What was amazing? Lol I'm so confused... And not watching abdc so ya...
Had a good convo with from this afternoon - good stuff.
Tyler Perry movies feed into so many Black stereotypes
How do you use twitter? Can it generate business? I use it as a design resource, but it seems to have some interesting possibilities.
Both northbound and southbound Martin Luther King Blvd is open now.
Have a good night. Love your new pic!!
smoke something!
Kesha is the music equivalent of that feeling you get when you walk barefoot in the restroom of a public pool.
all them ghetto tunes were knocked out that way. I haven't heard it yet.. but...
too many big words: Revenue, Stream, Debt. let's make fun of sumthin!
Happy anniversary to my beautiful wife of 11 years!!!
Another paranormal activities ... The first 3 where bad enough .
Data center here in the Philippines is going fantastic. Great call center and great people!
hit me up anytime girl(:
all the small updates adding up to a much slicker overall experience - more impressed the more i use it
Get at me if you make beats!
Ugh I wish I could fall asleep early
T.I is funny lml ;p
I'm starting a blog for women on how to live cheap and good in the hood
I am effin' excited to party with my BOOZE tomorrow night!
Florida, here I come!
ifttt.com is my new favorite thing ever.
My boyfriend >>> <3
yes, definitely! I use it for the catalogs, too. So much easier than print and everything is in one place.
Another I heart NY moment: John Denver's "Country Roads" playing at Woorijip Korean takeout.
RT "Hey look! Spanish Flu!" Museum visitors getting a kick out of discussion of 1918 Spanish Flu epidemic in main exhibit.
Hi - checking to see if you might be free to chat with a public radio station in LA re: the new Kony video? Many thanks!
That kind of thing takes a while to come out of- I'm glad it went well! Here's to a quick recovery. *sends good thoughts*
It doesn’t make sense to let go of something you had for so long, but it also doesn’t make sense to hold on when nothing’s there.
Riding home from South Carolina -- via Twitter -- with former Edgewood great and former Baraboo standout
Fenouil is AMAZING! Well-deserved!
That's a good thing!
Wake up in the Morning feeling like JBieber, get my glasses, do the hair flip, I'm gonna spread the fever
yes eating!
steve, please share with the class
Happy Healthy New Year to all of our Chewpons fans! Here's hoping 2012 brings wonderful things for everyone!
Going to tonight to watch the #Brewers game. Hoping for better service this time.. And a Brew Crew win!
"Every life is a profession of faith, and exercises an inevitable and silent influence." Henri Frederic Amiel
$5 All U Can Eat Tacos On Tuesday!!
I think I saw you!
Currently being fat as fuck
O's opening day is Friday, April 6!
how was the video shoot today?
I think we might be on two Different pages here, buddy.
Hey I got a DM from you that I don't think was really from you. Change your password, man. You've been hacked.
okay, school starts in two days. i have to go socialize on facebook so i actually have friends when i start. lmfao.
Hi, I am a sci fi and fantasy enthusiast. I also try to write a little. Do you self publish?
no problem dude!
Learn the Art Of Acting with Victor Cruz tonight at Pearl Studios 4th floor. $20. 7pm.
We throw tantrums like parties. We're not happy 'til everyone knows we're sick and that's just how we like it.
I'm not a fan. I'm a mahomie.
Both Brio's in NYC deliver...www.brionyc.com or www.brioflatiron.com
Big Sean Really Slaughtered Meek Millz On "Burn" Smh
nothing. It's a hoax. (-: jk #m adores you too. And the unicorns. And me.
It's true, I did. Thanks for recommending it so heartily.
lol I see(:
Maybe an Aries is a good Match for me
Lmaooo quotes this morn "he wasn't with me shootin in the gym" loll I died .. I <3 u!!
It is the writer who might catch the imagination of young people, and plant a seed that will flower and come to fruition. - Isaac Asimov
Produce swag hahaha
Yep, it's still happy hour & we have cheap drinks, good food & a DJ.
So I woke up feeling like hell in a plastic bag. My quads and bottom butt butt are so sore. Why does building muscle have to feel so AWFUL?!
me too!
Because I let what people say get to.me which is bad but ugh!):
OMG really bum's on da rap flow @ Mcdonals parkin lot... hahahaha
what do they do with old expatriated twitter names anyway
Can I get a "Happy 13th Birthday"?(:
Flight is delayed 3 hrs!!! Looks like I won't get into #NYC till noon
OHH haha I thought you meant he hates her. Not the braces! Lol and haha who wouldn't be happy?! :)
It's #JustRead Monday. I'm so happy to have another week to finish the pile of books on my TBR list.
Die you little faggot
Good weekend with some new friends! Now time to run it off!!
GO FOLLOW ! LETS GET HER MORE FOLLOWERS!! (:
hell yes! If its going to be cold, we should at least be able to hit the slopes and have fun
My twitter game is disgusting
Kick him out of the game, he clearly can't throw a strike.
or go to the park
I SEE WHAT Y0U DID THERE!
I need an Early Mornin Gym Partner Str8 ^^ !!
There are some motorists venturing out on the road on 610 near Galleria.
If you're one of my new followers go and follow for updates on the newest hip hop , apparel and everything else dope
Seriously, probably the worst matchup for you of all the teams left in the playoffs.
Ok! ": I'm kidnapping your daughter when I get off work tomorrow"
no she's not! #ILoveYourMom <3
Listen, I'm just speaking common sense. RT "You Precede and then you Proceed... how hard is that" LOLOL
Cathy Watson says we need more national champions like Healthy Teen Network. (Thanks for the shout-out!)
phone was stolen at rocco ranallis last night
Forreal I'm starving.
There is no way Obama and this government could be this dumb in there decision making for this country www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Looking for #Law #Librarians in #LA. Submit your #resume to
that's the plan. I have some work ahead of me
thanks, Nate :) I had a great time meeting everyone & helping out at , so bonus if everything ends up being useful!
Our clinical team consists of a MD, RN & Tech collaborating with patients or referring #physicians to ensure successful patient outcomes.
pottery barn!
Thank you for your help tonight! We appreciate it!
Looking up races for later in the year. I really want to run the "The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror 10-Miler" at Disney.
We have a dinner tomorrow night at Coast Sure to be special
Momma picked me up early to go eat ;p yay
When your sister automatically assumes you took her shit -____-
Very interesting! I like it.
Join us at Marche' Restaurant between 1 & 2 PM. Having lunch w/ Eric Brace. Love to hear about new album - Richard Carpenter
Orly? That's surprising. Good for !
My mom ordered my prom dress:) SO STOKED! got the best one out there:P
Also, ate after midnight two nights in a row. Hey cholesterol.
Nothing says to me"It's Wednesday" quite like a run to the Comic Shop.... Yeah, that didn't sound geeky at all, did it?
Hey! Thank you for the birthday tweet--I just saw it today and it made me happy! What conferences are coming up for you?
very cool to live in such a small world; hope you enjoy the book, j
Feels like a great day to ____________
headed to SF for the - excited to be one of 10 awesome featured startups! cc
thanks for the shootout!
thank you you also.. : )
what camp are you in? The image they use definitely paints a large change.
#thingsthatineed an identifiable opportunity
calling editor at 2 a.m., sitting on the curb & using flashing cop car lights to read your notes beats a smartphone every time.
Ya guy new video coming soon working on 6 songs right now SOON by april should be releasing new song
Ok....Thank you so much for letting us know!!! We'd like to offer you a free meal on us. Show this tweet to your cashier.
New York,health officials announced testing 75 students Queens school for swine flu,students,flu-like symptoms,CNN television reported.
Summer workout program starts right MEOW! CrossFit, yoga, cardio, repeat!
Huck the faters! I liked the utter stupidity of THE FP. Just boot your brain down and enjoy.
Just once, I want to be convinced of the student BS. :-)
Urban Dictionary Rejects: SAME CAR! | When You Put It That Way
"Eminem Is The King Of Rap" TRUE!!! :)
that would have been awesome if we both booked! We are due for beers and
Thanks for nice words about the social media candidates column! I'm working on your proclamation right now.
everyone sucks to someone else....even the best of the best have people who think they are awful.
Mom said you are starting a second job. You may need a third
going down March 14th. Going to Jupiter, but also spending a couple days in Tampa. Gotta see
I love them!! Great color and I love the designs
rocking out tonight ! Then I'm hosting the evening with the Night Dreamers!!
Bring your skis T. The powder is the best! Lay down some sweet music for those mountain people.
Block and report as spam.
Courage is contagious.
HEY ALEX:)
Mental Health Awareness PSA: Follow to actually watch a person's medication stop working
Rebels! Tonight at the Kohl Center 4 members of our AAU basketball team will be playing for Hamilton in the State Tourny! Root for a win!
omg u guys come to PA I live here please come to Lancaster it would mean the world to me please
find me five followers n list me then retweet
Working on a user survey-is it possible that users will actually complete one? And how to get it to them? Via the web, reading room, both?
Its always good to come out of a scrum when all the developers are laughing like mad scientists together. #webdev sharepoint madness css js
here, here.
Yes, yes it does.
economics are so corrupt
I accept your apology :)
awesome my wife put on gold lion earlier and we both had the "damn this is good why did we forget about it" face
Spent a wonderful evening on de patio sitting n reminiscing with my parents...cherished moments, only God knows 4 how long...de beuty of lyf
my twiiter has turned into a social networking site. but i love it. (:
DID YOU SEE MY TEXT?!?
#PracticalSecurityTactics Vulnerability management is more than scanning. Partner with ops to facilitate remediation activities.
I always think driving faster will somehow get me to the gas station before I run out of gas. Never works.
Whit.li enables trust between consumers in C2C transactions.-to whom at #SxSWi would u trust to rent a room/ run an errand?
make ny night lime us beliebers made yours & follow me(;
Looking forward to it!
My next martini is for Lee Boudreaux.
you are a legend. Hey KSU
and its MY fault
Happy Monday! Hope everyone had a great weekend.
HOW IS IT COOL
that was long and hot but #RunningCuresEverything #BNS I just finished a 7.66 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Is it bad I'm not wearing pastels to church?
I KNEW WHEN DON CORNELIUS DIED DICK CLARK OR CASEY KASEM MIGHT BE NEXT..BUT I GREW UP ON DICK AND I MEAN THAT IN A NON SEXUAL WAY. ALMOST..
Don't know where liquor store is at new home, imaginary shot FTW!
Groves offers hospice & respite care.
Or do I actually have to kill a second hobo?
is mega magical!
Guess not, I think the belts are only on the line on "SuperStars" j/k
I said brrr it's cold in here there must be some toros in the atmosphere
Loved the Chrysler commercial w/Clint Eastwood. Best one tonight.
Wishing all my Twitter friends a happy, healthy, prosperous and conservative New Year. Cheers!
changing my avi ;)
What are u doing to keep u and your family healthy this season?
I'll never forget the first time I listened to The Beaters
Can someone please explain 2 me why it is so costly 2 run a campaign? Our deficit is trillions, but George Cloney is giving Obama $1million
15. If he were any more stupid, we'd be watering him twice a week. 16.Bright as Alaska in December.
Who wants to screen print with us? Tomorrow at Come Screen Print your Heart out!! 12-5pm!!!
My poor eyes should've never been subjected to that "situation".
Rest in Peace Marty Kay. 1310 WIBA AM will never be the same without you.
Don't get one. Reference.me will spam all of your email connections with Reference.me, which, when they sign up, will spam their's
Kinda Funny: how many colombians does it take to stop a race? Just Juan.
You bet i'll be there. Please find me, if you go also.
LOOK FOR YOUR 3 LITTLE BIRDS HAIRSPIRATIONS ON THE RUNWAY! TRIPLE YOUR PLEASURE TRIPLE YOUR FUN WE'RE GONNA ROCK IT 3 NIGHTS NOT JUST ONE!
same to you!
looking forward to our meeting & talking about #IncidentonMarmontAve !
Yes found a solution to that problem...Now to this other one -_-
So glad to hear it! We strive for you to have an exceptional experience every time!
coming to the show Feb 5th at The Beat? =)
I just saw this! I miss your odes to Padma.
Kitty Pride...really? COME. ON.
woohoo! So glad you will have a new zine for the symposium!
Should auld acquaintance be Page Blocked And never brought to mind?
hey guys! checked out your YouTube today! It's official, I am a Capitalizer!
So tired of school ready for summer
I gotta listen to music to get my mind off the Yankees horrible loss tonight!
thanks Pete! Sorry bout them red wings bro :P u gonna come to Vegas this summer at all?
Why are all these cute boys hiding out at olive garden with their families on a Wednesday night?!? #notcomplaining #owowee #callmemaybe :-*
GOT DAN....whoops, I mean damn. Or did I?
I wake up late for school almost everyday.
you got a what now????
I'm sending you a 💩 load of pictures right now
Also, looking to buy a #fender #Jazzmaster for touring on this album. Anyone selling?? A white 62 reissue would be stellar. (^_-)
Also, the Blob is the Jar Jar Binks of X-Men.
I think everyone smelled it, Sir.
#TILTS2011 Unsworth: 1922: The Waste Land publication date marks an actual wasteland of what we can text mine b/c of copyright laws
Bout to go to sleep
Heeeyyooooo! RT : I always notice a lot of people bashing teachers union - went to private schools
Rewatched "Devil Girl from Mars" (1954). Leather clad alien biatch terrorizes people in Scottish inn. Better than it sounds.
I think you have single handedly started the trend #newyorkcity ....
hahaaa yeah ik hope ur ready to have to pick up ur legs with your arms to get in and out of the car.
Oh man lucky you! I was hoping to catch it on the big screen but it never made its way over to MN :(
MT Also, I don't dismiss "hippies" I believe sustainable living and back to the Earth values are the only chance humans have
Never interrupt someone. Know when to hit your off switch.
can we set up a shoot soon?
yeah, I'm very excited to see Mike returning. If he's anything like he was back then, he'll do great. :)
Happy Marriage ! It was an honor to be a part of your wonderful day.
There's nothing worse than hearing the freight train when you're trying to sleep.
"We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude." -- Cynthia Ozick, Novelist
I want love to walk right up and bite me. Grab a hold of me and fight me leave me drying on the ground.
Seniors-- Don't forget to stop by and order your FREE Alumni Status Jack the Bulldog debit card!
in 1985 Oklahoma Governor George Nigh had a Christmas Show on public television! It's on 1" videotape at
Didn't get those TPS reports in quite right.
yeah love him. He really is humble, extremely talented and seems to have a big heart.
I dunno. I looked at other posts on that site and some have Caps and others don't. Lacking consistency.
“: NBA's $15,000 fine of Pacers coach Frank Vogel is ridiculous. He never criticized officials, just the Heat. Typical joke.
Today is a good day!
The average person lies 3 times per ten minutes of conversation
I get it hahahaha!!!:D
If we're talking #teamfirst, Cole putting his team behind 1-0 sending some weaksauce message 1000x worse than your Bryce example
We're looking for a second guitarist! Hit us up if you wanna try out :p
Mike Crawley, #lpc national president speaking at
sigh "Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away." - Antoine de St Exupery
RT the blonde joke I just tweeted if u like it! :)
Maybe that I should be in stretch pants, smoking a cigarette.
And Twix! :D
baseball practice tonight
Thanks Fred!!! RT Congrats, y'all, well deserved!
Haha, text me about it
thanks for following! What do you do?
Just lit a candle in memory of my niece we love you Ashley
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll feel better!
woah there tiger, I am not a nerd ! 😠
story of my life! I want my next 2 tattoos now!
RT : Watching the late models turn laps at RIR, wish I could have gotten mine ready. Maybe next year
All is well in Baltimore, thanks. Golfing a little better for a certain Irishman near here last weekend :-)
I'm goin to jackson....go comb your hair
After months of reading a chapter a night, my son and I finally finished the Narnia books. Kinda sad. Now we have to figure out what's next.
"[Anne-Marie] Kinney is a Southern California Camus." -Susan Salter Reynolds reviewing RADIO IRIS in Los Angeles Magazine
Yeah, but remember Sue McCown was constantly on the Today Show, Martha Stewart, etc. She was a celebrity.
6th period football players ran like bitches from the bees hahah👌
I'll never give up believing til it's impossible for us ( Man Utd ) 2 lift the cup. Newcastle play early, & can go 3rd
I just said semen puking asshole dickhead and dildo in a paper. Sweet. F the system
Building a community takes patience and endurance....#occupybaltimore is still here!
Thanks for the feedback on the new site. Go to the contact us section if you would like to reach out to us. Thanks!
At home lol. Im going to take off to conji in about 25 min.
My phone Finna die and I can't stay off twitter. 😒....Phuck it.📴🚬
like honey you are too ugly to be a first lady?
People make fun of the C's for being old but do the C's let this game get out of hand vs. the Thunder? Ehhhhhhhhhhh.
Are you leaders or administrators in your leadership role? Kane
I'm the dev behind CC - let me know if you ever need anything!! I'd say it's totally worth it to sign up :)
just returning from odnet2009 and presenting dissertation research on GenY & coworkers
Based on the pictures I have seen thus far, Charlie Morton looks pretty healthy. I still think he should target late-April return.
RT " Paris is always a good idea " -- Audrey Hepburn
Oh yes! Thanks
maybe you should tweet occasionally
Folks, I am at a conference called #NetworkArchaeology in Oxford, Ohio. Now at a panel feat Shannon Mattern and Marina Peterson.
lol what u get?
Learn your digital camera. Don't forget the manual can show you the features, but they don't show you how to use them.
I must finish Lord of the Flies tonight.
hey! Happy new year to u 2, I hope you had a good Christmas 2
She BELIEVED she COULD so she DID.
Twitter, Y U NO SEND ME NOTIFICATIONS ON MY PHONE?
Lol. Not even going to say anything.
ok im not hating on all!!! just like 6
What I hate about pasta is how they change the shape and act like it's a different food
Can't wait to play Scout Bar this Friday!
Did something happen?
TGIF!!! Celebrate with $2 Coronas all day and $5.99 classic burger, fries & a drink after 4pm!
If you don't feel it in your "gut" then don't do it… it's got a come from the heart, you're inner-spirit. You'll know when it's right!
:)) thanks they are nice I can't hear a single girl on the bus
Rumors of Kim Kardashian & Mark Sanchez are testing my maturity.
#Avengers = EPIC. Go.
Thank you! RT Happy birthday
Going over our amazing speaker proposals. Thanks everyone who submitted for giving so much great material to sift through!
I meant old orchard sorry
Only because YOUR coworker called in sick when he was supposed to be covering my coworker's vacation.
Last Day to use the code "BLKFRDY" get 15% off! support indie clothing lines! Stay tuned. -The TV.
To the schmo I work w that brought his New York Ranger's jersey to work today... Karma's a bitch
Important to feature the people behind Watson to tell the story #prsms -- again, be your own spokesperson.
In Class Watching Lovely Bones!
in that case, good work. thanks.
Ditto! RT : Ryan Seacrest trying not to flip the f*** out after "borat" spilled dirt on his tux is HILARIOUS!!!!
i love you too aw
Teachers are preparing to strike in two local districts. Details at 10&11.
Working on my CloudCamp Seattle talk - not quite sure I fully get the whole "unconference" thing yet
#gwu Good question! Maybe and can help us out.
just sent some beats get at me
RT The poorest man on earth is not the one without money; he's the one without dreams!
yess, i had it with me cus i remember using it, and i always put it on the little wood thing on my bed
that's good, I been well alo, my daughter is 2 already crazy how time flies!!
It must be tough to live somewhere where you only have one sport to care about
people tweet me #HackedbyMamaMahone and ill rt (;
8 beers on tap & Happy Hour has begun! $22 gets you an hour of pool, large pizza & a pitcher of beer!!
Ugh I think I'm over drinking. I hate feeling like crap the next day and trying to remember all things I said and did. It's not fun anymore.
I'm hungry and upset because of it. This secret shopper job we are about to do might get messy. #thug lol
... hold my poodle! and let me put my cap locks on, NOW WHO CALLED PROD UGLY!
that rules.
We don't know when our Food Paradise episode will air on the but will let you know as soon as we do!
If Seattle trades Brandon League, who is the closer? Wright? Ray?
ME SO HUNGRY.
:P silly me lol
my artist of the day: sharon van etten
Wish #Romney would go away, spend his money & let #PresidentObama get on w/the business at hand.
Shit Sarcastic Makeup Artists Say: Yeah, Proactiv is great for your skin.
RT : Internships are so great! RT : Interviewing FSU students for internships in sales and marketing.
Durant, Lebron will choke in the 4th like he always does. The guy is clutch when it matters least.
I would have loved that!!“: pushed for my Cowboys to take him, but they needed a third-string tight end.”
in the boondocks
Is your business operating with APIs?
"Stacy's Mom" has been stuck in my head all day.
should be, gotta haul some seed up North soon though! Hopefully I'm still in range!
Best April Fools Day prank. Rigged a co-worker's computer. Letters appeared to fall off the page to bottom of the monitor. She fell for it.
RT : class was officially at capacity tonight Steve!! 17 bikes filled :)Great job Melissa Thank You.
Share your knowledge. It's a way to achieve immortality!
Baseball party idea: Kick off the season with amovie night - Sandlot/popcorn
u been away too long!!
Pepco now talking about smart meters on the smart grid. 95 percent of meters in DC are smart grids now.
2 words: Free Tacos
Professor just posted "correct" flowchart for our assignment. It doesn't look like mine. Fuck.
Man, I hope DRose didn't tear his ACL. That would be awful.
Thanks so much for the shout-out!
I'm beginning to worry about that!
following now.
New Edition "Can U Stand the Rain" >>>>>
Khan video on blended learning: Level 1 supplemental online resources, 2 flipped class with lectures at home and projects in class
Thanks for the RT!
Until the plastic bags break! LOL!
Waylaid by Crown Point issue. Will be there as soon as I can.
thought you might enjoy this
I wish I was going. I don't have tickets:(
Mashburn should've won the award over Calbert Chaney. But close is only good in horse shoes and hand grenades!
Just left school
Off to help a booming dispensary capture more of the market share.
Says a lot that I've caught up on a month of #HartofDixie in two days. This show demands a renewal!
RT : Okay, Biden. Now say something about decriminalizing pot.
Come TO Vegas Quit Fuckin Around.
A big Friday shout out to all our lovely clients - have a great day! X
Get at me : ) hottest photographer LOL ": Phoenix, AZ #ModelSubmissions Hit up Stunnaz Photographer "
Morning should not have been as crazy as it's been...
El Paso is so small. Everyone knows everyone.
good night..xoxo
im sorry...... I love you
EFF YOU RAIN. jk, its nighttime #keeponrainin but the thunder scares me!
RT : Many people confuse eye tearing with not having a dry eye issue. The eye often tears excessively when it is dry.
officially done with another semester! now brainstorming for my dissertation question...
u should do that, who knows u could be discovered like Justin Lol can't wait to listen to ur songs!!
I decided to take a chance, and went to see Fright Night...it was absolutely horrible, and I don't recommend it.
#4wordsaftersex Get off of me
yep! I'll defiantly text you more!
Country boy's accents are to die forr. City boys are shit. I want me some cowboys.
thank you for the twitter shout out :)
Super excited for our trip to Dallas to watch dominate the Mavs! I don't know who is more anxious-the hubby, son or me!
Such a delayed tweet week. We have been working on our new restaurant day and night! We would love your support!
OH. IT'S NICK'S BIRTHDAY TODAY! #happy18thbdaynickj (: haha, i almost forgot.. BUT I DIDN'T! ;D
I got 2 fast dogs.
these guys are insanely good. I LOVE LOCAL MUSIC!!!!!!!!!
ghost recon comes out on tuesday! my gf thinks we are hanging out that day....
One of those days... In a very unpleasant mood.
Hey Red Sox, YOU BLEW IT!!
that not right at all
I once had a bad habit of hitting all of my homegirls homegirls #coleworld lol
Test first period -____-
you have a paper to turn I
We are at two shows today, come see us for awesome specials until 3pm!! Brookfield suites and Macy's sip and scan at Mayfair mall
Just like that my day just went from meh to perfect nothing that happens 2day can bring me down, not work nor the bitching people in my life
verify my life for google...is this really correct?
Thank you, Stephen!
Gotta be easier than chem :) RT : finding a dress for and 's wedding might be impossible."
Marinate red meats in wine to tenderize.
it a blues hammer kind of day...: (
Hate to start Monday off with bad news, but this is just disappointing. Botched housing effort by Peaceaholics results in waste of city...
The new track is the first one I've not hated.
...alrigh, maybe not a Classic for #allstargame bc #MVP is doin Work
Teaching is offering a sympathetic ear while maintaining a stern voice.
Just because my actions arn't good decisions doesnt mean Im a bad person. It means Im young and havin' fuun:)
Thank you for the RT!
Know him personally. Reading speculations, details, etc. is frustrating. *venting* okay, now is the time to focus on winning! :-)
your sons are very talented...i put their song on repeat
Time to turn this business up to 11
love your energy!! Fearless is POWERFUL!
While amputation is never an ideal circumstance, I can't help but think I would feel a lot better without my right leg right now.
Keep up the good work!
There ain't nothing like shitty #prosecco to warm a girl up on a cold #sanfrancisco nite. Go !
#highfashion racist faggoting... the new trend
Everytime I hear the word kechtup it reminds me on Austin xD
OMG..its Really hittn me now that ithink hard abouu it..wish i culd take back wt i said ! Itried 2work it out now its ur turn, 2stbborn ...
A little reflection was sufficient to show that this was no more than an echo of an extraordinary kind.
And as such she deserves not to be personally attacked. Attack her position, not her personally, otherwise it's bullying.
#Didyouknow fleas can accelerate 50 times faster than a space shuttle
Enjoy the show last night?!
It will henceforth be known as the "Did You Get Pears?" episode. ...?
2012 film watching! #19. Seven (Fincher, 1995). Watched the blu ray of this, it is emaculate!! Just a brilliant transfer of a great film!
On July 31 find P&G brandSAVER coupons in your local paper. Each coupon = donation to to keep kids in school
We have finished all the intro meetings for today, student are now starting to relax in the residence hall!
Thanks for the #shoutouts and right back at 'cha!
Dude... who made you so angry. I try to engage in a civil conversation w/ you and all you do is yell at me. Chill out.
Hey Jerry, thanks for the follow. I'm looking forward to connecting.
My lil sis starts high school this....So Cute
Getting a slushie!
Yes, there's one in the Rainforest and another I think in Chernobyl.
RT : Now following ALL
it was nice to see my family again..i missed them so much
I keep dosing off
DJ "OMG It's HIM" is at Chi-Cha Lounge tonight. Where will you be?
great, look forward to reading it!
Come check out the Grill tonight. Wet Bar as long as supplies last and some great HH specials until 7!
It's hot, but it would require much more work before coming close to replacing a term for even simple things.
OH: "Perhaps our geeky lab guy should have a bigger head?"
A toast to Crystal Pepsi...www.zackmorriscellphone.wordpress.com
hah I didn't exactly help but you're welcome!
ZAK! Show sounded crazy in Michigan last night. MSU tonight.
No doubt. I see u homie up @ the store grindin. Gettin a lil crowd around u. The streets is recognizin. 504 Stand Up
Safari in the Morning, Pool in the Afternoon, & DQ in the Night?! I'm bout that Florida Life
it is possible to enjoy tasty food/drinks that are also really good for you--then, later, you actually feel good too...so that's nice!
Hubert Davis is going back to Chapel Hill to serve as an assistant coach under Roy Williams. Great presence for the young Tar Heels.
#sexfact most girl like to be call bitches hoes n nasty dumb sluts while you sodomize em
Almost forgot. DEAD LAST in BA.
VEGAS BITCHES
i got put on a waiting list
we combined ours for the pic haha. Rack city
Time to Grind Yall!! What you got to lose? We all going to die one day anyway! Lets Get It! Cmon, Lets Go!!!!
Have my glass of red wine in front of me. What movie should I put on? My Week With Marilyn or Showgirls :)
don't forget the totally tasteful soldier/osama duos!
Mike, how are things looking? Reports of damage/flooding?
Also from connecting via projects like Flat Classroom and NAIS's Challenge 20/20
"See" you in a few hours then!
Me likes your new hurr!
Being sick never felt so good.
#BandsILove Say Anything
They are in a hurry too and we might be out of class early. I'm going to tell them 1:45.
What's up fans.
To make it easier for people to follow subject matter being researched I will try to compile more together w/ sites & links. Thanks & Cheers
Launching early gives you opportunity to get user feedback on an iterative basis.
If you ever need anyone to talk to you can always come to me. <3
be safe guys RT Tipsy tow happening until 6AM please get a safe ride home tonight: fox5vegas.com/story/16671930…
So are these storms ever going to calm down?
I miss you too! Lets hang out soon. When are you free?
that's great I'm happy for you. Nephew
to teach your children, I was yelled at and somehow Kathy thought that verbal abuse would make me strong and build me up. Delayed
I love you pumpkin!
trespassing and/or failure to leave a riot
Extra hockey.
Taking in a great Friday show: "Being #Shakespeare" with Simon Callow ()
Don't forget! 2 Chicks With Chocolate here today from 2-5 PM. 111 St. Marks Place NY, NY. Perfect activity for a winter Saturday!
no #skitcommentary cuz they made us go outside while you performed. I heard good things
Ok well dont get a DUI on another continent, I'm not sure how to get you out of that one. would be useless.
Why aren't the lights on!? You should be lit up all weekend for all the visitors to Cleveland! Let's make Cleveland shine!
Wisconsin: America's Dairyland. I hope to see some big creamers!
well I don't think it hits me too hard in am but never I say never drink it after 2 if I want a restful nights sleep!
I'm finished had Duke & Missouri in the final four.
BETTER YET, IM GONNA TELL YOU WHAT IT SAYS TWITTER... PROVERBS 11:2 - When pride comes, then comes disgrace, but with humility comes wisdom.
And we haven't helped the world. Do you think Libya is better off now? Was Vietnam better off? Iraq? Afghanistan?
I'm not completely sure.I'll have to look at a map. Somewhere near the Chesapeake bay. Not a beat thing yet.Maybe I can fit it in
3 miles uphill and an hour later, I feel like barfing and I can't feel my legs.
Minimum wage in California is $8 an hour? and then if you work more than 8 hours a day, it's time and a half extra??
Steelers Gettin They Ass Beat - Damn! - BAM!!!
If Floyd falls to 22 I'd pee myself.
It will be the kiss of death if Romney receives endorsement from The Donald.
Solid job by and tonight at
A1 Our marriage is what we make it, and not what others experiences say it will be!
Follow along with ' talk with the #wellesleydh hashtag--we're about to get started!
It is from Flickr site. They seem like nice people who like to share.
*hugs* happy mommy day to you love.
Maybe, but online education works too!
Jim, how are things going in Seattle? Thanks again for the shout out!
No problem. Don't be a stranger
Starting rehearsals for The Little Fish Theatre's 'The Sugar Bean Sisters' playing 'Videllia Sparks/Robinelle Fate'. Opening March 4, 2011!
I am the eggman.
Nite out bout get Faded 2wice
If being gay is a disease, then so is being homophobic.
I love you so much! Thinking of you xoxo
Ray Allen just blew by a defender. That just happened.
my favorite #holiday is>>>>>>>> #INCOMETAX! #CASHTHATCHECK! CAN YOU SAY> #ROADTRIP!!!! ....MAYBE #LASVEGAS OR #MIAMI IDK YET
Weddinged. Hey there, married people. I sure know a lot of you now.
God works in mysterious ways. He has his own plans so don't set your heart on your own.
The one guy I like on the Heat is out indefinitely.
I wonder what justification one gives one's self for wearing a t-shirt under one's basketball uniform.
Hey Greer thanks right back at you
#IsItMyFault i fell for you?? no, u tripped me!
I need to get out of Phoenix for a couple days.
we need you back in the Chi.... Blessings bro..
The difference between "Like", "Love" & "In Love" is the same different between "For Now", "For A While" & "Forever" .
well it's definitely interesting...
Thanks to and for the RT!
Reading Steve Job's Biography.
Lmao NYC is too live right now, LET'S GO RANGERS!!!!!!
Suffering from narrative block...
Finally, the Pats team I recognize. Keep that momentum going!
Fuck everybody except for TRUE FANS AND FAM thats how I feel
Good news for MKE travelers from downtown. The new southbound exit to Mitchell Airport, Layton & College Ave. will be open later this week!
Never lie to the girl of ur life with the hoe of the nightt
Tzafun is the part of the seder that the kids search for a hidden piece of matzah called the afikoman
Not a finger!
I just turned in 17 pages of word vomit and 5 pages of crap...I will not miss you Fall 2011 semester.
Drinking some delicious , and headed to movement class. Aw, yeaaaahh!
RIP Davy Jones you were b4 my time but my Mom said you were her first crush. I'm thinking theres a lotta people feel older tonite
Rumors at #DEVRY are pointless. The females are scandalous hoes and the guys work at getting they dick wet. No surprises there.
tbh, I think Britney best song ever is If U Seek Amy
#nowplaying Howl- Florence and The Machine
Why on earth would you say that? :)
PLEASE ME PLEASE .I LOVE YOU :{D
YO! How you doin in the Windy City??
if you aren't enjoying the #NHL playoffs so far, you're probably not a sports fan. Exciting hockey being played!
And i will finish faster when those lungs come in!! jaja!
Happy Halloween! How are you celebrating?
How do you rate #schoollunch? Healthy, trying, or missed the mark?
Anthony Davis is going to need every bit of this upcoming week to recover.
bout to go to mcdonalds!
Having said that, I understand and respect your strict anti-acronym stance.
Congrats to you and your team RT : JUST LAUNCHED: FreeEnterprise.com – your source for free market news and ideas.
"There are better alternatives... Australia should be exporting its #Solar technology, not its uranium."
If Hitch was [sic] a poor black kid... RT Working through your complicated feelings about Christopher Hitchens is the new black.
"Did you hear me? Jane's gone!" Penny to Lynette
I never go to opening weekend, but this movie was worth braving the crowds! Read the books, they're excellent!
thanks for the follow!
Enjoying My Day ! Hope You Are Too ! :)
There is, its called "douchebaggery"
Come on, man. You're from Seattle!
my twitter feed is filled with misdirected You are not alone. :-)
im bout to call that nigga
Good to know I got shit clear now!
Ha, thanks.
Q0) learned that there is no point in IM'ing or emailing my team while #lrnchat is happening...they wont answer ;-)
The buzzer in the SDSU/Baylor game sounds funny
- great tip! I didnt even know Logic could do that. Thx for sharing!
So my six year old son lost his first tooth yesterday. Remember when silver dollars were cool from the tooth fairy? Not anymore...
Jamie is cool, she is getting married oon 10/01!! Very exciting
who's sticking their nose in ?;)
Follow - another version of us!
Thanks, my friend.
our pleasure, I think it turned out great! Thanks for working with I think we make a great team.
where are you???
thank god for that.
Someone will die if Real Madrid wins 
love you back! :) “: EEk! Thanks for the follow guys!! I absolutely love your podcast!”
pretty good! chilling on turntable.fm
seriously this last episode almost made me cry.
New page! Please follow me ! Itz such a long story..smh. Thx!
How do you get Easter egg dye off your hands?
Great! Looks very useful. Thanks!
I did grab the recent issue but haven't gone through it yet. Thanks for the heads up!
To clarify, I'm not anti Whitney. Just not my music
Symposium today pm I'll be live-tweeting our panel discussion: "Empowering Users/Creators to Take Control of Their IP"
Before you go to sleep, write down 5 things you're grateful for.
RT : You cannot inspect #quality into a product. - Harold F. Dodge
6/11 11:00 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Marina Franklin
Bricor! I didn't realize this was you - should have, but didn't. You're the best! Remember me? Cristina from Austin.
why should i trust you if it still hurts from where you stabbed me in the back ? i don't even look at you the same anymore bro.
sour patch kids??? :) tweet me? please :)
#AlexandRobertTweetTweet !!! We have to get this WORLDWIDE!
hay whats up!
Thanks for the RT!
Yes, it's times like these I'm reminded DVR functionality exists and is available to those with not much more money than me.
ps u never followed me back wahh
Trying to get the edits from last night finish and blog before another tournament game this afternoon
uh oh... Going to be a crazy day on show.. Can't wait
Methinks forgot to send the mandatory prescription drugs with my dvd of
it was my pleasure (:
Note to self: never marry a Kennedy.
⌂ Isn't that an incredible thing? The sound of baseball produces a near-physical response in me of safety & comfort.
I miss you </3
Why can't the girl I am seeing just get rid of her x I'm starting to get annoyed...
I am free as my hair ! :D
RT : The Pope House Bourbon Lounge opens July 29th in the former Brazen Bean location. Bourbon!! Woot!
Try a Caramel Delight--A Traditional Mocha with coconut and caramel
got u sucker
Should I have seen Drive or Shane?
Do you mean right click? I am on a Mac. When I click on it, it just lets me change the name
I wrote about you and / for NY MAG because I think you are THE GENIUSES OF THE WORLD
Childhood is like being drunk, everyone remembers what you did, except you.
Just killed rehearsals for show at Webster Hall Sunday 8pm .. Gonna be a cool one
Get used to it!
yes, the title of the article needed the addendum
AlJazeera up and running again in the US.
Home plate ump sounds like a dude from
can't wait for breaking dawn part1 it only 3 more days
why i dont got head lice xD
Yes we saw Ben's talk the day it was released! Happy to see the technology getting such a high profile venue. Great work!
miss you too
Consumer Reports: Used Cars Less Of A Gamble
RT Now Playing: Manny Baby & Shae G (Milwaukee, WI) - 99 Ways To Get Paid
Kimya Dawson is playing Right now.
yess boo!!! You know I got you if you need anything!!
New York Artwork without the New York Price - Original, Affordable, Contemporary Artwork - www.timhovde.com
why can't I figure out which Danny joint this is?!
haha he def goes hard, & he has a lot of people beat that's for sure!
Thanks for the #WW mentions to
glad to see another WP-powered library website. Decided against a WP calendar/event plugin, I see. Any reason why?
Real and lasting success requires work.
u killed the show fam! I'm going to have to collect a finders fee for all these hoes that want me 2 hook them up w/ u IJS lol
Do you know what determines the distinctive flavors of pure, all-natural honey?
I can't wait to get out of class, because that means I get to smoke with :))
cc RT Love Halpern back in the lineup 4 the Caps Loved it more when I was coaching him at soccer camp in the 80's
you are forgiven. only this one time.
That awkward moment when you run over your own banana on Mario kart.
Heading to St. Louis next week - May 13 - to be with the St. Louis Symphony. Looking forward to it!
you haven't been to the gym in 5 years! More vino it is!! 💗😜
#gambling is the right hashtag
lol I see.
two different sets each week, $5 cover goes to the musicians. unday, june 21 will feature:
Invites will go out soon for the 2012 All-American JUCO Showcase. For consideration email Brad Winton
4 those like me that paid >$50 for Mayweather's last fight ending w/ a cheap shot, suggest U boycott Mayweather's next fight! RT
It could be confident, inflexible, and uncontrollable
#thuglife RT : Not even gon lie, I'm a real life thug. 👌💰🔫
Now you're just somebody that I used to know!! =)
Another hot, humid day. Yuck!
Who scores with evangelicals? What is the most important candidate quality? breaks it down up next on CNN Early Start
Had a nice 3 hour Skype session with the bestie :)
Yankee game tomorrow... SUITE swag :)
It's funny when people Twitter names are TheReal.... Knowing they're nowhere near famous and nobody is impersonating them.
When it pertains to your life, the opinions of others are as important as what you flush down the toilet!
It's amazing. So many of these young female artist don't sing about anything but sex.
Starting to pick all my tunes for my senior recital. Fun stuff!
. rails against the expenses paid to sports programs in colleges across the country.
Valentine's Day is next Monday, February 14. Don't forget to get your someone special a gift to remember!
Just got ourselves the "FAT" EP and at half price too! Really digging the sound, sending you our regards from NYC
I just found out there was a in Sydney via !
I did it. Unfortunately I had only a little coffee left. But it was delish.
What is YOUR knitting drag name? RT : Today, my knitting drag name is Lacey Swatches.
uuummmm idk that depends when your going to myrtle?? lol
haha :) I know i miss you too we need to hang out soon!
Dang, I need a team to promote my Twitter too!
Finna watch tv
you are the most prettiest person I've ever seen! i absolutely love you! Follow me? That would make my life! <3
If there is a local Netwk Eng who can troubleshoot WAN's and proficient with Cisco I have a Go to work in the Fort Lauderdale FL area. Ple…
It always pays to arrive early for a hair appointment.
Why eat anywhere other than commodore?
Thx for the comment on the blog today! Hope u get nap time back. Let me know if the nap time treat works!
Do not accept mythology as truth.
Oh #BloodBrothers.... I have missed u much. Bulimic rainbows vomit what?Every crotch is a Siamese gun. sky spreads like thighs inside lace.
Anyone else a little underwhelmed with #FMC announcements? Gamechangers for sure, but nothing that we hadn't anticipated... #JustSayin'
you mean a BOY. but it must be nice to be out of school. I'm stuck here till the 30 th
I need some help with formatting dates in a bulk upload, its been killing me
NSAC: Want Mr. Overeem to understand, we are denying him a license today.
I've moved from getting on the internet to just being on the internet full time.
The first cross town classic of the season and we've got a question: #Cubs or #Sox ?
The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything.-Theodore Roosevelt
Learning a bit about ins and outs of RedHat Satellite Server. Sort of nonplussed that there's no rhn_unegister command?
'Men in Black 3' -- Topless Invader in Germany
Frits Van Eeden tomorrow night at 6:30! He'll be painting in shop, alongside musical entertainment Grumpy Al. 258 E Eau Gallie.
IM SOO EXCITED FOR...
I AM GONE GONE GONE GONE GONE GONE
#gym then home to relax
you know how to warm up!
umm hey! and dont say you dont know me!
strength of WE
Reed and I heard you guys on WDCB90.9 in Chicago. Congrats guys! Sounds great.
my man!
I missed #jerseyshore so much
Anytime.....speaking the truth there hon!!!xoxooxo
I only have 4 ladies going tonight:( any other lady down to go. its only $4
Well we know they ain't with him for his looks! He's gross
Woohoo! I finally got a follower :) Thank you haha
FUN YOGA FACT: Downward dog is significantly more exciting when you have a boner.
Tomorrow I'm gonna #race u to the fence. Come on, jump out the door. Do this first: -z. Could be the best day of ur life #tomorrow. nite
I can't wait to see it! RT : The Roots' with perhaps my favorite Thank You Notes expression tonight!
Thank you for being a Bronze sponsor of #sdp2p!
your welcome #TVD your the best show ever i wish TVD never ends i hope it lasts foreva!;)
word on the street is, we going to trial...
Don't those bitches get it?!?! Heeellllll naawwww
i wanna talk to u or say hi but it would be awkward cause u know i like u but we have never talked before and im afraid u wouldnt say hi bac
I miss my baby ):
lmao he likes to get on my head  idk y but hes funny
In house counsel trust law firm blogs: use social media to build your reputation and expertise Joe Calve
it like a 5 pt game in the 4th with about 4mn left
Just got my VIP passes for 2012 Olympic Team Trials for canoe/kayak Great event!
Might want to credit for the original report.
What, it's not enough that they can peck your eyes out?!
Just dropped my phone in water... ruining my phones never fails... smh
Looking 4ward 2 another great a.m. of discussion re: #MKESucceeds. On tap? Mtg w/in-school providers re: 3rd gr reading ntwk formation
are you staying in mke for the summer?!
you coming to Orlando next week?
seems a universal truth.
My body is so sore from practice..ugh..the pain.
welcome to the farmers family!!!
morn lady!!!
live legends ,,, hittin the lab for a mixx down
ah lets trade then! lol
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can�t have it
It's a shattering experience for a civilized person to admit his troubles are nothing more than a foolish prank of the imagination. -C. Jung
csjacksonphotography says Hi!!
#milwaukee Join our E-Newsletter and receive industry news, product spotlights, exclusive sales and more! Sign up now at www.afillinger.com
If you followed me just to get me to follow you, and then you unfollowed me right after...you got issues lol
I have always used your service. I will now "Pull Out" of you forever. I will never use you for ANYTHING.
Lmao I love you Enrico. Jam sesh ASAP! God so overdue
Just signed up, looks pretty hot
I know right!!
It's the Girl Scouts for crying out loud! Heaven forbid they learn about marketing and promotion at such a young age!
Excessive heat warnings in Las Vegas. Welcome to Hell.
Yet another reason why subscribing to is among the best $2 per month you can spend.
but now you know what cars to trash.....
#weenieroast kicked butt!! Still stoked from all the good performances
sounds good lol
For sure - maybe someday we can get and others out for a visit too!
I aint never met a nikka i would of made my right hands
This classroom is always cold !
thanks for the #FollowFriday! :-)
let's do that I am going to DM you..
what do u mean???
I think he meant 'your A, slut'. Obviously referring to someone's grade.
We're starting something new! Every week or so, we'll post a tip or little-known fact about compulsive buying. Let us know what you think!
looks like it might work
Another part of childhood comes to an end #HPDHPT2 one more day!!
Would you mind if I linked you to a free song by ? He's a newer guy. Super talented and cute :D
: #FillObamasBlank "I gotta get my Shih Tzu in the slow cooker. Family's coming over" #ObamaAteaDog 's sentence
A gentle and welcome into the world of earthquakes, East Coasters!
yeah and wasnt pleased with the final shot. i know blake was open. but for a 3ptr and u just need one. not kool
De Graaf: Americans report being more stressed than only six other nations -- all of which are currently at war!
yes, very. Always good to see forward-thinking teams doing whatever it takes to impress fans and sponsors.
One super awesome paper on assessing e-book apps for children with low vision DONE. A teeny bit closer to finishing PhD year 2 of 5
Happy Friday! #ff Thanks for what you do!
Entered my tweet yesterday. Crossing fingers!!
stealing "obvs" from you. now.
Unions/Dems/Libs/Obama declare war on demcracy in Wisconsin and plan to bring battle to other states.
Going to school bbl(:
It's Take5 not Take (Space) 5.
Dr. Airsoft, Practical Testing: Hakkotsu Iron Face Mask ;O airsoft
Did you fall asleep? I hope so. Were you awake because you were freaking out? Because I am right now.
just trying to make it real. but compared to what?.
just finished running through some of the songs for Sunday Cant wait.
Yup, isn't that crazy?? What ever happened to one callback? LOL...Felt pretty incredible after to say the least! :)~
Discount double check!
i hate you for all your travels this semester/summer. did you get pretty NP's for me to steal? ;)
You never miss a good thing until it's gone :(
Omw to this auction.
I hear u
#ithoughtyoulookedgood: If you smile, even if you’re in a bad mood, it will immediately improve your mood.
Happy National Decision Day. You'll be seeing me with my Miami gear #redhawks!
No one wants to go out on odd days with me.
#HawksFam how are you feeling the day after? Smh
I for volunteer but i no wan eldee stab me with yabbings
Just to let you know, ill never forget the look in your eyes that night, it said it all, I'm sorry I turned out right
Blasting and dancing to Daft Punk while driving at 6:30 in the morning! How else am I supposed to wake up?
Part of her RD 2 recovery is being honest
#imsorry #ireallllllydidntwantto ... I switched with Rohn too so I work thursday now.
I wasn't singing to papers... I was singing with the people beside me duh. I'm not THAT weird.
You've got to be in class, why haven't you played a word back? :)
thank you sweetie. we're having beautiful weather today!!
Thanks, Jenny!
What a wonderful life I've had! I only wish I'd realized it sooner
I want more thanksgiving food
Got the spare out and lo and behold there ain't no damn jack to jack up the car wtf...
#feedbackfriday Good show this week Your trialouges give insight into using social media that we've used sucessfully ourselves
I was always the kid that woke up way before everybody else at sleep-overs. Still makes me feel just as lame
Seniors: Fuck yeah. I'm outta here. Top notch. Bitches bow before me.
Hopes she had success learning Base 10 content editing. Way harder than Drupal.
that awkward moment when I get Bieber fever instead of a Fizzy coma.
You Have the WRONG mr motivation! I have no idea what you are talking about!
all helped me cut off my dreads just now...wow
Thanks to for a fun, little Twitter contest during #DSum12 ... and for one of their Apple gift card prizes as well :)
Just joined the youth. Minstry in church # team new psalmist
Bullshit ass games on!
#BandsILove .Hmm..well there is 5 british/irish homo's in it.. If you guessed O N E D I R E C T I O N .. your correct (;
Don't see myself storing my music "in the clouds". Isn't that where our heads are supposed to be?
Bedded down @ Chicago's Essex Inn. New fav. quick eats spot: Eleven.
Support 3rd annual Final Friday Fundraiser this Friday 4/29 at 1150 Vine St from 6-9 PM! Enjoy good music, food, & drinks!
Not only is he two innings away from qualifying for another win, Jamie Moyer even has a base hit tonight...
All surf nazis must die!
Writer's block. Just don't want to write this paper. Feels like that time when I was 6 and Dad made me write "spaghetti" 150 times...
You are the best! Thank you :)
I'm doing pretty f'ing good! Looks like you're great, although I don't know why you don't have any head shots in a snuggie.
giving away drinks at #durkins 810 W Diversey...We bay the Bar
you say that because they're yours and you're tired of them!
so pretty.
Wish there were an obvious best pick for #Scala CLI option parsing. Don't want to go the Karaf route, looking at Argot, optional, parse-cmd.
OMG OMG OMG YAYYYY *FAN GIRLS*
Preach Sistah “: I know a lot of women have gotten their body done, new butt, new breast but they really need a new brain...”
Need a code because gears is the only game i play
Since I can not get a formal tutorial in class for this software, I am looking for a book with good info.
There is just no way to not look crest when you are driving a hearse with someone in the back.
Happy birthday Nick Nolte! You deserve an oscar. not just their lunch.
I hope they paid the black eyed peas in popcorn and beer.
On iCloud, Baby: Sandoval quotes Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes as talking favorably about a cloud solution for movie storage, but only ...
Bed time! Night all!
Working late... again!!!!
RT : "Have you ever noticed? Anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, anyone going faster is a maniac." - George Carlin
so if you know anything about me you know my favorite tv shows...what the HECK happened to southpark? jonesin' right now...smh!
thanks so much!! You're making us blush.
Like any great sporting franchise or. Business organization success often come down to leadership and team
Was off in Youtube land getting my laugh on
Me: do you see that guy staring I our class?.. Breanna: he's a stalker .. Michael: black ninja... Us: erm....weird
You're welcome! I hope it's a great turnout. :)
winner gets the sticker bag.
Do you know about Exquisite Tweets? (I can't recall exact URL, but Google will)
Five McDonald apple pies and a pint of ice cream
So, this little girl looks at me and says, "why do you have brown all over you? I like white all over me, I dont like brown". I (cont…
well, good morning, dark circles! you are news this am.
Great to talk w/ you! And to meet RT I love impromptu things that just work like lunch w/ &
Senator Blanche Lincoln is a Democrat from Arkansas who just voted against a public option. She is up for reelection in 2010.
spent the afternoon trying to remedy my server issue .... cord was unplugged!!
“: It's hard to make subtle jokes in a slide deck. You never know what your projector will do to your hard work.”
less than 2 months!
BAD DOG.
DON'T GET KNOCKED OUT.
AH I HAVE A B IN PYSICS :D
A dad is playing with kid and making noises and the baby is giggling so loud. Cutest thing ever.
Awesome Gold Cup game last night! Time for some amazing baseball today!! Go Sox Go!
Great Moment: Michael Phelps wins 8 Gold Medals at the Olympics
k I'll be right there..... Wherever the effff you are...?
is there a chance they might? because people are saying they are :C
God is in the midst of her, she shall not be moved; God shall help her, just at the break of dawn. ~Psalm 46:5
Ready for "concepting" to become a word so spellcheck can leave me alone.
We all wish to achieve wellness in our lives, and that means sustaining balance.
Having nachos!!! <3 yum
Getting ready to grab dinner with my wifey. :)
Beautiful Morning in San Antonio
I thought I was the only one who still listens to him!!!
We'll run your sound anytime. And good luck in lala-land!
wow :) now we just need to build in support for paper titles!
*cricket chirps* whoops, looks like no one likes you. Now get urself some help.
#wewontlastif you give more attention to the computer than me
goodmorning sunshine! have a great day love! (:
Bo-Peeps Strippers
i want to go fishing
RT When God made man He touched dirt. But why is it that us Christians are afraid to get our hands dirty?
Eating the elephant today, one bite at a time!
Oh. My. God. is following me.! breathe Icela just breathe... AH! <3
#OccupyRochester bride-2-be is Roch native Polly Miller. The 99 (invited guests) will stand up for her. Am looking fwd to it!
Sex in the City marathon 💏🏫🏢
lmfao over NOTHING at all . cause anit shit happen
finally has the Internet workin' at his new place! Thanks Comcast! lol :-)
no matter how hard I try I'll always end up on the other end, so I guess I'm just gonna stop trying, seems like the best bet to me
I appreciate the RT! Thank you very much!
the block
"I wouldnt call u a homewrecker, id call u a slut!" ctfu at "that 70's show"!
i'm watching old movies with my mama, feel free to come share my couch with me ;)
Getting ready to go to Bakersfield - soundcheck at 10 am! Only 2 drive. Looking forward to the Bakersfield jazz festival !
Kudos to Sean Penn but remember Louisiana, Texas & Alabama “: “The real problem wasn’t the earthquake. It was poverty itself.”
Follow Transdermal transport of microbial antagonists...Biomagnetic Chemical Reactors...Biodefense...
no worries!
O's were 30-51 on the road last year... 9-5 so far in '12...
I got here like an hour early. Oh, well. Better safe than sorry. Anything to see J.T.
DIS SHIT HARDF WORK SO IF U THINK ITS EASY
You can get a recycled yellow bike for $10. How badly do you want to pedal past the suckers in the bus stuck in traffic?
BYO..flask? Earthy items? #familyfest Is Whole Foods catering? They should.
happy to do so and thx for the support
I wanna real relationship , being single is getting boring .
RECENT CLIENT TESTIMONIAL: "Thanks for all your good work in helping me to manage this injury and allowing me to do the marathon."
thanks for the good info today. Always nice to hear from you.
With the 222nd pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Carlos Ruiz
"Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind." (Dale Carnegie)
man i just watched dont be a menace in south central whil driking your juice
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people may not regret divorce but they don't have a destructive divorce.
Attending #NACCU today and tomorrow with Matt McDaniel of Great event for campus card users. Come say hi to me!
Waiting for the #Northeastern #springfest tickets while watching the game!
#FF to these fine folks:
it's beautiful <3 :D I didn't know you were a senior tho
I love that I can see the other person's cursor. How about showing the text they have selected too?
"Just breathe in You'll be fine I'm right here by your side (I love you) Just breathe in You'll be fine (I love you)."
Just finished day two at SharePoint Pro 2010 Summit & Expo. Better Silverlight integration provides richer user experience. Good stuff.
$KORE is steady climbing today, check out the full report here: www.frankspennystocks.com/kore/
RT "The A's have 4 consecutive hits, now here's Josh Donaldson."
Very nice. Bone worthy if I ever done seen lol
some creep just came up to me asked for a lighter than told me his wife got raped last night
What'd you win?
thanks for the follow! Here's to seeing Milwaukee Succeed!
Those jeans look sick. I'll have to drop in HEM and see what's up. Appreciate the word.
We should have re-released our Milwaukee Idol t-shirt!
Thx for the cool shout out!
Got it-send it to your phone. Moses missed you too-you need to come back to your "time share" down here! Xoxo
Happy Holidazee Everyone!Hope you all enjoy the time with your friends and family! Not everyone gets gifts so be grateful for what you have!
Just spotted Zoe Saldana at the premiere of "Machine Gun Preacher"!
They are going to run into the beginning of the #FrenchOpen !
Loved speaking with you
Thanks! I instagrammed and tweeted a regular photo. Lots of RTs. What a sight!
some dude wit dreads
Berman is confident that we can do set standards, assess learning better (than govt), but it's up to us to seize the initiative.
“I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.”
yup so do any of those fit ur situation?
"Don't let yourself be held hostage by your own IT department." Jane Bozarth, Social Media for Trainers,
doing work!!
oh yeah forgot you're moving! But yeah no plans for me just chilling at home!
I REALLY wanna go to Vegas
<SUPER BOWL SUNDAY> STEELERS or PACKERS? SPECIALS ALL DAY... pizza, wings, beer. make ur reservations NOW and get 10%OFF (949)515-9090.
“: you make the thought of college so much better!” 😉🌊
So I'm pissed that Diary Of A Wimpy Kid won over fucken Twilight and Hunger Games. NOW WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK IS THIS BULL.
is there a Minecraft plugin for that or something?
Noeleen: Spokespeople can not be emotional or your crazy CEO will be on TV screaming and swearing at people.
Everyone make the world strong and beautiful. :)
Remember When We Laughed Till We cryed In EachOthers Arms. When We Played Spin The Bottle All Night.When You Took A Cab To My House.Hmh I Do
cracking the fuck up
Had a great productive night here. I think its time to head to La soon.
Joyous video-game shtick - New York Post
My birthday 2DAY
Matt Kemp ends the inning with a spectacular running catch at the warning track, Dodgers 2 Brewers 3, end 7th.
Sibelius First 7 IS GREAT! Now playing with video export! They let you turn off playback line, excellent!! Can't believe how smart this is.
Colon covers first base...small earthquake reported near downtown
RT : Value proposition: the value, competitive differentiators, cost of offering.
Even in my dreams, I'm no good at basketball.
It's time for Friday night pizza!
i like uncritical unreadings actually. affectiveness. i got chills when he said NO!
I went all Mr.Glaser on my history teacher today :o I guess I did learn a lot in his torture chamber of a class :$ o:)
Congrats to Sara Nelson who has moved from Book Editor at O Magazine to Amazon..I was with her last night and she didn't utter a word!!! LOL
Tisk Tisk lo siento. I have been sick all weekend..
I'll be around m'dear.
welcome to the real world man.
I love y'all so much!! !!!!! Yes I'm from Texas and can't wait for your concert on June 23 because that's my birthday!!!!!!
Well thank you! We are looking forward to his arrival!
haha I know
Hope you all had a nice weekend! After having four days off of school, I don't want to go back...
All right!!! Time to audition and I'm gonna knock this one out of the ballpark.
it's becoming obvious both you and have too much free time and don't know how to use Twitter !!
well let me know what you get I'm working on 27
Happy #Shakespeare Day to thou!
Come by and see us we are gonna have a great time today!
looking at girls butts to figure out who that person is.
Aww was a little hero in August Rush! Too Cute!
I steal souls AND haunt dreams.
What motivates you?
We are open every night but Monday.
Thanks for the follow! ,,,,
Who's up? What is everyone doing at this hour?
Who wants to be my bestfriend On Here!!!!:D I'm in a good mood
Why didn't I use sunscreen today? Ohhhhs well :)
Amare's punch to the fire extinguisher has nothing on the Baraboo mirror slam
The Swing by Robert Louis Stevenson. My fav. as a child: How do you like to go up in a swing, Up in the air so blue...
Flute practice= no fun
my team is whoever my husband SAYS our team is. #goteam!
Awesome! I'l see what I can do! can you DM my Joy's contact info?
It's not rocket science...if arrested keep your mouth shut!
RT Happy Pres Day. Many Presidents played #poker including: Grant, Harding, both Roosevelts, Eisenhower, Johnson, Nixon and Obama.
Happy Hour starts at 4pm! Join us at Lackman for a tall cold craft brew! Drink Well, Drink OTR, Drink The Lackman
that kit is about 2000 pieces- its building from the resistors and wires up -it'll be fun! I actually think that and will help u
Bout to eat some popcorn and watch gremlins
Happy Birthday Tom! I hope makes your day extra special!! :)
Marco Valenzuela is a computer graphics artist that has been with Poised Creation from the beginning! Thanks!
Inge goes 1 -3 with a walk in Oakland debut.
I like that he is leaving more space with the left hand during soloing unlike some of the other players.
as if you don't know the noise of a boiler exploding
Let's take both in Philly and win the series back at home.
yay! gotta go practice my singing then(: <3
The boys play "Call of Duty" obssessively, then get freaked out by "Little Shop of Horrors"?
My dear Twitterverse, I promise that someday I'll have more to say than talking music & bitching at Blake.
Sunday is almost here! Cant wait to see you at Urban Flow. It will be just like old times- but NEW. Its filling up, Om Namah Shivaya!
hello!! :) good to be twitter 'friends'
Sorry, I didn't mean to offend. Just seeing how things are going.
Seniors: Free Advocacy Workshop at West Wellness Nov. 30 at 10:15am. Discover easy ways to get involved and stay informed on issues...
Sports analysts still think dan snyder is running the show. Morons
I salute you guy wearing vibrant KU visor and shades w/ crokeys on the train downtown
There's lots of bad guys in the world, not just one.
Powe, Bair, Bailey, Those guys could all step up. Add Gordon and Jackson and suddenly it doesnt look so grim
Rachel Is So Talented ♡
RT : Spring is right around the corner.. Call now for Free Estimates on Lawn mowing, mulching, or any other landscaping.
Heading out to the meeting ! Diplo tonight! You don't want to miss out!!
the USA version is more eye catching but the UK is grim and gritty. Choices choices.
- Axel, As usual, thank you very much for the #FF shout-out -
nice :p
Bloop! Hope to se you guys soon...
Detox Day.
Make sure you add me on Facebook! www.Facebook.com/whitedawgmusic
the question is.. Why were you on nickelbacks fan page?
Are you here on this earth to simply occupy a space or use every minute to work for a future that includes U??? occupy logic & wisdom!
Anyone out there looking for NEW Ground Floor Projects to invest in? Contact me via Email: Thank you.
Hey Guys! If you want a follow back let me know, I have no problem following a Black Eyed Peas Fan! ♥
Matt Cooke suspended for rest of the regular season (10 games) and 1st Round of Playoffs. It's possible he doesn't return until next season
"Sunshine & sorrow always go together...like Good Friday & Easter" - Easter Sermon 2012
yo phone tag me in it on yo Facebook
Following Wishing you all a wonderful and fruitful day ahead!!
Thanks for the follow back!
Its hard holding the camera , and everyone else puts all your fat in the shot when they take your pic for you ..
sounds exciting :P
it was a good year man
Mumbling is just another word for people who try to say I love you
RIP Macho Man Randy Savage...you were one of my faves!
If you live in/near Jacksonville, FL you should check out Rockin Rodz Restaurant. The food is great & they bought 2 of my paintings.
Getting sick
Umpiring in a cute uniform..
This geology teacher is a deceived fellow
is a beast still tough knowing you're not wearing a #bucks uni but best of luck still a fan!
Christmas is coming early to Upward MotionPersonal Training! Come discover the NEW and IMPROVED Open Gym!!!
Surprised by this! Looks like the "bribe reform" premise of NCLB waivers & RTTT may not be foolproof.
Listening to music!(:
Sadly, still no word or apology from cc:
Dad VM re:printer"I found out how to turn it on,I only recognized it bc it has the same circle with the negative sign in it as my lawnmower"
Trying is way harder then giving up right now. Things will be looking up in no time
Little kids don't need naptime. i need it more it than they do
I'm really glad the hooker's nose was opaque. Otherwise her professional life might falter. Isn't pale red it's own color?
Its almost midnight and i'm looking up youtube videos on how to make a rubens tube
Nice upgrade on the phone buddy!
Snow 2 years back to back?
it would be awesome to get a pair of your shoes AP! That way I can look at them and train to be the best every day, ALL DAY!
