That's Scottish Highland dancing....Irish dancers never use their arms!
Please, Apple, come out with a better Twitter photo-sharing service.
When a girl is upset and wants you to listen, LISTEN. She doesn't need you to fix it or tell her how to. She just wants you to listen.
He said that last year too.
Adam Dunn can't catch, can't bat! Bench DUNN this game woulda been over by now... with a SOX WIN!
Can't wait to be strung on giant coins and coin showers tonight.
Church is nearly full for funeral of Delois Brown & her parents. Congregation will hear recording of her singing in the church choir.
AW YEAH! How exciting! I bet you'll be our first! Hurrah!
What are you doing when you got off work? Fiesta con los amigos! Pitchers of Modelo just $12.
Impressive, ! I need you at my next half-marathon! :)
Would you rather be sucked into the world one game of your choice or dream about being in the world of any random game?
Right now someone somewhere is talking about you, talking about what you do or what interests you or your business...try socialinboxcorp
Chicks now a days are so lame.... . Not all just the wack ones
I need a substitute Tweeter. Lol!
I'm so glad to know there are awesome parents out there raising good kids. Said as a member of society AND and educator.
I'm feel good man now since I am off work. How are u?
Best relationship.. When you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time
A great and very strange holiday special, Mr. Bourdain. Congratulations!
either that or they post all 70 of them. 😂
I'm greek
Working on my post. Make sure you follow them for all things fashionable.
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive
You call me werido because you are a fucking werido
Are you ready for New Orleans? We're making lots of food and drink plans for you and Hercules!
and then youll put up an eharmony video. and cry about cats. and actually get guys to like you guy since your awesome!
I think would have to be my favorite at this point. But im very interested in and how he will fit
Out of the band of Eastern mountains barely visible through the mist, a star everyone had counted out, rises ready for her closeup
Everyone on the peir just kept saying "oh my god oh my god". People were laughing and snapping pictures. It felt like family. Amazing.
Must see WCAR this summer no matter what!
jealous of DC - I'll resend link
I don't think blaming all White people on smearing #Trayvon will solve anything.
I lost by 2 rebounds...
anyone verbally using such terms has neural function issues IMHO
Another day of homerun derby for us girls:) 10 on the day!
Prev quote by William S. Burroughs
i tried so hard to be the one that you would think about on your train ride back home.
two things in Texas.....dont mess with Texas and dont mess with nia peeples
Santo was probably the '69(-'73) Cubs personified as Wood personified the 2003-2008 Cubs, for good and bad.
no need to to be sorry.
*gives you shotgun* it may help too “: Insult Taylor Swift in front of me, I'll give you delicious berries named Nightlock.”
Eggnog flavored Polar seltzer? I kinda love it.
#Imweakfor this girl who i'm crazy in love with. she my babygirl and my princessa ;)
see :) can't be sad with me in your life
Poker supplies 75% off! www.eproducts4less.biz
I'm eating a peanut butter bacon burger...
May you start winning soon, and recovering just as quickly. If you were here, I'd wonder if it was allergies-high mold count tdy
Every right decision I’ve ever made has come from my gut, & every wrong decision I've ever made was a result of me not listening. -Oprah
Wait, now they're saying the fire WAS here. #DodgerStadium. All is well, though.
the new Blake Griffin Kia commercials>>
Thanks for the reply you have a good sense of humor!
ya cari's got a shitty personality
I want the scuba (sp)
Lol Thanks. That's all I'm saying son...be kind. Rewind.
There’s no easier way to put your personality into your home than with paint. What is your favorite color you have painted in a room?
Great weather and a new ankle brace. Where can I go for #pickupsoccer in #chicago?
U think is a lot like ? I think so....
Branding some extraordinary online deals for our client's franchises -because deals make customers, business, and the economy happy.
#Objectivity is dead.
": California on friday ! (:"
Ugh i should've took that ticket when i had the chance
I fell ya ma.
“ I like how didn't tell me she was goin to prom !”
Reading your twitter feed always makes me want a vacation! Where are we going?
I Love How We Ended Right Has A Love The Way You Lie Sound To It!!!
I got pissed this one time when I found out he changed the price from $1 to $1.25! So I just took the ice cream without paying.
Ron Artest is weird
Risk-takers CHANGE the world...
why are my days off always out numbered by the days I have to work.
ok. We can coordinate time and location offline next week.
get your booty over to the house
Time shared is the most precious and valuable we have together. We cannot keep it, but only slow it down. Like sand running thru our fingers
i am begging for the laughter to stop
lol why does it suck for me huh? 👋💢
XO, baby! One year down, 55 to go!!
then why the gross hashtag? should be
are you judging me Paris? lol
just found you on youtube. Good stuff man. Keep it up, and stay safe.
why do viewers want to kill Shane? He's the best solider in the group. Second n command to Rick.Has guts to do what it takes.
me too! Wednesdays are my 10th floor days... HH next week? Week after?
You are welcome! You provide great tweets, tips and info for the disability community - thank you.
Happy Valentine's Day to my twitter friends..if you're lonely on this day, huff paint till you pass out
yes. The church that goes too.
I'm reading it as well. My first Stephen King. Hope you'll provide further bulletins as events warrant.
I like your words and retweets of wisdom. :)
It's Black Friday... please be careful out there.
we got you sir hit us up
Have you tried any of the Sprecher beers?
me to i wanna go to Justin's concert as well
Us too. Mother Nature better not get PMS before Saturday
this is not what it appears to be my porn bot followers
The #Lakers getting crushed brings joy to my heart.
Omge two of my followers ( & ) need to get tf alone cough cough !!
aquamarine with my daddy-o:) haha I love him:) “I'm gonna pop a tail”:) #cookiestoo:)
Congratulations to you and your team on being named agency of the year.
So hungry Gsssshhhh
I'm super excited about this next DS. I hope it's clear!
Hi, Thanks fo the follow! I am an entrepreneur, making legal-themed chess sets. I'm an English prof by day! Nice to meet u!!!
same here brother “: I'm thinking I'm just gonna take it easy today. Kick back and relax #springbreak12 #CrittCo”
“: Omg when you search up "Flawless Homosexuals" on Google Images, pictures of One Direction come up lmfao aw.” not surprised
Your team was too crazy. Next year we play for big $!
nope HOW R U?? My bday is Friday =)
Pondering: the real fed retiremt issue is that there r not enough Xers (=mid mgrs) (not millenials) in fed wkfc to replace boomer gap
you too!!
Rachel lol I been on Twitter for a while didn't know you were on here
Watching 's movie with my 12-yr old. He's fascinated!
there's a business in this area that has as their motto 'We Show Up.' not exactly inspiring, but around here a great start.
I thought we are best friends, but i choose the wrong person.
#ktrusuccess RT : KTRU was my college -where i formed friendships, learned about music, started record label.
Thanks brotha. Chicken soup and movies for me
write about it for the filmstage? What did you have in mind? Little crazy this weekend...
Wow, such a powerful voice.
ADAPT X Camp starts tonight at 7:30pm...it's not too late to register.
last chance prostitutes of seattle.... secret service is getting ready to leave
time to get this blog party started grubes
WOW. I did not keep my cool like. Best part was how they said "Channel 6" was welcome---that was exact spot we were attacked!
your listening to them with out me... On a Sunday!!!
#jetsetter -- if you're going to do it anywhere, I'd pick the Caribbean!
I'm rooting for the NY Rangers tonight but only because I don't want to ride the train with a bunch of drunken violent people.
...both n'sync like a Justin song, feels so right but it's just so wrong.
haha! It seems that way!
Adele's, "21" it's not an album...it's otherworldly and a religious experience! Congrats on the well deserved Grammy nominations!
it must be the Malcolm name because I would totally do this!!
Good morning :) Nice to see you on here!
ROLLING, ROLLING, ROLLING, ROLLING ON A RIVER
they announced 2 bps coming to Denver area last week.
Mary Tyler More, More MORE! :)
I'm too much of a bitch though.
Coming up with good ideas is so much more difficult than the actual writing
Heading to the Dancing with the Stars after party with and for his birthday. #LAsFinest baby!
and services like blur the line even further. though they depend on a different idea of identity.
Brian Williams is in town?! This is the best week ever!
: it's too early to be flying....haha!!
yeah. I'm going into work today but will leave if it's crazy. Not going in on Monday.
Keep up the good fight! “: Thank you for the follow! Appreciate your support. #C4CT”
RT : Theorizing The Wire. Tool for service learning! Awesome.
What are your natural abilities or talents? Everyone is gifted in one way or another.. You may not realize it, but you have it.
but it's triple hopped!
We will begin accepting credit cards in the coming weeks! Stay tuned!
Your career brand is innovation
will open at 5 am tomorrow!!!
I promise Hahaha;)
i think so! i can't say no to tortoise shell.
Candying bacon. Because it is there...and as a garnish for the corn & hot pepper soup.
Wearing a bandana i feel like
Where would you place the Hit Squads "Head Banger"
Come pick up your very own copy of the summer issue and uptown !
Man, those are big names next to little ole me!
a quiet office is a good office :) no migraine today!
Come back to or just San Francisco in general :) You're super nice.
the office reaks of man urine. no thanks to
Hurray! Thanks! We're looking forward to a great dinner and trying
Film in Reference Universe: “Performing Arts and the Gothic: Alfred Hitchcock” in Gothic Literature: A Critical Companion from
Happy Sunday! Life is slowly getting back to normal.
Beer Who is coming with me?
Oak Mountain Elementary School PTO sets child safety workshop
This time 2 years ago I was finishing my pro vball season in Switzerland, now I'm designing a website. Never saw that one coming.
Love sleeping during thunderstorms. Ah April showers...
Destiny is 4 losers that make an excuse for sitting around and waiting for something to happen instead of making things happen
www.madisonavenue.com - take survey to re-design Madison Ave, Midtown Memphis.
skill that I got! :]
Man, I wish this press conference didn't bore me. I know I'm supposed to be super-engaged, but I'd rather read the summary later thx
Can you get your CEO to respond to a soc med crisis w/in 4 hrs? Does CEO travel w/flipcam, for ex?
“Dear 12 year old on Facebook, how are you in a complicated relationship? Did they steal your cookies?!
women's key. i actually got a thank you!
#LSUvOKST because Saban said himself if you don't win your conference you don't deserve a shot at the crystal.
I have a choice. I can go outside without a jacket and get rained or wear a jacket, be protected by the rain but be too hot
lolololololol roflmao....I'm so embarrassed😱😱😱
Also, the acronym YMAEWK is for You Me and Everyone We Know, and if you don't know what that is, then that's fine too. We're very welcoming.
Just sat down at the CODiEs gala—ready to applaud all the excellent nominees!
Damn you Michaels how do you not sell fabric?
I miss Dance in the dark :'(
The Zagat Survey of Washington, D.C., lists Firehook Bakery among its Top 10 Best Buys reflecting the best dining values in the survey.
You left Ryan out :P
Listening to Love On Top
RT : I just found a company that has the cheapest $795 and it only took 14 days #CreditSweep on #Market 480-719-5360
5 minute voicemail? That is ENTIRELY too long.
The Eddie Izzard bit on this is to die for
Ew. Retweeting a bible verse is the fastest way to get unfollowed.
Not sure if I shud listen to 's geniusness or not...
so, how were the beer-shaped jelly sweets?
Sorry dads getting lil mad
Please retweet if you would like to see perform on !!!
Awesome show ladies!! & #TxSUAlums doing GREAT things.
Alright all is there a way I can delete some of my followers?
watchin menace to society
The most successful brand positioning statements are simple to understand and repeated year after year after year.
don't you mean "alleged criminals?" ; P
thanks so much what u up to??(:
let's where our gym shirts tomorrow for the beat down
Has anyone had sex in space yet? Why not?!?
winning SBs is what its all about.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet president clinton....seems cool
Love your Hunger Games bracelet in your "Not over you" video <3 :D
Thanks for following. I really dig your sound and style. It is some truly great songwriting. Best wishes to you always.
It's painful to say goodbye to someone you don't want to let go, but more painful to ask someone to stay when you know they want to leave.
..high jacking their PC with a virus that has a worm connecting them so you can pilfer her info, is not very conducive, especially if
I love how I'm being forced to spend money... I better have enough to buy these outfits haha
Much deserved.
I believe you are spamming and have been hacked
Best night ever:))
literally just received an SMS from Legal saying we cannot use the Cloud ofr TRojan Hears Network so must tweet waivers every hour
I would love to do a photo shoot of you sometime
Girl come on...uh we need to make my tawats into an adult swim show like robot chicken but with no playdoh
hahahah u see why i need an asst too hah
D.o.d dollars ova Dick
Congrats to UCSD Zor for winning Tufaan 2011 and receiving a bid to BA 2011.
I actually like the "Occupy Nationals Park" shirts the Phillies fans are rockin'. Pretty clever on their end, which I didn't expect.
What happened? “ Sorry to hear about what happened to Tyler Perry studios...”
I saw Napoleon last Saturday. Breathtaking & so avant-garde!! Also, saw you from across the theater. Hope to catch up at AMIA!
Normal?! Hardly. Hahaha!
I so would if I looked like a Michelle
Taking my digital final exam! Wish me luck!
i thought that was just to get hard?
From John Care: "You will never "find" time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.” Charles Bruxton , English philanthropist.
download "Gutter Rainbows"...the whole LP. its worth it. work your way backwards from there.
Go go gadget Frozen Yogurt!
If I was a guy I'm guessing my dick would be a solid 9 inches. /via
Good seeing you at health club last week! I also had good workout tonite.
Elite Showcase Basketball Classic and Virginia Elite is in the building tonight!
WHERE ARE OUR PATRIOTS? Why won't you join? www.pledge4patriots.com WE SUPPORT THE CAUSE
Ok. I cried. AH!!!! Brilliant. Just Brilliant. Dear God, please let there be a season 7..... PLEASE!!!!!!!
Keys a car park illegally in a handicap spot.
weird juxtaposition isn't it?
SHUT UP
LMAO, I'm so amused.
Thank the lord. I was just going to bother you about that. You are too pretty to have an egg as your photo!
is it off now?
you didn't reply to my DM yesterday. ):
lmao it won't be! But we can't let Tahj pick b/c he'll have us watching stupid guy movies
go follow
Tomorrow night. #m83 at I love you,
Glad Sixers got that win tonight!
yep. It wasn't just tacos, but all my restaurant purchases last month. A little scary.
Come on Allen
I love how owners like to compliment one another. Its like we're part of an awesome travelers club.
Or Robert Ludlum. RT : I don't know who Robert Mudlum is. Just saying,
Movie and wine with my sister! ... and her boyfriend :)
' Those look really cool!
Ain't that crazy it seem like right after she leave i be missin her SMH
anyways hater ! stop tlkin to me tht ..
Nothing makes great writers like great readers. If you have young people writing for school, read it, enthuse, ask if you can pass it on!
CNBC report "invest in the night" .... #PG Management
Wedding reception time!
I have to be a bitch because sometimes being a lady does not get the job done.
Wow, President Obama won the Nobel Prize!
welcome. it's totally homosexual here.
Dinner with the boys and for mayer for malibu
Final countdown to our upstairs patio opening catch the #Corona after party at 7pm and start your summer off right!
I'd take Varitek throwing the ball to the wrong base rather than throwing it to no base.
I am in snap city! 3 days in a row of #TEAMNUKEM with
Rt if you're going to opening day!!!!
Jax Teller. Everytime I see MamaJax it makes me think of his character's wife on the show. I know...weird.
": Follow my friend who lives in a Eskimo. at " ahh he ment igloo...i hope!!!
haha dont hold that I''m a Bills fan against me!!
Definitly down by contact!!
Sounds awesome + worthy of attention. We need nationally recognized expert for consulting project so seeking slightly different.
you get the point:))
I'm so sorry. There'd definitely would be some legal action coming her way... :-(
Yes u can win all of those awards your nominated for and u should for all your hard work in all ares and peoplehate
nice but a little lonely. No husband, children...just me & the neighbors cat who ventures in my yard every now & then...haha
: Know what? Lol
I love that y'all call it Sally time. Thank you.
I miss the bad things, The way you hate me, I miss the screaming, The way that you blame me! Miss the phone calls
NBA Development League Exceeds One Million Fans In Attendance At Games For.
I got that for an OMF that was for a 45 min show. My handles were set to 5 sec.
just had a vagina monologue at the gym
what's good peanut shaped head ass Lil college student. Lmao
#np Payphone - Maroon 5 "All those fairy tales are full of ...." I'm in love with the song
you got it boy!!
Happy Monday Morning! Have a great day!
We'll be at the East Austin Art Tour tonight as well being open at 24th and San Antonio. BBQ for everyone!
second favourite hockey team is the blackhawks....right??? ;)
“: BABY FACEBOOK: By age 2, 92% of children have an Internet presence & 6% have social-networking accounts, says study.” / Wow
I am super psyched for our lunch date next week! And yes, I used the word "psyched"!
HA. Go Pack Go! RT : Just signed the birth certificate while Jana was sleeping. Everyone, meet Rambo Lambeau Liakos.
I'm jealous, and still stuck on "Preparing Image . . . "
Lazy day today. (:
What is up with white people in Chicago exactly?
in #Chicago I'd take it in a second!
Its pretty fucking good!"
thank you :) <3 love
Great job Gladys!
let's go #blackhawks!
Thanks for following! We have a similar niche. We should schedule an intro call, perhaps we can refer one another deals!
Follow my friend , graphic artist published in some cool tattoo mags. She rocks at girl tats.
SP Tool Tip: Idera Site Monitor, Space Trends to monitor which sites are taking max resources Database Accelerator - Point out Bad Indexes;
God doesn't give the things we want, but the things we need. God doesn't give the people we want, but the people we need. Have faith!
<<<<<<<<< you gone Need king Kong if you step to me. You gone learn today now let's play
Dnt be sendin no bullshit like that to ma twitter account
Congrats to for being superawesomecool silent auction winners last night!!
about to work on this shirt design for
Mind boggling. The stitches on the shoes got me too. Very curious. My head is spinning!
thanks very much. Hope all is well in the beautiful rock up north. Cheers from a warm Scottsdale.
Uh, not a good start for Colby Lewis.
gotcha thanks i will check it looking forward to it:)
Minus Pandora, I realize I find most music-related webapps and social media irresistible.
its ur b-day?!!! I didn't know!!! Happy, happy Birthday hun!!! I hope u had a blessed one!!!
pay attention
Kool & the Gang are great and all (I swear I'm hearing every 90s rap sample ever) but all I want are some face-melting Eddie Van Halen riffs
thank you!
Scott Pilgrim. <3
“: Wow. Do you really need the names? Alomar, Baerga, Belle, Hargrove and Lofton. #Indians royalty
No I won't ask you.
Blake!! You're missing disk 2 of season 9! I swear I didn't lose it! I just opened it!
THANKS !! We're trying to help people keep it local in Houston and let them know where we are and how we can help them!
glad to hear it! we could make some sweet custom stuff for the rock school, just sayin. :)
Tonight! Pre-funk with Travis Baron at the Cap Club, Made Like a Tree at clubhouse, Innerflight party at Church of Bass, Analog at Rebar.
Heading out to NYC tomorrow to hang out with all you Flash Peeps before Flash on Tap! See ther rest of you in Boston on Thursday :D
Just saw some guy in my neighborhood on a motorized skateboard with a seat. I think it was
They're honestly the best seris I've ever read. It was so amazing, I literally read from 11am to 1am. All day, everyday.
The Bluest Rye
Check out our Facebook page for some fun pictures of Halloweens past, and be sure to come see our staff in costume this Saturday!
Wow. How could Peyton Manning and the Colts part ways? Why don't the Colts have Peyton teach Andrew Luck until Peyton's done.
Waiting for a beautiful baby boy to be born. :D I'm so excited.
i'm "working" as a volunteer receptionist at my son's high school. as eg would say, "Have to be cute, smart and funny!"
“Leadership is not a noun. It’s a verb. It’s active. It’s movement.”
big mama's in NO East is good.
- congraduations! :) I'll be in Portland in a few weeks. Liked it last time I was there.
Time 2 announce the winner for Kontempo's giveaway! The lucky winner is call us at Kontempo 402.714.3888 2 claim your prize!!
Kiss me till your drunk <3
i was actually talking about the smile)))
did you every think that was more like cheese crack then a cheese crisp?
stay off my twitter.
in louisiana :))
Happy Record Store Day! ya`ll go out & support your local INDEPENDENT music seller.Lots of good free stuff out there only available today.
Trying so hard to stay awake for the next 40 minutes until my flight boards... Remind me to never take another flight at 1:00AM!!
always. If I ever have a band, it will be called The Always Alreadys.
Signing off twitter to avoid UFC spoilers... g'nite!
no actually going to Patagonia
I am actually pretty good dancer too much partying in undergrad
Driving, she hit a median—in Silver City—and maybe she overcorrected—and her truck rolled in a ditch—and was leaking gas—and now she's hurt.
i think i should GO AHEAD and take tht chance
I'm in the shop on Mon, Tues, and Wed, afternoon. Call me for an appointment at 888-3-WALK-EZ.
well, is a funny, insightful writer who doesn't appreciate our relationship.
Thank you 4 ur support Carly! We are keeping the dream alive!!! tks tks tks
Lol, only fun part about that was seeing my friends☺👍💜 guess I'll have to deal with one more year.
I think my downstairs neighbor has a table saw. Or an broken foot massager. Or an insane vibrator. One of these. Or maybe all of these.
Shiet idk man. I have a lot of stuff to do out here but if im out there ill def hit you up
Watching way too much Netflix. I like catching up on shows.
Thank YOU AV!!!! You did some AMAZING work! Video will be up on 's YouTube tonight
Put that there in the summer, they have a lot of AAU video..haven't updated that in a while though, will add you in
I won a high school title, does that make me Dan Marino?
XD look up True Life
Anyone want a sneak peak of my One Direction cover tomorrow?
haha that fan pic is funny as hell..whats good for tonight..were tryin to link up with yall
Has anyone else noticed that GG & MJ have the same noses?
6 new communities comming soon located in Homestead Miami Doral Cooper City & Delrey Beach for info contact me at
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height
anyone still following any of the #new52 from the #DCU ? I havent read any since about December... are there any favorable storylines?
Pussy weed n weed lol
how u get a blister
was it successful? I'm curious to what you did.
Happy #Halloween from Have a safe and #spooky good time!
A pivotal time in Greg's young life. Envious!
Yooo its cold here in chicago smh
check your facebook messages.
Good, maybe i can hold on to some of my money.... :)
probably the same.
Need a room and equipment management solution? Stop by and learn about Room Reserve. Demo starts at 2 PM in booth #1817!
He tweeted during the red flag stoppage not while driving. C'mon man!!
Can't believe I almost got fired when I was off the clock
Great voice, enjoyed your performance.
Overheard: "I was at last year's session when the DTTF was formed, and what they've done in just 1 year is miraculous!"
What if i just dyed my hair green? Like green green. I'm so over my hair....
Just noticed that earlier today!
That moment when you realize all of your #SciFiSeaCreature movie love came from your childhood obsession of
"Thanks Mom."
Im in so much pain.
Creed concert tickets for Milwaukee, San Antonio, Las Vegas, Woodlands, Cuyahoga Falls, Cincinnati go on sale this weekend.
aron live there huh bum
amen..gloria a Dios..
RT - #Jacksonville #Jaguars placed CB David Jones (undisclosed) on injured reserve, ending his season.
For the 90th time Go Habs Go!
Lol RT : I don't have a bucket list but my fucket list is a mile long.
I don't want to jinx it but......Giants are rolling!
#MTP Chuck Todd annoys the crap out of me.
The time change just rocked my world. I was actually awake at 5:00, and didn't notice til 9:00.
Spurs taking it tonight..sweep baby
Now jello shots in champagne.
next up for the band: on March 24, don't forget to get your tickets early for this great event
Making Superbowl Sunday Plans? Don't forget to stop by Di Pasquale's! OPEN Super Bowl Sunday February 5, 9am-2pm
Have fun if you do! :)
Chris doing a site tour with Tate at U of M today! Checking out the Stadium, Indoor Practice Field, Weight Room and meeting friends.
Better now than during the season, right?
DJ Wizz Kid rare Saturday appearance tonight at SUITE!!!!
So I wish I was a slave to an age-old trade. Lord have mercy on my rough and rowdy ways. #
Thx...how can it not be a great weekend. It started off with #Avengers then beer after. ;)
Thanks for the RT.
Gah! Internet is out cuz of snow storm!!!
I have enough funding to have you killed another 342 times. Maybe we should just have lunch instead...
u get the DVD we sent?
Thank you for the re-tweet hope you can make it :)
Night twitter :)
I'm game for a rematch, but after three losses in a row in WI are you?
Im hungry :/
hahahaha.... I have a secret obsession with taco bell too .... Don't tell no one lol
Bankruptcy filings in February up 10% from January according to ABI report
Lmao i hope i get it too! Cuz we could have hella fun together while makin money lol
I dnt care how 'cute' Jake is, he's still a freaking Witch Hunter and i hate him. Btw, What the heck was wrong with Cassie?
Check out our facebook page, Entrepreneur School For Kids, and Tell us what you think. :>)
talk her in to joining you and Prospect Park. You're a great combo.
That's so cool!
I just lost money betting against the 49ers but how do u not feel good them winning this game. Wow!!!
you should have ratigan every week
#Follow_Back Following back legitimate followers.
tnx to all my new followers!!!!
Find a job.
yes he does. which one did you just see?
An ep of #Portlandia is being filmed across the street from my parents' house. #IsntThereARuleYouHaveToTweetThatStuff?
You only keep those in your life you grew up with, what about those you met on the journey, the ones who befriended you before all of this.
Now I'm feeling kinda crazy,but not just any crazy,is the kind you feel when you drink out the bottle and you gotta drive doin 80
awww we miss you too! Sheesh its been waaaayyy too long! We're having withdrawls!
Wants to get two T-shirts one that says "im with stupid" and the other says "hi im stupid"
where u at boah
I would love to tan without tan lines but not go jogging or run errands.
HA OMG I THINK I REALLY MIGHT BE STUPID. I was scrolling through the tweets shooting down haters and I didn't
Michael. Buble in a leather suit...... .I remain naseous
So far I would have to say a pretty exiting
i guess i'm starting my round2 off early by going to a kegger in lakeview. woo
Bollywood singing time
hello stranger! Your dad is in my prayers and hope he gets well soon. Art Basel has been a good time like always!
Five years ago: Canada won hockey's world championship with a 4-2 victory over Finland.
Not sure if I'm ready to venture out to concerts yet. My sleep is not particularly regular yet with my 6-month old. Some day...
I feel that Wiley's, publishers of the new Air Farce book, really missed the boat by confining this colourful comedy group to black & white.
vermouth is gross.
what do you want for dinner?
The is blessed to have on board! Give a follow to OU alumna & our new manager of communications Amanda Fylan!
Thanks for the note - I'll have to try it :) Hope you had a nice visit to Cspace yesterday!
At the ortho with daughter. She only has 6 months left!
I haven't had this good of a night in a while :) thanks and
#Lasttweet clippernation all day im going to bed
Aw, Jose said "You high? </3" Cause he doesn't want me to get high anymore. Lololololol.
By night huh? I like it D$. We are almost at year since I met u & the gang at Sausages. I had you at my vintage Coors pitcher.
I loved CODE NAME VERITY so much - am very happy I heard about it on the first YA galley chat!
So you fancy tackling my Android jobs?! A degree in all things Star Wars related probably won't help you. How are you mate?
Ah, got it. Well I hope they get back to you. Silence = frustrating.
": I got an idea for a song w/ me & Retweet if u'd like to hear this & I'll hit em up & make it happen!"
this is first time ill ever say it but im exciting to go work today yay me lol
Budget report suggests a $5 increase on ALL parking tickets instead of a $10 increase of street sweeping tickets.
Ok, I'm outta roaming, hooray!
Its already too late too. My mother was yelling at me and I missed my chance... :(
It's funny how I used to loathe Justin Bieber, but now I'm totally swooning over him. 0.o
its 11:11 make a wish....my wish is for you to follow me:-) <3
Going out with my boy :]]]
Austin has grown on me c:
Finding out that some of the voice actors from Overblood 1 were in some pretty high profile Movies/shows. This is freaking me out.
Possibly thee worst shift ever.
I've thought about that... next semester i'm in a digital media entrepreneurship class and I want to play with the idea
"Romney: Obama is leading the country ‘sideways" #yahoonews Will it be as much fun as the movie?
Down here in Orlando. the game was Great!!!!Lebron u were awesome,Let's do the damn thing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
G.M.N.I.: I've been given too much time to think. That's never good.
Jason Rosenbaum: I'm your biggest fan.
You better be careful, mister.
RT Love is the only light that can truly read the secret signature of another person's individuality & soul.~John O'Donohue
oh =/ it would have been soo cool if we were going the same day
Attention #Tampa Bay - Play Friday Pop Quiz Challenge at 12pm NOON!
hahahaha i wish u was serious ,,, so i know its real
you had me at vodka! and now Bacon and bloody mary! OMG. :)
Obsess with the Nominated movie The Descendants such a beautiful story my fav movie of the last 3 years lol
I really don't want to go test drive cars... yet it's something I have to do and needs to be done on a weekday
BUT, if he were to come in in the best shape of his life, COMMIT to defense and team ball? Could be top 10.
will be thrilled to see the work! RT So thrilled to be working with the brilliant & !
how do you bring stu up to speed if they are behind on the tech scene? what if learning curve too great?
If man is free, god does not exist. Conversely, if god exists then man is not free.
So you can keep.the diamond ring? Def a post divorce song
How can anyone who spends $990 on 1 blouse even pretend to understand life for real women trying to figure out how to afford shoes for kids.
From e-books to artist books.
i love how it starts, "get this,"
godspeed, praying for your quick recovery Nile
: LOL to Cinco de Mayo but yes! We're long past due 4 a run! Let's try 4 next weekend
i get to see cody december 3 with btr!!!!! its happening in my town!!! :o
My 3 boys used to come home when I whistled a big whistle.Even now,all 4 heads turn if I whistle within their earshot. (hubby responds 2) :)
hi, just got back and start to Tweet. :)
yeah, this is what we call a correction for the bubble of government spending in those nations.
Congrats! RT : The Good Jobs is 2012 Innovative HR Tech Product of the Year!
robocop: the movie --> out in 2013!
i hate how my tummy starts growling when im alrdy tucked in bed and my teeth are brushed! -.-
Thanks to of for including in his startup report this week.
thanks for guessing, but not close ;) “: My guess it is a homemade lollipop?”
check out at Venom Seattle Saturday Aug. 6th!
I hate you romo
Can I make it up to you with lunch?
I'm going out on a limb, but those two things are not the same, really.
We just heard that you're nominated for 3 #EMMYS!?!? Congrats Jesse!
About to get my day started.
how is any team going to have 3 or 4 1st round picks to trade up for Luck?
innovation lab USC talking "second screens: so what?" w Jonathan Taplin
Happy national best friend's day!
LOL. Hi Victoria :-)
u wasn't alive when they had tim hardaway and chris mullin or a few years ago they beat dallas in the playoffs?
The Avatar is back baby! I've waited far too long and now the wait is over!
I need something to do. I must get out this house
Anyone here the NPr stories today?? How about that eye surgery you can get so you can have 3D vision...
hello Twitter
"What will you remember 10 years from now, that you decided to write that English paper …" (1 of 3 )
thanks for your response. Not too many people that I know appreciate RS
"Don't make excuses—make good!" ~ Elbert Hubbard
We're like little kids on Christmas Eve! Can't sleep, too excited for tomorrow!!!!
Awesome! I'll be there tomorrow and hope to meet you at HH meetup
millard south gold today. ill be on here most of the time.
Always a perfect day on South Beach love it :-)!!!!
goodluck. All I can say..
idk im just always on here and talkin about mb lol
- congrats man! You guys deserve it!
So wishing i had a movie with in it! I'm feeling some Chlo-movie time! Too bad my brother broke Let Me In :(
lol...practice makes perfect, keep tweeting :)
So I've been told I have a big personality is there any truth to this??
TY! #dh11 #altac #alt-ac Good point. Though is at McGill in Canada. How might it differ in UK, eg?
Working now! Thanks for checking in, you probably got a loo of those :) Happy Friday!
Boiling on the #1. Happy Tuesday - hope you get lucky!
You're welcome! Exciting to see the beginning of 24/7 customer support via social media
jus shot some your way
Thank you, OTBgames! Love your games!
innocence makes you feel young? yes, I think it returns us to our beginning self-before the defenses, and life learnings
Today is the birthday of Christian ♥
Good news #Brewers fans, you will be off of work before this game is over.
Don't get sick! Or we'll have to go out for chicken soup instead of cocktails.
Brave looks cute... The Descendants looks like it has potential..
hey! That was nice. Thank you!
I just purchased " My So Called Life " on DVD and I'm not sorry.
so glad u guys are having us! It's gonna be awesome! One hell of an interview!
Wow standing ovation for ms Jill Scott who just went IN
If I am a tease, you have a lot to please
Wow, Denzel Washington isn't lacking in pompous snobbery is he?
Thank you to and all for great #GroveCabFranc #Tweetup. Look forward to another soon!
Thanks! I love those floors! =)
It was like a corner left..... Really?
Excellent..RT : have you heard? I'm in a show on 5/11 at so stop on by, doors open at 6:-)
I still don't understand why people follow parody accounts...
sounds like a plan
oh, thank you much! Hope you are enjoying a beautiful weekend, Cybele!
Ah you making money for the babysitting? As for me I'm sadly sick, but at least after having half a day's worth of rest-
by indonesia
Kerry's hair is also great might I add.
In the bed I go hard like Jordan I love it when I'm with u baby
The Auburn defense is punching out already in the 3rd Q. LSU 28 AU 3
You'll note that "correct" and "right" are synonyms, COINCIDENCE?
Oh Yeah!
Honestly, ANYTHING buy mustard. I absolutely can't do mustard.
Lol I'm about to do something I never thought I'd do. All in the name of. .
Nope. A few clouds
that's a sorry sorry person! R u ok?
When 1 door closes, another dr.opens; but we so often look so long & so regretfully upon the dr, that we do not see the 1s which r open 2 us
Agree. Why fix that? : This is awesome. "Fixed occasional issue where a guest would arrive to the player’s wedding dead"
It is a gorgeous night in Austin. So thankful for lazy Sundays with my boys
Your disrespectful to him man lol and we are talking about Jim Brown and his movie is just starting to come. Coincidence lmao
English tea. Sunny day. Life is good here in Portland.
i make sure i will. are yaw working upward bound this yr?
#DallasCowboys What Bill Parcels had partially built is finally imploding. The Parcels wave has finally come to shore!
Leaving for Jordan tomorrow!! It's finally here woo!
When I said, "yeah, sure", but what... literally what I said was "yeah, sure, sir."
1 More day and im gone!
Last call! Tonight it is Latino Night at Salute! $7 Shrimp brochette and $7 Italian Margaritas. 46 East Superior!
corinne is sitting in marketing telling me how big my boobs are getting.... hahahhahahah
Just saw a hummingbird in our yard for the first time, sniffing around the crape myrtle blossoms.
Woot! Wish you all we're here! HA! #TwitterMovie Fun! =D
I wish was my son so I could make him baked goods and convince him to play for me anytime I wanted.
Have you reserved your table/seat for the New Year's Eve Party in the Pier Bar?
Whenever I see dried vomit on the ground it takes me back to what once was and what could've been.
Resisted the urge to sign an email to a vendor rep "Cheers & beers."
even one you would recommend most? coming from someone w/ expertise this would be helpful
I was so disappointed in my cowboys what is going on. I miss players who played together as a team.
it wasn't my word choice but while she misspoke it was still an interesting quote
I need professional pictures taken soon does any one have any contacts or know of any studios
I've noticed. I'm trying to sell my home and haven't had too much luck yet. Hopefully soon.
Great day in the mud
really hope to see way more of Duffy.
ya lo sabe!!! No hay que confiarse.
lets get this trending #travishenningisaboss!
Correction. A donette. A small donut. Suitable for those not willing to go full donut. Like me.
thanks - good luck with next weeks event!
We're lucky to have you in PS ! RT Happy 13th anniversary with !
Eatting subway for dinner tonight Yumm #YEE (: Lol it makes me think of and his subway song lol
Going to watch my bro kick ass in baseball
Lol #epicsaxguy has a vitamin water commercial! Classic!
That whole "you got peanut butter in my chocolate or chocolate in my peanut butter" is pretty similar to my theory on how aids got started
Gorgeous day for a Relay.
MT : Kim Jong-il and I watched "When Harry Met Sally" - he fast-forwarded to the end so they could be together sooner. Romantic.
Are you ready for the weekend?? Well we are...have any big plans?
I don't like it when ppl snap at me.
After the Dem House gives the shaft to the Rep's, how can ANY dem even try to complain about the Senate redistricting!
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom. Robert Frost
I'm eatinn now !
I jus wona say goodmorning to all ugly ass bitches lol straight up
luv your grandson and send us some Oregon tweets. See you at the market when you get back
that is absolutely amazing! Congrats on making it through the process.
#np laid to rest by lamb of god
People showing up at 130, time for second wind.
THANK YOU ...!! And oh shit all this time I was thinking I was mentioning the real one lol
Self... We gonna need our actions to line up with heart & spirit
Asshole! Ya no me hables then :P
sister my sister!
How is ice dancing considered an Olympic sport and lap dancing isn't?
THIS. “: Is Google Drive actually a new product, or just a rebranding of the Google Docs filesystem with a desktop client?”
awww but at least your getting paid mad money!!! #jealous. Soo.... No ones here.. Lmao!!
Jaden Smith's voice >>
#ILostMyVirginityTo a Destiny's Child song. My 17 year old brain was like "Yo, that's romantic as hell, son."
It's bad when you have to look around every few second -.-
so many great bands NOT inducted into the hall.
Got a nice donation of DVDs today . . . with the directive. "make sure there's no porn in there."
Rain has stopped the sun is out, drop in for some patio specials: $3 glass of select wines, cheese & crackers $7.99, big case discounts!
Reduced fixed cooldown of demonic fire to 2.5s.
Fuck it let's 1337 this shit up and call it "D1AbL0 ]|["
RT : I think we should move to demanding positions from AAP members on #SOPA #RWA soon
#nashville #help need southern style locations for a photo shoot tomorrow!!!!
I'm so glad about the Corgi at the end. I was starting to develop a low self-esteem.
We're dying to know who is getting your votes for this year's #Oscars! Do tell...
So bummed that I can't go to the premier tonight. Darn you, 8AM exams!
Thanks, *that* was exactly what I was missing. And, yes, I think that's a cool idea.
thanks for the follow! Love working with you :-)
We saw one the other day with 6 cop cars. It was insane! And the driver was just roaming around. Clearly not a threat.
Don't forget the Cricket!!
and we're thankful for your thankfulness!
Inventors: Margaret Knight invented machines that stopped factory workers being injured & a machine that makes flat-bottomed paper bags.
Cool! We'll be stopping by your booth!
Thank man! I appreciate you taking the time to listen.
just got off work bout to hop on some call of duty aye...
Doing well. Thanks.
Jam jammie dodgers are the best,ew at toffee and chocolate.
people are so emotionally draining
Are you in SEA and interested in being part of a focus group for ? Anytime this week, $50 for your time - Let me know!
Pulse Bare coming up at 10:30!
so ill let u think on that(:
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. - Henry Ward Beecher
I just want a follow back from ☺👍❤
Any live feeds for the ireland match? Can't find it in the U.S ffs....:(
Starting the morning with a little Bill Withers ... it's gonna be a
hehe ;) well u guys wanted it! Did u like it ? (: RT it please <3
I'll take one of those air guitars for sure. Let me know when you do it. So I can make room in my collection.
Everyone, go follow ! She will follow back!.
Thankful for all the independent women who have shaped my personal and professional lives.
damn just now realizing the difference between the iPhone retina display and my late generation iPod
Tonight Come Laugh at 8PM with
RT : Video is a must for social media in 2009.
I really news my shot I seem to be getting more anger each day I don't have it
And give thanks for everything to God the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Ephesians 5:20,
Oh great. Its gonna rain tomorrow. Some j4ck4ss down the street just washed his car :)
Offspring No. 1 just left for Coachella. Me: will you txt me? Email? Facebook? Him: You can follow me on Twitter.
Yes indeed.
muy bueno (very good in Spanish)
Results! Why man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work. -Thomas Alva Edison
Just got my summer teaching schedule - teaching 5:15 - 9pm on Monday's - going to be a long Monday for this gal!
Really excited to go back to ohio for Christmas... I know it's a long way away but still...maybe I just miss my family
“Learn piano, son. You’ll always be invited to parties.” – Paul McCartney’s dad (via )
isn't it awful this season?
I will be at broadway bar tonight
It's All Saints Day! “Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.”-- Oscar Wilde. Who's your favorite saint? Mine? St. Michael.
eek, I actually thought I went to the wrong link but didnt' have time to investigate.
Essays formulate in full in my head first. When the words overflow, start to give a headache, that's when I pick up a pen, get it all out.
new supes looks dope!
Thanks for RTs Mentions (hello Cleveland!)
looks like Delle Donne might be going, going, gone
#InOurGeneration People gettin Shot for no Reason
If your not down with FMG here is a special message for you. ╭∩╮（︶︿︶）╭∩╮
my favorite girl on idol is haley reinhart. :D
#Lt yellow, blue and orange suits
Congrats to on 's Congressional Champion for Children award. One of Senate's strongest advocates for poor kids!
Greta Gerwig: Whit Stillman's new star: Greta Gerwig on taking the starring role in Damsels in Distress, Stillma..
something about the Heat are the biggest globs in the league. Hahahahaha
Get Only The URL Of The Previous And Next Posts In WordPress
wow u know u hate that
": I'm so sleepy...." I hate when I am tired,but I can't bring myself 2 sleep! Like Tonight.I will be up 4 hours 4 no reason
The panda is back
GO BIG BLUE!
If you're not watchin Southland, you are watching shitty TV.
I'm at buffalo wild wings
We out here
#InsideJob definitely needs to be added to the collection. It'll make explaining the fiasco a lot easier.
Kind of you to say, sir. Thank you in return :)
Oh wow... Do you ship to Seattle?
I've done what I can 4 2nite. Wish it were more. You're so excellent at this!
Who the fuck leaves their house knowing that someone else has your kids. Especially not letting you know #
I love it, too! Have you been to the harbor? You should get drinks at The Ritz Carlton at sunset!
yes we are very lucky with our designers! Got your logo, added to list!
LEARN FROM OTHERS MISTAKES IF ALREADY HAVENT MADE ENOUGH YOURSELF
Super excited for the premiere of our new TV show SoundDiego on NBC/KNSD tonight. It immediately starts right after SNL. Yay for HD!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA OMG CLARK HAS HIS OWN TWITTER ACCOUNT (':
Praying friday comes fast!
"experimenting with naming patterns" gist links is busted. Great read so far.
Toyota's 100 CARS FOR GOOD. Voye for UNITY June 8th & help US win a new Toyota Sienna for granting wishes & taking "JOURNEY" on pet therapy
Wondering what is thinking of the new NFL hats...
SMU university curriculum now requires a min of 2 IL courses. I wish we had that kind of buy-in from our upper admin.
yeah haha where'd u see me
abrupt transition from sleep to wide awake!
“: So nice to see and pamper with hope u don't get caught in the rain again x”
There 's an app called Shitter that creates toilet paper rolls printed with a twitter feed
It's cold here. :( It was so warm when I left less than a week ago!
is he going to stay in Arsenal??
andrew's drink spilled at Applebee's, that's 3 years! & the tradition goes on :)
Lots of claims called in today, good thing we have over 9000 #autoglass shops we work with!
Wow! Your Angelina Jolie totally changed, more accuracy. I like both of them. They're two different interpretations.
"You're so fresh, Febreeze made a scent after you. You're like a walking Febreeze."
We still have have horrible infrastructure andno high speed rail.We can do more.Plenty of people out of work
We need each other we have to have our own posse's who saddle up for each other-
I DO NOT YOU TELL ME EVERYTHING CAUSE YOU DO TE CREEPING
Shout out to all my Tweeps! Thanks for tha love!!
LIKE BIEBER IS MY BEAST ON FACEBOOK
Finally realizing that #tomorrow is not #promised....so y not #live in the # moment....with integrity and dignity.....
New Tom Waits ftw.
Losing followers <<
RT : Be like the flower, turn your faces to the sun! ~Kahlil Gibran
Good time in Walker tonight Thanks to and everyone who came out and partied. Halloween is done.
love you baby
I have failed two students this semester due to services like QC PaperWriters. These services are predators, pay-day lenders of academia.
want to try something different and worldly?
Never piss a girl with ambition off.
Why don't you stop whining and just do something about it
we do!! Omg wow u can tell by the acrylic nails! hahah l
i wish paradise was code for Dallas
with a 'nife'
New Chemical Engineer over here! Congrats, man! --> RT : Accepted into #RIT!!
I don't trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die.
Thanks! I'm excited & nervous. :-)
He's so hilarious! I saw him earlier today..
Holy shit, this summer is going to kick ma bootie. Intensive dance training nd workout errday...I'm liking this idea
#alamw12 #el12ala Good morning Dallas! Good morning ELs! Ready?! Btw where's the sun at this morning?
is officially on NH ballot. Haters can go suck an egg.
I hate fighting
Reno Bighorns are in Austin. Hopefully they come away with a win.
thanks david! And I loved your tweet earlier. Said like a true UofM fan. Haha!
The majority of those who want #marijuana legalized tend to be under 30 and #liberal, go figure!
ok what time
Hhffjjhrdhordjjvswasdcbjkurdbmiu was here
It is hot cocoa weather here!! Spring in Hawaii = RAIN LOL
On a similar note, Rickie Weeks has more walks (23) than hits (19) this season.
"Thinking itself is positive, and negativity is a form of not thinking." Think about it :)
Feel like having a beer but i dont drink on sunday thats ok i will have some tommorow night for raw
First day on the job :) Stay tuned for updates!
Hello Ft. Lauderdale Beach!!
blerg at least now I have an excuse to be lazy and lay on the couch all night haha
Less than one month, I will be 50 . . . how did that happen?!?!?!?!?
In 2011, a grassy swale outside Gaston revealed a secret. Find out what scientists discovered at this Metro natural area....
if I was there, I'd go with you. :)
#1000 tweet finally
It's my favorite time of year... Girl scout cookie season!! Yumm
#Occupy discussion underway at #afs11 Alumni Hall - what can folklorists be doing to share the stories of people involved in the movement?
Like if Jordan & Cartwright were out & Pippen had a bum wrist. : Our top 3 players (Rose, Noah, Deng) all injured #whatdoyouexpect?
Sorry we didn't get to chat yesterday regarding your ordering system. I will call again after lunch.
When all these people are talking about exams and stuff... bitch i've been on break for a week (:
What do you want to know how to do to make your living room better for the holidays this year?
The People's Forum for Charlottesville City Council Candidates begins tonight at 7 PM.
“: Just saw the funniest thing I've ever seen 😂 ”
5:30am alarm stark reminder why I don't drink beer and eat nachos every Sunday night.
Slow sports betting nigjht. Guess I'll be on Poker stars
UH I'MA NEED YALL TO GET IT TOGETHER LOLL RT Most of our money goes on weed and gas
Also, if youre going to give Jamison "credit" for mentoring here you also have to ask what the hell was he doing in Washington
those pants are so cute!!!!
Today, trade in coffee has a huge economic value. Coffee is one of the world's most crucial primary products.
Your rants on the Blazers announcers are Quick-on-Feltonesque. Pretty hilarious.
#lemonade is the best snapple
I forget easily easily, but i never forget!
the jets paid to have jesus on their sideline, not tebow
I haven't played my piano for like 2 weeks..
thanks for the tweetage -- I think has an e-version if you need it again -- eager to read your book!
Go to www.watchnhllive.com tonight and register to watch all of tonights games live online just register to gain access enjoy!!!
I'm not gonna criticize Chris brown's lip syncing anymore. Ppl come to see him dance & he delivers! Singing live would be impossible~
oh really
you on the computer or the phone?
Tonight I'll be at "Ritual Fridays" at The Atrium Lounge with Come out and wear green for Saint Patricks Day weekend!!!
Convos over Twitter seems a bit like an email turn-based chess match... there's a bit of inherent latency between blurbs.
It is physically impossible to distinguish who's hotter, edward or jacob
Seriously. I'm pretty open-minded, but seeing young children at Watchmen made me physically ill.
#oomf said that they use their kids pee to pass drug tests at work !
Controvery Shmontroversy. You've risked your life for years so that others might survive. Much love and support.
Lmao! I know you see me (Yung Joc voice)
Why thank you sir!!!! The otter pun was ESPECIALLY fantastic! ;)
Watching a walk to remember :( sad movie
yourso out of the loopright now, I'll bring you ingirl ;) ok so she might be having a private event so tweet random things to win!
no sir
"You will retain all ownership rights to any Content you submit or make publicly available"
About to jump off the bridge....
Oklahoma City goal..
Just found out my mom's Dr took her leftover pain meds to Haiti. So cool!
#TAFP is still experiencing server issues but we'll be back up in a few hours. Call our office (DM for the phone #) if you need to reach us!
It's Beer Breakfast Tuesday! Today's only entry is Oberon. Would taste even better if it was warmer out
"When you're weak,I'll be strong. When you let go,I'll hold on.Just take my hand together we can do it.I'm going to love you through it."<3
The wooly mammoth look looks good on ;)
Good meeting you tonight at Actor's Key. Make sure to soak in a bubble bath when you get home haha.
That's voluteering for Ron Paul!
Just ordered two Newborn Headbands from Sew Whimsey!!! Now who has a baby on the way I can photograph soon??
thank you
Check out our newest Give Away. Now we are talking $$$$
thanks. you're really nice. i could never be that way. too many annoying things in this world...
u guys r so good and I listen 2 ur music but then my turn tabls break
RT We meditate so we can SEE Gods many miracles unfolding...without stillness, life is a blur
Does anyone know if allows Street View images to be published w/credit? Anyone have a link to their policy?
The problem of overlapping hierarchies is written all the way down the computational stack.
I just smacked myself in the face with a pair of headphones. OUCH!
Mon Ami Gabi really good oysters
Gad to share it out, Blair. I'll pop in for a few.
Ohh i gotta go get ready for school now. I'll try to tweet later! Bye loves!<3
The #NYRangers are on a tear. This is the first time all season the word isn't being used to describe a body part of someone on the team...
Today = Spring Cleaning & Spring Break Body Training!
Godzilla is trending,it's possible he caused this mess, with his little stubby arms and bad breath all angry because nobody loves him.
heeyyy guys im bck!!! wanna talk????
members, I have changed the password for the password protected parts of the site, if you need it & are a paid member DM me!
Ruh-roh. New warbler is dreamy.
thanks for the #love and retweet.
Spent 16 hours learning how to add more free time in my life. I can almost taste that first tennis lesson.
What are you doing Sixers?
follow me back please ? (:
Automaton is a weird word.
I kno I gotta look harder
reported a system at work yesterday i come into work check my email telling me the issue was resolved an it actually was. Never happens
Officers anyone?
Evidently I have "a natural knack for indexing." Perhaps my third attempt at a career will be successful after all!
Rams return to the 20...too bad they won't get any further!..3rd quarter over. Skins going out with a bang
RT : More good news to report: Michigan's unemployment rate dropped again last month – we’re down to 8.3 percent
#BeliebersAreAllStupid ? lol wow i know Belieber fans are mad ! oh well build a bridge and get over it !!!
If my mom doesnt bring me to sushi to celebrate imma #SlapABitch 👋💢😥
I am still waiting for a call from the networks. You want in as an adviser on the script?
RT : RT : All of Indiana now hates Billy Cundiff.
When does Bowman get questioned for his poor past two seasons?
Plates Promo: Mention that you are a FaceBook Fan of ours and get 15% off any new single food plate this month.
Thank you all for being so patient, it looks like we got mistaken for having an automation because we had such a huge response!
#Wells Fargo in indian hills will be there all day on friday giving things away and free shave ice.
My favorite #GOTMom is Mother of Dragons!!
lol, FTR, I'm actually not one of them.
No! But its wack to take a slampiece on a date. You NEVER know round here!! ": Is it wack to take girls on dates now? I'm confused."
watching harry potter (;
Don't you just hate it when Twitter is down? It feels like you've lost touch with everything that's going on.
is that in your hand or feet? :]
Sittin wit my boy in Argyle, TX listenin to Pastor Dino bring the word..... Gotta love when 2 worlds collide!!
“: Oh nice! I think I'm going try going to one of the places this weekend! #SacBurgerMonth” awesome!
prove it.
Q8. Absolutely! Especially when we have practices or events in the evening.
MT : I want to watch Cougar Town, just not sure I want a puppy everyone that watches Cougar Town season finale gets a puppy.
Did you guys know the elephant is the only mammal that can't jump?
Q7 thought I'd be a subject specialist in academic library since I have 2nd masters in humanities, never got interviews
Who's ready for the launch of our new road unit website???
It's just that Kruiser is running out of kooky losers to support and he's lashing out. Mitt wins!
Grounder up the middle BASE HIT FOR BROCK! Sveum scores, Braggs to 2nd and the Brewers are to within three!
u guys in Houston now
Gealto Flavor of the week sweet dreams- guaranteed to give you sweet dreams! A vanilla and lavender dream come true
Win 98PXY Jingle Jam tickets when you hear Katy Perry "California Gurls" in the 9am hour! (8th call @ 222-9800) Good luck! :)
Starting a bit mellow but transitioning to nineties dance party by 8:30. at 8th floor
Happy birthday Ryan!(:
In the end, a Spartan's true strength is the warrior next to him. So give respect and honor to him, and it will be returned to you. -300
m ice cream truck stopped by today with tasty treats! Strawberry Shortcake ice cream bar. At least that's all I cared about.. EROCK
Set up
not creepy at all o_O
This is a message from the heavens
just attended the Dallas Producers Association's bi-annual showcase of production work by its members. Great meeting...great work!
VERY Nice Meredith!!! KUDOS!!!
Thanks to for introducing me to the awesomeness that is Zotero!!
so excited to hear Obama's announcement, but sad that I had to hide a few people's updates on Facebook in response
our apologies: the corsair show is at the southern, not the
Kids are doing tongue twisters. Six sick sheeps. Ba!
oops, come on Friday too
If pole dancing's an art you know how many fuckin’ artists I know
What I mean was that all the console gamers were full into their games of choice ie Rainbow,Gears,Halo and no one thought
When's your birthday?
Convenient lest it makes decision-making more complicated that it already is.
Bout To Hit This Tru Religion Store
I'm going to need a mix of songs similar to madeon night out remix to make mornings this good always
I predict lakers make the finals this year.
Yea just made a decision to leave early and screw my grandmas Easter Sunday
If I get one more email about righting the wrongs of the CFB HOF /gets two more emails before I can write the tweet
Gracias, Thanks for the follow!
I smell insulin, that must mean is on the plane!
The one thing women don't want to find in their stockings on Christmas morning is their husband. ~ Joan Rivers
because I love storytelling over an arc. Movies are great, but I think episodic lets you dive deeper into the ongoing psyche
What time is best for you? I am free around 3pm?
you wana hangout at the mall?
The anticipation is killing me!
I'm really gonna miss #House it's one of the few shows on TV that's still an actual intelligent drama. Great episode tonight.
When big girls try and wear clothes they know don't fit them <<<<<!
Mizzou's lack of a #buzzerbeater means Norfolk St is a
sigh...another day, another paper/quiz
Where you headed man? Wi-Fi on a plane is pretty useful.
Re: N.E.R.D. Only the played-out ones
I bet french fries would go great with sushi.
no such thing as too often at the rhino. You bite your tongue.
Anyone else using Back Track for testing out security on their own servers?
I don't get back to buffalo until 830, Thursday I can but I leave for new hampshire Friday
Don't forget that there is life after the NFL too!
Happy Birthday!
Taken a shower and calling it a night
We should have information shortly about accommodations for #thatcamp SE. But don't let that prevent you from applying today!
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are. ~
That is a perfectly acceptable reason! :)
OMG that would be amazing! Yeah show us Jerry! Or I'll just settle for some pervy tweets lol.
We had a blast !! What a audience - love New Orleans !! And the food is totally amazing !
Happy birthday Jc, you'r amazing & deserve the best. May all you'r dreams and wishes come true <3 :")
I GOT HACKED.. AND IM TWEETING FROM .FORMSPRING NOT MY TWITTER. SO FOLLOW ITS MY NEW TWITTER
I still keep up with a few freinds there
I've had a pretty good Monday! 😍
Where us what?
The key is not 2 prioritize what's on your schedule, but 2 schedule your priorities. ~ Stephen Covey
“: Maybe JPM bought the puts to counter this $2B loss...that should do it...
I love you to :*
rainy, rainy #Cleveland morning!!
I'm utterly confused by this tweet. Please advise
Banana Pudding Milkshakes are like Heaven,
Tomorrow, I conquer my laziness and lack of self discipline.
watching someone ENJOY taco bueno in my face<<<<<
Has anyone tried moving directly from Drupal 5.22 to Drupal 6.22? update.php gives me an empty, white screen *&^%&%#!!!
They changed their policy a while back. JIRA is indeed free for non-profits including museums.
Approximately 115 days until the NFL season begins. So excited!
I love gettin mah booty hole tickled...
Going through my tweets to figure out what made me lose followers...Probably my controversial retweet of about
Thanks for the RT about my rebuttal to the "idea du jour" that points to dishonesty in creative people. It's just not so!
gawd i havent been on twitter in FOREVER
heat. But both teams look solid. #lakers all the way though. Woo! Hahaha
Oh hey Blake Griffin haha
Won my 2nd round match today 3 and 2 for the Lake Presidential match play tourney. Putted extremely well. Round 3 next wk vs Peter Bondra.
Love this new country boy intern on #Bones. Love that accent - #rednecks are smart too!
Dear Sir, I'm enclosing a drawing of a spider. Hopefully this explains how bar graphs work.
Bananas suck. Stupid peel gets stuck in my butthole. I want to eat the costume. RT : did u like your banana costume?
Jolly Rancher Candy Canes >
Speaking of Super Monday Night Combat, anyone played the beta yet? (Gotta be tough competing with Diablo I this weekend....)
Watching 7 days of sex
Disneyland will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world. -Walt Disney
Recalla cough drops
Yes mama!
Yes! Let's do it again soon.
lmfao I spammed myself, I signed onto my other account & had 76 notifications from myself LOL but yes <33
Headed back to Boston for a visit. Can't wait for drinks in the so end.
I don't pick up wat ?
the notebook, a walk to remember, and the time travelers wife are all on tonight
we're with you!
CONGRATULATIONS To VaLaun And Khadijahh On Theirr Baby Boy. Awww...Young Love w/ A Bundle Of Joy.
Don’t say you’re happy because everything is alright. Be happy because even when everything’s complicated, you’re still doing fine.
To the asshole who stole the SD card in my cell phone, hope you enjoy all the pictures of my cat.
how's your day?(:
bout to hit ur phone
Oregon wine country. Whoop whoop.
who Owens this joint el biscocho de lorain.
According to Snopes.com, no verifiable incidents of this nature have been reported.
Not telling how to do his job. Sent a suggestion w/ zero malice behind it. He doesn't want to do it, that's cool.
Thanks for the #FF, Charlie. Have a great weekend.
I have an Irish dance competition today! Wish me luck dude.
Hayley from the DanceFit team rang in her birthday with her first-ever Bootcamp class!
does it talk back? You wrappin' with food?
GG season finale in an hour. Blah. Do I even wanna watch it? Don't answer that. Of course I will.
only if you wanna . i just wanna go and have fun !!
RT : #adtech countdown: 6 days! 57% of people talk to people more online than they do in real life via
photographic proof of my win!
About to meet with a potential client in Grand Prairie, TX. Wish me luck.
Yup, they keep making #GoogleReader worse... I miss having a simple down arrow for scrolling. Odd item to skip.
Like you say, you must educate. I love to say custom marquetry work
I am stuck in a hotel while my wife is at home in pain from wisdom teeth surgery.
Many people who get class action notices don't act on them because they think they are not real.
I should have never been introduced to the "draw something" app...
We'll be learning make-up tips from a celebrity Pro thanks to Johnson's
Ty u too
I was drunk as shit lastnight
how do i get friends on this shit lol
The lifelong commitment of two people in marriage is a beautiful thing if they have the right combination of genitalia.
I am a yogi, I always return the present ;>|
Sleeping at 's
Congrats!! Just watch the episode... Love the show.
Three prominent GOP donors from Missouri give Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker a combined $750,000 earlier this month
Just curious...how many of the #blogtrends participants have a profile?
about to head to school . -_____-
if you have any LSU left, save me one! I'll swing by around 2:30 :)
What's everyone doing this weekend? :))
Just realized I have 3 weeks of vacation left for the year. Very tempted to just pack it in for 2011.
What up world? It's such a beautiful day to be in the studio
I havn't had any coffee for 3 days and it's killing me OUCH!
Build a DVD library of romantic movies. Watch at least one per month.
Cocktails on the patio, mojito included.
I'd be so happy if I never saw the terms #preggo or #babybump ever again.
takes side-address to a whole new level. Not functional but pretty.
" Chick-fil-A sales exceeded $4 Billion in 2011, its highest ever & more than 13% over 2010." Getting fatter 1 sandwich at a time
Ah, Thursday already! Stationery design and two audio book covers on the agenda for today.
#Marge Simpson Bear Jew.... Kick ass!!!!
Lovely day in Corvallis, great conversations, thank you all! I'd come again, particularly if you can keep Delta from sending me via Atlanta
if I want things to change is up to me nobody else.
#askObamaBalanced approach to deficit.
Although I do know hot weather makes kale more bitter. Maybe related?
I have sleeping in the office hangover right now. Bleh.
your dad is very proud of you for sure! Great job tonight
#BestofIL05 The Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum’s Judy Istock Butterfly Haven: where it’s always summer!
we should have a Wakey Wakey Eggs and Bakey Pancake breakfast.
Must have been a HOB staffer previously. Shitty camera policy.
is that Beenz????
haha omg she saw a cute guy but I didn't see him and she told me that he had a white t-shirt I looked around and then I saw
I love my boyfriend a lot
There's no such thing as a sophisticated slut
#ConcertWishList oh wait i am seeing them in 62 days in Maine!
thanks :) i had surgery on my other foot about 5 yrs. ago, so i've pretty much fallen right back into the 'recovery routine!'
Yo. I'm eating fun dip right not giving a fuckkkk- Bangarang
you deserve it girl. God bless!
thank you same to you!
your both adorable.
Not sure it is everywhere in the US.
I just need to get away & clear my mind.....
Thanks for the recommendation! I will be contacting Pussy & Pooch to see if they might like to bring us in!
am thinking that my scone habit keeps my waist away unfortunately.
So much fun! Thank you ;) : Thank you to & for coming to the
One of the many reasons I enjoy following you...you respond! :-) Hope motherhood is going great! Not easy to be a working mom.
If only Kings Of Leon and Paramore would tour together.. My life would be complete!.
Great turnout at 1st Amendment Hack Jam! Room is packed with youth learning about and exercising their free speech rights.
I absolutely love you! Did you book your Europe trip yet?
Feel more confident about the #apush exam tomorrow!:)
I think you misunderstood the meaning of that phrase.... Or you understand it perfectly!
Excellent, that's what we're about! RT : hey thank u for your app, found a deal on oysters by the bay
thank you! 
Ketel One / Red Bull....don't mind if I Do. Atleast I made it past 27. Ha ha death.
