I hope this Summer is as great as last years was.. it's gunna be hard to beat, tho
- hang in there and be POSITIVE! children r such a blessing. #praying for ya!
I don't know how you can go on with your life when you abandoned 3 beautiful kids ! Some mom you are ! Just don't get it !
thank you dreaa !
haha yeah it was a built in snow day we didn't need to use
I cried when Dobby died
#QuickFacts In 2010-11, CISNC received $5,125,667 in In-Kind Donations! A HUGE Thank you to all who donated supplies to help kids succeed!
haha but its true. I mean I know I'm not first on the chopping block. gina is just so fun to mess with. Couldn't help it
Decided I'm not going to"lol" anymore, instead I'm going to use "ggl" short for giggle, cause that's really what I'm doing when I laugh.
And I can catch metro to DCA.
Just heard about Reminded me of UWM forgetting ID's before Sweet 16 shootaround and having to go back to hotel.
Lmao!! This bitch and her once white flip flops!!
I'm working on migrating my domains and hosting from Any domain reg/hosting platforms out there people love? Basic but wonderful?
I use tweets 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it bad.
Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life
Parents try to design their kids... for their good. Is this good?
Visio 47" LED HD TV. Picture is best I have seen anywhere. Reasonably priced thru Sam's Club, possibly COSTCO.
The main difference is the Pension Plan benefits, not salary. R object to CBO when it involves O Health P
Traffic at a standstill, cops everywhere, what is the POTUS In town or something?
I found a quarter! A real one! Not one of those glued-to-the-floor ones.
In times like this I'm just gonna walk away before I do something stupid.. Deuces..
yes i did...it was beautiful, as usual(:
I'm freaking out . I've been stressed all day!
LIES ! LOL RT : no not all the time... Lolz sometimes just asking to know what we can improve for her boo
as in they taste good frozen, or, buy a lifetime supply & freeze em so u can mainline them into ur veins over an extended period?
we have two weeks to figure this out!
why thank you :)
GCHK seems like its always trying to run.....
I don't know what I would do without the encouraging words of and the proclamation that we both suck.
Join your community at a Pancake Breakfast fundraiser for the Badger Honor Flight on Sat, May 5th at Middleton Sport Bowl from 7:30-11am
7-11 coffee ritual in L.I. has been disrupted for 2 wks due to #cityofsandiego not coming 2 do inspection of remodel.
pretty girl bag! gucci louie fendi i wear them cuz im pretty!
where did you find that? :(
in one week I'll have a holiday shopping one for you
hey:) where were you tonight?i thought you were performing
Satire? maybe. True? Definitely. Eye Opening for those kids? I hope so.
Eric Church just played on the ACM's wearing a guitar strap we created for him!
its gonna be hot
oh no that's ridiculous on so many levels! Thank goodness she has you to fight for her. You need to give them hell!!!
Ho Ho Ho and a Moorry Christmas to all!! The Cow opens at 4!! Git on down here and git you come Christmas Cheer!!! Giddy Up
i think i am going to go back to sleep O.O
#1days :) OMB-Missing just one day to completely lose my ovaries with! #Boyfriendvideo , Lol very excited,Are you excited ?♡
People disappoint me. As usual.
dont tap the keg until later!!! very important
Had time to think about what I've done... Shouldn't have said that; but can't take it back!
lol I'm sure everyone knows it was just a joke.
Congrats on new funding and having aneel on board!
haha yes, It's what I get for hooking them up with a sweet room. Fair trade, I'd say.
where can I submit tracks?
I'm going to make my salami sandwich dreams come true.
Ari Shine CD release show tonight at Redwood Bar in Downtown LA!!
Where the heck is the ''like'' function on this thing?
Our benefit show on 11/11 @ El Rey is blowing up!! STARPOOL is playing LIVE! (members of No Doubt, Save Ferris and Freak Daddy)!!!
Sometimes being a little misunderstood is harder than being a lot misunderstood
and we're super stoked to see you puting DC's public art and cultural sites on the map! welcome to the cultureNOW family!
no, it was on 'character quads' and 'dramatica'. Basically there are 8 archetypes and he taught how to recognize and create them
Never work with debt settlement companies that want money up front!
Everything u think, say or do needs to become intentional & aligned with your purpose, your values, & your goals.
It's possible, but based on their play from last season. Very few other teams with 2 corners who both played well
Are you attending #LegalTech? NNRC will be in the exhibit hall, Booth 2618. Visit to learn about our national services.
Latin America's taste for #ScotchWhisky growing. Exports to S. America increased by 44% in January to October 2011 according to Global Post
Thanks to the folks at the Kelly Writers House at UPENN for taking the time to talk with us and to let us post our call for submissions.
I love Big Bang Theory!
I'm remembering my dreams more.
OMFG did you just see colton ?! OMFG I'm freaking out colton I need you on this show <3333 OMG can't breathe you're so beautiful <3 COLTON
I'm sure they'll be great!!
LOL. No. RT Phil Simms hits another play on head by calling Broncos TD play. That's why he's CBS' #1 TV analyst.
#NeverApologizeFor doing your own thing.
#EastSideMustHaves less fake people and more of the real stuff.
Thank u SO much! Pls share w/ other allergy groups in Ireland! Updates on fb @ The Allergist Mom too. Good to hear from u!
Mariah is a huge fan of those tiny desk concerts....good stuff. Happy new year bud!
BANG BANG
How often do you use the Maps app on iOS?
I think that the meta learning going on in face-to-face classes is just as important as the content.
Writing Songs .:D iWhant To Be
I swear, I hate tryna find something to wear, if it was up to me id by me a new outfit everyday....
I found you! Your name is right by mine!
Why Am I the way I am I will never know my family is my blame
it depends. Is he going to get a bigger head than the last time he did announcements?
I questioned before if me & my husband who signed up as individuals can be moved to a team. I now have the team...can u help me?
"Career development is like a jungle gym" Stuart Crabb
"Just to let you know, I'll be gassy for the next two-ish hours"
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms in Twitterville!
Playing basketball at LA fitness
That awkward moment when u aren't sure how to respond to a text so u juss say yup
Congrats to dustin at it's a wrap graphics for winning the first Lowen certified wrap off!!!
How to deal with non-believers of DH?
Happy Thanksgiving, DC!
Happy Leap Day everyone, hope it's a swell one ;)
Tell people they are great and they'll think you are really smart.
I seriously LOVE Kit-Kats..........unless I'm with four or more people.
I would be so content with that!! LOL
now, relationships turn me off
Solving tween dilemmas one at at time. Clogged toilets, hair disasters and toothpaste spills all within the last 90 minutes! #super stepmom
If we do not respond to their request for help, and they fail, does that also make it our failure?
The dodgers are my new fav team to hate. ;)
Just like you dear brother! Love you bunches! Can't wait till July for our visit!
- Not sure what happened... James and I were waiting for sirens, but we got nothing. Too much drugs or something.
The ultimate value of life depends upon awareness and the power of contemplation rather than upon mere survival. ~ Aristotle
Brandon Jacobs is my hero.
My voicemail she left me says.. keep it classy not trashyy <33
I'm bout to hit the club n dance like a like stripper ayyeeee
Don't think about it be about it
Yep! All the best talent is from here. ;)
#bieberontlc im crying I love you so much your my hero!
#WhenAustin does a countdown for his Austreams to start.
And yes, I could ask my Dad but...you know.
Happy Thanksgiving and Many Blessings!
Yikes! Sorry I missed your tweet ages ago. Bad me. No cookie.
so how was your day?
we spend 2much time focusing on drilling 'facts' in2kids so they can recite later- we'renot giving them critical thinking skills
We hope everyone is having a great night!
Shut up with those "temporary cuts"
#myotherfulltimejob When u find it, let me know! And one to manage sports practices wld b helpful 2!
too many campaigns dominate the names of YT channels, Twitter handles & Facebook page names for our taste.
Thank you!! Let us know what you think! RT Congrats on the the new diner! We cant wait to try it!
This is impossible
From all of us , congratulations to for 25 years in Noticieros Univision!
you could say tht lol I just don't wanna go:|
have fun and choose excellent songs
RT : Can it be yet? Well be performing (FREE, all ages) on the backstage by Theatre 7. Checkout our facebook...
I don't get bonuses at work but my boss just hooked me up with a free massage.. I can deal with that
Gonna Fire Them
Actually my cat has feet. I meant FEED.
So excited to see in Pure Power #backstage ! It's gping to be awesome!!!
she's so lucky, she's a star, but she cry cry cries in her lonely heart.
FYI : sometimes i am embarrassed by #jedward embarrassed all the way to the bank
SWEET POTATO TOTS. These three words just made your day better. Come in and thank them.. by eating them. Strange, I know.
WELCOME TO OUR TWITTER
Slightly offended by Chipotle, can't lie.
I wasn't thrilled with the set list (a little too electronic-y for me), although Thom is always pretty awesome to hear/watch.
Anybody in St Paul nursing a hangover from yesterday? If so, I'd love to come talk to you got my story! C'mon, it'll be fun.
A black Hispanic would never have shot Trayvon. LOL. Blacks never kill other blacks. ROFL
LMFAO MY MOM I CAN'T she's like i love him <3_<3 its like the neighbor
Followed Back Sweetie (: Lol, What Are Zelda Games?
Man I haven't seen the jay leno show in a long time
like coastal contacts on fb and you can get them for just shipping cost sometimes
Happy Easter
I know, bud. But we have to make the most of all the sadness, though. :)
Speaking to President's Council of tonight. A remarkable group of businesspeople committed to helping the poor in the DC area.
I'm drowning in audio!
I need your name and phone number in order to put you on my schedule for tomorrow at 2. Please reply via tweet or phone.
My sinuses like the rain. The rest of me, not so much.
OT let's go
Thanks and all the people who helped put on such a great comedy festival including
not sure yet i might be doing something with this new boy... i hope its feeding the ducks as im skint. :/
QUERY OF THE NIGHT: I was shocked to hear that one of my friends has never mowed the grass! What's a common chore that you've never done?
Sometimes the girl who has been there for everyone else needs somebody to be there for her.
You're hired!
Girls start to much stuff thats why i talk to guys.. #dramafree :)
Exactly! That "one" game!
With real Blue Bell Ice Cream it’s no wonder everyone wants to shake!
Please don't send me creepy direct messages anymore.
That's not exactly a unique theme. I'd rather see a film that expresses the same thing in a more user-friendly manner.
Here is 1/2 of a promo code for Slice HP, iPad game: NELMHX Sorry about that, it was CUT in half, hehee. The 2nd half will be tweeted soon
“Smile! It's free therapy.” - Doug Horton
:)))) how to hate a bitch
Hip Hop trap
Hahaha, I'm sure when he gets older it'll be easier to tell that he favors you. I can never tell with babies! How old is he now?
I miss you so much daddy, I wish you were with me everydays but you can't. I know you left to help me and our family, love you daddy!
good luck Brad at KCA's ...glad you are having an amazing year!
jeydon makes the most peaceful music ever....
thank you...I think?
I like Kohls and :)
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
Sorry Dave, but the Pine Tar game was July 24, 1983, so the 29th anniversary won't be until this summer.
Checking out my Adword campaigns
Congrats! I just heard the good news! Welcome to the Groupon fam!
@ kilkennys on central ave downtown. it's the first saturday of every month
I can't wait to see a debate about trucker music: Country? Western? Country and Western?
I never been prouder to be a puerto rican you made all of puerto rico proud!!! Congratulations Cotto!!!
I'm so #Thankful for the way my life has played out. The best part is there is still SO much left!
We cannot always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future. ~Franklin Delano Roosevelt
's car looks like a catering wagon and smells like green bean casserole. here's hopin nothing spills!
Decided to do our shopping at Winco this morning. I think I am in love. Now they just need to have the fundraising opportunities of Fry's
You're one of the strangest tweeters I follow, and I'm pretty excited that you're not boring.
Your deductible amount is an agreement between you, the policyholder, and your insurance
u tweet me no more dang
Thanks a lot Erika. We're so grateful to have you with us :)
Sweating. My. Ass. Off.
On the Boston Marathon medical director just described the race as a "planned mass casualty event," esp. with warm temps on Mon. Damn!
gotta get on my homework. night now.
well I mean other than you bipolar bestfriend. But most of them are.
At this hour, I fuckin love twitter
like wtf... shut the FUCK up. no one gives a shit. you are not special.
What's for lunch? Say the #mkefoodiehunt codeword of CHICKEN NOODLE & save 20% at The Soup Market in the today!
Nope but it was a close one :)
Congrats.your efforts and committment to Milwaukee's Urban community is important. Thanks for your service.
If every dude find one girl n not try n take other niggas chixxs same for girls life would b great but ppl greedy
World Peace's elbow is the most ironic name incident to happen in the NBA since it was discovered that BJ Armstrong can't lift a basketball.
I had tears right along with ya
Hanging at the UPub before I head to the game. It is like the UMass version of the BU Pub, but has better lighting and a pool table.
Dear Dad- when does a daughter get to old to sit on your lap?
In Philly and ready for
Ever get all dressed up with no place to go? So frustrating to have.great makeup go to waste. :)
of course(: #OMB ♡
In tonight...
and unlike miss Palin, Mrs. Obama was married by the time the president was born. Guess that makes the Obamas more cons
The need to retire Brian Dawkins' number.
My pleasure,
First, Bruce. Then, Sir Paul: I'm so jealous!!!
Stay tuned to #LPS to learn more about the new events and offers like our new online auction!
Going to birthday party tonight of a very special guitar student. Ryan, my 11 year old grandson. A beautiful spirit! A gift from God!
thanks! Feels good!
Blake Griffin just flew at him. And still hit the three.
Did you miss the UK game?? ": *second Saturday in a row"
You gotta love the Final Four this year-- and how about VCU-- the giant killer!
isn't that what writers refer to as the creative process?
you should go to NHL.com and watch the
1400 runners, walkers in Legacy Loop this morning! Head to Arsenal Tech for HealthBowl and free health screenings!
Obama win. Women win. Insurance companies win (free ain't free). Catholic bishops win (but really lost). Republicans lose (yep and big time)
PERFECT WEATHER.
Molina should have been called for interference twice on that play. Seriously.
okay that's cool. I'm assuming all has been well year 1 thus far
#wheniwasalittlekid i was happy not nomore..
no thts the best music video on disney channel and she is da bomb and your just jeaulous tht she is hot and you not!!! :P
a clear sign that I'm officially old: yesterday, I declared the pool to be to cold for a swim. sad, very sad.
Looking forward to brunching with my mom at your #yum factory this Sunday!
Lololol Maybye.? I Did Then Saw Me Nd She Was Finna Whoop Me
I hate the fact that my best friend isn't in choir anymore </3
about what nick said I take it back I do wish I would of skiped the entire class hint hint it was VERY! uncomfortable if U know
Hey Brooke! How's your summer going so far?
Fla. law doesn't lay it out that simply.
I feel great
I got on my knees and said the Our Father on the comedy stage last night. Am I going to hell?
RT : Lunch Break: Lose weight while cleaning your home | Jill Stanek: Any tips or words of encouragement for those wh......
After almost 3 months of eating pretty damn good, I need to figure out what's missing from that's making me crave junks so much!!
But you must admit it's a little rare to see promised delays be delayed. Made me laugh.
hahah unfortunately I was talking about a 60 year old dude named Jesse but I got at him practically ripped his face off
Dessert sounds so good
is down by 1 after the first. Is this cause to celebrate? How do you feel?
Don't ever hold yo applauses for me ....
We're teaching life skills through music !
Guess who getting overtime......
God only knows what went wrong.
is my favorite local hardware store.
Brace face next Wednesday, yay oh the joy of getting braces AGAIN -.-
cause you still haven't found what your looking for?
Trying to think of places to go for Spring Break <3
thank you! I'm doing that very thing everyday. And that's the word: appetizing!
No Bingo tonight! Game 2 watch party on the big screen!!
"But it's okay if you wanna brag The sex so good Go and pat yourself on the back"-R. Kelly f/ Keri Hilson
Shoutout to all my followers I thank all of yall man forreal rt
it's #heartbreak warfare
OMG I'm going to bed, bye. I LOVE YOU
Really? This past weekend was 3 days? I demand a recount!
Thanks for the RT! Are you a law/legis librarian in Queensland?
lol true story
Q: What's your favorite mom-ism? We'll see you at the mall for Mother's Day shopping, right!?
damn yu must of picked yo birds wisely.. cause lately that's all the fuck I run into... lmao
I didn't see the first one. But I'd watch Tony Head read the phone book. & I'll ask my favorite 9 year old for a plot summary. :)
hey Mayer, would you be down to help this student out by doing an interview for me? Even thru email would be legit. Please!?
just bought some! :)
dare I ask what it was about? hopefully something good epic not fail epic :)
If you're not getting grant proposals rejected, you're either not writing enough of them or you're not thinking far enough outside the box.
what is your constant?
Jim Joyce actually got it right
Thank you for the recommendation-- any reader app in particular you'd recommend?
Flyers devils game OT loving playoff hockey
I believe in miracles what is wrong?
"My 3-year-old daughter watches '16 & Pregnant'. That's an educational show, brah" Let me slap this guy across his face for being so stupid!
It's breakfast for dinner tonight! We've got 3 yummy dishes to choose from!
Theme parks on acid? Now you need to have someone go to a séance on DMT. Now THAT would be some fukked shit!
Only when we give joyfully, without hesitation or thought of gain, can we truly know what love means."~Leo Buscaglia
um. how can i put this delicately... well, dear, not exactly.
whats your email?
Just found 3 wonderful pairs of wedges for under 25 dollars each. Is this real life right now
omg I'm here at Agape! Yes Sabrina slaughtered that song and Mimi had me boohooin!!!
Good Morning and Happy Wednesday!
I'd like to be everything you want :)
We like gea*!
Correctamundo. New leadership in place now
One of my friends is a go go dancer? 0___o i really don't know what to think about that.
This weather is phenomenal! Thank you God!
And then you die.
what?! RT : Great to meet you!
Just got back from talking to my niece on why she shouldn't consider being sexually active at her age: 14. Seriously. What's she thinkin?
Sounds like a great way to spend Happy Hour in #Tucson - especially with this gorgeous weather! Kudos!
RIP #DonCornelius. I'm sure you have everyone doing the #SoulTrain line up in heaven. I wish you Love, Peace, and Soul.
So I hear David Archuleta is off on his mission thou shalt not wank...have fun sunshine.
Can we take a second to realize how awesome our lives are together
Heading to West Allis, WI for a flea market that closes @ 4.
yeah right how many u got now
With hope, readers ponder a pesky word - Washington Post
Uh been so long, I can't remember! :(
I'm so funny!
It just has!
": People Brandon Weeden is older than: Aaron Rodgers, Alex Smith, Andre Iguodala, Chris Bosh & Ryan Braun."
Oh what aa day.
fuck a goon & a goblin
My puppy always wants to cuddle !
bingo :) all-seeing
Perhaps Craig Counsell can get a hit in August??
Hugh Hefner Strain in the house! Come and get it before it's gone. Holiday Special till Friday. All Strains $40 an 8th.
RT : As we are a work in progress also is our partner. Prayer is key. The Lord is the teacher and strength of change.
Ok now strayt paper and gotti up next
Watching charli and the chocolate factory! Never gets old!
we wld miss the assurance of knowing whtevr our own flaws r, we aren't the most stupid ahole on the planet!
Rodney has out up two top ten play dunks!
LMAO! I'm not going there! He sent me a msg saying he's a valedictorian...I don't think A&T wants him to brag about that.
The nobler sort of war; and see all the trees as green banners." -Chesterton
hell knows when I'll be more normal like u.
Good morning (:
go to bed....lol
Noeleen Tillman of #GotYour6 commitment: 100k teachers and 300k military families receive reintegration and training tools
My teacher lock my computer lol
Still waiting on the flat repair guy. Guess I'll be walking to the movies tonight. At least it's a nice night. Looking forward to Up!
Someone please tell me Lefebvre's The Production of Space is an easier read the second time
I really think we will finish above .500 this season. #GoO's
Go to midwestix.com to take advantage of pre-sales tickets for
If i dont look your way .. Bitch you irrelevant 😂✌
Wrong film!!! Its at 8 at texas roadhouse :)
Yea maybe. Thank you for your help!
GAMEDAY!!! Rd 3 of the Women's Golf Marsh Landing Intercollegiate and Baseball vs Bethune Cookman at 6pm! Get out and SUPPORT!!
Finally about to order. Guy in front of me is getting hot chocolate too.
Busy as a bee
I'm not a jelly bean! Lol
War on Women Rally, how East Austinites can fight crime, & a sad donkey turns 49. FOX 7 News is on at 5 today, not 6! Hope you join us
Hi Joe! Could you please follow me back for a bit so I can DM you? Thanks!
memories are lasting but when someone passes they also make you cry! #RIP Lonte
happy resurrection day/ Easter!
Watching my single friends desperately seek late night testosterone makes me appreciate big time.
There's so much awful at this bar in Williamsburg right now, but the girl in BENNY & JOON cosplay may take the cake
Mom: What are you drinking? Me: Tea Mom: Good its not coffee again... Me: *stares at CAFFEINATED tea label and laughs*
Halloween story coming soon, please check back! storiesbypyka.blogspot.com/
S is for Speed. Get Scholastic to publish that now, little henri.
soon as she get home I'm playin this shit in there lol
It's off the chain @ the upper room tonight 3201 Jefferson ave in clifton. Follow me!!! We goin in
I'm starting with the kitchen & family room. Selected a red hue for the accent wall and a nice warm tan hue for the other walls.:)
Q:Why is psychoanalysis alot quicker for drummers than for other musicians? A:When it's time to go back to his childhood, he's already der.
Next up, author of "The True Value of Diamonds: Appreciation in the Workplace" Paul Young speaks to us via Skype.
15. (1/2 way there!) I love old b & w movies.
Sittin here cuddled up with my Finn man  he's not feelin good but I'm not complaining about some cuddling :)
-15 yards for a SNOW ANGEL?
My prediction on Braun's test......his urine sample accidentally got confused with Optimus Prime's
It's always something up against nothing when it "seems" like nothing but it could be everything.
Live Tech On Demand would like to thank all those who participated in the 24 hr. Free Computer Cleaning Promotion.
went to downtown Kingston springs yesterday. It's intense. So many trees down!! So glad no one is hurt!
that would suck!
Why are people so afraid to acknowledge they pass gas? What's the big deal? If you're not tooting, you're dead.
Good Morning , Remember We Should Get Juiced Up!
Because i haven't had one in so long !
I continue to be amazed by Arizona...and not it a good way.
Came to see my voice student in "Patent Leather Shoes," ran into another student in the audience, and a student from HFU is in it too!
Come in to #SandwichMeInChicago and get the energy you need to power through the second half of the day and go home
Please be safe! We all love you<21
Crossed into the land of the 200s! Are you a part of the movement? www.FreeSweat.com
Insider peak into M A R Y 's schedule: May 11, WORK. May 12, WORK. May 13, WORK. May 14 WORK.
Another successful night of Big Banging ;) #BAZINGA!
OMG- I ran into that Grizz this summer on a trail, I kid you not! He didn't kill me so why kill him!
that sounds like something Bill Parcels would say.
So I have to tell u merry Xmas no way what the hell is related to me???!!!!
ops. This should be 1912, and not 2012!
Yeah. At the minimum, it makes solo practice look really good.
mark are you at 5 yet?
tell so we head out there for a drink.
Dear iTunes, Please just call it an update. Version 10.141232 doesn't make you sound cooler. Sincerely, really? Another one?
IF ONLY I COULD FAST FORWARD, I would have been done it!
> luck !! Just look at the stats people
“: what a sicko !” i think you mean to say what a sick hoe
what you said. We will get on yo ass (Lil boosie voice)
awesome see you then!
lol you didn't say anything
yea he a old dog alright and he's about to put Durant ass to work
search moomooyawl on instagram and follow that! also follow on here! #shittacos !
#RESPECT RT : - yes put them away already.
RT : Happy New Year from everyone at Mazda! Please keep the #ZoomZoom fun, safe and responsible.
Taking my mother out for dinner
At GWU climate writing class in D.C. Exceptionally energized students, led by Prof. Michael Svoboda. Exciting media research projects. Cool.
Praying for you!
RT : someone said they r still making her? If Newt, Santorum can't find 1 GIRL? 1,000,000 Women 4 Ron Paul...
Ugh I'm gna shower & go to sleep. I need time to fly by fast af..
Tonight I made homemade Lara bars. Tomorrow I make pickled rhubarb since I got to it at the store before bought it all.
I am good. Working here at CNN. Living downtown.
I'm heading to go see my sister graduate from college Wbu?
oh woops and #ff and because that will make your refractory period shorter
"No action equals no results"
Take me off ur list bitches. U fuck faces
but u kno im cold
wish I was going!! Have fun!!!
Florida sends their christmas wished to you and the whole on one direction:')
I heard that #thevoice is being postponed until the fall, I know this can't be right but can u help clarify please? :)
Looking forward to 's sermon at John Street Church, and a sunny stroll to opening day with my siblings.
I need to stop working on my Halloween costume.
The NJSLA party was a lot of fun! Thanks, Beth and Wayne, for coming!
OMG dont u hate when someone iz talkin 2 u nd their breath stinks come on time 2 change up on da gum.lol
you on fire #26 win baby
Who else thinks Mrs. Kraft got a hand on that ball?
So how is everything with u? How is your music coming along? hope all is well :)
You brought me so much pain in the past, but I will just sit back now and let karma do her job...
blerg why is xbox live making you update it every other day...
That looks delicious and completely right up my alley! Where is this place?!
This better not be another letdown
oh, you mean puh-honics? thank you for your service to humanity.
sure I have class til 240. But let me know. :)
Approaching 10,000 followers. Thank You so much followers and NEW followers! Means so much!
Not every movement is the same poSitive pu$h
SMH @ girls who take pics with guys to make boys jealous. That does nothing but make it look like you were ho'n it up that night
The government spending money on ads telling us that smoking is unhealthy is like making sure all of us know water is wet.
RT Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
I'm tired…
We can certainly make it happen here! :)
Made it in again to the SuperDome in #NOLA. Wow what a mess with the rain storm! Go big blue
is addicted to #intellectualism and suffering withdrawl from thae lack of it in town right now
To Everyone on My Twitter - Merry Christmas! Have A Blessed Day, God Bless You All! xo
Casting for Judgment at Nuremberg. Inquiries welcome.
is officially my FAVORITE coffee joint in the city!! So many yummy #vegan treats & (vegan bias aside) THE best tasting coffee
Can the shock make some noise like the thunder this year???
Physically tired // spiritually refreshed // lifted by love
The minute you think about giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long
oh Im gonna look for it now
Because they choose instead #idiots RT : Why can't the Browns have Aaron Rodgers?
awkwardly forgetting to write #MySoCalledLife at the end of a tweet. herp.
I tried calling you again.
Agreed. Especially you ! RT : If you want my business, never, ever, ever cold call me.
oh shit, I thought you were talking about God Bless America. Yeah, saw Some Guy a few months back. Great flick.
like teasing your hair?
My gigs should be secret?! MT : Do not post info to social media that makes you vulnerable, such as your schedule.
I'm just grateful all the time!
I love Jon Stewart!!!!
#sad #obama storage wars is pretty cool show!!!!!
Coworking with PWA tomorrow at 1pm, Monkey House on Burnet. We'll be the ones on laptops. : )
Someone should have a party this weekend...
#Wise RT: The first step to becoming an entrepreneur is learning how to spell entrepreneur.
when you coming to new york again?!
man i love you
probably teeing off on Sean Foley right now.
Hi Clive, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
travel safely, see you soon...time to make the donuts ": Headed over to visit my new home
I've been invited to #TEDxPeachtree. Now to figure out if that is feasible logistically.
You should follow me before your phone dies maybe I'll give it alittle life 💜
On Thaa Way To Court
We are excited about what we are planning in the next year... stay tuned!
This little boy Monte just called me buttercup. Lmfao!
well i like ur butt! lol im not gonna lie to u! :p u better miss me punk did u go to calle 8
Just got back from a great morning of wake surfing on Lake Austin. Off to a wedding a bit later today.
BC doing it live in ny tomorrow
I wish Sis it was a fake 1....sorry 2 get every1 excited wit me :-(
SPORTS R HARD
Absolutely! Thanks for the follow back, Abi!
Okay then. RT : #Spurs will face the #Rockets tomorrow back at home where they're undefeated so far at 6-0.
: It is certainly closer now. I think the data import, cleanup and filtering for sure could be one UI.
It took me forever to find a recipe, since my childish transliteration was "glimpy soup."
okay okay Ill keep it
86 years? Must be doing something right.....
GOP gridlock
I just found out Riot Squad is coming to perform at my school. Are you coming may 12th?
So epically disappointed in Snoop Dogg last night, disappointed in myself for not seeing = lesson learned
Haha i have to put gas in the car x)
that movie is the shit in 3d
hey bestfriend!! how you been?
having an amazing christmas!
Back in Tallahassee for the day.
I feel horrible! I hate being sick
Goals are relative to audience- Museum Dorks want to learn, but Young Money want to look sophisticated, many more.
It can be Wedge too. He punishes bad pitches and takes hard cuts at okay one. Times to wait for perfect pitches.
Pssssst! Christy's Concert is in TWO WEEKS at The Lily Pad in Cambridge, MA. Come see and more!
“: Just turned on the Red Wings #makingmywhitefriendsproud” aw yeah!!
HAPPY EASTER!
#Np Somebody that I Used to Know by Goyte
Attn: fashionistas! Now accepting guest posts for The Jeantherapist blog! Email for more details
lovin the music bro nice
So glad that rain storm came through. Now ready for some nice, cool weather!
has worked up an appetite.
Thank you very much Greg! Link follows.
Fillin out Job Applications is a job itself .
Swing by and check out some new music! We have some amazing singers!
Roof open on opening day would be a dream come true!
toyota 100 cars for good
#FF back at you! Live learning with you!
Wealth is finding love in yourself. Wealth is finding an unlimited amount of divine energy at the core of your being & sharing it w/EVERYONE
prepping our restaurants for launch next week! expansive menus, prime times and big tables = group dining made easy!!! A
I can't wait to wake up dreaming about burritos at 9 am with this weekend.
She might . lol
Trying my best to work and not watch more American Horror Story.
when, not if.
Dear CTA conductor, I really don't care that you've been to Honduras and Belize. How about we start moving?
blast from the past! I don't. Seems like that was 10 years ago.
Alright I'm done.
Man, this weather makes me lazy.
So I get to sell firearms all summer.
Louis singing Look After You= i'll let you know when I get back from heaven. <3
Another new tagline for the Internet #ANTFTI: Find Every Word Ever Written, Understanding Not Included
Of course! RT : I think he's still taking it down. Lol!
We hope to keep bringing you great musicians to listen to and try out! Thanks for listenin'!
We believe there are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
“: #10ThingsThatAnnoyMe Drama. The only kind of drama that there should be is of the acting variety.” agreed
... that psychotherapy has no guarantee for success and that drug treatment is as yet not available.
"Atlanta had a queer traveler in her limits yesterday. He came without bag or baggage, or even a ticket, and departed as he came."
Hell I might drink the whole bottle because I can ! And I can buy a new one tomorrow ! Why ? Because I can !
It's a beautiful Fall Monday morning here in Dallas, and the day has already started off GREAT! On a Monday??? :-) A great weekly indicator.
During major sporting events when I don't like any team involved, I typically root for the most distraught fans possible. Can't lose today
Yes! RT : you must be the most unhealthy. Training for Warrior Dash may help.
me too! It's a FF part for me! I can't watch it
Days of our life are like pages in a book, and our life is the book.
What the hell?! No! MCA was my favorite. I'm going back to bed :'(
Congrats to Equality Florida on great Orlando gala raising $100,000! Central Floroda supports equality!
Loueing this weather flow ~
Bad dreams all night and woke up with a headache :(
nothing what about you? Wanna kick the ball around and eat??
Are you going to the game??
RT : May not save much $, but sites like can reduce time wasted lkg for pkg space -> lower emissions.
I would argue great to go to citizens to engage them - but policymakers are in a position to ensure no platform has too much control
okay if that's the idea then there's no issue
Thank you for the RT!
Amazingly enough leisure studies is not a fucking skill.
Lightspeed: ENGAGE My wifey is called Gettin Paid My old chick was called Minimum Wage And my side piece is called Gettin A Raise
I'm already tired of the mct
lol it's the NBA man.. They love the Lakers, Bulls, Knicks.. Got have the big markets do good smh
Starfish are flying tonight but I'm missing and We had tarot card group text #realness today!
hahaha. Love it!
morning Caroline...and Happy Mother's Day to you!
- Well done last night sir! We loved having you in and look forward to seeing you again soon.
I feel as if we haven't talked in ages.
So what were ur 2 cents on Disciple? About to read...
4) Keep your momentum. - Donald Trump’s 10 rules of success. Rule #5 coming in 4 hours.
Thanks for reading my salmon story! So far no one's said anything nasty @ the prospect of bringing back Calif.'s grizzlies :).
#madmen unusually trippy last night as it writes itself deeper into the 60s.
Happy Thursday! We are so excited to volunteer tomorrow with to help create shoe boxes! We will be live tweeting from the event
I'm FB'ing w/some now. Plenty are nervous & skeptical of the move. Still they may support&rationalize it as political necessity
really needs to follow She is such a dedicated fan! Even has her own blog about yall! She deserves it! :))
You did! I jumped and screamed and omg not cool!!
#SeaWorldSanAntonio's Russian Swing coach Marc Z performing for the last time. He taught all the other divers the art. Good luck, Marc!...
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS. THANKS
⌂ I agree. Also my MLB.tv subscription ran out and I can't afford to renew it right now! : (
OKC is handing the Lakers ass to them! I love it!
What an amazing academic day! I received so much praise from my professor I was borderline embarrassed. She used my work as an example.
Must compliment the ER staff at Scripps Mercy. Everyone so incredibly kind. Our nurse Jolene should do stand-up comedy.
can verify that there is a FULL BLOWN pirate at right now! He's a mean pirate too. Not like a Johnny Depp pirate
Happy Holidays everyone! Hope everyone is enjoying it with their family and friends.
Let your life be the example of what matters to you.
Lights off, all kitchen Staff using headlamps, all mini LED's on full restaurant !
Book now!
I wonder if your ass gets tired of all the shit that comes out of your mouth
Hi I just put this on FB as well. A rude server on Sat night appears to have changed my 15% tip to 20% retroactively.
grouchy papa bear
Flyers will need to capitalize on these PP. Nicely done by Giroux/Hartnell there.
I grant that exception. :)
I love Ariana's sense of style. It's so unique and adorkable! With her bows, dressed and hair style…so flawless♥
Bitches are annoying. Like "omg 1D is coming to America omg" -- CRY! They're getting more famous.
Goodmorning mahomies (: have a great day ! And for anyone who has a test today GOOD LUCK. <3
Waltisum of the day: make mistakes but make new ones.
yess- bouncing around- there does exist corpus of ad hoc wisdom on major-label contracts, of course; wld donate if you write it..
Hockey players don't need bounties. They settle things like men then pat each other on the back on the way to the penalty box.
good seeing these women at the Hip Hop fest! much love!
Hey how about "Stop the Magic Bullets"!
anyone else stoked for American Horror Story?! I know we aree
Every minute there are 40,747 minutes of Bible engagement through
that's wasup, doin big things ic ha..ya same here, only got a week left til i'm back home tho!
The college algebra test blew my mind, like always.
i did the twitition and im
Its wine down wednesday at the tavern!! Come see Elisa, Brian, & Isaac at the bar tonight!! Big City Tavern.... Best on the Blvd! ;)
RT I like my house music like sunken ships, dark and deep.
sickening! I'm jelly
An older sister told me, "one day you're gonna hit a brick wall called stability, and grab the first thing smoking."
Congratulations, new home owner!
Controlling is prioritized over collaboration Darwin knew it w survival of the fittest...:) however, research supports collab.
They were pretty amazing. We've discovered that most bands from Iceland are
Related Features
Gosh Thank you for the FF# I really need to work on my Twitter, lacking on it, thanks babe!!!
Mathematics is the alphabet with which God has written the universe.
Hello and a belated thanks for the RT back in January!
it's 4:03 and i cant sleep without you next to me. i toss & turn like the sea.
No Aubrey was on Danity Kane, another Diddy girl group. Dream was years before Danity Kane.
Downloading music from the blogesphere, feelin' a little thirst comming on, lol!
First Biden said Obama has "a big stick." Then he pushes Obama into supporting gay marriage. Watch out, Michelle.
can't wait for the weekend!!
9 is kinda late for me...
Oh turtles<3
“: y'all ready for the Juggernauts?”lol yea big bro We finished off our last one strong Tho we should have won by 20
and tell your mommy she's it something coming in the mail :)
Gahh, you have to give me more notice! I would have loved to, but I'm booked tomorrow night. Next time fo sho!
404 Error, link not found.
I love seeing another Finger Lakes native, , doing it big out here in Hollywood... do you know ??
Finally feels like there may be pond hockey this winter after all.
if you could hang out with anyone for an entire day who would it be and why?(:
lol and "beautiful you are"
Work in LA!
As aforementioned, significant warm spell for area late next week and weekend. With enough moisture, severe wx a distinct poss, too.
I am such a hoarder. I just found movie tickets from 2008! Shake my head:l
FROM A SCALE 1-10 HOW EXCITED ARE YOU TO GET UR BRACES OFF!? :D..
As long as you need (:
After a long night last night, it's nice to sit back, drink tea, and follow 's narrow #carlingcupfinal win over Cardiff.
I can't tell if life is presenting me with glorious opportunities or terrible, self indulgent mistakes.
I will be appearing on Impact TV this Saturday with Greg Davis for a taping!
I think we're lucky to have on our teams. Other #digitaldissertations could get more out of a (rhetorical) split.
okay how much ?!?
Owww my eyes are burning! Stupid onions!
This day couldn't get any worse
The #IWS2012 panel is about to begin with 's Sara Basson, 's Doris Cully, from and AS' Shirley Malcom.
Jones having a terrible night at the plate
"I have an army." "We have a Statue of Liberty."
This chic is a site for my soar eyes!
I hate you old lady ailments!
where u from
Like a standard dinner for you...14lbs.
Just had a really great experience with a rep named Holly Rocco. Awesome name, awesome customer service.
Minnesota: University Of Minnesota Crookston Address
"May the 4th be with you" this is so clever!
If you wanna be entertained day after day with hilarious tweets, follow my main man, my cousin, and fellow bearcat fan
exactly what is that they explained? And the date was all over the fourms.
that was rough! You yoga folx are pretty serious lol I found new muscles today
So happy to find out that I'll be seeing tomorrow & shell be running class all day!
I've been looking forward to #yoga all day! Im ready to embrace #peace #love and
I think I'll smoke one more bowl before work
Unfortunately, your "friends" then proceeded to alternately deny and endorse said threats, making them also responsible.
No one's looking. Let's go now! See you at the bar! ;) RT : Happy #MayDay. We’re feeling an early #happyhour. How about you?
26th longest game ever.
Shower then chill.
would love to see videos about how people are using Springpad. Seems like a cool app. Just haven't found my use case yet. Thanks!
Ill be there when your heart stops beating ill be there when your last breaths taken away
seriously... overtime... gahh... I think I'm gonna EXPLODE
lmao, I aint even gon try to listen to it and text me new phone...
I every day write to you "Please Follow Me" You can follow me? please it will mean so much to me 9
smart words from a smart
I'm afraid of blind people.
RT : RT : #AZFire RT : Forest Service to host job workshop on Jan. 26 in Flagstaff. Don't miss......
RT training with at Santa Monica beach every tues & thurs !
I was fired for being "contentious" once. The funny thing is I can be hired for the same reason -- informed opinions are currency.
likes my peaches to crunch like apples
I think #11 hits you when you're having your morning coffee (said in sarcastic font) Thanks for the tweet
Watching the boyz today so excited!:)
hey Jason , thanks a ton. Curious did you work on that PSA here in la about texting as driving ?
Bug hunting today. Its no fun when you break something you fixed before...
Hey guys good morning. Passing by to show some love :).
Hey, I'm sorry just getting this now, I was switched to a different story, but thanks for trying to help!
Never named a poem/that could write its identity.
craft havin a heck of a game.
Our pleasure and thanks for the inspiration!
My pleasure!
I think you should come sing those songs to me tomorrow.
Watching one of my favorite shows, The Universe, on the History Channel. Outer space is totally amazing...!
Enjoy! (& post pix!) RT Excited to be trying my first homestyle Chinese dish. Teochew braised brisket from
it's like santa claus, it's only real if you believe!
ah, you're Canadian ;-) What would have happened if the French had won the battle of Quebec?
Break away from the screen today & do a physical chore. Nothing like mopping to get ur creativity flowing +sneak activity in.
Canes beat FSU!!!!!
spent today with NC's lovely and oh-so-helpful traveling archivist. Look for us soon on that blog that helped him set up.
none taken ha
wow...that's deep.
but I think psychology/chemistry as a driving force that is counteracting our body's own guidance systems.
Just found out about You can win prizes just for using bing and w/ new social search, considering a switch from Google.
What would SATAN do?!
Man the more time I spent in NJ the weirder its gets...having coffee at Jim Dandy's Rib shack b4 a meeting...Don't ask!
Im wearing my glasses and about to go to the orthodontist...I am such a nerd today :o lol
didn't lose a reso, but I won't be booking new flights given their disregard for Premier Silver
Want to be a food/retail vendor at our #AAIP festival Aug 11&12 in Point State Park-Pgh? Non-African food/items ok. Info session TBA soon
"To beat this Miami Heat team in a series, you have to beat them 4 times." - Reggie Miller.
Last night I slept with the lights on cuz I was too lazy to turn em off.
your welcome and lol Alex followed me Thursday(:
thanks Kate!
that and not seeing you!
baby wings?
i know right (: at least i didnt get it from google <3
Caden i feel stupid askimg this lol but what is the water stage by
"C'est dix neuf, quatre vingt dix neuf" - Prince, were he French. I don't think it would have worked. LOL
Sorry man - all signed up now!
As a die hard Spurs fan you can BET I was rooting against the Lakers! Way to go Denver!
i PROMISE you that I will NEVER drink&drive. Its a horrible thing that happens when you do. #RIPpeyton&drewduffy
oh you called lol
it'll be a blast bring your boss;)
thx for the follow!
Pop Rocks has to be the worst candy to eat at the movies.
It will take me 3 late night transfers to get home. Tweet and text me aaaaalll night woo
She the sh*t...she the one
$500 or less, for installation and minor tweaking of the theme, simple text logo. Not a big job.
Still in awe of the book jackpot we landed at yesterday! We fit 24 in our $5 bag o' books! That's $.21 a book!
“ Lebron playing with them boys”
Had a blast last night with our buddies !
Kent Law school with Jeffery Leving for his alumni professional achievement award
A corporate narration for a company in Spain and then more audiobook narration is the #voiceover work for today.
best dance ever!
Haha! You're too kind
Chevvys tonight at midnight for some kids birthday
im witcha on that!
i was just a pawn of something else nice!
Sitting in bio is the last place I want to be right now...
Do u have a sandwich that includes the meat,cheese etc but also has cole slaw and fries IN the sandwich? Pittsburgh style!
Friends, wine, dogs. I feel complete tonight :)
In my best Southern voice.."what is that? and are you eating that?"
Levon Helm passed today. RIP. Thanks for all the music during your time as a member of the Band. Cripple Creek, Don't Do It and more.
Anyone down to hit up the Berryessa flea market today around 2? Hit me up if you are!!!
It's always good to talk to
Just had my last college class...#wheredoesthetimego?
O.K. race fans! Quick heads up..Grand Prix this weekend! Better ZOOM in early for your CHEEZY EATS!
i'd go back just for the food!!!
It was so awesome to see my friends in tonight. Its been too long. I was silly and got a poster of them to keep in my room.
On first boat of the day over to Macau. Want to look at furniture, and visit Temple of A-ma, and get TJ a silk scarf!
#BMAengage, Also interesting that the #1 customer question in 2009 was 'How to save money', not "How can you make us more money"?
first spanish language reference interview! it went great but realize i need more spanish practice.
Well thanks!! Filming a video for a #newsong this weekend! Coming soon :)
nice! i like that one a lot.
wait, did that actually happen?? I did see the last ep of Mad Men
Thanks for the shout out. :)
im OFFICIALLY following 1,004 ppl ...... and yet my followers are still in the 600's ? ppssh -.- but thanks for the ppl who followed bck (:
fun ideas!
Excited to try my new kindle
Such a simple reach out made my evening turn around, thank you :)
One week to Cyprus.
I love Joey Votto.
Drew is the total opposite. he loves the camera. he stops whatever he's doing when he sees the orange pre flash.
I know still follows me.....
It's April 24! Where's the download link for Walking Dead??
oh that story lol damn!
Coming Soon!! New additions to our Baltimore Family... Stay Tuned!!!
Great friends and crazy nights are
yeah i can do this :/ :) it'll take time but i can do it
I see you homie
There's some good lit on that topic that I read while writing my paper. Mostly content-analysis, not survey. Happy to share.
Designing and Building Attractive Salon Websites, thats what we do in our Lounge!
Can also bring you ' Dry Rye Gin. Pain in the ass to mix but think you might like it with a twist.
Whats Going On? The Name Is Melvyn Nice to Tweet You
Girl what u doing with all dat ass over there
thanks for following!
Cartoonist Kal Kallaugher's Stoop story about his up & down relationship with Schaefer is on The Signal @ 1 p.m. today on 88.1
Me too, me too. RT : Missing Daddy especially tonight, but know I'll see him one day soon.
So pleased that is giving us the gift of Easter sunday
we're totally honored!
Ya but some of her fans are doing it for her but ya it makes me mad when people do that!
they r such beasts
U just knew I wuz talkin bout u huh
nun i miss you :)
Did you know staying physically active not only helps your heart but boosts your libido as well? Get your body moving & blood flowing!
hey today is my b-day can you cal me and wish me happy b-day as a gift please you inspire me so much.my number is 2164564561
"I ride this motherloving beat like a tractor I ride this motherloving beat like a train Choo choo go hard go faster Stack pees every day.."
Oh yea and my bad for waking u up next time don't answer the phone dude
good morning my beautiful friend! Enjoy your 'Friday'. :)
Thanks for the RT and the amazing 5 things!
Author of "Henry Gaylord Wilshire: The Millionaire Socialist" will give a free lecture Sat., 2/4, 1:00 p.m., main branch
WATCHING ELF<3
Yep, it's a double shift day! Don't do it often, but it's different and fun... hopefully I'll crash now :) z!
Before I delete all this spam, is anyone interested in cheap insurance, hydrocodone or Viagra? Let me know.
"My real name is Helen Hayes." -- Ron Leibman
I hate those fucking EAS broadcasts!!
What beauty or fashion trend are you excited to see return this year?
#nowplaying Sleeping With Sirens - Your Nickel Ain't Worth My Dime
Because nothing hurts worse then penetration by a defensive lineman.
CUSE Tonight, Sabres also tonight. Cold beer/Cocktails/Pizza/Dragon Wings/Specials. Like Walmart except with stuff you LOVE everywhere.
heading to florida tonight
#Cal where great recruiting classes turn into mediocre football teams
Behind 4 hits, 2 walks and a passed ball, Trinity takes a 3-0 lead over St. Xavier after one full inning.
& NEW VIDEO HAD SOME THOUGHT BEHIND IT
Hey follow me please i would be happy
Ik lol and still uses it today Definitely give props to you! lol
I know! I miss that too
RT : There are so many blessings, so many things to be thankful for. Don't let one ungrateful individual ruin your day.
farewell day practice then dance
I learned more stuff in church than I did in the world
indoctrination achieved!
Music is the universal language of mankind.
Taunting the Snow Gods... Off to #whitepass for some #snowboarding and cabin goodness.
can this one day be when I'm there.
Another Great Program tonite!!
T.I. never disappoints on any of his songs or songs he collabs on. Dude, you on fire!
Conducting fabulous Mimecast demos!
There's also a little blonde girl version only slightly less ADHD who keeps moving to another computer. They should all go home. Now.
I would never push the Where the Wild Things Are movie though. I don't want people to have their memories spoiled.
PERFECT...BUT WHAT IF IT'S VIAGRA?..OR, WAIT...NEVER MIND THAT LAST REMARK...T/F/S...
Holy shit. Switched to Lingerie Football League on MTV2. These girls are hitting HARD & only wear shoulder pads & helmets.
I will learn to be like u
I can't believe I only just now found all your covers. They're incredible! Can't wait to see more! :)
So whenever #Brewers offensive market correction comes, could be quite the party. In the meantime, listen to some Tom Petty.
Hello, Fort Myers! Can't wait to see the girls. West Palm tomorrow for #Sunfest yeeeeeow!
I could never say goodbye to you forever
Thanks a lot! Yeah, I could have used another hour or 2, but I guess that teaches us to keep to the salient points.
Was gonna pick up #Diablo3 until I realized the ultrabook I travel with doesn't have an optical drive.
yes she is...a big one at that!!!
Enjoying inflight wireless access while flying back to West Palm Beach for current writing-training-consulting hospice project.
We’re experienced professionals with an eye out for your profits. --RPMCentralValley
Thanks for the RT.....how are you guys?
this week is going to be fun xD
Sounds lovely. Missing Astoria and it's own little uniqueness.
Sometime u have to have your down points of love to see the value of real love
I haven't been on Tumblr in forever.
The books? We've donated quite a lot already, but more are planned before the move for sure! :)
“: Who wants a Free bomb tonight?” midnight sound good?
no crystal ball here. But keep an eye out for UCLA. They have a good recruiting staff that knows its time to capitalize.
What is; Has answer in the form of a question been taken?
Have a Dentist appointment tomorrow and already dreading it. Scares the crap outta me :(
Ears still ringing from epic #Shellac show last night.
Now that I think about it, my family is pretty cool ~
Yeah, I DL'd it that same day. It's bubblicious.
wow thanks! Im sure appreciates that too.
“: I love looking at him when he smiles.”
thanks for the follow!!! :)
ha :) so whats up?
Clear Lounge in Intercontinental Hotel - Great beer prices for a hotel bar. Jeff is an awesome mixologist/bartender.
Its Coming ya'll. Earth ain't shaking for no reason.
Got to misty and fucked up so bad I am restartting
ATX is awesome! Weather couldn't be better!
Supporters that couldn't get into Ron Paul rally in Vancouver are waiting outside convention center. They think he'll stop by. We'll see...
Off to a horror film audition! This one I'm actually excited about!
holla at me if you have free time
...but I wasn't sure what the limits (when acquiring tweets) are.
Your at the heart of what corrupts our government. It needs to stop!
your still on my fantasy basketball squad lol
RT : Some days are dreaming days. Dream beautiful dreams, & let those dreams spill like flowers into your world. ~
I'm listening to "Mighty To Save" by Anthony Evans on
it was great to watch the Astros beat up on the Cardinals when I was in STL last weekend too
I love falling asleep with writing on the back of my hands and waking up with it imprinted on my face..
I didn't get anything.
I don't have any long term plans yet so we'll see how it goes! Maybe NYC is next :)
Substitute "people" for "celebrities" and "the internet" for "social platforms" and I agree!
God it still feels like we have days left.
sure thing, I thought so too.
ya at the theater whenever taylor came everyone screamed but wen rob came no one said a word lol sry rob!!!
Toshiba announces Excite 10, 7.7 and 13 tablets, Thrive slates on their way out
hope you find your phone lil sis jenn 😊 don't cry and #keepitpositive 😄 love yew ❤💓❤
I think I'm in love with the Vince Lombardi trophy!
Thats it old people should not attempt to understand technology
Lemme concentrate on my workout.
lol thoughtthat was a jerky comment
RT : Finishing up a great three day visit w looking forward to the continued partnership w
...breaths... Feeling better?
U ain't finna get that RT : Waitin on FAMU to give me back my money !
I know you just met him, and yes it IS crazy, so give him your number, but don't leave with him. OK? Play it safe, party animals.
hey Joe, I'm drunk at the bar and i miss you, bro!
hey stranger! You too. Hope you're doing good.
Rough day of work on the books this afternoon. #Seahawks training camp for "research".
Baked salmon, smashed potatoes & corn on the cob, I hate cooking when people expect it from me but I love cooking when it's for fun!
Thanks Jim! Hope to see you soon.
is the most amazing person ever
lol loser! Im kidding! My brother broke his same collar Twice !
correction: only one MISL playoff game to live tweet tonight... at MISLComets
So I think part of my annoyance at those ads is they are borderline false advertising. I never ever use that thing. It can't understand me.
Haha no way! If she was single and they were dating. If she's in a relationship, then its wrong.
We're all on a lingering #GABF slash Bush/Chevelle high this morning. What was the best part of your weekend #Denver?
because you're white.
Sitting at the #acappocalypse with
You didn't really get me to like them I don't like One Direction
Boston is ablaze, Marathon Monday, Baseball & Record Heat!
the thing that sucks about following famous people is all the irrelevant people do w. them.. i want to obsess alone..
JEALOUS ASS
Hey be sure to meet at #in2 She is a *founder* of the global coworking movement!
My white pants are saved!
Was in a Microsoft retail store the other day, really have no idea why
while I don't disagree w/his reasoning for having criminal checks, u need to have a clear SOP for exclusion 4 when u get sued :)
Okay, one more question. Love existing "old" bike, but can't stop "needing" newer, lighter, stiffer. Is there a cure?
today seems aggressively earlier that normal.
I don't want those grips /:
just some quick
Woman ahead of me in carpool is a passenger in a cab, I'm guessing her car conked on the way, bad day
Sad, sobered and humbled by the passing of b-boy a.y...... Thank you for so many good time. Our loss is heavens gain.
Some people, when confronted with a problem think: I know, I'll use a bloom filter library. Now they got 99 problems but the bits ain't one.
Got an award for outstanding performance in Musical Theater at Senior Celebration Night :)
Did you know that will be closing after service on March 24th. We look forward to see what happens next! (cc: )
There are #tebowfans and there are #footballfans LRNtheDIFFERENCE Tebow should go into ministry or politics or fullback
legs wowza... oh there is a dog there, hi
That quote was probably first said by Harlan Ellison, not Frank Zappa.
I'm good Doc. How bout u bruh?
Soo..I 'm bored always:( Bye guys!! I love guys!! Good night! Or Morning ! Xoxo:Vane<3<3
you should just move here or something and then you too can experience the #chicago bar scene!
You are so welcome! I live to serve! Try not to imagine the ginger Sasquatch laboring away on top of some poor soul.
assholes really thought the end of the world was gonna b yesterday HOW STUPID!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hope they lost all there money
WOW! Well done, Mr. Collins!
About to share some of our promo work, let us know which one is your favorite!!!
NP ;) *KISSES* HUGS
I thought the snow was supposed to hold off until this evening???
For who you're worth, you're worth all the while.
But they could nothold him, and once more he took to walking
That's Awesome
I think wants you to get on bahaha mabey you should? lol
very true!
Yeah were upset and im sure austin and the crew are to but we have to support him because were mahomies and thats what we do.
That would imply that there were actually Viking fans there..... Is that really the case?????
just saw Gone .... That was amazing! <3
Oh FFS! Gotta admit, I'm not surprised. Stand Your Ground passed easily with bipartisan support.
#kids Sunday Dual Morning Services: Sunday Dual Morning Services from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 8:30 AM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 1:00 PM...
Ewww gross dude
How do you feel today? What are you up to?
Lol..ur the best thing that has ever happened to meh!
#LT10 BPP now publishes dozens of output types (texts, web courses, assess,ents, certifications, e-Books, etc.) from single source of XML
Big props to the #wcatl WC organizers! It was a great conference.
Midnight thoughts. In search of Self, first there is You, then Me, the No One. By and large this takes 40 years.
don't you wish the was there to share it with you though.
Whoever invented the bread bowl at Panera Bread is a genius and i love him.
I wish I was pretty like her, then maybe you'd be mine....
Omg !! #BoyzAreBack Can't wait till they perform and do their thing in stage ;) 😁
What's good family! I miss you!
I think my whole life is over now.
WHY ARE YOU SO FLAWLESS OMG. follow mee?:)
I love it. I hope to have a baby girl one day.
are you going to take me???
It's Cleveland: What's not to like? Tribe playing well, Plain D still kicking. Not kidding, moved by yr story all way thru
Agreed. In Rainbows is such a good album! Not too big on the new one though.
hm. Salad? Snow with leaves? Garden clippings rinsed ons bowl? It's a great picture but leaves room for interpretation!
Following the Japan penalty, USA kick into touch
; actually had that conversation the other day. :o
Thankful that all is well here on Maui following the tsunami warning.
Jennifer Griffin is talking about her fight with #BreastCancer! radiokolamerica.com
and you would look beautiful in dreads
RT : could (Prezi) be the comic sans of presentations?
lord forgive me!
Stephanie, I have to say that you look great with DARK hair. (don't change that lovely look)
Our new #Baltimore City opening in 45 days or so.....
ALMOST TIME! hdihakdbdoanaldbdkanskddk tickets!
Maybe it's just because I'm grumpy
oh em ge! Amazeballz! In love says that all the time!:) it's so crazy why did you go to Australia?
I don't know. I think I missed him already.
It's FRIDAY! After a long week at work you deserve a nice lunch - Try our Spare Rib Lunch Special ONLY $6.49!
a hit me up.cuz im goin by the suit store between today n tnrw
Cool - thank you Jen! (cc )
Yet you continually turn down my MySpace invites. Admit you love it. Admit you NEED My Space.
Drop everything now Meet me in the pouring rain Kiss me on the sidewalk Take away the pain 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile <3
Lost our game in over time. Only am disappointed becuase the only 2 people i have ever hated are on that team..
Keep us posted on the Q&A - Frances has a great sense of humor and energy when she is around STUDENTS!
lol oh nice!! im going to be like depressed in most of my monologue
im in love with my icon.
What's with #baylor uniforms.....#marchmadness?
Sucky internet so I couldn't watch Iron Man 2 in HD on Netflix :)
Summer Reading List cont. 4) Most Talkative, 5) At the Dark End of the Stree,
Learning #CUDA and #OpenCL, two revolutionary techs that allow for parallel processing across both the #GPU and #CPU. Tips for a beginner?
Morton's Berkley Square
not fine dining, great beer, hole in the wall places are good, creative for breakfast is good, one dinner spot gastropub?
Ryan, Y U NO get the idea that is STOOOOPID
Relationships are like broken glass. Sometimes it’s better to leave them broken than hurt yourself trying to put the pieces back together.
Enjoyed some interesting photography for fashion classes today.. getting ready to put my brand new knowledge to work
We'll see you in the B1G title game.
Iam with my cousin sky
I love you soo much, your so beautiful, im jelous. :(
Wrote a 32 page letter to you,poured my heart out,Now I'm ready to watch it burn.
Just made the post, link in a sec...
Nothings going right, everything's a mess & nobody likes to be alone.
officially relocated to Zurich :)
thanks sweetie
I know, I am really hoping for no flight delays!
not right now, maybe in a few months
I m great.....Having grt tym in the desert
I hate the Lakers.
Wake up with purpose, great day ahead!
yea man thas my fav style lemme look at some
"Journalism": now with a singlet & chaps.
fried chicken, yams, macaroni n cheese, greens, dressing n cornbread!
Rip Grip 👌
New Year, New Plans, Let me help you with a #security and #safe makeover!
Are you in Nashville tomorrow? Sweet! Then come to The 5 Spot at 7pm and bring your friends... It's sure to be a good time.
I'm not interested in staring at your boobs. Put a shirt on.
Targeting US Hispanic market is a business imperative! So why are marketers only spending 5% of budget to reach them
So nice to be home! Spring Training games start on Saturday. GO SOX!!!
Great first break out session at
the guy that forced himself on the maid.....
awesome. Let's get some retarded tattoos and make other bad choices!
:) yay. Ladies night!
consider us for some delicious, gluten-free, vegetarian dishes. Just call in advance for that size order!
I Can't Make You Love Me is trending! of course the first thing that comes to mind is Zydeco! love them.
Getting my mind right for tonight...
Less than 25 left on the show for the week. 888-640-9385 to talk to Troy about NBA, NFL or whatever you'd prefer.
seeking 8 actors for That Was It: The Tragic Tale of Our King Michael Jackson. Email for more info.
just finished the sign up page for the site. go ahead and check it out and sign up at www.fantasyfootballgonewild.com & jointhe mailing list
high school musical comes on shuffle.
The people where I go to get my nails done do a good job but I'm 100% sure they would eat me first if it came down to it.
Ah ! True . I Work 1-10 Friday .
The Voice.
Hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving! We all have things to be thankful for!
Blood of a survivor run deep. I will never give up.
upstream brewing company. 11th and Jackson
Barajas with a leadoff single! Harrison bunts him over.
YES WE DID(: and I went on a mission to find Ed sheeran but failed): Oh well(:
On my man period fuck the world tonight
friday night and chillin, what a day, DC ticket enforcement is a trip, i am their best customer, my co-workers call me Ticketz-&-Bootz
C/A Sports Update: HS Boys Bball game cancelled
Excited for Monday>>>> #RattPack Young Sinatra: Undeniable is about to kill it.
Wouldn't it be amazing if followed me?:) Oh wait... I'm dreaming :(
Every show is love, I love Music its never work its always fun creating time now yeah!
RT hey guys can we confirm your email / /
Today we're talking sequins! Do you think they can be wearable for daytime or should they only be out at night?
Only mexicans can get girls with nice cars
It's almost time to record a new song....
I CHOOSE JESUS!!!!!
i think so coach bokar made it seem that way but idk for sure.
girls needa stop trynna act like dudes forreal wtf?? yall \look nasty ass hell...be classy not trashyy
Trials are not the reason to give up but a Challenge to improve ourselves..Pain is not an excuse to back out but an Inspiration to move on.
Its West Coast Swing Thursdays at Dance Bethesda! Lessons for Newcomers and Intermediate+ at 8pm and Dance Party at 9pm. See you tonight!
aw c:
horses are bad for the environment.
when is the show
#MyPastRelationships don't matter.
A voucher goes to... ! Congrats!
Thanks I appreciate the follow!
2D project just added to my list of stuff to do. I hope I'm living by this time next week.
Ugh im so gross
Wait, actually?
The way we r going, we'll soon have high schools devoted exclusively 2remediation: "#LAUSD Basic Skills Magnet"
oh well thanks again :)
Did u send yet? RT : I'll have Zumbathon pics for you later. Wireless in my office isn't working.
I know right? Did you get the email about the Miss Pretty in PINC pageant? Slots are going FAST!
Thank you .
There are just 8 days left to LIKE us BVEN Boutique to get your FREE $25 Gift Card!
its lady blazers :l
Quick question: how do you spell the shortened form of the word "usual?" As in, 'I'll have the yooge."
Just so you're aware, my first thought was 320 Harry Potter what?
how is that going to work when there is no signal at the park?
New to tweeting!
okay(: thanks
Happy birthday to my leader, the man I base all my politics around, Barney Gumble!
I've made Jordan and Kevin watch 5 continuous hours of MADE! Do I feel bad about that? Not really... They secretly enjoy it...
The River SDSU tonight at 7pm!!! Tula Hall, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA 92115
Shout out to the person who stops tweeting shout outs to people.
Only 9 tickets left out of 50 for the Backroads Brewery Bus Tour! Vintage has 2, Alchemy has 3 and our website has 4.
I was going to mention your combination of Avril and BFMV... but then I realized I have Bury Your Dead & Liza Minneli >.<
