RT Let us know what you all want us to tweet about! Lighting,bedroom,outdoor?
At BIZNOW Washington Real Estate Summit, I think the market cautiously coming back overall, strong in DC
i wish would stop changin her dam name on twitter !!!
Charles Barkley says anything on TNT 😂
Won't b flipping burgers this summer its gone b 2 hot for all dat shit
I would have gone with cherry or orange. But seriously no way has he done anything to deserve early Heisman buzz.
5 hours left to #ROCtheDay! Have you given yet?
so true!
the odds of u seeing this is slim to none. But thank y. This is just what I needed.
and you're probably right...
Are you an entrepreneur? Request our Business Proposal
So mad! I couldn't see the midnight premier of #projectx! Ah
but you have VIP and breakfast for San Fran, right?
Aw man..well .. it can only get better from here.
Americans get reps/senators they deserve b/c of lazy thinking and political apathy. Research candidate b4 you vote
I love blocking people for spam. Rarely are things so cut and dried anymore.
Because every time i'm on here there are like 50 million tweets...
Good luck Troy! Can't wait to see the after pic.
I'm practicing bass guitar more and more. Ready to perform in front of my friends :)
Congrats on your new job at KSTP. I worked there as a street reporter from '88-'92. Great shop!
it's a perfect time!
maybe the floor needed refinishing! Haha get it stripper on the floor....ok it wasn't as funny as I thought it would be...
I just karate chopped my book stack as a bug landed on me. Whoops.
Oh too bad!! It's hard to fit in all the good things we have available to us, isn't it?
Putting beds together is not fun.
they popping up all over the place now lol
I wonder what life would have been like if you had had enough oxygen at birth
Justin beiber song boyfriend is amazing ;)
Happiness only Happens when you allow it to Happen
we did on a small scale by letting people vote on new rotations for Charlotte Stories exhibit in an online poll
Sunburn on my legs , so sweats tomorrow :D
I'm falling apart
I see you iMak "Booty" on #b95homegrown w/
"I'm just sayin"...I mean what else would you be dong after saying something? You might as well say..."I'm just breathin"
oh shit. My bad :( yes I have.
RT : Just hearing about May still have a few friendships had it been round earlier. No #dining with cheapskates!
#3WordsOfAdvice Show your LOVE
chilling at home about to hit the bed tired ;) good night twitter followers:)
thank you! if you have a few minutes, Amazon customer reviews are always much appreciated.
Yes it has been kind of a rough 2 years for Minnesota sports teams, luckily other than the Bucks we have been very lucky in Wisc.
TY so much! So happy:):)
Prosecutor: #Huguely initially didn't disclose that he kicked in door, took computer because knew what he did was wrong.
we're flying first class up in the sky
Girl to girl bullying seminar tomorrow at 9am at Barry University! More info at www.southfloridaalerts.com
I would guess will probably address this at some point later today.
of the county if the taxpayers always right what about medical marijuana hypocrites
Determination, Boldness, Tenacity, Perseverance, Passion = Success
Sharon Needles! Happy Halloween!
Ha! Better you tweeting than me, then. :P
yeah, that's how I roll too.
I'm sure there are some who aren't. Hobos for example.
Already starting to work on my second mixtape
RT : you are all dead<= may we all rest in peace
I finally had time to check out some blogs of tweeps I follow. Yours was one of them. I love it!! It's a gem! :)
I think I wanna go blonde ♦+/-
What?? Badly behaving faculty!?!
What are we up to today?? Created 2 new custom #FB & Twitter pgs for our clients, finished a website & tweeted 38 times. Movin & shakin!
thanks so much! Great guy with an interesting story, glad you enjoyed it.
“: That terrifying moment when you realize you're starting to get attached to someone.”
A delayed welcome to DC!!! Though it looks like you're finding most of the great places on your own.
- you guys at ? or nearby?
Japan Ambassador get Seski favorite blanket from Pendleton. He wear well but will sweat lots if take outside.
i think alonzo mourning and tim hardaway are out for the heat too
Alone with my thoughts, writing a poem about the tender torment of love. Anyone know any words that rhyme with Kardashian?
shines through!
Thanks to everyone that came out last night we had a blast!!!
"How old is your baby?" "36 months." WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD!?
RT </3 : That horrible feeling you get when one of your main girls is moving in just a few more weeks.. &lt;"
thanks for the rt! Hope you guys have a great weekend.
#hitsradioloves One Red Martian's song
Watching Jaws, y is Wil trying 2 crawl in2 my armpit? Classic
hey can u plz follow me I WILL FOLLOW BACK I just need more followers cause twitter wont let me follow anyone til i have more
I'm not a Romney fan, but I think his prep school days are irrelevant. Likewise,I still think he's on the wrong side of this issue.
Holy piss Batman! It's raining cats and dogs!!!
whats up with flight 3814? Its now been delayed twice.
I'm a total nerd! Going to see the midnight premier of The Avengers tonight(:
thank you! wonderful company to be in.
if you are innocent you would want to clear your name. Guilty people pay to sweep it under the table
Thanks for the mention!!!!
ah sorry, my bad!!! If I listen to that article, there will be no more of that! It's going to be tough...
the public bathrooms were closed for the winter. K pitied the homeless. everyone should have access to a bathroom
I miss you too! We just get too busy. We need to pencil each other in for some catch up time soon!
omfg hes not my boo. he should have been urs
2009 Primetime Emmy Award Tickets available. $350 per seat. Sept. 20, LA's Nokia Theater. Interested in going, send me a message.
The only real failure in life is one not learned from
seen the estimates of tax savings at $67M. I don't know many ppl that wouldn't leave USA for that kind of cash.
The happiest people don't have the best of everything...they just make the best of everything pursuing their goals in life.
One day, baby you'll meet me again.
Cheer on TEAM ELACC this Sat, Tokyo Service Center Basketball Tournament! We'll be wearing our "Legalize Street Vending" shirts!
Nice. >> RT : I guess Governor Walker thinks he's #antisec now. Sounds about right, actually
It's so nice to know I don't have school tomorrow lol.
coming to dinner in Philly tonight for restaurant week - ive heard amazing things!!!! cant wait!
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant. Robert Louis Stevenson
my name is rod, i like to party
The first series of P&T's Fool Us is now showing on Australia's ABC Network (Like CBC). A magician finished second on Australia;s Got Talent
Hey!!! :D Did you just get this?
club water street. Right next to water street music hall. Band is nice.
#MomentsICanNeverForget when Austin followed me <3 I love you
Being THE Puerto Rican lol
I miss the warm days of March
Happy Friday everyone. We hope you all have a great weekend!
"Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality." - Warren G. Bennis
Listening to Paul's Boutique. RIP MCA.
DUDE!!! I commented and said DAYUM, it looked delish! Ha haa! I mentioned your name the other day to Gustavo from Telemundo.
that's not always a good thing because you can miss out on something great
What a beautiful day to get some business done in #Fishers!
just checking out e206 on www.youtube.com/cocacola
I love my. Job. Servers mess up food orders and I get to eat it. Can life get muchbetter?
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your C&*k in her mouth
Whoa. What a night! Happy birthday to good to see everyone!
can u text me.. I have to talk to u
You know the end of school is approaching when the Tony Award nominations are released. :)
thanks for sharing how Richmonders can help!
get some Zayn ;)
Its 3am & I'm fucking hungry
You're very welcome :)
YOUR DM AIN'T OPEN.. SEND ME YOUR NUMBER ON FACEBOOK NOW! I GOTTA PUT U ON A LICK!
ring the doorbell when he gets here
the problem, as usual, is sprint.
how did you feel when you found out your were pregnant? Were you afraid?
of course <3
We're playing at the venue tonight at 7 with
Word #wifeofamedatudent RT If I had a dime for every time I cursed at med school hahaha I'd be damn rich by now
I'd like to think they were real contrary to popular belief, but my faith is low, low, low.
Can't wait to watch when I'm home tomorrow. On way to stadium now, say hi to precious for us. Who's bringing it out? Peyton?
The more interesting question is who will they leave OUT of In Memoriam? Who'll get "Haimed"?
Hahah no problem(:
I'm surprise no one is tweeting xD!
Soda was a bad choice
It's been a good season, I'm not even mad they tried as hard in one of the most roller coaster ride seasons ever & all the injuries.
I like when I get exactly who I want ;)
Why is misery so much more, than a touch, a kiss, a hug, to settle the score. The game that repeats play by play. Does love exist anyway?
: Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 15!!!!!! Come play a couple tracks
right! I seriously can't imagine #TheGame without Melanie and Derwin. Tasha can not be the center if the show.
RT : Stoked to welcome to the team!
you right too. Works everytime.
My mouth hurts:(
Bieber is Rad! Follow me or retweet if you agree!!!
Thanks for the #FollowFriday shout! Excited to #visitJamaica again for 2 months starting next week!
got that website done.... finally
I know man, he really does. He finished teaching and were all using our phones and ipods now lol
We Love The State Of Kentucky & Want To Follow Everyone In It!
U SHOULD BE ON CBS3 AS ANCHOR OF 6 and 11 THEY NEED SOME FRESH HOTNESS
Wishing mad diarrhea on my rich needy customers that don't leave a dime for a tip
my died at about 10:45
"hey there pancake, how ya doin'? ... BITCH!"
IT'S TOO EARLY IN THE GODDAMN GAME TO BE WORRYING ABOUT SOMEONE NO HITTING YOU
WOW. Bron wrote the story for tonight's news.
#3WordsForYou Jump. Off. Bridge.
What the hell was was i thinking, picking WVU?
Don't welcome me hoe. I'm the reason anyone is even here.
very valid concern. Ideally, new building would come with new ownership.
Your fake grass has weeds?
Omg I just got a a heart attack i'm seriously crying because I got so scared
Call me a safe bet, im betting im not
Im not eating this week ana and mia will be.my friends like always
Laying in bed waiting for you to charge your phone
Newt's sister looks like Susan Boyle
I'm watching a show from last week and just noticed how shinny your nails are #niceMANicure ;)
FUGU! FUGU! FUGU! It's coming sometime in December! Keep your calendars open and we'll keep you posted!
#RoyalPeopleProblems RT : I have that same problem because I'm 👑 and I got the 💰
Need a reliable service for printing business cards, brochures, postcards, etc? DanceFit <3s
o! That would be cool, when are you available?
33days 11hrs 42min till Breaking Dawn !!! Can't wait! Have a blast at the premiers!!!!
to give Frank Bryant Lecture in SA on October 14 - we can't wait!
Just got done playing tennis with Nick :)
Damn that was fast.
well thanks so much! That's an amazing compliment. You rock my friend!
oh my heck!!! Me to!!! Hahaha
same place as Ricardo Rivera lol
oh its 5 hours ahead there! & lucky :O my summer vacation is in a month...
- Yes, I think that he (Deco) already publicly stated that he's leaving
german is now the thing
oh I see. boa sorte
The two main components in IT are hardware and software. But there is also a lesser known ‘grey’ component. This is the software that is...
Everyone's fangirling over how deep Nick's voice was last night & I'm just here like... "I heard that sexy voice in person before y'all" LOL
i was watching a movie. I look over at makayla and she was eating the play lipstick you guys gave her. Hahaha..lol :-)
life doesnt start when you are ready for it, you have to start when life is ready
I've said it before I'm saying it again ... I really need to create an anonymous twitter account
#peytonmanning sure maimi has beaches and what not but nothin can beat Colorado's mountains!
Sometimes goodbye is a second chance.
Happy New Year for all of us at the Actors' Lounge...keep in touch with us!
Here's the ballgame: Bases loaded, no one out, Helton up. 6-2 Sox bottom 6. Okajima in. Get off your computers and get to a TV!
im down!
Thank You so much for the review! It was perfect ☺!!!!
And that person is almost certainly Gary Bettman
Ugh I hate that I can't see all of your tweets now! And it will take forever to follow 500 ppl on this account *sigh*
just resent it
Good weekend Portland, Deene St and Prospect St killllin it as usual
Pair revolution for long-distance couple interactions is coming to #life30 to show the future of
Anywhere that gets me out of PB.
Do u ever feel lime you're being followed?....
Is it bothering you? XD
Thanks to all you have followed me through and have assisted with my awakening and journey. Mixed blessings Pease N Love to all
Free tix for the show tonight, just say "Rebels Basketball" at the door BEFORE 9!
We!!! Pawty time!
flute I have a 700 series yamaha
First sesh w this morn + no hot water in their showers! Refreshing extremes...thx for the intro/slaughter :)
In a day and age where news travels instantly, its remarkable that President Obama & govt officials able 2 keep Bin Laden ops a secret.
AND in the back to back, you lost one WS....
hoping that a door knob was a single trip..
Thanks for following & look forward to your info! #dogood Home of #2DayLatteFast!
Ron bolden is #terrible but the #PennState defense today is ridonculous
yes!! I need to
Thanks for reaching out! Nice to meet you, Rachel. I know a PR grad from FSU , Christina Morgan.. Do you know her?
A whole bunch of cheerleaders on the show this morning. They're waking us all up. Yee haw.
whales are the most beautiful creatures ever...
RT : The 12 Days of a Sugar Free Shawn XMAS starts in 4 days. Grab you free spot...
A gentleman is simply a patient wolf.
What do all you SERIOUS #baseball players out there want to learn how to do?
including you said that you would NEVER eat it .
read..it will put you to sleep
yay! :) I just added the card bucket today. $1 at Target!
So much reading! Very enlightening?
then go get pancakes
S/O to a gorgeous woman, wish i had her on my squad
Thanks to for donating the food for Thanksgiving Baskets!
#icantstandpeoplethat Smoke.. .-. It makes me want to puke when I smell it now..
TOMORROW IS TEAM TUESDAY WHERE WE WEAR OUR FAVORITE TEAM'S SHIRT/JERSEY. IMMA WEAR MY TEAM JACOB SHIRT. !! :) O YEAH!
success not easy, but it's time to celebrate!
ooh something wrong?
Know your worth & function accordingly. When you know you won't allow anyone else to make you feel less important than others.
#AllReadyFamouz and im not even on t.v.
How many parts can we have?
Old nurses' dorm to see new use as arts center - NECN
Riding in my first here in San Diego. Driver's first pickup. Yeee haw! So pimp. //
#IfIWonTheLottoIWould Wasn't this trending a few days ago.
I love my team!!! and are the Best!!!
While getting ready to go dance am pretending I'm a GG nominee...I do hope the red carpet critics will like my pewter smoky eyes attempt!
Thinkin of a master plan... Cuz ain't nuthin but sweat inside my hand
Definitely not LMAO-ing ;-)
Tv and dish is finally done! Yay
(in 50 cent voice) YEAH NIGGA!!!
Will be selling ($20, cash or check only) and signing copies of Lost Washington, D.C this Friday, Nov 4, 12:30 pm to 2:00 pm at MLK Library
i got a long dress, open from the back, colorful lol. Its not elegant, its fun with print.
No, but are you and the rest of 343?
This is NOT The Talk without !!!!!!! Ugh
most BlackFolkz have been brain washed into thinking we shud stop tha procreation our race while tha devil laughz at them all
Hey thanks! We're excited to be part of the coolest art 'hood in town!
that is a coup for the lions. That guy is quick, as you know.
Homemade tortillas are go. My back, not unrelatedly, is gone. Next up: Making flautas while standing rigidly upright.
"You're not going to be scared of it forever. Someday it will stop being so scary. That's when you'll know."
: This conference was lacking your lovely voice! You, me and : femme tech workshop in 2014?!?
Most of the world's #currencies are divided into 100 subunits; for example, one euro is one hundred cents
spongebob may live in bikini bottom but i live in Nathan's shoe bottom <3 follow me!
Yeah I'm seriously thinking about getting SSX
watching the Finals Game 4 its Dirk early Miamis got 2 find a way to stop him if they want 2 win>>>!!!! C'mon Heat Lets Go Big 3!!
Its cool how everyone im close too gotta be #1 at eveything JUST LIKE ME !! haha thats why we get along !! lol
protect that blind side of !
Not everyone who drinks is a poet. Some of us drink because we're not poets.
Other people have ugly babies. And wives, and lives.
RT : Grow up.
New cover coming this weekend & i know its LONG overdue!
the beard should have tipped us off
i wanna go to
you never explained to me how this lil tour thing is going to get funded and if we'll be making profit or shit like that...
What part of Florida are you coming too?!
Integrity simply means a willingness not to violate one's identity. - Erich Fromm
There's also one on broad near chucky cheez RT : #RVA great #restaurant ... Chicken Fiesta on Midlo Tnpk by State Police HQ
yeah its like watchin a good boxing match.
love you SG!
I need to go to sleep. It's 2am and I'm still up...darn shame...lol
OMG HOW DID YOU DO THAT?!?!
Pizza today! :D
Looking for bilingual female reps in Miami, FL for promo on Feb. 27th-28th. Contact for more info.
Nothing triggers financial reform like a 3 person drumline
Ridiculous nonsense!!!
finding it amazing that even though i havent seen this person since 2003, he still has the passion of a 23 year old. easy to admire.
": Making a #Gemini your enemy will be the worst mistake of your life."
haha that is crazy
Ugh I'm getting sick. I feel like crap. If I'm sick on prom I'm gonna be pissed -___-
Happy Leap Day, everyone!
dang I don't wanna get a bathing suit. I'm too chubsskies these days
Follow my lead... "Cough... cough, sniffle... I think my allergies are acting up, boss..."
I haven't had blue ones! Only yellow and pink! But I like the pink the best! Strawberry I think!
Blank silk fashion show at the #perry #miamibeachpolo woo
Loved the NYC show! It was a Bday present from my daughter! I literally LMPRAO
You think if Odom finishes this yr strong, w/ Dwight out the pic til '13 Mavs would consider keeping him next season or NO WAY?
So glad I am at #thatcamp this morning. Already learning...
#Np Passion Pit- Sleepyhead
Getting ready for a full day of shooting. When you love what you do, sleep is no contender.
Happy Founders Day Nupes! Larry Rogers, Jr. Spring, '87 Iota Sigma Chapter, UC Davis
Oh shit.. It's Darren Sharper!!!
^ I want to have children, but my friends scare me. One of my friends told me she was in labor for 36 hours. I don't even want to do...
Why do I even bother glancing at MSM? It usually only leads to potentially damaging my TV and/or remote...
New Orleans La...my hometown..the land that care forgot..the home of the Saints! WHO DAT BABY!
the car breaking down again has been a good excuse to blow off everthing for a prison break marathon
“: Relationships are like farting, if you push too hard, things could get messy real fast.”
I would much rather OKC go all the way but if they get past the lakers then it's on to the spurs
Praying for you and thank you for all your doing to invest in kids.
Six years of Tiger Woods Golf has made me way to familiar with the depths of the PGA Tour.Give me Keegan Bradley.1-1 in majors
Hope everyone had a good weekend!
Everything you can imagine is real.
#FF Singer Music by . Producer Supported by Fueled by
It's a state of emergency!!!!!!
“: Only a bestfriend can see the pain behind a fake smile.”
I'm about to play a game of iPhone baseball and I need a pitcher!
The little miss has a book basket she recognizes as her own. She takes her books out several times a day to look at them. 8 mo old early lit
The debate today: turkey or ham for Christmas dinner? I'm a "ham" person :o) - Theresa Lucas
I like leap day! It's like an extra day to get things done, make more money and to love life!!
I have to dress up tomorrow and present my project to my class I'm gonna die okay
Go 'N Get It
Stacks on me petrone on ice.
I am in for dinnering.
But can't arguments be made using a variety of mediums, not just text?
Field Day is the Aussie equivalent of Coachella, if Coachella was a giant rave with a stripper stage.
I want someone to rub my back til I fall asleep
What are your plans for #2012 ??
try the 3mg...might work. There is a 5mg dose too; that doesnt work for me. I sleep the same amount and wake up foggy headed
I'm going to start describing one of my employees that way.
Thanks! I know I should, Twitter is just so confusing!
“: WHat I do you hung up on me last nite too...what was that about...”// call lost n I calls bac
Phone tripping
Morgan City redistricting plan draws fire from residents - Tri Parish Times
Pool people work fast :)
RT : Aftershocks are possible: duck under sturdy desk or door - stay away from possible falling objects
ah well goodnight guise !
Awesome day! 1st day of my 7 Habits of Highly Effective People Course complimentary of my job. Phenomenal course!
Bill goes nuts, starts replying to himself. RT : Hi, Uh, we're gonna move your desk downstairs into Storage B.
1/21 Dinner Soup Special: Butternut Squash Soup with Spiced Cream & Shaved Green Onions
The first rule of #barcamp is you DO talk about Barcamp
But it won't always swing peoples votes. For instance, black voters are way against gay marriage but will vote for him regardless.
Marc Veasey racks up another endorsement for #CD33, this time from the FWST.
Its been a long time coming. But im back at it! Laptop n all.
What matters most - cities relating to other cities. A hyperlinked network of cities. Pragmatism + collaboration.
And it's just to late, you've already had the best days, the best days of your life. <3
Galaxies are centrifugal, more planets n stars in the middle. Population dissipation from cities to rural areas have the same pattern.
Council wants admin to strike "gasification" from the legislation
This is true. Very rarely does it add the right texture or get the right flavour.
Demi don't want to baby me ctfu
thanks! I'm talking about DMAC and sustainability in teaching, research and service.
22 minutes in and I see the first CGI birds!!!!
if he get outta line his feelings get hurt
+ , solving sourcing and process problems aat
2 wisconsin players drafted by atlanta falcons....Atlanta must be closet Badgers fans
Phew. I aspire to be unstuffy!
Streaming will count against data any time you're on the cell network. If you can connect to a wireless network, it won't.
Get a Lime N' Coconut for me! Live it up.
everyone takes school way to seriously. It's the last 2 weeks. Chill out and be excellent to one another.
WAIT YOU WERE HERE AND I DIDN'T GET TO MEET YOU????
Just had to Google "chose" because my brain just couldn't accept it was a real word and spelled correctly.
Can't wait to see "Lincoln invented Facebook" become accepted fact despite thorough debunking today.
" Only time will tell who deserves 2 be in your inner social circle "youre only as good as the ppl yu surround yourself with"
Happy Anniversary - 5 years down, looking forward to 50 more!
That was an amazing thing to witness. RT : (Correction) Tonight we raised $202,000 (w/ $100,000 match)
Got woken up by Diego crying just now...can't go back to sleep if my life depended on it.
We're celebrating Global Service Day today! How are you serving your community?
this bitch needs to get a diary, or a therapist... damn
hey! we're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. The Cab is one of our bands! check us out? :)
One month away from the MMWKND OMG Cruise Don't be left behind and book today www.theomgcruise.com All inclusive Code: gLoStaR
AP Literature test this morning, time to get me some more early college credit!!
it sucks! Ive been so distracted! And i just realized its too long so now i have to cut things ugh!!!
Follow me and ill follow back
A kitty at my font and I wanna touch him kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty touch it
Anyone have an extra tickets to the #sfgiants game tomorrow night??
WOMEN NEED A REASON TO HAVE SEX. WHILE MEN JUST NEED A PLACE.
At a show listening to & more! AMAZING!
An Eagles hat would've been funnier, since they (allegedly) murdered their season at 3.
my dad asks that about me sleeping lol. He says I have a strong relationship with Morpheus xD
TY new friends!! Go check them out!
- I'll take somebody with a dirty shirt and a great attitude over somebody with a clean shirt and "know it all attitude"
"No one has ever drowned in sweat." - Lou Holtz
oh I dunno. We're gonna make yummy sweet things. No rush.
Room is CLEAN, I even vacuumed, not gonna think about how long this is gonna last ;) ... now debating if I have time to tackle the bathroom
is praying for all those animals that were killed in Ohio, wild animals should stay in the wild...so sad...
I sure hope various factions and competing interests can work together positively. Keep me in mind when you do run for office.
RT I miss theme music for TV shows. Perfect Strangers, Family Ties, Full House - that's vintage stuff!
watching ice skating on TV basically insures that I never get any work done
I always end up loving the spring crop of #RedSox whippersnappers, but yesterday was tough. Will miss Lowell; hope 'Tek finds his way back.
OR if you prefer wine and horse racing will be at Decanter wine festival at Pimlico, also need some happy helpers!
On the bright side, Edinson Volquez was lights out for the #Reds for like 15-20 starts three years ago.
I was just thinking that! I'm due for an upgrade in December so I hope it's around then!
thanks a lot for making me hungry Hilly!! Lol.
I know, intense right? ;)
Tweet #1. We're going to have some fun world ;-)
WTF is planking, it seems like some dumbass shit to me
so true!! But what made you think of that? Did I misuse the term?
I will just have a litle rest here z.....
Don't mind watching an ad to get free WiFi at #OAK, but dropping after 1 hour & forcing me to watch the ad again is another matter.
Get out of my house
Just got a ride home in a Maserati. Again.
no clue
Check for HW, check for assignments, check for what is going on in class.
ordered my first pair of bifocals today - it makes me feel old, but that's outweighed by the fact that I'll be able to SEE
Love it!!“: Winners make it happen. Losers make excuses.”
: Love the photo. Spent many summers hiking all over those trails. Point Lobos? Sigh.
easy guy
thumbs up on that!
Apparently my twitter account has been hacked, I am so sorry if I have been sending you spam!!
indeed. Same day as flaming lips, the get up kids, alkaline trio, de la soul and Britney spears. Haha.
Stores: "Hey let's buy 100 cash registers but only open 3!"
... "Yea! What a man! Glad he came to the rescue!" UGH. I'm still mad and it has been 3 days.
whaz up man?
SO am I the only person who ever feels the urge to do something destructive?
sounds right for the rate at which tools r coming out these days. props to you for keeping up- don't forget to eat/sleep/wee ;)
Awesome and inspiring story about 24 year old mayor of Ithaca, NY on #RockCenter. Inspired by a teacher!!
call me
What does everyone think of the choice of narration in #dexter?
I'm too old for Vegas
will pass out baskets on the streets of Vegas April 7th and make a visit to on Easter morning! #VEGAS CARES
100 people occupying the fifth floor of city hall now!
someone give me a back rub
Would love to see another stalker walk out on #Lakers court and yell "Where's Luke Walton?"
Do you realize how much you make us smile?
PS - please don't tweet about my mom -> she's a minister (I'm the son of a preacher(wo)man!) - would hate to make things weird! ;)
I will, I never sleep anyway! “: Who else will be getting up at o'dark-thirty to watch the in Japan at 3 a.m.?”
oh of course BB u kno ;)
Yup. Wordpress previews are viewable only by the creator. (no, not that creator).
I love the weather but I wonder of we will ever see snow again.
couldn't hold on to the lead
now try telling web students to use it!
To be a real champion, you must believe you are the best. If you're not, pretend you are. - Muhammad Ali
Happy Valentine's Day! Don't know what to get your love one? We have gift certificates!! Get 20% off any detail!
If u in Atlanta were u gone be at I'ma come thru.
Don't you have an A&M logo on your car?
Good night
yeah it's all very sad. I'll miss you very much! I'm sure we will have many adventures next semester!!
Totally sunburned from 20 minutes of driving my car on my lunch break today. Really?
-- Thanks for the #FFs!
cuz I was in my car.
very very very tired.
One year anniversary is coming up, which means SPLURGE TIME! Where should I go? ...thinking (finally)
um what do you want me to refer to you guys as? Browns? wtf...
Driving slow in the fast lane. Move, bitch...
ahah. Yee. I bet it is perfection. Haha. I would of never thought of something like thatt. Lolol
TGIF! "Like" our status if you are happy that its FRIDAY ;)
who exactly replies back to mentions? :)
Jumping the bandwagon, working on a Gotye - Somebody That I Used to Know Progressive House remix.
RT Every tweet that has #beatcancer today raises money for cancer research - they're going for world record today . Please RT
Go ENGINEERS !
Yes it is! And Happy Holidays to y to Amy!! & a wonderful New Year!! xo :)
fanny pak shouldn't even be on the show doe
Happy to play a part in harvesting a fine Ohio buck this evening. Congrats, my friend!
Ask your MD about hiccups as sign of heart problems.
Attention! I HATE everyone that is going to drake tommrow that is all (:
Decorative paper in the hands of a creative person takes on a life all its own
I just spent my grocery money on clothes. At least I'll look cute eating pb & j's this week.
RT : "It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it." Somerset Maugham”
Thank you Cheryl. It's a pleasure
Friday is perfect...your town? What time!
Does owning a beard & a pair of strappy sandals make you Jesus? No. Does owning a digital cam & Photoshop make you a model? Absolutely not.
Find out how to start bringing in planned gift commitments at little or no cost on my FREE Ventureneer Webinar on Jan. 25...
Hi Hope you like our twinning tweets and thanks for following Newark Twinning.
We are here! Huddle in the parking lot! RT : Coffee club is here. We can work now.
Time to write some music. Does anybody have any ideas?
ya mean wacko of the yr or maybe roast turkey of the year.
Aint nothin to do today im bout to hit the gym
craigslist. which would probably lead to stubhub.
Try one of our featured lemon doughnuts today! They are sure to satisfy that summer fruit craving!
Effective communication is not guaged by how well (strong or classy) u speak, but by if the other people leave convo w/same idea u intended
I don't like decorated ass movies that have those "never happens in real life" endings
hey....next time you come to Detroit, please DO NOT let me know. My wife just put you on her "list". Thanks.
You would like it! ;) I loved the brittle crunch with the sweetness of the berries.
Go ohio bobcats!!!
"Commit your workds to the Lord and your plans will be established." ~Proverbs 16:3
In the west end
I. Feel. Like. Crap.
"Early-stage drunk discovery startup Mitergy...." Sounds like a fun place to work at!
Wow! Thank you. RT : YOU ROCK THE ART WORLD!!!
Especially Tom Cruise!
Thanks for the follow! I am a portrait and wedding photography in the Philadelphia area. Hopefully we can interact again soon
The Seven Forces Disrupting Venture Capital
what is that even out still?
I see what you did there...
Apple Pie = Yum!
they wouldn't even fight...
dance gavin dance is playing in chicago for all starss, yay<3
Didn't see that coming.
Hey, Yuppies, a button up dress shirt with a pair of jeans and dress shoes looks ridiculous.
"What if you just smoked fiber?" "Or Viagra..."
playoff hockey rivals that of any other sport - great speed, great energy, great game
your hashtags are strange Nick. Hahaha. ☺
I'll keep you updated on the status of the confrontation. Currently it's at a stand-still.
The new #foofighters video is awesome!
yea right i dnt care bout that!!!
How do you define an aardvark?Aan aanimal that resembles an aanteater!
RT : No need.You have served our country and now serving our communities.Your efforts are dearly appreciated!
Twitter. You make NO SENSE to me!
#inappropriatefuneralsongs we had a good thing dont know if imma see u again...lol jcole-workout
Bad loss for the Bulls. Too many turnovers & missed free throws killed us in this one plus lack of rebounding down the stretch didn't help.
Never heard of FOI for phone call records. So I doubt browser history, or building security camera footage, etc.
Giving social rewards by a shot -
thanks. Let me know how it goes!
Sorry #Starbucks, Leonard Cohen's (or anyone's cover thereof) Hallelujah is not an Xmas song by any stretch of the imagination.
NIGGAS NEED ATTENTION TOO I SEE WHY NIGGAS CHEAT CAUSE YALL THINK ALL OF THE ATTENTION IS IN YALL SMH IT WORKS BOTH WAYS
Wow, what a great game. Japan needs some good press.
Ok, I am going to attempt this theming for AnchorCMS!
Fabio is a better bargain than Pimleseur.
& so little time! #medlibs So much good/interesting news 2 blog bout. I swear sometimes it's feast or famine...right I'm feasting.
great week kicking off the new team! SF next time!
A4: Humble confidence, passion, a sense of humor, coachability -- and a damn good avatar with a big-ass smile.
I can't wait. RT : Those asshole airline attendants might try to make me turn my iPod off, but it's not fucking happening.
How u know its da truth if u bein lied 2
Dryer has been fixed. We are hoping for rain again!
welcome back!
YAY I can't wait to get there for that reason!!!
So Ellis has been waived.... Had a feeling it was going to happen...
Why do I cry over you
When people get on the bus, then get off four blocks later. BITCH you coulda walked
My graduating class humbled me w invitatn 2 share Sunday morning "Meditation" 2 conclude our wkend festivities-am preparing:)
So much we are working on in the office!! Can't wait to give you updates. Tip of the Day: Get 1 single niche and make it work for you!
Things are probably going so well because so few cars out there.
well ima logg for little bit but ill be back on
Just posted my story to the forums! (Heat 5: Little Red Strings). I'll look for yours to give you feedback.
Go crazy, buy a book! I miss borders ð
Rodgers had jennings wide open!
Oh my gosh I still can't believe how much I love giving head. If I were thinner could I find more penis?
Congrats on the new edition!
Up and at it early
Poss/ dad of year award. With daughter at Hannah movie. I am only guy here and am skewing the average age by 20. All good tho she is psyched
Looking forward to your tweets, ChaliceMedia team! Great to connect with a fellow Colorado business.
Lol! I guess it sucks to be Snooki I guess :S.
so cool -- tom jones just walked past my desk. got a front row seat.
Ok, I'm done worrying about relationship stuff so from this point on its time 2 put ALL my attention on my career.
How 'bout them Celtics?
Hehe. That's funny! :/)
I love when people call me "My love"
Thanks alot! :) Go look up our youtube videos and there is some screaming tutorials ;)
Had an AMAZING time at the house show was there. Glad to see some people!
amazing ladies!
let him know.. You know he'll do whatever he can
We make a living by what we get. We make a LIFE by what we give
There is art everywhere I turn.
*waves back* Hi chicka! How goes the writing?
Milk and cookies before bed! Yum :)
summer in BK resolution: drinking inside, outside of a beer garden, and/or not on a roof will need some serious justification on my part
Yeah she's looking for volunteers for next weekend lmao haha I'm dead!! : sheesh thats a walk
i really wish i didn't miss you.
Thank God for clarity....
Babe Ruth: "He's a BoozeCamp Hero, Got Bars in His Eyes..."
Doing well so far! Go Pacers!
Since I'm in a damn fine mood here's more #FF ~Enjoy✓
Is suffering from Chronic Reflection Fatigue Disorder. A common side effect of grad school.
“: This bitch in the McDonalds drive through said she want a McDouble well done. Oh ok.” 😳
Sixth Graders touring the Jr.High today...
link didn't work
Always love sharing the difference the WDW College Program made in my life. Loved speaking on tonight's panel!
don't forget Iowa
I'm in such a #DancyMood today!! #Dancing date anyone?!
im glad that you know! baha but u better work ur.....dollnesssss....one word FIERCE! :)
We can't wait to welcome you to Stay. Send us an email to so we can confirm your details. Best wishes
Kind women >>>
fucks with that
Jane Bennett asks, "How might the nonhuman turn help us live more sustainability, with less violence towards other bodies?"
He stands erect by bending over the fallen. He rises by lifting others. ~Robert G. Ingersoll
Im pretty happy with the work in my portfolio right now. But i med to shoot more and continue building it up.
If you can't take an April Fool's joke
Less than a month full my BIRTHDAY>>>>>
Great Oscar night Bruce Cohen!!!!! Congrats again Colleen Atwood! We still have the dress!
you're fat and wear a push up bra. dumb slut
me you dan and Alyssa are all married to each other we are like sister wives or some shit we decided that months ago!
lol mine too i was groovin' and everybody was looking at me
No?! Guys,i go to Paris ! Tonight ! My parents make me a surprise ! Rt3
All I Can Do Is Speak From The Heart❤🙏
Scared the beejeebies out of a group of students today about what they are putting online. www.curseoftheredcup.com
'72 Bruins (Orr, Sanderson, Marcotte, others) help raise banner for 2011 Stanley Cup Champion Boston Bruins!
R.I.P Whitney Houston, i will always love you <3 :'(
We were just as stoked!
#ItsInsaneHow people change
234-You have gorgeous eyes! I'll ship you with Liam Payne! (:
man he might, but if not, he's too good for diggy anyways lol
Let's go Jeets!
Table full of black people at BlueRibbonSushi eating the fried chicken...
Headed to Lucias w/ Working on a brand refresh. It's a time of change, to explore new beginnings & to make things happen....
Idk guys them faggots just have all the fun. <'3
Last night's M&G at Tom Foolery's was incredible!!!
I can't wait to make some!!
I hear the ice is moving on the Yukon River by Nulato!
I love when my mom uses the threat " if you don't eat your salad your not going this weekend!"
I bet the first person who ever said "shit happens" was eating a Taco Bell burrito.
My bad hair day is giving me horrible anxiety. I just wanna hide in bed.
The title should be "Challenge Won". Obama and Romney's solutions come from the same myopic thinking and box o' same 'ole.
that's love
Yes, so glad we got coffee and that you're enjoying the internship!
I got a 3.0 this semester according to the standard everybody else uses. But I didn't like it, so I decided I got a 5.1 based on my own
You stole me with hello and killed me with goodbye
lol real funny
I can relate to your Mad, Crazy Life! Thanks 4 the follow :-)
THANK YOU! We had a blast doing it!
#Np ; Drake - Brand New.
We were a couple of nights off in our predictions: you for Kitty's Back and me for Darkness on the Edge of Town
Omg, "Will" looks like a vampire xD
Dear CF & GP. Did you get more lights for the bigger studio or will I need to turn up the brightness on my TV... again.
Interesting article RT : Art in Provincial Culture
Wavecrest Woodies meet at Moonlight Beach was great. My favorite were the 2 cute little dogs in the small woodie wagon.
Welcome back to the #1 spot of my TV shows You've been missed.
After a certain weight it all feels the same to me. I never got that. Just able to lift it less times
The best part about that party was last night was seein Derrick #Unnnnf (;
haha what time is it? :o
Interviewing Cubs 1B Bryan LaHair today for a story for Vine Line, the Cubs mag. He's had long journey but this yr is his big shot.
haven't talkd to my sis much since I started working.. I miss her so much
Somebody who wins a lot please beat me at #chesswithfirends User name Speakspress. I having a hard time finding good challenges.
see that's a better reason :) NIGHT LINDSEY lol
lol. I know right. I thought about it just the other day
for the record I do not have a small penis ,, ask all the girls I slept with . How many have yu fucked ?? 0 haa
Proud moment when I got my kids at school, and 6 yr old said "MOM THAT'S AC/DC!!" upon getting into car &hearing Hells Bells on the radio.
She's kind of sexy but shhh don't tell her...I might be in a lil bit of trouble, but that's ok we aren't public yet :)
#insomnia like always can't sleep thoughts fresh and real the purpose is there time for action... 🙇
A direct descendant, in fact. Haha. No I just like dino blogs.
bring belle over too!
Run ended early today thanks to a balky Achilles. 1st run in five weeks that wasn't awesome, so no complaints.
the more the merrier.
no not you!!
Thanks Steph - we're excited!
You see that slow-mo! is the real deal!
playing the role of sweaty librarian today.
... As 4 the other comments these guys are 21-22.Who among us hasn't greatly matured since that age?
yezzzzz ! Aha devious much
haha... John Grisham you are not. :(
time to redneck-up this tool
Good morning! Good morning to music!
hey boo email for info!! miss you and i am sure you will come visit once moves here
You may want to cheat and go up to an Alinea-scale 20 course tasting menu to satisfy all constituencies.
RT : Q5 I can imagine a time when someone will want to preserve an ebook because of its beauty+ such but were not there yet
I truly don't think we would have won anything with Fabergas as a captain, he's not a leader, hence why he went to Barca
Drive safe! :)
Wow hyun! That's going to be amazing.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Tate: "Promise me you'll never cut yourself again."
"The more I learn about people, the more I love my dog"
Ya'll barely beat the mavs
sweet. Dinner sounds fun ;) we should do it Sat. And remember Hacienda on Weds
#2016 I Graduate #HighSchool :) .. Can't wait too get out of Philly and move too the big L.A :P
good morning! Heading to the Country Springs presidential event?
What can you do to keep those unwanted phonebooks away from your porch for good? Check out my 6p report live on
& im about to cry again.. But icant talk to yoou..
hearing someone say "i don't know what to tell you" when I have a problem makes me a million times more pissed off
Well that was a whole lot of nothing to get excited about...
This is the loveliest March I've seen in London since 2005.
looks like you need company...
hell yeah u do ur shit for mrs omara?
Do you have end of year exams? ;)
service. I saved $108.00, who couldn't use that!!!!!
I want to watch a compilation of "reactions" of people when you walk into Walmart. That is all.
Spurred by police brutality, Chicago congressman Ralph Metcalfe split from Daley machine: 'it's never too late to be black'
cuz i dont want to duh
a snow storm coming through the area now...followed by rain. I will never get to snowboard or sled this year :'(
C'mon CBS & Big Brother Production,WHY wont you let the houseguests SING,we want to hear them SIng, better then burpin
PS -- it's HOT down here. Wear linen and cotton. Be casually chic.
At the #MCN2011 keynote with Lots of people tweeting here, so I'll tread lightly.
#NF he a beast n the #UFC!!
Wow; very nice! I must have been there 5 times since it opened and I never knew...thanks for the news!
it would be great to see you and Heather. Things will be a little calmer after the Food and the City conference at BU this week.
Tell your story in a way that the audience gets a feel for you as a human being. Make them aware of your successes.
And so am I!
this is incredibly well done sir
My love for you was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me <3
": I still remember the feeling I felt when I first started talking to you."
Loving nicki minaj's new song superb ass .....i mean super bass
Life is so much more beautiful after a glass of sangria
Oh okay! Sorry about that. I know, they are all so true!
i hate school l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l
good morning :)
Sometimes i could find a reason to hate the whole human population.
RT : Today in 1926: Magician Harry Houdini died of complications from a ruptured appendix. More from :...
so great having you at Seven on Wednesdays! What did you think? Hope to see you back this Wednesday!
good news/bad news. bad news: DOUBLE CROSSED BY THE GARBAGE MEN & thrown in the truck. good news: surrounded by delicious garbage.
great work , naturally
Ahaha my teacher called me wild today . 0okay.
Everyone plz add #cgbb to any of ur post! Much appreciated
I just realized what words with friends was. and no. I played the original board game. I'm old.
Taking my #Mythbusters groupies to see Grant Imahara today. Big event!
Cute picture yall rockin my favorite color
Affordable on line personal training coming soon! Will keep you posted as soon as it is up and running.
People change
yeeeaaaah so that mean BRING YO AZZ and party wit us club MAI“: Special Guest DJ @ #MAI2MORROW”
we're going to get you to one this summer. Bet that. preferably one where you have a date. But we will.
You wanted it so you got it... Had it but then you lost it... Now you regret it
Greetings back to you from the West Bob! Hope all is well for you and thanks for the tweets.
Looking forward to mentor event tonight. It still amazes me that these amazing industry leaders give their time. So grateful!
wazzup with the studio?
thanks Mike!
omg my mom is having sex that shit is gross she like 40 yrs old !
I have both and exam and a quiz!! I feel quite prepared
#BestWayToDescribeMe fashion make up and love
#chelseafc fan till the day I die
Happy Birthday! :)
thanks. I liked "elegy," too. Really looking forward to the September launch
I'll also have a new butter on hand - Peppermint Butter!.
Nice at bat by Cutch. He kills the Nationals!
We have no desire to do what has already been done. MindFirstFitness.
we'd love to hear what you think of that massage!
and paper plates - nice! Ha. I have kids what's your excuse??? Lol
State troopers re: concrete barriers: All we know is that they're limiting vehicle access.
Folks filtering in for our breakfast #AD4MH event, the first of three programs today!
Having a meeting about World IPv6 Day. Or as its known in Eastern Europe, Christmas.
#BroughtonMemories not doing anything in ROTC
yes!! That would be fab to see you, spend time. :) let me know your flight details! xoxo
The enemy walks amongst us!
Dear family, You know I can hear you when you criticize me "behind my back," right? I'm RIGHT ACROSS THE HALL.
yes, in feb with Jill for 5 days. Shanghai! Super excited.
walk out of the room for 5 minutes come back and its over. Didnt know they used 5 zambonis in the playoffs
We all agree. The blended margaritas went from being our least favorite thing to make to being our favorite thing to pour. Booze slurpee!!!
that's what I like to hear!!!! LeeeeeGooooo
Just walked closer to a pigeon than ever before.
when we were asked the same question, we used to say, "we're practicing". We usually weren't asked again :P
Mystifies me that common sense--not to mention common courtesy--don't prevail in thank you land.
There should be a movie about Robert Moses
Can anyone recommend a tool similar to #xtranormal or #goanimate4schools that is still free? Would love to find an alternative!!
ACT like a lady, THINK like a boss.
Pirates vs. Astros is the free game of the day over at MLB.tv I'd register and watch but the Pirates have all of 1 hit through 5 innings.
Bartender, why are you so hot?!
THE DEVIL INSIDE made a surprising debut at #1 with $34.5 million, making it one of the biggest January debuts ever!
RT : So true! But when water is scarce, I found that the grass with the deepest roots is greenest!! :)
happy birthdaaaayy!! :D
Going to Doc on May 2nd to get in the fold. Thx so much. Love she's so close. May move Dog Dad there after I visit.
Thanks so much for sharing Jaimie's post with your followers :-) Hope you had a wonderful weekend!!
i pinky promise we will! I'm trying to go on a million adventures Starting Monday dude!
On set, getting into makeup. Really excited about this shoot. Same DP as #PortalNoEscape working with the best!
Nothing like listening to the version of tears in heaven while waiting for my train.
Everyday I get better and better.
The Aquanet Could explain the hold up going through airport security.
if you eat the shark in jello, that, my friend, is ART
i,m a very big fan of your show
yea I'm feeling a lil better. Thanks for asking.
The body is but a vessel to get the Soul where it needs to go
So the dictator is just Borat with a beard??
thanks for the retweet!
NEW PROFILE LOOK !! :D
Oh, & it was fun & I'm exited to see if I get another call back
happy new year to all you beautiful small businesses! we appreciate you
Thankfully though, these great institutions have found a new way to improve their competitiveness
Listen to track 6
fav organic model technique: extrude the whole length (shoulder to nail, chin to jaw angle, etc) then interpolate. Helps dodge lumps.
that's just diarrhea
what is the one peice of #technology you cannot live without?
What's the hash tag for this event?
out drinking with my boys in the woodlands.
"Our needs drive our behaviors" Listening to a masterful teacher at Glasser quality school speak @ meeting student needs
Well, I have to agree!
.com? Lol yeah I hope I do :) I'm excited to start college lol
overall good article tho!
MY 3RD EYE MAKE ME SHINE LIKE JEWELRLY- RAKIM
hell yeah! ;)
The age in actors on #PrettyLittlethings ranges from 4 years old to 60+
just saw hesher. Amazing movie dude! Loved it. Hope u do more movies!
": The mark of godliness is graciousness.The more carnal I am,the more critical I am."Let your speech ALWAYS be gracious"Col4:6"
about to call it a night! Yay another week of hard work!
Wow, 3 days? That's insane. I hope people are using repos and offline during that time.
ONLY 7 MORE "LIKERS" NEEDED TO DO THE $100 GIFT CERTIFICATE DRAWING! PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD. THANKS!
Bruce nelson sighting...he said I was one of his favorite players of all time
u have a nice website
Cool story, tell it again?
if someone were to buy me the complete series of boy meets world and saved by the bell, i wouldn't be mad at them.
Haha. I understand your pain, don't worry. Doesn't help when you have dudes chopping their hands off.
and I just want more followers....
I'm always to nice . Not anymore ..
Checking out baseworld.com. Missing Miami weather.
good morning '
Don't forget about Saz's. That really must put him in the
Our thanks for the retweets!
already done :)
Today is National Scrabble Day... LIKE if you also play "Words with Friends"
Looking forward to playing tonite...set time is 11.45pm.
I'm sad, hurt, angry, disappointed . But you know what? I'll put on a smile and move on. It will hurt , but I'll survive .
#note2girls If a guy doesn't let you know that you're his 'Princess', then its doubtful that he's your 'Prince' charming!
you are the best....
Yes. RT : silence and violence were bedmates of southern black survivalist discourse
Now Following
No. It was a good foul. It saved 2 points.
O_O the cookies and milk were on the table i swear!they must of just ran away -wipes the cookie crumbs and milk mustache off face-
hahhaha well I was stood next to you for quite a bit so ;p
dont ever let a women make you.
13 minutes then I can crawl into bed. (:
idkkkk, the one where he said 'my towels >>'
What constitutional amendment did the Volstead Act seek to enforce?
How is everything going on your end?
Well, I must be off to bed. Until our next twitter encounter, goodnight!!
thank you for the info
Thank you for the #FF's!
Neither does dessert when you steal a bite or three of someone else's.
2 very important dates: Ayo turns 25 next weekend Sun, Apr 29, Daydreams and Nightmares mixtape in June
go get your yearbook if you must. Think end of last year......njhs......
Five New Films Announced as Part of After Dark Action
Awesome!! Switched at Birth & Michael Jackson Glee r both trending!!!! Two of my favorite shows!
and you told me to use a condom last night lol
Family is all!
profanity? My my. I will see you guys later.
love that I can follow many of my favorite dead philosophers on twitter
I'm so bored but there's like no one on ..
very cool! :) Have u been to the beach yet?
Feel free to check out Misplaced Comedy Group anywhere on line! Just Google us!
On sunny days, I smile. On rainy days, I smile. On bright days, I smile. On dark days, I smile.
Ladies and Gentlemen... are one song in to destroying #Louisville shit sounds AMAZING!
I'm in Cartagena and want to attend #yabtforum, who can tell me how can I make it so that I get in??
Call me a nerd all you want, Legend of Zelda is the best game ever invented.
great view checkout the Elite Showcase Basketball Classic UNLV recruit participating
you inspire me mana! Beauty, brains and a good heart!
will do!
That Yankee fan still could of given jeter the ball and get paid after all jeter and Yankees org. make billions and he payed for his ticket
The crew. You already know
Enjoying a rousing game of dreidel with the kids. Nothing like getting sandbagged by a nine-year old. Happy Chanukkah!
:: What did we learn on Live today? 1. suggests going to her place. 2. Vegans love/hate bugs. 3. Underwear. It's all up on you.
I put my smoothie in the freezer to get cold and I forgot about it. Now it's a slushie. :-(
oh. i shouldn't be allowed to play this game.
SPECIAL WEEK OFFER! Week of all members picks for only 35$ Email me for more details
The U.S.'s relief efforts for Haiti are awsome. To get an air traffic controller in place so quickly is AWSOME.
Dr. Conrad Murray! Found Guilty
This is a cool fucking day.
That last quote about me being "fat and lazy" was from the 's article on me from August 20, 1895. Gee thanks!
i just met and learned how to use Pledge
when are you heading down the FL?
same! Prom, graduation, bday, vacation! So excited.
low key, this high school bball game is on point right now
NWST: #Seahawks Free Agent Additions. Mike Sando, talking , plus #Mariners end the streak. 9:30
All warm in a Mona Lisa blanket :)
Happy 3rd anniversary at , ! We're so lucky to have you on our team!
Just found a STE CD on Ebay! Totally buying this!
i can hear the techs talking about cougars in the next room
Morning : Morning all!
HAPPY CYBER MONDAY. MAKE SURE YOU CHECK OUT EYECANDY'S HOT DEALS!
I think you've broken me.
aw, well its pretty cheap and it helps us out too!
Another glorious day! Which happens to be the name of our newest recording...stay tuned!
our artist wants to perform at love
what? This sounds like some illegal activity...
Direct marketing production vendors provide expertise and efficiencies that can save companies money...That's exactly what Sir Speedy does.
I'm all yours if you're all mine *
You should write a letter to her parents :)
accurate project status?
no doubt.
The middle class needs help!! For the sake of all americans work to get the payroll tax cut signed!
THATCampers, don't forget to post your session ideas to the website! Remember: brevity is the soul of "more hack, less yak."
like the 80s?
why do beautiful people stress so much
thanks. So sweet Shawnia
Finally an awesome performance, Phillip is amazing and pretty dang hot.
If God gone take me as I am I guess I already got on my church clothes.
Yeah thanks for favorite-ing my tweets .
I got that gin in my system. Someone gon be my victim.
Ha. RT : Takeaway: some people still read the Chronicle of Higher Ed.
#SKCvRSL SKC aren't attacking towards the Cauldron in the first half like they nearly always do. Why? Weather?
where did that come from lol ... nd yea u do .!
Champaign for my real friends!
I Beg Your Pardon, Sir, But Have You Any Knowledge As To The Whereabouts of My Automobile?
New drinking game! Every time CBS interviews an old white guy during golf tournament, take a shot! Every time they say A T & T, take another
Just sold another Dan Fleming original! "Dust Devil Swept Away" was swept away to a lucky new home tonight. Congrats, Dan.
#MyPastRelationships suck. #sowwy need a good boy in my life.
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox
looking forward to the updates. Love the good news!
#mudmelt Melanie Kehoss: two views of tech&art.one tech is behind the scenes. The other tech is the art.
Don't miss the powderpuff 3rd place game! and play at 7pm.
4 Ways To Make Sure Your Likeable – Social Networker Attraction Marketing?
it's kinda late for "well and healthy." All the miraculous healing powers of the liver are closed to me by now.
love you mimi! xo
had real mexican food for the first time ever today. soo good!
You have to do your own growing, no matter how tall your grandfather is. -Irish proverb
er... congrats on the move then!
Morning boat ride to a platform off of Santa Barbara, happy to be out of the heat. Ocean breeze is feeling good.
'give yourself permission to screw up productively' this is actually also good advice for life.
no I was in the slippery rock tournament
were you sitting on some food cart in the back? I feel like I saw you.
Follow me plsssss!!Im voting everyday for you!!I love you Rebecca!! :DD Continue singing cos ur amazing !!
What a beautiful story!!
She just really want me 4 my Gear
I hustled to collect donations from 2 friends, but then my friend that asked me to collect met me the next morning for pickup.
No problem my man, I mean it 100%. Just enjoy your youth for the time being and it will come, it will come when you least suspect
just heard on local radio. 1 for sure, 2 is probable.
oh I agree Fo sho. That's shenannigans bro.
"I just wanna see the light show"
♥ Happy Bday ;)Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?&make her shut up , finally ? She can't stop talking bout ya ;D(10)
So ready for school to be over
it's cool I don't want a girl with short hair anyway lol. Don't dye it hair
Please e-mail me at . there is something you might want to know about.
...just got it yesterday! "suggested" it (suggested the way an Argent "suggests" a werewolf not date her daughter)
#IfIWasJustinsGirlfriendIWould Poison his sandwiches
Going to sleep not for the bull shit tonight...
Ok, that second girl is ugly as fuck and you have to promise that the first one won't talk. She looks stupid as hell.
but the better question is, is ?
MT : Tomorrow #AmericanU will name Pres. Bill Clinton #Wonk of the Year. Better luck next time &
I'll check as soon as I can. Byrd has always been one of the quickest trotters (Wrigley's 3B dugout always slowed him down)
Happy Mothers Day!! We are playing at the Hibiscus in Morristown NJ from 12 to 4:30. Good food & no cover!
followed!:D
I love my girl friend so much:-D
And... (hard to keep up! You all are great! Thank you!)
lmbooo. That's so mean
flatterd by the follow. I"m a big admirer of everything YOU"VE ACCOMPLISHED (plus yr GS post). I hope to see IRL sometime.
DailyHookahTips#149: For all you hookah nubes out there, #narghile is the most common term for #hookah outside of the United States.
they are in the closet yet find you attractive
We had happy hour w/ the Tigers yesterday in support of the foundation. Great event, great cause! It was a blast!!
I support u. Stay strong, humble, and continue to learn from the past to become better.
where should I be dropped? In the car now.
how fun!
A3 (supplemental) #FutrChat End of the traditional work hour= 24-hour museum? Servicing different patrons at hours most convenient?
<--- this guy is a sweetheart and funny! Follow him because I said so 😊💋😝
Tangerine Tango is 's 2012 #color of the year. We can print it, certainly, but will you be using it?
Just spent $1.00 on gas
#IWouldDoAnythingfor another day of sleep before skoo
Inline reactions show users ease and sharing priority, resonates.
Who gives a shit what Victor Ortiz thinks of Canelo?!?
#kids Wildflower Hotline for Central and Southern California: Wildflower Hotline for Central and Southern California Friday, May 11, 2012...
thanks, you too :)
yeah, hard to see this going anywhere officially ... tho the political message seems to be gaining
there was some kind of major delay when I left (I also left from millbrae which makes a big difference)
It absolutely blows my mind how authors like Nabokov and Hemon write so beautifully in a language that's not even native to them.
I hope this Jason Russell incident doesn't take away from the message: when it comes to humanitarian work, you can't beat around the bush.
If it wasn't for them. Smh
Last day of membership specials is coming! Starting January 2, we'll be offering a great boot camp special. Stay tuned!
We're open and blending! Come on by and trade!
I've got a face. Can we role-play?
hahahahaha. I threw up
thanks Boo Baby
My head is just spinning trying to decipher upcoming mind blowing tweet! I cannot contain myself much longer!!!
Ahh yea I'm talking to boy ! Hi ( :
I love smoothie
#sschat Vision of wikis would be a personal "wikipedia" of their learning,interpretation, etc....focus on research/analysis/product creation
different companys I think
Dear antibiotic: If you can punch this infection in the face and knock it out, you will be my new hero.
wow!!! That IS super exciting!
It's a good day when I run into a friend who also bike commutes and we bike to work together
hello there cutie :)
We are playing with them at the door in Dallas Texas :) if you live anywhere near here we have tickets!!
awkward moment when happy birthday kesha is beat happy birthday justin bieber lol
Rainy here, too. Must get up and do things anyway, before my best friend arrives. Yippee!!!
Omg everything is so funny right now ahahahahha
Working on some new clothing
interesting analysis in memo: discussion re. incentives to attract STEM educators who aren't already committed to teaching
hey sis I had fun with you at lunch . We have to have lunch at this restaurant along the water front
Stating for the record that on merits "Descendants" should win best picture. (Sorry, Malick) But I'm aware "Artist" has it in the bag.
You dropped Muslims in America because it was too controversal but haven't pulled your ads from #BoycottRush - time to
Got an email from saying tickets were now on sale for Panicked until I saw it was just random theater outside NYC
Put your phone on Lebron mode. No ring!!!
Maybe it is, I don't know though.
two things you love ": Imma get real high and buy a puppy
So awesome to see Kevin Clash passing on knowledge and teaching the younger generation.
HUNGER IS UNACCEPTABLE! Everytime you shop with us... we donate to feed a child a day @ hunger to hope! Lets care and share the word...
cause we a bail jump everytime....
We like our national motto....In God We Trust. Why on earth would that need to be discussed in Congress?
Could you go ahead and schedule a meeting or something? No wait, it's time to go home!
Ladies we are still in American Heart Month. Do you know the symptoms of an impending heart attack (they are different in ladies)?...
(i) South Korean Trade agreement; (iv) Libyan aid; (v) START treaty
“No one really listens to anyone else, and if you try it for a while you'll see why.” – Mignon McLaughlin
#Thebestfeelingintheworld feeling like everyone accepts you for you.
Busy for daughter: 4 shows at Lyceum.
Thanks so much !!!
update iphone...recheck manually manage music...itunes erases all songs from iphone...every fing time I update Thanks apple
Why do people eat so late, all they do is make the line longer!
Hey employers: if you call it an internship, but you require prior experience, you are shady and should be ashamed of yourselves.
RT True": if you look & act just like everybody else, you're probably going to get seen & treated...just like everybody else."
Panel 1 is well underway. Lew Aron, Jessica Benjamin and Nancy Chodorow on Second Wave Masculinity
hrmm. I'm pretty sure we don't yet have a way to fine tune Repeats. :( Would be a very useful addition.
see you in about 5 minutes..
They are blaming Tami's behavior on ONE shot. Look... Tami is 6'5 245 lbs I'm sure she can take down a bottle of Ciroc easy.
When your dreams turn to dust, vacuum.
Thanks for the RT!
Ditto ;-), I noticed you're in the palisades, do you ever get down to the promenade?
Great! Hopefully you can make it to my, and/or 's talks & get a sense of USC's intellectual community!
quit whining lol
Morting! And Halleluyer! Happy Ash Wednesday! God Bless,especially as we enter this season of Lent.
We always want what we can't have.
i have to disagree, i think pedophiles are EXTREMELY discriminatory.
An evening with - Absolutely amazing. Funny, smart and incredible music. One of my top 5 shows.
The media portrays Blacks an average 57% of the time in stories about the poor- InSpotter app
I dont see why people go eat lunch at the school all the time, but when I bring Taylor lunch they wont even let me past the front office?
is checking in for Shanghai at SFO.
Follow friday follow
RT if you love Liam Payne, i will follow you :)
Naturally up early (1st sleep away from baby) b4 we begin the day at Considering a workout, but missing my Baby Weight buddy!
Leaving NC Mnts today. Sadness
I wish I was as smart as I think I am.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. Thomas Paine
Nice to be back in Bloomington! Great to hear some music i worked on over break!
Such a boring night... I'm going to paint my toe nails
I've never been so excited to eat panera before....
whats good!!!! tweet tweet...
Mother Teresa - I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.
We'll think of something :) Did you bet on Orton? I won 5 mil! :P
but i can go buy some ;) its only 6:16pm here ;D so Ha! ill share with you :$ hehe
I need to start realizing that some people have it way worse than i do.
glad you got the hawkeye one...I could not draw a hawk for anything.
Last night was mad real. Psyche
The Steeler victory has inspired me 2 keep on learning how 2 let go of immediate anger & disappointment in order 2 move on 2 hope & victory!
What's your schedule look like? Hit the trailer yesterday. Loaded up on new stuff, love it!!
ur such an inspiration! and were all so proud that u are on promises promises it so amazing!
Hi James. My name is Ben from Fox 6. I am on rumor patrol for this Mayville HS teacher. I'd love to hear what people in
tonight was fun :)
I found my other battery. :D
say what?
Tebow to the jets!! Hold up h still might be going to the jaguars
You're an ugly female.. Lol
Haha, we'll pass that along.
reading I love seeing all the readers picks...I'm finding out about so many great products!
If you think that this is a good buying opportunity for stocks, you are smoking too much dope.
A Stewardess..Luckily, I chose another path. I suffer from travel sickness. Duane Reade always has Dramamine in stock. Thanks!
who ignoring my boo?
I get "Who" and "Whom" confused sometimes. I think they are related because they show up at the same parties.
In other news, we just learned, via visual confirmation, that our drummer tapes his nipples down.
what is going on with the red sox man?
you have a weird face
you get your order yet?
You are an awesome actor! Loved you in Supernatural, High School Musical, and more. I look up to you too. Hope we meet. ;-) TTYL
$#it happens when good things are on the way !! I guess
where the hell have you been?!!!!!
Love the how smooth MP to Solo play is in Diablo3. So many small design decisions which just work as you'd expect. Can't wait 2 play more.
Wondering how George Zimmer feels about all of this.
#Catching up with Days Have you noticed since he came out Will suddenly has strange hair? Just like Sonny. Is that a tell in Salem?
Certain Death 1.2 Online Tournament 5/13 sunday 5pm eastern Message: BEATDOWN Stream to be placed on the brackets!
$1 for every tweet to Harlem Children’s Zone...to end the cycle of generational poverty in Harlem.
Tired! from rescuing some lost hikers late last night. Unless you REALLY want to meet your local #SAR team, please carry a flashlight.
Can you ship down the good "old" iPad that you had before to me? I'm not picky!
