who makes the sandwiches in a lesbian relationship?
That made my head hurt ugh I'm ready to go home!
SOME FACTS ABOUT ME I'm weird, I always have headache, I love chocolate, The Beatles and right now I really want to sleep.
thank u
« at times i pretend shit don't bug me cause i don't like others to think im weak.»
"It's nice when someone remembers small detail about you. Not because you keep reminding them, but because they actually care."
Made it through the bone scan fine. No results yet; don't anticipate hearing 'til Monday. Hopefully that means no cancer in bones.
Love the work Allstate completes. Awesome!
nice! You're on a roll!!
yes. Wordpress is terrible....
It's been a nice 3 week break but #SummerSchool starts today. Welcome back #students & #families to The #PalmBeach #School for
Why can't you buy drinks on sunday? I guarantee jesus loved to drink
Signed in to #Gmail today and was greeted by their new #privacypolicy. Thanks for making it easy to undertand!
I hate to be a Negative Nancy, I really do, but the #newTwitter is awful, just awful. Could be worse, I suppose. :/
ha thats almost everybody
" and all the children are insane "
its terrible! What am i gunna do lol
#iknowitsreal because you've never cried to me like this before..
Thanks, man!
RT Visit #Zenler booth 551 ASTD Expo near the lunch area for a chance to win an #iPad 2
So yea im good I know I went ghost for a while on twitter.
oh then that sucks -_- convince your mom!
If tweeted me , id jump over my bed , flip a table and run down the street crying of joy . CONGRATS (:
Is flea season over for the #pets, and if so, where do you live?
Attic show. Always cool.
You'll know how much I care about you, by how much time I spend with you.
Well i didnt mean to do it, but theres no escaping ur love.
Firefox is better than IE, if a bit pushy. I like SeaMonkey better, but it doesn't work on all websites.
Same! Question is, should I force myself to sleep early tonight or throw in the towel & hope for a better outcome next week?
Sore today, but also feeling great. Joined the fiance in a group class at his martial arts school and did some grappling. :-)
Probably one of the saddest days in tech history....RIP Steve Jobs....you were an absolute legend
Research and Markets: Fruit and Vegetable Canning Industry in the U.S. and its International Trade [2012 Q2 Release]
should come & visit me (;
“: Is Xtina wearing a bedazzled diaper? #thevoice” Yes! She should have rethought that outfit.
so that explains it! However, I skip the meat & fish and am still quite fulfilled ;););)
Just saw outside her bus... SO COOL!
gotta fox wit the SAMe. Sposed to be good for dopamine and serotonin. Or just listen to u god 'dopium'.
I love my beautiful girlfriend i dont know what I would do without her. I would prolly lose my mind. You are my everything baby
Nothing better on a Thursday than to watch Palmer, Player and Nicklaus tee it off at
The #NBA lockout has big implications, everyone overseas is getting pushed down a level, which means someone is sitting at home!
Thanks so much! Can I send you a play? Thanks so much, Matthew Ethan Davis, plays published at Indie Theater Now
I really don't want 2 go 2 school and get bullied more :/
Cool. How do I participate?
yo Tweeters party<- I waste precious tweet space. Take that tweeters
Guilt is always the best marketing strategy. Thanks for keeping 20lbs of glass out landfills
Bui look like the Chicago Bulls in trouble. ha
well that's the best part :P haha
We will be live tweeting today's events all day!
pick me up!
Good Morning! Wow, what a Fantastic week it's been! This New Year is starting off so wonderful! I hope yours is too! Happy New Year! :)
i wanna go to 's party .
For sure, we're all about a positivity! Selling #HatsForHope! Check them out on our website :-)
look then
Cheer us on through the sun and rain, 'cause Chelsea, Chelsea is our name!
Working on new video. Anyone have a photo of an albino alligator playing a madarin? Let me know.
Come celebrate Mothers Day right now River Sports Cafe in Dallas!! Live band + hip show!! 5214 S Lamar St- Free parking all night!!
FedEx is terrible, worked there last summer and hated almost every minute of it
Last time I rooted for KU this badly they took care of biz and beat Memphis & Cal. Your boys can do this again. Enjoy the game.
Too happy to be tired.
The Wizard Brian Coxx is killing it !
Tracked vocals tonight! Our album is geting closer to completion.
Thanks to everyone who entered our Muse gift card giveaway! We will announce the winner on Monday! Stay tuned...
Sami said come over now or else
billdub or some shit like that?
New #interview and #photoshoot More details in the coming week xoxo-Rabbit
yeah, right? I think for alot of women you don't get the love of your life and a great father in the same package.
Has anyone seen a sneak peek of THE CABIN IN THE WOODS? If so, we'd love to hear from you.
Lately I've become such a !
right im sayin ?
The Shakedown will love you when nobody else will.
new song comes out today so excited
Thought I would have only the half a can of beer but the can is already empty. Such overachievement!
should i retwist now or wait til tomorrow? that is the question
I cant stop thinking about Radiohead this summer!
Baahh! Summer is going to rock with all the good music & movies. Just found out The White Tie Affair has a new album coming out in July!!
You get to see us tomorrow and this weekend Philly! RT : Evansville show tomorrow... I'm Excited
I also don't know where I fit in. What I am interested in, what I want to do, the experiences/degrees I have don't make sense.
Nervous? "Yes, a little..". Is it your first time? "No, I've been nervous before."
We'll be enjoying 2 for 1 breakfast tomorrow!
Pure physical sensation,social status, sexual attraction, feeling like a winner are generally superficial,people hunger for them repeatedly
i loved that movie, but that was a pretty crappy ending!
i'd be glad to.
IF YOU GOT LOVE AND SUPPORT FOR JAYPRINCE AND FFTAMG,SHOW IT HERE..!!!
Getting super high in bed >>>>
Done with my homework before 345..abnormal
I hate
Cant take people serious if they express that they have anger issues #and?
Austria = Cat's future home?
Follow our great partners this year! , , , , , &
Cool. Just checking I didn't piss you off or something.
that would make it a little less obvious, wouldn't it?
kinect ~ your body ~ and your tweets as one ~~
RT How about Turbofire?! The H.I.I.T workouts are an amazing to shed fat and great when you are pressed for time too!
I'm thanks and u? Which Amy is this btw?
hahahhahahah i LOVE this! hilarious hahaha
oh haha,i just got back from Nashville,Maybe you can come to Indianapolis to say Happy Birthday to Muah
Skinny girls can shake they ass too! Shoot"LOL
It is pretty tasty! Enjoy the rest of the day and have an awesome weekend
Have you tried Babylon Cafe recently? Chicken Shawarma, Gyro & Lamb! Vegetarian dishes too! Yum!
a who sings that song? I need that!!
yeah or whoever.
Catching up on my DVR. That episode of #Glee where Will proposes to Emma rocked! Joyful tears in my eyes!
jake I would never k you. It was for Brice. And no, I will not apologize.
I've seen some
My boyfriend is mocking me for the denim overall skirt thingy I got from today. Fortunately, it is far too cute for me to care. :-)
I foresee a lot of parmesan artichoke spread from in my future. Why have I never tried that before?!
hehehe :)) are you going with ale tonight ?
Vanessa Hudgens & Ashley Tisdale: Girls' Night Gorgeous! - GossipCenter.com
Just hangin with my family making that sunday dinner yummy
We are so looking forward to hosting you this fall! Chicago & cannot wait!
my best friend :D O_O his awesome epic badass good looking nice and i love him like a best friend :D his 17 teen :D
Who is watching the NCAA bball championship tonight, and who is your pick?? I'm torn...
Yea!! RYAN :_) god, haven't talk to u in ages..
funny how you find you enjoy your life when you're happy to be alive
ha wow good luck.
Family is where the heart is.
Thank you
Okay, why did no one tell me they serve at ? Tonight tasted like 2007 in Prague.
nun same ol thing..working ...parting lol
Depends whether we want the focus to be the game or drinking. Game = soon. Drinking = anytime after
“Holding on to anything is like holding on to your breath. You will suffocate. The only way to get anything in the physical universe is...
i wonder if people can hear my latin music in the hallways..
Ward 5 candidate said this in a forum last wk. Residents & other candidates didn't get it.
Just got off the phone with one of the Doobie Brothers. No big deal.
Ah the fact that is coming back to NYC this summer is making scream like crazy!
Gary, really worked fine---Pam was overwhelmed w things, really would like to have you at the house 4 dinner sometime as well!
Indeed her flag pin is large & in charge! Oh, Tina Fey.....
Lol k RT : I am now
Wait, what? He came to the bar but didn't come talk to you? Dude is so weird.
Chip away! Chip away at the stone!
Get to at 3pm for $520 mega sat. 1 $4500 Aruba pack for every 9 players. Win a $3300 entry & $1200 travel.
On twitter at least, there are people I now know very well and whose books I wd not review. Not fact of connection but depth.
How many amazing actors are in "Code of Silence" with Chuck Norris?
Today we pushed an elderly man out of a wheel chair at home depot! You think that's low? You should see our PRICES!
Thanks ! We will celebrate and drink excessively at formal.
Answer to Week of July 18, Interesting Health Fact of the Day: Which lung takes in more air? The Right Lung.
Networking w/crazy designer and engineers for a new Samsung lab in Silicon Valley - open to entry level & junior talent as well as 10xers
They only teach us to talk about things we know nothing about
Time for the driving range.
keep doin ya thing
I look like who did it and ran...
sounds good to me. what dates?
text me if anything, let me know. Good luck in Prov
“: You had some of the best times you'll never remember with me, alcohol. #BradPaisley” 😃😃😃😃
was the new episode on yesterday?
owww i hit my head on a tree... mow its bleeding :(
Aww love u too brittany! RT : I LOVE YOU ALEXIS REED RT : Can't believe I'm leaving 2morrow! I think imma cry
Win a free super bowl spot (not including media time or production) for next year's game. Tweet #superideopia . Winner chosen by random...
Our coffee will have a mass effect on your day!
- last night's SHRM meeting was awesome. Love the college kids. I'm encouraged by our future leaders!
No reception! Broken parts! But North Cascades NP was incredible yesterday. Slept under old-growth trees. About 30 mi from Anacortes. Sh ...
Illegally cut lilac off #ptw and my room smells so god
I like your tweets !
Members Card Rays ML -110 (15 units) Nationals ML -115 (50 units) GAME OF THE WEEK
i got thursday off, kettles?
Check out Sweet Tease in the September issue of Options Magazine. To hit shelves any day now!
Any #webseries out there that can help direct us to a good site to design custom twitter background?
who threw the pretzel at u lol
that dunk was SWEET! Cant remember the last time ive seen one that demanded that much attention.
Time for Roman Fingers practice!! Then- Cookout!! Gonna make cheddar filled turkey dogs, with Classic potato salad and beans!! Yum!
Long day/night at work! At least I can get my #cardio2 done on my meal break! Almost home! Sweet dreams everyone!
BIG THANK YOU to BACK YARD BURGERS for serving up some great food yesterday. Went along with our Western Days Celebration!
LOL "She gives me chocolate for lunch!" Happy Mother's Day Lynn!
P90X tomorrow...workout is crazy doing abs tomorrow I dont think I've been this sore...EVER
Decision is a risk rooted on the courage of being free. - Paul Tillich
and you, my friend, are very handsome yourself! :)
If u have a instagram follow me or I m you don't have one get one follow me I follow back also my name is... sydbuckels follow plz!!
Not to mention Hossa's head was down, any smart player would avoid that situation.
Stretch...and pray! :-) ": Fill in the blank Friday: "When I work out, the first thing I do is ______.""
Thanks! HAHAHA! :P :P :P
you buy them so quick we can't keep track anymore! enjoy #4 and we'll see how long it takes before #5 is in your driveway.
why the uggs? You aren't psyched about the "wrote an entire program as a Func<T, TResult>". Feature?
Gotta do more mobile tweeting
suggesting that revenues are a meaningful part of addressing debt isn't hyperventilating...try wikipedia
damn TMZ hating in chad
I'm ready
and need their own headline podcast. Best part of the Grantland podcasts!
Except maybe Yankees hate... RT No hate equals Cardinals hate.
u is an ass haha. And I'm alive and kickin woohoo
I was just told Happy bday by a guy on FB that is no longer alive. You shouldnt do that to ppl whoever is updating that acct
whew, feels good to have finished that algebra project :)
Proud to be an Oklahoman right now. #ThunderUp!
have you ever heard of the Janoskians? go to their youtube channel, one of them is massive fan of you :)
if i change my name to "douche nozzle" will twitter verify my account?
Bodum storage containers and select Swissmar Salt and Pepper Mills are 40% off until they're gone!
Would you ever get a Christmas inspired tat? I'm talking about Christmas trees, lights, presents and all that jazz!
Should be sleep but i'm too excited!
my word homie it's time!!!
taylor swift is the best gurl
Where? MT : I love press releases with, "The officer contacted a shirtless man swinging a pick-ax in the center median..."
F them other btches we on that other business & F them otha niggas we at them dolla figures $💰
Happy Birthday! You are gorgeous inside and out!!
sigh. You are so the older brother I never had...but on the internet.
OKAY GUYS I'M HITTIN THE HAY. #goodnight 
Are you kidding me? Christmas music in stores already??
. clients & are both moving on to the next round. Congrats guys!
I know!!!! I'm super excited!
Yeah! “: I love my fucking job, you guys.”
Damn the colony is so ghetto...
playa langosta, pacific northwest, costa rica esp if you like to surf. cheap board rentals and beer, monkeys in the trees
Got me over here thinking about dancing!
hahah right? Theyre all such good dudes. Hope I made you proud man! Hook me up with some shoes!
#Make WATER a BIG part of your LIFE now.
S/O to my new followers
Barbie what you up to?? sounds promising?? we be in FLA March 7-10 BUT way up in St. Augustine
low altitude planes should bug off. it's 11:30.
why people go out in the world and do this your just mad tht she is popular and your not so back off and leave her alone
Text me.
So glad you were able to play!!
you know where I live, he lives across the street
I thought it might be this
No School For Me Haha Suspended For Fighting Tehehehe!
Happy Hour at 4 Aces Now!
ever drank baileys from a shoe? Hahah
Only thing fresh about UW bb is that cat w the high top fade...props to that dude
I try to keep my black belt in keeping it real up-to-date and in use!
Anyone have any good recommendations for brunch spots in #NYC?
To all artists out there! Thank you - you are creating the future and we just want to say thanks!
Revisiting Miles at the Blackhawk. Whoa... Forgot how good it was.
#ThingsThatTickMeOff... people who think skipping will get them places
Please check your messages
love u too baby girl.
Jared Ford: Mobile technology is a powerful tool for
Get me out of here ....
Thanks! When I told John and Lori I got a new job I said it was in Dallas. I think Lori almost dropped the plate she was holding!
it has ? ok, why does it seem new to me today ?
in some situations it COULD be endearing...but for the most part I'd say unattractive across the board
Just watched 60 minutes. Some great moments, some cringe-inducing ones. Well-deserved praise for Nole and very cool for tennis.
what do you have? I've got YEMX (greek) w EGA for fraternal bro-hood that is the USMC. Thinking next is Italian
GO FOLLOW THIS AMAZING #MAHOMIE <3 --> <3 she's awesome..<3 I love her tweets!:)
Does anyone want learn about selling Tupperware? A fun way to earn extra cash.
would Obama have won NC again?
And I don't get why Dream Big has to equal dark?
*snort* Bye bye bye
you have e & m this weekend and I have w & b so can start planning a .. Right?
Sorry folks! #WhereisTim canceled due to severe weather. We will be back tomorrow though!
I agree Alan. The players should refuse to play and stand up for what's right.
Ill let you know. I dont cry. Put on makeup though
Where can I pick up a copy of "Somehow I Manage"?
Im muhammad ali yu sonny
Tonight and make history in the greatest city on the map. #clevelandmovement get them hands up or ur #ugly as f
Would have?? Cmon Rick, he is an absolute stone cold first ballot Hall of Famer. No question.
super heavy blankets
eatin some chinese food thn softball practice! 1st one of the year!
If you have to lie about or hide your actions.....dont you think that means you SHOULDNT be doing it????
Can't wait 4 the race #amstelgoldrace. Top 10 would be sweet! Just 1 of a few in SD that knows #amstel is more than just a beer
aww thank you for the follow love! :D Everyone please follow He's wonderful and gives great shout outs!<3
thanks for my invite
Singing out loud to the oldies serves as a good stress reliever. Thank goodness bc the fire drills started way too early this AM!
THANK YOU AND HAVE A GREAT HOLIDAY! via
:D your the best sammy! ;D lol
why the drugs? Why the incapacitation?
"2004 Nobel Prize Winner in Chemistry" is a phrase that should never be displayed in Comic Sans.
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur #amazing:) followme:)1
make bitches cry like me
happy mother's day to all!!
wish i was sleepy
nice shout out to the 'bird in the fiveonfive today. One of my favorites
looks like you'll be coming through my hometown of Springfield, MO. so cool you're planning on doing the whole trip!
follow back so I can DM you
If you're the kind of editor that wants to steer what your writers do without asking their own ?'s, then share opinions.
#WeLoveNiall because HE IS SO TALENTED OMG
Flavor of the WEAK!!
SPEAKING OF COMMERCIALS SHOT OUT TO AND
Phoenix MDA has finally figured out this TweetDeck thing and will be posting regularly soon! Thanks for your support.
Time is the wisest counsellor. -Pericles
You would had never thought a woman that fine would have Hammer Time in her shoes like that!!! Bammer Bammer Bammer!
I really hope that semih plays well against the Knicks so I can make a Madison Square Garden of Erden joke. Go #Cavs!
Thanks for the follow. Our Eades whisky will be in NYC by June. We're quite excited!
So much support from folks about my Psychology Today piece on sexual development and my Abiola TV interview about our book! Thank you all!
Yeah, that's great and all, but the real question is, will Jim Nabors be there for "Back Home Again in Indiana"?
I'm curious to see how well Google Plus will be adopted
I've flown into a lot of airports over the years. None of the approaches are as beautiful as Seattle's on a sunny day.
The Notebook...
Incredible thai feast last night, thank you.
I am often perplexed how some women feel they can ignore child support orders and think there's no consequence.
WOW GURL. U BE A REBEL. I CANT TC WITH CHUU NO MOAR U TOO DANGEROUS.
Cats win championship
in light of your CEO lamenting unlimited data and iMessage, I offer this: offer unlimited iPhone users a "buyout" of sorts. cont...
"some people might think you're cute. But me, I think you're one very large baked potato."
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please? 23
obv the gay guy. aka me
I'm good, just washed clothes and relaxing now, finally off work, put in 35.28 hours!! #whoopWhoop! lol!!
#TeamFollowBack I got you!!!
#GetDaddyDirectionTo3Million LIAM DESERVES IT!
If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever
I doubt it!
If you want to get into the others, let me know. I may have a way.
Back home in Wisconsin! Within my first hour of being at my aunt's, she's given my dog so many treats he's thrown up :(
I just rec'd Mastiff in my mailbox today. So excited I won. Thanks for all of your hard work and for the book!
Going to concert tonight H.O.B I do it!!!!
The season is literally slipping through their fingers
Naw ima get a mcchicken with cheese and bacon..that's sounds good
Happy Mothers Day baby!!!!!
"people have always seen me as being mature but i need to start owning that" quote by one of our
but its getting late and i gotta be up early so ttyl man! Goodnight!
If any of my followers didn't know, Diebomb is in the process of writing and recording the new album. Get ready to become insane!
Pull the friggin trigger
DYK? Sharon Pratt Kelly First woman mayor of Washington, D.C. is a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha ..
It had to be amazing. I'll try for the next Va rally within 50 miles of DC...
My nigga d. Rose cumin back
Dealing with your period on a trip?
First day of summer yesterday ---- yep, it's a HotBreeze.....!
Agreed, a beautiful night out tonight. I love this kind of soft rain.
Happy to connect you with Michael Burke of appssavvy. Let me know Cassie.
Its embarrassing that Scott Walker, former Milwaukee County Executive, is now attacking the city he pretended to care about for 8 years
#Karlsson wins 2-hole playoff at
The Romney slime machine hits WI.Amazing to behold.": Willard, STOP calling me? 10+ calls -NOT=my vote. CC "
thanks man I will
I'm horny, but I don't need an auttornet
Welcome Glad to have you!
Visiting Home Depot always makes me feel more manly!
Ordering new bikes for ! Buddy Bike Sport w/NuVinci N360 & Buddy Bike Econo Single Speed both w/front end changes.
New This Week | Seven (!) new jobs, a new grant, and a new online learning opportunity. Find them on the Programming Library homepage.
Lost Dog Callie - $100 Reward Callie the Beagle is lost in Louisville, KY.
I need a massage like fuck
I also like the "touch" command. I use that a lot with dillon to get him to focus when we're walking
I deff can
": #Virgo's are health conscious and count calories."I don't calories but rest is right
Crash involving semi truck and attenuator truck in Tacoma on NB I5 at Pacific.
Everybodies got a money gang... Even Brian "how your pussy works" McKnight... I'm looking for equates and stock portfolio options.
Pets can acquire fleas anytime they enter infested areas-this can include parks & sadly any place other pets frequent.
Playin Meek Mill to 11 with the windows down so he can yell at people outside my car too
CO House begins debate on resolution that would have legislature intervene on state side of Lobato case.
Oh man, the life on the bus never stops entertaining.
u can not not be happy and root for russell wilson.
*Wipes sweat off forehead*
I haven't forgotten. I'm giving it a go on a guest pass. I didn't get to play in the open beta to get it out of my system.
Witnessed it in Indy at the Pacers game... love this RT : I'm sorry but chicago fans are so annoying. I'm so happy right now
This generation of architects have to deal with technologies demand for speed versus cherishing design
alright allright ;p
If a guy can't handle a girl in sweatpants he sure doesnt deserve her In a wedding dress.
aww :/ and that would be awesome, thank you! :)
i found some records man..... dont think ya understand.... i really FOUND SOME RECORDS.... -______-
“: I guess I wasnt involved...:( lol. "The brewers are above .500!!!" Good times.” What a great show!
Kobe does it once again. 2-1 lake show. 3-1 going back to LA after monday night.
"Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible." ~ St. Francis of Assisi
Don't know enough about politics of an MLS team to know if Spencer will be on hot seat soon. Only their 2nd season. It's early.
I only wore wear jeans and pants until 2 years ago. Now I just don't feel myself when I'm wearing them.
9 likes away from 800! tell your friends to like us and stuff! we would be forever in your debt!
On Adelante tonight, activist Omar Barberena returns from Cuba and explains what it's really like there. 6:30 pm on MPTV 10.
We are looking for a Sr. Java Flex developer for client in Plano, TX. Great opportunity - Awesome organization.
Today was a amazingly good day....And the Blueberry Cream Danish I scored made it even better =) I love cakes and pie
Show at tremont music hall start at 8 !!! Come out and support Charlotte!!!!
let's go DANCE!
Thanks for #following us!
At Dork Shorts
Use specifics when writing marketing copy. It makes you claims more credible and your message more believable.
ok :D send me bout 6 picture pleasssee? ~'m making you something ;D
DON'T FORGET TO BRING THE MONEY TOMORROW! As soon as you get it put it in your bag! 
NY is starting to feel really small.
Five in a row!
So, interesting that he's already worried about threat. Hm.
Watchin' golf...hoping for a Tiger comeback!
go online! I miss u! Love u ariana! Xoxo
lol i did dat when u logged in
Thank you Dave!
holy crap!! So sorry about the car...but im glad you're ok.
I need a massage
#DontThinkJustBecause I only have 2 fingers on my left hand that I cant #benchpress more then you ;)
For Vegas bro? Haha my parents hinted at getting me one next year but hell no daw brand new. Haha
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy Thanksgiving from the Office of Admissions!
i want to go to the gotye concert :(
This hair needs a MAJOR tending to. Smh.
If you're moving in the summer let us help you find a place to live now!
Thanks so much to for having me on & everyone who tuned in to hear the new tracks!
Give light and people will find the way. ~Ella Baker ~ lets shed some light today in the land of zombies~ make it a good one
Seriously -- anyone else in Vegas tonight? HMU LMK TTYL, etc.
i want a burrito salad
But it flew away from her reach...
il very Alfredo the place that fettucine alfredo was invented.
I'm gonna crawl in a hole and die..
hahahaahha omg! & yeah they're all my fans lol jk
I didn't know 106&park was showin Chris and Nikki video today. I'm glad I'm watching BET I can't wait Chris gone look so freaking sexy
yes it is
Only had to pay my sister w/a latte to get her to take notes & report back what her Baptist pastor says, if anything,re #ssm this Sunday! ha
Are you orange? Get ready for Joel Bishop!
Ooooohhh! I wanna have a baby with Sabrina so bad now!!!!! <3
It has been a pleasure. Thank you, Baltimore!
follow me yo
Got second place in the battle of the bands at Altar Bar last night!!!!!!
3 things a girl needs: love to make her weak, alcohol to make her strong, and best friends when both make her hit the floor.
So she hung up on me .. Coo
The people at the bmv piss me off.
the music is great! whats up on your end?
I spent 40 minutes walking. 166 calories burned.
I WILL BLOW SHIT UP IF YOU DO
I did not accomplish much. Tomorrow will be better. I just did not feel like doing much.
you guys deserved that win. The conference tournament should be fun!
i would assume that you're the one with the shadow, although i generally have one too. but i have the soul patch more often.
Some bunny loves you. Get it? lol
i can never take vampire shows seriously...."i cant believe he was a vampire"-i cant believe my remote ran out of batteries & landed here
"pee in a cup?!? Ha! I'm clean!! I'll shit in that cup if they want me to"
Come on Rickie!
the fact that i got 's ap lang book >
RT : No one stays. Everyone will give up on you eventually.
Right on! Thanks for the follow. Go #LAKings!
School tomorrow -___-
I can't believe I didn't see you there!
Last night at dinner, I passed Paul the flower arrangement instead of the wine bottle.
Something you shouldn't try: getting stung by a bee on your foot high
Yay! I have five followers. Time to go to sleep walk down by the bay. I'll follow back everyone else in the morning. Nightie-night!
what are you talking about I'm right next to you ? O.o
how are you watching it? I was bummed not to find it on Netflix instant or Hulu when I checked a couple of months ago.
i want a guy who accepts the fact that im addicted to
Every night I wish for the same thing at 11:11. a tweet from you <3 :)
I hope it's one of those "so the day can't get worse" deals. Also, that it really is just gum on my shoe.
I know who! RT : "Tyler, he drinks coffee and does yoga. I mean...how hott is that?" -
"It's a different world." Welcome home Larry!
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Searching & learning is where the miracle process begins. Jim Rohn
As interim basis, I can dig it. I am worried about selling the program to recruits who have no idea who they will play for.
I must say that acting was good training for the political life that lay ahead of us.
Hey if anyone wants in FREE to our show December 10th at the black sheep with Maelstroms, Kodiak and Queen Anne's Revenge hit us up!
haha you're so right!
OMG ily , you should make another MEGAMOND. and if you remember ... "no!" Jimmy protested Teehee :)
Getting a haircut tomorrow and going to gym
taking a break at Tommy's Diner on West Broad.
♬ 1991 Mark Knopfler's Dire Straits re-formed to tour for two years, they were booked to play 300 concerts. songs Inc: "Sultans of Swing" ♬
REFERRAL PARTNER PROGRAM Participants can earn big bucks in our new Referral Partner Program
Pittsburgh timelines foreve exposing someone. LADIES BE SAFE!!
RT : Congrats again to for moving onto round 2!
This orajel is mind blowing! *giggles*
I wish I could be 2 places at once. Having 2 compositions premiered in Montclair that evening!
yea - he was a jerk.
why are the Fins going for two? I dont agree. Kick the XP!
Using Migratr (Windows only) in a VM to switch from Flickr to Picasa. Works well, preserves photo captions, though not set captions.
It's sad driving through downtown & seeing it like a ghost-town. #sxsw is about over
Nike factory/ store <3 I am so excited to go!  get me some  for muh birthday! 
#lmao red bottoms are becoming less classy. Stupid
you're not, are you? </3
songs. ;P
I'd love to know what innovations you remember most from your school. No-tech or low-tech or whatever...
soon as I pick it up
All Lucas does is shoot.
Headed back home!!
Except for the FTs, Asik was pretty amazing tonight. Rebounds and altered shots. No excuse for JL3--he blew the game IMO.
OMG. WHY ARE YOU HAPPY?!
Does the NBA/media really have to address this Amar'e incident?? Knicks weren't winning with him, they certainly aren't winning w/o him.
I want to fall asleep on the phone with someone.
Just completed a 10 minute survey for a local restaurant! Does anyone else think surveys are getting more and more antiquated?
Great, thanks so much!
I have no power.. Hopefully it will be on within the next 6 days... Happy my Ipod is charged time to bump some
Got a speeding ticket
I need a new phone....nao. -_-
Go Bob Nagle - keeping on and keeping on - announcing ND Cal game
I feel like
Awww thanks! Im glad you like my #teamsk pic :) I cant wait for the show either!
Thanks for the RTs and mentions this week!
Congrats Big Homie! Been My Nigga Since The Flaget Days! I'm Happy For You Family!
very excited to spend the weekend with my man and all my best friends celebrating birthday!!
Try telling that to Bob Carpenter! LOL I like Zimmerman fine, until I have to listen to NATS broadcasts...and then *eyeroll*
you are NOT the father... I love that
Sent you my email!
Looks like warmer weather is on the horizon!
“: That's our story? Ok cool!”>>yessir lol
great. Took a little while to get everything set up but so far so good. And I really like the new area
“: I get rammed down by car you cry tears of happiness. Now I hope I was a bloody accident.”
Of course! He is my academic grandfather and will be remembered at the AAH this year! Come to Chapel Hill...
When a teacher tweets his/her reach is global and the students feel their passion
“: I'm gonna be a total buzz kill, but there are actually black bears in the Pinelands.” #Bryzgalov doesn't know that.
You know you're getting old when Tony Gwynn, Tom Flash Gordon and Andy Van Slyke are watching their sons play in tonight's game
1/2way through Morning Glories Vol 2~ This book is riveting! Best read since Y the Last Man, shaping up 2B what Lost never was: a good story
discussion is interesting; i have plenty of thoughts on the matter; will wait, digest, & write something thoughtful soonish
struming my pain with his finger , singing my life with his words , killing me softly with his song , telling me whole life with his words.
“ I’ll gladly let my guard down when people stop giving me reasons to keep it up.”
writing new music and booking shows
I don't like Michele Bachmann's politics . But I am offended by how the Newsweek cover portrays her. Bad form Newsweek, unfair.
no!..its been too long..i need to laugh..
": Did you know that a med popcorn at RegalCinemas contains 1,200cal? Neither do most moviegoers. "I knew..n enjoyed every moment :-)
this is the cold that wont quit.
Looks like we r in-store for another beautiful day. Hope u can get outside & enjoy it! Seems like a Cherry Limeade day @ Sonic
Catch us tomorrow from 12PM to 3PM !!
I had a nightmare that my red lipstick got on my costume!
"you tweet too much" you obviously don't understand the concept of twitter, go back to facebook.
Spending my Tuesday night with good friends, good food and the man who loves me!
Sunny sunny weather oh how lovely you are..... But can I pls get some wind with this?
i have not! link?
Please refer your followers to follow me ..
South Sudan: officially a country!
I have mine pierced. I never wear it though.
Had a good work out with super tired but glad tomorrow i get to relax
BET. I got special weapons. never see them coming
what about what's happening in the Antigo School District because of your reforms, you Hack. Closing schools, good work.
I like ombré hair...I just think black to blonde ombrés are blehhhhh....
haha me too! It was fun :)
back on twitter havent been on in months gonna go to south carolina
“ Ron Swanson is the new voice for Hagaan Daz. #YoureWelcome” LOVE IT! He's my favorite character on Parks & Rec.
Happy New Years Eve!! Love you all!!
Ask: What is the thought that is making me feel stuck? #youreneverstuck Is it I hate job?
semester almost done, can't wait to see you!!!
What is your favorite quote?
Selfless life is a tough thing to accomplish... Testing in my faith is unfun. Your love is worth it Lord.
The magic hands again held this stock market is place all day until a rally could start. Plunge protection team working overtime.
Thanks for the #FF Beverly. Have a great weekend.
the best feeling is when you look at him... and he's already staring.
Happy 6th Birthday #twitter !
work work work
Tim Cook: "Let's talk about retail." Me: "Must we?"
Pedicures with my momma <3
And we sleep well with the knowledge, that be this our final day, we'll say, we spent it with love not lost, and hatred unspoken
no swag
thanks Lauren!
I'll take this past year as a learning experience. Time to grow up.
Loving my brothers show
last day locking myself in my apartment to study
Hey Artimus, Hope we can work together this year!!!Rock On!!
Welcome back then. #LETSGOLAKERS!
#ICantStandPeople Who act like they're there for you
Every day, I wake up and home that will start tweeting again.
SATURDAY WILL BE HERE IN NO TIME.
Great, thanks!
If you missed the story, said they will post the link on their website by 7pm so stay tuned....We'll post it when it's available
Again with the icon? You're killing me slowly, just so you know..
iJust love hair!!!!!
awww British slang!
Get pizza, it's not too greasy and you get load it up with veggies!!!
This seriously has all got to be a joke, I can't handle this anymore..
I cant see Packers putting tag on Flynn if means he will make more then A-Rod even with a trade.
Can't wait to go to Bed, Bath & Beyond after work!
No days off...
too many guys expect girls to have fat asses yet not enough of them have big dicks.
Landed! Now, where can I get a good Philly cheesesteak?
Organizations need to be less like a machine and instead more open, trustworthy, generative, and courageous
That's very coincidental! haha
What? There's not even any snow on the ground there! That doesn't even count!
Cleaning my new apartment in Florida while listening to Texas and Red Dirt country on Pandora...
I told myself, I says hey?? & SELF said WHAT?? U forgot. I forgot What ! :/ THAT U look like YOUR talking 2 YOURSELF
Many thanks for the follow!
yes ma'am! sounds like a plan!
been recording for so long but thanks to my sister and dad that bother me every 5 seconds being bothered while recording is not fun
last week's #thewalkingdead episode was amazing. But this past week's episode? #phenomenal great writing/drama/emotion
Why hello, 2-0 lead! Mr. Chimera if you nasty!!!
omg yes. Dog the Bounty Hunter theme is crazy! I love it.
dnt b surprised if a man in a red suit stuffs u in a bag; I told santa I want u for christmas(; just thought of that now(;l0l
Cole Adkins our strategic accounting analyst and consultant, has been working around the clock!
good meeting with to come up with the initial slides for and more! busy next few weeks :-).
#BeYou and nothing else.
Was watching 'Blink' late Saturday night when the power went out. Nightmare material!
U SMILE.. I SMILE :)
did mom say that? Lol
Been painting the house. 4 days without working out. TIME TO SWEAT!
Spurs and Thunder in 6 against both LA teams (I can see both could take it in 5)
I Give Divine Thanks For This Blessing, The Flower of Life.
Do you know what a Triptych is? 1 picture split up over 3 canvases- CanvasPop has you covered! 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!
awww Cody angels would give up everything just so u could stay in Australia for a bit longer.
Perhaps the installation will finish soon?
Good morning! Its game day! Go Nuggs!
You know it RT : Oak Ridge is where it's at.
fuck i really just hit every school zone in town o.O
Watching my youngest at skating class. He can go backwards! I can barely move at all, unless you count falling on my ass.
To run or not to run, that is the question.
Great meeting with today. Beautiful stuff.
We shoot our own videos, promote our own material and handle all the business...I AM HIP HOP (RAW & UN CUT) 500BOYZ ENT L.L.C.
#NowFollowing >> :) Follow Back!?..
T-shirt photos are great! Love seeing all your fans in the shirts!
RT Yum-Turkey day! Strangest Thanksgiving food going on board wins! Tell us and use #TravelocityTTF to enter.
are you trying to get your ass kicked.. You're in like 7th grade and you're talking shit to kids way older and bigger than you.
I'll never be obsessed over you after I saw that lil porno off you lmao stamp dat triff ass
Just read Rock On. Probably not the target demo, but I dug it! Curious about Ori/Jane and BAS. A sequel?
AND YOUR GRANDPARENTS, TOO
thanks for the thoughtful tweet!
#Greinke just mowing them down.
Just ate at The Counter for the first time. It was heaven!
Focker OUT!! Enough BullShitting for the day Dueces until next time when the world turns *side eye with that slightly raised eyebrow*
Chelsea Morgan Beauty: SUMMER SHOE SERIES: Shoes #3, 4 &amp; 5 ...
Agreed--without humor, the pain might be intolerable. Then again, the electoral campaign of 1860 was pretty deplorable.
Thx! RT Read Casenegra by , , and on Tennyson! Already on the sequel.
6am is going to come quickly to those of you heading to for St. Patty's day! Stay safe tomorrow :)
sorry. i like the colors.
Don't quit when you're tired..... Quit when you're done!!!!
Is it possible for a Smurf to hold its breath till its blue in the face ?
funny thing is, no one will eat it...just stare in awe each day...cracks me up!!!
haha.. yep! i love the "auto" alarming mechanism! All my projects in school this year have been centered around
YALL CHECK OUT THIS VIDEO RIGHT HERE CALLED "OVER AND OVER"
That awful noise it made. That god awful noise.
LOL nice appropriately worded/spoken response given my use of the name Spaniard :-) Ur officially N the running 4 dinner w/that 1.
who is that?
Why don't you just like me, you dummy?
YouTube, Apps, Drop Boxes, Laptops, and Social Media have all made learning easier...would you agree?
Females dont know what they want from 1 to 130. Thats why I keep it light
I hope everyone shows their mom a good weekend; they deserve it!
Not much ., just trying to get Nickelodeon to hear me out ..same as always ..What about you?
I haven't taken my coat off all day so suck it
Great day at ! Had a great time, and my wife is looking forward to doing the run again next year!
if u pay attention were getting some of his guys from indy buy now were attractive
#Igotthetweetslikegrassley I'm a sheep for Colbert.
my comic book nerd being very specific about which theater he has to see the avengers in.
I hope the media gives the studios 5th birthday proper love.
Thanks! if you see me flag me while you're here RT : Loved your presentation... Nicely done! Go unicorns & ponies:-)
Where you at Mr. Aint heard no comments from you in 22 hrs. lol Hope all is well
Congrats #tiger on your win... I'll be buying Your game TWG13 come tuesday  #xboxlive it's been 2yrs to long...
In desperate need of some retail therapy. Should I go shoes or clothes?
the only goals up are the side goals
Makeup cant look its best unless the skin underneath glows,Make sure you moisturize and exfoliate regularly so foundation glides on smoothly
“: The average winery vineyard holding in BC is 29 acres #BCWine #BC” Interesting. I'm curious to know the ave price / acre.
Down by double digits ..fuck it we'll come back
Our 4th Annual Margarita Mixer (for biz ladies) is coming up on Sept 29 in Sorrento Valley. DM me if you would like an invite!
jonathan cook when are you coming back to san antonio texas?
I'm crying
If you don't believe you can win, there is no point of stepping on the field"
At post office to send something and there is no line
ah gotcha
. there were great docents everywhere, and all the exhibits were so interactive and engaging! I could go on and on! (2/2)
Maybe after neither team made the playoffs we won't have to hear what football geniuses the Ryan brothers are.
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
I've had it with these teachers on top too. Like your gna sit down & babble about nothing for an hour tf I look like staying? Bye.
Lmaoooo, you have road rage something serious! RT : I cuss out everyone tryna make a left on a busy road
Suggestions on what a single mom can do on Mother's Day with her adorable 8-year-old?
It's true that Westbrook has help from Durant on offense, but Bulls have better defense. Do 4 games really matter that much?
good to hang with u at Crs mane. Let's go workout and grab some lunch!
I'm a teevee addict ... since I was a tiny tot :)
oh and her and alex's gf sarah was tweeting about it..
Transparency Delivers You & Disarms The Enemy! 2 Corinthians 10:4! Progressive Victory!
just devoured (not literally) your book in 2 sittings! Definitely a page flipper & an all around great read. Much respect!!
send biz props to
when ur crushing u actually wanna go to skool lol
Stupid board of school adding an extra 30 min. class that we do absolutely nothing in..
it's been a decade since grandpa died. wearing an old sweatshirt of his and hanging out on rocky ridge golf course for him <3
I'm still really really REALLY sorry about the things I said..i didn't seriously mean them I wasn't thinking
so, you'll let me get my lip pierced when im 16, but getting a belly button ring at 17 is slutty?
"So how many miles from SFO to Stanford?" " Hmm '26' "
Hey everybody...Kelly from Cincinnati here
Gonzo RBI! good way to start.
have you ever watched the show "the oblongs" ?
We have GWashington porcelain. So does Soc. of the Cincinnati. See their 300-pc svc free tomorrow, 7pm, 200 yrs of "design, use + abuse"
When I tell you to go away I reaaly want you to pull me closer
chicken adobo :) photos looked amazing!
thanks for following.c;
just unclick the choice to make it your default page and to set as your search ... energy club hits
Usually don't get so worked up by spammy sales emails but ValueLabs Inc really grinds my gears - so unprofessional and annoying!
Wow, just heard about the guy who assaulted the ladies at market optical @ pikes. Sounds scary! Poor things.
Do u still go 2 publishing companies 2 find songs 4 your albums or does the publishing companies send them 2 u?? U PICK THE BEST
its my little brothers birthday too! And its birthday too! Sweet!
I think that's a great idea. We have some plans afoot that would mesh well with that.
Damn... came strong... Fun times at CHR
Back in Seattle!!! Pizza and Tenuta San Guido! Ah...
Ah, just filtered some noise. Realized: too many tweets with links say not what I'm here for. Prefer snippets of wisdom and the pith.
lol @ spideysense RT : Pin drop uses what looks like SpideySense to id fraudulent phone calls based on the CEO's phd work
My opinion MJ hands down
Jacques LeBlanc~ I do not like this word bomb. It is not a bomb it is a device which is exploding.
Been home for over a week and this is the first time I'm sleeping in my own bed, gotta say can't to wrong on the water bed
I don't understand this, you said you hated me and wanted nothing to do with me, but you are being nice and it's like nothing ever happened.
she was like a trophy bass I wasn't sure if I wanted to mount her or eat her
#ThingsFakePeopleDo Say they love you when they really don't.
Spend 90% of money on beer and soccer! The rest I just waste!
People will say that the #Clemson game is a sign Clemson is disappointing, but I think it's more proof how unpredictable this #Terps team is
Happy #FF! Thanks to our new - and loyal - fans!
#10songsthatmotivateme Garbage - I'm Only Happy When It Rains, Breaking Benjamin - Diary of Jane
All of the actors/actresses acted, very well, in MY SUPER EX-GIRLFRIEND. The woman that starred as G-Girl was super in her acting.
I could not agree more! RT tuning into #GLEE for the first time ever and LOVING it!
. owned that challenge! Fantastic
“: Two very un-Grace things today: taking care of a dog. And I drove. A car. #itsbeenover4years #thingsyoudoforfriends”
Congrats Jermane Paul!!! Winner of The Voice! MAN! TRUST!! That brother grinded and traveled the road!! It's always AWESOME to one cut thru!
Today call me Professor! Teaching a class at #CollegeoftheCanyons. Semester begins!
none. How is his fault hanley and coghlan cant hit a basketball if its thrown at them. And not his fault jj got hurt
Hit a mailbox on my 1st drive yesterday lol
I've never been so happy or even just happy about a flyers win
I want to go to sleep and I can't
I don't even like dubstep much but like the first drop in x-rated is mean...
Yum! just git done with my meal Best thing I've ever eaten! I could still hear the little birdies cry on my plate!
damn you got a banging body..
let me know if you still need a place to stay, I am trying to buckle down some weekend plans, but you are more than welcome
More fun with Google Ngrams: tramp, homeless, unemployed 1800-2008. Surprised "homeless" so much more used than "unemployed."
It's not the sum of what we happen to be, but what we yearn to become.
we are making origami at the table out of menus.
"Stupid Pet Tricks" on The Late Show With David Letterman is very entertaining to me.
Thanks for the mention! Glad you liked the information about live Twitter chats. Hope you are enjoying
So it seems that just as AVB goes, Terry gets his fitness back. Oh what a coincidence.
i'm twitter bored :O
Commissioner Mintz with Mayor Bloomberg gives a shout to Beehive Tax Tool for #free #taxes for ppl earning under $57,000
ignore that! i have to repost it hahaha
Let's have a great week!!
RT Guess what Facebook's COO checks first thing in the morning... ar.gy/gU5. Me too !
im just curious but are you in a relationship whats your status i am single just looking for some love
We can't wait, either. Make sure to say hi.
remember last time i went 8-0 againt you, also im coming home this weekend
No one's covering my community so I will cover everyone else's community!! (insert diabolical laugh here)
Thanks for the share! Were your matches as you expected, or did you find you learned something new?
RT : The Pirates have the same record as the Tigers
I was thinking of those deep late night convo's you get into :) My mind always thinks of deep stuff before bed
pre-gaming starting this morning
Anyone have photos of the bank shutdowns? I'm on deadline-lockdown for my upcoming schools story.
#naeh12 Need better info and data @ nat'l level to build public will to do s'thing about
There are so many rap battles on my flip cam.
I am in love with you bio <3 :)
Women: "All guys are the same!" Who asked you to try them all, whore?
Good Question ! I think if I were in there shoes, I would drop school and work full-time with a Shark.
I was just telling my mom about our indoor skydiving jaunt. I'm still so glad you & Felicia were up for adventure!
I shall, I shall...
now following
Attending a graduation.... 1st to 2nd grade.
#AllForTheHall2012 Congratulations on your invitation!! Now it's time for
I see y they call him melo. Marsh melo, he's cookie doe (soft)
I really hope you're watching
#MustFollow Thanks for the RT's!!
I've noticed that every time I go to a concert the bands always pronounce SD san die-ago
i want a job.
thanks for retweeting Martin.
Yay, we hit 1K Amber twitter followers! Thank you everyone for your continued support, we are going on 6 Years this month!
magic, no just wrong place, wrong time
Thank you for all the positive feedback on The IP Rules. There's still work to do but this is a fantastic start to a single set of rules.
Didn't you see latest tweet?
Found Moses in Nashville.
ur bday? Great where u celebrating? Out of the country? Prob, not like there's nothing 4 u & ur so called president 2 do here
ManBearPig just walked out of the forest and fucked your shit.
I don't know why I love overhearing people talk about how shitty True Blood has gotten
Natgas trading legend Arnold retires, ending era
CT joins 16 other states & the District of Columbia in enacting legislation that makes marijuana legal for medical purposes
Awe ): it's ok Howdy cried today during band
i know i saw! its awesome! im not even advertising it lol i wana win so bad!
hold on to your 4D translation matrices, its all a relativistic transformation baby
Let's try this again
Whats a good name for my rocket? I need ideas now.
Next show: Friday 2/11 9pm at the Wine Cellar, 1101 St. Gregory St.,
hegreaterthani was taken so u just replaced the a with an e HE>i
is at the parade? MT Favorite T-shirt : "I'm Irish but don't dare try and kiss me"
Indeed! Though my greens are so comfy, I might wear them for a day at home too! One day we'll match, & reality will explode.
don't worry.
The Good Son with Macaulay Culkin and Elijah Wood was the #1 movie on this day in 1993. Creepy.
Congrats to my hubby for officially becoming a licensed professional counselor!
Glad you like it. Now that I have the basics down, I'm branching out. Baked potato-onion bread yesterday.
good thanks and u
will do!
[Titus2:13]Let's daily look for the glorious appearing of our Lord ChristJesus & let's tell all of our loved ones we love them, while we can
Omg ugh i needa get this baby outta me !
you better. (: #missyou!
awh, thanks girl ! It's a lot prettier in person !
Ever had a roommate that you just couldn't get rid of? Stay tuned for next week's #AVbyte!
Watching Greys Anatomy
C'est Parfait! RT is perfect for Easter cocktails! We like it paired with champagne for a festive feel
Is it Mojito time???? No its Giant Mojito time!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💍
If you're trying to come up in the rap game, at least do some research before you pick an alias...
Portlander tells coworkers he doesn't believe in the materialism of Xmas, but in his head he's hoping his parents got new boots.
YOU CAN'T POSSIBLY BE FOLLOWING US AND NOT FOLLOWING THE BOSS
I'm a daddy!!! I'm gonna hit you guys up today
RT : Wanted: People who like to explore Google Search by Country. Is that you?
Wisconsin-Bound! Looking fwd to meeting w/ digital marketing team, plus a reunion w/ an old friend.
You're super hot , fire hot , something like the sun in the sky <33333
just don't come home orange please. Kthxbai
That's what VPNs are for! :)
RT Happy Monday everyone. Let's all go out there today and pretend it is not Monday. <---not easy to do!
WOW. Hope that last mom put some money away for therapy. Yikes.
The Cat With a Gat
debut alert: THE BIRD SISTERS by Rebecca Rasmussen - looks to have a lot of book club potential: 1947, Wisconsin, spinsters!
Anniversary Number Two!
Come to S'pore plz~~since I'll live here for more than 4 years and if u dont come, I would be bored... Love ya!!
Ughh!! Since when does hiccups hurt?!...and the hold your breath method doesn't work anymore..-_-
Gray day blues. Remedy - gray day dog from
listening to the game in class on my phone
Chips are the most annoying food there is!!!!!!
. snapped a few pics of me lookin' all nice, so I have something for my bio page. Did I pose for them? HELL. YES.
Taste and see that the Lord is good; blessed is he who takes refuge in him." (Psalms34:8)
Up in Legend Studios with and the homie cameras on deck
damn i wish u would txt me
I love that's song, a lot of ppl don't understand what he's talkin about. Most Kings
you might try asking about the Morrison's west-bound status. I believe it's their bailiwick.
I love thunderstorms! ☁☔⚡
It was the Joseph Carwise Minority Achievement Award. I'm not sure what 2 say 2 Nana now bc the teacher made another comment.
There is a bug in the device detection. I see the mobile tweet on my desktop.
Wow now I know who I can and can not trust! Fake friend much!
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. -Frank Loyd Wright
Sorry for confusion but FB does not delete old pages....... Unlike first one, "Like" the correct and I'll return favor!!
With films like Tron, Eat Pray Love, and No Strings Attached, Bridges, Bardem, and Portman deserve the Oscars they are going to win.
cutting myself off from twitter early tonight!
Heterosexuality. MT : Barbershop Banter - Film Friday - What's the worst Tom Cruise role?
no but i dont wanna be groped ethier
RT : Why is an eight year old talking to me about ' the force'? <-----cause he's a Jedi Knight, duh...
I guess ill drive the range today 🚙
FYI today is National Grilled Cheese Day,
Hey spikey<3 Wish me luck on my soccer playoffs tonight?(:
Someone will step up.
thanks #hottie can't wait till you are an addict also. Have fun with the
i remember. tyler was happy for the days off. haha
D3 extends good luck wishes today to cands: K.W., K.L., D.R. & M.H. Also, a sincere congrats to J.O. on an outstanding offer. One & done!
Congratulations (and good luck) to the Boston startups pitching at Demo Day today. We'll see you at the various celebrations!
Chicago + friends + Harry + books + precious baby niece = I'm in!
I can't wait for Robert Caro's next LBJ book: "Part Five: The Early Years."
Follow Seriously. Now.
I keep having this dream that every time I go some where someone breaks into my car O_o....I wonder what that's about?!
Please tell me I will see that on Instagram.
AND IT GOT RENEWED! #COMMUNITY FOREVER
There's lots of interest in it! Excited for them. I'm going to keep everyone posted on the launch party!
You want a twix bar ya fat-ass?
Hey, do you know "Bright Lights & Bruises," an album by Jay Malinowski? If not, I think you will LOVE it...
The #BFDailyWord is - pippin (noun) (PIP-in) - 1. a crisp tart apple with yellow skin - 2. a highly admired or admirable person or thing
what's up man. When are y'all sending those records over?
i realli wanted 2 tell u.... u look an awful lot like debbie 2nite :)
Happy patty day bmore
That's the thing about Chastain concert season n ATL, those ever-looming, unpredictable thunderstorms.
What's good man?
ADD ME ON CP!!!!!!!!!! MY NAME IS DSkater98
Who's had a patent experience (good/bad) with a Baltimore-based lawyer? Msg us or email us patents[at]startupbaltimore.org (Plz RT)
You can always borrow mine...
Source Studio's status: "If I hear a negative story I say - It may be true for them, but it is not true for me."
Great job we all thank you for keeping on it.
Wake up Macon. Ya boy is on Pio Nono.
Playing the Tap Room in the Langham hotel tnite (pasadena), trio, 6-9, Hamilton Price and Dan Schnelle!
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 25
Is this Hollywood's equivalent to "You're not a great writer until you get hate mail?" OK, unlikely.
I'm so sick of this phone!!
Lance Louis was fine at right tackle. 75%+ of the late season sacks were on Hanie/McCown.
Finally saw Salmon Fishing in the Yemen. Excellent film! The acting, writing, originality....brilliant! What did you think?
4am Dunkin Donuts for some bacon egg and cheese wraps!
SUCCESS COMES TO THOSE WHO BECOME SUCCESS CONSCIOUS. FAILURE COMES TO THOSE WHO INDIFFERENTLY ALLOW THEMSELVES TO BECOME FAILURE CONSCIOUS.
I did not mean to retweet that hahaha and I was confused at first..but I get it now(:
next time if no quote, quote the emoticon. :) re: story
does the COY get his star player hurt in the closing minutes of a blowout?
going to make it a 1 year commitment but if it seems to generate enough interest and I have the time, I can keep it going
Ah yea! Anna's the best! Thanks for the follow! <3
let's do some musical fusion! feat.
JB plzzz can u follow me?????
but I haven't been proved wrong yet!
I taped on the window and my dog looked in the sky lmao
I'm feeling the Texas Rangers Throwback Uniforms.<<Gotta cop me one of those...>>
because you would have taken it personally and get mad .. since your sensitive .
We're at the Outdoor Retailer show in SLC. Brrrrr! We need to swing by more hat and scarf booths...
They must be saying Boo-urns.
Hi Sarah! The Girl Scout interview was for Crain's Chicago Business, so prob. not as local as ud like. The stories are so fun!
Shit was all good jus a week ago...
Maybe it will take my mind off of this
Met with and I'm SUPER EXCITED to try ultra and the Aria Wi-Fi scale this month!
that's so rad thanks man!
This is Sleepless in Seattle all over again!
You have such great quotes!
SAMETHING IM SAYING...
Lol because if Marilyn Monroe and Madonna rocked it, I sure as hell can try :3
any tips on twitter or facebook will be posted ASAP!
Defense wins championships, huh?
#brewers Loved seeing Robin Yount doing the #beast mode. What a fun theme that has really taken off and become its own marketing machine
making pizza >:)
www.eqlrecords.com
the devil is a lie!!hey girl!
No, at least not now. It's crazy pants out here. Crazier crazy pants.
If anyone else was leading they would have
i call all my friends #DoucheCanoes (:
everybody you shake up with ain't ya friend
like Deon Sanders and Bo Jackson. You are a two sport athlete after your one day contract with the Colorado Kings.
Playing the new Walter's tnite w/ Party
I could really care less what yall think of me, Yall could really care less what I think of you, okay then, shut up n do what ya suppose to'
Hello again, Tweetdeck.
how about if i just ease in with the instrumentals? no burl ives i promise
twitter, follow here with me,
RT Amazingly white house spokesman used terrorism to describe worrying about Americans, he word has been banned for describing foreigners
Rosters looking solid this year, keep working man i still got faith in u guys
"What Is love" ? Baby don't hurt me. Don't hurt me. No more
Currently writing our St. Patrick's Day coverage. Are you guys doing anything to celebrate the holiday?
If you talk, look, and speak like a hoe, you will be treated like a hoe
Myla had a check in with the eye doctor - what ROP? Her eyes looked perfect. And she said "I can see you mommy!"
brought my whole candy bag to school (;
boy i love, boy i love u <3 Legit ;) bahahah
Dont Leave!!! I havent even got the chance to meet you and Yet :( and I live in San Antonio.
You just did. I will PM you.
Mark, how did you get your mom down there? You are going to make her miss CBS Sunday Morning!
Mid Day Sex Is Cool
Thank you for the mentions!
Who wants to hire me?
And the Senior Cat, feeling left out, is attempting to send his own tweet by walking across the keyboard. Soon he'll want his own account.
heh, it sure is! Is there a good craft beer scene in Nairobi?
A5 most important aspect of branding...WOW, $64,000 question here...two-part answer
thank you for the mention! :)
can you tell that I love him and he's my inspiration?:)
yeah man i told u i was leaving at 6 am
thank you so much for being such an inspiring person. i love you so much
RT : Mom, sorry about my huge head and broad shoulders. via
#NBA Playoffs are right around the corner!!!!!
I knew you were sarcastic. But it seems to benefit us, provided there's a deal with Oswalt. A good bat for an over performing P.
Going to see Cabin In The Woods.
God doesn't give u the people u want, he gives u the people u need. To help u, hurt u, love you & make u the person u were meant to be.
Are you a fan of pet insurance?
legit dude have never seen other players wait and come out onto the green! #newschool #pga watch out !
i dont know what planet are u from but i know u r amazing! superluv u!!!!
This group of people just stopped in front of me and devonte and said we look so cute <3 lol :)
COD in 3 hours....be there
acc. it's hard to teach problem solving and decision making skills to people who are hired. they should come with that
" APRO.PK " Will give me much love with penny stocks this week can't wait...
Do you already have the World Pinball Championships?
#nrb12 evangelism by daily spiritual growth not by making a "decision"
And now it's snowing. A lot.
you look stunning! :] love you :*
I hate that! RT: My TL Not Loading
RT : von Grey is what happens when you take talented, classically trained string musicians and let them loose to explore new...
lol I didnt know u have a twitter either
#walkingdead all day
2 years or more
It's new phone day for me! see you soon
Bob Marley said 'It's a foolish dog who barks at the flying bird'. It is also a foolish man who sells his life to an employer for a pittance
Oh I have, but still love watching the commercial. The fake laughing gets me every time!
Hey you!! Keep being YOU. Then those who r meant to be in ur life can see and recognize YOU. ;)
guess that means that my strategy is already a colossal failure :(
RT : All you need to know this am from : In GOP campaign in search of clarity, Super Tues didn't produce any....
Ham & pineapple pizza(:
As of yesterday I am a member of the Nashville Soul Choir! Will be posting all shows on this page!!
a kosher question: using a dairy knife, ive sliced myself twice accidentally... am i parve or do i need to bury the knife to kosher it?
Depends on how hot the skillet is!! How long do roaches live?
"Have I had too much coffee?" was the second question I asked myself. The first, of course, was, "How long have I been beatboxing?"
so are mine
What is the book in question? Now I'm curious.
Would anybody be mad if I replied to all your text in spanish
Create your future from your future, not from your past. - Werner Erhard
thanks for the RT!
#15peopleilove MY Family :)
Who are "Whitney kids"?
“If you are not able to see your goals, they will take longer to achieve, and sometimes “longer” is "never." ~Honorée
long time no talk :( how are you beautiful? :)
UNC Basketball: No UNC-Kentucky Game On Schedule - Keeping It Heel
did you make those?
Between O's Opening Day and the Masters, getting work done today will be a challenge!
is back in game. Looks not as bad as thought. Thoughts of Pierce in NBA Finals in NBA!
If only you knew how hard it is for me not to trust you. I just can't be disappointed again..
Heya Chip where ya at?? I'm here with some out if towners! They already plowed through our growlers of devils and 12 daze!
wow unbelievable
Happy Friday to you too! RT : Happy FF to everyone!!
Listen to me when I say I love you. But look into my eyes and realise that I really do mean it.
ok, still not sure if a young man in nyc or dc was in fact killed over the concords, but unfortunately it is possible & likely.
SATURDAY: Courtney Hardin, mezzo soprano, performs at 3PM in SBCH. Public is invited & admission is free. music.uark.edu
his excuse is always a "song" girl just ignore it like the rest of the "normal" ppl
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams.
Just got the worst news.. my massage therapist is moving.
what if u only like like one kid? Lol
I am convinced that life in a physical body is meant to be an ecstatic experience. ~Shakti Gawain
Hey :) a follow from you would mean a lot to me :))) I LOVE YOU. :DD
HAPPY BITRHDAY TO MY LOVE, <3
Some days, doesn't everyone on the bus look like they came straight out of central casting for a Fellini movie?
In honor of Lincoln Day, the Idaho Senate just offered up a long prayer that would have been anathema to Lincoln.
don't make me come kick your ass :)
I love you, even if i stay off twitter for a while I will never leave you .
Question girls: would u date a guy who lives with his parents or a guy with crooked teeth??
funny lill mistake.. i thought it was hilarious.. i been emitting mad energy.. the universe responses!
I found out today that you're coming on the senior high mission trip!! I don't know if you can handle us though... Haha
Point is daddy bloggers' growing influence could help the whole country get real about babies.
Be sure to follow #Chat for some terrific #CommonCore resources...and if you're sharing them, add it to your tweets!
asap rocky and Kendrick lamar on repeat playing all night long...
I need that!
your welcome!(: haha and since when was Sarah and rj going out?!:)
Its Cinco De Mayo, this weekend!!!! Lets PARTY likes its 1999!!!!!!
you know when im so exhausted when im so tired i cant even work out
Fuck it . . Ima just be late today !
is thinking about how drew is making our twitter look ugly! -eugene
I'm still pretty annoyed I have a final exam on the 12. A Saturday.
Britney Spears dance party going on in my house.
Nothing happens by itself. It'll all come ur way, once U understand that U have 2 make it come ur way, by ur own efforts.
I feel like Everyone should find someone to have sex with tonight... Just because it's saturday
no and I bet you that Im gonna get most attitude in volleyball lol
where am I heading tmorrw? Soccer game at niu... field on campus?
lol you know why
Katherine is goreous! She's 1 of the best this season too!
up early today need to do some recording
Construction begins on new scoreboard for the Chiefs
#3WordsOfAdvice avoid Taco bell
Haven't been back since my internship in 2003. #Sigh RT I can certainly agree with that thought! I love WDW.
Hitting up the gym!
What's another word for thesaurus?
High Speed Internet gives you a window from 8am to 11pm for a repairman service visit. 8:21pm... I don't think I want anyone
Just bought chocolates from The Chocolate Fox at Hub. SO excited.
Very happy to have just discovered photojournalism magazine. This one damn fine publication!
haha yea I can see that :)
I guess you aren't following me on Twitter anymore either... :(
And cue Morgan freeman.... I mean Bishop Steib
Is it possible to break every single toe&break a rib? I've got moves like Jagger. No seriously, he's like 100 & I can't even move.
Sounds like the plot to Dream House!
The best nicknames are the ones people don't know they have.
yuss it's like bill and Ted all over again
How was the tweetup? Any talk of when we'll have another? So bummed to have missed it today, darn meetings over lunch
I was wrong about the heaven-bacon-onion thing. Heaven smells like hokey pokey made with honey.
Anything gained through deceit is the same as taking the wind.
hallelujah! social media trending towards social engagement with institutions NOT broadcasting upcoming events
think their attack would be better if they went 4-3-3
KD makes it look easy.
Played over ten Awesomenauts matches, won every one. Safe to say MOBA and XBLA audience only minimally overlaps?
who is your stylist? You look amazing!
RT : Spend the last of your Spring Break locally! & sign up for
Great audience question....At what point do companies accumulate so much information that they become creepy?
glad you all had fun in Miami!!
hope all is well :).
if he comes by during office hours you're required to send him upstairs to check in with me first.
hey. i didn't know you were on here. cool!
Anybody try out any #interesting #flavor combos recently? Just tried pickled mango habanero juice, it was delicious.
need to pay the cable bill ;)
yeah I'm confused..:O
Harry be creepin' :O
Same! Obsessed with vmk! > “: I just realized I have so much to catch up on. #soexcited”
wonderful! And I need ur email 2 send u some info! Please DM us, thanks xx
RT : May the Fourth be with you!
starbucks ..check head dowtown to get my phone serviced "again" hey wait this is a new phone only 2days old.. grrrrrr
Had a slice of Milwaukee. Very good!
I wish would sit next to me forever
What I missed about mexico is the hard ass beds ha (: #family time
ok,ok...instead of broouuuhaha, that was a. Bwaaaaaaahahahahahaha!!!!!! We should plan something! (Was that better?) :o)
I heart you and your sneaky snake. congrats on COMMUNITY. The Best is Yet to Come! emphasis on the COME. love you!
#nowplaying the clash
Are you looking for internet job to earn money at home, follow to know tweets about online earn money programs.
Bad Girls Club is on tonight! ;)
Needless to say I won't be attending this function. I generate enough awkward moments of my own; not soliciting opportunities to increase.
Confession: commitments stretched time & I didn't ride the bike this AM. And I was really bummed!! Back in the saddle tomorrow.
Its was because of rondo
I love you<3
Nani and Valencia are decent but they have had to rely on old man Scholes to even stay with the pace. Any cash there?
Tammy Baldwin is a communist. Keith Ellison is a communist. Judy Chu is a communist.
'Listen, I fucked up a lot of gigs bigger than this.'
