I missed you T.
y did c get hate tweets??
damn wish I could but Im going out tonight. Sorry bro
Im just sayin' you could do better!
wao, lucky you!
Thanks god one of my professors has a brain! There was no way I could summarize a 14 page article in 1 page
At Triangle Square Theater in Costa Mesa waiting for the Newport Beach Film Festival screening of "Rape Kit".
I see you guy!! | “: Chopping Samples at 4 in the Am... #Grinding”
Hi Meghna, we'd like to hear your reflections on 9/11. "What were you doing on 9/11?" Book proceeds go to charity.
As we find harmony in our hectic lives we will develop renewed energy to hold securely those things that matter most. Jim Woods
Some people just want to take a stand to be heard, not to change anything
"Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragement, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things...
Yes, but I She is sweet home chicago...it will surface again soon. ;)
cuddle weather is for people who have someone to cuddle with.
- yeah I am trying to devote more time to fun...that and not get fat, those are two big goals right now...
Glad i was never a boyscout
Everytime I try to leave something keeps pulling me back telling me I need you in my life
I'm actually really excited to move. Asdfghjkl.
"Billion dollar dreams, hundred dollar nightmares."
TAG US IN A #FF WE'LL RETURN THE FAVOR! GO GO GO GO!!!
LA all day
Bitches Like Me Don't Need A iPhone Lmao
big thnx dave
At a party where this kid just literally whipped his dick out #timetogohome #g'night
RT - #Jacksonville #Jaguars WR Jason Hill (hip) returned 2 practice Friday, but practiced only on a limited basis & ...
I get it, but don't think it matters whether or not LGBT folks can conceal their identity. Hiding it can be a painful "choice."
Did not make it. Will explain later.
"Shortly after dawn, eight Schlitzes in…" now that's the way to start a book chapter.
DJ CBreezy on the ones and twos at the ND football stadium!!!
I suspect there would be a lot of people in agreement
I don't see how you could be upset at me for me staying in my lane and doing me when your suppose to be in your lane paying attention to u!
Can it include #scotch? RT : Perhaps we need to plan a presentation that includes , you and me?
Why is it there are some people in this world that no matter how much you love em nothing is simple when making plans with them
I thought the new phrase was
Hey friends! Hope you all are available to come to the show this Friday with phynx at the vinyl! Gonna be a rocking good time..
I have more than doubled the size of my Canticum Novum Singers to perform #Bach'sMassinBMinor on May 19th.
Nice shout out by
Very Soon:)
♫♪ Disco budgie in the house tonight - eat some millet and have a good time! ♫♪
I think you're right - couldn't have even imagined days like these :)
Bynum & McGee collective height=14 ft... collective IQ?
Yup in my white tee
RT : I'm finding out more and more that the "who's who" of young professionals will be at the this Sat...so excited!
Congratulations to the entire cast and crew of the Uptown Whole Food for our excellent performance of Get Ready this morning!
how do I level up my clan?
Dressing on the side.
honestly, anything over 45 is nice for running...over 65 I'll get super hot & sweaty :P
made my dick hella hard
its a small hood but its all god and mr. rogers aint got shyt up on my neighborhood
RT - I hate the New England patriots with a mutha fuckin passion.
oh no :( I heard the #raven was bad :(
that was brillant
On my way to my bed [: , gnight '
is that a read?
Dead week is gonna kill me
On average a human being spends two weeks of their entire lives waiting for traffic lights to change…feels like more sometimes though!
we gone have to figure somethin out asap.
Well, the good news is we can take credit/debit cards now...
yay! i was just making sure you knew haha
"Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction."
Thayer for Mayor!
Weather slowing us down. Expectation is to be back in Wichita tomorrow evening.
Schubert & Mozart type of night whilst on the way to box seats at the theatre... let the Pellegrino flow...
Wow-Atlanta airport is so delayed tonight-at this pace my inbound flight may leave before my outbound! Has an airport ever had a revival?
Playing Truth or Dare with Micheal OwnsMyHeart:)
Pitt Engineering students, looking for jobs? Take a glance at to see if any look appealing.
RT : my mom kept asking why me and my ex dont talk 😲 cause i dont fuck w him nomore lol
and I are hilarious.
So awkward RT : That awkward moment when you realize you're awesome.
how so?
Would love to but we don't have any seats in the back since we brought the bikes. Sorry
Im nt the same without you just to let you kno bae:((
Ima Need A Refund For Thee Shiit Yu Bring Because Its Just Not Addin Up!
NC Gov pulls foot outta mouth after making an insensitive remark about the state of MS. Doesn't matter that it is sorta true.
Thanks for the follow, Oisin!
I Need to leave this building as well lmao
Got mo ass then a muthafuka
Thanks for having at your event & best of luck with the website launch
Excellent job NASA. Time for privatization.
plz tell me more about this madness later...
Anybody know what's going on around Station North? I hear rumors of lots of smoke in the air?
Live a life worth living.
RT:: beer goggles really suck
This is the perfect song for a Long boarding video.
I Love #MyHayniacFamily (:
Having tacos for breakfast every Sunday morning cus u work with mexicans >
tune in the QOTR radio show on queenofthering.tv
Of course Manimal should be Rookie of the year beast mode always
yes, I read all the books as well. Truly a great series!
In Texas we can buy guns at convenience stores.
Kentucky moves past number 1 Ohio St. Go Big Blue!
One day, I will see the world.
apologies for the old tweets David. We're aware of it and working on it. If it bugs you while we do, you can unfollow.
Wow, did not remember to say happy birthday to his baby girl Shania Twain... What a terrible boy toy.. :p
uh huh it's gonna be raining men up in 416 wooohoooo!!
Often the wisest words are the words unspoken. -Anne Frank
11 days till the happiest day of my life w
for me it's all about the drama, fashion, and relationships. Basically everything that makes up my life..just more glamorous. :)
#samuelsmithimperialstout kind of night
Everyone is so excited to be out of school and I'm still stuck in this hell for another 2 weeks... Fuck.
HERESTOALL In life, you'll meet 2 kinds of people. The 1's who build you up and the 1's who tear you down. In the end, youll thank them both
Can museums measure visitor change in complex social behavior? #AAM2012 session report-out focusing on the efforts of
They're still good.
Funny, I don't recall making that.
what happened to your Facebook yo?
totally ate dirt when bella flipped and full force bucked and i hit the ground freakin awum!
you're welcome!
Just saw video of the World Peace/Ron Artest elbow. That was ugly!
Glow Run 12/1 6:30pm & running to Halsted store. (items will be transported to store) Dress warm & be ready to GLOW!
I know UK is still going hard after Bennett. Is Cal still targeting Jefferson?
Come on ya'll!! 12 more likes to a Giveaway extravaganza!!!
Hey! Your face just popped up, so I thought I'd ask: any chance you're attending Explore Nashville this week?
From what it sounds, Taj is likely 2 play tomorrow which is a good thing
see you tonite! “: yeee Boogie Boogie :)”
Yooooo hey stranger
I didn't have any Little Debbie's Nutty Bars today. Yoo can doo eet!
I think I just witnessed my dog running up and along the side of the couch as she races around our living room.
Thank you to for another great job this year.
Hope u find her ... how is it?
What will your company look like when Millennials call the shots? Find out in the new whitepaper millennialinc.com.
awesome mag, Troy! Congrats!
I love it! I just hate when random American made movies set in the middle of Europe everyone has a British accent. Why?!
Top 5 Hiking Trails in Colorado Springs
When I'm irritated I nap...good night.
it's an inherent lie since it's impossible to be glamorous on a galerina salary.
I'm doing good. Thanks for asking.
CHIcago! Tomorrow night! Seton Academy! 5pm! You. Me. Chevy Sonic. Grab some prizes and register to WIN 's Chevy Sonic!
no u ok
Dont let it take you... Call iTAL REHAB, i will work with you to take your life back. Be drugs free and love yourself. Call me 3663923.
thank you I joined! Gotta love the name! Let's take flight!
god morning my friend!
CES in Las Vegas will showcase a lot of new technology for cars, none will help with parking.
I'm going to listen because if you can condense it to 140 characters then that is impressive.
coming back from the pool.(:
New mayday parade, seems promising!
Hey , has been sending you Enrique music videos too?
Not Sure Yet, Setting Up a Few More Plays Before I Let Everybody Hear the Final...Should Have a Snippet Play Up Tomorrow
hello my amazing love !! I missed u more!! Yes right we can talk on Saturday and on Sunday as long as we want :)) +
RT : We've isolated the Rio Grande outage down to 1360 cust w/out power. Crews working to repair downed line near Luke/Rio Grande.
He can't have the fund unless he's being investigated/charged. Unless he's not, then having a fund is itself breaking the law
anyone need tickets to the vegas show this summer?
unless of course they're from eugene in which case they get my last place vote
Sigh. I think there's a potential fair use claim in that the excerpt won't affect the market value of the collection. +
The Sound of Freedom has returned to the skies over Jacksonville after a much too long absence, and people are WHINING about it?..for SHAME!
lol.. I need a chick.. wats up man, where yo sexy friends at. :)
Now scoring Baseball / Softball games from my mobile device using iScore Baseball - you can too
Watching 100+ middle schoolers try to find seats on concert stage prompts me to think of a word from high school French: embouteillage.
m spaghetti-o's :)
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana going through bananas
Good job honey lol ": I'm trying"
Visiting my girlfriend at work. Free beer! Haha.
Hit me up for DITCH FRIDAYS..
Thanks for following and Have a great day!
I completely lost my voice idk how I am gonna do my video...
Never give up... but there's 52 sec left and #CLIPPERS are down 5 with only 1 timeout remaining.
How I love thee
Why are we the same person? Next SCALA event: Hocus Pocus and a Say Yes to the Dress marathon.
I think it is so Big Brother viewers will watch The Amazing Race. They have much different viewer demographics ;-)
Absolutely! Let's plan some time to catch up - I didn't realize they had Zumba. I may have to try that on Weds.
Is This The End of Affiliate Marketing?
thank you for being here for me, Im so thankful for you. I love you 😘
screw what people say .
The best reps
are you up studying? Lol
Yep, definitely
Taylor Gang or get the same haircut as twitcon
good and u?!
Saw speak at the New School as part of the #pen world voices festival last night. Isn't she great?
Watching our producer, Kate Ducey get her Cirque School on...gonna be shuper shweet.
Right! It would be perfect!
mr.pickering
I just facebooked him and he said no problem
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs sitting on your front porch? - Matt
I would have too. Its the only way I'd stay sane.
No abbs though RT : mcnabb acting like t.o. now, 'workouts will be televised'
so much for live twitterfeed displays...
On the way to set up for RR Day! Pulled an all nighter getting last minute details ready...kids will have a great time today!!!
when do we get fsc/fox soccer plus and gol tv in hd in kansas city?
Permanent Chinese finger trap.
They or geek glasses RT : lol that picture was funny as hell. goggles for the hot tub rly?
How long have you been working on that tweet?
Tanner is playing in the litter I just cleaned -__-
Tis why I love you!!! LOL. Thanks babes, I'm rockin it tomorrow.
you guess? Well I need some more enthusiasm from you missy. Will I see u this weekend?
I saw Lester is pitching vs #Royals tonight. They've got a chance. It's the no name pitchers called up that concern me.
Planing my trip to Mendoza, Argentina (google it, it's pretty!). Mind you it is winter in the Southern Hemisphere right now =D
When Family Guy comes on these days, I flip the channel almost as fast as when I hear the Sex and the City theme.
got Christmas breakfast
Have a safe and happy New Year's Eve!!!!!
I just keep seeing this scary serial killer psychopath who writes boring books to balance out his madness. I get it.
85, well it's not 90!
Sheryl, thanks for following me!
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile send long meaningful texts when shes had a horrible day .
And a new wine to drink with em lol
More like the complete opposite.
glad i could help my lady. you guys deserve it.
Due to a wind-related power outage, I could not use the magical special features of my super-toilet this morning.
thank you so much. I love Scottsdale...except the hot summer months!
Even though we let it go, you should know I still got it for ya
locking myself in my room
#16andpregnant those bitches need to get slapped
Hey, I'm new at this. What d'ya do?
How FUNNY!!! RT : TAX DAY! Did U ever notice that when U put the words "The" + "IRS" together, it spells "THEIRS?"
Doing research for interview (for internal position) on Tuesday. The last time I interviewed for a similar position, I sort of flaked out.
Please Follow this Guy He is New :) i'll apreciate <3
Are you cheering for the celtics? What?
Thank you!
#BecauseOfMichael Klaus is alive and wants to destroy Stefan RT“: whoa whoa this can so be a TVD trend... #BecauseOfMichael”
Good Morning! You already know what time it is....... cardio time :)
what are people judging you about?
That is awesome to hear! Glad you're cancer free! You should check out - Maybe you'd like to be a mentor
Watched the Marcus Dupree 30 for 30 again, tremendous. Ran similar to Eric Dickerson when healthy/fit. Glad he tasted the NFL, tho briefly.
All wealth is the product of labor. ~John Locke
Hey Hey! Welcome to Twitter! =)
how bout or tweeting me ;) <3
About to begin July collection period, will announce this month's charity soon. Stay tuned and be ready to send them your $1 donation!
Data data everywhere, and not a thought to think!
Girls who put they buisness on twitter most likely will grow up to work in a Post office
Where is our scoring touch? #Bruins getting many more scoring chances then the Wild but can't get the puck in the net. Let's go, B's!!
I was just in an Off Broadway Show that took place in Terlingua. Closed on Friday.
I'm tired of Chris picking on me.
I thought maybe it was one of those pics where there's something nasty hidden. Like a cockroach hiding behind the bun.
Loving this presentation by / about optimizing WordPress. Have several docpages open at the same time. :)
What a great night. Missin my hubby.... But partying with the neighbors is a nice distraction!!
Will do!
I'm still full from that
I'm so excited I can't stand it! #beach bound
Ok, so alot of u are wonderin WTF happened, if u want the fict. Version go to my band page, silk flamingo & the beat! Become a fan!
NeighborCity is hiring Account Execs & Customer Service in San Francisco. Comp. Base Salary, Commiss and full benefits. DM me for more info
What is Ty Lawson doing...
All good points. I would just hate to bore my reader, though I don't think that's really an issue. :)
Hi Bradley, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your clients are perceived Follow 2 DM?
it was a little awkward, but call it "twam" from tinychat. Check out #schoollibraryexchange if u get a mo! Simon
The Holy Grail marketer question: How do I know what I did online actually worked offline?
Ok, the 2 week break for TVD was fine, last nights made all up for it!(:
Hey, you're welcome! Hope you dig it!
i got food poisoning today. i don't know when I'll use it though.
Rehearsal in the 87501 tonight!
The ONLY good thing about a long bus ride is catching up on podcasts. , , , distract me from lumbar pain!
Loving on his show Flea Man! Makes me excited to go to more flea markets this summer!
Fayetteville State showing their virtual desktop (win 7) running on an iPad
If you see a person crying, don't say or ask anything. Just give a hug to the person, since feelings should precede words.
and is apparently looking forward to rnd 2 of our #SpanishTragedy off. 'course my memory of first one aren't clear.
Thanks for responding to our tweet, Qlove. Will you play at my next BBQ?
why so blue panda bear?
Taking shots throne is unwise especially when u are unequipped with the talent and intelligence required to complete the task
Wanna smell like a ginger biscuit?
renowned digital marketing skillz :-)
Lotusphere sadly comes to an end. I left Orlando with a lot of great new relationship, a brain full of knowledge and a Ton of schwag!
A special #FollowFriday to my family: , , , ,
man we haven't had SBB in months. Latner and I have failed the tradition.
For the record, this thing is crazy and assumes every games I've played for the last 5 years happened in one afternoon. Yikes!
Fun Fact: Jamie Moyer pitched 141 MLB games before his current team, the Rockies, ever existed (h/t )
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: cat happy the two roommates are finally home together so he doesn't have to fill in the role for the other.
hey you have pretty eyes
LOL. You know, that could be taken to mean he calls at the same time. You're just taking a different approach. ;-)
it's saturday in athens and gameday in phoenix. lets go
Click your heels and think of me...chick-a-boom
Cubs, Yankees, Red Sox...yes, there are. He's as good as gone - which we all knew years ago, anyways.
Happy VALENTINE'S DAY. Appreciate that special someone!!!! And always remember to Love yourself!!!
Dose any body know when Black Gold will be in the U.S.
Got be at doctor at 3
Currently tweeting on a Samsung tablet. These thingsare sick.
On the #mosquitaymari set today. Lots of pixies and fairy dust everywhere!
Visual COM and COM theory. I'm done with the semester and literally counting the hours.
Wait same number right?
THX X“: Want to smash my computer everytime i try serach and get this user does not exist *sigh*”
Happy 5th Birthday kidrauhl. We beliebers love you. <3 I hope to meet you and I hope you follow me. :)💜
Austin is the reason why I smile everyday (:
WHO IS ONLINE?? FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT I'll RT AND FOLLOW YOU. TWEET ME
hey i have to have to go. i promise i will get you those 2 followers tomorrow! :)
we're all cunning linguists?
You know it! Let us know if you need any Best of Philly BBQ!
Bianco is overrated, but Cibo always satisfies. Or il Postino.
I took a class on the whole conflict. children was used as case study for media spreading a very simplified/naive message
Really? Really? Really? you really have Saint Mary's in the NCAA championship?
follow me
Whats been up Bro? Check in on you for a minute...
We're going first.
brunch brunch brunch
Say it isn't so, Steve! Seattle Thunderbirds to introduce Steve Konowalchuk as head coach on Thursday.
Only three days to go. Vacation time awaits.
RT: talk less, say more. think that was Ben Franklin ;)
I bet there are more people tryna make it with musik then anything else in the world. I love the
I wanna go shopping
Glad to hear it. See you next time!
RT : #Follow we gonna b giving away exclusive shit @ #SoWhoppedSaturdays. must b a follower
I've done that train ride three times though and it's always worked out well.
catalogers are machines.
right! Durant stayed in the gym year round working
Only 20 people in the "Follow on Twitter to Enter" #contest. RT for your chance to enter #raelynns 10 minutes early 2nite!
your broke mah car ! *in voice* hehe.
like Mike said hes pretty close!!
lol that's unfortunate, where you from?
On the lite rail on the way to a meeting with writers/director...almost there.
can you swing by my house and grab a few things on your way, please? :)
They about the oldest team on the NBA
Pretty sure my gaydar is spot on when it comes to 3 year olds.
Speaking on 3-9-12 @ ACFE Lehigh Valley Chapter on Why the Fraud Triangle is No Longer Enough to Battle Fraud. Go Crowe!
Monday night see u guys ;)
is looking strong #LaJollaHalfMarathon Go Team Go!
@ rehearsal getting it in. Hey you don't make the cabbage unless you do the homework and are prepared.
Your welcome
Hey no problem, glad you asked. Let us know what u think once you've raced next year. Love to hear feedback!
Bummer news....but as bad as it's going to be, I'm still going to continue supporting the
What he said. RT : Not just ANY beer. You know you're having a good day when beer starts following you.
But besides that, ME shall stand as both one of my favorite game franchises & one of my favorite fictional universes.
thanks for coming by for a pie today! Always great to see you getting your street food fix.
^ Mower Than a Greeting Card My friend Mark and I work in a lawn-mower-parts warehouse. Somehow Mark got the idea that his wife did not...
ChaChi did you cry when they talked about angles mom ??? I know I did
*Sad face* =( aw maannn…
great picture
Party party with
i criously hate MICK..hez such a cheat..anywayz i dnt blame hm.
n I wish that was the reason! We freeze in #overlookcanyon huh n ??
2011.09.07 #Cardinals 2 #Brewers 0 | Lose to Carpenter / Morgan loses temper too / Lose series to Cards
Last Morning in Springfield... Gotta catch those last Sun rays before I go home :(
So true. have you checked their iOS app? (safari, not native)
#Australian Open tennis all night!!!!
sounds like someone i know ....😒
My new girl > u
Floyd has proven this Over & Over GOAT STATUS
"Today's #medical #assistants are more than sideline players." via
American Idol - Erika in the bottom 3 is a total mistake. Heejun was a good call.
Just heard Done Club rant Chipmunks-style for 1st time. Classic. Can you do Scooby-Doo?
So I just watched ur beauty mint review *late I know* I had trouble with my skin too, and I have a suggestion. I looked up the...
thank god we weren't near any goal horns tonight. Would have fought someone.
how do you open your season one week and then the following week you return back to spring training? - dont get MLB.
I've officially joined the ten million people in America who own the book
Gimme a fly beat and I'm all in it.
want to invest in your future? i am helping people get involved with old us coins.. get @ me for more info.
WootRT : Just saw 's senior show. Great bit of work by her. I can't to see where she goes from here.
Hey, thanks so much for the '50s home RT! :D
Did you notice , who sang the Brit anthem at the London Game? She had everyone's FULL attention.
Test drove a rodded GTO today. Was very fast.
Ok u only wanna b around me when u goin through shit ya know wu bitch please i dnt have time for ya shit k thanks but no
Enjoy, and remember that cultivation should be appreciated! Remember that whenever engaging with the youth.
I've been good. Working on a new book and trying to outsmart my 5-year old daughter who questions everything I say. LOL.
hahaha this is true ;) i might just have to go
Why is it that I always know exactly what I want... and NOBODY MAKES IT. Ugh.
Forgot how much I loved watching "The Cosby Show" 😏
Oh, won't you fill me up (fill me up), coffee cup, baby, and I'll drink it down...
I'm addicted to juice.
Thanks! Appreciate your support. When we receive our we'll have to bring them into and hack at them!
I'm Watching Highlander In It's Entirety, for The First Time!
haha yes ma'am I'm sorry
breathe carolina for the rest of my life
I hate posting pictures of just me onto facebook. Its so intimidating, idk why :P
> girls always have something to prove. Sit down somewhere
forcing myself to change a lot...like becoming more domestic.
you too
It's pouring here in downtown Austin. Great day to stay indoors and watch college basketball and independent films!
Looking forward to seeing the new office and hanging with tonight!
Companies will work together to make money. Collaborative consumption principles.
Tom Barrett calls on Gov. Scott Walker to debate 4 times before #wirecall on June 5, Walker not yet responding to request
We talk so much texting or on the phone but in person we're like strangers.
Just to big of a hole to climb out of in this game being down 13 at the half!
Huzzah! And now we are officially rolling with the html (5) doctype & XUA-Compatible meta tag.
~The Illusionist w/ Ed Norton
God I am so confused. They need help. We need to pray for these Grizzlies quickly!!! Smh. Come on
Son, but Aleshea is looking all KINDS of FIONE in her new avi... she the dark-skinned friend that look like Michael Jackson!
Down for three hours.
Absolutely loved The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel. Superstar cast, gorgeous shots of Jaipur, India and ultimately, a lovely story...
Kez and I are beyond thrilled to hear this! (Also, hi!)
I appreciate that things are being set in motion for my unfortunate events at the Palmer House Hilton in Chicago!
Does your bro, Jordan, got a Twitter?
For those who read in dim conditions & bright sun, mirasol displays feature an integrated front reading light that adjusts to ambient light
oh I freaking love LA, we are moving there in the next year!!! You will have to visit once we get there ;)!
rope cuz I'm drinking n u aren't
I'm so glad I don't enjoy talking to you anymore... Because you don't talk to me anyway
Hello guys! :* Tweet us! how was your day?
The PAST says, "Your Life is Over." but JESUS says, "In me ALL things are made NEW."
Yes I am! You should... #TopChef #SanDiego style!
Evening all! How is everyone?
Half tempted to go jump in the pool... Hm.
Trending Topics I want to make happen
Spring football season
Dude your fucking backpack belongs on your lap not my ribs -___-
ones, not zeroes (and world peace)
Why are you constantly taking pictures in your bathing suit at 8 at night? Late night swim in your bathroom cause you dont have a pool..
The morale boost, sure. Economically, not necessarily. Very weary of those claims.
its all good we love u but catch us Live Tonight at Capa High School for their Glow Party at 7pm so come get it Live!
Hard to hear, feel like I grew up with him.... Rest in Peace
Im Meant Mikey hah my bad
match them???
How was your #TRX class? Are you sore yet?
I'm a terrible person to argue with
Mow the lawn or watch the Pens? The grass can wait!
you flatter me... and I love it!!! (yeah... I've been having fun with the mustache!!!)
Cash Clown Clown House Ent. Presents Cash Clown Tha New Host/DJ At Larrys Villa Come Flirt,Gamble, An Drink Open 24hrs FREE Addmission
Some wonderful images. I'm trying to comment but it won't let me. I'm not sure why.
you were amazing!! So glad I heard about your performance last min and it was so great!! Better be in youtube!!
Congratulations to all! And hugs to you DP. xo
Today is the 2nd Day of the "12 Days of Andaluz" All Jewelry is 20% Off, so stop in & say hello.
Now you just made me sadder than I typically am about the fate of the Sonics.
yess and that red shirt looks so pretty! Want your clothes lol
Thx, Janet! She glows in my head. Susan
Memphis in May here I come !
S/O for puttin together a great vibe for the bbq. Aint nothin like good food, drinks and company. Letsgitit
BRC gate opens in 127 days. The Man burns in 132 days.
This may force ABC to renew so another network doesn't get it. Either way, it's looking good. Holding my breath until official!
Thanks Eric. Lots to transcribe! ;)
Nice! Thanks for the mention in your story !
Miami won!
doesn't it seem like sirius has the same 4 or so djs across almost every channel?
life is worth living
how true!
Or, she's channeling Kobe Bryant.
High hopes for tonight... never disappoints.
thanks Mason - you gotta get all the freshmen to come down !
Do the next right thing.
it's lunch time...myfitnesspal.com awesome!
Did you know Seattle's community information line 211 and can help people find shelter and basic human services or assistance.
I used to love this show but now its terrible. It needs to end. RT : Fashionistas can breathe again, Gossip Girl was renewed.
"A loving heart<3 is the truest wisdom." ~Charles Dickens
LOVE Adele!!!! Congrats....Fierce Talent!
HAHA, damn you want swag bad! RT : anytime keep it up and tell he better not let me down :)
Pumping out new songs like a neon leopard. New recordings coming atcha like moon rays. www.Boulevardoftheallies.com
Thank you for participating in the raffle for the Bell Model Helicopter! We will announce the winner at 5 pm today.
wow.. I spent like 1 minutes. haha I didn't have much homework (:
anyone in #NYC not as worried about #hurricaneirene as I am?
Thanks to my fabulous boss for hosting a great work retreat this weekend in #Chicago! Trip of a lifetime.
Dreams are illustrations from the book your soul is writing about you. Marsha Norman
just surprised me at #Mcsorleys there are going to be some shenanigans tonight
Rdm Fact: When ur approaching to the peak of the Tram you can still see plane wreckage from TWA flight 260 which occured February 19, 1955.
whats everyone doing on this fine wednesday
Graduation is 111 days away!
1 prestige usually Takes about 20 hours to get ..level 15 equals about 13 days of playing cod lol
as you wish..
Just disapp I didn't get 2 my menstrual cup line in callback. Damn!
congrats! you made it! can't wait to read more about labor and
Fuck liers. If you catch me in one. Then its fuck me too! lol
Happy Easter!!! Its Me... ALEXIS TODD.. Follow my page... I WANT 400 MORE FOLLOWERS TO REACH MY GOAL..
oh okay I'm down sometime this summer!!! Mom said you were trying to get her to go with you?
SENT YOU A DM PEACH :)
It's pretty sad that the fact A Rodgers being here is more exciting then the game itself.
love is a battlefield, I'm willing to go to the frontline & fight for you!
Petition #thevoice to bring back How is it REAL talent gets eliminated & we have to hear "Walk like an Egyptian"?
Excited for Teen Mom 2 Season Finale
Not sure why Oracle would want WebOS, IMHO that move would dilute their Java strategy
Never switch up your game to have em flow in, you'll have the wrong ones coming in
Thanks for the mention - Buy safe toys this holiday season!
"It sounds like a man walking on snow. But it's my heartbeat." Cara on how the world sounded while she had an ear infection.
Im a HUGE pyschobilly for those of you who dont know. It kind of runs in the family!
And you know this! Here's to hoping you don't have to spend two hours in a Pepboys waiting room like we did.
I think even the honey badger cares more than Chen does!
It will be epic. (I don't know any words that rhyme with epic.)
Yesterday, these boys came in to use the library computers. "Entonces, maricon," one of them kept saying. "Pendejo," he called his friend.
At PortlandBazaar.com. Great place to pick up Christmas gifts!
I love putting on shirts fresh out I the dryer. They're so warm(:
So pretty here in Ottawa :-) off to Montréal this afternoon!
Don't hate the player, change the game
Yes, the #UMBC library is even open on beautiful days like today! Open until 6:00 p.m. but the RLC is open 24/7, just like our website!
I think it is time for the first real bike ride of the year!
When I walk in she gon' be on my dihh
i see everyone talkin bout how you follwed them or tweeted them and im jus left out cuz none of those things happend to me <3
♥♥♥ love you holland!! Hope you have a wonderful dayy :)
Re: You profile. IdM as in intelligence dance music?! That's my all time favorite too!
what is it?
Coming to a Location Near You: Civil Unrest
That's a tough one, but from what I'VE tasted of desire, the end of the world tastes like caviar.
thunder is a magnificent dancer
wait, Chris Evans is the Human Torch & Captain America...?
OK, the British have the right idea...looking at my home and work To-Dos for the weekend, I need a butler.
The fact that my dream last night included carrots elephants and paper bags, makes me wonder what else I dream about
Your mother is all of those things as well. Oh and you smell bad.
Your first mistake was leaving me... your second mistake was giving me the chance to realize I could live without you
Hungry for work? McDonald's looking to hire more people on a single day than ever before. Story at 5:30 on
Oh good. So at least it wasn't a dry form of humor.
Per Manny Delcarmen's FB page, he subscribes to "I Can Find 1,000,000 Yankee Haters by Opening Day" -- too bad he's now with the Yankees.
Yes! This compresses to an image the mind takes in without having to stop, parse and process.
don't want to pay taxes? don't drive on the road, use the electric grids, books from the library - your house burns down, you're on your own
I need a new #job! Whose hiring?!
Make It Rain Chick!!
wrote three songs today!
not sure if you like hip hop, but if you do you should check out my music sometime.
i get it that you would have lots of followers, but to only follow ten is using social media for all the wrong reasons. for shame
glad to hear it went well! And that other people are seeing what a PR/Social Media rockstar is!
My pleasure! RT
..incredibly gifted, I concur however..
cool what kind do u like? :)
Leo Roudys shared the challenges of optimizing the reverse flow of products & ewaste How 2 motivate consumers?
Preparing to see Father Peter tonight in Milwaukee
Helpp how can I get my hands on Weeds season 6? Reward if found
Gotta love early morning baseball.
Hi friend.
I think they're becoming more socially awkward & therefore reserved-they're finding their voice online but losing it F2F
GREAT! Som I can come over
RT : See the #characterinterview with #Dracon, from #SonsoftheDarkMother--at Full Moon Bits
that is terrible news.
"A Rude Awakening" is putting it lightly! We were all up tweeting about it... thinking it was an invasion!
“: How about this weather Cleveland...pretty pretty nice! #amiright” is that a Larry David reference?!?
#Personofinterest is in my old 'hood in New York!
My tweets for the next hour will be for
So there. Looks like it is going to be a good conference. You definitely need to be there next year.
Again, I know its only 4 games into the season, but the #brewers bullpen needs to step it up.
yeah pics for me. If anything ill gain weight.
Mine is Bebe Dahl from "For Your Eyes Only."
We had a great week at H&T. Thanks to all our loyal customers!
Meck has 628k voters, Wake has 612k. Roughly the same difference as population. cc
Tonight was funny though 😂
is the man! thanks for the airmattress!
It could have ended worse, actually. It could have been the Penguins. Thanks for a good season,
They only aknowledge you if you're dead or in jail
His voice & his face, just adsnxcnvdfkSEXmcnl;vksjf;s
we could handle Baylor no problem. They can't outscore us and they don't pose any matchup problems. MSU... Thats worrisome.
I want some chicken salad.
We at GlobalCrucible are in the process of re-branding our website and we are opening up our new site soon to sustainability (Eco-conscienc…
We'd be happy to make you some crab cakes-- come on by sometime!
Q: Business influencers? A: higher risk game, need proof points when choosing a business partner
Yup, about 5 min, mandatory
but don't you wish someone would put a jet engine into a Hyundai?
Karma and Kismet got married. (I got to be a bridesmaid!) They're daughter, Destiny, is lovely!
Party Time!!! Awww >< at my house >< 7.00 pm!!!! remember
- thanks for the advice
why r u awake?
Thanks, Kevin! Never had so much publicity in my life...
Thanks for the info!
thank the Lord. I seriously almost called Christy freaking out, haha
Custom Full Color Mug Printing at NYC Printing 123. Create your personalized photo mugs with your own photo, logo, or graphic. Call now...
Just getting in from the Narroway Theater and Love Story show w/Blue cast. Thanx 4 letting me b a part. Teresa, it's all yours 2morrow!
A loud cat call must be a prerequisite for all NYC construction workers. Are my sweatpants and fleece really doing it for you?
BAM! MQA Phase 2 synthesized comments are polished and awaiting review. Admittedly, it took longer than I thought, but I'm pretty happy w…
Please tell me that Papelbon signing with the Phillies will get us a rewind of the Antoine Walk-ah bit!
Listening to Simon & Garfunkel this am. Yes it's dad rock, but know what else? It's pretty damn good
haha, I ordered good food this time. Food network was in there filming.
Why does snooki have a E! True Hollywood story? Either way I am still watching it.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Beautiful day in MN for soccer-any ideas how to block out parents screaming at the 3rd graders like they need to be Olympic gold medalists?
RT": shoutout to all the people with time warner right now. lucky biotches."<--Not when the Cowboys play on lol
Nice RT : Cowboys should trade for Tim Tebow as their closer. Tony Romo plays first 55 minutes, Tebow plays the last 5 minutes.
SATURDAY @ EAST END-NAPALM BEACH FINAL PERFORMANCE
well I appreciate it
": Did I wear the vest to be Houdini-ish? You bet your Houdini I did. #decoded" Thank you Brad for a great show!!!
ONE-LINER: Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
wat it is jus swag up
Everyone should follow He will make you laugh with his tweets & his videos. <3
Learn something new everyday - that's interesting, due to the vicinity of brewkettle and the fat heads brewery
thanks so much! Repost our song to your page if you get a sec! (YouTube darling this is just the beginning)
For your crazy days why not try some Crazy Bitch Tea? Bath & Body Bistro carries it and swears by it. Curious? Call us at 505-480-4425.
It's way too hard for me to handle my shit with this weather I just wanna go back to sleep!
at what point do Mavs fans get tired of being ABUSED by opposing centers?
did you like the movie?
playing out for the first time in a year and a half, running two workshops, going on a short trip... Good stuff! How are you?
Stress makes your hair fall!
My floor is spotless been vacuuming for 45 minutes ....little intense at the vanetti house...go cards
the post is good <3 shud i come to school in rainbow sox ??
It doesn't matter what color your hair is...people who love you do so for who you are, and what you bring to this world.
Exactly, but he started this back in February, I think he opened the gate & walked through them. Now its time to play in the house
lmao im sorry
did y'all notice there weren't any midwest crews this season?
RT : On this subject, I'd be curious to know if social media is a topic that comes up in residency interviews nowadays.
Andrew ( ) is opening today with 2-4-1 EVERYTHING from 5 to 9. Come down for fun and sun (minus the sun).
Don't blame me for walking away. I can't afford another heartbreak.
Seeing a cabin in the woods tonight 😱
Harry Potter. Or James Bond.
Most surprising stat to me is that the Cats got the lead at half without a 3, 0-3 from beyond the arc.
Why not? Outsource them to volunteer alums is one common approach.
haha! this wknd you are catching up on everything! i want that croque madame sandwich, again O_o
A big thank you to our #SOTYawards judges Michelle Lamb of , of & 's !
And... we're open!
TODAY: Food Truck Tues from 11-1!Vendors: % of sales goes2the food bank!
Assuming Gasol doesn't play, I need to start 2 out of these 3: JJ Hickson, AntRand or Ed Davis. Any thoughts?? Thanks!!
water taxi FTW!
We are exhibiting next week at the conference. Will you be there?
okay, so that last tweet happened but then it didn't... but agent Mulder is dead. yeah, what?
Missed last night. But slept pretty damn good haha.
Despite the inaccuracies, you're both in the "top 30 to follow" and both trending up. :)
Do you write, post or RT news about Commercial Real Estate? Use the #CRE tag so we can find you...
How badly do I not want to work on this chapter? I'm currently writing a conference paper that I won't deliver until March 31.
the one rehearsal went good, but i think it'll be too long, maybe my nerves will shorten it, haha :P
Huge bachelor party last night. Asked if they could take a picture with me and use my hair as a stache. #bartenderchecklist #gladicouldhelp?
Sorkin should have brought an ensemble on stage so his speech could exploit fast cuts and over-talking
that sounds like "if she smokes, she's actually a tranny who is going to assrape me
I'm just gonna send you a bunch of tweets until you reply... WHY YOU NO RESPOND MARKY
is phenomenal. Best part of
Time to come back!
I'm not on Fb that much... But imma go look now ;)
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. Epictetus
Imagination=intelligence having fun!
I am also a big believer that print will never die, merely that our strategic use of it will change.
On the other hand, people tend to overload pizza, so measurements in the name of restraint may not be a bad idea after all.
SPAZZING is cool as long as it isn't at someone else's expense. SPAZZ ON!
Professionals Guild New Years Eve Blast at Hilton Concord, Ca has comp food/drink tix, champagne, live, band, casino, more
The first 3 quarters & 9 mins were terrible. But man, this last 2ish mins have been awesome.
RT If you like my twitter
Would you happen to have a sample doc that you could share?
lmaooooo why are you fronting so bad on twitter
“ You should NEVER feel as if you need a man or woman in your life, sometimes you have to enjoy your own company”
lol, I said the same thing
So! I go to post on my friend Jessica's wall and lo and behold there is a pic of you with her baby!
<<<<<Watching the
Yummy goodness Acai smoothie for lunch :]
I have a song called "SMB" .. I should rename it to "Lakers fuckin suck"
ha, I already stuffed my face and I need to take a nap! Just think, you're saving your waistline :)
Becos I suck at bowling
I like Obama's tie the statement: "we don't need a constitutional amendment to do our jobs" I disagree with the "we don't need more studies"
5,000 Business Cards $99 Special - Full Color both sides with UV Gloss Only @ www.Rushflyerprinting.com
May is Foster Care Month! Thank you volunteers for making a BIG difference everyday in kids' lives
I thought you were tall!!!
Waiting to see a tweet from
Im about to hitt them back up to confirm my spot!
Interview w/ canceled. So things go. CAPS Hospitality Meeting at 3 next on the #chamber agenda.
It doesn’t matter where you are in life, what count is where you are going- InSpotter app
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
No matter what my plans are, Saturday will always be my sleep in day. woof.
lol I love your bio too!❤ stay classy, never trashy!
Good fighting back boys!
dying. this could be my last twitter ever. such a short twitter career.
i hope so.
Leavin Here n a bit <3
well where am I suppose to send this mail to? The cow mail box is not appropriate any longer.
bout to go to school and do community service in da park!!!! LADER GUISE !!!
Packers receiving corps is sick!
Buying the car of your wife's dream for Christmas...has to be the best feeling in the whole wide world..."she cried her eyes out"
Last night was crazy. Old Hollywood peeps. Beautiful hotel Bel Air.
I can get you some small fries :o lol
let's go to the high school this week and get out tip ins from :)
As I am trying my damnedest to finish this long overdue revision, I move on to _The History of Love_
Upside of being flat broke: bean burritos are freaking delicious. Especially with pepper jack
nice try.
Girl talk
And never, ever progressing?
Gag me with a fork and put out my eyes, please!
WALKER, TEXAS RANGER: so bad it's awesome, or just so bad?
never been
thank u beautiful! Xoxo
Being mentioned in tweets makes me feel #loved ♥
RT : Then U need to put a bill fwd to RePeal Citizens United Decision it is the only RIGHT Thing 2 do
I'd literally never given it a thought before this morning. I'm just curious is there's any research..
wish I could
What is that philosophy exactly? are you liking this draft class?
thank you! Means a lot.
oh snap!
Thx for the help. :)
lol that sucks -.- and I still have your stuff
Austin. You killed me. <3 IS THIS SONG GONNA BE ON ITUNES?!?!
lol im outta town for this whole week.
... I just love the way u sing dam :) keep doin what u doin! :)
Do I need to register for the expo in Arlington, or can I just show up?
Thanks for the follow beautiful!!!! I just love me some you...
lets go
Is this from your office in Alexandria?
Finding plans for tonight
When drafting Terms of Use, if there are key terms the company specially wants, summarize them up front in bold.
Super excited for game 3
Thanks for the mention!
It works and I got a 100%!
": People have some serious staring problems."
Gotta love the spring time views
Nice win tonight against O'Connell. Good work, team. Good work, coach.
RT The idea that Trayvon Martin is responsible for his own death by his choice of clothing is patently absurd.
You have to follow me since your master is.
okay, what's your email?
It's still #moolaboys ❕❕❕
Hahaha well they said maybe Sunday.
Ha - I've always wondered what happens to deleted #tweets too - bet the #congress has a spreadsheet of avid spellcheckers :)
I told salina she looks happy and she said shes always happy. There is still hope in the world.
lol well good ! Just lettin em know they better follow you .. 😏 haha
I can look it up if u want :)
The year with no winter, 2 cold days does not a winter make
Promoted tweets not as bothersome as I expected them to be. Can't begrudge making some money for the service they provide.
I see cloud as providing discrete user customization - one of its powers.
Optimism is sanity for me right now.
Half Baked
call animal services. Seriously. They might love their dog but that is not okay.
I love hearing stories like this. Good for you! But I am not surprised. Herbal medicine has helped many with Hep A, B, and C :)
Haha "Were you scared?" "No, man – I'm from Brooklyn." - in 's "Inside Man" I forgot how much I like this movie.
tells me it's the Technicolor Buffalo Tribe. Greatly feared and respected.
will i see tommorow?
lmao is so honest
please follow back!
Love it !!
The World Series kicks off tonight. It's Cliff Lee and Josh Hamilton vs. Tim Lincecum and...Cody Ross? Rangers in 6. What say you?
I FUCKING HATE MY DOG!!!!
I liked your FB page today and downloaded some songs! I love you guys!
Thanks. You always put a smile on my face.
Thanks to Noah Dresner for making my day.
not possible. Muahahha
I hate when im drinking something and all the ice attacks my face.
you can stop by the gym anytime! :)
lawd I need them to run it back!
Really sucks how you can't trust ppl you think are your friends.....but it gives you a good perspective of who's really there for you
im gonna sleep like the sickest baby tonight mwahaha
A book review on "Stone in a Sling: A Soldier's Jourey," can be found at dailycheapreads.com
#ThingsIDislike, people who skip walking class, like wtf is so had about walking??
okay I followed you back :) thanks for following me <3
Can't stand cigarette smoke
3 minutes until LAS commencement commences
Life is breath taking but you can only take ine step at a time.
First they came for the Catholics, but I wasn't Catholic so I didn't speak up.- #WI firefighters and police unions are not secure.
I'm not sure if I believe Ryan Braun because I believe him or because I want to believe him, actually I'm not even sure I believe him
the world will be put back to normal after tonight.
ℱℴℓℓℴω - Tweets with blog posts, interesting videos and information for parents of teens and pre-teens :)
DUH! YES! RT : iced coffee yay or nay?
improv class... or rent... hm
oh yeah!
Oops! We sent that too soon! Tomorrow, Saturday, is food drive, not today!
Do the plugins each pull in jquery or are they using the copy that's already been called by the page?
I have that thermos ... And i would support you owning one as well :-) knows whats up!
Gorgeous day! Perfect for a picnic on the mall :)
sarah can you follow me please (:
guess what?? In 22 more days it's going to be my birthday! (;
Hmm, sounds interesting. Maybe I should check him out. Has he published anything recently?
Wow. Surprising. “: Greenbrier Classic issues formal press statement -- Woods has indeed committed to play the event in July.”
Q for McNulty: Did #Colo focus on national seats to the detriment of state seats? Yes, but we can build on base in 2012
Aye Snoop.I'd love to give ya some tatt work next youre out here on the east coast.Always been a fan.Stay up.I'm burnin one now.
You ready for and I Las Vegas clubs?
When i hear 'vlado' i don't think of 8 flavahz or mix'd elements, i think of the boyz.
ima text u in a bit k <3
SKC MF had a rough night - dominated by MTL
Everyone please google "do a barrel roll" ... enjoy!!!!
yeah probably the browns. Typical
what are you up to today?
Yep I was looking for a reversal, got disappointed
you're right. I've had a few *moments* today, typing up 2-year-old notes. I do really want them searchable!
Wait til the 2nd trimester.Instead of all-over color,try highlights so the chemicals have little/no contact with ur scalp.;)
to make shots? of course! to take the final one under pressure? no! tha's why you pay Lebron and Wade millions and $$$$$$$
lol you a brave one haha
Who's done forever? question this hour on www.foxsportsradio.com - LT? Warner? McNabb? Westbrook?
"Who here likes razors?" #140cuse (#dollarshaveclub)
U is for u and me...
Adding Tinker AFB to our Thursday night Bricktown Shuttle. Make a reservation for ten or more for only $15 per passenger! (405) 447-2446
Can't think of one who I'd say is having a good game. O-line is playing pretty good I guess.
I'm not weird, I'm limited edition!
checkin it out now
Maybe will go get me some taco bell... I'll buy.
As Papa Joe Chevalier used to say so eloquently, BITE ME
are you guys coming to the potluck next week?
just had shrimp and crab cakes for dinner....AMAZING
Just saw 's astonishing #inhabitation project, and am proud (always again already) for our decade-long conspiracy.
Sometimes when you see people together in pictures you instantly go into #STALKER mode wondering how did that happen.
The '#' or 'hashtag' links tweets from different people 2gether in a searchable fashion..like a list-serve thread by topic
my mom said i cant go on the cruise, ihml -.-
rather than an OS that thinks what cat needs is a couple dozen more flags?
No more egg!! I'm so legit now.
is a semi-finalist for #MassChallenge! Thanks to all who voted for us, you rock!!
enjoyed a beautiful #organic and #healthy #lunch at josie's eats with and
Playing 's Android game. Pretty fun!
We're gonna hear the new STP in the Music meeting today
If there's one thing that working for a news organization has taught me, it's that all news is depressing
Suns out, guns out.
No school tomrrow iguess imma exercise my mind another way if you know what I mean ... A lil puff puff give
Marc is the O's pitching and team that much improved or are the Yanks in a funk?
Happy #EarthDay friends! Beautiful morning here in Houston. I hear my hot air balloon buddies in Austin flew this morning. Anyone else fly?
pow bow ttaaaddddooowwww I love me a quueenn show u bitches how to be real bitches!!!!!
Manu Ginobili was there 57th pick in the draft...
Side effect of not having cheese stocked
I had forgotten about that one. I bet you just made s day haha!
My streak is at 8 ... I reread Edith Wharton and Evelyn Waugh just to break it. Even the Orange Prize list wasn't working.
First year playing Fantasy Football...used to think it was for stat nerds, still do. But, now I'm an addicted stat nerd!
Have a website custom made to fit your needs. Get a 10 page site starting at $400. This week only!
yea... Lol I need to grab one of them joints lmfaoooo 😳
her sxsw talk is a destination stop for the people who build Internet things. "look at the novice!"
I have to go to a retreat for school. Do you still need me wednesday?
I saw that last night... Still waiting for the pics.... hm?
yeah. Those XIIs were horrible. It's like JB is just releasing anything nowadays because of the hypebeasts
Life can change in a matter of seconds. Don't take it for granted.
If you're a Grizzlies fan, then Bleu is the place to be! Stop by before the game and relax w/ a cocktail! #memgrizz Go Grizz!
"We are, in a way, going back to the future...back to stories." LOVE THIS!
Looks like #beer is in order next week to disprove , thoughts ? , will be open by then?
Not a surprise, that's why I don't criticize the reffs in any of my columns. RT : Roger Goodell. Crazy, huh?
There's a little Iron Man sitting on his mommy's lap next to me
even when i don't "feel" like texting and I blow everyone else's texts off I never ignore yours. Why can't you do the same?
KU baby! As a Kansas grad I can tell you he's one of the few bright spots to ever come out of Lawrence.
Trying to book the Texas State Fair today!
Happy Tuesday Twitter friends!
You know, I pass there every day and still see most dogs running on the grass off leash.
Whenever there's silence in a room full of people, I just can't refrain from starting to sing, "I can feel it coming in the air tonight..."
For those who asked, Eliot's bathtub was only going for $700! A steal!
RT : Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect. That is true...
Is it normal to cry for no reason?
Everthing seems to fall apart when you try to take control, but when you let go, it all seems to fall back into place.
actions are right to the extent that they promote the greatest happiness of the greatest number!!! What am I? Ethics study tweet
Hope you're managing okay. *hugs* Bright side, you can always use the time exercising your mental/emotional/spiritual self
THKS! RT Just ordered 2 cases of my favorite Check out their website for product info, you'll be glad you did!
You should take my name off.
I hate havin typos in my tweets
imagine college without aderall? #💊
By a lucky stroke, I actually get to prepare for class today!
RT : Heading to the study,work, & volunteer abroad fair at Tate! Ill be working the booth so come visit me!!
Late season blight in my tomatoes last year. Will normal crop rotation handle it or should I dump the soil in the YW bin?
Gotta make some decisions
do you think your better off alone ?
The Ny giants have to play more defense
Thanks to everyone who came out to see us perform The Wall last night! And thanks to Ella's Pizza for hosting an awesome reception!
is sleeping hard in 6th period! Haha 😉💤💤
Indeed. Get those creative juices fermenting ;)
Paul Tulane is from New Jersey.There is a Tulane street in Princeton.That's the connection.
So like a month ago she told me she's a senior & is 17 & now she tells this guy she's a sophmore & is 15... Ok
then I hope you feel better:)
please #TweetMeCody it will be like a dream Come True
“: According to WSBT-TV, police using a bullhorn are referring to the man in the house as "Corwin."”
DAM IM THROWED.....
sure thing. Tomorrow ? Drinks after work? We owe ya birthday drinks!
Were always accepting sponsorship applications!
KU that's just backwards
If you were able to register, then that means you're getting passes!
We've been cultivating this SolStar sound for well over a year now.
working on music!!! whats the best way to spread the word on my music? the more listeners the better!!
BTW if that raggedy ass bitch you left with last time is there have fun looking at her ugly ass when she gets knocked up again at 21.
#HART Dan Grabauskas = #EPICFAIL We need to
Just thinking about some of the guys I've dated...... TF WAS I THINKING!
Agreed. Talking about teens as a scary separate species doesn't help relations. Teens are people, too!
Filming and recording the live show at Lucid Jazz Lounge in Seattle this Friday night. Might actually get a few decent videos for U-Tube.
#celtics vs #76ers game was like a good undercard match on fight night: entertaining, but lets get to the main event
imy too lol. Nothing just working, how about u?
Waiting to move my couch. Enjoying a Great Divide Claymore Scotch Ale. Caramel and malt. Amazing.
#DASER Comfort "an austere game has few rules, but many possibilities... it maximizes strategy."
Only in NY: I arrive for bkfst day 1 at Cookshop & find and David Resnicow at table next door. Separated at birth?...
First field trip today to a maze and pumpkin patch. Forgot to bring the pumpkin home.
Having tried it, I will still take 36mm microfiche and a hand crank for newspapers. You learn the tone of the paper.
The real deal. Dance party for the ages!
RT : Your move, Mitt.
it was nice meeting you today. Thanks again for your help in setting up the mtg with Secy Sebelius!
I guess getting a haircut! Its super long.
Yes, let's discuss offline. Looking forward to receiving your email.
That would have been a nice touch, especially since they were already fonting the horses' names.
Ysleta high school is nice o.o
just one week but last October did the 3 week, lost 20 and have kept it off by wgoodfoods -no dairy/wheat Feel great & just love the grub!!
Under the Mistletoe with you. <3
": #Sagittarius are adventurous, spontaneous, reliable, fashionable, trustworthy and empathetic."
fall is beautiful!... though some trees give off an intense "b.o." smell, most trees smell like love. with in fillys phall
RT IF YOU JUST WATCHED THE BEST ICARLY EVER
#MUSICREVIEWS I thought Tu Fawning's first album 'Hearts On Hold' was one of the most atmospheric albums of 2010 and it looks as though t
I was introduced to my best friend, and she hated me at first.Theres been a lot of up an downs but she'll always be my sister.
common vs drake ?
It's National Chocolate Chip Day. I think it should be National Chocolate Chip Month!
How much better would that be if it was Qdoba chips and queso?
I had the distraction of a work dinner but now it's sinking in.
Of course!!!
creepy is correct. If you want to follow someone you should have to do the work. It's not bringing money in
#FF funny inpsiring coffee-addicted writers
The next two weekends are going to be pretty awesome.
I totally agree!! I'd say poor formatting can cause a resume to be #passed --Yup- be careful w/formatting too!
...and they didn't just win, they scored more runs on them, then any other team has this year. Unreal.
On the way to Rome..yippee!!
RT : Candidates: You don't impress me with a feed of all #studentaffairs tweets. You impress me by being a well-rounded person.
That is so wonderful! What language are you planning to learn over the summer?
thanks :) we do, email with a little about your band, facebook page, etc!
You did your thing you have to show out in Miami Melo you and the entire team.
Old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read -Francis Bacon, Sr.
Spending by outside groups to influence mid-terms surpasses $445 million. Details here: bit.ly/9c9Vd1
We're looking for a working Xbox, PS3 and Wii, in order to test them as weapons on a new episode of ZGB. Any takers?
Philip ArmourTo do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult
they're checking tickets at the door
Then my best friend walked up to me and asked why I never text her and I was like well maybe if you paid attention to me I would.
I hope that learns to better connect with the audience after results. Pure craziness.
where did you guys get the clip of stern dunking over cp3
Bigot Bait
Hey, did you take a tour of UGA before you got accepted?
-would like to talk to you.
pussipo and table X madness. You?
Just when I thought I was out they pull me back in
i am bored, i dont know know what to do Lol
Booking a trip to #NAB today for the first time in years. Looking forward to it!
One hour until the Rumpus Book Club chats with Emily St John Mandel about her novel The Lola Quartet.
Thank you for the Mother's day greeting. I was sick as a dog. I still ahvent seen you or
RT : Q2- yes, I love when my husband ask for my input regarding work situations and my opinion on them> do you tell him?
What an amazing episode of Mad Men! Thanks, MW!
So nice to be at a #dpla event in person and not following tweets or a recap!
I now want to meet Uncle Joe
I had to do a project on Great Britain and i thought of One Direction the whole time
#20ThingsAboutMe 15) my favorite colors are blue,purple, and green! 16) i want an iphone SO bad. 17) i tend to make friends easily.
I'm back in Michigan for a couple of weeks before we start summer ball at ODU and I haven't touched a barbell in almost a week :(
Mama. I swallowed my reading lesson and it came out of my butt and it has poop on it so we can't do it. Ok?!
The #Muller Company of #Riverside, CA is #noticed on $363.25m #debt with Collateral includes 4 properties in #Maricopa County.
:) it's always when u least expect it! RT : Waiting for my accident :-)
Beyond Angry for their horrible services this morning. Just awful how they screw loyal customers.
Ameba is on the hunt for freelance designers! Email your portfolio to if you've got what it takes!
Interesting weekend of gigging, if nothing else. The Hendrix thing on Saturday was pretty sweet. Playing in Hammond, IN on Tuesday!
do you want a medal for australia day?
ahh, not exactly a coffee mecca (I lived near Cincinnati mid-90s). Any shops nearby we should call?
Me= happy seeing you in countdown mode...again! XO
you seem really cool :)
Arctica looks great! Would you recommend it for an e-commerce page? I'm totally loving it!
Listening a great song of great group #bep love ya #swagg ♥
#sotrue RT : #SpammingYourResumeSays "I believe spamming is a good thing. So much that I even do it myself."
Thinks she is not going to make it back in time for the office...bus is broken...why is it always the ss bus?
Online and Mobile Buying Trends Continue to Rise in First-Quarter, Reports IBM
Oh, you look so beautiful tonight...
: "Dude FRONTLINE is AWESOME"
Heck yes I can! My favorite pizza joint here in Sac, Hot Italian, has a Dyson Airblade in the bathroom. I luv it.
If you picked ten random people in the US, Jen would know more about baseball than all of them combined.
I love forced fun!! RT : Forced Staycation in Waiks. Inconvenient, but kinda fun.
In line to have Lisa Ling sign my copy of Somewhere Inside!
Hiya pal! We just got here too! *ding, dong!*
Stuck in the car with someone who will not shut up. you feel my pain.
Mifft lets you give feedback directly to businesses; Don't get mad get
yeah! You'll have to tell me which apt #
RT : If can run a now billion dollar company with 6 ppl then...
Three years ago I met in Belfast at conference. Great work in Indianapolis. Hope to grow this work
oops.. Enjoy it :)
Give me some Ty Burrell for the win! He has to work with Julie psychovomit Bowen
It was the only emoji I could think of using.:(
Appears NASCAR's Denny Hamlin's marketability in Portland is something approximating zero based on Rose Garden big screen reaction.
Ronnie Brewer has really found his niche in Denver
The power of Twitter: How I became a convert to Twitter• The teaching and education community on Twitter is trul..
pretty sweet
I love listening to the radio and tweeting :)
Thanks for following!! Everyone follow:
Happy Thanksgiving. #iamthankfulfor my friends, family, and god. #iamthankfulfor a lot of things. <3
Eww! Don't tweet me.
Cut the lights off for the
Happy New Year everyone!!!
1913 wasn't a very good year. 1913 gave us the income tax, the 16th amendment and the IRS. Ron Paul
All weekend, I shopped in the West Bottoms at !
Ps 86:17 Give me a sign of your goodness, that my enemies may see it and be put to shame, for you, LORD, have helped me and comforted me.
We hope you had a great time! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Cars holding up your commute? Welcome to LA traffic !
Editing has begun on our new short film "Barry Lumpky: Comedy Junky" - a funny throwback to 1950's educational films. Gee golly!
This morning we zip to farm to pick up tomatoes, eggplants, peppers, & other #seedlings to plant & sell. Want some?
Like my liver not last too much longer lol
RT : Um Mama will still get the water and blankets ready LOOOOOL!
Thanks for the retweets -
Thank you so much for the shout out. Glad you think TDJ is worth the visit! We definitely appreciate your support.
RT Making room reservations for SFPride2012 this week =] Start planning! :)
It's wonderful hearing from our company's leaders and lots of interesting information is being shared.
bowing can cause muscle tension, decreased synchronicity-->diplophonia. Also uni paresesis another cause.
I'm starting to think these Red Sux might just be dysfunctional enough to keep the O's from finishing last this year!
You had fun (kinda) Hush
thx for the kind words. Have a great weekend!
The #Mariners won their season opener in Japan overnight. 162-0 anyone???
Busy busy busy day on chat!
I luved talking to one of my bff after not talking to him in a long time! Luv u John!
Coworker: "Have you heard of the Chicago Reader?" Recovered from mini-stroke, tried to describe. Gave up after, "so it's like the RedEye."
#100thingsilove ; 4. guys who talk to their dogs/puppy all cute like.
What if Henry Ford had been a zeppelin enthusiast instead of a car guy?
I mean, I could come, but it'd be such a HUGE swing in my cash flow, I'd need everyone to chip $20.
Hey folks, looking to get in touch with your group. Can someone DM me contact info?
Love that!
Need to work on that shirt design and adding you back to staff ;p lol
If you are in LA, go see "The Many Mistresses of Martin Luther King" at EST/LA - my friend is part of the fantastic cast
Just now seeing this. Congrats!
your crazy if you don't see it
Go to the events section and send us your email and full name! Time to party NYC! ;)
Tim Thomas proved he found his
have fun!!!! btw I emailed you back
Me too actually. :) gave me such a fierce ribbing about PG Tips I thought I'd better respond or risk his unfollow
hi beliebers N kimmites! pleeasefollow and Kim is the most disney ever!!if u love jb selena or miley add her!
I get to go to school today (:
The awkward moment when a band thinks they sound good, but actually sound like 12 pre-teens.
THIS IS TOO DODGE YOUR ACCOMPLISH OF MY DEMEANA OF DESTRUCTION OF THE WORLD ITS NOT WORTHY OF ME IN THIS SUBJECT
MAN IAINT BEEN ON TWITTER IN A HOT MIN!! ANYWAYS WE BAK IN BINEZZ BABY!
a pleausure to meet you sir!
haha thank u :) btw I followed back
The Labels are to send for representation correct?
chillin at da flat listening to Pac
Good Morning! 2 Doctor appointments in San Angelo today! Then more grocery Shopping! :) Getting all my cooking done early for Xmas!!!
hey, stranger over there I'm really likin' that way, you whip it whip it ;)
Rule #1. Listen to the wisdom of the few people who see thousands of failures but work with some exceptional successes. RocketSpace S4
RT : Oh shit I just remembered my mom follows me on Twitter. Goddammit...
Right now leaving on Monday; but, considering a change so I can get a dinner in @ Mesa Grill...
i like those odds!
#MeWithoutYouIsLike...A pothead who's NOT high RT if true/believe to you
We now have The Music Index Online ! No more paper!!
enjoy your day Brittany, make those kiddos spoil you rotten
Right back at ya. Have a good one!
You can tell the people who been around money before..they don't trip about what another person have or doing
UGH SCHOOL IS STRESSING ME OUT. :(
understand that one hope your night is better
The heart of man plans its way, but the Lord establishes his steps. Proverbs 16:9
Tell us some more great places to eat in Waco?
The men who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed.
My doggie lost his first tooth today ^_^ #GrowinUpp (':
You are getting sleepy....very,very sleep
Am I the only one who thinks the all white Raider's look is just flat out gangster?? Lovin it...
heard good things but coachella is class, can't best these mountain ranges!
I would beat you so fast! & we don't even have that game! 
thanks for the awkward pic of us setting up
PS miss you too, PPS april, PPPS when are you coming to visit?
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. – Anonymous
Big thank you to the LA Galaxy's Sean Franklin for donating a few game jerseys!
speak english
Beautiful train ride to Ann Arbor today! Oh how Ived missed Michigan.
Come visit us!
Bored with it all, production is hard! [×_×]
Mr. steal yo girl... Mr. stuff yo girl ina sack and run away.
which one would you rather hear Warzone or Smile??? (:
I got Bob Sugar on the other line, I better hear you say it!
Editing interview for "Back of the Room"
"The compiler part that translates CUDA to LLVM IR is not open sourced... what is open-sourced is the part that translates LLVM IR to PTX."
Totally enjoying this show - RT : Made it to ATL just under the wire. About to go on at the Grocery on Home!
Im hungry guess ill order me a pizza.
Sundays- Cancun Cantina - Salsa, Bachata, Reggaeton...say Sue Elliott -sent you. Info www.baltimoresalsablog.com/sunday.html
Breaking: Elton John to perform in #Indianapolis in late-April.
Is there a location yet for this Saturday??
Should be an interesting one
Getting ready for the Spring Breakers!!!
The story of us looks alot like a tragedy now :/
Lending a hand this morning to The Gathering of Southeast WI by serving up some breakfast!
Funny!!! Betty White Off Your Rocker is a must see
can u help me i need followers
Thanks again to Fariborz Azhakh for helping us to set up the web-site rory-mac.com and rorymacmusic! Kheli mamnoon Fariborz!!
Fastest High Quality Overnight Printing in NYC at NYC Printing 123. Call now for more information at 646.833.8085 or click
been years since I've seen u!, come out to LA & shoot a music vid!
reminder slides, blog posts, etc. from Accessibility Camp DC are here. bit.ly/4iZZ2y Please send your links and slides to us.
Not the safest feeling when even the police whistle and yell at you in the street
Weak?! Our Governor can beat your Governor.. oh wait Jesse's out of office. and we have Pawlenty. Crap, I guess we are wienies.
Happy 24th Birthday to a beautiful little lady named see you tonight!
