me too, and I'm still in NY waiting for my ride to pick me up. grrrrrr
I had me some fun last night... 😁
Woke up this morning and my mom wasn't here...she still isn't here. She's somewhere in the US for God knows how long.
#NeverTrust a hot boy with light eyes
Caron Butler will be out 4-6 weeks after fracturing his left hand Sunday night vs Grizzlies.
I have slept for four of the past 48 hours, and I am writing about ontology.
Hey man! Glad U found me. I checked out RantRally. I couldn't create a login. Have U been experiencing problems?
"To love is nothing.To be loved is something. To love & be loved is everything. I am nothing, you’re something so let me be your everything"
You might be the nicest thing I've ever seen.
No you didn't!
"Don't look at the banana" first thing they do is look at the banana
Hi there. An e-mail was sent to the admin e-mail. Can you please verify if it was received? Thank you.
Society attacks early, when the individual is helpless. -B F Skinner
Are they going on sale today for the presale? x
3yo girl next to me at the grocery store making up her own Spiderman songs. <3
who you got in the 6th at belmont
Thanks for sharing that!
Jammin to Aaliyah in the car by myself I probably look like a loser right now
Another great day on the planet!
Hitting the sheets! Got to be up early for work. Sucks sleeping alone wish I could share this big ass bed with someone.. Night yall!
does things, questions why he does things, does things again. It would help if i stopped that middle part I bet.
I take it you finally got to the good parts. :)
how hard was it 4 u 2 switch record labels early in ur career not knowing what would happen?? I'm in the same boat, I need advice!!
so nice out! wearing just a t-shirt :)
welcome, and she does get them told me she did YIPEEEEEE
Payback for the charging call in Columbia. You're right, the refs shouldn't have been involved, Mizzou was up by 19!
what about that blue?!
RT - been casually following my Cleveland Indians, keeping head level at their start, but Choo's broken thumb may dera...
looking to follow all things Philly. suggestions welcome!
Hello! Liking your album
I just did that to the floor/my foot, with room temp coffee.
You can also follow my work accounts and if interested.
Gutsy performance by John Lester. That's what we needed from our ace! Way to go, Lester & #RedSox!
Thanks for listening! And yes....thanks for Vinny ;)
Tiger wins tomorrow for sure
Keep up with what’s going on in sports by following
I didn't even know SMU is in the big east. How far has that conference fallen?
AKA i'm drunk and watching reruns of america's next top model and all she does is tell people to smile with their eyes.
Missed more than half of #99conf because of a migraine. May or may not be shedding frustrated tears in my hotel room.
ism my phone died
How cool would it be if he suited up for the #bills in 4 years! He got the size!
Bedtime! Mom and Dad, we promise to be good tonight!
If I had a rooster and you had a donkey and your donkey ate my rooster. What would you have? 2 feet of my cock in your ass.
Because if it doesn't, i'm just going to cut all of it off.
welcome to 2007...next you know, you'll be drinking the kool-aid and buying a Mac.
Today I learned that Senator Joseph McCarthy was addicted to Morphine, and got special dispensation to fill prescriptions.
hell my grandma use to tell me this if someone picking wit u, u better whup there ass or dont being u ass home lol
Follow back me Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating ;P
Congrats for launching new #NPR music app. It's fabulous. You rock.
2. Paradox = a statement or proposition that leads to a conclusion that seems senseless
Thanks for the follow back, hope to tweet sometime.
i'll take one if you still have any!
How am I even functioning right now??
Hey I heard you like them wild ones ;) <3
Dd you like being blonde?
I have a few vids jus some freestyle foolin around wit my buddies at school nothin pro. on my FB www.facebook.com/FLORDIABOI
My mind is telling me no!! But my body, my body is telling me YES!
fucking awesome dude! Congrats! How about a duet with next week?! Watchtower?!
"Seven days without laughter makes one weak." - Mort Walker (thx Ron Sims)
Drinking myself into a coma ha ha
oh yes we took a long walk to the park feels so good to be able to go outside and not freeze :)(:
: That moment when you hear someone call your bestfriend their bestfriend and you're like..... No. 😃
Well, I refuse to retract my appreciation!
Do you decorate wth Native American pottery? Which piece in your home is your favorite?
No single or sudden reason. Have gained tremendously from time to think, explore changes outside newsrooms affecting journalism.
The problem is not Santo or his supporters. It's Romney.": Romney is lucky that Santorum supporters will not hold against
Fuck Wit Me Like Ya Stuck Wit Me
Granted, I haven't heard the album, it could suck, but he confesses to not totally getting Fela, Sun Ra and Funkadelic, which to me = dork.
You are a man among men in a world of no men.
No school today, grey weather and math exam on monday! social weekend!
One of my all-time favorite EV entries. He also wrote sci-fi. Again, true story.
no. Only here
Follow him .This kid is amazing!
s/o to Katy since it's her birthday <3
One of my favorite places to get photoshop brushes is on brusheezy.com.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YA HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YA HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YA!!! HW A NICE DAY
You rock. Thank you. I appreciate your kindness.
Sneakers and Release date apps are much needed.
IDEA for a show. X-Files 2050. Agent Mulder and Dana Scully's kids are now hot shot FBI agents in a stranger world with higher stakes!
your the business! I so aspire to perform with you one day!
Session: "Collabo & digressing in the margins: Digital tools for Collabo" --------> about to start...
Happy Birthday to my love Zack. Don't know what I would do without him<3
Are mediocre sitcoms a replacement for actual "Friends"? Is this a case of "Arrested Development" or just "Growing Pains"?
It's funny because when I played (granted, only high school) the OF was the safest place during BP….
Instagrille for the PC >>>
bumping that LostKen music before i go to school
“: Band Aids are racist” I JUST said that last week!
Congrats to TW Fanning on winning the 15u division championship of the La Crosse Spring Fling!
Finally feeling a little better today, with the girlfriend and the bestfriend later today
Get the <A href=/link/feed_love.html>Love Quote of the Day</A> for your site or Blog - it's easy.
Wag More Bark Less > Seen on a bumper sticker at Cameron Village
they are at the air show in La Verne:)
well done!
When you have sex with someone for the first time, do you feel you are making an implicit commitment even if nothing is stated?
Duh, you know women signed the Declaration of Independence. I know because I was there. I should work for Santorum, huh?
dude that's so creepy. Thats the exact situation I'm in right now. Haha.
You bet! Wetzel Brothers will be exhibiting!! Looking forward to it!!
I wish my hair would grow three inches overnight...
pretty sure and 100% Bristol City and Leicester. COYI's! We have to get behind the team and the manager. Together we'll do it!
Iz The Sky Full Of Lighterz!?!
maybe will show up for basketball and #mondayfunday tonight bc i haven't seen her face in FOREVER!!! hint hint ;)
I hope you're not holding your breath. Like Limbaugh, he's an "entertainer" and is immune to common fucking decency.
how am i mad at a dead dude...if anything he mad at me for being alive lbvs
Ah, i just can't go to sleep Cause it feels like I've fallen for you It's getting way too deep And i know that it's love
An interview w/ Crispin Glover turned my visit to the Museum of Jurassic Tech during #mla11 into a tour of Crispin's brain.
TWO WEEKS!!!
Bought my nxgga some Doughpe so much it came with a boat. 🍚⛵
#TEDxUofW people. Humor. It feels good to laugh.
Most Shit Just Dont Get My Dick Hard No More - just money, love and world peace lol
lol my bad
I was in Baltimore the day Discovery flew in to DC... I wish I had known, or I'd have lingered.
I need something to put in my hair so it will get straight
What happened? You're so close to finishing. Don't quit!!
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable
Sounds great! Come by our cart and try a Cuban & Cake Ball just mention the tweets and we will give you a discount!
Tailgating people is wrong in general... but people who tailgate motorcycles aggravate me. We already have enough danger.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Best Wishes!!!
Is at the Jefferson Jackson dinner at the Vancouver Hilton.
RT Concordia vs. UWM in Lakefront Marathon Claws vs. Paws challenge.
haha! My Twitter theory is you need to create a crowd to be able to see who stands out! I follow 25,000+ people on 12 Twitters
Fur details are all over Son Jung Wan's light and luxe fall collection. Looks for pops of muted jewel tones -on men too! And sequins galore!
are you an INFP by chance?
If a glass cup has no "life".... Well that's what they say.
Waiting for the rapid #NP currensy
Thank you for the RTs and mentions!
I hope Saturday = more fun than this one @ the fire house watching white house cor. Dinner
I sent you an text dis you get them
Yeah, it was a really good day! Yeah, she has always liked him the best. How are you?
Funny...this week has been ok. Including Father's Day.
#youknowbetter .. you should be following .. booyah!
Really? You didn't want to ask me this? You know I could have given you a dozen names. cc:
Razorbacks already suck again, no coach.
I ask for a mcdouble and get a mcchicken........ What the fuck!
at the sign in they asked me for my camp name. I don't even have one! No one asked me for one! Wah i feel like I don't belong
The Founding Fathers of the golden age of ska are passing on. Today, we lost Lloyd Brevett, bassist and co-founder of the :(
thank you
Volunteer training 4 #sdp2p going on right now! Grt group & they r raring 2 serve u at paths. 1 week to go!
favorite dytopian YA books? Me, I think The Maze Runner Trilogy!
Want to know the exhibit hours for ?
At the local watering hole, six TVs on NYR-OTT. Other one has on MLB. #Sixers ? No where to be found.
I love how disney movies don't lose any appeal as you grow up. Lion King still fucks me up just as much if not more now that I'm older
If you don't know by now, im talkin bout Chi-Town!
Wow, that's how you deal with people? Shun them as soon as they do something you're not okay with, instead of helping them. Nice.
CONTEST: The first five callers with the password "Bug Money" win a pair of tickets to Friday's 8pm show 415-397-7573
without fail always has me giggling!
S/o to my dude keep grinding my dude!!
what was it about?
Just ordered "Programming Pig" e-book from O'Reilly -- on sale this weekend!
it really is but I like being away from everything for a while...anyways I haven't heard from you in forever! how ya been?
- thanks and happy weekend!
Looking for a Pintrest invitation. I'd like one. Thanks
thank you! Coming from you that's a real compliment! :)
Guess who doesnt have a dad? So guess whos off the hook and doesnt have to do anything on this particular day? Muah!
Happy "Franksgiving" and safe travels from your friends at Acme Hotdogs!
Make sure NANNA WHO BOO you remind the world that GOD lives in our HEARTS, MIND, and SOUL he continues to TEACH US. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
My best birthday gift? #RedSox tickets that ended up being Jon Lester's No Hitter
Water park at Disney all day.
Took a quick run around the neighborhood before it got pitch black outside. Felt nice to move and get all that frustration out.
Hope you have a great Patriots Day!
Women were put on this earth to be homemakers
LL Cool J was the shit back in the day with that #DoinIt &
that's nice -____-
An ounce of loyalty is worth a pound of cleverness.-Elbert Hubbard
Might not hurt him either.
I took a great line from your blog and used it as theRT lead-in. Think it's more fun. Then again, I'm just another writer.
Haven't tweeted in a while. Making my way down town to check out the new office....incredibly hung over. Koolbeans
Your mom is the BEST.
We released an update 4 SoundGarage Mobile (Free and Paid) versions.Feel free to update & let us knw of issues
Huh???? RT : Joes everyone Monday night going i hope Great
Gotta say, it feels good to put socks on for a change
you should go to my follow button ;)
lmao i know the exact feeling
Oh my! I hope you haven't forgotten to drink your water?
What are your favorite art-related podcasts? I'd love some new ones to add to my roster.
it's hotter than africa in my room!!
Very nice! RT The Living Blood, my favorite of that trilogy. I had nvr met anybody that read ur books before. <3
This is movie watching weather
Beetles are eating the turnip greens, Swiss chard is covered in army worms, aphids already have parasites. Welcome to Spring!
It's you! Thanks for attending the New Mix event and the mention!
the moon looks insane.
PeekAnalytics is focused on audience validation -- demographics and psychographics.
Love is ALL we need!!
Overheard "who needs a bloody Mary when you have "
looks like itunes song previews are longer on phone than computer. Snazzy.
This funeral is killing me!
I have the best friends ever. A big thanks to all who came last night to help me celebrate 5 years cancer free! Xoxo
I feel today is going to be a good day :D
Debut party soon!
a caterpillar fell on my dad 3 times last summer.
With a smile like that, I gotta flirt. Girl, you just look like you got off work. Huh.. huh... huh...
will appear live on in 45 minutes! Don't forget to tune in!
thanks! I might pass out soon!
double it.
the other day I bought 3 magazines and took out posters of you and im putting them on my wall!!! :)
Working on my strip club song. I'ma release it later on and possibly Have the F.Y.F. (featuring Yung PrYce) available too.
ok just checking.
Tanning with ashleee(:
#winning RT I used to go to class in a Google Doodle. Booyah. MT Meredith Hall is on the Google homepage today
sure. When do you wanna pick me up?
Gotta be one of the worst roads for accidents on P.E.I.
Is it Writer Wednesday? I used to train 's newsletter to go straight to INBOX. That's high praise.
Adorable pic of you girls!
Hangin' in the gayborhood in Philly? Come to voyeur, I'm spinning on the main floor.
Hey Wauwatosa! Tell us your favorite restaurants!
do u have details?
lol i know im dumb, cuz im dumb enough to miss you ;-)
oh....launch codes?
No Bill Ward, no Black Sabbath. No Black Sabbath, no peace. Know Black Sabbath, know peace. Or something.
Current UW golfer Thomas Welk and former La Follette golfer Max Hosking were amongst those in the playoff who missed out on the final spot.
ask for previous work, see if they have any testimonials or other clients you can talk to first
Now writing an AT curriculum for workforce training-So busy I never get to do more than read tweets so thanks for all u active tweeters!
I like the idea... especially if I had more than 7 columns, but what about adding the drop down and still keeping the arrows?
I just notice that I texted her 3 times and she haven't text back in bout to delete her shit
he was fucking Courtney Cox?!? residuals....residuals in oh so many ways.
Back in Boston tonight, LET'S GO CELTICS
That was one of my top reasons I loved working there. And they play songs from Suddenly Yours!
#userfocus is finding that lack of governance plan is #1 derailer of effective govt content.
Right. I guess it's helpful to spread them out throughout the year, then? ^AW
My mood right now <<
Whoever thought up DST should be strung up by their toenails. Dumbest. Idea. Ever.
Ugh I need to go back to sleep, screw these 8am classes -_-
thank u!
Finals were done yesterday girlie! Waiting on grades and $$$
God makes you go through the bad to realize when you have something good. That way you'll never let it go.
This band of junkies is singlehandedly proving that WWE's wellness policy is a joke.
great to meet at today. I think I'll hafta get him to teach me how to skateboard. he's a skateboard commuter. rad
Our thoughts and prayers go out to Robbie, thanks for the heads up
Lately, I've just stopped caring. About everything. It sucks a little but it feels like a weight is off my shoulders.
Bonus points goes to if she can spot the Dollhouse cameo in #Avengers on Sunday
Of course McGinn will see it and hold a press conference about the smoke emissions from burning effigies impacting bicyclists.
I don't eat everybody's food
It took me awhile to get into If on a winter's night a traveler, but it's become a really good companion for sunburn induced insomnia
Its a girl ;)
im a fan of yours & been following you for over 2 years . Can you please follow me back ?
The html ampersand character code has an ampersand in it.
has broke up with ?
I asked you this before but couldn't remember what you said--what's your preferred program for cataloging your home library?
My Nigga Drew
God is so faithful!
we are more than willing to accept the donation of a Herald house
RT #Leo motto: I dont got time for wimps or pussys. Be strong or go home!
Jokes about your armor having dents.... not funny!
I DID of course...Love the rain! RT : DO IT!
you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough.
So apparently I was stripped of my privilege of wearing just boxers around the house because of
thanks for supporting Treehouse, see you there!
#soloshoutout to a beautiful .... what's up?
Thanks for tuning in peeps! Another banger straight w anger!! :) i appreciate yas! Show still growing thanks for da love!!
My I phone has returned :)
I mean Damn.. Make Me Feel Ugly AF.. THE PIC WASNT THAT DAMN OLD!
Make sure your portfolio reflects the position you are shooting for, not just the position you have.
All I can do is leave it in God's hands and hope that my fans feel where I'm coming from. - Aaliyah
You're way too kind to IE.
Shout out to Ms. Serona Elton for being a good mentor
when we don't answer your calls And if you got a problem come and find us, we can talk about it What's good young hoe? You about it?
Ah candlebox I loved "you"
join the street team to get a sneak preview of the upcoming record
some people should learn how to spell. not to be mean, but mispelling a word in every sentence you type, and to be in the 9th grade..
follow my the best auto repair in the south east
I'd better shut up. I don't want anyone to Macmillan my books...
Now its Tebo Time in New York
RT I like to retweet myself.
Is it rookie night in the Georgia Dome tonight.? Williams and Green? #Packers What the he'll is going on out there?
"one day, i tweeted justin 100 times..." HAHAHA! girl, ive tweeted him 1000 times.
aim tonight?
It's false advertising
Seems and are both playing Lilith Fair this year. Really hoping both will be in Atlanta. Cross fingers.
HA STOP u made me BlusH lmfao
#69Factsaboutme 63. I hate country music.
All will be well soon enough. Thank you.
Why on earth people believe this guy is beyond me.
He was great in front of their coaches last week in Vegas! “: Princeton has offered 2013 Hunter Myers of Nevada Wolverines
Oh let them think what they want. They need a drama in their lives and All My Children went off air...
Sustainability Insight » The Kickstarter For Solar Could Make You ...
Own a business in Chicago? Are you looking for awareness in Q1? DM us today... we're offering discounts on many of our units through Jan!
Morning Ladies! Knock their socks off Will be Peekn when can!
Heading out soon to meet up with , , & Can't wait!
Remember: Heads in beds! :)
Don't worry if Microsoft buys Adobe all problems will magically be solved!!!!
I actually think Kroy is kinda cute
I'm in the same situation! Guess its to reduce robot or other xcessive/inapp following but a pain:(
Fo sho! RT : A4 If culture is neglected, why does it matter? Leaders have abandoned ship, the employees will follow
So tired of academics of urban violence that treat it as a 'thing' generated by the poor totally blinded of states' violent war on the poor!
That was pretty cool that he thanked his dog sitter. :)
That FAIL momment when some one tells you "happy birthday" and you respond with "Thanks, you too" Lmfao xD
Winding down the workday with 09 Dujac Morey St Denis. Absolutely delicious! 2009 Village #Burgundy is off the charts tasty!
RT : Life isn't about finding YOURSELF..life is about creating yourself. ~ Unknown
Before Everyone goes out tonight, or goes to sleep, stop by my clothing line store and check it out! Http://Hyebyeclothing.com
I like Harry's smile! I like Liam's hair! I dunno What I like about Zayn! Niall is cute! I like Louis's eyes! 💙💜💚💛 -Maria
November 20th - Little Haiti Cultural Center - Global Youth Day celebration ~ Waves of Wonder ~
Wow so much to celebrate! Columbus discovered America, Al Gore created the internet & Occupy Wall Street protestors have a high IQ.
I love Hollywood Undead o:
No, I had to cancel my trip. I will be in Winston for July 4th and the weekend before. Sorry.
you scare me when you go hey
yeah great movie
are you one of those 'bots'?
Another beautiful San Diego morning! Enjoy your day :)
Don't agree with TFoH assessment, but I feel the same way about books 7-9.
haha yeah and tupac's gonna play mr. freeze
he's good I miss in a lot tho I'm moved back to Texas for a lil bite
#Snoop should do a song with #ArethaFranklin. He's doing his R&B thing real big right now.
Colorado weather in April.
Like a BOSS ---->RT : BOUT TO DO THIS UPHILL RUN
I think Thursday stole Monday's pants.
"Um, you know, like, um, like, you know what I'm saying," says the kid. My reply, "No. I have no idea what any of you are saying."
MDA Fill the Boot Kick-Off Tonight RUMRZ CAFE & GRILL. Starting at 6pm!
I so remember her!!
Q:Any other species started moving into your community? #undesirables? A:ugh, coral, coral, coral. #communists Also: mexicans.
nice to meet you. DM me your email address?
Funny shirks from valid criticism of Judd is box office gold in Hollywood. Stern judges crappy talent contest.
Keeping fingers crossed that the hard drive can b fixed & our photoshoot was not lost
For just $4.95, win big at your newsstand today: April has great story re 's #YearofBoulevard!
.gotta do mah nails. hm, what color? [=
Boston cops arrest peaceful #occupyboston protesters, ban media. Shame on Boston. Shame on the Boston PD. Shame on
quite possibly the most realistic bobble head of all time. Solid.
That aint right
Things will get better.
Haha, I didn't see that one coming...I should have, but I didn't.
Cuddling with a pillow wishing it were a person
you put me in the wrong category
right now
danny what are you talking about
Great people, great writers.
I am getting ready for school to start on Monday. I am so excited, reading course information and getting myself organized.
I'm watching gulls flying over the lake. I think I saw some kind of scoter earlier, but it was too far away to tell for sure.
Haha no problem! Was well worth the scaly itchyness and glad you guys had an awesome Senior night! And oh p.s..25 Likes now ;D
Take unlimited mat pilates, beginner, intermediate, advanced yoga & cardiocore group classes for $79 a month @ East Village body Shop!
hey! that tweet was for me, right? haha everything's great :) how are you?
If you just want bottles, try CVS at Mill and University. The cheap beer places I knew when I was in school are gone now.
Still early and it is the A's anemic offense but could this be the turning point for Buchholz?
It's not a good idea to merge the #Chulavista planning commission and design review board. I've served on both, and they do different things
Brad is deaf. So, pretty deft.
Weren't you supposed to buy it?
Anybody else get miffed when the server rounds your change DOWN instead of UP and shortchanges you?
New track finna b crazy
after watching OSU lose in the final four...do you ever wish you would have went to college?
Mine too. It's possible, but effective? Not always.
watching the 50K PPC. Tsarrast definitely a stone cold Cuz.
Retiring from the all-day media blitz of Ted Kennedy reminiscences and accolades.
Hi Kelly!:]
can't wait to see you tomorrow night!
Teens should be protected from the fear of backlash if they slip into heresy exploring the mystery of God. Doesnt mean heresy goes unaddresd
$7 for ticket to X-Men: First Class and $4 for an ICEE, which is the better value? Answer: The Polar Bear wins.
Holding Out For A Hero covered by Ella Mae Bowen. I cry every time... I know how you feel..
Does anyone at the Vets Hall understand that Justin Bond is singing Fleetwood Mac?
Love Headcheese but want to change up your serving routine? Try it sliced with beets. It's delicious!
APPRECIATE IT YO.
As I was telling -- another top fantasy-football guy, a real ace -- PFW's Dan Arkush is an all-star fantasy-football drafter
If a woman allows me to bang her with no condom that tells me she is reckless or just frantic to fuck a hell of a guy like me
and college sports promotes the attitude that the athlete leaving early hurts the sport, cuz it hurts their pockets.
Rest in Peace Gary Carter. Thanks for 86.
Honey Smacks and Ben 10!
LOVE Donor's Forum! Thanks for the follow and for supporting Illinois Non-Profits! :)
Just saw a tabloid headline "How Jen stole her man." I hope she did it Fast 5 style and dragged him down the street chained behind her car.
Woo! Facetime for !
next time when she is here we can make a hot party :D
Work twitter doesn't follow me tho
My boxer has the smelliest gas...... Just a lil FYI
#WhenImAlone and I hear a sound I lock myself in my room and listen to music for hours.
Thanks for the RT
Ohmygod Rebecca Black has a new song!
Breaking: With #Facebook acquisition of #Instagram, hipster universe officially implodes.
Couple hours left before I get to go home, but the work never ends
Got a free book outside of classes today! Off to the trash it goes.....jk but forreals
amen. Can only dream
lmao that's not an explanation...
*Squee!* RT It is official--I have begun working on A Memory of Light, 14th and final book of the Wheel of Time.
Im glad that people think a semester of a class is enough to know all about tech theatre….
at 40 degrees i'm not sure your stand mixer can do a good job creaming it.... a little warmer but still cool
Prepping for 's first regional meetup at - is speaking on Startup Landscape. Come out #Baltimore!
tickets are still available
Benadryl is about to knock me out. ✌💤💤
so very inspired by your daily quotes
Great work on the new Casey Veggies.
those are the best
#writing today? it is as easy as staring at the sun with you in the cold …only because it is delightful
enjoy your asterisk championship this year
Rip advanced pe
What happened to #SanJose today? Extremely FLAT! The #Nucks were on FIYA!
Are you at #ArtvsCraft? Stop into watts before you leave. Three blocks west on Mason and Jefferson.
If there's more space, I'm only at 7 leagues this year, still have room for more.
My failed a safety inspection due to improper lettering and not having 210ft of anchor line. I am going back to Tennessee!
Fatt Wallet (FWA) ask if you would participate in a tee "trade in" program? Your gently used tee for $$ off a new Fatt Wallet Apparel tee?
why are we so hxc
Ask about our new LumaFirm facial! Introductory special $69! Originally $95
Love the new sparkling flight at !
The question is, who will be the first to get that tattoo on their body?
honey cocaine schwagg :)
"Nerdcore Rising." It was really good.
Just submitted my first blog post on social media to -- I'll let you know when it's live [3 tips to build you social network]
Got my clear braces fully in today. IT HURTS LIKE A BITCH! haha I gues it truly does hurt 2 become good looking. Boy I'm Luv'n da painkilr's
A handsome young from new york please :)
Yo, someone hire me. I'm good at a lot of things.
In this the love of God was manifested toward us,that God has sent His only begotten Son in2 the world,that we might live through Him.1Jn4:9
pretty much on the other side of the country :/ I live in Spring Hill, Florida
#20thingsaboutme I have an amazing, and diverse family.
#Lt except when she's mad...lol
Have a Beautiful Day!
You've got it!
Not smack. Just pointing out a fact.
Good luck to you guys!
Shoutout to for sending me a birthday razor when it was needed, you guys rock
yeah, we have over 800 peeps though....took me awhile, think i missed people, shoulda done several lists, probably have to go back
TRAFFIC: Hwy 12 @ Hwy AB - police say they are stepping up patrols of the construction zone because people are speeding thru it.
lol I bet! Mine gets a little sketchy past 90 cause I haven't really added those bars n shit but I just want another car
Getting ready for Inn Group meeting. We have a GREAT group and will be sharing ideas about how to use Twitter effectively in our businesses
good question. I must admit. I LOVED the hardware on both the S II, Nexus and Razr. I did not care for the OS, the experience.
The Shit is
Child is sick & has digressed to baby days.... Ah reminds me of ex-boyfriends lol
Good times!
you ,Jayy, Dahvie are the kids everyone wishes they had%<3 I love you<3
cz said Dave Nav wasnt w Chili Peppers. Said it was Dave G. I said dG was w Nirvana, foo/ small bands including queens of stone age
interviews via skype are better than phone but still strange. Where do I look/my hair is awful/those bags under my eyes...
You are at 700?? isn't that your goal...while mine is 800?
following back! :D
Busy day. Two conferences. University of Florida Real Estate Board and ICSC West Florida
we are! we are!
Text me Jo!! and whatever it is, I'm so sorry and stay strong<3
I had a friend tell me he appricates me and then a week leter tell me to kick rocks...
I read you're back in LA. That means you're not in Miami anymore. That means I'm not able to meet you anymore. </3
Sometimes I sit and run scenarios through my mind of how life would be if we were together.
while I can't attend #fsi2012 in person this yr, glad staff will accompany #NIU faculty
What are some of the weirdest, craziest things your co-workers have done...Share your stories with us!! We'll share them on air at 6am!!
TY! RT : Really great #Momovation Co.s to to follow:
“Life is like an ocean. It can be calm and still or rough and rigid. But in the end it’s always beautiful.”
I think it would do me a lot of good, if my hand met your face....
you suck .. Smh
New statement from Tom Hecht's family on #WISN12 News This Morning.
did you see Derek Thompson on this? Loss was 4x alleged cost of Dodd Frank.
Girls from Seattle are hilarious.
Paying attention is the toll we pay for happiness, success and love. Seems like a wise investment.
RT : can't wait to eat you tomorrow after the Cinco de Mayo race!
Got off to a rocky start this morn, so hearing "great job on the event" from my ED w/i 5 min of walking into work was MUCH appreciated. :)
capitalism, sexism, racism, neocolonialism, homophobia, technoscience, sighing at the weight of it all
love my shirts... Perhaps a women's fit in the future?
Make finley watch a tape of that catch.
I'm back in civilization from Banner/El Reno y'all
A lot of parallels to College Football in underpaid UFC story. Paid only enough to live while taking serious risks to health.
shimmey shimmey coco puff listen to me now...light it up and take a puff, pass it to me nowww.
This song is stuck in my head... **rapping** "IBT☑ up up up up up up"
I want to remove that tacky glitter eyeliner!
First day of #brunch today! First 30 bunching customers receive FREE mimosas! #BallparkNeighborhood 10a-3p
feeling cozy under my blanket on the grass watching the boston pops at tanglewood...
Talking with Jenni about the Dodgeball tournament on Sunday for the elementary! It's gonna rock! Be sure and have your kids invite friends!
been with canon from the start.
you must have done something to upset the twitter gods - I just realized that somehow I stopped following you "automagically"
and manufacturing processes. CADD output is often in the form
With the Bucks (107-111) lost to the Knicks last night is their playoff hopes over?
Thanks! Look forward to reading your Tweets.
Oh boy, what would Blake Griffin do if he was Lew Alcindor when dunks were illegal?
Niggas go to da club to find something to Fuck.. ..if u know like I know. ..u might be wanting to be go home and sex ur self !
I really think its time for a change, I need to become a better person. I am gonna start over. now.
I was rushing too much at the time to say but your encouragement helped me a lot. :)
Hola! I have a meeting off-site that I need to leave for at 3 p.m. We could do b/n 1-3 or 4-6. Up to you! Just lemme know?
“: So cold in this building....might pick Ben Lamay to take the win tonight” Alaska represent!!!
I see that at least someone at Business Insider ignores science and believes in the AGW religion. The "scary temperature map" in 2070 (hah).
Extremely unsettling dream
yea more like defensive pressure. They've been breathing down his neck all game
Consider my bubble busted :(
i heard that, when you coming thru for you annual check in
Thinking about life while this loud and crazy music is playing...
Having Snickers around is super useful. Like when I get Cheeto fingers.
I agree with you on this one--Both fit in the 1%, however I really do not get the OWS protest anyway.
great game tonight! nice INT
the shitty beatles?
Glad you liked it, Chris.
Bombay when drunk
Slaves and the use of freedmen for banking by men and women make this very difficult to gauge. Interesting, though.
Re #ff - 1. Should it always be 5 (or as many will fit in 140 chars)? 2. Can we drop #followfriday? Just takes up too much space.
I'm glad that you aren't letting people walk all over you & I can't believe they are doing that!!
convince me why i should think im pretty when ive always been told im not.
Chalmers with 4 fouls and EVERY single one of them has been a dumb stupid cliche Chalmers foul
OH: "It's like a happy trail but with your butt."
When is the music video in L.A?
Bored at work. Legs hurting. Ugh
great Cocktails and Contributions event tonight!
my dad makes me dress like a nun
Its beginning to look a lot liek summer!! Mini family reunion today...oh yeah and a tank top!!
2011: I'm sexy and i know it 1865: I'm physically attractive and i am aware of this statement :)
"Like who is blink?" do you want to die?
don't hate on arsenal!!
Have a great one and thanks for the tips!
Well, THANK YOU!
People from the campaign definitely qualify for "Best Beard"
let me try...
this makes me so happy that you spent several hours in close contact with my husband last night hahah
I would be happy as hell if prince, Rickie and yuni all waited til the 8th inning to get their first hits of the game!!
I want to hear "Young Homie" by on #mrchrisrene”
wats a tiny chat??
Preparation is everything, it can alter possibilities.
are you gonna ask somebody to be your valentine?:)
I think ima have me a movie night, feeling romance love Jones with Larenz Tate, love and basketball with omar epps.
lmao I forgot the rest of the lyrics we made
I hope that wasn't who I think it was!
A man went to the wise man at the mountain and asked him,” Whats the piont of life?” and the wise old man said” I don’t know ask a girl.”
I would love to go to Alaska, with or without the workshop!
Really lovin' my mama right now
They should make gatorade where it actually makes you sweat the color you drink
Anyone got any ear plugs? singing in the bath is not the 1!
He's been a seattle staple for a while, the "it gets better"movement is great ": I'm a big fan of good person "
Body Confidence: Survey Reveals How We Really See Ourselves
Im a African, and I know what's happenin (dead prez)
Erica time to give up the "rap career" smh. Rapping is NOT for everybody
AP Bio packets will be the death of me
Congratulations! where can we read this?
Who would have guessed in 2012 a silent film would nab the Academy Award for best picture? Do you think it was deserving?
Watch out honey. Because today youre gonna know what youre missing. </3
Happy 4th of July! God Bless America the land of the free!
RT : Plan Ahead for a 1031 Exchange. Call us, we have experts that can help you plan.
Find me two, please!
If I was POTUS I'd have Jeff Neely head the secret service. We'd have raging parties everywhere I went.
Things aren't lookin good for the cinnamon bun. We just put cream cheese frosting, salty cinnamon caramel and candied pecans, on a waffle.
I'm still having trouble processing it.
Be kind. Everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle.
RT Thrilled to welcome renewing IBN member from Snohomish, WA! Marcia has aromatherapy supplies + makes ...
how come they're not bitching about Lurlene McDaniels and her death & dying novels? Too old?
as a motorcycle rider I will enjoy this free pass.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Car fire 94EB 258.5 near Lake Mills. Right lane blocked. Use caution in area.
#UNDERSTANDING THE RIGHT TO WAY TO EAT
Challenge your assumptions
My throat hurts:(
“ Bounce that ass in the morning, bitch.”
Mumford & Sons kind of ran into a little bad luck. Multiple nominations, well deserved. But no awards. I kind of feel for them.
Thank you for the RT!!
Working five days in a row <<<<
Bye this girl that I really like is here soo ya
I never loved nobody fully, always one foot on the ground.
My god child is starting pre-school and going to be a part of the graduating class of 2025..so scary..I'll be really old then😢
RT : "it's not about triple play. The sooner we get over that, the better" #bbcsum12 <- I've said this for years
make me proud :-) #SingleLadies P*ssy run everything F*ck that noise
he's been busy :)
Ugly! Lose the gray and the square "turn of the century" lines
Integrating digital processes into the classroom. Bridiging an undergrad divide; and/or professorial divide.
Tweet of the Day, right there.
I didn't tweet yesterday because I cancelled Easter. We found the body.
Where was that store? I've heard of it, but have no idea where it was.
Any artist wanna go to Atlanta and meet up with different agents and a&r's hit me up.... 300$ covers your hotel and travel
looking for contributors. Send sample post and gmail to
Hee! I've never heard it put quite that way before.
seriously, skipped the rental car. Got car service instead and just won't leave hotel while there. Way cheaper.
I have some others to consider to replace Rege. Andy Richter if you can pry him away from Conan. Oh and have I mentioned Arsenio?
We don't meet anyone by accident...Pay attention to happenstance! Shiela Burke
What's nerdier than a Sat night spent watching WH Correspondents Dinner on CSPAN? Watching the pre-dinner red carpet show!
now ask me why..i dare u
The midget fortune-teller who escaped from prison was a small medium at large
Awaiting next flight to LAX!!
i told you people im an idiot umm skitovenpie
Perhaps a "digging in the crates" or "vinyl obsessions" segment for future episodes?
Went down to the comic shop, and I think I'm ready for DCC now- any chance on being able to speed up time?
Loving someone is sacrificing the desires of your ego for the needs of your heart
To the barbershop I go.
I deserved to be e-smacked on that one...I'm glad you did
Stanbrough, Gardner, Wes Mac, Hendrick top 4 at restart.
Excited to see my family tonight!
6:30 you came entirely too early! #thatswhatshesaid :o
Everybody go follow
The ads tonight have clearly defined who the country's buying demo is with the late 80s nostalgia.
God morning!
demand alternative school placement, shape up leaving the house. Make leaving the house MORE FUN than being in it. Good luck
Chilling. What are you doing?
Gd Morning World
Still roasting. This is getting old.
I fucking hate people.
Sometimes I forget I'm tweeting while I'm tweeting
I might of made a YouTube video with my friends
Aha my hands are SO SOFT ^_^
what u gonna call it?
Its MONDAY! There's only ONE reason I get excited 4 Monday everything else that happens on Monday could happen any other day I wouldn't care
Spring semester begins today! I love the feeling of starting a new class. . . .
Just now going to sleep!
My husband just said 2 months ago that Should perform with Santana.... Even wanted me to inbox Justin and I didnt... LOL. EPIC
see you at south Main in Greenwood today (Public Parking Lot)..."make Jack Happy, eat a hot dog"
"The sloth is basically like a Koala bear doing tai chi!" LOL
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. - Lao Tzu
Hey everyone
You better win this now darn it
it really irritates me how inconsistent the NHL is on suspensions
Thank you!
This looks great, thank you so much for sharing.
all the way for sure! Diggin today's pick of James! Gonna take that Bowl nxt year!!
of course it works! That's why we're building this prayer-app, please check it out! www.birdofprayer.org
Meet the future President RT ": WHEN I GET 2 3000 FOLLOWERS EVERYTHING IS GOING 2 CHANGE."
Good news about this #Brewers game ... the replay is scheduled to start on FSN right now.
Ginny Barbour: "There is authorship inflation" leading to a de-valuation of the currency
What kind of rocks you need? Crack, Crystal? I got it all ;)
its crazy when you go 4 days without any metions just proves no one gives a crap
ill buy you a million and one of those big kev :))
140 characters of curses. That game was really ours.
Seriously I won't be able to see SHIT.
#PR tip: Know industry jargon when talking to editors (ex. Know what sustainable means when pitching ) via
sorry, this may seem really random, but can you follow me so I can ask you something important in DM? Thanks.
It was a blast - don't worry I'll bring the potato salad and the noise to your board BBQ in July too!
Just watched this guy surprise his wife with a trip to europe
Waitress: 'Do you have any questions about the menu?' Me: 'What kind of font is this?'
We're here #SundaysontheGreen. Stop by 572 NW 23 st for some sunday funday under the #Miami sun. Awesome vendors, live music & #foodtrucks!
Moscato on deck!
AWESOME! CANT WAIT TIL U GET HERE! U SHUD COME TO SCHOOL AND TAKECARE OF THE BULLY THAT BROKE MY GLASSES WHEN U GET HERE!
If your boyfriend has to erase his messages before he gives you his phone, your boyfriend isn’t worth shit.
Having an argument with over coffee. I think is the best #coffee there is! What do you all think?
Ill take that as a vote...lol
Looking forward to it! I mean from what I heard, you was on point, but hose Freezes got to me, so I just said next time!
HELLO WORLD
hello back!
shouldn't u be at work young man u on twitter. got a new contract pay is crazy. call me
so im in need of your gnarly advice still please help me!
M, Butter Cream Frosting & Midsummer Storm...
Rejoining the Twitter community, perhaps regularly, tho TBD...hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!
M, 4pm ice cream after workshop day sounds very good
How do you like Tebow now Denver? Lmao!
Well if thats the case the great thing about this country is we all have a voice when it come to law and policy
Thank you EVERYONE for your support!!! Another 1,000 fans!!!! and GROWING!!!!!
you got it.I'm basically grounded they aren't calling it that but that's what it is.
IS THERE ANYONE ELSE OUT THERE TIRED OF WORKING FOR CORPORATE AMERICA? I KNOW I AM! THOUGH I NEED MONEY, I WANT OUT! I'M ON A DISCOVERY!
it's saved just for you !
At Park Chow
Dear People Who Have Some Negative Shit to Say about Everything, Nobody likes you. Not even your "friends." Sincerely, me.
My prediction...A great chat coming right up
lmao! Yea! I like y'all. But yea y'all got that crazy tendency lol
what are you doing right now?!
ZAYN MALIK IS BEAUTIFUL and so sexy :) goodbye..
This is so stupid ugh why can't I just be healthy for once
Definitely more to it - gauging performance, measuring outcomes, recommending program and policy change to get best value.
I am
Shoutout to all the dudes on the Mens Golf team...Way to keep representin Ewood
I got this drank in my cup
Maybe it was *because* of those factors? Some of the best runs I've had occurred during the same.
Just wanted to say a big congrats to you for being the person who introduced me to Human Centipede. Eye bleach perchance?
People are weird. You taught me that! Hang in there and don't let your soul hang by a thread.
team filming in San Diego this week: with shopping at La Jolla, dining & talking food
This book banner project is a great way for retired librarians to stay connect with libraries. bit.ly/mXIPi2
I need to start my homework
tired as hell & Home Bored As hell I Need To Get Down
RT Yep! : didn't 106 and Park used to be live?
that's why I said one time we should on the trip lol
Off to work... Bring your mothers bowling or something
love you too
I call Shaq! I still need to kick him in the shin for badmouthing my beloved Kings back in the day.
Can't wait to see it!!!
Tyga why must you be so vulgar? Really my grandmother?
The real work never ends. People simply become complacent with where they are.
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes. I am overwhelmed with gratitude to have such awesome friends. Peace be with you.
new email!!!! ask if you need it :) ciao xx
Just responding to readers' feedback. :)
I swear all this fucking family eats is pizza.
trying to watch the video but the link doesnt seem to be working :(
Damn! We are still in first though and we won another series.
i would like to visit you in the far off land of nevereverland..
Yeah I'm ready to get out of Knoxville. May 7th can not come soon enough.
Mia has been singing, "teenage mutant engine true-tulls"....I keep trying to help correct the pronunciation, but it's too cute...haha ;-)
A perfect weekend to come to Oakland! We have Smores Ice Cream and Caramel Apple Ice Cream. Unless we eat it all before you get here!
LOL :D true that
DOPE SHOW last night! Keep it locked to pulsehiphop.net for the podcast!
Facing false charges, Stephen's face was "radiant, just like an angel's" Acts 6:15 #CEB How do you respond to accusation?
Man Omfg its 3 hot outsider..! ☀☀☀
Need to find a massive amount of gummy bears...
. was great when he spoke to my class at Mizzou. Also
RT : Today's Affirmation: Happiness exists where I choose to look for it.
my head fucking kills
thank u
I can finally cross "running from the police" off of my bucket list
can eat potatoes and pee out Grey Goose vodka.
Geez. Well, good luck! You can help me with my final! 😉
#Casting in #Boston today for #Reebok @ Boston Park Plaza- go figure! Thanks :)
I Hope you're doing better today... I suspect that you are.
#FF Education Tweets
an open mind alway see things clear
Hyatt check out time is noon, leaving bags in the room for the morning session
#ThingsMyMotherWillSay I brought u into dis world n' I can take u back out
Well Hello there sunshine how was your day?
Ephesians 5:15 Be very careful, then, how you live—not as unwise but as wise,
Even without today I feel like I should be watching three films regardless
Have good snacks tho - chocolate always makes the world a better place
Yeah ^^ and how are you? :P
If I save up my money then hopefully I'll get another tattoo next week :) I'm so excited.
"You never understood...why we did this. The audience knows the truth. The world is simple, miserable, solid all the way through."
he doesn't work...that's why the social security administration is after him!
i really should stop being accustomed to a fridge full of food because once i go to college and i'm in $130,000 debt i'm gonna be tight
heard you were at Cosetta's last night. Anytime you want to challenge me in PIG, let me know. Hope you liked St. Paul.
Does anybody but me think that it's kind of ironic that it's called Standard and Poors? Just sayin'.
Doesn't know how this whole "twitter" system works
Must have been incredible. I painted a baseball of Yogi Berra waving goodbye on the mound, but I wish I had been there.
we love you too <3
was looking AMAZING!!! as always!
100 years of Girl Scouting ceremony will be held at 6 p.m. Monday, March 12, by the courthouse on Main Street.
Thanks! I'm glad that folks have listened to that one. It was an early effort but a ton of fun.
do u still use faceook if u can add me at
I did when did I post them month ago? I blocked jack and his bunch then
Proud to be a college student.
Thanks for the reply. I hope you enjoyed the article. It made for some interesting research :)
If you registered or pre-registered an account on our site, check your email for an activation link - they should all have been sent by now.
Before i could even turn my head the kidz are already on the beach, amazin lol
Plumbing truck appears. Dissapears. Entire house experiences dramatic improvement in water pressure. Mechanical reality seems miraculous.
Thanks for the follow !
Did you know Watermelon is actually a VEGETABLE? Its closely related to cucumbers, pumpkins and squash.
#AskMcShay Who do you see the #steelers drafting in the first round.
I strongly dislike Johnny for right now -.-
Last time i order from the haven/emma and charlies
RT : "I never think of stories as made things; I think of them as found things." --Stephen King
Friday Free Day happening in about 30 minutes!!! Hope to see you there!
- Your Erlang C models need adjusting! 20 min on hold to activate a replacement box is a bit excessive
Giving Thanks for ALL of you. Come by for some Killer Cocktails, Housemade Soups, Chef Wes Platters and PDX community spirit. Thank you All.
Waiting time equals pinning time
Where is Finnick? Odair he is! ;)
Is it just me or do "Blind Trusts" seem a bit like "Super PACS" ... "I have no control over THAT money, wink, wink"?
Follow me back, dick head. <3
business casual bike maintenance
Karn at is amazing. How I wish customer support everywhere was this good. Thanks.
Actually, you were whining and crying that I was a bad gay for disagreeing with you. You dont like uppity gays.
Making the boys stop the radio everytime Adele is on. Missing !
i emailed you. where are you?
thanks Brian!
Thanks for the follow, hope to see you at the next likemind Chicago next Friday, 1/16!
What if your pillow could collect your dreams and when you wake up you could plug it into your computer and watch them over again?
Man I'm home sick and I don't even live in Miami
Anyone up for NaNoWriMo??!!
naw nigga. Wht the hell have u tried,to call me out on?,hm. Shld i be lol
He is risen indeed!
how u?
Borden's Terry Rademacher opposed to any change in current system
So proud of my Bruins! Cried tears of joy tonight!!! I love you guys soo much! WE BELIEVED! <33
Unfortunately, no. I'm about to tweet a comparison shot.
Now that I’m back in reality, all I want to do is to stay in bed all day and to watch tons of movie all night!
I'm reading SO SHELLY by
ah. Those aren't bad. I just finished a 10 day.
When mermaids start following me, THEN I'll worry.
Shooting some at-home auditions with a friend, workshops, then working on … excited!!!
Where will you be at 2pm EST today? At #femlead with ! Public Engagement, Higher Education, & Women's Leadership.
Just read a study showing the avg size of homes in the US has almost doubled in the last 40 years, but 1 less person per a house hold! WOW!
I love asking this bitch about her lies... she either trips all over her words or pretends like she has no clue what i'm talking about.
DirecTv isn't working in the locker room -_____-
Today is not my day!
WHY?! He's sleeping 💤
smaaaanz! Ppl were freaking me out saying I should have had one like a month ago so there ya goo!
awww I miss hallmark!
In school chilling this dang sub be on sum stuff
no all 5 schools are doing the same coverage
4 days till my birthday. What the fuck to do?
blew past a road block for a DC bigwig's motorcad this am. pretty proud. My getting to work matters too, MF'er!
On my way to the beach :P
NONE OF THEM! Sorry but I really want you to come to Jacksonville, Florida...
Many thanks to the hundreds of iCallDialer iPhone App customers. iCallDialer App for Android will be out soon...
Way to go Heat!!! You got to love how the Miami Heat are playing lately.
TONIGHT! $2 steamed crabs, trivia from 7-9, and stand-up comedy from 9-11! Crabs & Comedy - you can't beat it!
I dont see the point of trying so hard if im getting nowhere:\
Finished my Christmas presents!
Thanks. Don't think I'm cool enough to get it to trend.
I'm ready to go home and reba is being stupid I'm so tired ugh.
What a stellar week in Pebble Beach at our Stryve Executive Forum! Thank you members & guests for attending! Learn more:...
welcome back, sir!
#Harlem Open your spirit with Scarf #Dancing this Friday at 7:30PM. $15
Brides to be come see us at Hotel ABQ today! Perfect wedding guide show from 1-4pm!
When a guy texts you first, that means they actually want to talk to you (: NO ONE texts me first :(
i miss u too R.N!
RT : Hey ! from said you were here favorite Twitter Celeb.
have big tests this week benchmark wish me luck(: <3
how did they destroy their QB situation again? They drafted a stud and r trading an avg QB
the one by my house is
"Expect problems and eat them for breakfast." - Alfred A. Montapert. Remember this tomorrow morning! :) night!
hey how is your day so far??
Were at with until 1:30. Stop by and meet the guys before tonight's concert at the !
oh yeah I'd watch that
Those who will not hear it from the horse's mouth are content with being The horse's ass!
I've been trying to. :( wide awake though.
Beauty is subjective. There are people out there who think Beyonce is ugly. Haters (lol). But she sells because people LIKE her.
if u do so do I
Does anyone else feel extremely lazy today?
aww how cute!!:)
Christmas shopping.
Is this robin like, "Hey Bruce, I know of this great place to build your nest. It's a brick duplex close to the lake. Good schools etc"
You are too cute to be bored!
we're flattered! (blink) (blink)!!
Seriously?? LOL, that's creative. What did you have in mind?
#Magickingdom is getting two new castles in #fantasyland. #Princeeric’s and the #Beasts. Opening 2012
- Good stats. How many INTs/year would Manning need to catch Favre?
oh... Well no. You don't know that
A UWbusiness plan competition! $20G's at state for the winner.
that's her frenemy.
: RT : Support the homie album out today!!! Go get it asap!!
my bestfriends is death.
don't b strssd out, bro, s not worth it! :) music, movies, n friends always help me, or quiet tim! Good luk! :)
Rain, rain go away! Commencement is on Saturday!
"Okuyamba" screens at IU South Bend tonight. Great short documentary about palliative care in Uganda
Soy-Based S-equol Supplement Reduces Hot Flash Frequency, Muscle And Joint ... - MarketWatch (press release)
If you had time to cheat, you had time to think about it.
I'm bored and hungry! Lol.
Good morning friends!! The key word of #PMA is #positive. This means no matter what happens or what people say we choose to be positive!
1 I got your tweet from yesterday just now and 2 after you kidnap me omg sos
*To clarify, Medina's paper was in support of a
that was diontae!
maybe next semester!! did you take the final?
i reaaallly wanna try samoa cookies.
The Pacers are taking their talents to South Beach.
is inspirational! She changing the world in her own ways!!
It feels more and more like summer every day
I heard!!! What the heck is going on over there?
Can somone please get me more followers, we need this page to be popular:')
Just wrapped on "Firewater". Getting cleaned up and ready for #Wrestlemania Party now. Go !
Thanks for the RTs. Have a successful week!
BaloLug meeting tonight at 7pm. Discussing plans for the for the rest of the year and linux.
We were making a video in class my teacher is blind he didn't even notice 😊
Day 2 of class and I already have water damage on my book
haha I wish you had summer in july too so you could come here with cody! He's coming July 29th:)
tonight's show had me laughing so hard I sound like Mickey Mouse.
hate and prosperity can NEVER mix...
RT : Our two towers taken down by nuggets, chicken effin nuggets..
. you are a very brave and talented young lady! You will enjoy much success! Hugs
I'm with you on that!
follow and please :D x65
Love your site! Do you have any videos for teachers about teaching/detecting plagiarism or cheating in the classroom?
hey hey calm down
Can't wait to see you, too! xoxo
did you get a pic?
Every Spurs player in uniform except Derrick Byers has played already tonight. The Spurs lead the Suns 39-37 with 7:25 left in the half.
He was younger from now I could just picture it haha :) I think it'll. Be soo cute :D
Think I'll read "This American Lie" instead.
wow!!!!!!! I'm so happy right now. That's the best news I've heard in a long time. Luv ya!!!!!!!!
I also need to stop being a vegetarian this sucks
AC! God is good.
u should all follow !
#MXpresidentialDebate Quadri: "we need a world class police force to combat crime"
----Cool! I'm glad you liked it. Nick is a cool Guy. Look for us again in the IB or Churla Vista area. I will post it.
you guys watching the nazis? 👏👮👏
mee!! Ill never stop!!!(:
Ah! A Female Pick-Up line!!! If you're naughty go to your room. If you wanna be naughty go to my room!
Well Jeez this girl was like "yep didn't do any of my work, but I'll get a 5 so it's fine!" O RLY?
Damn you preview and the fact you can't rotate .tifs without screwing them up. Gets me every time.
oh no! It was sure to get us all at some point, feel better!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe illegal aliens and Mexican holidays ...smh ...
I love Aaron Kelly
Needa be studying
Awesome weather in the ATL !!
Oh lord have mercy. :/
your so nice and dedicated to your fans! calling them and making bears for them. now you just need to come to Pittsburgh!
Socialinboxcorp welcomes and to the family. For great deals and updates follow them! www.socialinboxcorp.com
Welcome to Twitter.
time for a quick drive to the ocean and back.
Catchy mainstream tunes.
I hope all the $ being spent on all Walker's ads has a stimulative affect on Wisconsin's economy; Total poetic justice.
no problem!! :) please like our Facebook and check out our songs :)
Shouldn't have had that salsa
I want champagne!!!! Please :)
Trying really hard to not work this week.
Ladies whats in your Pandora's Box, this coming Tuesday Dec. 21,2010, We got the hottest R&B n Hip hop artist in the building@ Shadow Room
oh god, this is a site I should not have been exposed to. bye bye money
New Tumwater firefighters, police officer nearly finished with training - The Olympian
Claritin D, why are you failing me? We've been so close for so many years and now you betray me.
I don't know whats wrong , but im really worried now...
Indie music: Weird experimental sounds that get it right, noise, or somewhere in between? Discuss.
thanks! Got my toes crossed too!
Fired up Netflix for the Swedish version of GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO. (hope this one is better)
Andrew Bynum is in thee zone!
Gym babe with a bedazzled iphone.. gotta love it!
Hittin Hartsfield-Jackson tomorrow morning...What a feeling.
Birthday Girl (in which I play the lead role Katie) - Official Selection 2011 at Newport Beach Film Fest
Is there a certin charactor you want to play again ?
Rereading Stanislavski, wherein he complains about how stingy playwrights can be with stage directions. Hop to it. :-)
There are few companies out there that can piss so many people off and still record record profits. Apple wins again
i honestly think its annoying how arrogant people ALWAYS talk about themselves...well...isn't that the meaning of arrogant? of course... :P
these tweets are the highlight of my week
Thank Wendy H and Becca M !!! Thanks for helping us get up over that hill!
God can do more for you, than you can do for yourself!
Hello Hello
this Bitch has a Gonchar shirt on...
staying up trying to figure out everything about this amazing new laptop! I should figure out everything in time for the next big thing!lol
serve'n up that killer tofu...
i think i need to spend a good day #dripping soon
Following #WFwebinar on Facebook Timeline transition for brands.
Best TV show ever? That's a tough one. But it'd have to be THE GONG SHOW.
“: Well, Red Robin is hiring. #shootme” free bottomless fries?
If that was anyone else, that would have been a flagrant 2.
Looks like the fancy trying out some rhinestone heels and hitting the stage! Has my mentality rubbed off?!
you'll see!
The best revenge is happiness, because nothing drives people more crazy then seeing someone actually living a good life.
Her brother Jason had a girl named Grace You could see her ass from outer space So I landed on the planet xD
it's a horror film too! Haha they seem to follow me
Would u rather pose for Playboy/Playgirl magazine and sell the most in years or star in a porn movie and win an oscar?
we stopped DVR-ing it three weeks ago....
Lost my lunch due to the gnats over running our stock room... Henderson is not the business durin summer
There is nothing to do today why did it have to rain?? ☔😓
for which beer?
y'all wanna play in my fantasy baseball league? Need emails
#4famouswords "Shut the front door."
I remember when I first joined Facebook and how cool it was to find old friends. After a while, it almost like reading a bathroom wall.
and they'll likely have 3 4th rd picks after losing Jenkins & Colledge. Great opportunity to build depth on defense.
I'm sure we can it and learn.
Thanks to all of our ! contest entrants. Congrats to on winning the tickets! Stay tuned for more contests.
i'm just gonna walk away from the internet for a little while until this instagram/facebook thing blows over
Somebody hit me up man!!!
I believe you misspelled owl.
“: Set Ur minds to focus on Ur #goals ... That's
Oh hell yeah!! At the Evanescence show w/ , Kim and Dimas \m/
Relaxing for a bit watching City of Men I hope this lives up to City of God
Who do you have tomorrow, MU or UW? I have to stay true to my roots with MU on the ''upset''
"I've met Mitt--we're not friends." -- POTUS
by doing a selfless act for another person without expecting anything in return. We would actually love and
Super cool... thanks for sharing even more!
What an inspiring night. It shows how much hope we have. #praying #hope #thankyougod 🙏
I could say the same.
Why is Bieber there tho?
Everyone seems to agree that 'Education needs/is changing' - but no one agrees on how... What's *your* take?
Need to duck out of #ROFLCon to pick up ironic tshirt, boom box, pork pie hat
Driving across the Golden Gate Bridge with . We can't see a damn thing! Go away fog!
Im lookin forward to the things that follow finals, but im not lookin forward to my roomates leaving. yeah this is a sad tweet
Be careful out there! If you're looking for tires. we can hook you up! Come in and see us or give us a call.
“ Only Insecure people think a Man & a Woman can't be friends without Fucking! That means YOU can't do it without Fucking..”
my phone has been dead & i havent even been on here :/
Don’t let your ears witness what your eyes didn’t see. Don’t let your mouth speak what your heart doesn’t feel.
#PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight a lifetime membership card to the free clinic... Oh wait!
not too bad, sucked driving this morning, how are they treating you these days?
I wish I could bake a cake filled with rainbows and smiles and everyone would eat and be happy.
Is trying to make sense out of nursery rhymes! Yikes!
UNF THAT WAS SEXY!!! He really should do a keek like that
Kid & dad went ice skating at Red Arrow park today while I stayed home w/ baby & made lasagna. Went for jog later. Twas a very nice day.
everything is great here in Houston. We've definitely increased our followers&fans of Gilman, thanks for all of your help!
uhm, not today, considering I'm in bufu indiana. But tomorrow? After training, panera date? Then lay out? If its nice enough
When in doubt…share! You'll be pleasantly surprised.
God Morning!!
She said she's Blessed by the best!
Finding a new place to live is like looking for a shooting location that I'll be shooting in for a long time.
I actually have a modest proposal in the matter.
This is for all the bitches that's hated
We will be quoting last nights episode all day at work today!
Lets make today a good one!
that was when we were trying to watch kaskade I think. In Hollywood.
I hate my face Lol isn't that the truth
i LOVE standing ovation!!! I really want to meet the cast, but i don't know how!!!!
It always feels like I'm calling it an early nite until I look up at the clock.
#howtobehappy The less you give a fuck, the happier you will be.
appreciate the follow !!!!
#SaySomething IS AMAZING ITS MY FAVORITE IT SONG AND WHEN I LISTEN TO IT I CRY. U HAVE COME SO FAR AND ITS MAKES ME SO PROUD ❤
Hey, I really dig your work, man.
oh. fab-oh!
Unity of Drums is not about perfection, it's about expression! Look forward to the video!
Had ice cream for the 1st time in like 2 yrs i swear
those look great! did you make them?
This isn’t linked correctly with my site, sorry… I am trying to fix it
Listening to this Future album & shaking my head
Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all of your energies on a limited set of targets. Nido Qubein
#mtiprivacy Mike Daniels, IAB - #privacy policies must be consistent and easy to understand as consumers move across platforms.
nice choice - will do!
": GoodNight twin : )" night bro bro biggalo
Going over my commercial photography marketing plan for the upcoming 2012 year!!!! Any cool ideas you think I should do?
Entering the fifth legs for everybody, let's finish this mutha!
yo kev, any interest in going out on the town w your truly tonight?
if you need new boots please call us at jcwesterwear in florida
Thanks for the follow, Amie! Happy Holidays!
jus checkin I don't wanna do anything wrong lol
I love so much
Music meeting for (one of my favorite days of the week)
I'm really just shocked - getting depressed about the direction of politics lately!
Tomorrow is going to be the longest most stressful day of my life. 4 appearances, 1 day= no bueno
So proud of U
RT : Woo hoo! I lucked out and got a free copy of Ambassador's Wife and loved it! Thanks!
House of payne is a mess ctfu
Happy Turkey Day - do your part to help the economy spread the word about the extended tax credit
okay sure! May i ask, which member of the band is typing this?
Happy Birthday to me!
Real Estate tonight?
New Bobby Broom Trio CD, "Upper West Side Story", mixing done!
What an inspirational audition experience....I wish I had more auditions to take!
Don't Dream It, Be It. - Rocky Horror Picture Show
Do we really have #freewill or is every action & choice just a part of a #predeterminedfate, a reaction to events that happen around us?
What are you doing up so late? You should be in bed! Speaking of putting yourself to bed - Listen to our new song, "Put Myself to Bed"!
Congrats Doc!
I guess I understand the logic. Just seems strange to let arguably the third-best hitter on the team waste away on the bench.
When Hulk smashed the monologueing bad guy
CNBC says Mark Zuckerberg is worth $19 billion at the moment. But it's early in the day...."
Playing road to glory on that NCAA...what's good twitter....
See y'all next week! Can't wait to spice up my life!
Thanks for the RT about Say-N-Play sale! Not sure what BC is?
Don't know who to vote for
'tis a good little drawing. :)
“: So excited to pay homage to the queen of pop. A night to remember” We certainly can't wait!
It's not going to work!!!
I really dislike factoring.
Reppin that shirt
Provence proudly serves three of Intelligentsia’s Direct Trade Coffee.
How about at least alternating games with Sam? Sam at MSG, Doc at the Rock?
Good morning! Hope you all have a super sensational Sunday!! :-)
Thanks! I will call shortly!
Does anyone know why all the roads are blocked in downtown Denver?
Disappointments are just God's way of saying: "I've got something better"; Be patient, live life, have faith.
I couldn't get a hold of you so I made an exec decision. #CirqueDuSoleil tomorrow night. Maybe before?
Green Tip: Lemon Cleaner & Disinfectant: 1 teaspoon borax 1/2 teaspoon washing soda 2 tablespoons lemon juice Add 1 cup hot water shake well
A single man is a good movie period
being loud , nasty & extra about your business is foul. Stop it please
Thanks for yr RT's on BRITE! Hope to see you there!
Working on our 2012 nomination form. Big thanks to our sponsor for making this thing idiot proof. We love it!
Raise your hand if you like submarinos! Now put it back on the steering wheel and get in here for lunch or dinner! We love you!
Comm plan needs a process or template that you follow every time. Texas A&M has a team and consistent process.
Woohoo! Almost there :)
Semi-main saw second "last" Stampede as Watts and Duggan lost to Kamala and Kareem Muhammad (Ray Candy).
so nice to meet you looking forward to a cheestique night with you, Lauren, Emily &
Ha that's the stuff.
Jealous! Did they ever come out with that clip of ours??
Tell Him 2 Gon Head Lick It Since He On It Lol
Hey , Britt wants you to sign Aerosmith's "Pink"
Happy big appreciation day to the best big in the world
I hate when people text back just to say "OK"
haha they are so done with their children and also with being normal
