Really? Good to know...we'll see if we can fix that. ;)
something ghoulish. a vampire or a zombie or a mummy.. or Frankenstein and his wife!
Thanks, Andrew! I agree the company is humbling ;-)
At the dentist. Would rather be at work.
#terranova jonestown bc edition don't drink the dino punch
MAY 14th IS NATIONAL WOMEN'S CHECK UP DAY!!!!!! GET YOUR CHECK UP AND RETWEET PLEASE!!!
Mr. Scott is the best teacher. 
the past 3 days (including today) ive had a run-in with the cops.......
I was just in & didn't see Is she sick? I hope not!!
We're they afraid he'd burn through the money?
Sexy sultry funny Sundra Croonquist will be on my radio show this Wednesday 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Who got a laptop for.sale
not even close haha I'm going to read tonight and relax! I'm SO exhausted!!
its my fault I left the garage side door open
oh boy! I'll see how it goes.
what's good with u?
you will feel like dying, but you'll be better for it on the other side!
Joseph Segeleon, MD, has been appointed CMO at Sanford Children's Hospital ().
RT : Childproof your home to protect your little ones. Accidents are never expected.
i tried to many times to get a conversation with but looks like shes not responding to me so im giving up
I can't wait until Friday :)
Simply watching someone pull a cotton ball apart gives me uncontrol
No Ustream 2day with :( but gonna go "3 stooges"
- Thanks so much for the #FF. I appreciate the thought.
no doubt
I love me some Fred Hoiberg! Isn't that also the alma mater of one Paul Shirley?
Fuck a gym membership, play "Michael Jackson Experience" on the Wii
Don't miss seeing KILLING JOKE on Dec 2nd . Should be a great show..
I'm surprised it's only 13 bad films in a row.
did you watch Sherlock yet?
I think I'm naming my Cube "Cubacious."
Thanks for naming me a great news source.
Had a blast last night at speed networking event! Met so many great people!
i love your smile (; follow me please
yes, yes I did. It was a great concert, nostalgic feelings and all.
HERE WE GO!
Fuck yeah dude! That's what I'm talkin bout lol. Thanks!!
aww I hope u do
Big win tonight for
Another reason why I hate Jason Terry. Doucher.
They say so many people die because of alcohol. Perhaps they never realized how many of them are born because of it.
don't be so hard on yourself! U may not b consuming enough calories during the day. Could explain the sugar cravings @ night.
Leslie, great being connected. Hope to give my acting/modeling workshop in GA this Fall. You can read more at www.HowToModel.com.
No more cigs!
Now booking glam birthday parties, glam bridal showers and holiday makeovers.
I have an order to get out #forgot I may b a lil late.
Happy birthday
Super Excited about TONITE - - Sounds from on Deck
U niggas don't understand cause u.ain't.in.the streets
Stay strong today! Remember, you are the city of Angels, not the city of corporations or police.
Hi, have a web project to talk to you about - can you DM your email? thanks.
and its Swedish!☺
the hashtag for my Business Writing class this semester: #writing306. Link to class site soon. (interlopers welcome)
Did I miss something? Why are the #Celtics chanting "Scalabrine"? They are being ran right now!
I think Mr. Sheen is right....."Winning!" Yep, feeling better already!
We want to know: Protein bar or Shake?
sure thing; hows progress? ive been away from twitter for a while :) howre you
just finished consult with instructor planning on using GIS and photos in her class; w/iPad could bring up examples together
A deflated ego is a virtue on its own...I shared a seat with mine on a taxi ride home.
it is intriguing, and there's just something about that time period - plus Fellows also wrote Gosford Park
On to #thehotel we go.
absolutely!!! thatd be so cool :)
When your 12 no one likes you.
you know it ;) and still rockin' my #findlauren bracelet of course <3
It's #PictureBookMonth @ #NYLA11 favorite is Anne Likes Red
AWOLNATION & I are SAILING it this morning!
My cpu broke jus got a new one still got to break her in no more laptops 4 me 2 disposible 4 my test
On the inside, I'm screaming in pain.
Why is Carrie such a creepy movie?
; I know
:O ": In and out burger, defacing guitars and writing music with :)"
Well gray shirt... I thought the hole in you was small.
Thanks so much! Hope everyone votes #5280 Best of Denver!
You're welcome! We hope you enjoy your book and that it is of benefit to you.
wasnt I "THE MAN" with those two bad chicks on my arm the other night? lol
all is wonderful...miss u. I hope your doing wonderfully!
Only 2 new members at
that's not skip
This Wisconsinite loved his time in the Land of Enchantment. Let's hope the #badgers enjoy their visit to the 505.
Awesome job Cards!!!
I love it when I discover new music. 🎧
people really don't like to party in this town...what is this!?!?! i want to party all day everyday.
Feels weird not having a show this weekend... Oh well, guess it'll be a Sundy's night! 🍻
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)n
you can only use it with people who have iPhones (their number) or people with iMessage on their iPods email ;)
"are we angry" <= perfect twitter question. I don't think we are angry - francoise holland just had an Obama win in France!
i love warm weather, but humidity sucks
A little over $300 for the weekend.
There are a million ways to lose a work day, but not even a single way to get one back. Tom DeMarco and Timothy Lister
So domenic and I () worked on alot of new material today. Be patient and new high quality good music will be coming
lemme find out unfollowed me then followed me back on the low.
That's it I'm just going to get rid of my twitter once and for all
Don't forget to wear green! ;) You don't want to get pinched! Haha
Today is already such that I can't formulate the words to complain. If you need me, I'll be flailing about the Ath like a confused seal pup.
you a game head aint it
Happy to be reunited at happy hour with and
The trouble with unemployment is that the minute you wake up in the morning you're on the job. ~ Slappy White
Dear mr Simpson I miss you can it please be July 8?
Never enough hours in the day!! I guess my haircut (what little I do have) is going to have to wait.
question mama Schmidt what is choose180 if u can reply back plz :-)
Looking forward to the #womentogether TN Virtual Delegation that's about to start!
#20ThingsAboutMe Um Damn Im not that complicated. Heres one though. I'm a magical Wizard who nuts Skittles and shits Elves that eat baby's
It looks like we're all done for this visit, except for awesome chef dude, who will be there tomorrow.
Love the people who treat you right and love the ones who don�t-from a distance-allowing them to BE in their own way
Last time I looked in the dictionary, my name's Ron Burgundy. What's your name?
Thanks, you too!
The only thing worse then trading down, would be to draft tannehill.
Do you think guys who have play basketball against 7th graders ever get tired of being knee deep in pussy?
One nation, under thigh
Andre miller looks like adam sandler
lol I was dead ass tired
Showing The Girl the movie: The Cutting Edge
We want to know, how do you add Chispa to your business?
The new STITCH-EQ Black/White is almost complete and it's #superfab!
I love this class!
Hey I just saw this message, sorry for the delay. Things are good, I hope all is well with you. Stay strong.
Oregon and the PAC-10 lose another bowl game
try clicking your hashtag. fool
Frozen foods according to #WhyIDontShop. Happy Easter!
“: BREAKING: Joe Biden challenges Sarah Palin to define the word "debate."” / she replies: It's what I put on dehook to catch defish
temple run yet?
Thank you, I'd love to see you. Hope you are well!
R.I.P. Adam Yauch aka MCA of the Beastie Boys! "No Sleep Till Brooklyn" was my favorite song by them!
you of course...his bow too lttle hahahahahahahahaha!
CRASH: E Main @ Baseline in Hillsboro
Nonna's Kitchenette's super Italian food will be in PHX this weekend, Sat and Sun afternoon. On Aspen street near Pay and Take #food Mangia!
Cookie dough ice-cream .... Jesus <333 OMG so good
I know none of you will believe me because I thusly cry wolf so often, but I really am scared about this Medea final exam at 11:30.
Doing business in Detroit since 1948.
And of course, my biggest #FF,
late night, about to get on this
My best friend is passed out, in bed, with her shoes still on! Lmao I love my friends:)
Finished the ALS baseball! Trying to decide which stadium to paint, going to research the Angel's Stadium.
Tom Joles just walked up to me and said "You're not as unsightly tonight."
Here's the link we see: If they're adding floor space, won't they need flooring?
that is always my biggest battle...head vs heart
It was a pleasure to meet you at the Howard Theatre a few days ago. Don't let my hoodie throw you off. I was a performer.
mars? why mars and it has to be like testable we cant test mars :\
wish I could of gone today really want to meet u guys today.
Earwig slasher movie! New best genre or NEW BEST GENRE?
Its amazing how the lakers can be different teams between games
LSU fans chanting "We want Green Bay." A little cocky?
don't know them- will have to check it now!
I have an HTC Droid Incredible, but I'm due for an upgrade. I'm having the same problems you are.
#happinessis waking up feeling so darn good thanks to a hard workout yesterday & an amazing nights sleep! #healthyliving I am back to stay!
Nice haircut and shave Double King!
Me and hubby need to make some serious plans for our 1 year anniversary on New Years Day!
While ur home alone critiquing and Judging, Im out enjoying my life! [{GQ™}]
my stomach is churning just thinking about it.
Ladies if you are flashing this morning we want to hear from you! Email us with your name & number! Thanks!
welcome to twitter Gary 😃
Heather Morgan '86 discusses how her first job working in insurance made her want to work for a purpose, instead.
Yo this presentation tonight though.... <<<<
Anyone else wish that their art was their only job and that they could wake up to nature instead of the alarm clock?
I'm A Cougar ,Your A Cougar , Were All Cougars , Dontcha Wanna Date A Cougar to ??
Read ur Salon article. Have to say, the spot is focussing on 1 aspect of life experience, u r reading way too much into it.
*makes wish* thanks! :) <3 goodnight.
Ever since and I got mom #Misteltoe album. Everything is JB this, JB that. Took her temp....def has
RT : Somehow it escaped me that it's Arbor Day. Oh, you too?
Following Back:)
Oh man, I haven't seen Jim in ages!!! Give him a big hug & kiss for me! Give yourself a hug & kiss for me too! :)
Is it 80s day at Victory Field? RT Brett Tomko has retired the first 12 for Bats against Indianapolis today.
nice! (mine hasn't shipped yet)
finals this week! I hear an a plus coming my way:) #determined:) like a boss :)
I MISS YOU.
Safety now discussing toughening the penalties for those caught for criminal graffiti.
Now you can make a facebook purchase right from Facebook! Check it out under the timeline!
busy in library today, must be the ebd of the year....
“: #sundaystorelax” #Dodgers rain delay to start @ 2pm.
AHAHA. girl. We all have a chance if she had a chance.
Not MY imprint. He is 6'-2" and goes about 220. A little perspective here. :)
Jordan transfers down from WKFS (Kiss 107)/Cincinnati to become the new PD/afternoon guy at WXXL (XL106.7)/Orlando. Tell a friend!
All these supplemental questions for job apps are killing me (and my wife). Do other industries do this or it just a library thing?
I just thought, "Home."
Found our favorite stop in #SanAntonio. #TheCountyLine where there is nothing low fat on the menu.
thanks for the #ff...have a great #giant weekend.
No one can change a person, but someone can be a person's reason to change. - Spongebob
Q6: yes -- adding audio would be great (and maybe make twitter chats more coherent?) Also gives us something to archive.
I don't know. Did he just use the iP dongle? Not sure how that works.
if it was higher than 20% you can talk to Obama too.
RT : Petition: Gordon Campbell is ineligible to Receive the 2011 Order of BC...
It must be hard trying to Be Someone Your Not. Welcome to My World.
lol what do you mean I love myself
Follow Great trust and probabe attorney
saying hi to this toe can make my life.<333
Or u could try Closing Time! Drink without the hangover :) tweet us the worst place you've been hungover & win a free sample!
You did sound drugged, I have to say.
Yes I'm a bitch: B- beautiful i- intelligent t- talent c- captivating h- heavenly. So by all means call me by my name
There were people who doubted Jesus.Why wouldn't they doubt you? Don't let anyone tell you that you can't achieve greatness.
I got an 83 on my outline
okay fuq dis english. lol I think I'm just gonna shower then sleep... this is becoming a bad habit.
Work work work
I wish we had a ride home. I did mobility travel already. Have to do more?
Naturally. RT : you have pleased RED OWL.
don't mention me in things please. As no addition
Thanks for the RT!
Nothing can be accomplished by logic and ethics.” ― Anton Chekhov
"you don't know you're beautiful; that's what makes you beautiful." How on Earth did music get so bad?
Out here in TB wit the boys.Just got back from the LIQ wit a 5th of crown 2 40s of OleE and a pack of blunts time to hit the park
i'm in love wif dem
Couldn't agree with you more!
RT Hammock Yoga - $74 for 6-weeks of unlimited classes in Roseville! So want to do this, afraid hammock would break LOL
You rock! Thanks so much Christina!! :-)
Great job playing last night. Thrilled to have you guys play the arrangement.
Apparently I'm getting into a time machine tonight (club metro reunion)
I love it how last year when bieber won awards at the vma he thanked his fans many many times and gave his mom a kiss ....
Gotta love technology bringing the world closer. Just executed a great call about via VOIP and screenshare to Mexico.
that is innapropiate!
After a long day of baking, all I want to do is go to for a pulled pork sandwich and some beer.
this ain't nothing new
And we're going to the Super Bowl!!!!!!
It's kind of hard not to, they actually took away the monthly jeans day as it was creating too casual an environment.
Getting a pedicure with my manager how cool >>>>>>>
for the last god forsaken time it is a TV SHOW. Lol an its differet. Im gana say tied.
Waving back! RT : *dances down the street waving paws all over da place* Woot Woot
Yet another flashmob, this with a man dancing in a gorilla suit, taking place in the Pit. Yet again, I'm out of the loop. [sigh]
uncheck local name resolution when creating a new domain name.
Tough one for sure but a exciting game at the BC. Got to press on & finish the final 8 strong!
I did check the link, just wanted to give you some love back. I hope the Yanks adding some pitching depth.
I still can't press search on google on my iPod....:(
A little chilly isn't it?.
ok theres also a game sunday we can catch , but we may be dead from atlantic city
so awesomely accurate! “: Exactly! RT : The marlins park is so nice it feels fake”
S/O to President for finally taking a position on gay marriage!
did you hear about referencing you today on his show?
Twitter is the one place I can rant. Please don't ruin that for me.
There is something wrong with a world in which most children have never seen #TheSandlot or
Why does my house in Maryland, USA keep shaking? keeps crashing in
How can I help my 4 yr old deal with a rageful schoolmate? My son is sweet, small.
Batum with the block and finish on the other end...and 1
Good luck tomorrow. We have faith, see you back in foxboro, win lose or draw!
Fox news is like The Onion. Only they don't know it.
S.W.A.G= Something We Americans Got.
Awesomesauce! Happy happy joy joy.
watching the #oscars with new #winesisters was possibly better than actual show.
All of 18.
Sibley buyer: "We will work out a repayment plan over time" for loan on which city otherwise would be left owing $3.1M
OH MY GOODNESS. STOP SAYING 1D ARE A BAND. I DON'T SEE THEM PLAYING INSTRUMENTS SO THEY AREN'T A BAND. POINT PROVEN. DISMISSED NOW.
whoo qetss mad at stupid shit like that ? really
are you trying to kill the guy?
: You're very welcome! A fantastic weekend to you as well!
hey... Let's shoot..
I do what I can to help. Haha! RT : Shit son you just saved my weekend from single song listening!
just barely?
Want to nominate a H.S./Club player /teammate for our "Best of" Florida Girls soccer 2012? Send ur recommendations today !
It's sad I can memorize the keyboard to type, but not tomorrows test.
This is indicative of many GTAs I've known, worked next to. I want to change it.
What would you like to know about Las Vegas real estate?
Community Calendar, April 16 - The State
we miss you too ev <3 I'm always here for you, you know that! Despite all the bullshit we've been through. We're sisters :)
the last person that said it was one of my cousins.
So I'm kind drunk and at a fork in the road. Decision time. Blurp!
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave-Calvin Coolidge
When do you think we'll have a Pacific Beach, CA Patch?
pop into your #losangeles #orangecounty #costco and pick up a bag of oh so delicious sweet potato
When Bryce Harper was born, Davey Johnson already had 595 wins as a manager.
That piece was partially inspired by your old "Sanhattanization" posts.
Is there a review of The Wanderer in the latest issue (Daleks on the cover)?
Having a blast up here at world of beer
I'm seeking speaking ops to educate re: awareness/compliance/workplace trends; 1/3 of future workers w/ diabetes: HR needs!
#thevalueofafollower girlfriend you are rocking this crowd! Social media expert!
Holy shit, i've been hungry for the past hour and my mom still hasn't fed me :(
Ok friends, family, and followers. Remember to vote for Eben tonight on American Idol #IDOL!!!!!!
Oh, geez.... that was you at the rose party?! My mind is a million miles away right now.
we will probably have to split you into 4 and 5 but you never know what this place will look like in 30, might be able to,
Seven KCOM students in #Joplin at Freeman Health Systems Hospital are OK. Many D.O. alums, ASHS Au.D. alum also OK.
End of 3 #CLIPPERS down by 1 (no thanks to Rudy Gay) lol 12 Minutes left to SAVE the SEASON!
We need something new to invigorate that genre, before it just becomes a parody of itself.
We have a #Chromebookedu pilot running in our 7th & 10th grades. Good device, Google working on expanding device mftrs.
*Opens fridge door* *stares* *closes fridge door* *walks away*
Probably the red hair.
Gracias Peter. Thank you for following this project. Sincerely, Juan.
You were born given life; it is your duty to find something beautiful within life no matter how slight.
Now that March Madness is over, I'm preparing for the NBA playoffs. Should be the best in a long time
That was before I realized how much I had to lose.
I'm a Chris Brown fan but I will love to see him go toe to toe with a dude just for a change.
#idol I used to like Hollie, but she is still pitchy all over the place, and then she was nasty about Jessica -- that's straight up jealousy
Just saw Peter Jackson's blog on the set of The Hobbit. How I would love to be over there working on that film! Inspiring.
I was jokin wit u but yaw foreal never hit me to kick it lol, especially durin xmas break when we ALL be home. but it's cool
Santa thought so!
38 EFFING DAYS
Clouds will decrease throughout the afternoon. High temps will top out around 75. Enjoy a warm Saturday!
That's awesome!!! ASIST is so lucky to have you! Geez, how do you keep all those feeds straight?!
Sorry. That made me irrationally angry.
Yes! There's some serious Irish-ness going on over here. P.S. Tell me all about BUZZMONKEYS!!! I love it. Why the change??
Men In Black 3 is coming out soon, even.
Happy born day cuz love ya
Has "Early 2012" passed yet? My calendar says yes - this website says no.
ha haha haha! That is amazing. You are such a dork.
IN THE PLEX by has a fascinating chapter on Google's collision with - and withdrawal from - censorship in China.
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS... 2 ALL THOSE WHO I FOLLOW. FOLLOW ME BCK!!!!
hey been trying to get a hold of you call me or send me a message:)
Say hi to for us! RT : Is on his way to the state capital to talk with some friends
I'm going to start googling "nat the fat rat luuurrrrrrve"
Thanks for the #FF, I'm a member of the D.C. bar, you know!
Kinda pissed. No auditioning, can't bring home my PE clothes, and I'll be gone in the day they add in.
does phil ever respond to his tweets? did state farm ever return the funds? these are important questions
I LIKE MY MUSIC REAL LOUD, REAL LOUD. CAN YOU TURN THAT SHIT UP FOR ME RIGHT NOW, RIGHT NOW?
I know the game just started but.. what's going on CC?
If people keep posting pictures of their babies on Facebook, I'm going to start comparing them. "You're baby's nasty in comparison to her's"
Aye he went right!!!
my dads hurrrrrr
Lord, let my my vision reach beyond my sight
But I think Tim is on to something here by selecting a day to enjoy that crap and then eating sensibly the rest of the week
I need somebody to talk to
What about the Eric Gordon deal? Lots of people in Indiana hoping he doesn't sign...
There are three sides to any argument: your side, my side and the right side.
I haven't had anxiety on a plane in a LONG time!! But I do to today.
Fashion show practice!
Happy Birthday to Elaine Mosby!! From Bridget,Jay,Marco.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's or soon to be's ..
ANYONE OF YOU GUYS LOVE MUSIC AND HAVE MAD MONEY? LET'S GO TO A HUGE CONCERT IN CALI
anybody have the payouts yet for UFC 97?
Dare to be different.
why don't you have kik anymore -_-
Happy National Junk Food Day
Money don't change you, it changes the people around you
On this assignment passed into Canada All my assistants brought passports Why is it harder to cross border than Cuba Russia war countries?
Where do bitches get off telling other people they ont suck nun? Nobody cares.
STL is on my radar - never been, but I have a few friends down there I've been meaning to connect with. Hopefully soon...
Tonight, Ultimate Frisbee in Hutzell at 9:30. It's glow in the dark, and it's going to be epic.
good luck brad!
Don't forget about those internships
#ThingsWeAllHate when you find out you can't drive your monster truck on the road
wow u live in England have you been to abbey road or apple studios? I am huge beatles fan!
Pence advancing to 3rd on passed ball.
My almost 13 year old just informed me that I am lame and not funny and I should not be so friendly to people-- I thought I was cool :(
RT : This stadium has more blackouts than Kerry Collins.
after that. Like someone txt me, He walked right next to me and was all like, who's txt you? I told him
I've been looking @ the subway ads & wondering what it meant, so that was a really timely post about GCB.
Breaking Away, Comfort & Joy, and Another State Of Mind.
but Harper is still a #livinglegend , let's not take the focus away here...
an old and trusted formula for success.:-)
Why? Boring...
ANY ethnicity can be biased, not just whites.
What kind of 1x15 bass cab should Conrad get this week? We want that low bump-a-lump sound
I mean, you do still like the Giants...
We are searching for a jr or mid-level #Project #Manager with some #Software experience. 206-420-8456;
please elaborate
Count me in
Day 19 on the platform, beautiful weather. Saw 2 whales so far and even got to see some tail. :-)
How do I need a haircut again so soon?!
it's training, not a war. Stooping to CNN & FOX level of sensationalism?
That ugly ass bitch just don't know my mama have ppl that will kill over her. And I'm one of them .
You're welcome! RT Terrific & productive day today at ! Big thanks to and
u hoopin tonight.???
PB Post wrote that Elton John is Godfather to more than 10 children!
Thanks for following us on Twitter!
Birthday festivities about to begin!!!
Nice! “: Wow! Just passed the 30,000 tweet mark! #contentnow”
its all starting to make sense
Life is like a box of chocolates.
" » Does the iPhone version do push notifications when you receive mentions or DMs? Also, can it auto-refresh for new tweets?
Lots of great news and great people at the #WGBC Annual Meeting today. Love the Duffield Branch Reading Garden!
We don't have to worry about flickr going away today...which makes it the perfect time to worry about it.
I don't want to be stuck in this hellhole anymore. I'm getting tired and sick.
Oh, this would be rad if it weren't so goddamned annoying.
Things I am calling into my life a new car, and a new apartment. Like pronto universe, pronto. ( Anyone selling a car?)
An apple each morning + two cups of green tea wakes up all my senses, fast.
When A Corporation is in biz to game Public systems' cash, they enlist w/
I JUST put all my maternity clothes away. I didn't want to...those things are damn comfy. But I figured it was time...
I need someone to come and take care of me :'(
Way to go, Richie Rich, for making a crazy proletarian show. I can't get enough of you, yr insane performances + yr nutty clothes.
Next week is 50/50 week! 50 New Customers, 50% Off! Let's make good customer server go viral!
your welcome :* :)
i want 2 wish everyone a early happy new year!!!!
Ipad 2 for sale 250 good condition or give me a zip of loud ill take that shit too
Wow some changes here in Uppsala since i left like privatized apotekets and shiny new train station
Actually, my experiences moving from (for clients) have not been good.
My apt is falling down around me. Had to dismantle deadbolt with a screwdriver to be able to get outside.
No You Don't
Thanks be to God that I'm on set - idk why but I get so sleepy in hair&make up...feels like a massage or somthing. Lol!
What a crank. I would give this article to students to help them learn argumentative fallacies.
I'm so tired yet so wide awake. How is this possible?!
he warlord in the desert
i wonder what happened to the glasses that projected on the retina? blindness, perhaps?
Snow just east of Abq- reports of 11 car accident I-40 westbound @ Cedillo Hill.
no because ima carry you like those princess movies. (X
I am going to start saying Hakuna Matata in place of saying no worries. You should do the same.
Manning or Tebow? Who do you want to see starting next season?
You're welcome :)
I can't get this jar open!
SO STOKED for this raven movie
Please follow me on Keek! :) Get Christian to number 1
lol...how could i forget
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld "White Chicks"
#studyabroad is a priceless experience! Scholarships and financial aid sure help though ;)
only you would do that for me tho. bestfriendship right there(:
Good night everyone, I am also tired!
What's up pimping? Hit me wit your best shot man?
I don't have an attitude. You simply can't Handel my personality.
Not that my score of 35 is anything to write home about. It used to be a very respectable 50. I'll be back this winter!
Great early morning timed 5K run (20:34) to push myself then an extra 1.5 miles down along the beach... even had a light drizzle
Just take a hit
And Nelson Cruz.
50 states and im on the 20th -_- this may take awhile...
is on the front page of the cardinal : P
Oh aww I'm sorry but please have you ever thought that maybe your living too much on that one moment where all the goodbyes are
Hello fuck face, broken promises are lies!
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
I feel bad when I tweet badly about my boyfriend.
no, I just miss home.
FYI it was Tom Woppat. Don't call him Luke Duke if and when you meet.
not to me, not in the least. Probably gonna take the courts to decide anyway.
Happy Pi Day!
Yeah there's not much I can do anymore cause it makes me so angry and I don't need the stress lol
Hey :) I wish u can come to the mall w me :)
i can also probably get you a hug from a couple sweaty strangers if you want. Just let me know. Haha.
Females always think I talk to a lot of women... Not the case.
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide Anchorage, Unalaska, Fairbanks, Nome, Juneau
Why you standing there with ua face screwed up? Don't leave while you're hot that's how Mase screwed up.
Excited! RT : I just watched 3 episodes of The L.A. Complex back to back. Hello, new guilty pleasure! Premieres April 24 on CW.
Ion even kno y I'm up. I went to slp @ 6
what I'm not a loser chill
FTC Commissioner Brill cites Seinfeld in her keynote: anyone can take a rental car reservation; the key is to honor them
that looks like a better Clyde's, green
I watch teen mom and think about all the bad things in my life then think they're really not that bad
Parking Day is a go on Milwaukee Street near Wells. Come hang out with the crew and others until 2. yfrog.com/mfjp9uj
RT : It's spring break for a lot of college kids, therefore I don't feel guilty for crushing this beer at 10:30am.
RT Go 2 's feed NOW - he's sitting 2 tables ovr from Gov. Christie at a Starbucks & he's live Tweeting it. Amazing.
it'll probably take me forever to get used to it.
Show This Afternoon. 😓😖
Sweet! And by sweet, I mean scary! Awesome paint, man.
- Great working with you guys on #SXSWi panel!
Apparently today is Ignore Patrick Day, cool.
The only way to release shame is to talk about it, and in so doing, it gives others permission to talk as well.
Just saw a guy riding a bike and strumming his guitar...at the same time...no helmet
Roger that // RT : Johnny Damon left tonight's game with "general cramping."
Greg Mahoney is a cutie
Have work to do but I think tonight is a pass out on the couch while watching tv kind of night.
Black and mild & 4 a.m show wiff rachhhh ;)
Ths is 4 all d men,if u knw u hve a son n aint never done nun 4 hym whn u do gt money would u rush 2 go c/ buy hym stff even if he ant wit u
poppycock I say.
in 60 years I will be telling my grandchildren where I was when the Jersey Shore premiered and they will look at me in awe.
tough to see on the other bench, but I like what I saw in the 1st game of the new look Could it be...
Whoa. Its like almost offical. Four days and it will be. And he would for me xD He's spending 45 bucks plus food to spend a ...
Stay tuned for the new #LOVELACE website being launched tomorrow! Make sure to like and follow. Going to be a kick ass film!!
The best way to predict the future is to create it ~
I just finished Catching Fire. I NEED Mockingjay now! Oh my god
i know right
Van Gundy called this game "48 Minutes of Mayhem". LMAO! So-So True.
hello!!! how are u? my new twitter #follow me :-)
"it's not what you are called, it's what you answer to."
All smiles
Thanks for the follow Nicole "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
My son said he wasn't going to be baptized he doesn't want to drown. He just went underwater in the pool moving one step closer.
Bow ties - let's knock that shit off.
ahh that sounds good make it for me ^.^
�Advocacy is the newest kid on the marketing block
middle name I Marcos!!!:o Now do you no?(:
It's nice that the #Redsox are 0-3, they had a couple of blown saves over the weekend.
Thank YOU for coming out!! What were some highlights of your meal?
So tells , Jamie, n I to meet her @ Chipotle but forgot to mention she won't be there.
i am sorry to here that I am a big jets fan I know the jets would take you and the jets would like to have a player like you
One more day until Tennessee <3
I had my account hacked and now The restored it after I started a new one. What the----!
Such a sad man you are.
Yes. Very good!
Hey friends, we think you will like Witness the Broken, go check them out!
“Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.” (Berthod Auerbach)
Denny's never closes :)
Another day; another tweet
Thank heavens for 's "Felt Good On My Lips"! On repeat the last mile of my first 6 mile walk since getting hurt last year!
ah iwent to PIEDMONT (:
kick him and ask him for some tots...
At the gym. Fighting this bronchitis. Don't wanna overwork myself. You guys please go out and get the new single "You Saved Me".
Not surprised: MT : Apple's market cap just passed the combined capitalizations of Spain, Greece & Portugal
is the best sister ever!!!!!
my thoughts exactly!
If Clinton can do it, u can 2! Ladies, come n 2day au natural & u will get 1 item cleaned 4 free on us!
Where do we vote? I have no idea...
But I'm not a rapper.
congrats to for his #ffl domination. i'm jealous.
I did it for a reason.. So you'd remember me
Pretty sure that and the #OnGoal wives could throw lunchmeat at us and we'd love it. (This was not a suggestion though!)
Two more supporters, this time in Encanto!
Fox News on in the breakfast buffet.
The Archaeology tech tree pic in #Civ5 is dinosaur bones... ARCHAEOLOGY IS NOT PALEONTOLOGY.
Happy Tuesday to you too! RT : Happy Tuesday!
I'm registering for ! Who's with me?!
#Santorum or #Gingrich? I can't decide!
Kudos to the WA Health Dept and WA Legislators for their vaccination program
Saw ya in airport security this morning. Woulda said hi but didn't want to interfere with the TSA's full beard inspection.
Fresh start
how was it? Awesome?
not using it
Thanks lady! Hopefully we will be up and running soon, you will have to come down and check it out!
thanks fer da web quest hartman!!!!!
Parking pass obtained. Worth an extra $20 dollars a month to avoid light rail creepers and get an hour and half of my day back? I think so.
Did I even spell that right?
SO we're not talking in class today. Instead, working out the problem in silence. Who knows if this will work?
of course! Loved the souffle! xo RT We're flattered!
Listening to
OK now for these AABS Baltic abstracts...
ok lil wannabe thug
Great Job tonight!!!
Happy mothers day. To the bestes yes I said bestes mom ever. You do so much for me. Love you.
Yes, I am aware that LaToya is more common, but it is not what Brenda Gayle named me. My name is Toya. Just four letters. You will deal.
YEAH HE DIDN'T :D who said that?
Sweet got the gig at fallon community health! I will get paid to ski!!
Release of is big news -- the first application of 's Scribe tool to a humanities transcription project.
I'm cursing my phone out right now! I hate this droid.
Ohmygod. janitors smell awful.
Mine - taxi driver and/or street vendor of fried chicken breasts....;-)
If you got an email from me with a link, please don't click on it. My account got hacked. I'm afraid I DON'T have a quick path to $10,000.
Getting excited for U2 on Tuesday...but who is The Fray? I was really looking forward to seeing Lenny Kravitz :(
7 Steps to Harness the New Social #Internet World hosted by the #JuniorLeague of
oops typo. Anyway sent ur stuff so you don't have to be blind and id-less anymore. Gonna buy my flight up for your grad soon!
didn't mean to get your hopes up. Human error, happens a lot!!
Yes, sports bra and bball skills required. Lol. Maybe is available?": would I have to wear a sports bra?"
Story of my life!! Lol(: <33
Dean Martin <3
Too funny! I sure do miss all of our professors!
Woohoo! I've been ready bits and pieces, but am about to finish my first book, too.
OMG you guys, I totally spaced about tomorrow's #rapture. It sneaks up on you like voting day you know!? lolz So what time does it start?
You will be infected.
Gambling, drinking monks raise hell in South Korea, per reuters news.
what's with the purple avatar? First , now you. Is it an AK thing?
happy day of birth ((:
Before I woke up,I was filled with blood and wounds, hiding under a staircase.
on to the next one
how many mayorships do you have now?! miss you!
Had a dream I was freaking out because they played on the radio
so Far So Good !
Wow. So did I! :) (dob Feb 6, '84) Great list, thank you for sharing. Best of luck making it all happen as you move forward.
"Be thou my vision, the Lord of my heart, not be all else to me, see that thou art."
Yeah I think so. Most of them NEED common sense before they waste there lifes.
I hope this game goes into like 6 OT's
Happy Fathers Day to all the Dads out there ...
by who?
great to meet you as well - thanks for the writing the book!
Go ! Win this thing!
I can't get signed in to tablet? Any suggestions? Saying acct not found??
The present moment is all you ultimately need to find your true, higher self again. It's that simple. All u have to do is come back to now.
Nice seeing you at the Coretta Scott King event!
Congrats! Can i have a shoutout? :)
Hey there, did you get the packet I sent you?
Any Chicago folks trying out ?
"In order to be irreplaceable, 1 must always be DIFFERENT." ~QMG Lucky 4 u, no one else has ur body, brain, smile... Always remember that ;)
So no one else is even mildly concerned that a bee is nutting hunny on our cheerios?
you ain't even following me Whoo, I just checked... Trying to be Slick, Ah Hah
Z!z
we could have to play 2 teams in Ole Miss and Bama that matches up well physically with UK and played UK tough the 1st time around
You don't know what you got till its gone
I had an inkling that you came from good stock! P.s. those are my relatives too.
I aim to please! :-)
Cubs lose again. Fun season so far.
maybe I'll just carry this look over into Halloween & use it as my costume?
now THAT is silver lining sir.
One who does not learn in peace time will never learn in war time.
indie roots rock! My absolute favorite. rocks.
Had a great meeting with my friend Thea today. We're talking rep for an upcoming performance. What are your favorite Sop & Mezzo #duets?
2 design approvals in 1 day...way to go has a Rock Star on their hands!
Just got our tix for Lisa Lampenelli!
Just booked my next film "Snapshot" director: Eric etabari, starring Robert loggia, John aprea, Angela gotts. Shoots in march!! Yay!!!!!
Now they're playing Just Can't Get Enough. Bro, they're trying to make me fangirl.
Just spoon me, OK?
i vote for Gauguin's 'spirit of the dead watching'... or maybe Frida Kahlo's 'self portrait with monkey'. incredible museum.
Who said there is any justice in this world?
Teachers call it cheating, we call it teamwork
I no longer need to punish, deceive or compromise myself. Unless, of course, I want to stay employed.
Right?! I was thinking that to! Have you ever been to Memorial City Mall? My mom works there! I go like all the time!(:
getting tired of being broke but thats what happens when u work in a restaurant with little to no business
im great how have you been i miss you as well sista
HOME...working tonight in Bmore
might go to sleep earlier than usual
Twitter has changed. I'm not getting it D:
And what about human-hologram marriage?
more floors !!
I make the most perfect mistakes.
jajaj I can help you with it cx
Hey boy let me talk to you ♥
It's a great video and we're so proud of those who put it together!
You were close. I was quoting Pretty In Pink. But this kids name really is Blaine.
Thanks for your support!
Boy: My tongue bleeding? Cuz I just bit it!
True dat. That's when I wanted to puke; when I saw them on the screen for the "Game B4 the Game"
When & met at this yr's , Wildcats won by 10. Think things will be different in their rematch?
lol ! Girl don't worry ! You'll do AWSOME !!!!!!
LOL... idk... I want to, but I want to grow my hair out using protective styles so I don't know if it makes sense...
... a rare occasion indeed Katie.
Soon I'll need to make a small investment into some design mags!
Interested in a career in social justice? Attend an alumni panel from 6-7:30 tomorrow at CCE. For more info, email to .
HEY ...LIL ROBIN.. THIS BITCH CCAN TWEET STAY ON MY LEVEL.... HOE.... LOL
If yur gonna be a bear.. Be A Grizzly
Any news on when and where the NY run will be next year. I'm so excited about it!!
where are you taking them?
*Oops, be careful! You don't want to waste a good thing! ;)
FOX Brit Hume: Colombian Hookergate. Boys will be boys! We do not know what happened - premature to speak. POTUS already rebuked them! Brit?
Time we crack down hard on economic traitors to US like -let them leave if they want, but their wealth and jobs must stay in US!
Seriously lady get off your phone before I slap you...
Nicely done on the website Man! Kudos to you and to your successful VO career! Go get 'em Brian! See you in class on Sat.
Beyond ridiculous RT : Mitch, I can't believe you even put option A (fire Bo) on the list. That's ridiculous.
I understand 😪 RT : The feelings obvs aren't the same💔 RT : You know I love you ! 😘
For dads who think quality time is having their child sit next to them while they play video games, we pray.
Yep, the Duranti message was the one that made me think. It's not every day someone takes a shot like that at Schellenberg.
happy Friday! yesterday was a busy surgery day - today we get to rest a bit!
Today in Invention History:Tesla receives patent in 1888 for “electrical transmission of power"sparking battle b/w his AC and Edison's DC
Oh shit, it's Oprah's birthday today and she forgot to buy me something!
Which is sad. It's his 2nd election unopposed -- not because he's popular, just low interest in wanting successful SD schools.
The brass discourage tagalongs due to liability issues, but I'd be happy to share garbage tales with you
I think Shelby and Alex make the best couple. c:
Secure leaders are able to believe in others because they believe in themselves.
hey how you doing??
<3 your blog! :) Very inspiring!
okay, staying off twitter until I write this damn paper -_-
I can't wait to see it!! Every Mother's Day I always think of the first time you to did that- Joe is with me and says thanks! :)
It doesn't add up, all the deficits from '02 to '09 only come to $3.5T, even by conservative estimates that's $1T short.
I'd be excited to see a post. It's always good to hear ways that a professionl org can do better, espec a small 1 like DVAG
I don't just follow anyone, consider urself #lucky ;)
Boy this edit is tough
agreed! But it is still wildly entertaining.
in no one place :/
The girls at Central Campus <3
I seriously cannot wait for the day when the first single from the new album premieres on the radio. I will go cray cray!
Need.New.Joke.
#3WordsForYou I'm back bitch
i have sleeping issues.
from ? She said it was announced on goom radio or something.
Mic check! :) xo
get over it and shut up, you don't even know what you're talking about.
i may need JABA -now- rather than later.
Phoenix Open today was amazing. Met some amazing people with , , and more!
oh hey
"It's really hard to play when you don't play much. He's trying to do something to stay on the court," Stevens on Crishawn Hopkins.
they all start with B! So do our names! #conspiracy?
Why is it every time I post something it shows up several times? Sorry everyone.
May cannot come soon enough.
Frannie D solo show tonite Franny D solo set at the Piano Bar
and we're tryna come out your way and play Thomas again. if you're booking hit us up.
A belated "Thanks for the love" tweet aimed right at you. Thanks for your support!
I'm #StronglyAttractedTo My Boyfriend . &
haha its true shit tho . & thats good - ive been doing some going out . Im at a KB tonight tho ..maybe & Nope . lol
superfans -.-'' that's mean.. there are more than 60000000 millions support you and you have superfans .. that's a joke no? :(
Today is the last day to get your 6 inch subs from Subway for only $1.25! For delivery only from BrewCItyBites.com!
Bosio gives up a 2-out single to Steinbach, who moves to 2nd on a wild pitch, but Brewers escape without damage. 8-6 Crew.
According to my 4sq only you and have a level ten. And someone called "pizzasnobo" - who's that? lol
Watching Desperate Housewives Season Finale with my mommadukes and my jas<3
Super webinar, Jay - thanks!
Yuraskik, thanks for following me.
For sure! RT : I'm so inspired by #10mph documentary. Life can teach you a lot if you just go out and live it.
Please take a look for an awesome opportunity for learning Magic from a legend of Magic! DONT MISS IT!!
my best pictures are the ones i never took
Our beloved Scottie Barty passed away peacefully tonight. She was in the company of many friends. We love you Scottie!
pro driving my baby cakes around! :)
relaxing in the park blogging
TIP: App in Seconds caches the images or sketches used in your prototype so you can show it while not connected to the internet. Yay!
that's some old school real nigga shit there
Exciting news! will be playing the next #BingNewMusic show at on March 30th!
follow this girl :)
#ThePeoplesRepublic scoops up Bryce Harper despite dropping him a few days ago...Welcome to the bigs Bryce!
What are you doing on 11.15.11 for America Recycles Day? Let me know and I'll list your event on www.artisansgonegreen.
's star-studded business meeting took place today on SMB and Crescent Heights due south of tomorrow's MAJOR Cllooney/Obama fundraiser.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
Who is hotter? Erin Andrews or Shannon Spake? The race is closer than you might think.
Going to really miss listening to you two work together this season...you two were the best together
I just found 20 dollars
"We're living in a fantasy...tell me would you care to be my lady?"
RT "What is a weekend?" #DowntonPBS here's to Maggie Smith's killer lines!!
Commodities prices i.e. copper, crude, etc. have fallen indicating less demand...economy not yet picking up as forecast. Recovery delay.
Now THAT sounds like a good way to go out! I'm flying from Florida to celebrate the end of the world in Rome! Haha
Current weather forecast for Saturday: 77 and sunny
Any info on whether DC emergency shelters will accept pets as well?
Building websites with Joomla: great look & feel, but can I do that? Concerns about skill level/support. #THATCampFl Day 1 "Other Platforms"
We just had a great end-of-the-year company meeting. Looking forward to great opportunities in 2012!
I promise the food, service and beer selection will continue to be delicious!
Anyone whose known David for some time won't believe it but... he is now, without mustache!
I can officially say that I am done with my senior year spring semester! Too bad I have one more. Summer here I come!
We are looking for special offers and deals to offer our members. are you a professional offering a service or product? must be a specific …
I think my kids are trying to kill me. Behavioral Manslaughter should be a thing.
Just had the worst salad ever from usually love their salads. Don't know what's going on over there.
#SometimesYouHaveTo be a bitch get things done.
i'm guessing your doing a video for karate kid. And you have some song on there. Sound about right?
In the 90s.... there were millions of peaches.
that wasn't an earthquake, idk what it was but in mission beach i felt a bunch of loud thumping
#AskRyan Would You Follow Me?
"The phone call ended in such a way that I wasn't sure just what to say, who to call, how to feel. Won't someone tell me is this even real?"
its cus harry lost his breath in the middle of his solo,last time it happened he got really upset we don't want it to happen again
Just fell a little bit in love with the Princeton Arch Press office dog and office puppy. Yellow labs, I think. Every office needs one.
My mom thinks I can put my put shoes on one handed. Crassy. Doesn't she know Imma cripple?
Thanks ! I knew you would agree! Lets just hope the casting office does!
Happy Weekend! Cooling Trend. Dropping temps by 30 degrees. Chance of showers. Don't 4get to fall back Sun, End of daylight savings.
I would have prolly been freaking out inside upon meeting Jay Park >< especially causes he only a year older then me
should i get in a relationship ? ive been having so much fun being single ..
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Wait,Are we gonna have A test on this?
I should be working but I am to busy reading folks tweets lol
If that guy were a pastor, I would totally go to his church.
Will you be live tweeting?
great article; Husker fans, esp. in Nebraska, are hyper-invested in NU. That's not always easy to deal with as Bo's learned.
Imagining the sun exploding, turning into a giant fish made out of flames, coming close to the earth, saying "Hello, warm friends."
Happy Mother's Day to all of you mothers!
almost positive u just ran by my house
Fine everyone I'm a horrible person happy
YES. I would love to never hear that word again. RT The fold is a myth and needs to die™
League standings coming soon.
Sick of hearing that millennials don't know how to do research "the right way." We serve THEM and should adapt accordingly.
PLEASE DON"T LET THEM BACK!
Happy to help spread the world. Looking forward to your layover in L.A!
Thanks for the follow!
do you guys have a FB page? Not a group or profile- a page ;)
When you say something borderline-bad to your parents, but they didn't hear so you change what you said.. Miracles do exist <3
Twitter hasn't worked on my iPhone in 2 months. Suggestions?
happy halloween!
I promise though!!! I actually like that movie.
Great to meet u &/or thx for RTs!
Anonymous hacks in and shuts down UMG's website. WOW!
today on the bus Ellie was like I can't believe you didn't tell me about the 1D contest and im like oh I forgot..
What is one thing you can accomplish this week that will bring you closer to a big goal?
Can't wait!! So excited!! : Can't help but notice the countdown to #KATHY in corner of screen! Thurs 10PM"
Working hard on CelebritySpouses.net to launch this summer. Gathering all the experts and content.
An important thought. I gave up complaining for Lent (even tho I'm Jewish) & it felt great!
Tim Duncan, kinda good.
"Why can't you be happy for me then go home and talk about me behind my back like a normal person?"
facts: Every year, dogs kill more people in the US than Great White sharks have in the past 100 years.
history: Mark Twain claimed to be the first author to use a Remington typewriter
I think the problem with people like this is that they're so stupid that they have no idea how stupid they are. 😣
Not sure Weeks is batting high enough in the order.
Still, the fact remains that many people continue to engage in this self destructive habit
Don't be worried about how I'm doin me.
Spring, meet Wisconsin. Wisconsin, Spring.
oh my fucking gosh.
When is 80s prom?
Ball so hard my ankle hurt
I has always wanted a brother.
Oh, laundry? What's that?
followed you and your friend.<3:)
now that i quit smoking, i go on fresh air breaks. you should too. like a ten minute walk around the block or whatever.
u knw I gots to get my love b 4 our gm ;).
Nice, hey what time are yall goin to buffalo??
Drunk texting>>>>>
You bullshit on me then I will bullshit on you that's how the game goes so chose your moves wisely
by : yea and he dunked off the entire laker line up...sad he is gone
Off work and ready to start this 4th of july weekend!
ubaldo is eating up LA tonight! 3 hitter and dominating thru 8.
And his address. RT : They knew his name. They knew his name.
No doubt!
great time on the air with today!
When Riley wake up she be messing with EVERYTHING smh she bad as hell but bouta stp tweetn so we cn play n talk :)
That Lemon Fresh is so flirtatious! And she has an "acidic wit." OMG really? Who thinks this is what people want?
about to make some tastyy breakfast and get on to the next chapter. Woke up to some chainsaws and trucks right outside my window...So sleepy
Android's swype feature confused chihuahua and fajita.
Due to due to untimely circumstances, tomorrows salsa boot camp will be rescheduled later in the month.
m yes, frying is delicious. do you know if it scales to accommodate the quantity of tomatos known as "an assload"?
Paper hearts.
The guy from Five for Fighting should have been cast in The Lord of the Rings.
love you sister!!!!
Don't know wether you're being sarcastic or bluntly serious.
That is my problem,too! It is harder to collaborate within my school than with other schools.
Thanks for the #FF! I love you!
Thanks for the follow, Jean. Another lover of high heels!
i work in broward. i live in miami -_-
When I Was Little We Used To Make Up Games On The Spot...
is better than
Mixing a class in the fitness regimen is a wake-up call to muscles I didn't even know existed!
Many thanks to friends yesterday for helping with some impromptu "market research" on cookbook dust jackets. Contentious debate!
Thanks again and enjoy the muffins!
Yummy pot luck lunch and talking about cartoons with a cute boy.
Outstanding Achievement award in music - Tinga Stewart
How is it 1:30 and I'm nowhere near tired even after a kickass weekend? I'm a machine... Is tomorrow Monday?
Beautiful! I love the color!
I Know You Like The Back Of My Hand Baby ;]
This fast age, with its fast horses and faster men, has brought about that rather fashionable monstrosity, the fast woman. (1857)
Badgers are stanly tonight
At least the bronie presentation at #barcamproc is only 5 minutes this time.
Nope. I was born gay too. I don't have those genes.
How Did D.C. ’s Stodgy Old Palm Boost Sales? It Got A Makeover
ryan leslie does everything from scratch thats why i respect him .. real music maker ... alot of producers dont do that ..
You're so sweet! Your tweets make me laugh---you always say smart stuff about gender. Rock on.
VegEdge Christmas Eve Special at 5pm FOOD NETWORK'S COOKING CHANNEL 184 w/ Chef Wes Hannah & many other Veg Chefs!! www.cookingchanneltv.com
Watching back-to-back live comedy shows again tonight. I did something right to get my life to this point.
In love with the weather
BRING THE KID
nice one (with or without sponsoring)
Oh wait I have some in my backpack
When women are depressed they either eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. ~ Elayne Boosler
Life is, more than anything, a forgotten scene from "Charles in Charge".
Sweating from places I didn't know I had! Wish this lady would turn her heater off!
#Recruiting Legal #Record Clerks in #Boston! Must have #LegalKey experience. Contact me for details!
never let you go
mail order lol
I love when my girlfriend send me goodnight txts
RT : Anyone using #designthinking in a museum? Interested in helping w/ wkshp ? Have exp w/gift-giving ex?
im tryin to figure out how i got it. not been around anyone sick or suckin face w/anyone for months. lol
A tricycle race. Congrats! :)
well of course!
So cute!! ": Lucy and John David wearing their favorite blankies as capes last night! Happy Monday! xx NG & twins http...
I love New York, baby birds....my sweeties!!! that is why the first 50 pple get FREE laps from yours truly!!!! so lets party
PSA: Please take care when emailing or texting the word "site". I somehow entered the word "shite".
And she bought me a Zayn poster all the way from England!!! is better than you!!!!
they looking for you for raping men
Staying up all night with gotta finish this history project!! #workwork. 
I think my nephew is a comedic genius. He’s only in seventh grad and he’s already writing sophomoric humor.
G'Night Super Sarah -- thanks for being with us again tonight!
Excellent! What's the presentation? #areyoumadatme?
...my family is still living along the lake so when I go back to #roc and visit I'll be sure to snap&share #LakeOntarioLive pics!
Thanks, I will when I'm out there in December!
Hello today Healthy hair products treat is Lavish Moist Shampoo cme to all 4 stores today chk facebook for locations
thanks for leaving behind some brownie!!
On the search for someone to do my hair for prom. Any takers?
*sub-tweeting*
Can't wait!
Best. Wedding. Ever.
Test post from HubSpot.
Let it snow, Let it snow, Let it snow
Forming a direct sell dream team in DFW! Looking for strong business leaders for top spots. If interested @ mention me.
the one and only...MrAshtonJ
Everyone should have a friend named Paco in their lives. The fact that I don't have one is upsetting.
haha. Maybe one day, that relationship won't last. That's a top notch woman for one of the best footballers around.
always gotta go sox...that's just simple x's and o's there.
Little baby cow in the field by La Fit off Midway & Park >>>
the 4 is being announced tomorrow :)
WHAT THE FUCK IS EVEN GOING ON ANYMORE.
are the lime slices organic? Cause I got food poisoning from those once.
But I don't think the GOP is going after the black middle-class explicitly. It's collateral damage.
#nf MY FIRST INSTINCTS!!
Feel free to get an extension. I know you've had a rough week!
Ugh. So we've been taking these state mandated tests the last two days in school, and they're SO ANNOYING.
hi hun how r u today see u soon on #loyalsaturday xo
I hate when people text you drunk and it causes unnecessary drama
YES!!! When do DC tix go on sale??? RT : Ding dong! Boston? D.C.? We cometh.
The only reason I look at my school agenda is to see when I don't have to come to school.
I favorited the last one, about the eggs. xD lmfao
WOW. Just got a nasty-gram from an Amazon seller because I left *** neutral feedback. They're demanding that I remove it! Some nerve!
time to start the night
when's your next event ?
hi bby. i love you~
Emily Temple of flavorwire/ can do no wrong.
DC: Cast your vote for Kwame Brown! Chairman of the DC City Council. "It's time for change".
Dear Ms. : My tiara looks great on you. Plz return it asap
I never have my phone on me anymore, it's useless.
Hope they all get to see the scrolls! RT : Did you know that 5.5 million visitors visit Fort Worth annually?
New Spring Menu debuts tonight! Come ch-ch-check it out.
It's been real, King's. See you tomorrow?
Game time! Get some!
I have direction now.
Great show tonight!
Guiltless and justified! haha.
what is aug10th?
Alright. Don't care about the weather. Go back to golf.
#terrygross is bringing tears to my eyes ... Incredible interviews with firefighters who survived #9/11
She does beautiful lacquer work. Check it out! RT Gallery 924 is now open with new works by Nhat Tran.
RING RING RING LOL MY S***
dear followers: this is Hilsen. Had to namechange for the NAASTL :)
On the phone with my girl Vonna girl!
Come see live music this weekend! Jimmy T. Performs tonight 7-11pm. Enjoy classic hits with Mark Croft on Saturday 7-11pm.
how's life
'there's got to be thousands of people on this' first glance at twitter
Looking forward to an honest conversation at the
what the steelers at full strenth next week when the ravens play them so there is no excuse
One Direction ♥
www.worldchampionfans.com Saints Season is upon us..... Get your banner, only a few days left to register!
can you please elaborate on what you mean by "brainwashing?" What is your reasoning behind this statement. I'm just curious.
loving my healthy pistachio snack -
Check our BABDomains.com recently launched by Big Apple Brits - Cheapest Domain Name Registration, Web Hosting, Marketing & more http:// ...
yeah! I shot a cactus with a shotgun haha.
Hey everyone, Follow off topic for THT but if you like to eat some delicious food, Vegan or Not, check it out.
No Doubt!!
In all reality boosie more than likely did it, but when a jury takes less than 90 minutes, you know the judge and jury were paid off.
I know bub we need to chill sometime.
Thank you :).
ah yes, I know what book you're talking about now. Thnx :)
my teacher said to me today he has a feeling that ima be in detention all nxt year - he has a correct feelin cuz i know i will be lol :D
Body Pump, Pilates, hunger, exhaustion.
#sincewebeinghonest Lamar Odam is making it rain!!! THREE's!!!!!
seems like this would be a great exercise for students (who have more difficulty negotiating intellectual prop)
Lakers get such homer calls
Dr Cerf discussing his work with JPL exploring the possibilities of interplanetary internet in 1998.
Great job this morning on #Charlotte Talks!
yup they r yummy
Yes we were very close. and everyday I wake up I want to call, then I realize she's not here. It's devastating.
lol too bad im not suspended
Almost done with Xmas shopping...and I had to go ahead and get an early bday treat for myself :)
Oh snap! Lol :) RT : I might have to follow my sis in-law
but he still got killed by a shark
Fascinating! said that her project (Echolytics) used the project as a service!
I started attending baseball games when the royals were still spent training in ft myers so I'd say we're both veterans
Thanks girl <3 I'm not going to let whoever this is get to me.
I hate when Kevin is post tipsy. He acts dumb and it's weird since he always try to be on his P's and Q's call it how I see it. #FLOP lol.
What better day to adopt a puppy than on #NationalPuppyDay? In Espanola #NM . In Albuquerque
Okay everyone, I am looking for a bag for my iPad 2 that works with the smart cover. It would be cool to hold the wifi keyboard too.
No problem, just busy. :)
What am I supposed to do for sports today? No NFL, NCAA FB, or NBA.
Just passed Fatty Arbuckle.
It's distracted me from all the Hot Toys / Sideshow talk I've heard on all the podcasts I listen to.
Ditto...0 Cautions Beats 1 Chopper
Survived the night. It wasn't bad in my area, but lots of people suffered damage, esp. in AL, IN, and OH. Prayers and thoughts to them.
love it! I'm doing some DIY Ombré action soon. That white collared shirt did was everything. Loved it!
Note to Idol...give judges a time out. Hire Jimmy Iovine to take their place.
Is the mob out to get you? We can provide personal protection on barter. Better the professionals watch your back!
TBF the picture is not nearly as good as it would be on proper TV but i'd have to buy one of those
Adam, Sorry I missed you. Been away from twitter for a few days. I'll email you!
My tummy is in knots :/
It wouldnt be parsons unless the graduation was a complete and utter shit show
okay that's understandable...
I agree it should be small, med,large <---- pre graduation 2xl YOUR A MAN!!!
ex* omg
Food Fact of the Day: April 2, 1863 Richmond Bread Riots occurred- Hundreds of angry women march on the governor's office to demand bread.
Sure! Shall I email you the details?
if I die before I wake, I pray the lord my soul to take because I'm ready for the funeral.
Think I want some chicken
My moms getting an iphon4s! Its gonna be non-stop texting with her lol.
hi chelsy are you following me?
change the mouse to a dog?
On this day 1974 Atlanta Braves outfielder Hank Aaron hit 715th career home run passing Babe Ruth as all time leader amidst death threats
Gettin a red bull. I need the energy for the gym!
Does anyone know if downloads can work on like Apple TV and my iPhone????
Mom,your okay with having nothing in life. I'm not, so shut up.
If you find yourself between a rock and a hard place, pick up the damn rock and throw it at someone
Planning to revolutionize theatre in Reno. Ideas?
it sure is!
In Motion, time waits for no man!
Central is planning a Halloween Party what DJ's would you like to see?
I think I have the best leg of all...I get to run over the famous 7 mile bridge at sunrise today!
Alex and Robert live !(: We got this:D Follow please?(:
Happy Birthday to me! Yes Im a virgo diva
I'm in love with and no one and nothing will ever change that!
Everybody I WAS textin fell asleep on me...smh..
Make this a Powerful day 7:00am tomorrow.
Maybe and can take on a pizza of their own!
I understand it. It's not like the skins have other needs.
Happy Mothers day to the best mom ever. ♥
Had the doctors todayy i got a inhaler ehhhh :)
Tom and Lynette is trending..... yes, they finally got back together. Thank the housewives lord!
We always have a great time full of laughter and funny stories for each other!
Off to the factory of theatre
Aright's 3D glasses - another attempt to get teens to stop hooking up at the movies.
except the import function doesn't seem to work? MT : #medlibs Import into your calendar & add your events in your calendar
RT : Cool new followers:
Speech made me feel good.
Join us for Celebrate Education on Friday, April 15. Maui Waena Intermediate School will be performing grom 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.
#ObamaSummerJobs - Gravity Tester
Hot shit, in Brooklyn. Paint it green, watermelon.
If the public option is dead, let's make all Senators & Reps give up the public healthcare they receive as govt employees too.
Also, Lou "Mambo No. 5" Bega is doing an ice show. And that is wonderful.
At Wrigley Field for #cubs v
I love how vibrant everything outside looks just before a perfect storm.
$20 Tickets to ANY PERFORMANCE of RED. Order before midnight Friday August 26th. Use code word: ROTHKO. 816-531-PLAY/www.unicorntheatre.org
Iowa legalizes Medical Corn
Hugged by a holocaust survivor, brought to tears by a refugee. Amazing time New England #FHBenefit Dinner
Sex isa sensation caused by temptation when a guy stix his location in a girl's destination to increase the population of the nxt generation
So that Abe Lincoln movie is actually a real thing. With actors and sfx & everything. Twirls An axe like he's auditioining for color guar
if people could read minds hm
Some of your anointings have not passed code. It looks good but get up to code so that God can use you.
RT thx for mentioning , we presented at L'Accademia romana di belle arti SanLuca last year so some may know it.
Niggas on A$AP rocky dick
We still need 2 producers that are looking 4 recording, touring, movies and video opprotunities.
LOOKING FOR MY MYSPACE WIFE !
RT : Can anyone recommend some kind of a Mac Mini equivalent with a killer GPU? // Tweet it if you find it
Chun: What's the difference between semi automatic happy birthday messages on Facebook and friends contacting us via spam?
Nothin above $$$ ! Except God .
"I don't know how this plays politically. But I know it is right." - on #hcr. Also applies to his #marriageequality stand.
use all this bullshit just make me strong motherfucker , so imma pick the world up & imma drop it on your fucking head!" Lol, this is ...
U guys are doing a NYC meet up, but what about a Boston event? I know we have just as many Chivers and a better city to host you!
sounds interesting
i dont want love to destroy me like it did my family
Thank you & for the signed copy of the remarkable new book #StandingOnTheSun!
Cleaning up with "love songs" pandora station playing. Super caked up mood today. <3
Just got back from taking my sister's dog Brutis for a walk. It's so beautiful outside
Yes, I've heard great things about that one! I just got it for my Kindle. Thanks!
and the name you want me to put on it..
Listening to Vivaldi's "The Four Seasons (Spring)" and wishing I was outside enjoying this GORGEOUS #nyc day!
we can talk she rather fuss .
I feel guilty when I go back to bed after getting my son off to school.
Great question! RT : How will you help young people become more engaged in the political process?
Q1: all students have the opportunity to receive a high quality public education regardless of zip code, race, gender, disability
Join us for this free webinar with HubSpot's Pamela Seiple, PR Manager, and Jeanne Hopkins, Director of Marketing, to learn why PR 2
ALERT: good thing he didn't critique r teams! RT : Who saw Galen Center on X Factor? home of USC volley, hoops & Simon Cowell.
searching for a DIRECTOR OF FINANCE in MARYLAND. Contact me confidentially via
thank you :) I love their food. I miss you
Art Day! Finishing an Illustration- should be posted on my blog tomorrow! :)
Hi Barbara. Is Shark Tank still accepting inventors for this season or possibly next? Hoping to meet you!
Niece & nephew where slightly (read "slightly" as if it is the opposite of reality) excited when they found out I was taking care of them.
Good idea.
what are you giving up for lent?
Almost everything set 4 my BDay party next tues at redemption lounge in stuart, FL. All I need now is the gifts!
I hope someone fucks you up you piece of shit.
you betcha! Keep doing the good things you do!
One FREE month of marketing and SEO coaching.... I have it... You want it?
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im going shopping all over the world :-) :-) :-)
Now it's time for the next session, How to get people talking offline with at
xoxoxo gotta love this girl !!
Very Cool! RT : thanks for following :) Nice that you are actually my 305th follower!
WHERE'S THE VIDEO?!
When your man grabs his chapstick and uses it in one use
yeah. Our bathroom has soft lighting: blessing+curse. Nice when I'm in there, but a shock on campus w/ fluorescents everywhere.
Day 4 of captain's school today. Aids to navigation. Here we go!
Amazing event at Lucas Oil Stadium, thanks to all who attended. Thanks to all of the models, you were amazing! We love you!
RT : RealNetworks Twitterview with is about to start momentarily! Get ready!
RT : "Sometimes you got to try something different to know that is right."- A. Lee 😊 ..
stick a few fingers in your teen pussy
Creepy: my Gmail and YMail p/w's were both changed ~2am last night. Both accts now recovered, but wondering: keylogger? detection tips?
"There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness." – Lady Blessington What makes you so happy that you feel beautiful?
hate me or love me its doesnt matter.....dats wats up these days
next year? we still talkin this year...lol
about had a heart attack when Mario said that SO EXCITED!
Greetings to all my friends at or headed to #musesocial! Have fun and keep doing good.
Which is to say my hobbies put the real world in stark contrast.
Children writing contest ages 10-15, Win Cash at Black Writers On Tour. www.blackwritersontour.com
Wait... the Beach Boys are releasing a new album and touring; Van Halen is releasing a new album and touring. What the hell decade am I in?
