Never tasted a WA Malbec, although some of their their cab and pinot I Like!
Also, if your service is double that of your competitors, don't get irate with me when I call you out on it.
Two words I never thought I'd see collocated: "kitten huffing". Dare I ask?
Celebrate Fat Tuesday & big savings at the gift idea shoppe! Find fun & festive madri gras gift ideas now 20% OFF!
I like Kentucky 78-71 tonight
A big hello to our new followers! We'll celebrate on Monday with a ticket giveaway! Follow us to win!
lucky yu h
lol let's not hate on them if they make it this easy to hate.
I think we all lost...
Problems like dis can turn a girl into a pot head...Lol
Review of petitions in #wirecall will take longer than 60 days, oversight board unsure how long exactly.
Mayor proposed $5.6 million reduction to the overall DYRS budget leaving the agency with approximately a $106 million budget.
I will appearing before the City of Tijuana's Commission on Border Affairs today to address several joint projects that benefit the region.
a only 1 baby mi have :p gweeh
Bored as hell!
Jacob is so sweet!! :)
Master mixologist tonight
Happy album release day! I shall have 'Neck of the Woods' on repeat for days to come, I'm sure.
Is Afterschool good? Just added it to my Netflix queue, after seeing that Jody Lee Lipes shot it.
yay! So happy you like dollface!
Haydar isn't w/ Milwaukee anymore....The best AHL team!
Does anyone own a glass pitcher?
love ? what love ? ! mia , are you ok ? are you on drugs ? GET HELP MIA , NOW !
Awaiting Team Blade Bikini Athlete Rachel Ponder to step on stage at the Shannon Dey Clasaic! Pre judging is tonight!!! Fingers crossed!
Skeptical scrutiny is the means, in both science and religion, by which deep insights can be winnowed from deep nonsense. Carl Sagan
uh wat. u stopped replying, boob. u_u RT“: its barely 11:05, and the only person whos up is and i. sigh.”
well good luck! I'm sure you'll do great!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
Day 1: youth #CommunityJournalism / #DigitalStorytelling project in E St. Louis today. Cross your fingers for us & for working tech!
dirty dirt bag
Your beautiful
I have the book on my kindle. I will read it and post a review.
What song would you like to hear us cover next?
It's just the book everyone is reading right now. I read it. I liked it. It's really "cool" right now to hate it.
and when he smiles, the whole world stops and stares for a while, cuz you're amazing, JUST THE WAY YOU ARE ♥
It was pretty intense. Staying up for 24 hours for something you care about is life-changing.
Another underwear bomb? Release the drones.
well 3 weeks till summer classes start lol
#homesteading practice in full effect. Baking bread, cakes and making cheese and homemade yoohoo.
just landed in Denver.
I miss Michael. And you, I suppose.
You go boy! : I'm a true professional
Agree with #pseweb is a great success. Well done
I want oysters for dinner! Now... where on the F line in Brooklyn can I find them?
I once passed a place in Ohio selling guns, ammo, jewelry, coins, and bagpipes. I get everything but the bagpipes. In Ohio. Random
Grace Krilanovich, James Warner, & Louise Mathias confirmed for Sunday, April 1. Save the date, and don't forget the first reading 2/12/12!
Testing Seesmic - like integration of twitter/facebook and multiple accounts. Will report back as I try out new features.
I am fortunate to be here thank you all for making me feel at home
": its "nshit" all one word"
Hi, my loves, Copperrose is very excited we are all most finished with our final mix on our new CD. coming soon. ITS GOING TO BE YUMMY, HOT
The greater danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it ~Michelangelo
Smart women who want to slap me...Twitter's kind of like being married only without all the paperwork or in-laws.
I'm getting a lot of texts from people Who need relationship advice. If I don't get back to you tonight I will In the morning. Promise!
We're drawing for an iPad at 12:30 come by booth #607to register!
Welcome to our twitter. As we progress in our startup, we will keep everyone up to date here.
i dont want this ipod touch anymore...
Tweets everyone besides me :( </3 Thanks Dylan
I'm just gonna go out with Danielle tonight. We will have a girl's night. Maybe go to the movies. Can't wait to hear ur story
Love the Miller 64 tune on radio! Makes me want to dance...but not drink Miller 64...
#Transsexual #Homosexual #Bisexual #Straight? No worries. We enjoy all lovers. Sign up now at mydateishere.com to find your date today!
Hello Columbus.. and Hello Monday!
#OOMF Has a birthday next week!!
YES RT : RT : Text from "Wait, I got mocked from the stage? I HAVE ARRIVED."
With air force one expected over us soon, the guy shooting artillery at the Seahawks tailgate may want to save those for next week...
the only girl there haha
Candy withdraws.! </3
sketchy dudes' car blocking the gate. had to crawl through the nasty ivy to get to the door. kind of sick of epa
French Montana - I Think I Love Her
Integrators, this one's for you: Learn about video surveillance in the clouds. Attend my moderated session at ISC West....
cheer up Charlie!
Crazy is the new sane.
We have the freedom to believe what we want in this country! Which is why I choose to believe it won't snow tomorrow.
Oh thieves, you will get yours
long island, New York
i wanna hoop today .
wyatt family dinner conversation of the night= world longest and oldest river trivia
Pool time...
I got 9200 on vocab today!!! Ima get some shut eye.. better u get some too besty! nite^^
Comment your twitter name for a S/O , but you gotta follow me (:
always you Josh... Stop by my friend
One can dream. It is sad to see the program in such shambles.
what you think about having?
discovered President Obama created White House Council on Women and Girls.. Want to know why it didnt get press and how i get a voice?
Shocked to see the Crimson ranked. They made Florida State look awful earlier this year. Cinderella tourney run?
it was love at first sight ever since I came out of ur belly haha
how do you get put in twitter jail??
Who wears heels to go shopping?
DH is a highly visible community of people online/on Twitter that use technology & communication +
Damn twitter...yal & these spam Dm's need to be laid to rest!!
we was hooping today i crossed the hit out a nigga he fell on his but
I hate it
#FemaleAttentionSeekingStatusUpdates I think You're the father
Latest addition to my list of potential start up ideas: a way to organize potential start up ideas.
And freeze warning tonight.
I am only even thinking about it because of being on it.
Enjoying the nature in our yard - from squirrels to myriad birds -Cardinals, Nuthatches, Titmice, Tweedle Der's??
That could be both live/love!!! I've been more productive with everything in one place and sync-able. It's really nice.
Thank you so much for your support! I'm way excited!
#HIPDC Valerie Rodgers 1st speaker at HIP discusses meaningful use of public health data & socioeconomic implications.
Dylan Byers of Politico is a fraud!
So does every one have iTunes
dont get me started on your Knicks again now that the star has returned
vice principle didnt 'approve' of my shirt..so now i have to wear kevins polo. i look like a man. and smell like axe.
Southern Fried Chicken in Great Britain?
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe - That old person doing 40 on the Freeway! PLEASE move it!
Just interviewed a drummer with an amazing goatee and mustache. Couldn't stop looking at it.
RT TO GET MORE Followers!
thanks Melanie RT : Nice photo Ankur
HAPPENING NOW: #bartrivia and #allyoucaneatwings tonight.
Yeah, I may go ahead and update today at some point. I got my pasties and hose in for the thingy this Saturday, I wanna show ya
hey u
your special pies are getting seriously elaborate. where you coming up with this stuff??
weekend, lots to do. hope you all are well. The new pics are fantastic. check em out! more in a bit....
A vast city island built opon ancient granite
i need yu to do this remix bro .
Ready for a King Holiday weekend? Come on OUT & get a spiced Chai Tea tonight. here for you until 10PM with a King Sized Sale on Everything!
turgeon is great coach they will be better. Good class and he has cleaned out riff raff
A6: I really scratch my head at some stadium naming deals...
Little power scare for a couple secs, but FULL #Grizzlies network is rocking 92.9 FM 680 AM with tip at around 12n
I think you are well within the range of doing that as always!
what does that mean excatly?
RT : Dining out 4 Life by tonight! Eat, imbibe, and enjoy and you did your good deed for folks in need!
Educated Girls >
Love my talented husband Congrats on your Grand #Prize story in #ReadersDigest. Pick up a copy today!
PINA definitely brings out the nurturing-care giver, doesn't it? But so lovely!
Almost to 450 followers! Wonder if I'll get there on glorious April 13, the day I joined the earth :)
happy birthday ya coy...wish you the best
Come join us this weekend...
*me & Seamus fighting infront of reilly* reilly:"Stop! I dont want this interaction in front of my face!" Me:"....that's what she said.."
My parents on learning of my worktrip to Argentina: Mom: "Are there cannibals?" Dad: "I don't care if you get raped, just don't get killed."
The last couple of weeks of the semester are so stressful!
Groovology with Gerald Albright sounding good.
Its Monday afternoon, Stop by to see us, here til 7pm!
On the lookout for WiFi (the free'er the better). Anybody have success?
Also at the Fair on Thursday, Passport photos!!!! If you don't already have yours come get your Passport Photo taken, Special 2 for $5.
was great
Is it just me, or have the Bruins breakout passes been just a bit off all series long?
are u ok go take a chill pill u have nothing "hater gonna hate" I am gonna eat
Rain, rain...go away!!
False. Look at the stats & compare 1st year to 1st year & 2nd year to 2nd year- Elway eons better
hey thanks for the mention!
You sure will. As long as you make the flight.
I've been known to go at 8ish for breakfast of champions.
i didnt mean to re tweet it :/
how is that even possible?
and just retweeted me. this day could literally get no better.
#USF #Library closed Monday for MLK Jr. Day.
The suspense is killing me! I am going Ides of March Madness!
Lil Wayne tought me maybe she won't...but then again..maybe she will
How am I supposed to eat a sub if its as hard as a log??
Are you following me? Follow your brother-in-law while you at it.
Ultimately, presence of children of illegal immigration in the public school system, and the general expenses that surround them
Well that made me feel better....for a second.
School! Yay, what a joy :/
Know what to do during medical emergency @ your library? Good idea to go over protocol. A young man had a seizure here this morning.
Who wants to party after graduation?
Where's candie ? ;o
Nick calm yo sperm down! o.O
Please turn your location settings back on, so each of your tweets reveals a detailed google map of Tukwila
People need to know that do their thing!! Well done fellas, well done.
am i missing something or is this just a random shout out to long-ago glory days?
u r so cute.. Follow me back
90' trail run with intervals in Z4-5a. Going to crush it today.
Pickup Line: Do you sleep on your stomach? No. Can I?
I've just tweeted for the fan vid,but I tweeted from my personal account , look at my tweets and you'll see :)
"Why is she going to be a little sailfish? Boats are cool but wtf" "Selfish Scott, Selfish"
"The Clever Contributor"
You've got this!
Shy person
wonder what Chris Paul & Dwayne Wade had as pregame meals
RT : Mr Gnome could be the best show ive witnessed this year. Absolutely silly that that much sound can be derived from only 2 ppl.
yes!! Hope you're loving London!
Let's get down to business, to defeat this test. I am el loco.
It's been great, it's been swell... Can we make everyone leave now?
ibeen findd im home right now cooking food
- thanks for the RT! :)
Greinke with 10 Ks. His last 10-strikeout game also was against #Reds. Last year on Sept. 18.
starting work on our new ep! recording today
You're the one who went to rehab, but I'm the one with issues? Something isn't right here.
OH: She looks like a Kenny G fan to me.
im good bby thinkin about u
Awesome! We would love to know for sure!
Woo hoo. RT : hyped to see the homie speak at today!
So let me get this straight; #Pats aren't doing anything and the #Bruins are down 4-0 after one with 2 shots on net.
works like a charm man... Or you give em the look.. If you havnt seen it go search it on utube haha
Imagine a 24-hour stellar Chinese restaurant... *Insert pause*
Conviction is the inner sensor alarming us to what is wrong & what is right.
I haven't taken a shower in 5 days #hipsterlife #twerk it out
No more loneliness and heartaches
I wonder what it feels like to be a normal height, and not a
Happy New Years!
So true! GM": It's a beautiful day, but I can feel the high pollen counts. I seems allergy season is starting early!"
why the sad face? thanks for following!
Lunch time. Then practicing more.
mike jones
is the quality of patient food in the hospital setting as important as medications?
Blake griffin has such a diverse offensive game lmao
It was a graphic by never made it to a sticker...but maybe it should : Anymore of those TBAG stickers left?
Thank YOU! RT Another great day at #masslib12 & fantastic career & resume advice from - thank you!
hope you had a great bday!
Recipes for dinner and for life with Nice way to spend an evening on the stoop in DC.
yeah, drug taking is like Dr. Seuss's "waiting place." It's strategic tho. The later he arrives, the more I will buy.
Going out to eat with my family then a movie #lifesgood :D
on da way now
Geneva has the most amazing spas...had the most blissful, heavenly experience♥ Now onto late lunch trying the infamous Fresh D'lite Grill(:
I'll check it out!
the free market has already priced healthy alternatives out of reach for most.
It's LOBO HAPPY HOUR!!! Come in with your ticket from Sat game and print a coupon off the Lobo Facebook page to redeem a FREE LOBO CUPCAKE!
Can't wait for June!
Somebody just got shot...I'm bout to get the fuuck..
I wonder if he is ever mistaken for some trailer park kid walking to school
super interesting blog, thanks for sharing
Nice! RT : This Bishop is imbued with Stockholm Syndrome in addition to being disingenuous and intolerant
Thanks for shoutout...right back at ya!!
Thanks for the heads up on Berlin film festivals. You told a friend who told us! Great Idea.
👈what he said 👉RT : Wouldn't mind doing something tonight........
So grateful thankful and lucky. :)
The funny thing is, I've often wondered ...
Yay is following me I just though I should mention that :-)
We <3 you too! RT : I swear one day I am going to overdose on my vitamins. I love my gummies!
Yayy thank you (: !
well it's not like he tweeted the best tweet of all time of Erik Duckart. Elliot's motto
Next week I cite a tweet of yours in English in a lecture. One month till it is in print. NB: media archaeology unfolding...
Well played Sir!
Now you're talking.
assembling in Denver next! But I am moving to LA next week!!!! :)
i dont have a phone right now
Max Pain I can't wait!
I can't cuss in front of adults. It's difficult and awkward.
take it easy n rest
nigga y'all been puttin y'all CDL to work.
Haha. I remember wondering why my parents always awkwardly left the room!
loser you don't have any 'preme.
not here! lol
Wish I knew what I wanted to do for school
Our favorite holding period is forever. Warren Buffett
Lol, now MY dad thinks we're lesbian! x)
Free Queso and great beer and wine prices 4:30-6:30 M-F all day Saturdays
Someday we will be open for lunch!
That's an unfair and unnecessary question. Dirk clearly has the best hair.
Crazy day yesterday. Just now recovering from the workload. And then there's more workload!
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield. Warren Buffett (1930 - ).
I'm sick and staying off of work...
Dan Isett, PTC: dominant form of media remains television. V-chip has been an abject failure.
Starting your Monday off right will produce a productive rest of the week!!
Happy birthday to Bob Marley, the legend.
Pretentious coffee sounds great. Tuesday or Thursday best for me. Let me know!
:When you encounter a wall, tell yourself: "Since there is a wall here, a wide, open expanse must lie on the other side."
is hearing rumors... about stuff... and things...
So when LeBron scores 0 points in the fourth quarter because he sits out, are we going to argue that he's un-clutch?
Why cant i be old enough already to move to a new country?…
hey just got back from the game. wow. w e beat detroit's asses today. sorry I saw you lost...
Gurl, chill that winky face out..
very cool!
Hi RB Thx 4 Flwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
IKSRTFO<<< I'M KNOCKING SOMEBODY RIGHT THE FUCK OUT!
Lmao!!! Why are these cats posting profile pic's of there lips!? I don't wanna see pro-pics of lips!!! Well... Hum? Lmao!) Hahaa!!!
if you mean the Business of Golf Instruction, yes I am. or is there a different? i've seein your stuff, good work!
lol it means exactly what u just said to me i say to u to but instead of saying it u say likewise. lol u never heard of it
O baby I won't give up on us.
I really need a 2nd round of Anybody wanna help me out?
Its so good! so much drama, I love it!
When it Rains it fucking pours.
it would be worth it though
these guys don't stink. Virginia seems to have the most kamikaze skunks.
A birthday is just the first day of another 365-day journey around the sun. Enjoy the trip. HAPPY BIRTHDAY
lmao. True that :)
I want my slice of the American Pie
quickest shower in the history of mankind?
I am now following 2,000 people.
Three more followers until we reach 1000! Who's gonna be the one!?
Feeling VERY liberated... Watch your step :)
O goodness! I didn't mean to keep you up! I'm going to go to bed too! What are you watching?
R/T S/O in #Bella32 wit my fam, y'all need to get here, it's going down
stupid skyrim update makes my ps3 freeze everytime i go underwater. i'll cut somebodeh!
Big game tonight against New Jersey. Whose Tuning in?
RT : Running and yoga is the fitness plan today
"There ain't no party like a knitting party." - knows.
The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was $1.3 million.
Have you encouraged anyone today? Find someone to speak life to. Yes, you count, too.
Rytes Warriors 2013 playing in Central Texas Shootout in Austin. 2-0, defeating Texas Ambassadors - Carlton and SA Mustangs in Pool Play
possibly. I dunno, I rarely watch other NFL or MLB games. but NBA playoffs... that's my shit.
Special Sun night event at David's! “: Tmrw night for SKC v. ChivasUSA: My house at 8pm if anyone's available.
So Lil B is giving a lecture at NYU. I have officially lost all hope in humanity and the value of literacy
Can't wait to see & on Saturday night. Hope it's a nice night at CBP!
sometimes, yes.
RT : Man is rated the highest animal,at least among all animals who returned the questionnaire.~Robert Brault LOL!
Whatever you're most consistent in will B evident in your life. Actions speak louder than words. But never forget: Words R powerful—ask God!
Don Brown!
That is surface. Techniques changed, brain research added. Tasks & way we treat kids different.
After watching that cheap hot on #Hossa, I'm about ready to put my pads back on & beat that worthless Coyote's ass myself!
Got the official word-my one woman show, LIFE ENCOUNTERS will be listed in Theatre World..a part of NYC theater history
MJ and Scottie made rodman a HOFer...he did squat shit for pistons and spurs...
About to jump on the phone with NFL HOFer Lynn Swann to talk some
Guy who knocked me out of yesterdays tourney made the final table. At least he made good use of my chips
I'm gonna stop trying right then.
Welches fruit snacks are disgusting!
Ya i roll a blunt, but my girl does it for mee
Smh im be str8 getting them hours since school over
boy they sure snatched defeat from the jaws of victory tonight
Followed. Follow back please :)
ME PLEASE. i love you
Respect my Gangster. Man I forgot how funny this movie is
Studio Sundays !!
Can't seem to bring himself to grade the last few project proposals. Why are the last few always the hardest?
Did you make it back? Lloyd & I walked the waterfront this morning. Let me know.
hey ;) come here often?
thanks. Show the follow back love!
With a Ph.D. in Chemistry, suprised she didn't come up with something a bit more original than a vinegar and baking soda volcano
Refine your tactics of level-headed, calm and confident defense in the midst of an attack, rather than resorting to emotional return fire.
We're working on it. IT is supportive. Just need to get others on board.
BRITTANY IS A WEIRDO!
Chillin on a dirt road.
Anyone else notice any slow connection problems?
M&#39;s Art Impressions: Make it: Citrus Salt Body Scrub
i'm not.
#ObamaFirsts First President to get zero votes for his budget.
My momma told me about #Tumeric the new miracle food.
I'd rather burn $100 billz then end up like a rich dick head.
Need a shawty to come an replace my teddy bear thats layin next to :-( #thunder an rain thoughts
Sleepy but still on lol
Two tweets below yours in my feed was this from : "Graphic: Qaddafi family tree"
Work At Home Mum Makes £4,397/Month Part-Time .... ?????? :D
Sorry- w/ Cenk on illegal immigrant issue. Blame her parents, but cannot reward ppl for breaking the law.
whoops, only saw this now. I don't know, but I'm sure we'd all chip in for a taxi if you need!
: hahaha classic. salty she had a cape on doe!
I have created a few posters like your RA of my own if you would like me to contribute them to your cause, let me know. I share :)
Today One Of Dem Dayz.. Monday -_-
Sure is, best breed and only breed I've ever owned. Chesty just turned 6.
#YouWereCuteUntil I figured out you smoke
that was amazing!
They really separated !
"One civilized reader is worth a thousand boneheads." - H. L. Mencken // thanks to
miss ya too. Let's make another video soon. And I really want to meet your new family member... So happy for you.
Just got done with Planet Gemini, great crowd, with
i love skypee:]
Well I did few up in Morocco actually. I got here when I was 18 to go to college :-) Been here around 10 years now!
Relationships are worth fighting for, but you can't be the only one fighting.
Get to see in like 12 hours.
Centerfield has played. 2012 is officially underway.
Aye i left my hard drive on the floor by the stairs. put it in dads rom with my phone & shit fa me.
Whats the point in liking someone who doesn't like you back? There is no point. But you cant help who you like, it's not up to you.. Your <3
Why every time I go to panda express there cooks are always Hispanic ! I swear they whip it up better than the Asians lol #real talk
Kobe "The Closer" Bryant
okay I'll come by and pic them up
3 more periods until we go off on defense
Questions Continue to Linger Over Berkshire Succession
Happy new year east coast
How big/diverse is the crowd? Is it the choir? Any insights? [Yes, inquiring minds ....]
Hello Raymond, thank you for the mention and as always I appreciate your support and encouragement.
Sorry #grammys - music's biggest night this year was when Justin Vernon finished mixing "Bon Iver". I ain't watching.
#clippernation due to an ill untimely CPRFirst Aid training ill be missing the game. Cant even check my phone. Please win.
great minds think alike!
Uploading pictures from Erics ♥ party last night !
Being ungrateful only leads to disappointment
Call DUI Trudy if you have a pending arrest for a DUI or need legal counsel (615) 250-8000 # taking care of business!
People only wanna talk to me when my phones on silent.
She Did that
hey guy we are getting like tons of snow here in the Outerbanks,NC.
Thanks! I'm a firm believer in offering everything possible in HighRes for free.
Then again, if you're tall & attractive, bring yo ass over here lol
Use real words! MT : Companies who use text speak (like 'ur gr8') make 40% less revenue than those who spell words correctly.
what happened???
Congrats RT : “: League source confirms four-year deal for Lions rookie wide receiver Ryan Broyles.”
Pro Rata => Proportionally
#FTW > RT : Gaylord, big night dc party w friends RT : 22. Any NYE/NY plans?
Let's be honest, your girlfriend looks like Courtney Love did while reading Kurt's suicide note to fans.
Was anyone at the pop punks not dead tour in jersey if so you might have seen the tta shirt on NFGS bass drum :)
Its a beautiful day out... That means Happy Hour Wednesdays at Bounce Sporting Club #NYKnicks vs #Spurs Tn 8:30 Countdown to
Eyes are tired from staring at computer, time for diner and a movie
#whatwomenrthinking why do women look at other guys when they with there man
...& i'll say it again: life moves pretty fast. you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it. ferris bueller
Such a joyful weekend with perfect weather in a long time.
you make me giggle. Thanks Twit!
Hi all. Currently, our site is unexpectedly down. We are working on remedying the issue quickly. Thanks for your patience!
Mommy Time in ONE week!!!!
Okay John the ripper RT : My kinda town RT “: One in five women in 1700s London were prostitutes.”
RT : Just saw a probably 4yo girl say to her dad, "So, what's this "Egypt" thing?" complete with air quotes. Classic.
Ice cream+girl scout cookies+bourbon+blender=sure solution for a post-class tonic? Or...MUDDER'S MILK?? You decide.
*removed* RT FATabul0us_Lola I had all four wisdom teeth removal at one time and was just numbed up... Saw and hear everything!
Big Donkey
yes it sure does!
#ThingsMyExsaid your penis is tiny!
I love you though!
oh ok shit Didnt know. You live n your own
Kellan Lutz looks sexy in the new Breaking Dawn trailer.. Unf.
thank you kindly for the
i noticed that Austin eats at Olive Garden. a loot.
Cool, come to Akron when you're done!
Looking forward to introducing Molino High #School in Forestville, CA to the tomorrow afternoon.
private show
#WhenImAlone I think about how it used to be <3
is having a marathon on USA :)
#nowplaying Treading Water ♪ Chris Brown
Statistics show that if you dont have a burrito and a margarita everyday, you will die. Its science man.
Anytime I see #7 on the floor for the #Bulls, I still think it's Ben Gordon.
": when you hit the coast, maybe you'll finally see, and then you'll turn it all around and come back to me"
RT : The forum will give community members a chance to testify about city's jail conditions Check our homepage tmrw 4 link.
I stand in solidarity w/ my colleague in demanding all sides be heard & insist women not be demonized for expressing their views
Thanks for the shout out Trevor!
love that place! I'm at old Chicago in Lexington... Hm
so #excited for tomorrow :) gonna watch 'The Lucky One' in cinema with my friends :)
Get out.
Some girls are so oblivious to everything
Fucking auto type. Meant Kat Stacks.
OhEmGee. Im bored
Coming home from the gym and having some fire ass food waiting for you >>>>
Time goes by super fast.
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube. please follow me back angeles. =)
Maybe because you haven't tried Tamale Boy ;)
might do that when I have some time. thanks!
Any and all good vibes sent my way today, or at least for the next hour or so, would be greatly appreciated.
Pinnnnttttssss :) I love you follow me :)?
saving me the trouble of deciding! :-) (2/2)
It's nice when others think you are great but much more important is to know you are special unique&wonderful regardless what THEY think!
"I can't possibly say what I mean/need to say..." Stop writing like this, people. Not everything is predicated on your perceived failure.
What is your favorite mobile app?
Thanks Vince! It's not just a pretty face, the new-look is the foundation for substantial work to come. Stay tuned.
just yelled #AmberAlert at the bar
very cool. I left the one I made on your cam if you want to check it out.
Our chi girl is a LH as well. Love all Chi babies, but there is something extra special about the LH variety! :D
Listening to #CallMeMaybe by 's artist So awesome!!
&T you sold me some crap accessories for my iPhone for $50! A hard case that broke when it fell & a protector screen that doesn't stick.
this is utterly INANE i am in disbelief :(
Dear Minka Kelly, How do you go from Derek Jeter to Wilmer Valderrama?
No accountant needed...just bring your drinking pants and your math skills (to count the bottles)!
Not sure either, lol. I'll look at them tonight, it's a great shot and it will be fun.
First tweet!
#Sharks tie it up. Go
god, loll
Goodnight Twitter! Bad night but whatever...
haha sorry... I get distracted easily.
Going classic...poker, smoke and whiskey.
Your newest episode 'Driving Tori Crazy' was very interesting,specially the part with the song 'Five Fingaz to the face'!
When? I'm down if I don't have 2 work
Occupiers at terminal 6 just left with the big, blow up pig. Just a few remain. Kind of boring, actually.
Emergency Patches Pushed for Flash, PHP - CSO
#1DReadSheaStylinsonsStory help trend it!
Foxtrot in the driveway under the moonlight...incredible!
how are you hungry bro we ate like 3 hours ago.
would love to see the family violence study added to issuelab. DM me if you want me to upload it!
Do you realize if it weren't for Edison we'd be watching TV by candlelight? Al Boliska
- Thanks for the bday wishes!
sorry aroldis chapman... steve nebraska is still better
Is anyone else in the real estate industry experiencing a flurry in the market??Things are picking up these days!
As a kid, my choice come from this formula: ((Weather+Chicks+Playing Time)-(institutional control))+partybus=UCLA
Larry Stylinson is so much to handle right now.
another fiscal year, another delicious summit! beard still smells of ribs, though. no complaints.
GifBoom is awesome :D
When he fits like a glove how can you say no !? haha jus bullshtn
The #Mavericks respond with a 7-0 run to start the 4th. #Blazers lead 74-73.
Please let me know if you know how to publish book or illustration
aman I dont play about my daughter. I will my grandma did that when I was little but my child her life ill do 25 life play me
Seriously, no one is asking you to sing.
That is too cute! Yeah kitties!
#Steiner sports memorabilia doing a nice job partnering with Neiman Marcus and Chase Ultimate Rewards
trying to muster up the strength to punch Hollywood in the dick for the second week in a row... Okay.
Changing so much water per week might seem like a waste. Tip: Water potted plants with old aquarium water.
My children are the best, brightest, most untainted part of me.
I should make cookies.
35 minute wait on hold is ridiculous
finally over the cold! I think that sampling a bottle from my collection of The Colonial Estate-Exile 2005 last night helped. Pure magic!
Love it! RT Don't try to win over haters. You're not the Jackass Whisperer.
cant believe tomorrow is
Ayye Bruh I'm feeling that Attire Beat. What you selling ya beats for
Uhmmm I'm just gonna say that was completely on purpose.... We need Artest in the next series
If you're with gay marriage being against your morals, you should take a look at your own life. I'm sure you'll find more than a few "sins".
yeah, what was up with that. Did go rogue?
I feel like Clark has so many lesbians
Most iranians do not want this ayatollah regime. They detain, murder,kill.
#FF thanks for RTs and mentions this week:
I wish I could tweet smells cause this food im eating smells great
Check out the new Twitter account for tweets in English from the Foreign Ministry
thanks girl <3
haha I feel ya
I have a select # of FREE tix to my improv comedy show tomorrow! 8PM in Shrm Oaks, CA. Message me to be "on the list". Oh- and its BYOB.
Well at the end of the day I think the biggest bitch was Tami because well I think all bullies are bitches that's just what I think
Toy Bombs playing at dba256 wine bar in Pomona tonight, 9pm!
That said, he is using a new approach, little used since Jimmy Carter: Telling the obvious truth. Too bad lies are always in season.
Hey Chris, we do have different payment plans. Would you like someone to reach out to you regarding promotions for any plans?
Anyone have connections for Knoxville, Chattanooga, and Nashville for this summer?
You can be on the radio. get in touch.
my daughter got a million words this year too! congrats to your son!
And that's Real
Viditza will be using the #healthycities tag for posts related to specific projects in specific cities around the globe.
That was another missed call.
will you meet us by the front?
Happy Mothers Day! You don't know me but I've watched you for hundreds of hours! Oh wait that sounds so creepy! Love #24 best ever.
Lil Wayne taught me that if your drowning in the pussy you can swim to the butt . - Jenna Marbels
No one likes a hypebeast
greatest of all time
CAN'T WAIT UNTILL SEP.20th.METH COMING I'M TALKING ABOUT BARRVIN GAYE,ROTHA VANDROSS,OR ANY OTHER NAMES THAT BOY COME WITH I FUCKS WITH.
Well today sucked.
To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring. G Santayana Love 4 Seasons!
oh I will for sure!
I look like a bum right now.. but im comfy ^_^ lol
Audition in the valley:)
Its hot af.
#belfor website is busy because of the show that was just on tv?
looking forward to your review of american born chinese. and sad that these months of ya reading are coming to an end... sigh
Good stuff! Thanks!
Live like Spongebob. Laugh out loud all day without any reason, and annoy the mean people with your happiness.
Ughh, i never wanna get up in the morning -__-
why might you be moving? :/
#GlenCampbell is a very nice guy who deserves a Lifetime Achievement from #Grammys. Let's find a cure for Alzheimer's.
Totally in love with #CFFolks - pretty awesome venison and convo
I'd like it if you brought me yourself
Only 2 MANIC MONDAY DEALS LEFT!
Pancho's in Huntington Beach, Los Toros in Chatsworth or El Cholo's in Santa Monica! My fave places.
mhmmm :( but it will be nice to relax!
Thank you so much! Hope you are both having a wonderful day :))
Yeah, man...I thought the internet was supposed to be the end of that kind of thing.
National Emergency Alert System Test 2 p.m.
Just completed a nat'l commercial audition. It was my perfect type. And it went very well! Fingers crossed.
I want there to be one celeb who ACTUALLY dates a fan.
It is good to be home for a bit!!
What about XKCD?
me either so glad!!!!!!! How was vegas??? Have u saved for Hawaii?
I refuse to watch Sister Wives anymore until Cody gets a 5th wife. Playaaa playaa!
u got those NB 890s at Peak still if so what's a guy like me gonna get those for
“: Bye, bye Penguins...” I knew I liked you!
Incredibly cleansing to set up the new laptop from scratch but also incredibly time consuming.
Yard work then watch the Masters...nice little Sunday
I wish twitter had a like button and facebook had a retweet button.
Dance party at Hooters!
Nice to hear from another brother! Sadly, the foot business is busy...summer brings too many injuries! How is it with you?
NCAA UPDATE: Ohio State, seeded No. 2 in East region, to play Loyola, MD on Thursday in Pittsburgh.
RT : #UnfitMitt has no economic plans for the country which haven't already been tried & failed by Bush
Fuck yeah Giants!!!!
Sid the squid of the chesapeake salt water association came to our plot and is reminiscing about the good ol days in the prohabition era
Is it dumb to learn spanish for almost a decade and then drop it for chinese just b.c i have the plague? The pay in Latin america sux too..
Thank you to everyone! The more fans we get the more people we can get the ladies exposure 2 & make them stars.
Hi! Please email your question to: craftybastards[at]washingtoncitypaper[dot]com
ewww don't remind me, I swear I thought he was gay
8 hour birthing class today. Chair is killing me. Can only imagine how my wife feels. Ughh
#QuoteOfTheDay "There's only one person that can rub their nuts on my back." Umm... That just came out of 's mouth!
I know 125lbs will be great
You can't drive without car insurance.
“ Wrath is not the opposite of love. It is the love of God in action against anything that opposes it.”
Not sure why t-rex is trending but I like it.
Happy Valentines Day - Gleukos is looking at the 3 area Jensen's stores. Swing by and pick up few pouches, before heading out of town.
Thanks for the follow...I would love to come on your show and make my Muligatawney Soup sometime! Larry Thomas
Electric Windmill #2 will be up in a few days!
VMAs Are On., Holy Fuck., Did You See GaGa.????????? JUSTIN BIEBER IS GONNA BE ON.!!!!(:
Thanks for retweeting the Scripture. May your day and week be filled with the sparkling clean feeling that God can give.
Look Out for Yung Bambino "The Intro 2" Featuring Memphis Biggest Artists - Coming Soon!!!!!
Just woke up from a after party in LA. The Bet awards was last night. Ate some Jerrys Deli!
Watching the Halo 4 trailer. :O
When I did- I would compare it 2 ripping the Devil's claws right out of u... Continued next tweet
best song ever!
Happy Game of Thrones Day! Kill em ALL Starks!!!!
No, they're probably just the first "fake newlyweds" to separate so quickly.
Sounds lovely.
Nice! I Love So much talent!
which might surprise some people that think the use of their personal accounts matters.....
four more days :) can't wait
so does john think his brother is annoying still?
thank you my son
Thinking about going for a network certification...I just can't seem to quit this education game.
That song, impossible for nearly everyone but Houston, had to have been made for her.
Yes, please get on that. I'd like to meet KD also. Thanks!
thanks my dude
Time to dance
I can't wait to get home to listen to this! RT : Good Old War - Come Back as Rain - 2012 (320 kbps)
Hopefully, Libya will turn out better that the last time. And the time before that. And that time before that other time. And that time ...
Looking at apartments!
Are you coming home?
"The Hunger Games": really good (and almost as terrifying as middle school)
is so sexy (;
Shoutouts to Warbeats for posting our videos in their "How to Sell Beats" tutorials section! Thanks for showin' love!
Oh holidays. Getting started at the tonight!
it's testimony time! ;-)
Damn...don't know bout that call...
I'm betting the ovation is going to be long and loud! Did you get a good seat?
WAIT?!?!?! ITS 's birthday!! happy bday! MUST BE AMAZING 2 HAVE SUCH AMAZING FANS LIKE US!!
I am thinking about getting a BMW 320i Cabriolet for a new car!
Thank you, , for having a strong record and belief in supporting a woman's right to choose
being white
Nice piece in Speaking Freely about science. The practice of calling conservatives anti-science is anti-science.
Great workout ;) #floating&stinging
I think I'm anne of green gables
- haha me too. phone at 68%!
u super late. I been on here. I didn't know u were on here either tho
you mimic that lil asian kid?
Hit the corners & mix in the splitfinger w/huge drop.
never would.. ;)
- I am so proud of u. U were amazing & despite the judges mean & wrong comments. U killed on the trio. U are perfect!! <3 u.
": One week from today #KingsIsland begins its 40th anniversary season!"
Teaching "dialog" lesson tomorrow. Any suggestions on great scenes to show that r high school freindly?
Cops: Alcohol a factor in wrong-way crash
WOW...Fantasy football stud AND you tweet during the games...is there anything you don't do?
Awesome! Did she like it?
Thank to all the sponsors at Texas Get Online with /cc , I plan to learn a ton! :)
haha yea sge also wanted to go up but she didnt
love that one ( new Hampshire)
Fireworks from Marine Barracks woke up our kids.
We have shipped the next batch of bandcamp orders folks. Vote for us to play warped tour at "www.battleofthebands.com/u/CoyoteTheory"!
There is power in thought! The mind is a powerful thing!
Finishing my author-speaker training website in the next several days. Excited to share it with you. XX
kissed right in front of
what's up sergie? :)
putting in a request to be included in the phalanx
tough loss... didn't have a great game but I'm still a #Linsanity fan!
they showed mary a minute ago she's there!!
“: Meant to say...absolutely HATE depending on people”.
We are that awesome for sure!
Greater Wash Haiti Relief Committee sponsoring events at Haitian Emb tomorrow. W.Gwhrc.org
Take a break from your holiday shopping. Stop by on 1st & Lomas for some hot fresh french toast!
hahahahahaha!!! OMG!! maybe johnson will do it NEXT time:)
I just ate 5 Twizzlers for lunch at 2:30. That's probably OK.
God im tired and bored ass hell, eh fuck it gunna sleep with hollywood undead playing.
Sunday blues are the worst.
I didn't know you were from MD! My folks live in Bowie. Small world :)
Tub Doctor (TubDoctorIndy) thanks for the follow.
people started talking to each other in my head, that's when I started to write the novel #USC #writers conference
lol you look nothing like that!
That's a big reason I ended up in the online end of preservation. Couldn't draw my way out of a bag.
19 year old talent RT“: that looks like something a prisoner on 20yr sentence would make.”
craig how much for a drawing of victor cruz, he is going a huge event dor me on tuesday... lmk thanks
LAYING DOWN WATCHING PAID IN FULL B4 I TAKE THIS NAP!
for the record straight your aunt kate is the only one to teach you bad words cause she teaches my son them 2
We do what we can!
Didn't anyone tell these players that horizontal stripes make your ankles look fat?
I wonder if I tweet candyman 3 times what would happen
Your love is my drug :D
Found out they passed the gay marriage law today:) good, they have no right to keep people in love from marrying.
Attending CLE-Two Hats, One Lawyer: Demystifying Privilege and Confidentiality for In-House Counsel sponsored by
#informantbureau is at #sxsw some of the coolest tshirts ever!!! Follow!
but if they are then....its okayy guyz(: lololol
Is the way it is DD got this we know this MR DEPENDABLE will get it.all good just giving you crap.
In May 1867, Black protesters staged ride-ins to protest segregation of streetcars in NOLA & around the south
And I have been reminded again today why I'm not in accounting...
eh, nah I'm still not even sleepy -.-
Yes please! <33
Talking PR missteps with on WCCO-AM w/ Susie Jones, G.R. Anderson and Amy Gustafson at 1:00 pm. Gotta be more interesting than the Vikes!
Agreed... Cities are a party! Good thing, because they are hard work too...
“: I tweeted a picture! You're clearly not on your Twitter game today!” get it together
Yes, very cool! Interesting to see how people perceive their neighborhood or "Livehood"!
Bout to go back to the old me
watching celtics heat draw 95 / 95 ! okay pierce just got a free throw...
I'm afraid Nashville is done. Phx LA will be a bruising series.
Beltre's grand slam, and a 4-0 record!
New Year's resolutions in the works include belly dancing, writing, seeing friends. Need to focus, though!
hitting the treadmill can be a real grind - but in cold climates it's sort of a necessary evil.
Tell me something I don't know. RT : President Obama: "Same-sex couples should be able to get married"
Happy Cinco De Mayo and S/O to all my sexy Latina women
I want to talk about the tour so bad, but there are a couple more brush strokes...Been painting my ass off though.
been editing like crazy. NOW U will b able 2 listen 2 episodes anytime u want! by site/ill post them/or by email. details soon
Myth: hair grows after you die.
Homemade spaghetti and meatballs and my favorite show is back! #Bachelor tonight!!
The more bizarre my suits get the more I feel like... Matthew Lesko.
Thank you so much!! We'll have some videos to go along with the album pretty soon!
ice cream for KE$HA
So I hear has butt jewelry. Starting the new trend.
Lap Dance is trending.....gives me ideas.....
Are you or someone you know looking for a Marketing Coordinator?, Help you through social media?, Event Coordinator? Let me know.
;) Don't drink anymore Jameson!! It has turned u green!! lol J/k cute pic
Jamming to some Jeff Lorber...
Welcome Wheels, love your commentary "that's nasty"!
Legooooooooooo! Adam Freakin Jones! Solo Bomb!
love the show! but why don't the guys ever get makeovers? don't leave them in the dust!
Hope u & ur lovely wife had a great opening of tonite! I have a few friends in it too. Can't wait to see it!
The fucking face has two eyes like this *-.- !!! you put it like this, -. ! aha
mom, stop being a boob punch
are you talking about expansions on KEXP?
Hopping in the shower
#Orioles magic!
Sing Your Song makes me want to buy all of Harry Belafonte's music. He sings a mean Have Nagila & Guantanamera.
Hearing about Responsive Design by w/
what's with the red hat
I think you should go ahead with the end party just in case... :)
Maybe kissing is sort of like natureMy coffee
ECUSA has this trouble too. It's outrageous! Kids have spiritual needs, and we can't go on without them.
Great stats and definitely inspiring; reinforces that life starts after 40...make that 55!
you think? I've been staring at them for months trying to decided what needed to be added.
dont let me fork your flat spoon butt
New topic - Trip to Monterey Region
WE LOVE ALL OF OUR FOLLOWER ..... LOVE <3 <3
I want to watch The Human Centipede >:o
The Morning Ledger: Risky Loans Make Comeback - Wall Street Journal (blog)
Taking 5 steps forward but 15 steps back....
Sorry to hear that. We are VERY affordable and have financing. Hope you get relief soon.
I'm here having breakfast - ordered sweet potato pancakes, eggs and sausage off senior menu - seniors over 55 eat free 3p to 5 p m - m - f
A Separate Piece of Piece
Am thankful to have served in Iraq but am glad the troops are coming home and that it is over. Thanks for ending it!
When life's path is steep, keep your mind even
Kirschenbaum begins with NYTimes story in 1981 about deletion of text from using a word processor
considering your personality?
Lamborghini murcie ; your man is so thirsty 🍸🍸🍸🍸
My professor sounds like the teacher from Jimmy Neutron
The weather in Echo Park today is perfect!
$10 off our Hot Stone Pedicure! This week only!
like i am craving them. sigh
Third time in two weeks someone has complained to me about their job then added, "But I'm glad to have one." Brutal times.
On any given night in America, anywhere from 700,000 to 2 million people are homeless.
Youve gone away, but the love still lives here.
Flo lives at 187 unicorn dr
my biggest fan wrote "GALLUPER FOR LIFE" today on the board in english. love you xox.
(Monika Codourey) examines ever more exacerbated questions of class (and aesthetics) in contemporary airports
swear never stay in my ears
The concert was amazing.
Congrats to for advancing in the #NCAATourney last night!
Really like the color choices, #graphics & #layout on your #website. Very nice, well done #design work! :) :)
New pic published: Portraits of New York Big Mike, umbrella pictures, underwater cameras
here this Saturday! Use code Hillman15 for a ticket discount!
RT : One good thing about Brantley on TV: His refusal to give score/inning/out updates isn't a problem. On radio, it's maddening.
shut up and come on xbox ya dink
all the way in #Miami but still thinking bout dat #seperationanxiety lol
#JohnnyGant is currently at #GoldenGloves nationals with but stop by! Workout!
RT : Amig de #LATISM let's show my students what a real-time is #MAUSMClass < here!
"Hit the Lights" premieres on Vevo/MTV this Wednesday Nov. 16th... take a peek at the live performance from the...
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
D3 extends good luck wishes today to: N.N., J.O., P.W., C.M., R.N., G.P., M.H., and of course, K.G.! Thanks R.M. for your exemplary work!
Nick C:its christmas Bitches Me: No it aint u dumb ass >:-( NICK C:BUT I STILL LUV U <3 my Swagg stupid bestie Nick Cora
Yep, you right!
haha...yes, they are.
Happy Birthday my love:)!
haha! that's a new one!
#ThoughtsWhileRunning just keep running.
Until you can be true to yourself, you cannot be true to anyone else!!!
- Go Donna Go!
The fog is clearing . . . .life returning to normal? No more being stuck in tenant/landlrod law hell for a while!
I'll be your Valentine! RT: : Why doesn't want to be our Valentime? Is it that floozy again?
Looking for a talented Senior Oracle/Microsoft SQL Server DBA to provide database technology leadership to a team of developers building bu…
playing with a plastic flippy light-up menorah
Allegro Dance Company on the road this weekend at St Francis University in Loretto Pa!
Light housework has turned into a full day of chores and errands. Shouldn't I be out riding? I need a beer.
The TV hiatus is over!! All Stars and Jersey Shore tonight!
It was really good! Give it at least 9 months!
heey ! i have the shirt your wearing in your profile picture.i know random.kbye.<33 :)
yes we will run contests here on Twitter too :)
Guess I'll go tan!!☀
It's supposed to drop into the mid 30's tonight! Yikes.
Up early on em
This bitch !
Just hopped on the Amtrak in New Orleans after meetings at the Final Four
The tube of super glue is glued to the cap
are you having a blast at playlist live??
Just saw it a week or so ago. Love Kristin Wigg.
Trust is like a broken mirror; you piece together all the pieces, but you'll always see the cracks in your reflection…
guitar, begin! and GO CAPS!
Can you imagine the jobs that will be created if the housing market were to start correcting itself now??? Ask me, I will tell you.
Wish We could Go Back to The 70's Dance Like Theres No Tomorrow Have Peace & Groovy Love Get High and Have Fun.♛ Best Fucking Life EVER<3
sounds fun, but I'm SO not meant for LA lol
Did u c me checkin u out @ musicfest? ;)
was a pleasure meeting you last month when we were leaving the tech meetup. Told you I follow you on Twitter!
Mighty lil fundraiser in the making here! Working on my, I WALK- Colorado AIDS Walk photo now!
im so tired all i want to do is go to sleep but its to early :(
It was like of him and his friends and it said HI. (:
no. They're 4 different friends in 4 different locations.One had her baby last night. Just lots of pregnant friends right now.
Been locked down since 1:30 glad this shift almost over
Gleukos "mobile" on ice. Pretty Cool
I see that the Sesame Street Challenge is over, when will you announce the winner?
I think you talk to every guy in our school #DesperateMuch?
I wish Eric Souliere would call me in again! Work it Universe.
sounds like a great gig and a great way to be #productive while working.
this will help me get there alot easier
rt 👯👯👯. What are these three squares?
Rachel Maddow is awesome.
A huge glass of water, Advil, a long hot shower, and a bowl pack is the perfect cure. End of story.
Why the tension!!
Director Frank Straub on the air live tomorrow 7-9pm the JT Show on 95.9 FM. Tune in or stream at freedom959.com. Don't miss this interview
okie dokie! sorry to miss you!
I wonder if they will laugh when I am dead?
Ryan Butcher is our DJ tonight. Come listen to him spin.
Touche. But in this case, yes. :)
Fourth Thursday afternoons of the month
They are rarely worth the cost, actually :/
I trained my first client today and it went really well, bring on more clients!
why are you making fun of me?
Congrats to the newlyweds Mr. & Mrs. Joel Terry!! Time to change your #twitter handle :)
Is it bedtime yet?!?
Gotta a headache :/
"You going home early is comparable to a unicorn roaming the streets of NYC. Highly unlikely."
Great photos! and a cool idea for a blog/project thing. :)
Hey is tha mane!
is going to sign up to become a Reston Runner, and prepare for the Baltimore half-marathon in October.
loves getting paid to workout. One of the best jobs ever. Second to working in a library, of course.
HoraceIn this world a man must either be an anvil or hammer
Yeah that Hologram thingy. Already been done. TLC did it with Left Eye. Not new. Stop your blood clot gawking. (just being a jerk;)
I wish you would and google 3
#Redskins bitch
I am going with Memphis and Miami in the Finals. This year, I believe LeBron will silence his critics. What do u think?
My Money < Ur Cash
": thanks. All the beat downs u gave me helped make me strong." At least you know it was for the greater good.
New Holland Brewing bringing their "Art in Fermented Form" to Beer Hoptacular! 18 Days and counting...
If you're ever in Los Feliz go to Cap n' Cork liquor store. 10 freezer cases full of the best selection of craft beer I've ever encountered.
morning Brian and Tim :-)
I have a feeling Kobe will have a Jordan-esque game tonight.
I get ANGRY. Karma will get even for me. lol
Oh, changing the profile pic.! RT so cute honey:)
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
My manager trying to get me "dates" that's not cute -__-
Love seeing close up!! Da Beast!!!!
Thanks for the follow
#theartist - very clever movie
- Yes - and what He experienced to gain it all back and some...
LOVED seeing the smash the punk lakers. LOVE IT !!!!!!!
I just don't know
Because selena's with the illuminati they promote her way... More & demi is not whick is way better
Friday Night Lights baby!
if u do make it to #innotech try & bring old cell phones to donate for a great cause . stop by and check us out
and he continues...1 more hour to redeem himself, but not sure if he can make it up though.
Great meeting you man! N.O. is a crazy place. Call you this week about scheduling.
I was able to watch only 50:48 minutes of the movie. Ugh. I'll download the rest tomorrow.
You shouldn't throw stones If you live in a glass house
Ok. Will do. could be a good book too.
The Salty Caramels are playing Hookahville this Sunday at 5pm!!
you can now buy 's new album,
Damn, fuck that dream. That would be tragic. Gonna sound crazy but i had a dream my brother died before i found out
Nah he isn't coming back I think he is playing for The Puerto Rican or Dominican Basketball team
Not right now, but will keep you in mind for future.
st marten in octooooobeerrrrrrrrrrrrr
Get your TAN ON*Specials*Buy 5 UV Tans, get 2 FREE! Buy ANY membership, and tan the rest of March FREE! Be sure to ask about our LOTION SALE
i wish you would follow me :)
Just finished this month's Book Club read -- Fairy Tale Interrupted. (r terenzio). And I cried at the end. Naturally.
Philly's Youth vs Boston's experience. Who do you have winning Game 1? Respond with
“: Gabby Giffords looks great! God bless her recovery! #tcot” Amen!
thanks so much! :)
Favorite DC coffee shop (must also have sweets)?
: know of any way of doing DM messages over Android?
I believe USA wants a leader not a politician as Commander in Chief. Support a president who won't play politics with our future
You're welcome. Thanks for posting about the show.
Nah, it's cyclical...all radio decisions are ultimately about ratings and revenue. Hence, the demise of air America.
why is like every celebrity on the planet getting a gifboom i do not understand
and sad part now is no more local broadcast with Bill and Sean. great work as usual to those guys
Wearing a bowtie
buy the new book 77 Tried-and-True Home Based Businesses for Today’s Entrepreneur at my website www.reatemoneyweb.com
Okay, enough of the shoes. I am off to the dentist. Fun, fun, fun.
Follow Friday Magic SHOUTZ to
4th of July is right around the corner...how are you planning on celebrating??
and totally loved the post ;)
Never gazing in her eyes; destination is her thighs
when do we see a trailer?
thank you for following us! Let us know if there are any events you would like us to get out and support!
Just love this girl!
okay so why is #vegetarians a tt? the thangs that are being said are so not funny . #teamvegetarian .
Try our Guatemalan! Light roast. Grown in the midst of volcanoes, this coffee excites the senses with its lingering aroma, unique and...
The pleasure was all mine - what a fabulous day!
Just finished reading The Magician King by Extremely glad to know there will be a third book.
Go pray RT : I am wide awake and have not a clue what to do with myself since my homework is done...(for the night)
ATTENTION FOLLOWERS: It appears our twitter account has been hacked. We did NOT send out any links. DO NOT click them.
Am I your friend ?
It's time to sign up for fall courses already?! I can't believe we're already juniors
Does anyone still use Google+?
If you hear lock pick, inside information or money back guarantee, stay away!
Tying my shoe strings! What a busy day! Reconnecting with my online buddies...
Don't flatter yourself! ; )
The day the world went monochrome. 9/11
you & yall need to show the world yall are
stoked to make money so I can finally expand on clothing!
Hardest part of moving: slowly packing away every memory from the past 4 years.
Wed-Thursday! I got a puppy!!!!!
lets go Heat! Im the one getting free food! ;D
It's already a good morning, let's make it a productive one!
Good evening Hon.....how are you and what happened??
Or Sabbath. Or Slayer. Yeah, introduce him to Slayer.
Day 2 of sugar and coffee cleanse. Snacking on sweet, sweet pineapple. Any other suggestions for substitute health foods?
NPR just sampled Black and Yellow then transitioned into a story about online prostitution. My life is complete.
I Guess They Got Tired Of Laughing
always watch infront and behind you.... lol all creeeeppy
looks like #Bruins either forgot to set their clocks ahead or they decided to use Tyler Seguin's alarm clock for this one
Just caught a screening of The Help. Viola Davis, Bryce Dallas Howard, Allison Janney, Octavia Spencer and Emma Stone talked afterwards!
my comment on Macca's bias stems from watching the Arsenal-Liverpool matches. So maybe less anti-Ars & more pro-Pool.
Lol I'm bout to cut mine too
Looks like the media is back to hating .... hope he doesn't beat himself up over it.
I bet would
LMAO that's sum real life shit
its like watchin a
lol I feel you bruh. Aye do y'all need some help over there, I need another job lol. How u like ya spot?
I saw it in the theater, didn't care for it too much. The suspense kept building and building but nothing happened!
ohh good :) hehe.. it was good :D but I worked the all week lol
Look at your shoes! Your not a G
Yo So As Soin As Asia Got In Jameaka Face that Bell Ringed And Jameka Dipped lmao punk
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
Thanks sweetie!! <3
I have found another dedicated Mahomie that deserves to be followed by you!
Good evening fam :)
The high in the sky
Not to be a Debbie Downer, but it's true. RT : Mother's Day isn't so easy when your mom is dead. Pls remember that this year.
Watching him play in college was awesome!
#IfYouWereSmart you wouldnt say one thing to me then another thing to someone else
good luck! is about to start hers!
Of course this is not say, working hard and smart was not involved. But learning to manifest was key!
I love you (: i just thought you should know.
It's on the bulletin board in my apartment building.
Sally Fans> please post your reviews of the show on AMAZON! It really helps! thanks!
there are highs?
It's OK if you missed their call. I miss them a lot. You called back and that is good enough.
So many people have checked into the airport recently and I'm jealous.. Can't wait to check in June 30th!!
morning world (Y)
Let's get Perk-o-lating!
We are seeking #Piano #Bar #Entertainers to be the star attraction for our onboard piano bar lounges. Must have a great stage personality.
No, I don't have Showtime! Dying to see it, looks so good! Try FNL! Definitely not as cheesy as it looks.
I politely said "no" when asked if there was a reason I was speeding. Truthfully, I should have said: "caffiene & dubstep"
And yes, according to , it is not a misprint, wow, must've been a really bad year for NBA guys improving
Looking for a place at work with some peace and quiet before the night shift starts. Day crew milling around loudly before they go home :-(
We r ready!!!
Oh the conversations my friends and I have.
Dodged em all yesterday 👍
I can't believe Freedom Makes You Beautiful is still trending! Well done!
After laying in bed most of the day due to migraines, apparently I am a bit punchy. :P
Awww you romantic
Thanks Jimmy! ;-) You guys rock. Hows going!?
So far the Trivial League of Trivia is in first place
Zomg now i can bike to the beach :D
My nomination for the Top Phrases of the First Week of 2011 List: incendiary device
That sounds awesome!
What was your biggest bridal splurge?
Being interesting makes you hotter. Looks are only for the moment- personality, talent and education win it!
# GoodLifeSaturdays this SAT!!!!
haha its fine. And thanks :) they just got up on Facebook. Lol
I've been on the road for a month now, every shit is now an emergency.
that is why you are smarter than me
The argument is at an end.
Thanks for the RT! If you have any questions, let us know!
It’s not about time, it’s about choices. How are you spending your choices? Beverly Adamo
go check out my band
follow back bitch
Happy T Day Wanie and Tricky nick #20Mobb free Head
The League of Woman Voters 12th district forum just started. Still time to get here. 501 E. Chase Street
John Adams, 1796: "I read forever, and am determined to sacrifice my eyes, like John Milton, rather than give up the amusement"
JJBLT with Becky. Obv! Thanks heather :)
Word up Doc. Gonna Rock The Shop this Fri & Sat night...
ahaha....i was too busy laughing to pay attention...
Have fun!
Happy Mothers day to all of the mothers out there! Thanks for bringin all us kids into the world.(:
Hey bro, thanks for the RT.
That's fine if he's really sick and cant make it, but don't act like it isn't a detriment when every other GM will be there
Love this. RT : I'm at Swig in Milwaukee we have the same waiter! we ordered the same food!
Aw:) Nikki looks normal in this video!
Currently attending a luau...
Moms, Dads, Grandparents...don't forget to like us on Facebook & post your Twitter name on our wall for a chance to #win an Exploracise DVD!
is LIVE on w/ more Haunted House passes than I can count! Let's give it a whirl, Chicago! YOU are winning EVERY hour!...
Good point! Updated to "potential" moms. Thanks!
Why I wear thick, fluffy socks: 1%Comfort 1%Warmth 98%Increased ability to slide across floor like a fricken ninja on an invisible surfboard
Hate it when u put a screen protector on your phone and there is a bubble in the middle
Good morning everyone!!!
Recession 101: Chill (Hysteria leads to Recessions)
"You know what they say: love is blind." -
getting used to the new TweetDeck look and WORD 2010 - feeling overloaded that I can't do yet what I used ot do on both-learning curve
where can we get that #OVERNIGHTCELEBRITY Mixtape w
Idk how many times I can say that I love my friends #CBFamily :-)
Welcome and thanks for following us
if there's this big party going on inside the barrel that you get to enjoy, that we don't see. like the movie Contact.
nope not a thing.
RT : Go see the first three floors of the Moore building #DesignDistrict amazing!!
finishing the week on a massive high after receiving amazing compliments from awesome clients , &
I'M SORRY.
#Learn The #Bully, The #Bullied students and the By-Stander. Most students do NOT want to be By-Standers, but how?
Not that there should be a reward but what is the point to being a gentleman if you can't say thank you?
shipping out these beats all night! Getting these hits to your favorite artists!
I certainly will!
Politics just suck in general.
Thanks! And good meeting you at
make sure you follow J-LYRIC & MTG EVENTS
hi pls check out my music at kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
big east teams playing?
Please just grow up
I don't deserve to be this happy...
: I like your tweets. Happy 4th of July 2 u 2
Sign-up for tomorrow: “Design-a-Kitchen” @ Paramus 8:30 am. Hands-on design project, meet faculty. The fee is $35 (includes lunch)
I feel like whoever is behind and I would get along great. Literally laughing out loud! I could read these things for days
Taco Time!
Sorry, I couldn't find ur Name.... Did u chanqe ur screen name???. Maybe my phone was messinq up..afterall,it IS freezin a lot.
Are you ready for the end of the world on Saturday? Might want to get cleaned up before rapture.
nice MMG Excuse My French coming soon bangerrr!
well only if you're joking, some people troll in chats then go on camera naked... not so funny #vomit haha ;P
what's up sexy
Sunny all weekend...what sport will you be attending/playing?
#gotosong Call Me Maybe! :)
Hey i'm from tumblr :D
FOLLOW ME PLZ (: I NVR GET NOTICED BY YOU GUYS ):
If Monday were a person, it'd be a Directionator.
When you coming back to lala little gypsy?? We miss you!!!
i swa your youtube vids bhudd bra please follow me
Hanging in there; loving playoff series in NHL/NBA, Triple Crown fever and waiting on 1st night of NYCBallet's spring season.
indeed - even though the Streak is only a couple of years old, in Tech years it's time for it to retire
Don't forget to get your tickets to Paradise Hotel-Opening Friday @ 7:30-before there is No Vacancy!! theatre.sdsu.edu
": Back up QB with a news conference cmon son" exactly my thoughts
Some country music this morning to sooth my soul
Husband turns to me and says information is useless if you can't find it. Then realizes that's the crux of my field.
Our SORRY TO HEAR ABOUT YOUR ARREST greeting card would be appropriate.
YOU HAVE 999 FOLLOWERS!!!!!!!
Delta pre check saved me at least 30 mins in line today!!! Ah-mazing!
Baltimore Orioles staying at Mayflower hotel in Farragut North
who will?
lol you couldn't even tell they was fake.
What a travel day. Finally at the hotel, just in time to work. Thank goodness for sparkling water.
I fucking hate guys. My boyfriend kissed me, told me he loves me, and then broke up with me two days later, and didnt even give a legit (c)
Correction: The (pre) Yuri's Night #DCDrinkUp will be on Thursday, April 5th at Rocket Bar!
this trade will be based on results of Bryzgalov. What has #Bryzgalov done lately?
great! lets do it up!! what is your email address? Ill email you the Q&A!
I need a bourbon that works for marinating pork and making cocktails, and don't really know bourbons. Is Elijah Craig a good choice?
Tweeting just to tweet
was asleep. Got my morning shift today and tonorrow so 345 wake up call
TriCity and Sunseri are good movers. U rent truck and drive it. They do all hauling. Saves money that way.
Thank you! I will!
Thanks! I love the plasma too. :D
It's the price tag. Sales would take off if more of the 99% could afford it
