polls are now open! Marion Co. Clerk talks about 4 precincts with problems this morning, nothing widespread. That's coming up at 6:30
I expected some sort of bumped badge for my consecutive checkins at JFK and LGA.
Good morning twats. c:
These #Bears need to step it up!
Excited that the Power will face Cleveland on NFL Network this Friday night!
You forreaaallll need to calm yourself.
Terrific finish for the Flyers and 06 Hobey Baker winner who earns assist on Briere's OT winner.
Just followed you. Nice to meet someone who also call out the dumb ass Fire Baggers. Nice to meet you!
hes already given us an xbox, what more do you want?
flattering! i have some thoughts abt your shirt selection in those photos of you and your parents at dinner
Gonna be a long day. I really dread these ten hour shifts.
Thelonious Monk and Sonny Rollins are about as perfect a musical pair as there has ever been.
: what's shakin bacon??? Opps sorry wrong breakfast food!! Lol....what's bakin biscuit???
love you too! I have a new sport you are going to har to play with me!
When I retire I'm moving to Kepler-22b
who are you telling...
I have so much homework, but I keep thinking about #GossipGirl tonight.
Hi sam- just e-mailed you a pdf of the article. Let us know if you need anything else.
my #gooddeed is trying to teach my 5 year old Autistic brother to talk & write!:) what's yours?:) (follow me?:))
Too Fly
i don't like the fact that google chrome keeps my bookmarks whenever i'm logged into google.
No matter what I'm going through, there's always someone doing worst than me. I should be grateful for what I have and who I have.
you rock!
McCarthy: we have come so far with our spec. needs children. Explain how we can reach these kids and keep the in school under this law.
Elation. Dejection. Back to zen base level. All in an afternoon.
That was entertaining. Make it to the symphony when you can. Love this crowd. Lots of long gray hair in ponytails, gr8 clothes.
Q3 Trying to do a little marketing, as we're part of a larger org and haven't been featured lately.
and #herworld pairing up today to encourage girls to pursue their dreams. Thanks Board president Garcia for speaking!
Yikes! Clearly, they need your help.
There's too much money out here for us to be bullshitting. #Smh Love is love and business is business.
As much as I heart the DC metro, I think its time to swap the avatar for the super-cool Fort logo :).
I trust nobody but my mom
It's hard to run away from my problems. They know where I live.
Hey Ken, how are you? Busy, brother. Got some BIG things happening for and
oh wad you really,go to school lol
Yeah, 2 accounts = confusing. It's like playing hide-and-go-seek. Only on Twitter. And no one finds you.
She's delicious.
Hey ! Thanks for getting the word out about Go Go Green. However, the date of the race is actually October 22!
we were all beginners once! Keep skating - LOTS - and connect with our recruitment committee:
Happy Birthday To My Bro
We need to rooolll
i am really looking forward to the best month ever.
emphasis on entrepreneurship in #COFLA plenary on building communities after crisis - proud of efforts w/
I gave $25. Request-Lisa Harrigan wants a Neil photo, as it's a very nice one of him and he sent me to you. Thanks.
Gotta eat dat pussy up b4 stickin it n. doesn't matter how wet she already is, lick up dem juices, & get her even wetter. Den slide n
Apopka: Just really heavy rain in about 20 minutes or less
Someone get me coffee. Please. Ah!
I followed them can I get a follow from you?
"Chill nights" are good nights...
Wife's sudden impulse: go see The Avengers in 12 minutes. I support this.
Great lunch with business insider
lol it's actually Ravi's, jokes on you all!
Ha hey Im playin burrito Bison
We will now offer the setup, explaination, and customization of twitter accounts for clients, also RSS and misc options. Contact us Today!
Wow, could have listened to an entire session of on paratextual gesturing
You're having a good profile pic day #justsayin Stopped by to tweet hello!
ik.. I let Anna borrow it In a race with hot wheels and she broke it..
It's getting more like, where can I go and not hear about Shadow People invading than, where do I go to find where one's lurking :(
When you smoke marijuana it reveals your real self.
True Blood was the best ever tonight !!!
Good game! And PM is awesome. “: Great game ! And thanks for what you do to help support #local!”
If you could get a meal "on the house" at any restaurant in Denver, where would you go? What would you order?
not the Chicago Scrubs!!
I don't think I've seen this many kids at any other corporate campus dining facility.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW Coby Kyros MID7015 7-Inch Android Internet
RT "You'll never plow a field by turning it over in your mind"—Irish Proverb
I will most likely be wearing Lolita at the Ball <3
between RI and I could just settle into a life of agoraphobia!
Couldn't agree more! RT : is not a bad place to be a regular
About to be the 'Mystery Reader' in my daughter's preschool class.
Bout watch the Heat vs Knicks! Who you rockin' wit?
to punt..kick when ya don't get the 10 yards..no metaphor intended
Your favorite calendar app?
Good question MT might be a tough post, but should try research on temp variation. +10 deg inc. 2 days in a row, then -20 deg?
Keeping Christmas alive (in a Jewish household) by eating reindeer cookies.
#marshallstjmaxx #guests getting #giveaways! #guesstheprice #game :)
it looks amazing.
Did you discover South Carolina this weekend? Tell us all about! What did you do in the Palmetto State?
well you know. you tell me ? ;D
you should sing a song with
Thank goodness for Jeff though
I think I'm blathering every bit as frequently-perhaps your taste has just improved <g>. To be fair, had a lull during much travel
Found via Public Documents Masterfile: Afghanistan's narco war: breaking the link between drug traffickers and insurgents, 2009
I heard that!
Thanks for the mention
more than welcome, Dell always has something interesting happening around the globe.
That was a *very* bad baseball game.
I will always be here for you. No matter what.
Am chillin relaxing halla at me thanks
My dad has been obsessed with What Makes You Beautiful by One Direction for that last 2 weeks or so.
You just gotta be inspiring. People love inspiring.
RT : A1: Understanding that ANYTHING you do is customer service. it will get you far in preservation and beyond
and now we wait for Apple's approval....
can I have parts like 1-5.
o yes I do <3 I am soo happy for you
“: Being photogenic > Being me”
I have a bruise on my leg and its purple and it hurts
HAPPY BDAY TO ME "IM 21 NOW" LET LEGAL DRINKIN BEGIN LOL
Only 596 days to go!
Boo! But then again, if you are moving, it's not your tree anymore, so you "shouldn't" care. :o)
I will miss so much! You guys have changed me and helped me in so many way! I love you guys so much
where's my award dude?
Not looking forward to fall or winter weather around here..blahh
She's doing new media for a mgmt co!
On my way to Baltimore for some singing :)
I follow maria. maria follows me. liam follows maria. liam sees marias tweets. maria RTs me. Liam sees my tweets.
If anyone wants to try out wikis from #cmtraining, here at we offer free wiki hosting & support. Contact me if you have questions.
Please arrive on time, tonight's "In The Mix" event feat. will start promply at 6 P.M. COME EARLY, VENUE WILL FILL UP QUICKLY!
i dont get it...whats up with the wierdest fuckin people in front of circle k lately?? =P ->KimBeezy<-
<3 i look like sex xo
I made it one more year without becoming a mother, good job to myself
it's a PC and i'm just using the one that came with it lol
follow back please:)
yes I hate meetings!
I did pretty good but 1 tables check was 103 and they completely stiffed me! I was so fucking pissed!
$SNPK breaking out...
You're The Reason I Smile, Laugh, And Love Life. But You Are Also The Reason Why I Am Scared...To Truly Tell You How I Feel.
What r u talking about , ? 
The 4th ends with Rain.
I recorded it
To succeed jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions. Benjamin Franklin
...to innovation. All critical for those struggling to gain a foothold in SD economy.
no i haven't
Both my grandfathers were soldiers (Army and Marines) and I think of and are amazed at their contributions regularly. Happy Veterans Day
I will never forget the day you looked me in the eyes as I walked up to you& smiled really big and said "Heyy" I was amazing<3
What is the dinner party exactly? :)
You know it....
Nothing wrong with loving vinyl.
Just discovered I'm drinking Gilberts vodka. So that amazing.
Sry I can't help you--- I'm beginning to hate Google myself.
Gorillaz concert on this Palladia channel (post-MTV music television). Gorillaz contains more stage band members than Broken Social Scene.
S/O showin love at Rush Street with my amazing manager
I could use a BIG FAT PILL right about now! Ha ha!
Thanks for the link. "Church of Higher Efficiency": see footnote. It's 's n+7 treatment of CHE.
WHAT...WHERE?
Your The Best Husband Ever
#ff to every single person involved with #uwsocial and #smbmad! (It's like an Oscar speech ... you know who you are)
i found the shirt dress!! 😃👍 lol
hey what was with the whole burning of band merch?
Those are some pretty lucky dogs!
Is it too late or too soon to make a hologram/Dick Clark joke?
Intersting discussion over collaborative databases and what is a historical publication in visualizing data.
u will be severely missed!!:(
My Next Long Term Relationship Will Be A Book I Write For Both of Us too Look Back on An Say we Set a Damn Good Example <3
you oughta be ashamed of yourself... what would say?
thoughts on Peyton coming back to TN? or better for him to go to Denver? You are probably the only one that knows the TN love.
hey hey getting ready for sunday school! and GOSH I AM SO HUNGRY I MAY THROW -UP !!!!!!1 WATCH OUT
can you make it any more complicated to buy a single ticket to a punk show? Felt like I was taking an exam or something.
Don't set out to be different, set out to be yourself.
Does anyone have the new iPad 3, I have the iPad 2. I'm wondering if I should upgrade it or just hold on to the one I have?
for laughs, try to imagine Romney chomping a cigar in the Colonel role. LOL
. As they say in Costa Rica, "it's better to be alone than in bad company."
Today The DePaulia will be live tweeting from Seminar on upcoming NATO summit. Check in for updates.
I wore crocs into the Apple store tonight to have them fix my 7 yr old iMac. The brand has never been less hip.
Omg ! I feel like 2 fuck six women at the same time.
Watching John Q in class, this movie so sad but good.
just about to get off then im going to get a hair cut
THATCamp LAC draws to a close. What a rockin' experience. Enjoyed meeting so many awesome people!!
Brazil congress set to vote on divisive forest law
thank you! :D
I love that you do that.
lunch w/ a client, mani/pedi.... Other then that I'm super free!! What are we gonna do?
Listening to a little DWTWN, check them out if you haven't already.
dignified black shows are unsuccessful but racist black shows are what the network wants.
that's cool, good luck!
Have faith in humanity? Try reading the comments section of any news website and we'll soon fix that!
Lets hear it folks, give me your Best Dirty Joke for #dirtyjokethursday [So we can all be laughing and happy cum Friday]
writing a chorus is so easy but its just what picture will it paint in the eyes of fans
Flavor of the week Mango Vanilla. Just in time for summer! yum, refreshing!
#ItsCrazyHow everything you can do I can do better lol
Ohmygaaaaaaaaaaaad I can't believe you just quoted that! 😂 this can't be life
remember when silly bands were cool?
What did the pig call a manuscript? A shoat story.
Bout to start driving
It's a crime to be outside today!
ya he was and it is so cool that u are from Europe I want to go on vacation there so bad it looks so pretty
Right now, I would really like to know the internal parts of a gas meter.
Big week of preparations at the PRC. New England Portfolio Reviews, PRC in NYC, and so much more!
Hi twitter!! Watching the rain
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put foundations under them. - Henry Davi
RT Every time Hollywood releases film based on a board game, I will release a dangerous pedophile from prison
RT : Had a great 2hr long ass convo with my broski last night lol - n did hav a great convo. We need 2 talk more
What a great day. 2 of us, 300 signatures in 5 hours in Stoughton today.
She's so eloquent!
I want to but no one will go
what's that saying?, what's the Caesar's is the Ceasar's , nobody can't take it away , congratulations Adele...
#idol - Joshua's second song was much better, a bit over the top in on place but very good overall.
Adele's 21 is amazing but Its also so damn depressing.
and I talk about this a good deal. Would be awesome to have a DI style STEAM comp for HSers
Lamont Is Getting Punched Dead In His Balls. -_-
i have two. My good one is Stars <-Kelsey xoxo>
do u have tips, lessons, best practices that u could share w/clients and prospects? let me show you how you can leverage them for more biz!
Nothing like the feeling upon embarking on a road trip. Have fun!
#idol - Colton shouldn't be in the bottom three but it was a better call that either Phillip or Jessica
Breakfast in bed is always bomb :)
I must be getting old. Still tired from Saturday. I spent almost 10 hours at the track then hit up 3 Galas.
i really wish i wasn't surrounded by such close minded people
I hate doing simnacher's work t-_-t
please make a cheap bastard weather translator
Oh Monday!! You with your sleepy mornings and beautiful weather make me want to be outside ALL day long!!!
Another day..another struggle:-)
LMAO, me gusta. U remember trying to speak spanish last night? RT: : Breakfast of champions-- pizza and plan b
Frmr Brown Co. Exec Nancy Nusbaum will face GOP Sen. Rob Cowles in August 9th recall election after winning primary v. placeholder candidate
I'd love to see evidence that he's sunk $93 million into it. On what?!
Thx. NOM-such liars! “: LOL last was last month and the investor who spoke were from #NOM”
A 100 mother fuckers can't tell me nothing
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
I'm @ my lil boy trck meet at Desoto High
Hello everyone ;-)
Bulaga moved before the snap on the neutral zine infraction penalty.
"We all need some form of deeply rooted, powerful motivation - it empowers us to overcome obstacles so we can live our dreams"
Our thoughts become our words, our words become our actions, our actions become our character, our character becomes our destiny.”--Gandhi
Florida, you were fun. time to get back home. milwaukee bound
I need a massage I need a volunteer to put your hands on me
I have full faith Maggie is up to the challenge.
Let's go
Why is everyone saying Adam Sandler died?
Looking to add some more business people on Long Island to www.LongIslandConnection.org We can use a web designer on LI to join us.
The art director meeting was a success!
DEAD. Tenacious D is so foolish with these lyrics.
if it means a lot to you..
Great answer! Will you be at #NMDD next Saturday?
hello love!!!
oh great, timeline for GARRETT!!
when was the last time u ate at mcdonald's? :)
The notes don't reside on your computer. So if you are using FireFox with the add on too, we can see each other's notes!
A man's work, is never done.
Check this out: we can just use photoshop if we want to see Peyton in a broncos jersey. - everyone
My Uncle is here from Wisconsin. Time to kick this Vegas Nascar weekend in gear. Woot woot!!!
Thanks for the mention!
If you live in Nashville we'd love to have you stop in and see us so we can help you make that decision :)
“: Sleep tight tonight Brew Nation, one of the Best days is tomorrow!!!” yes sir yes sir yes sir
Its summer time, she's still got class.
o! Paper! Now I have something to look forward to! Does that 3 years include your "internship"?
when has he been anything but a guy with huge upside? Constant disappointment and has NEVER consistently produced competitively
oh hey.
not muchh. you?
omg justin tweeted u....lucky!!!
Hell is the suffering of being unable to love -J.D. Salinger
Pregnant women making bets with eachother wagering having to name they kids Zebulon an all types of wierd shit >
It never fails. Whenever I dress spiffy for client meetings I spill coffee on myself. At least I'm consistent.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.—Bertrand Russell
You still have a few more years to stock up on guns before she turns 16.
Rapha is too posh for the Carrefour de l'arbre IMO
y'all some punks for that! Lol. I was gon get the scoop anyway!
If I tell you sweet William, what do I get out of it?
Damn addiction. Silenced another beautiful voice. #Whitney Houston
LOL good job! Not only can they wear it again, but if pockets are that popular, they will definitely want to as well! :)
Teach parents about early learning. Our classes for parents provide targets, trainings, and tools to use at home with kids birth to 5.
Over 2 dozen arrests @ 'Occupy Pearl' prompts PDX Mayor to hold overnight press conference. The latest this morning on
we will always support u no matter what even if u weren't famous we support u for who u are and I think your very inspiring :D
#nw indiana jones and the temple of doom
Some people don't see a good thing til it's gone
Alright #NBA fans, who are you taking in the 3 PT Shootout?
i want one!
a good program - depends though - maybe look at decent movie editing or does it have to be website
Thank you! Loved the post.
I watched it, and now I can't unwatch it. I still believe bad music videos are awesome in a clown car wreck sort of way.
Dude thought it was sweet in mcdonalds. Yeah ight bitch.
no one else gets the same love from me to you, every one has different levels and urs is high♥ love you forever peypey♥
Teamwork makes dreams work. 3 to be.
and he's from Wisconsin.
How has using web based apps lowered or increased the overhead costs in your business?
great time last night
When can we expect to see data on awarded city contracts???
Can I get anymore confused than I already am?
after lunch? or now? i have to go.
IM WIDE UP DIS MORNING AFTER A LOONG DAY OF WORKIN & GRINDIN @ HOME YESTERDAY! LOL SMH GOOD MORNING!
RT : Only MDs should call themselves "Dr." Anyone with an Ed.D. or Ph.D. should not. Pretentious. A sign of insecurity.
Hey En-Crowders! Don't forget to join us tonight for Zumba with Torch Fitness @ 8:00 p.m. in the Enso Fit. See you there! :)
The fact that it takes 45 mins to get from #soma to #TheMarina is just ridiculous. Another reason I hate riding in #sf!
! That's my pt. burn out ! @ survivorcasting
You have to expand your horizons Ben, do your research on soccer. It's getting bigger... Don't be a hater ;)
#ELLCHAT Did you know that Smart Pens can be programmed to do whatever you want them to do, including speaking other languages?
#icantdateagirl because I am married
Some call him Dean Leady. Others call him the Dean of Students, Dude of Studes, or just "Cool Guy." All are #obviously sufficient.
A not-so-wild idea: grocery stores should allow their patrons (easy) online access to records of their purchasing behavior
Metta World Peace? That's funny!
Yay! We are excited too!! Welcome aboard.
lol I kno how you feel
back to working out again .. been so busy and am getting too skinny.. need some muscle!.. grrrrr
" Like " Passion Parties by Teco on Face Book! for updates, great deals, and info.
indeed. dog graduation matters.
we will do this again.. soooonn:)) can't wait to hear when you all start reading:))
Watching College World Series...Man I love this game!
Movie idea: remake 'Trading Places' with playing the Dan Akroyd character.
When your just get a tattoo && the spot you got it starts to itch ..
All the goodwill Zito had built up in Colorado was just taken away in one inning at AT&T.
Rangers Yu Dog deep fried wonton wrapped hot dog w teriyaki beef, seaweed salad. Fries oil w sesame seeds holy shit lets go there.
Ignorance, especially when you can do something about it.
congrats!! Keep it up!
While Jason's at a doctor's appointment, I'm stuck in the office. Why oh WHY can't I be relaxing outside with a drink right now?
Who's taking their #MINI out to bring in the #NewYear tomorrow?
: looks like she did, btw--
who do you think will win the PAC 12?
Woohoo! Not that CT is all the close but maybe there's somewhere in the middle... ;)
Ha! Yeah.
Interview at 4:30 hope I get it I need a job lol
3 stars? Right on! Wait, that's not out of 10, is it?
Don't feel bad pacers fans, Knicks didn't get those calls either
I was hoping this Twilight madness would die down after Breaking Dawn was release. But no...they're breaking it up into 2 films.
There probably will be a Star Trek Scottie app to beam him up by that time.;-)
In some ways I gots no balls.
Sunny and hot on the island
yeah just water for me!
iTunes, why must you take forever to download!?
for today brah!!
Let the whole incident be a sealed book, and do not allow itto affect your life
Probably not a good sign that my mom says being a mother is "like being trapped in an Alfred Hitchcock movie."
Thanks! We crave it all the time :) RT : The breakfast at Taylor Gourmet is so good!
Lamar Odom just doesn't look right in a Mavs uniform...he body language is terrible and he clearly doesn't want to be there. Bring em back h
Good Morrow Lady Steph.. Enjoy This Glorious Day.. You Are More Than Welcome .. I Bid you Ado Mee Lady
As I ride through the outskirts of queens to JFK,im reminded of the saddest of recent stories-the sale and destruction of my families house.
Now, I've truly seen it all :-) An elephant plays a harmonica and that's why the Smithsonian rocks! ly/IlQuMn
• His distress in the dugout is heartbreaking.
I love it.
Listening to Phil Selway's album. Thought it was really eerie and etherial. Then I discovered my headphones were only half plugged in.
gorgeous! Did you move over to WP?
#FF we are now following because sometimes, its a jungle out there :-)
Excited for the office #Superbowl food party at work tomorrow. Hoping to pick up some good recipes!
Great training today - thanks to our panel, great insights!
80 /20 rule for twitter posts
Just took a quick sample of #vegan people I know... They are kind of #crazy and drink like fishes
When people find I play the piano, they ask me if I can play ____. Requests are always something I dislike; requesters are always male.
We live in a time period of smart phones and stupid people.
I dont like being disrespected
why so late tonight?
HealthyDeals brings to you ProWhite at Home teeth whitening kit for $35 at a 74% discount. Get another $5 off when you register
When I'm quiet, strangers look at me and think I'm shy. People who know me think, "OMG. She’s thinking! Everybody run! lol
you are welcome...now make some cupcakes :-P
I been had that. but u ain't got back to me on my album!
The joint won't let me are u following back
going to be up in mn the coming weekend. Interested in a coffee and converse about the universe. :)
Looks like there is a custom pro guitar upgrade for "Killing in the Name". It's for the GH2RB project so it probably won't match with HMX's.
First snow of the year in Flagstaff..and the clouds look apocalyptic.
It's too early in the day to be killing princes.
It's pretty much Dropbox from Google with cheaper storage upgrades, and Google docs sharing tie-in
it was on the table and I saw the picture of you and some dude.. So now you know what you need to do to get it back!
Netflix and exam reviews, life of a college student
should have done that last tweet from here and not the parenting blog! Ah well, it's the truth! Also: heels off in the club? Gtfo!
damn dude got a indoor game at same time. Good thing we have all their release beers at the Saucer.
Here the #ipsummit411 in Miami - Excited for the next couple of days with our awesome clients and iProspectors!
You can’t change something unless you know it exists.
Now that's a kick-ass idea. Make it happen. Let us help.
I'm a #lrnrebels too! Status quo is not in my vocabulary.
haha ok! give it to me friday
This is going to be the worst spring break.
Sue!!!! :) It's practically 1/2 off a Kindle download. :)
Lmfao tell me about it! But negative, ill pass!: ewwww he deserves a slap slap lol Put his ass up on game bee !"
- Aww, thanks for the kind words. Best to you on this beautiful Friday! Have a great weekend!
The aging of Seann William Scott: not bad. #Goon is incredible.
I'm in need of some serious inspiration. Please and thank you.
Amazing stories/coverage of Steve Jobs in Time mag. Also on cover of People for shortened version of great genius.
Im confused, first our saferide driver won't bring us to taco bell, but she's not a fan of gangsta rap either
God..it MUST be a prophecy then..WOOOOAH Can't wait to fufill it, phaha.
I agree. That Roshon was good! So was !
Getting ready to go see THE AVENGERS!
Its been an amazing Christmas vacation in Colorado, but back to Texas tmrrw morning...
My legs are very sore.
i love the feeling when you get outta the shower! :)
JWP rehearsal canceled tonight...more snow. That'll help keep us in tune! Still on for M&S Grill in Reston, VA - Friday, Feb 19th!
what it say
This new stationary I got has a kind of depressing fogscape on it.
thanks fa being my rock and number one supporter babe!
I hope this starts a productive Twitter debate RT : The phrase "creative coding" and its variants are misleading and distracting.
The Miller's Tale is now up on the CB Tweets list!
Gas tank topping off hysteria hitting the berkshires! All the fleeing new Yorkers are panicked they won't have enough gas to get back!
Cali Burrito with chicken
you say "handle"! You must be from the BBS days.
a tip of the hat to u
May the 4th Be With You!
Please welcome MediaBJ to the Max life
the hearts too Nicole ... #STOP does this looks okay ;) <3 :* xoxo goodnight ;) ! .... Lmfao
Jodi please reach out to Stuart about a potential "gulf coast" project
Talk is cheap, but actions are priceless.
how does dealing for a casino give you the experience to work for an insurance company?
Thank you for reading and sharing! Following you now!
Peace! U R one of my favorites ..'morning' to U too
if i was local, i'd be all over it - as a happily married wingwoman of course!
Pretty sure I don't like Chef Nookie.
I know!! :( miss you too, we need to get together outside of vs.
Bragging about yourself is like giving yourself a high five
get excited for our guest blogger: Jirwin blogging about waiting for Harry Potter 7 premier for 7 hours! www.inlinewaiting.com
is releasing new tracks today.
You know you're fat when your own mother calls you "buldging" when you try on your formal dress./:
RT : Any available free agents you think the #Chargers should go after?
I have 104 followers and hardly any of you talk to me. I'm not that bad..
Weird facts about Jacob: I like wearing suits. You probably wouldn't have guessed that about me. Actually ya you probably would...
on my way back to PDX this morning ::yawn::
Nothin more nothin less RT : An apology has 3 parts: im sorry, it was my fault, how do i make it right?
My mentor made it look so simple; does what she loves & raises her kids. Didn't try to find a uni job. Just loves to teach.
I hate my laptop!!! That is all....
“: I don't see how I would ever use this emoji 🎎 ever in a concersation?” saying you're eating dinner in Japan?
A new study has found significant rates of CTE among AD inpatients.
Pick me up...Thanks ; )
I thought I remembered a positive take, wasn't sure.
I was trying to be funnyy
Well even if we do inadvertently Kill the CumberCutie, a good time will be had by all! XD
Linkin Park is all time fav. Will be my 6th LP show. Also love Incubus & Mute Math - 2nd show for both. Whole lineup is killer
There is no other! LOL
Just completed an 8 mile bike ride to beautiful Dunedin beach.
Did anyone else watch last night's gray's anatomy? Ho.ly.crap.
please leave site feedback/suggestions in the contact box!
your cat is freakin huge! :o
Statistics like these are fascinating... Could you please cite them? I like reading (and following) source material.
no problem hun. ♥
What does that mean?
Can't wait for this!
is it tossed? LOLOL
Im s daughter she reccomended u ;) watching the bachelorette with her
both dates on calendar...have a bull&oyster roast that night as well, but will make it work!
I think I just solved all my text messaging problems!!
Hello insomnia. You suck.
I wish more people cared and would adopt a dog or cat.So many are homeless & just end up dead. It's disgusting
Moving to different offices is a pain. Can't wait to go back to the dental office in Tempe.
Finna watch#TheClientList, catching up on tha last episode.
#OffLine. Goodnight and sweet dreams for everyone :) x
Be out grindin or get grinded out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No Time Out's in this Grind House, Booin' these lames like Amy Winehouse
I skipped as much school as possible and my Lit teacher, signed my senior annual, "sorry I couldn't get through to you."
Fasho are we going ride to the Bar ?
Just Got My Instagram (: Follow #SWAG¡
#sschat, Ethical pr, we had trouble betw kids @ first, they where trying to out do each other, hard to keep them on subject
Thanks will do.
Love that!
Barbie got a tattoo. What next? I suppose Ken will get a PA.
Bye bye Blue Devils!!!
LOL DEAD. I'll do it in the bathroom then xD
#MahoneOnB96 I THINK AUSTIN SHOULD HAVE AN INTERVIEW ON B96 RADIO! <3
"I have a dick on my face don't I."
just slept for about 12 hours, feeling so much better
Congrats--->RT : I hot the gig with monster energy drink!!!!!
#RVA snow! CCWA offices will be closed tomorrow.
Good lord did you really just recommend us to ? Blushing, wiping the cheetos off our jeans. Well, h'lo.
bartender eating behind the bar, licked her fingers, then served our beers w/o washing hands. DISGUSTING in the Garage
Special shoutouts to all the overseas customers!
u just met the person she wants to be
So aggravating
Updates coming soon on the Meetup website, Facebook page, and here.....
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn hesitating before saying your name
Brunch at was damn good. I'll be back as soon as I can for sure.
Amazing how an impending gig as an over-aged swimsuit model will change your relationship to donuts.
Want your news release to be taken seriously by journos? Step One: Lose the exclamation points. Nothing screams marketing fluff like "!"
I'm wondering if there any good places to eat in Columbus, that I haven't eaten at yet?
Movies in #CLE this weekend: Superthief, Undefeated, Ballad of Genesis and Lady Jaye, American Reunion, and, of course, Titanic 3-D
This wednesday 10pm and more #DotComedy!
Going to a cookie swap this year, but not much of a baker?!? Let do the work & you can take all the credit!! 312-545-0951
"Don't get cooked in the squat!" Great line from Zig Zigler
NOTICE MEE AND SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW ME? <3 ghdf
#YouLookRealStupid when you look like me.
Every time I see a chick w/a yoga mat I go "How was yoga?!" One day I'll get lucky.
Just bought my wired magazine to read on the plane. Excited!
thank you for the lovely compliment today
I am skinny dipping in the fountain of youth!
I Know It's a Little late but, Louis at The KCA's <3<3<3
yup! she is super sweet to.. so i dont know why people need to give her hate, like seriously! its hurting dylan too.!
yeah, hoping for another good game!
boy says they love you it doesn't mean anything because he has probably said it one million other times. But when a girls does She means it.
God morning!
be careful out there and have fun!
I am attempting to do what no other has done (although I've come close) and no one else could do.
Chris Matthews, Ratigan, Sharpton, O'Donnell are wishing that they had as much influence as Rush Limbaugh & Michael Savage. Just dumb tools.
We got a C- on our scene that was 400 points. Wtf!!!!!!!!! Wow. Not happy with that.
Please tell me someone has already pointed out the typo! "Most events will include ON of the following: a live interview..."
if you ever have any jumps that you think head to Colorado give me a call
Congrats to the Big 10 A's on capturing their first Bay League championship w/ 6-5 comeback win vs Mr Roberts. Big 10 score 3 in bottom 7th!
don't you have a banana on your lawn to find
My uncle lance just have me 300...too excited!
were about to go over the bridge lol
cool :) Im from America!
How do you get over a loved one? Its hard to say the words " move on "
You should check out 's turbans. They're pretty amazing.
Okay, I don't think I can pick just one. I love Dylan, MJ, Madonna, BeeGees, The Decemberists, The Shins, CCR, The Clash...
is gonna owe me $5.00 tomorrow!! :)
I MISS YOU HASSELBECK! Sorry about all those bad names I called you when you were here.
Can't blame a guy for wanting a seat on long subway ride but what about an accurate body type assessment and ability to fit into said seat?
Operation TBI Freedom has many veterans running to help other vets.
hahahaha sat in CPR class with coach you would've been in good hands
that's incredible! Your voice is amazing btw :)
Thanks Dave!!!
Richard J. A. Talbert F'00 delivers public lecture tonight on Peutinger map of Roman roads & influence on cartography
Thanks for hanging out with us! RT : finally! I am excited about the live music and the crepes!
Gotta love summer days and a afternoon drink. Enjoy ur work today people~>
follow back fam
Brothers to the end is so good!
I'm doing the 1/2! YES! I'll have my phone on me!! I'll make a point to tweet a picture of what I'm wearing that morning too
Peter and the Teen Wolf
thank you! Have a great Friday!
they fit the plug that i plugged into them...but now the radio has no way of selecting diff outputs
i swear that same thing happened to us!
This I conceive to be the chemical function of humor: to change the character of our thought
chapter 6 is coming :)
Girl you talk to much, shut up.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!! Blessings!!!
ha so you going to warped tour this year?
if you have a problem with my tweets then why do you follow me Zach
Biggest Hoax since Big Foot
Bring it! " less than a month til myself & & hit up Clearwater Beach! Comin' ur way !"
Kitty Groovenstein, can you come to Chicago this summer?
#BitchPlease I already ate all of the popcorn so get your ass in the kitchen like a women an make me some dinner.
Watching John Fugelsang on the Ed Show.
- Looks refreshing!
it's 2012, no need to learn C++
Agreed. We're no fun these days.
RT : Try to do the majority of customer service offline says
So I'm going to go home and be like daddy.....fuck school
I bet Mario Gutierrez...jockey of the horse that won #kentuckyderby will be mowing grass again in the morning
We're excited for you! When is your birthday?
I just want something REAL .
I feel the same way about bobby pins
and this is why I think everyone should follow u! #awesome if u r a biz in #pdx - get your "cake"
Wade is always so salty!
#KnowledgeOverSwag: New design coming! I'll keep you posted people!
True love doenst come from looks, but whats on the inside in his heart<3
if I don't select an auto correct twice in a row can you not ask again? Hard to hit that tiny little x...
Caroline and I had a blast hanging with , Arthur and Genevieve today! Thanks KHD for inviting us.
I've never cried as much as this.
Ah i have a Headache!!>.<
I hope Romney picks Dr. Pepper as his VP. Why? Because I made a blood pact with Dr. Pepper after he saved my life and i owe him one.
i found, there is one bad advantage to follow +150 people, every 2 seconds there is 20 more tweets... my computer has froze-- twice!
Can't wait to see live tonight at DAR Constitution Hall! I WILL cry. Guaranteed.
“: Boston for the Day :D #MuseumOfScience” aww have fun mami
My knee is killing me, not liking this feeling
I can cat daddy better than all of you!!!
new things in store for starting with a new part owner. everyone welcome to the company!
i guess we'll find out.
LOL. Well you girls have my love & support! Just don't try and get me to join you haha! xD
Hi Megan! Did you get our email about our new free Chicago-based app ? We wanted to make sure you received the info!
Just sanded down my outdoor patio furniture & put on the first coat of Rust-Oleum. Living Glamorously today ;)
Getting excited about the early St. Patty's Day party at #Mullen! Woot!
That means sophisticated, right?“: .
In Music Meeting- Black Rebel Motorcycle Club “Beat The Devils Tattoo” This is so good
i totally will thank you ill do it later today!
Wish we had known we didn't have a first period today...
Thanks so much Hilary! You enjoy Mother's Day as well! :-)
I thought you said you was gonna stop reading in to things?!
I have never been to Bill's Gay Nineties but I think I better before it closes. Sad to lose old bars
Ight I guess Its Time To Start Goin In On This Twitter Thing.... So Her We Go!! My Life.
my bracket shit the bed
sad indeed...
I don't get it, granted I'm sleepy.
I want u to be happy my love, u're such a special girl don't let it ruin your day :)
Still, there's no way your record ever surpasses 's double-platinum selling "Shaq Diesel." #TheRealDoubleThreat?
and now I'm wide awake.
Oh my Chicago weather! Woo!
haha i know! that would bw TERRIBLE!
Which region has the best talent?
I'm slightly irritated
Stellar first day Shop local. Get rewards. Rinse + repeat.
Dream jobs are rarely dreams but more often jobs.
adorable picture! took a break from twitter for a while come back to c all this hate! It's crazy don't listen!
and ppl go for it despite the limitations. but i guess when you get a crowd of ux folks, the cludge factor overshadows the rest.
And yes, in spite of everything, we still have people earnestly arguing that the "police are the 99%" in
How you sell dope an CANT COUNT
go Lisa!!!
awesome way to cool off = #splashmob on 6th st. hundreds of people with water guns and balloons, waging water war. so much fun.
Advance Cardiovascular Life Support... Its an all day thing
We got on the wrong metro '.'
Look eye. Always look eye.
duh babe, it's us and Zayn. Zayn is perf in every way and we're just freaking amazing.
Which ones?
“: I love not being afraid when goes for the high notes - they sound so easy for him!”
. you high roller you.
'..Africa is at last getting a taste of peace and decent government' via The Economist
I know
Finally, ALL Americans can be married to their jobs. Corporations are people. Thanks Mitt!!
Lol . You still remember that?
Heading to #JAM2011 from Indiana woo hoo
Have a friend who is in a mtg til 9. Wants me to text him w/ info on draft happenings. Wrong to write false texts that freak him out?
is at Angels Gate Cultural Center
Everyone please pray she knows her name and it knocked all her teeth out and she is in the 4 grade please pray
We will be tweeting about #SCCMayor Forum from Please join us.
chick fight!
No, going to try again tomorrow morning.
Team USA Prospect Classic on MLB Network was great CNT vs 18U team..good TV!
Tip #88: Do you have at least 1 FUN DAY per week where you laugh and enjoy yourself? If you do, your win rate will explode.
One of these days real soon we're hoping you'll start using first person singular pronouns in your affirming declarative sentences
Short relationships are stupid -.-
...Neither have stripes on them. One has a pink bow, and one has gold buttons. I fucked up and wore my striped dress today.
[Chase gets poetic here...] F--- that, I'm going to Macdonalds, I'm going to get one of those donut covered burgers.
but you did call me annoying!(x
I have to say I think it has great potential !
WTF is my cat doing??
oh u no wat skool she go to
you need the hat to be convincing :)
Yea I Know.
He is having a heck of a game on both sides of the chalk
Hi I was wonderin if u can help me.I hear voices in my mind n idk where theyre comin frm or who they r.Can u possibly tell me
if I was him I would try to score points and get rebounds.
Wish they'd stop calling The Artist a silent film. Very much a sound film IMHO.
hm I can't seem to recreate this problem in firefox, safari, or chrome. They all load fine for me. Any other info?
The flavor of Choice Eating's Tex-Mex luncheon salad is so fresh you won't even miss the tortilla. Visit www.choiceeating,com.
History Happy Hours! Every month from now until 2014 we'll meet to hear a speaker talk about The War of 1812.
Ok, who made coffee?
This sunday has been the best sunday ever! Found my self a Church, and now me and are talking bout god. Best Conv!! Own ...
Is Facebook down? Are pigs flying?
Running out of tonight's supply of midnight oil so I guess I'll go to bed.
Spinning at the Setai Hotel this evening in South Beach...come by for a drink, should be a packed house!
be there after I get ready for the day!
free-range cloud storage
Can't sleep got too much on my mind. Kinda wish I had somebody to tlk to tho oh well
it was great I should have gotten the mango one.
not really haha
I Wish! Ive always wanted to Visit the Land Down Under! =)
What's everyone jammin?
WE CAN DO THIS!! #GetAustinTop10 COME ON! BUY 11:11 ON ITUNES RIGHT NOW! AND REQUEST IT TO YOUR RADIO STATIONS!!<333
"Locked SIM" alert from this morning, used all 3 tries to unlock it and get my iPhone's phone back. Fine now.
Great swim tonight. Now a little Friday fish fry with my dime piece, Jen!
really can't believe its Friday again already. Smh where is time going really?
So, today I missed you, yesterday I missed you, and chances are I am going to miss you again tomorrow.
getting that credit in order... one step at a time. (pats self on back) :-)
I am running low on followers, follow me plz and I will follow you back, promise
Keep #ows going and growing strong but plz be thoughtful and respectful of surrounding small businesses. PLZ RT
We are now on a winding dirt road in rural north Carolina for 's graduation party. Why do I hear banjo music in my head?
but what if someone takes it off of their door so we should put in on the door and also slip one under the door oh my god
Mt. Airy, you never disappoint us, thanks for last night! Be on the look out for our new full-length #TheDrive coming this Spring.
too cute...the store in cross county...is just the CUTEST store ever
We're honored to lead this epic food drive in Wisconsin. Milwaukee folks really know how to bring it!
monday..again :/
Lots of
Tomorrows Friday <3 ..
Egads! Work has been crazy for the past 2 months. I need to get back on track with my novel. Any suggestions for getting my groove back?
You can allow pain & being hurt to either make you bitter or motivate you to help others that are hurting. ~
. thanks for the mention and retweet!
I miss that guy. and Dude i'm still howling at the burkha swimwear....bwahahaha
Tho I have to say performances feel like modernity's only time to escape technology & just be. Cant 'it' wait?
“: lol the city's a mess when the polar bears hit town at the same time.” I'd like to see that & take pics
Goodness Gracious ! Bahja this , Bahja that ! That's ALL I see on my TL ! Please realize she doesnt care & you're just wasting your time .
The 2nd best gift on mother's day: when I wake the husband to ask for help and for once he didn't throw a temper tantrum...
If you ask me how I'm doing I would say I'm doing just fine. I would lie and say that you're not on my mind.
whr u moving to I bet it's far ass hell lol
Yea dude this is really good!!!
RT We want to be Staten Island's premiere Embroderer/Screener. Our cliental is a who's who of Staten Island
I sent an email but no response. Ha! See what I did there? Lol ( )
It's called "The Hunger Games"
I haven't even tried once... I feel like I should have but I just didn't have the energy for it!
Everytime i sneeze i feel like my nose hoop is gunna fly out-_-
or do what you love!
congrats! RT : Thank you, Chicago Reader! Paul McGee voted Best Mixologist, Best Cocktail List & Best Cocktail Book Club!
CD release concerts in Toronto w/Bernie Senensky & Ben Riley last nite & 2nite. Driving back home 2morrow. Other stuff includes working on..
Is ready to get this day over with.
Myopia or nearsightedness (the inability to see distant objects clearly) now affects more than 40% of the U.S. population. Happy Weekend!
I had them too. Shit didn't work. Im on my second bottle of Vicodin. I don't wanna get addicted.
Mysteries of NYC #2306: Who buys all those flowers at UWS and UES bodegas?
I would SO love to visit U! Get me a gig & I'm there. Miss Ya, Lil' sis...XONZ
Attn local businesses, bands: Our 100TH ISSUE comes out in 1 week. Special/collectors issue! Email to book ad space
So how long until Newsweek calls Obama the first woman president?
are you in route to the charm city?
The only thing that can save this day is a margarita.
Yes! And her cast iron stomach! ;-)
idk for sure but I know we'll be at high feat all day.
why these brits? They are awful!!! Why not a plus-size cycle instead???
I honestly just went to type happy mothers day and it all just kinda came out.
. founders & will be at tonight's #WineRiot. Stop by and say hi! cc:
The law of gravity says no fair jumping up without coming back down. (Dear old Newton must be rotating in his grave).
I wonder whats its like to go on a real date...
No energy day this way !
It's addictive, that's why! MT What is this #pinterest thing and why am I seeing so many posts about it??
Half the people getting mentioned in the #NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead have "YOLO" in their bio's.
YOLo EveryBody Live Your Lives!
re:lasttweet - always been skeptical of the notion that players should "not think". I wonder if you can't think "too much", just wrongly.
< I'm a big fan of this team here. whats happn ya'll,
Want to do us a giant favor?
Two things that need to come to Cali... and I miss them...
with your support, maybe we will be able to! Here's to
Thanks for all of the Birthday wishes, everyone!
Never witnessed live fireworks.. #firsttime for everything :-) so excited!
RT : Don't Talk About It, Walk About It <<< or I'mma go to your house and make you shout about it!!!
After another 15 hour drive from Tucson today we finally made it back to Oakland. Time to sleep in our beds tonight. Thanks a million!
Blues have a great team but agreed on Elliot. Losing Halak against San Jose definitely hurt. Nowhere to turn now.
heart melt RT : The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother via
very down. We'll talk
Thanks for all those who are following us, it'll be sick if you told everyone about :)
All this Peyton Manning going to the Redskins talk is fun but I'm not holding my breath.
New venue. :) RT : Tonight in SA! at "PEPPËR SOCIAL GRILL & LOUNGE".
Will you be at #CES this year?
true story.
for halloween what would I need to be you in the ondeck circle
Spread the love. No matter what language.
thank you jayne! we are working on a return to Boston very soon... xoxo
Yeah, I don't wanna go to El Paso now kinda... full of sluts and I don't wanna start shit.
Relentless Filmworks LLC has formed a new web-series division! We love internet!
I should be filthy rich by now, I've won $1,000,000 several times for being the 500,000th viewer on various websites.
if I did that I wouldn't even be going...
Ask yourself "What do I deserve" Now get up get out and get it
...when you're staring at the computer, not sure what to do. You know you could be doing SOMETHING but just don't want to.
FOLLOW MEH, PLEASE
I need to mute all people with locked tweets..I be drove when I cant RT somethin
IM ON A EMOTIONAL ROLLERCOASTER.......
Im watching this chopped episode. This guy finished plating one dish he's going home Well thats what they want us to think.
Show time 1st round clash just start
Bryce Harpers throw tonight was his highlight but damn that's something to be incredibly proud of
Yeah, I watch the room(s).
Moveing on is not 'bout looking back. Its taking a glance at yesterday and seeing how much you've grown since then
Watchin #basketballwives & wishing would take my purse!!!!!!!
Whats good for the goose is good for the gander.
Its nice out, but watch your speed since cops are out! Esp on I-480!
Oh yeah Indiana is taking on the
for real right? Also, less characters than fiancé.
Lyceum students attend youth forum on travel
Bitch is a female dog and dogs Bark and bark grows on trees and trees live in nature and natures beautiful so thank you
The beat the in the #NHL playoffs last night. Round 2 for #Nashville coming tomorrow night. I love #hockey!!!
Didn't catch a #PDXPlan Fair? Take a survey & tell us what u think re: edu., jobs/eco. & healthy neigh'hds www.pdxplan.com
should've known when u said dressing
Glad to make u smile :)
selena yuh an amzin actor singer i luv yuh yur my idol my role my whole world it wil lmake my dream come true if yuh followed
weird, right?
"Hey Huey... what are you doing Saturday afternoon?"
back from Reno, I know why there is a NO in the name
I'm not trending :/
Yep. But only if you're cool with how cool you aren't.
Does anyone believe a word Mitt Romney says?
I hate you. slash am jeal.. mail me a souvenir?
Guess what tonight is? DRIVERS ED.
oh I plan on it. Later tonight?
Sucking dick dont make you a slut or a whore js.If your pleasing your man thats all that matters.It only matters how many you do
yea they r with sum of da old cast plus killa cam said dat he want in too!
Mhm RT #Capricorn knows that book smarts will only take you so far.
Today was busy... just got back home from leaving around 1:30 pm. thinking of a new strategy to partner with new clients! Go Happy Friday!
Morning all, what a Wonderful Wednesday! We are looking for corporate support for our Jubilee Ball, contact us if you require info
Ok, I seriously need to get off Twitter and back to work #amwriting and
we do have volunteer opportunities available! I will DM you.
People that claimed they are stressed out over finals when they are in no advanced classes or activities
Thanks champion!
Hes Not Afraid Of Doin What He Never Did ; )
Good morning early call today with #yahooespanol #yahoo makeup is done :-) sofia vergara day time look
Joan Rivers makes me laugh so hard I could pee
I hope you have a safe flight tomorrow Jer! VERY excited to see you on Idol next week! You're amazing and I love ya tons! <3 <3
thanks! I just struggle with condensing the awesome ;) I think it's all interesting, and I know I need to narrow it down!
Remember the last underwear bomber,went off in his shorts prematurely,Been there,done that! G A// Talk about TMI!
Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
is ridiculously hilarious. who knew a skeleton would be so funny.
News flash....carbs are not bad for you. When combined with a protein and a fat, they are exactly what the body needs to function properly!
IM EATING CHIKEN NUGETS ;D ANYWAYS , HEY :D
#Orioles game postponed tonight vs. #Rangers. Doubleheader tomorrow. Game 1 at 4p.
#NP - "Cartoons and Cereal"
What a Fun Week!! Texas Round-Up, Kristin Armstrong, Mother's Day and Teacher Appreciation specials!
News across Tx includes 14 Tx hospitals on TReuters Top 100 list. Those headlines and more health care news @ THA website...
On Casey.....Show Em whats up
So #impersonal and #fake. Not a fan either. Have a great day, Erica :)
Im willing
Duquette thinks it's a slider.
My deaf cat, who's been missing for 6 days, found in a tree ~45 ft up, animal rescue says it's too high for them, what should I do?
Anyone have any good dinner suggestions? My tiny lunch-at-my-desk-at-12 has my stomach growling loudly already!
CALL ME ASAP CHARLIE!
You can use selective Twitter status through FB or I think there are some others that do it automatically just search FB
no I'm busy all Saturday
LOL NOT YET CUZ I'M ON
I think there's a law that they have to use that "dude running from a biplane" scene at every #oscars ceremony.
Sometimes the real work happens over a pitcher of beer, after all the panels are over
cute together.. Iloveyou vice..
follow back tlew
date for next week? i gotta give you your books back!
Don't worry, I'm used to being let down. Not caring is a natural reflex.
Everything and everyone needs to slow down
Thanks SFA. Your staff is amazing. World class.
RT : One of the greatest gifts you can give your child is to listen, really listen.
LOL WHAT IS THIS LOLOLOL. I REALIZED IT WAS ME BY THE NECKLACE
Y'know, even if and LaneTea aren't making vids anymore, we're still MIGHT SEDDIE WARRIORS, amirite?
I survived work. Thankfully the phone lines were kind to me today.
Get tf off me!!
NYer on Times sq evolution: "conservation theory of seediness...Whack a mole, and you may find, across town, the mole whacking itself."
I am ready for this planning process for the east side of McIntire park to be complete. Please send me your thoughts on golf at the park
Bob Gibson over Nolan Ryan?
I'm mad how all da celebrities can go To Australia to perform ,but when it comes down to da USA only half of Them can show up to a concert.
I would drink to that
i feel so sick. oh joy.
If you can't beat 'em, make 'em join you.
Woof woof!! What section r u? We need to connect one of these games!!
you may also be interested in the 4pm "myth busting" session on how libs use data to challenge assumptions.
After working on something for a while, I start to think it's great or it's garbage. You be the judge.
Jonathan Vilma: surprised that this upcoming year instead of trying to handicap others, will try to drop his own handicap on the golf course
I got the text loud and clear... good work !
Another day, another shoot. Hello CAAM coolest creations contest! The area's cutest inventors in Cincinnati
More controversy with red light cameras, another tropical storm is brewing in the Atlantic,and a tomato-throwing fight you can't miss - !
So which #Sabres are playing or sitting up in the press box for the last time at F'N Center? I say Roy, Hecht, Leopold, Boyes
you guys ball for me too, pour me something
u change it
Chicken Enchiladas for din din :p
T-Swizzle doin work on that banjo.
oh wow. thanks for the head's up!!
But they don't do it like youu
It's hot outside!
ill do an update on the contest later and tweet it to you but im pretty sure youre in 12th
Susie is a Flip Flop Bitch
Have you had a chance to check out our #SB ? It's the same coffee we just charge your more
RT : Sorcery last night with Maiya Sykes Dave Wood
Chillen , Watchin tv . Waiting for my bby too follow me back :)
Portal 2 made me lose sleep. Couldn't stop till I beat it. Deserves its GOTY nomination
I love my new nails!! :D
quite sure the pix with Ian will catch your parents attention.
Dear I love seeing those juicy girls backing you up. Except that NEITHER OF THEM ARE ME!
Bout to get dressed and head out 👍👌✌
Even if I were rounding, this student is not close enough to the cut-off!
It's Feb23..sitting on my deck drinking wine. 76 degrees! This is sick!
We are having a HUGE Whiskey tasting with about 100 whiskeys. Hopefully that'll be enough.
So lazy today .. can't learn 4 friday's exam -.- > will be the hardest thing ever!
that was my conclusion as well.
I will have her email you. Thanks!
Wow I am so sleepy...my grandbaby was up from 5 a.m. to 6:30 a.m. this morning.
This RT : There is waaayy too many singing shows...
I've got my sushi, I've got my Pink pants on, and nobody to bother me. Perfection.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves." -- Carl Jung
Happy birthday Tyson! I hope you have an awesome one! Love ya! ♥ Mal
Get rid of Lou, Meeks and Hawes. Keep and give 30+ minutes no matter what to Iggy, Turner and Jrue
Imagination and fiction make up more than three quarters of our real life
I am in deep trouble monday........pam im comming for u!!!!
Hi It was great meeting you as well! I hope to see you at future events.
haha yes i know :D they are such funny, and nice guys :))
yeah, the one you always touch his xD
gotta get use to dat!
Passed our health inspection. It won't be long now, Baltimore!
Dance! How I love you so much! Only 5 more years and this girl will be apart if the #Broncos Organization!
Don't forget were playing our first show in months at soma on October 22nd. That's 2 weeks from now, tickets are only 8 bucks. Chyeeeah
haha....i guess
Eric Church just hasn't been the same since he didn't make the first cut of Menudo auditions last summer.
I WON THE LOTTERY LAST NIGHT... MY SOME OF MY NUMBER MATCHED... AND I GOT A SHOOT WITH INDUSTRY IMAGES OMG
me, my mom, and my grandma all did that to a wedding once.
lol hes a youtube rapper(: his twitter name is go check him out hehe
Matt Holliday bomb and the Cards lead 4-3.
I don't miss you, I miss the person I thought you were.
I cant wait cause after horse back riding im going to come to the signing today<3 love ya bella <3
Hey everyone! Help us out and hit share on our fb page to help us get more likes and spread our name :) love you all!!!
Yes yes, VERY inspiring. x)
LOL! That's it. Robots are going to take over the world in a really fucked up way.
Don't know what I did to earn a love like this, but baby I must be doing something right.
your oral safety is important to me.
just ordered some snow boots and an ugly puffy coat. bring it,
A little bird just whispered a melody...it goes well...just need some help with a few words, my dear.
Sorry for your loss.
im so stupid for what i did
Responded to FIRE @ 2341 Boynton Pl, Brooklyn, NY 11223 and helped 6 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Everyday my goal is to Grow as a person... In all aspects, being open minded is the key to GROWTH
Aye! Them cookies was good af!! Haha but youu still ain't gave him no bath yet.. Btw he gettin WAY bigger nd he will BITE!!!
Happy birthday to one of the coolest guys to run into
Does anybody know Madelyn Pulver Jennings? Seems like an amazing woman!
Been sad most of the day. MCA dying. McG leaving Financial woes. Break-up. But, Salvation Army band just cheered me up
very very tired, and cold. You? (:
hmm well we dont have any videos to download but there are some live performances on youtube!
Wait a second. Lectureship week is NEXT week...isn't it? (I am so...fried.)
" I WOULD MISS THAT
and total domination on cranium tonight!
it's sad..
bad news from Ukraine 2day: the "Anti-propaganda" draft law 8711 (think Russia) was supported by the Rada Committee on "Freedom of speech."
Done with AP Gov test. Get to go home now. 😏
lol that's cool
Cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
Stocks up big this AM keep watching
Brunch in 9 hours... $3 MIMOSAS?! Why yes, we do have those! Happy Saturday :)
Check out our #wedding Wednesday Wisdom with event planner Danielle Bobish ttp://bit.ly/IymQ7H
They're really only a tiny step up from those horrid "fat lady bending over" plywood cutouts. Lawn Gnomes: you're on notice.
There has to be at least a couple of days a year ;-)....RT : Rainy day in Tahoe.....
Andrew Ross Sorkin Joining CNBC’s Squawk Box as Permanent Co-Host? Have you watched it? HE IS HORRENDOUS!
well that's a warm welcome to the twitter world...
Wonderful event July 9 at Memorial Coliseum many will be helped by awesome volunteers!
#ToyotaAztecTriviaTime coming up in 10 mins! We have a free pizza to give away.
Things you never want to hear. "My Huaband said in high school he failed wood and metal shop, but got an A in ceramics".
Thank you!!! I'm getting old...smh.
Prayers, good thoughts, star wishes and everything else headed your way!
that made me sad :'(
If you knew how much it hurt to miss you, you wouldn't make me live without you.
I really hope my room doesn't smell like puke when I get home lol
I've had the exact same problem with House & Dexter the past two weeks... then I ran out of new episodes. PS - Deer Hunter?
We’re excited for in the house tonight, up from Chicago for a night of Milwaukeeness.
there are a lot of folks involved. it's very exciting
I am a staunch supporter of jeffreys grocery.
Don't they know that your piece was fine as the final word on the show? What more needs to be said?
Blame the Browns FO for not offering me a contract.
Adjust the approach and adjust the results.
So excited for my Saint Etienne xmas 7" single!
Mr. Ordieres. Are you going to try your hand at being an extra in a movie anytime soon?
off to albq in awhile!! :)
for Monday's "fieldtrip", im going to visit 'South Pointe' University 
yankeeincanada: still taking bets for the number of followers of in its first day. closest without going over wins.
Denver's a welcoming place, I'm sure the photo community would agree. No excuses, first round of pints are on me.
I hate when people ask for advice and hate the reply.
Congrats to the #Coyotes, well deserved. Happy for Don Maloney
Check out our April Giveaway of the Month! Enter to win this super cute eco-friendly kids lunch bag by Dabbawalla Bags....
if Derrick Rose is done so are the bulls...
Who knows, but they smooched it up on DWTS tonight.....could be for marketing though! They're cute, regardless :)
man damn
Mobile won't replace game consoles. Also you clearly don't own an ATV, which is an iPad just on a 70" TV ;)
,i cannt say a bad thing abought her
For once, i had a really good day (:
Longest Friday ever. Shoot me.
I think you already know, you know how I roll!
This was really one of the best weekends ever in my life and it's only gonna get better this summer. Holy shit.
Will you be attending ? And then party?
: you write wonderful blogs. thanks.
I just had a sex on the beach for the first time with friends. M....need more of that.
RT @ TeamOurBieber RETWEET If Justin Bieber is not following you so I can send a DM to him with your twitter names :) (Must be following me)
Supp im Jason nice 2 meet u
Wise: For 40 years we've allowed govt help to be racialized despite white people always being aided by it
Be careful. You may attract the attention of anarchists with the munchies.
It's so nice out. I don't want to leave Market Garden with
we should chat up some, well, offers
I wonder if wants to facetime
Nick nolte looks desperate for a drink
Let's do it
Nothing better than Tybee Time!! What a great few days of R&R. :)
Oh and btw, I wholeheartedly agree, unofficially, about "should be ignored". Officially is (sadly) another matter. Cc
I used. Dope ass app for it :)
Did you know that embedded in the Baskin Robbins logo is the number 31? The number represents how many flavors they have!...
Where is your favorite place to travel?
Just remember to smile.
...but if he only cooked me a piping hot dish...then he'd be perfect!
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Jan 3rd, 10:30am "It's About Time" Calendars and clocks - There's a lot to know about time.
Twitter is the only place where black people can follow white people,and they dont get nervous about it
Me: You have my heart.. Can I have it back?♥ Nick: No
Follow me on Twitter.
RT So how does this work exactly? Does Norv update his own resume, or does an agent do it for him?
"if I was you're girlfriend I'd get a restraining order."
Awww going away pizza party for me!
Nap before the gym !
Miami is NICE. The Knick got 3 superstars too and they should make the Heat pay for getting @ Lin.
It was an ugly morning. BUT - SPRING IS COMING! Do you have any Spring traditions that you’re looking forward to?
wish it waz me :(
ELVIS:The Show Goes On performed by Doug Wilson and the TCB Band of Ohio at The Paramount Sat. Sept. 10. Tickets at box office or online.
Tomorrow is sending me on my first business trip. Psyched to accompany to #alamw12 in Dallas!!
I luv my KDA family. They r some of the hardest working kids I know with the most supportive parents. Thank u for believing in me and KDA
That sad moment when you're at Olive Garden and my chicken Gnocchi soup doesn't have any dumplings
Rascal Toys Tri Master @ www.kandizone.com
RT : RT : Heat announce Chris Bosh will not return, lower abdominal strain.
A group of lesbians walk by. They yawn.
How early do you check your #fb/Twitter?
Spread the word! Make your voice be heard! Robert out
Bell Helicopter announces it will continue its title sponsorship of the Armed Forces Bowl in 2012 & 2013.
Astral Weeks. (You know what to do.)
i want but i cant :'(
working at hom again - Excel and InDesign and email - I could not catch up if I fell into a space-time vortex!!
thanks RT : Each YogaTailor video includes asanas of roughly three minutes each - a breathing exercise (Pranayama), warmup...
has a million more followers than I'm pretty sure she's not even divorced yet.
OK. I won't go completely brain-dead. I need to work on auditioning. That IS my weak suit. That is holding me back. Like fur-sur dude.
I heard rumors you and I are in the same city.....
Sorry about that last update...I was just really impressed, haha.
strings drink
Watching the documentary Nirvana:Nevermind on Netflix instant. This album has so much meaning to me and my generation. Great doc! See it
Just got in from washing, two hours of sleep I get SMH
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead
Going to bed at a halfway reasonable time tonight (instead of 2 or 3 a.m.). One question tho - when I wake up, could it please be #Friday?
I am almost certain I'm running a fever.
Sorry, is unable to confirm or deny any speculations at this point.
I dont get angry when my mom smokes pot, hits the bottle and goes back to the rock. ~ Sublime
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 26
Anything they can do, we can do so much BETTER!
Bucket list: Learn to make a check mark on Twitter.
Surveying done for Registry week of #RVA campaign. See everyone at the Friday Press release. landmark theater 12 p.m. lounge B
Yes, Thanks, and u?
So, that's what the world has come to? Chicks can't have long healthy hair and it really be theirs? Jesus.
Gorgeous day! Cleaning house then taking the dogs on a long walk to enjoy the fall beauty! What are your plans for the day?
Who knew the zombie apocalypse would be this boring, and filled with so much interpersonal... oh, who gives a fuck
why do you think they defaced Poe's character?
coming out, maybe!
Take a shot for me.
If #highered is a social good, then educate public in public institutions w aid directed to publics.
Our show at Stacked Pickle (Carmel) is Saturday April 28....and starts at 9:30!! Wait that's tomorrow...COOL! See you there!
Hey Victoria :) #HappyWednesday for your amazing day. That was the best. You perform on Have a great day. :)
hi and good morning
LOL!!! Thats my kind of humor RT You can't spell ALCS without ACL. (not even sure what that means, but feel bad for Rivera.)
I feel like a karaoke more than the usual person. I'm okay with this.
dude i stand by the calls take it up with the commish. Also somehow i lost to jess. I blame meg tock hahah
reluctantly deleting the Civ II screenshots from my 'Data Strategy' report at work
Got my goodnight call now ima crash goodnight everyone
Investor focus is likely to remain on foreign events and speeches today, as no significant economic data is scheduled for release.
he sure did
hi there!! I won't be attending #CES this year with my buddy but make sure u stop by Kodak booth and say hi!!!
Happy Hump Day Bethesda!
Curious about tonight. Looks interesting.
How many satellites orbit the Earth? by RychardeManne
Kobe didn't carry the load he should have, sad to say.
Rise of the Planet of the Apes
listening to the grown && sexy music #np in the morning by urban mystic
The Garnier Fructis tent has save my hair two days in a row!
Debating whether or not to get a Flu Vaccination this year as I have heard so many conflicting opinions...thoughts?
At Hiawatha You can get any sandwich made into a wrap!!! #Wrapitup Wednesday! Sit-Click-Eat www.wausautogo.com
Don't forget! Audra McDonald at the tonight, courtesy of We'll be there; will you?
I understand your desire to help the victims of trafficking. We are taking a stand against trafficking also.
Anticipate news typhoons, and prepare to ride the wave. Is there a big event coming up? Plan in advance and come up with a tie-in.
Peace passes all understanding
I am thinking about it! Do you know who is doing the history of photography talk, by chance?!
I hate having to explain shit i dont have time
Yep, that's the hope!
#HowardSternsPenis #AGT he's really made this show 10x better
If I say hi to you and you don't say hi back, trust me, I will NEVER say hi to you again. I'm not a kiss ass. :D
get excited fresh powder in the Rockies blue skies and sunny in Denver!
Congressman Blumenauer plugs Friends of Family Farmers monthly InFARMation events!
Friday at Babylon in metairie!
any idea?
RT : My moms got a Facebook page today! Really ma?!! #Cmonson-ha ha!
TINYCHAT! :D or skype, whatever works is fine with me.
Blue Water Market & Grill on India at Washington!
nicely said Djdrama
#Salty. All weekend. All day
Jamming to pandora
Woz was always my hacker hero but without both him and Steve Jobs I wouldn't have the life I love today.
Making music might be the greatest thing ever.
New York City has been gorgeous lately. I guess I can say goodbye for good to the snow?
not really. I mainly watch football and basketball. What's yours?
... Is that your first?
#Cuts4aCause is right around the corner... anybody willing to donate their hair for a good cause??
HI Donny - competes against high schools between San Diego & Oceanside. Only time we see OC teams is at state.
