Today was a carrot pulling bean planting fish frying grits cooking bread baking Sunday. Tomorrow, I will gather mulberries with the baby. :)
how are U??
I miss you :(
We gotta have crazy fun Friday
Went downtown and grabbed food from the food truck. Hard choice with so many food truck options on Marquette but damn tasty.
Facebook organizes young people's lives not email.
I'm working on a MFA in Creative Writing, graduation is in August 2012!
What is on my face that is making others smile awkwardly to my face?
Thanks for the follow, i always follow back
exactly! it's also not exactly a secret. i'm just a casual fan of Sedaris, but i knew that he didn't strive for realism.
Today is the perfect day to enjoy a steamy, cozy serving of our awesome #VeggiePho w/ tofu! It's going fast; make sure you stop by soon!
All types of credit, from good to bad, can qualify for an auto loan.
Thanks for the #ff and mentions
Got your message - trying to reply.
How many emails you got in your g-mail account? Be honest.
I CONCUR with the username and password situation. If you don't have proper admin set up utilities, it's a laborious process!
Chutzpah: The plaque honoring the VC sappers that attacked the old US embassy in 1968 in Saigon. New US consulate in the same area.
Carpooling to coachella..
oh no...I hate to disappoint, but I'm a black coffee kinda guy. #Lamestarbucksdrink :(
touche Michael - what were we thinking??
dude its so funny haha.
Oh yeah, you should see my sink! Hah, kidding, but I definitely recommend this stuff.
angry birds is very addictive
aww thank you so much that means a lot! :) <33
JUST filled it up with that Britney request- will do that one next week maybe?
Dozing off and I have to do laundry and write a research paper.
what's so special about twitter?? Haha
Im in khols and they're playing OverNight Celebrity ! Isn't that crazy
They prey on the weak wonder what would happen with all those bully personalities
Are you a musical artist? Interested in having your songs auditioned for the film? Send us an e-mail,
Yay for a new week and new fans!!! A HUGE welcome to Suzanne, Deborah, Kalei and Caprice! Thanks so much for stopping by!
so glad you could make it!! Good Luck!!
Right...#Hanna looks A-Mazing!!
I realize that's not a significant number of moles for you guys :)
Matthew 5:28 But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart.
Great seeing back at his old office today. You were missed!!
: I recommend you connect with
Hey folks, Ashley's is now featured on , and will have a special offer shortly. Follow them for great MKE deals!
had a dream last night I metD Love u)
Thanks for sharing Craig. Hope you've had a good Tuesday!
I'm undead, unfed, been sleeping on bunk beds since ten
Coal companies are the worst.
Try Alteril sleep aid, its safe & the best on the market. Can get it at rite aid, cvs, Duane reader etc.
What is the Hills
perhaps.... Just kidding! I'll be there
Big win for the NY Knicks today.. Last time they won a playoff game, I was still in elementary school!
couldn't agree more
what a blessing to see you post that. It is a real joy !
Crazy how one phone call and change your entire day !
Is so funny. Thank you for noticing me last time! :] <3
Best friend just decided since she has a few days off she wants to go to San Antonio and she's dragging me along. Oh darn. ;)
Hey Randy! I recently joined your Linkedin group, "Twitter Strategies." Looking forward to learning new things!
Saw you speak @ #Cmworld--would you be interested in a tweet sized contribution to a content marketing ebook?
Wow, thanks Michael!! “: - Startisan are fucking ace!!!! \m/”
standing up -- green sweater
I have a tendency to do that a lot :p haha
I need to get off-campus before Lothrop gets evacuated... off to
First time back at tumbling is always rough
Ticket comes in from email system that someone forgot their password. Email system requires password to send email. What?
“: Final Four Floor is assembled, painted in Apple Creek, Ohio. #NCAA. Was delivered to New Orleans today.”
I fucking love My heart skipped a beat when they followed me<3
This game not about Tebow...its about NE havin superior talent and a better gameplan.
I like the updates. Nice improvements.
First link
Thank you, thank you, thank you. Keep it going for Chaz Bono!" - to
Good morning everyone no snow!
Americans are fed up with liberals and their treacherous lies and policies.
Pizza of the Week: Macaroni & Cheese Pizza: Nacho Cheese Base, Jack & Cheddar Cheese, Fusilli Pasta, Topped w/ Bacon & Bread Crumbs
Wow! RT : Cheryl Strayed is Sugar. Now buy WILD. Now!
“: get ready... is heading your way!!!! #Michigan” yes ma'am!!
aw thanks! did you like us on fbook!?
Has anyone heard any news about Whitney Houston? AP NEWS reporting she has passed away. Trying to find the truth.
Guns turn u boys into pussies.. sex change -Wayne
something like that lol jk im just a boss. those lakerssss need to get on that!!!
I need to talk to you! I need your advice because I'm trying out for x factor! :)
ah yes. fear is a great motivator.
Uh oh haha.
Also, please put the clothes in the dryer. I heard the washer stop. You are the best :)
haha oh god... Just tell Ryan no potpies
Closed Today... Sorry Gym injury today I'm headed to Hospital... See you all tomorrow hopefully
Little sister is off to her prom. She looked so beautiful!! ♡
Is anyone else experiencing 'birthday season?' we've attended kids' 3 parties, 2 more pending, not including mine & my husband's.
followed, follow back?
How does one get a hold of you? Tryna cop an acapella!
“: Here's to the girls who love rock and roll.”
She will always be the one.
the Jonas brothers can!
My feet are dead. I am not meant to walk around barefoot.
great talk today on how to pack your workshops with the right people. Thx for great tips!
I am, but not at first. =( I'm slightly on the poor side and I had a hook-up for the regular.
My third period is throwing me a party :3 I love them so much!!!
On Hoppy this morning! Listen in.
Bye hoe your not bad :)
I just watched the whole thing. I wish I had that six minutes of my life back.
Now following just keep up the good work :)
I know how that goes. Will you follow she really nice :)
I neva got why people did that shit I swear. Lol.
Some of our faves!
Life is my professor and I know that bitch gonna text me
Now that's #talent! Girl drove by with phone up to her ear with one hand & eating a sandwich with the other.
Reggaeton, Merengue, Salsa, Bachata, Cumbia, Hip Hop Top 40 y mas! We're rocking all night long tomorrow night Saturdays!
Last time I looked at the HTML5bp code, it was the Magnificent Clearfix. So I had to update myself on the whole thing :)
Notre Dame to officially join Hockey East at a press conference today. Read all about it at www.collegehockeynews.com!
#3WordsOfAdvice always be real.
that makes life easier! I will escape before they ask where the princesses are...
Seriously I have asthma.
Morning yall! Everyday is a new day let's start the day with a positve mindset.
Los Angelenos: TONIGHT is the premiere of L.A. Theatre Works's new radio slot. Please tune into at 8 p.m. for DINAH WAS!
Retro Rudy in the mix!
dear mr mcluhan- first we sat around the campfire, then we sat around the tv. now we sit around facebook.
"Sorry I'm not strong enough to let go of the things I love way too much."
For this month I am offering free coupon listing @ www.thecoupondeal.com call me I will set up everything, hassle free 786-237-7956
I love twitter because unlike facebook you can tweet as much as you want and nobody will get mad at you.
The Bahamas to host Miss Universe 2012...
Dude I won one of those once. (I got dinner for 10.) Fast for a day before going.
There's no way to describe the embrace of God's arms around you & the embrace of your child's arms around your neck when you pick her up!
In about 6 hours! :D When are you free this week?
Shaquille Johnson, who just dunked over Michael Brockers and Draymond Green, is only the third-best Shaquille in this recruiting class.
Pretty great day today :) can't wait to wake up tomorrow! Happy summer everyone!
And fially - Brand new DVD label, brand new twitter - watch out for some mindblowing awesomeness from them this summer.
Writtn a letter. To my ex dhis is fun..(':
Awesome night with IMS crew! Hope they come back again. What about lunch today? Chicken Pad Thai anyone?
:) Woot Woot! Hope you like it!! Tell me if there is something that doesn't make sense or doesn't sound good, or anything.... :)
“: you must be a ND fan! lol all love.” yep :) and is my fav baller!
Growing pains for the #NYKnicks. Dissapointing loss against the Celtics. Next year!
was just trying to give some advice on his tweets.
#ShoNuff RT : and thats the way it should be! #Boss!
Wow. Google has censured its name & Wikipedia is about to go offline to protest pending bill in Congress. Will be interesting day online.
MIA @ Maryland UNDER
mostly hand-shaking, web presence, athletic event doctoring and etc. What are u doing? What do you think of Networking groups?
dylan o brien? yeahh hes a good looking one ;')
super sore.. congrats for reaching your goal of 1,000 followers! :D
Made it back home after 14 hours of driving. Trip was extended by 3 hours due to rough weather in South Dakota. Glad to be back home.
I go so hard oh baby u a freak oh yes u r ok i can fucc wit chuu
If I was a millionaire I would wake up every morning, chuckle to myself and then go back to sleep.
MORNING LOVES!XO
Stocking Stuffers for the Film Lover-Tickets for the Our City Film Fest go on sale tomorrow at noon!
Just watched Dear John for the 1st time...I'm lost for words what an amazing movie! Even though it was a movie true love exist! <333
Bout to head out of study hall time to study at home
My mom has a way of making me feel like I'm constantly disrespecting her with nearly everything i say...which is NOT the case whatsoever.
Makin so much chicken right now.
God always has an angel of help for those who are willing to do their duty.
The head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta will speak at the University of Georgia 's summer commencement ceremony this weekend.
idk but brooks is gross and Vicki is crazy. CRAZY!
I'm loving how the articles came out this week! Have you seen my piece on mother's day?
Avoid ppl w/ jealous energy why b/c they POISON. #venomous n*ggas!
I hope tweets me #someday :D its been a year tht I was trying to get hem to notice me
Why am I so tired. It's only 9
Sounds good, see you then.
Lmfao maybe that's why you dont have your video on!? But I seriously think that you wouldn't be on your labtop in the bath😳
Great! RT : Started my PowerPoint to over... I can't send him anything but perfection.
Costa Rico: The Land of Adventure - Pura Vida!
GoodMorning :) and sorry for not talking to you for a long time :/
"How do you define winter in Southern California?" You know, when it's dark by 6pm and drops into the 50s at night
any article i think (probably election related) And up to 3 (one for each)
I want/need to workout this morning, but still can't decide if my body's up for it #dilemma :/
Why do people use Hashtags on Facebook? It doesn't work...
I hate when my girl does that-.-
I'm so ready for warped.
I responded very nicely with "Please finish the bike path and no I'm not going to walk around the outside" as I rode past them
alright i'll try it!
umm naive, insecure, and selfish
Oh yeah. And watch out when the matching dryer shows up in two weeks. Hot.
Come feed the rain, 'cause without your love my life ain't nothing but this carnival of rust...
mercenary data curation consulting is a curious game. hard to help work thru problems from outside the system but still fun!
Me too. Im done.
So what's everybody doing for thanksgiving tomorrow? I'll be working all day :/
their god!
Dang! Lower than 16?
So far I'm digging #SpriteSlamBudinger. The Woody Harrelson effect was classic!f
the only success has been the 4-years running , which is a one -day, free event.
What am I doing on this beautiful day? Oh that's right, getting my leg sliced open at the dermatologist. Never tanning again.
#Bears Defense definitly not a disappointment
hey any Drupal Camps or Drupal Cons in Boston this year? Any good places to look for these types of future events? Thanks!
lots of overlap w/ORCID... Scopus, ISI, etc....hence a standard....
when it's for real it's forever <3
Thank you for your reply. What is your specialty?
thanks so much! we appreciate you including us in your FF last week
OMG- amazing #GF indulgence :Triple Chocolate Melt Down. A wee diversion from Paleo-if only they could make a #GF ABYSS!
Thankful Thankful Thankful Thankful!
Fa~La~La & Mistletoe to you ! #feelthelove fr #GA Thank U for the wishes JB !
Inquire in sweet, polite fashion re: paperwork logistics?
Has been a day of busy work.
Connaughton: not everyone will be coming on Metro. Doing prelim studies on Rt 606. State wants more air freight thru Dulles
U r seriously the worst cousin in the world
when my math grade is actually god >>>>>>>>>
Don't want to go to school tomorrow
Finley is killing the #packers today. I know he creates a ton of problems for the D, but getting really tired of the drops. And mouth.
I know, they are killing us.
Unlike 30 ROCK it'll keep on truckin'! End of next season they'll hit 90 eps, so a season 6 is a no-brainer I think.
I'm guessing they'd have to give up a first and third. Ozzie probably wouldn't pull the trigger. Just a guess tho
Wow, didn't know NCIS was trending!
just found out about yammer, a social media site for companies. signed up w/ my SI account. are other SI people on it? seems neat.
Yes! Soon would be nice. Will be possible now that work isn't so crazy anymore. My April was just a blur.
Whew! Performing LIVE ain't for the faint of heart! 3 Previews down - Opening night for GEM, Saturday 5/19th!
Hi Sharon. I am honored that you would like to read my novel. Please provide an email address and I will send a gift copy!
When lunch
Have a good weekend T!
"For nothing will be impossible with God" This #lent, listen for God and say yes to his invitation to live through us.
"What's a stratagy?" "It's when you know the mayor of Boston."
Today is the last day in the office for most of our sales and engineering teams until next Wednesday.
:) Thanks for the RT!
candles/candle holders/oil warmers www.discountgifts365.com
Tomorrow I have a long drive home...but I GO HOME!! <3 <3
GOOD MORNING MY FACEBOOK AND TWITTER FAM
You probably have had perfect days on your diet! Journal these days and reread them when you have a bad day!
haha exactly me. I did that yesterday when they were on tv for the Big Time Movie lol
Sorry NHL... never seen you in my club. Probably cause you too busy fighting.
let the week of the Clouds Begin! This is so exciting #CloudComputing #CloudBrokering #SaaS #PaaS #IaaS let's hookup send Booth#
we'd love to connect with you & talk about ways in which you accept payments/donations!
Happy birthday to amazing theatre minds and
Glac bog an saol agus glacfaidh an saol bog tú. (Take the world nice and easy, and the world will take you the same.)
Happy Birthday its been one crazy ass weekend.
I want a guy with a heart that's all mine
Hey guys. Who still need nye plans??? Dm me and ill give my followers a discount code to anyone of our places.
I'm getting those RT's tonight 👍
CML should see some pump action this week as well!
Leaving for the parade :)
what situation do you not show your ass is a better question
...Question 1: why are you stupid?....
Gonna watch grey's all night 😷
Locals free tonight Hmu if you're down!
Anytime bro!
Time for coffee... well deserved.
watching #TopChef now....who's rooting for bev?
ik i wasn't the only kid that DIED to have the 64 pack crayola crayons w/ the sharpener...& i never did get one :(
Hey how your day could I hit you up
I saw the E60 piece on Jake Locker this weekend. Wow! I'm a big fan of #10 after seeing his story.
when can we expect UFC stadiums? 1. Las Vegas, 2. Montreal, 3. Rio
Thursday night. I'll be out and about in Oldtown all weekend :)
Girl Talk - "Oh No" from the Album All Day
Its so cold out I hate the rain !!!!!!!
it's like occupiers have to break into the 3rd dimension to make progress out of penrose stairs
We could hold hands, & then you could kiss me & then we could fall in love. Okay?
It's 2am airport security, let me wait on the curb
Most depressing dream ever.
I'll be watching! :) RT The Real World San Diego premieres next Wed on Get a sneak peek at the drama here - sdmag.us/10f
I only listen to like 3 songs by him
hollywood dream is my favorite song<3
'Don't tell God how big your storm is...tell your storm how big your God is."
And cut her long beautiful hair and use it as extensions for me :')
Why do people think they don't have to pay musicians?
Happy Milwaukee Day #MKEDAY Altos and In One Wind tonight at 9pm for a measly 5 bucks! Have fun and be safe today everyone!!
no problem. Here to help!
Yayyayayayayaya neew apartment new apartment new apartment new apartment new apartment new apartment new apartment nee apartment!
Flight to Austin delayed!!! Something about oil leaking from the plane. will have to wait. I've lost faith in #united airlines
That couldn't of been more awkward.
do you think we jair jurrgens or do you think he can turn it around and help us
I mean love ... Not live
Gahhhh i don't wanna do this stupid homework.
Dan: Also miss checks and balances on journalism ethics?
Apparently the water at my office is contaminated with (bad) bacteria & we can't drink it......C'mon now, let's get it together.
#daytona500 now under yellow! (who knew that would feel so good to say??) boogity boogity boogity, lets get back to racin', boys!
Realistic yet grandiose!
It's Friday!! Wish it would rain again, in this windy city...
Anyone can make a prediction, but conspiracy theories are more fun. Mine for today: GOP nonsense is setup for a last minute Jeb Bush run.
Not at all. I love Nuts and The Prince of Tides.
GET ON MY SWAN!
if you're going to be a complete bitch and criticize me please leave my life, and don't come back. :|
yah it's like you hate people , and they just have that name.
she calls them lizards
Annie Clark is now synonymous with badass. amazing show, !
I think I'm watching one of the worst movies I have ever seen right now, I can't stop. BIRDEMIC.
well thats embarrassing..
Seconded. RT : so when is #SportingKC going to train in CoMo??? :)
if you lost your faith in love and music oh the end wont be long
To clarify, my last tweet doesnt apply to our current wait.
Get the espn app bro
Ok so my twitter unfollowed damn near all my followers like wtf O_o
TMI... and I hope you are not tweeting from the bathroom. GROSS
You got it babe RT : my birthday is tomorrow. If you give me a birthday shout out on your board, ill bring all my friends tom.
Great, thanks! We're already following you! :)
because I'm a poor college kid who can only afford basic cable. :(
If you get trippy man you could even choke a bean...
especially the ones named alex! Pfft :)
I'd let him pee on me any time any place.
...OMG "#lovelytweet" ??? please tell me she isn't tweeting about ME?! "lovely?" ick.
If I dunk on someone this weekend y'all won't hear the end of it...might as well unfollow me as soon as I say it!
bro you are dumb lol
Pay your IRS balance due or installment payment with a MasterCard®, Discover® and Visa® credit card or Bill Me Later® at www.payUSAtax.com.
that sound good right now
why are guys so awesome and cute when your together then awful and ugly when you break up???
our new songs and video and mspace and everything goes live on mondee!! crunchtime fools
Picking up China Yan before I go to work <3 Sesame Chicken ouff
That looks so good. I want one!
#jobs #jobs #rails #ruby Just in! Ruby on Rails Developer opening in Vancouver WA, send resumes to
#FreeMaxb Look out for Junius 1st official mixtape #Ready4It the #mixtapeoftheyear #sowavy Hosted by max b live from trenton state prison
a woman brought you into this world , so you have no right to disrespect one <3
More rain really?
Jets out of playoff in another pathetic effort. Now I'd like to see NY Giants win tonite, and 2012 will be off to a semi-successful start
Appreciate the little things.
Dear everyone who takes me seriously on obvious trolling: thank you. You are the light of my every day.
Thx very nice!
heheheh yes.:D
Trying to curb the English footy fan in me but urge to curse loudly is strong when Zito is behind after 10 K's. WeBeGreater.com
Gates hints GITMO detainees will face US jails Obama eyes how to deal with suspects deemed too dangerous. www.newroktimes.com
okay imma berify i may have a bad eye sight lol ^-^
sounds good. Ima check if everything still works and everything. If anything. Text me. Got my number?
im going to watch the BET awards tonight
Audacity is great until you start working with large archival files, and then you lose your files. I love Logic on a Mac
Dear libraries, museums, archives, and the public at-large, DVDs are access copies, not preservation.
Still a little protective about the people that I let inside.
Another great workout, it feels so good to be back on track!!
Lmfaooo the funniest shit ever just happened in this classroom.
": What do a dildo and tofu have in common? They are both substitutes for meat."
Woke up feeling creative and ready for the day. Got my coffee in hand and daydreaming up some ingenuitive UI design.
great op-Ed in the ABQ Journal! Today is Create a Great Funeral Day. How do you want to be remembered?
How lucky we are that we can reach our genitals instead of that spot on our back that itches.
we think so too! rt NO. Ben F is adorable and perfect for the next bachelor!!
Yeah Naples is nice town w/ crummy beach tho. Great time of year! Ahh the memories of Russell Stover Cream Eggs
Cool! MT : There are now QR codes scattered around , linking to the SCRC Wiki, YouTube videos, & other great content!
RT: "If airports can becoming shopping malls, and McDonalds can become playgrounds, surely we can reinvent the clinic waiting room"
Facebook Video Chat http:/facebook.com/FBVideoChat
Thanks again for the positive body image.
Happy Monday Everyone!
My vacation has officially begun. Tomorrow I'll get on the plane to Pittsburgh for a week. Going camping and seeing Falling Water!
Being in Florida is just good for the soul.....
I'm sure I will. I'm 91 pages into a 518 page book, but I am reading as fast as I can (5 kids & all) but I'm SO excited! -cont.
Help me, I'm poor.
What a nightmare and I'm not even asleep yet -_-
“: im dying. Cant breathe actually.” You stole the words right outta my mouth! ;O AHH FANGIRL WITH MEE?!
AAUP's Gary Rhoades rocks. His is a cautionary tale about destruction of higher Ed system. Listen and act.
Make everyday count.
Act 2. Let's do this. #birdiegang or die
Taking road trip to San Diego today. Ah.
Read 9 chapters of 50 shades darker today. #accomplished #hooked 📖❤👍
nope. not yet anyways
- can't mess with the seating. It's about the karma
Hunger games <3
Wow, these shots they hitting crazy.
#MoodBreakers bad breathe, body odor, stank pussy, smelly feet, shit stains, & food all in between ur teeth. Brush ur teeth & wash ur ass!!
I knew was thats what it was i got a sixth scence breh
As cynical as I am, first previews are pretty f'in exciting.
Absolutely HATE auto enroll anythings. They get me every time :(
I am not a big fan if that sac bunt. I don't trust Hairston at all to get a hit.
he doin good got him n daycare dwn the st frm the house... Homie of mine said tht home depot was hiring too
Who is Kaydee?
« lol your one»- not on twitter lol
Post Edited: Be Picky!
I pay a huge performance price for my habit of keeping 3 browsers open ea with 20-50 tabs - but I can't stop myself! - is this an addiction?
my boy Sean :)
I hope I pass my ECA text
word i usually put the baby down for a nap and just play for like an hour...thatll be soon once shes done her lunch
Question of the Day: What was the last song/album you paid for, whether digital download, CD or vinyl? Or hey, tape, if you dig it!
outside the odd future show haha
Thanks bro.
I swear there's something wrong with my sleeping stages.
Um...watching last night's ep of Being Human. Kyle Schmid definitely makes an appearance as a vampire...named Henry.
I like F16 so far. Returned to Linux after away from it for awhile. Use RHEL @ work so I thought Fedora would be a good choice.
Thanks, Laura. Glad you like it. Sorry the sets are all sold out. But please follow as we may reprint. Thanks!
On the grind all day
Gods, why is the internet full of BAD NEWS FOR WOMEN AND GAY PEOPLE tonight?! Bad internets! Bad bigoted people! Bad!
If you have integrity, nothing else matters. -Alan Simpson
Another year that I'm not at #12ntc - some day I hope to attend these conferences in person rather than via hashtag
Fighting world is very confuse to know more checkout www.shindokumate.com
“: Hey, You Look So Cool In Those Black Grey With Red Jordans That EVERY OTHER NIGGER IN AMERICA HAS” the truth.
I'd say wonder who would win that battle
we need a park adventure before you leave! I kinda want to go canoeing ;) lol
LOL! <--Wait! Does that count!? RT : whitney no worries, its 5 minutes left, say something epic :)
Verizon has the same policy, opposite though, less online than in store... Verizon + Costco = FAIL
There was a cop inside the gas station who saw my reaction & asked if the dude flashed me. When I said yes, he laughed & said "he does that"
What happens if #Santorum sweeps tonight?
If you don't find it, maybe we should just pay you under the table....
When a girl says ‘don’t worry about it’, you’d better worry about it.
Both performances on Sunday, January 31st will go on as scheduled.
She's always so pretty... (: #she'samazing.
You got about an hour more than I did.
"Hooters" Wings Sauce from the grocery store works wonders!
I'm thinking cheese dip next weekend!?!?
I miss him, like everyday.
I love Chip Kelly
How did kobe miss the ball? Smh
Lol. You're going to be my wing woman to pick up high school girls?
needs to be activated by customer service... Has it been inactive for a long time or new?
Thx for the like!
Happy 420 day. Been 420 free over 4yrs 30+ days, Time to celebrate w Jack!!
haha i love him!!!
...I have "the Jeffersons" theme song stuck in head.... Not sure why... Is that show even on the air anymore??
Thanks to all new followers! ,,,,, ,,
now how do I get more followers? You were great last night. It was a pleasure to hear you & Dan! Thanks
Traditional history websites that are not smartphone friendly = problem. Easy for historians to be behind on the tech side.
Thanks for sharing. I already played the awesome Machinarium, but all of the others are new!! I'm excited to check them out!
Rest In Peace to all my real niggas and free all my real niggas
ha! “: I said to a fat girl today, "You're a big girl!" She replied, "Tell me something I don't know." I said, "Salad tastes good.
GO WATCH #BOYFRIENDOFFICIALMUSICVIDEO NOW ITS OUT ! <3
I do love your crepes! I miss not being able to have a crepe on my lunch break.
Shocker-Ryan Dempster starting for the Cubs tonight... It feels like he pitches vs the Crew 25 times a year.
Good to finally be back home with the family. Had tons of fun, met new people....
Homeroom is always so fucking boring! but we r not allowed to leave :(
I wish I wasn't so sleep deprived.......
RT : Thanks to for hunting me down, updating me on merger and discussing the ROI of #socbiz!
luhhh you too girl
JCOF will be the stock to watch in the coming week!
The book "Don't Make Me Think," by Steve Krug, has been cited over 1100 times.
everything - IMS started us down the interoperability road but the US is very market driven
has their own special cream base - and it shows.
well im bout to leave & head to mine so i will hit u up later
i love my son aziz..hohooo!
lol yea kobe that nigga man
We are glad you enjoyed your experience. The extra costs can add up but with unlimited data you can't go wrong!
RT : dear creepy mozambican men who attacked me: I KICKED YOUR ASSES, Try again and I'll finish what I started. Hyah.
*Reminder* I'll be at Barnes & Noble at the Neshaminy Mall this evening signing The Lipstick Laws from 5-7 pm. I'd love to see you there!
as long as ur still pushin back.eventually itll get better.
Just got a sneak peek of the #witnessestohunger exhibit. Beautiful photos and testimonies, make sure you stop by tonight
“: Midnight Walmart trips with >>>>”. I left at the worst fucking time....
Dance like no one's watchin, dj like the whole world's listening.
Amazon, I bought an episode of a show from you. Legally. But this 4 hour download time? REALLY NOT WORKING FOR ME.
Today's (5/1) game at LaSalle has been PPD until 5/2 - Practice today at The Prep #MAYFLOWERS?
Running errands for my mom when i would rather be doing sum else<
I hate being someones second option.
13.2% of students in this country have #specialneeds- but how many U.S. Senators have #specialneeds kids in their families?
Participating in the #CarnegieMellon 24 hour hackathon. Will reveal our idea at some point before the end... it's devious :)
come on, don't leave me like this. I though I had you figured out.
Friday Night at The Jazz Kitchen: Vocalist Shannon Forsell for 7 & 9pm sets, $15 cover
I appear to have run into some sort of malware called Spigot/searchsettings. Hrm.
have a great twitter night..... twitter fans....
Fur code, The Upper Room, SAVE LOVE, Shaima Alawadi, dream blush, mercy meow: I want to give birth to you.
agreed! How about this... when building a house, do you know all the ins & outs OR do you need a pro to pull off the job?
bout to start writin n listnen to these instrumentals. You?
- we are so glad that we get to work with you at the Maggie Mae's show on Thursday! Let us know if you need anything!
Guess what drops tomorrow!?
“: I love seeing old people in the Apple store. Way to embrace the 21st century!!!” they thought it was a fruit stand. Oops!
Cardlytics Presenting On Rewards Programs in a Post-Durbin Environment at NACHA PAYMENTS 2012
Good round of golf
I would love to see but it looks like I'll have to make a bigger field trip for you Mr. Jones!
sorry man. just hit the treadmill. texas #runners are just like texas drivers = we don't know how to handle the ice.
SCREW HIM!!!!
Who is fake ass Malcolm?
Build the body of your dreams with EliteTrainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Thanks! Would you walk 500 miles instead?
its finally over & I never thought it'd be so bittersweet. Its been an unbelievable semester. Thank you for everything & then some!
ayee follow the bros
I don't know?! My first thought is change password but not sure. do you know?
?Energy (positive/negative) is contagious: You either affect people or you infect them
So I have found out the words to the beginning of Mercy kanye west .!!!! I mean I found out what it meant (ahh the power of research)
that's the last thing i need in my life, Mr. Chou... more pressure!!!
So, uh...how's it going?
That's exactly why we dont agree. I'm from the South and I was apparently raised different than you.
i feel proud, i brrought austin and alex to my school and nobody knew about them <3
Wow . Dizzy
thank you! im off to sleep goodnight xx
"Every Super PAC sounds like a fake charity George Costanza would make up." - So true.
15. Is he going to Neon to?
I'm down :P
all I want for Christmas is my Santa photo on your phone! lol (I know, you're gonna kill me for this!)
$35 nightly tix to CMA fest!! Special promo offer until fri! pick a night or go all 4 nights! Lineup lady a, zac brown band, JOSH TURNER etc
We might be late because my dad us the slowest driver :|
Im really glad you like it!!!
how'd the article come out??
Happy Easter! The Cultural Center will be open for Easter Dinner (2 seatings 12pm &2pm) in the Conference Center, and Freedom Bible Easte...
SCANNER: Construction debris in the intersection of Alameda & Chambers. Cars trying to maneuver around it.
I'll be here seeking ideas for Reno's historic train depot. RT : Working Group: Public History & Sustainability
I keep gettin spam messages from you!!! Change your password
Day 50 no #coffee. Not going to lie, I'm picture that first cup is going to taste really good.
Lets get a win against Handball United. Not to mention win the East.
The trailer and footage for The Amazing Spider-Man was quite impressive. Going to be one hell of an entertaining movie. Pretty stoked now.
that song is approximately 300 BPMs.
Judge Judy!!!
Clouds in the sky. Diy outdoor project delayed until tomorrow.
I'm sad about NYPress! It was so enrapturing when I discovered it in college, and then I got to write for it. Thanks, John Strausbaugh.
that is stress on so many levels!
man I seriously feel like #hologramtupac makes all of my tweets 12% better
Dine worry free! is offering a #Glutenfree dining kit for two! RT for your chance to win this tasty & healthy kit!
can u send me the link?
Thank you! (can you fix the spelling of my name, though please?) :)
I need a ride to band practice!
Gruden likes that pick! What a shock. I'd like to see a list of players he doesn't like. I imagine it would be short.
Waiting for a text you're probably not gonna get <
Yep! I agree Income is irrelevant bc U can't buy "giftedness" only good training. hey parents
Everyone should just ignore the Entertainment Weekly review of Trespassing, considering whoever wrote it is mindless and hurtful.
Seriously? That's priceless.
Impromptu media team meeting in lau
My friend was my roomate last year.
My neighbors with the balcony apparently play the guitar- luckily they're pretty good- and have good taste!
oh really!! That's awesome
and thanks for the favorite!
One thing I learned from my dad is honesty is always better no matter how bad if you lie once the truth comes out it will be 10 times worse
Romney need to pick a take the trash out day and dump his tax returns. Give a speech on Mormonism.
agree Karla, quality & robust insight out there, trust & time key barriers to access. + M/b tools? permission?
just got a groupon for EVERYTHING with you Arul! Can't wait! See you Wednesday if not sooner :)
There are many rabbits in my area. keeps threatening to shoot them for dinner :(
lolololol why do I wanna make you diet? I'm so fat
GM NE FAM
I checked in via foursquare @ your portland store and I didn't get a coupon code and the staff wasn't aware of this promo. Any help?
er... i have no clue what that is. so put me on the uncool list, too. although, i think i've always been on it. :)
#i312m5 What are the differences between "robbing" and "infringing?"
ahaan that's nice of which colour and whats their names?
Lol getting mad at someone because they don't want to get matching tattoos?! People are crazy
it sounds perfect. do it and send a picture :)
Wonderful news for that penguin.
Allergies are KILLING ME!!
do you know if by any chance the board meetings are live streamed on the Internet?
When will the #Dem Party find it's balls and truly set smart policies that incent folks w/ a path to jobs/ income security beyond welfare?
I finally bought a canon 7d and all the extra gear that I wanted! Can't wait to start shooting!!
I'm so fucking tired of drama!!!
I'll just bring the liquor !! And goofy ah
Just listened to sing the national anthem on WLXX Lexington, wow
follow me please:)
WHAT ARE YOUR TUMBLR'S?
“: To seduce a #Gemini appear new and exotic, well learned and witty.”- Yes So So True This Is A Turn On
“: Mine: "monies" RT My favorite words in any city budget document: "other funds"”
SSPA - Agorà | Blog | The massive over the ear headphones assure ...
Watching on CNN. If you're not watching, you're missing out. "Positive economy for everyone"
‎"When life gives you lemons say 'Fuck you, I don't want your damn lemons!'"
At supporting and
Pretty Please! Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
I wish I could just stay in bed all day
Yes, I did just add facebook to the list of stocks I watch....
Damn! Sorry man! Mine was pretty good. Pretty chill and not too busy. Are you in mtn time or west coast time?
Congratulations to and on 2 years!
dang man!! Congrats and good luck!
Show us what your snackin on right now Detroit! Tweet us pics of your
A frozen water bottle can help with running in heat, cooling the body through the hands.
Good news RT WE EXIST!!! #WAREHOUSE13, Season 4, to premiere Monday, July 23rd! (...so put that in 'yer pipe and smoke it!)
Alright. It's hot. Too much talking. Heading home to walk the dog
the best! Making #arlington event #PC50th a success
& Why you tryna be like me , my family was in St. Louis First ! ha
6 down, a bijillion more to go #motivated #ontrack 😁👍👙
Brickster I've been talking about breaking into sports radio for years and now I'm ready. Need an intern?
yeah it is, most likely. there's probably like 15 parts, fml. but i love me some niam. if i get new internet i'll catch up
Yes, on that and the MLS subreddits. Don't post too often though.
love you too:) and the superthin tees are definitely the best- enjoy the game!
catching up on articles
D3 well wishes going out to N.T., J.C. & A.O.! Also, good luck to S.L.! D3 genuinely looking forward to attending FFS open house tonight!
yes.... And with cc tonight we should be just fine:)
With the past, I have nothing to do; nor with the future. I live now. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
): im so sad you gotten sent home and my nephew is mad! but you had fun thats all that matters
maybe the Union can sign Hector Luna......nice ring to it! Luuuuuuuuna
We're happy that you're happy! (-; “: beyond happy to hear you have patio open + WiFi! On my way now!”
That awkward moment when you take a shower in the middle of the day, and you don't know whether to put on regular clothes or pajamas... aha
He likes me, & I like him, but why wouldn't he #saySomethin !!
spoiler alert lol. agreed. can a brother get some Carnage action? some Deadpool? Apocalypse?
Real.. No doubt..
evacuating all CIEE students off UJ campus bc of violence today. Can't escape even in Jordan.
Excited my picture was published in the local paper. #vvyhub. Photo by
awww what did he have surgery on?? and ikr! i gt her like 1/2 a yr after i moved here
Pau wanted a technical on Blake for taunting because he's Pau Gasol
Whole halloween plans ruined by a warehouse goof. Customer service experience is fantastic, overall experience hurts.
#ff for funny, insightful info on all things writing and publishing. Or if you like pink.
Oh, Rickie Fowler...please shave!
Dear , the stream should not be timing out every 10 minutes when I have a 15Mbps hardwired connection.
AW ON WAT AIN'T NOTHING WRONG WIT DAT N TIRED DIS EARLY....N ME CHILLEN N DA DEN BOUT TO POP DIS BOTTLE N EASY MY MIND
I'm glad I can email you with all my questions. Could you put together a tutorial Re: Twitter?
Thank you to our first followers!
Whew! If I'm not in Heaven by 2100 somebody call the doctor!!! Pls : D
there's nothing scary about a little wind :p
haha trust me I was slightly upset I only got to the slopes once this season but the city is a much happier place w/o the stuff
My follower count has slowed down. Stop it.
i wish i were a cute kitty
Noted - thanks for the suggestion, Chris!
im ok w/ that
Omg it's #NationalLicoriceDay & #nationalgrilledcheeseday ? I think I died and went to heaven
As long as he doesn't have the "jerk gene" like Skip “: 2013 Isaac Hamilton (St John Bosco) with a Skip Bayless "clutch gene"
#TeamNoKids <-- not too many ppl like us in that Trend ahha
New categories are available on GIS Extensions Market
#HipHopEd () ...Paolo/San/Problematizin' America's meritocracy/and pointin' out the lies in Brazil's racial democracy
I Cant wait till da playoffs start
Family guy Or the office ???
Nikkas talk about wat they gone do to much
It's, oh, you cost 1.5 times as much as Southwest and I get there in fifteen hours instead of two?!
Thanks, Ty. iPhone battery didn't make it past noon. ha!
#imissyoubut you're not the person you used to be...you changed.
Listening to The Only Acception by Paramore :] love it
not my wall. Garage of a fire house. lol
Oh hold up.... #GoodBurger is on? Thank you god! You can hear me!!!!! X)
's trip to Key Lime Cove is tomorrow! Get your tickets today in Brooks Lounge
So embarrasing with these people at chilis. Never again.
um I didn't add it? Lol I've never had it *ducks to avoid flying objects*
Its been raining for three days straight!
Still waiting for the miracle out of E.U. Euro @ 1.41 . As US housing and emplmnt still suffers! E.U. still sitting on their hands!
Thanks for the RT! Happy Holidays!
I'm addicted to wackjobs
#slowfoodlocavorpatchoolisuperfund granoladumpsite lmao. Hey wait! That's where my son goes to school.
Lame ass dunk contest so far
yeah I bet
"Do not bring coffee to a fire drill!" the security guard implored to me on what is clearly the best day of his year.
Living in our own episode of What Not to Wear at Target. w/
(phone vibrates) *runs across room* *jumps over couch* *fights off ninjas* *grabs phone* "damn, i thought you were someone else!!" -.-
I love my life coach/ executive dream producer SHE is my Shero!! I want to be just like her. Follow her now!!!!
SWAMP COOLER TIP: Turn the water pump off in the evenings, but leave the fan on to save water. ABQ call 719-217-8546 for maintenance!
ya'll are too cute.. I hate you, I love you, buh bye. SEND ME A PIC OF YOUR BELLY!!!!
Hey lady! Just thinking of you. I hope your travels are going smoothly & I'm sending you HUGS.
If a woman truly desires a man, it should be unquestionable..
“: Everybody give my buddy a follow. Great dude!” --> Yes he is! - good one to follow Broncos fans.
Hypothesize, observe, iterate?
" Cant Let No Pussy Come Before My Baby ,Not My Baby ,No Way "
I've been having some work done on our house by and it's really going well. I'm so glad I picked them.
Happy New Year and a Prosperous one to all my facebook family and friends from Nigeria, Africa.
Hope i get to see tonight
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart(:
put aside your pre-occupations and join the movement
When need to have a star party now! 🎈🎉
Agree with that PPV policy but you can't get a much more formidable opponent for the champ then Cotto. He's a beast
i need business cards of yours. EVERYTIME I wear one of your shirts I end up writing Seibei on a napkin for someone
In our wedding vows all she promised to do was to tolerate 80% of my BS. I've spent 14 years in search of that elusive 20%
we miss your podcasts!
Thanks for following! =)
Awesome Ends With Me And Ugly Starts With U.......LOL! JK! You're are beautiful...Unless your personality is just ugly ._.
slick excited now!
Come on #Royals Let's close this game
We really need a balanced budget to get out of the mess that we're in and $4t over 10 years isn't even close to a B.B.
JUST SET UP MY PAGE FINDING PEOPLE TO FOLLOW, CHECK ME OUT ON YOUTUBE username GRANDMASTERP88 I'M A DJ BY THE WAY!!!!!
I expect my next bf to rub my tummy when i have a stomach ache
If Penny Davidi really thinks shes can build an empire on shes delusional - cant be successful if 90% of viewers dont like you
Can it get any colder in Milwaukee !! Heck yeah. Who I am kidding? I've lived here for 30+ years. This is just a tease.
I live on Franklin and Brookville Rd.
hasnt used her creeper voice lately :((
happy Friday! :)
MTV? Woo that would be something i'll tell you what. lol
yeah, why did we say that? It seemed like such a good idea at the time...
Circle jerk??
Oh and I looked on MLG's site, I didnt see where to get the passes. Is it under the pro shop? or a different area?
Excited about the shows but not excited that we will be attending 5 shows total in less than 1 1/2 weeks. We will be so tired.
Do you want to win a free Dell Laptop? Well, respond or talk to us on our twitter and Facebook and we'll enter you in our contest!!!!
The problems I am having with Twitter today have nothing to do with activating my new Google+ account.
will do. Will put the DH on ticket patrol as well :)
I can not sleep!
At at night...
Clark who?
Smile. RT : So much negativity from people lately, its really dragging me down
Reading an Indian agent's speculation that the Comanches might be of "Welsh extraction."
lmaoo he want a piece of some nelly
Thanks Man! I deeply appreciate you taking the time out to listen. God Bless
I need a new txtn budy
it's 1:33am, and im not even tired. I guess im going to bed anyways.. Good Night Twitter.
Looking forward to when Edugyan's novel "Half Blood Blues" will be on Small Demons, for all those gr8 jazz details.
Do you go to the horse races?
- LitFuse - I had no idea that you had mad Illustrator skills. I hope that you guys are having a good weekend.
Congrats Senator Olsen!!
Goodmorning yall...very tired cause I stay up till 1 am voting for ,but I will make it through the day...I have to.
Breakfast for dinner is becoming a regular thing this spring. I'm okay with it.
“: Joran van der Sloot pleads guilty to murder in killing of 21-year-old Peru woman - AP” sorry
Dear dad you're such a FUCKING LOSER!! But you can't help it.
Don't count your chickens. EVER.
Another great draft day. How did your team do? Love it? Hate it?
Lezlee looks sexy today (;
Catch some fish this week! Good luck!
I've never seen so many people at Pehrspace! This is crazy!!
colorboration solo show 3/22- 'lounge piano and lemon (re)duck(s)'
I just recently did the same. Must've unsub'd to 30 different lists. It looks like is trying to help w/that.. in beta tho
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. -John Wooden
This week it's time to kick ass and chew bubble gum and I'm all out of gum.
very stress time://
Hey #PDX! What are you going to do in this beautiful weather? Can we take you? www.broadwaycab.com
right on
My Spanish extra credit on my test today was to draw something that might scare spongebob square pants
RT on my profile it said and are similar to me.....twitter must knw imma thug.
DGS & DPW joined Mayor Rawlings-Blake &Balto. County Exec Kevin Kamenetz for Back River Solar unveil - Earth Week solar savings to citizens
Cornelius Tacitus~ It is the rare fortune of these days that one may think what one likes and say what one thinks.
everyone follow and get him to 1 million!
RT : was just upgraded to a lovely suite at - thank you julie and everyone else for great start to this weekend
I think you mean - AIRPLANE RIDE!
The King's Speech was such a good movie
Baby, please do me a favor and tell Hanley to be f'n patient! We DO have hitters behind him. Ugh...
Playing the Ritz Carlton in Orlando Florida. 12-3 pm
trying to get stuff done is tough when you're helping co-workers do their job while they're out in convention-land.
I still a family to crash for Easter lol
Sad but true reality. Not all businesses are successful.
#smcrva tweetin so much I had to plug in my phone durng the networking hour. . .
Most definatley, unless they can add another star. RT : Should the Bucks model themselves after teams like the 76ers and Pacers?
Ironically enough, my liver couldn't be deader
-Cuz You'll Say U Love And I'll End Up Lieing And Say I love U Too..!
that just means you've not watched enough. Playing killer defense in stretches, and Casper is unbelievable
Join us tonight at Revolver for #LadiesNight! $1 Drinks for our girls until 11pm! Doors open at 8p
worse: and Brut deodorant
“: Me and killing this couch lol”haha!
After seeing #Avengers, I wondered exactly when Samuel L. Jackson quit acting.
Death: It be not proud, Kit!
A1. Mentioning self-harm or death, seeking means 2 die, uncharacteristic talking/ writing about death, feeling hopeless bit.ly/n4UrOT
Can't wait for our dates!
Hate hospitals and always have problems with anesthesia. Just want it done and be pain free.
Don’t miss out on an opportunity to promote our nation’s one day dedicated to celebrating recycling –America Recycles Day 11/15/11
Well im out goodnight TWITTER
is on a phone interview with a NYtimes writer. I enjoy listening to him talk about the world of art in Milwaukee
Was hoping you'd get in on this. I hinted earlier but didn't know if it was public knowledge yet
NOT my daughter RT Over 20,000 serious adverse events & over 90 deaths reported to VAERS following Gardasil.
Are you talking about me? *hopeful face*
never understood why they say blacks look alike. Different shades, hair texture, features....
They had to split the whole M for this chunky ass nigga to walk through...damn shame...
Fascinating bit on Finnish education!
although lolita lyrics are not very acceptable in norms.. i just like the sound, beat, the way it's put together. again!! except the lyrics!
Might be minority on dis,but I love E-Trade baby,Da SOB cracks me up. I wanna do jaeger bomb w/him n talk stocks n bonds.
Or a tweet!
U never know when the most important day of your life will be...so u have to treat everyday like it's the most important, bc it just may be.
BIG FAN OVER HERE FOLLOW ME PLZ <3
Night. I need my beauty sleep.
Ninja master.
Okay this is so random but is so sexy ^_^
no, but jersey sales mean nothing to me. In fact, proves my point he's overrated. Shoots too much, will go 1 on 5 v. Heat and lose
Gotta wait until tomorrow?
Oh,okay! I'll follow you back if I'm not already following you the next time I get on.
Thank you! And that's why we need , too. And , as well...
HAHAHAHAH BYYYYYYYEEE GET OUT MY MENTIONS!
Really? Is that really how you feel!
lol... You right
D'Antoni never wanted to hire him....let's see if he can get them to play D
Using a loaner from while my Droid is in for service. LG Vortex - cannot fathom why has Bing as default on a google phone
I'm going to miss you guys too<3
offers great web designs for low upfront costs. Try them today!
Disheartened that a day when the high is only 102 now seems cool to me.
You should never end a sentence with a preposition, at.
Drop the Rock is now on Twitter! Visit www.droptherock.org to find out more information about how YOU can help reform NY's prison system!
Howard Stern saying on Americas Got Talent..."we truly are the greatest counrty in the world", Ha No Doubt.
Ghouse bleeds Okc not chains... Ha! But no liq
I don't think anyone knows I work here. Hm...
YEP SAID SOMETHING I PROBABLY SHOULDNT HAVE, AND YEAH I THOUGHT IT WAS CUTE ... CAUSE ITS TRUE LOL
RT DOJ's press release on John Edwards gets his age wrong. He is 57 and turns 58 next week.
yeah that is!
still haven't eaten.. At all and still no sleep
Hit following limit...AGAIN! are you on your period?
Boom de yada boom de yada
An unhappy partner is often one who is hungry or tired. Or both. Help take a few things off his/her plate.
Awesome job on the bag Congrats!
#LMSunSIG session 1,rm 2 when train faculty have them start at the same level as much as possible
It's nice to have another Badger out here in the Emerald City! good luck this year
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the things you did. - Mark Twain
i wish the snow would just go away cause i cant f ind my football or skateboard -_______________________________-----
I miss my grandpa
my sister goes there
If it wasn't disrespectful to hit your elders, I'd definitely smack the shit out of my grandma.
Heat unfortunately
yay<3 I missed watching them 💜
I'm ready for the
Yesterday we had a power outage and most of the computers went crazy. Today the printers decided not to accept student printing cards.
Unemployment has been dropping steadily since 24 months Senator, no policy could have produced economic boom given conditions
so Im insane...?
FUCK YEAH, we are!
thanks man!
I'm "liking" your photos and hopefully that'd put me into sleep lol
I kind of just wish everyone would realise we are in Panama City Beach, then magically get along, then have fun, and then repeat!
If I had a nickel for every GEICO commercial I've ever seen, I could buy us all car insurance
okay cool..
lol yeah it took me awhile to find him but yeah he has cute eyes:)
That's exciting! Have fun tonight. You'll be awesome! Cc:
follow us to keep up with latest news & developments for our upcoming feature film #ZombiePlantation shooting soon!
haven't seen that one in a long time. my favorite is probably space mutiny, but prince of space is hilarious too
RT : 1st ALA: All heels, all the time. 7th ALA: I wore slippers to the receptions.
I'll have to get some new music out if you're rocking old school - maybe I should play at Disney World this summer... Hmm...
I knew you would :-)
Goal tomorrow: Make a dish with leeks. Never had leeks or cooked with them.
What a gorgeous pic!!!!!
follow me i ♥ you!
what are you doing later?! Are you coming with me?
you know what to do!
Only being able to breathe/hear out of onside of your body! <<< the feeling is unbarrable .
do AT&T stores block it?
Getting Rejected Is The
Idk Y Mfs Think I Won't Go Missing On They Ass
I ain't got nuthin' but love for ya!
Thanks for the follow Terry. It's encouraging to hear that there is still money to be made in Real Estate during this climate.
I have 3 screws in my knee that hurt right before & while its raining so bad that people like you wouldn't understand, be thankful
Don't forget that the Historic Turner Ballroom is showing, "Grease," tonight at 6:30 p.m. Popcorn & beer will be served!
lol u b on point I'm a Scorpio.... Don't forget my fuckin morning kiss...lmao!!
Seeing the Avengers again tonight. Going by myself because why the fuck not?
Dance party in the chours room 15 min till show.
Oh, I'm so jealous! Hope y'all have a blast!
I didn't know big Sean was a midget
Man what a great 2mile run
3.56 cumulative gpa for my first year of college? I'll take it! 👍
Samardzija has the best record of all the Cubs pitchers.
Cage has been showing up for me on Pandora, and I really like them!
peace speak to me .wiggles.
Yes! Finished with my first midterm. ! I did awesome thanks to God, I know I did. He gave me wisdom! (:
It's official......me & Leigh Ann are THE biggest wimps in the world.
mic check...mic check....is this thing on? I just wanna get ur attention, please!
Did Smithsonian Castle this am, now at Air & Space Museum
What's the score bro???
Whoever made yogurt covered raisins, I adore you. You made almost throw up. Ahahhaha!
Just watched another great episode of #CarWarriors on .Great job on the Corvettes guys!
I support the arts and other actors then some are nice on the outside but they want turn around and try to stomp all over you Really? Wow...
"I miss you a little, I guess you could say, a little too much, a little too often, and a little more each day."
If your not by my side
Truth --> " 50+ programs in 20+ countries. Studying abroad = #1 college experience"
Every time I consider being friends with you, I see something that makes me remember the reason I'm not.
I follow back :) when I see you my wall starts to crumble. I know I should stay away buy our chemistry is just to hard to ignore..
Wow that's is one of the craziest things I've ever seen if only I was capable of such a thing(;
We deliver to your door!
Follow Mi new #twitter Fools ! ;)
is off to bed knuckle-heads! lol
Mandatory Hispanic Rant (Addressed to everyone): My name is Jose, it's not that difficult to remember. 90% of male Mexicans have that name.
FREE show tonight
I don't get along with Mannequins and other Fake PPL.
Happy birthday !!
Judas comes from the Hebrew name Judah (praise). Let's remind ourselves today of who we are that way we won't lose our way when tempted.
i miss what we use to be
"Have you ever seen a bigger collection of douche bags?" - my mother, talking about
who wanna text :) ?
Thanks for your message! I'll add it to my Magick Hat for this week's Messages from the Spirit World!Blessings, Psychic Bob
dnt btch bout it if u gon stay widd me after i cheat
lol ok. What else u lookin fir
RT : Don't forget tonight is Silver Taps. Nothing personifies the Aggie Spirit more than standing for our fallen comrades.
Going to attempt the 5:30am wake up call to get my booty to the #WAC tomorrow...
Everyone is beautiful even You ↑ and You ↓ You ↙ You ↖ You ← You ↘ Oh & You to ↗ ♥
#ThingsIFear all the conspiracy theories i've read being true! or the world turning into the movie 'The Road' now how scary was that film?
Joe please don't get raped
POWER HOUR SOON!
Fresh Session Droppin Tonight...
The person who does not take action is no better off than the person who cannot take action. - Unknown
they seem very confident that no contamination will occur that they r no longer putting it on labels.
We are always looking to buy rare #Records & CDs items or entire vinyl record, CD or music memorabilia collections. e-mail
i dont want talk to nobody right about na;-(
Even though the BlackBerry I'm using this week is completely temporary, I'm totally moved in.
excited to be seattle bound but i'm already missing DC and i haven't even left yet
thats because his wife is on that basketball wives show..lol
Never be bullied into silence or allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one’s definition of your life; define yourself. ~ Rober Frost
it is 7am in Los Angeles. Maybe you're jet lagged?
Not coolRT she cheers for the team playing against the packers every week
Registration Secrets - Stupid simple registration and begin with the end in mind.
if u mean "kicks", then yes, I agree. But "Broken Jaw" at the end of their album is the effin' jam. Give it a try.
yea to the point where we said 'that's shumai???' haha
I love watching toddlers and tiaras.
get a 100 cds printed and duplicated for just $35
my sister is graduating college tomorrow.. holy f*ck time freakin' flies.. ):
IBM Unveils New Line of Integrated Systems - PCWorld
Successfully completed all graduation requirements for Army's Officer Candidate School.
Being Single is not a sin...pretending you're not...well that's another thing all together.
Hm are there really ANY nice wines from Australia? Any I bought I ended up using for cooking but I'm a French/Italian snob.
Thanks so much! Love the redesign :D
Smashmouth's "Allstar" is playing!!! Old school music never gets old!! Hahs
I'll enjoy it when this one no longer counts
I am Settling Somewhere and I approve this message. :]
too bad more guys don't realize this.
good look
This should be a great panel! RT Up next: Creating compelling brand content. Welcome
What's your favorite track? - The B Side RT : Great new album...
Aha! Thanks for the correction!
Thank you very much! :)
Literally sitting in a classroom with no windows and the power is out. Aka pitch black
Follow along - good night, god bless
haha. yeah, next time I want something that makes me rethink eating dinner that night... I'll go for super 8!
BIG UP EVERYBODY AT THE GURU TRIBUTE REST IN PEACE, RESPECT TONYTOUCH, DJ PREMIER, DJ SCRATCH, GRAND PUBA, GRANDMASTER CAS AND KOOL HERC
We shoot two scenes on filming days, and there's usually a commonality between them. Today's theme is: glass dildos.
Hope everyone is safely drinking at home, while watching the storm. Scary stuff out there in Austin.
Moving day music -
As good as it felt to vote for her, have to say it felt even a bit better for Sumi! RT Vote Kloppenburg today!
#somenonunitarianstoo lol RT : "What kind of god do you not believe in?"
Trying to switch from tofu to tempeh. Any suggestions? recipes? Restaurants?
Cheer conditioning= hardest thing ever
Fun, busy weekend: outdoor market, REAP Gala, Monroe St Walking Tour, What are you looking most forward to?
Lol, what is facebook? I'm starting to forget
Taco Bell must be pulling in all there money today ! Happy Cinco De Mayo ! And also happy chupacabra day :)
Some people just foolish!!! Smh it is what it is tho!
I'll consider it.
Sounds like you have a great day in store. Some of my today's highlights include gym, lunch with mom and #SuperBowl Woot!
i will once im off follow limit <3
Blastn That Trill By A Real OG! Happy G_Day
I don't see how this is a useful statement to make. I'm pretty hard core Christian and I don't think liberals want THAT.
I wish this week would be over already. I am nursing a bad tooth, son got bite by a dog and I am having issues with my Laptop's keyboard.
Teams win!
What's your dream car?
Bored with this drive already!!! #lifeofaroadwarrior #CLV bound.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-43
#ff our personal twitters and
8. Im sensitive at times
Might be a smoking jacket party coming up in the very near future... Get ready!
Awe Mr.Reed, you're so sweet saying i rule and stuff. hahaha
MT : Nice wee chat today w Martin O'Neill re: Neil Lennon & why #Celtic fully deserve SPL title. Martin is thrilled for Neil.
+ wild horses, lions, tigers or bears couldn't keep me away from free food. There's even a bartender! How could you not be there?!?!
love it!
You've just touched a nerve. Then those same guys are in Starbucks in their yellow spandex screaming over my a.m. coffee
#WakeMeUpWhen the world has gone green!
what about lax 😉😉
Stop Mayweather* kid
Sitting In The Car Watching My Neightbor Smoke On His porch Lmao Hes Talking to Hiself ... Wtf
Wanna drive someone in your life crazy? Go out for Chinese, and then rip up your fortune cookie fortune without reading it.
they will be 200?
So disappointed with Sprint!!! I *need* help after 1/2 a decade and they can do nothing for me even with the protection plan. Ugh!!
my damn phone is messing up.. cant even text my babe to wish him a happy day
no he's not
All women have an hour glass figure - it's just that they all tote around different amounts of sand
Did you know that C.B. Brooks invented the street sweeper in 1896? It was a truck equipped with brooms! Tell us other Black History facts!
Now im bout to go skate this shit off
Second & Sebring gets me every time.
ooc; haven't been on in long. Sorry.
ill dm you the email address!
Still on my reading list -___- Oh well. All the more reason to look forward to spring break.
Just a gave a shout out to ! :)
How excited am I, I have my first ever Acupuncture appointment at 5:15 PM I am so excited and scared! Happiness is far eastern medicine!!!
back to ehh :P hahaha well still!! Stay healthy and safe!! :)
whipped cream?
Knew tradeshow display just arrived. I'm giddy. This is not normal.
Haha, yeah I'm about to eat like a pig in this house right now, LOL.
Never been more excited to be in a bed..
Yum RT : Dinner = DCFM peppers, onion, bok choi/chicken/ brown rice stir fry with Asian Jazz-based sauce. Good.
Thanks ! Glad you made it out! Next up is "How Does She Do It?!" Panel Forum on Oct. 26th in San Diego! DM me for invite!
We hav a part 4 u 2 play in a Compton Hood Movie 2 star about FRESH-OUT NIGGAZ putting in work. Hola 4 more
Happy Mother's Day, Moms!!!
Follow that chat on water going on right now at
If you are in Florida We have open Casting for our network Friday Oct 14 6-9 pm and other shows email
Invigorating night talking to potential new talent for !
SexTip: Run an ice cube over your lover's body while it melts before sex! They'll get the chills, and then you can warm them up.
Bad choice to sleep on the futon last night..
good game today. enjoy the time off.
God writes the gospel not in the Bible alone, but on trees and flowers & clouds
Just say no to SOPA.
i can't believe you...
Thanks for #listing #AlexanderInt /design!
“Mention Great Outdoors Week and receive $2 off admission to through May 22!"
AmiCloake5628, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Shippin up to boston.
really?? Mostly guys are here first
USA vs Mexico soccer: Showdown at the Azteca (World Cup Qualifier), August 12th. Watch is live at FOX Sports at 1:00pm.
Today’s chat is joined by resident #SalesSuccess expert, Mr. Mark Fears of Here’s a TweetBio about Mark...
I got to meet isiah mustafa and Craig Allen, aka actor and writer behind old spice guy! It was such an awesome talk #ROFLcon cc:
We had wine tasting on our way to Ensenada, I had no clue that Mexico has very nice wines ! Next time gotta get some extra time for that
#AustinMahoneToBoston PLEASEE TREND THIS!?!:( please come to Boston
um...Theron. You do know I live in Seattle, right? :) Go to Pike Place Chowder while you're at the market, SF has horrible chowder!
Happy St. Patty's Day!!! Be safe.
Lakers getting whooped!
Ok so I caught up with game of thrones. New ep is tonight at 10est right?
What is going to happen to everyone on New Year's Day...they will all be another year older...better to be above ground than below it.
Great vignettes on the cycling books. Looks like I've got some new summer reading materials to procure.
Two new blogs coming soon! First, the top 5 most evil politicians. Then, I look into the case of the gay roosters. Stay tuned suckers!
Mother tells me I don't speak proper English (who does) and then can't pronounce scholarly. Good job.... Doing the most already today. -_-
They're so good!
At the Karl Strauss right near the reception. Join us!
thanks! nice work! xo
Sure thing Lynn; if you "follow" us, I can then direct message you the special $45 link for purchase. Thanks!
We made 2 people happy by giving away $500! Congrats to Nathan and Martha!
I'm not the type of person who puts this kind of shit all on twitter, but seriously? Again? It's getting old + you're getting worse.
cliff lee man!!!
what about us here in US I would LOVE to have a copy!! :-) job well done!
You can't think of dying when a bottles your bestfriend in the world.
if you are having flu symptoms coffee will seriously weaken yr immune system. Tea is the trick. Get well soon!
Thank you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY USHER happy birthday to one of the best entertains ever...love ya Usher...Live it up!!!!
Sports, and baseball especially, can be a cruel mistress. 2009 helped obv, so did tonight, but I still feel pain from 2004.
My dog Baxter of course!
Wait, I thought Rick Perry was a 'friend of Marcus Bachmann.'
Goals help focus you on areas in both your personal and professional life that are important and meaningful, rather than being guided by ...
nah Kobe don't pass I don't pass shit !!!! You have to admit my skills are nice as fuck 😁
Holy HR. I am going to the wrong game today!
Does anyone else have problems with the event report in Google Analytics for CampusGuides?
I want someone to knock beiber tf out
Where's Clark!?
You know after WM 28 being in Miami WWE is not going to be here for a while.
I did appreciate them emailing me so I could opt out, at least. Heh.
Don’t find love. Let love find you. That’s why it’s called falling in love because you don’t force yourself to fall, you just do. ♥
Gleason: 'Jersey Shore' star generates boxing buzz - Times Herald-Record
Happy birthday to my mom!!! can I have a happy bday from you to her? She loves you (and my present for her hasn't arrived...)
Banging Refill remix #MMG MMMMMAYBACH MUSIC THE SUMMER IS OURS!!!
Did you mention no pay?
#RichardBranson Poised Creation in Detroit would like to pay homage!!
Just asked a coworker if the flowers were from her lover. They were from the office because her father died. Apparently I signed the card.
Its hot out here in Scottsdale, we see you ladies
“ #UAintHittinItRight Unless that HOE in a Wheelchair the Next day!! #CrippleHerAssDOWN!!”
Bradley Manning Trial In Depth: Notes from a Courtroom Viewer in Bradley Manning’s Article 32 H... | via
loved you from your first audition and you only keep proving me right! you WILL WIN THIS! Awesome job tonight!
I don't think that Brood War quite likes being run on a modern machine. Some interesting graphical glitches but I killed some #zerg!
<3 you too.
have fun tonight!
That one is moving up in my list of
#WITI #WTMJ #WISN #Fox 6 #CBS 58 Transit Plus being investigated by Milwaukee County Transit 4 the mistreatment of disabled elderly man RT
Just saw the #discovery fly by my office. So cool! History happened right in front if my eyes!
It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up magazine.
You guys I'm n pe and its soo damn boring over here -_- and yes i am coming to twitter for entertainment .
Why did you mention yourself O_o?
Yes it would! // RT : Hubby just asked me if would be at That would be awesome!
Good night sweet dreams everyone..
I still think I am the world's worst Tweeter.
Yes, because that generalized data is ALWAYS used to say that there's nothing wrong with doctoral education in any field.
I'm in multitask hell.
“: Thank you for following :)”no doubt. You are welcome.
Ugh School Tomorrow
Lmao me nd my twin not fuckin wid her right now, gotta love us !
Just a reminder that #Swamppeople is back tonight!
I'm leaving behind all the fake people in my life and yes I know who you are !!!!!!!!!!
Fridays would be later nites tho Cuz we close later one Fridays and Saturdays..
shit just layed up in this damn hospital
Y is it that because I'm the oldest person on the bus it makes me the person that all little kids want 2 talk 2 8(
No! I never look pretty! #stoplying ! And oh gosh. Don't bring my mommy into this.. Ahahah (;
remembers Dr. King today. Did you know #MLK was only 35 when he won the Nobel Peace Prize ?!
And to you. Merry Jesus Day!
Yes, I am learning that God knows best, I just seperated from my church because of something painful that happened there.
"Are you impressed?" This is what I ask my toddlers each and every time a car rolls by blaring crappy hip hop, rims-a-spinnin.
hey doll follow back
Greater reach=more artists served! Help us help artists - Retweet 2 help us hit 1,000 followers by end of day!
I can't thank you guys enough for sharing and mentioning my work. Goodness...that's all I can say. :-D
It's my Birthday today what shall I do?
Capitals cut the lead in half with in seconds!
Conjecture is new NBA deal needs to get done by Wednesday to get regular season started on time.
presenting 2 bills in Asm Ed right now: AB 719 protecting special ed funding and AB 1304 to expand linked learning in schools.
Terri's Tuesday Tweets (Transform 2012) first five to email me can register one person for full price & get one free
how long?
quality comes at a price, there are clubs out there who are willing to shell out to get the big names, can't overlook needs..
Cool TNT's announces upcoming Mystery Movie night, 6 TV adapts of best selling novels. Agree? CSI & others losing appeal, SO formula.
Life anxiety.
Sports in Brief: Vonn garners her 4th crown Lindsey Vonn of the United States won the World Cup giant slalom race in Are, Sweden, Friday
But I miss my bestfriend already :(((
Do youu have a map??? Cause im lost in your eyes
check out my new pr business that I opened... www.royalimagepr.com
Bird Toys SaleCheap Hagen Living World Pacifier for Medium Birds - bird toys for cockatiels
who?Hope your alright..<3
Someone is floating around in a pontoon boat on the lake in my backyard.
We can all relate to this...he's in my class right now Hahaha
. Dawkins has said for years that he is strictly speaking agnostic but effectively atheist. A 6 on his scale of belief
When white and black people think that mexicans actually celebrate cinco de mayo and have like a huge party with tacos and a piñata <
Are they still together with Hailey?
RT : had me doing late night conditioning outside (good job 2nite. Put in the work,earn the Prize! #Dedication)
Hey y'all, sup at #usguys this evenin? "The heat brings u down" !? doesn't sound good ..
