I'm fine with Pagan batting lower in the order, he's been better there. But Blanco should be in center.
Hmm where you do find such friends?
RT At Natl Museum of Natural History: "Mommy, is this a real museum?" Yes, it's a real museum." "Do things come to life?"
- Thanks for the mention - being #38 is GREAT! http;//t.co/8-cclqLM
Looking forward to it! MT : Happy GeniusRocket Site Launch Party Day! Can't wait to celebrate w/ our dear friends.
Classrooms & schools get a bad rap these days. There is great stuff happening in schools. Visit us at #lindblom to see it.
": #UFConFOX is over time for #Spurs #GoSpursGo"
Great Saturday for sports... now it's back to work...
wondering what to do now?
On a party bus on the way to Temecula! Drinking a delicious White Burgundy to quench my thirst in the meantime!
Yay, Long Islanders! We're everywhere. When & where is Friday's show?
Yeah..that sounds awresome, but Howard Fucking Jones is playing for free tonight on Freemont.
so did we!! Great game!
Thinks that would make a great #VMAHost...PS he's available!
It's #WorldWishDay & I'm headed to the National Mall to dance the afternoon away for ! Woo hoo !!
kick & clap
just letting you know one of these days im gonna remember ur locker combo and break in just like the old days!
check out Three Sisters CSA or Tipi Produce or Pinehold Gardens... We did Tipi this year.
He Knows Me Personal My Urologyies www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Just sittin here chillin b4 i go to dance then start recordin.. kust wish i could get noticed..:-) :-) i #believe that i will someday
my pleasure :)
Alas, no outside tble at cafe 4Us on this busy Sat. night... but no worries- a wonderful meal awaits us!
I think we agree on this more than we realize. I said in my Bucknuts column Friday that the coaching was the #SEC's biggest plus
diabetes recipes
Cinecraft wins another award...
how did the workout with Washington go? Are they going to sign you?
I still got grease in my stomach from eating church's so much growing up.RT : I want some boneless wings from Churches Chicken!
For some reason I've been craving pizza al day
photon sieve. Not a lens exactly, but not a pinhole either.
Fashions fade, style is eternal. ~Yves Saint-Laurent
“ Thank god its friday”
fuck whoever threw a burrito on my car.
I didn't see you! Did you sign one of our postcards?
“When it comes to health, we are all in this together.” --
LOL Go To BEd
Bout to get my day started jd gone now it time for makayla to be next
Treat your ears with Agora Forte here: www.reverbnation.com/agoraforte
Happy Easter Everybody <3
If I stop eating the candy now there will be enough for tomorrow
.Is thre an app tht wil tel me how mny of my folowers r dead?..well we are alive and follow you with the smile u put on our face
Recommend Hilton #ALA2009 air c in room broken, engineer fixed and gave coupons to the delicious breakfast as 'sorry'!
oh yeah I see the default..... Imma put you cross my knee!!!
I feel like God has sent me higher in praise and let me see deeper past the fear past the anger to see not just a tip of me but all. Of me
beau fell asleep on me I feel lonely lol
failed to mention something had to be shipped overnight. as a result, somebody - not sure who - drove to Kentucky yesterday..
Cause they haven't a clue of your vast accomplishments. You are an inspiration to many.
I really hate golfers.
Our group is such a train wreck when we're together...love
What a great day at the park It's been couple months since I rollerblade
there are so many fags that ride their bikes and walk around waterford
Fucking fun ass day of boozing so far now more boozing with the boys and a metal show tonight!
#Ignite - of fun facts-did you know? youtube is the number 2 search engine
it's hard to catch multiple balls at once!
Lmfao RT : Like My Status, Lick My Snatch?
Happy birthday
#PghPC Don't forget to register to attend PPC Gallery Exhibit at Gallery on Baum www.tinyurl.com/PPCGalleryExhibit
Please feel free to ask any questions. Please visit us at fitforthepart.com. And again, thank you so much for the support.
we are going to rule this trip!!!;)
good i guess ; how bout you !
how do u remove an account from the app?
Friday the 13th is coming up, how will you celebrate?
And then I read about Mo and suddenly I'm sick to my stomach.
just wanted to wish you luck today
": kevin garnett>": Tito Ortiz RT : Who is the biggest A-Hole in sports??????""
Woman piss me off that thinks its funny to ruin a relationship/marriage like wtf yeah he wrong ik but hun your just a hoe!
#BounceThatAss for this gas card
Now, it would be interesting to compare their results with the 5 largest companies with the most women on their Boards.
A new kind of t-shirt business. Tshirtgang.com brings you custom printing at the lowest prices around! Free shipping for ltd time.
Hello Weekend! :)
Morning guys...have a great day :-)
wish I could. Big drama buddy loveXx
Long day of meeting. Wasn't too happy until now. U r w/ much sweetness. Thks 4 making me smile. Enjoy ur weekend as well. Xo
May have a nip slip at work tonight... Multiple times too! LOL
Fell asleep b4 performance on #SNL last night watchin it now jesus lord! SEXY
: HEATHER!!!! That's not nice. And I'm pretty sure they're not talking about my roller derby spanks.
Yup, that's for sure a turkey.
Just bought #birdy cd :D
thanks to you too
lol nice :p i just saw a squirell run along the top of my fence in the backyard O_O
is showing off more dance moves in the March issue of SD Home/Garden...on newsstands now!
In other news, I'm now a tweety bird... so sayeth your boys ;)
it's true. chris is wise. *hugs*
Let's chill soon!
plan for tomorrow: lay out al day long. and get my belly button done
Oh to have the Browns and Redskins games back... Excited for next year. Go #Seahawks!
Dude gets it.
Number 563 why I like - he holds the door for people :)
I'd like to announce the tittle of my next novel "Dunks, Double Dribbles, & Death - A Memphis Grizzlies Murder Mystery"
Not country so I dnt know much about being a cow girl so ima ride it like a new yorker.... rough
What did we do before we had juice boxes?
THEY HAVE CANCELLED ALL FURTHER AIRINGS. THIS PARTICULAR CHURCH AND OTHER MEGA CHURCHES PAY $5,000 TO $10,000 FOR A NATIONAL SPEAKER TO SPE…
have a memorable trip! Miyoko's mom will be so excited to see the baby!
just got in yo
I have that game
Because they have to appear more masculine in order to become more successful in their careers. :-(
" “ If you lost your virginity 2 a tampon,Im judging u” I lost my virginity to my tampon." hows that possible?
Are you using the rising popularity of QR codes to enhance your marketing and get new customers/clients/fans?
The city will, however, lease the building to the Central Union Mission for $1 a year.
I liked it
I'm glad football is back. Ps my niners are 2-0 so far, let's go 49ers!
AH That's the day I'm leaving to go to Maryland! /:
Bout to go wash
Look with yo eyes man.
We are hosting our January 2012 Lunch & Learn, our topic is "Customer Service". There will be Pizza and limited seating, contact me if inte…
I think mass messaging has value when it has geographical elements.
I don't care if it's February, if I'm driving to the Cape for a meeting, I'm listening to the first album.
Some veterans with amazing stories running for Operation TBI Freedom in the Colfax 5K
Sent you an email. Wanted to hook you up with an I Am Crime tote bag as thx for your support. Send us your addy :)
The print I bought is from that show, right?
So u are saying he is improving? RT : 75% of the time artest shoots, it looks like its his 1st time touching a bball ever.
HAI i'm on a computer in math. h0llaaaa
Describe your perfect date.
What about GM and Chrysler?
lol! Thx! RT : hey man congrats on being verified.... Now you know you really are Paul Cubby Bryant LOL!!!!
Luckily the writers don't have to animate. They wouldn't want me as an animator.
i wana give a makeover to some people. like in the movie Clueless.
Why is Spencer Hawes shooting 3's?
#drupalcon Good luck getting clients to think about mobile first for adaptive design! It's usually a later-phase upsell
that's what I like about you! :)
Casey swore he'd watch this documentary on Ram Das with me and literally fell asleep and started snoring within the first 2 minutes. Gold.
This week is just full of celebrations...Happy #MargaritaDay!!!
Thank you!
Thou no comp reliably delivers to my apt, I must say that wins at SoMe cust service. They at least reply unlike a comp that ends in X.
YOU NEED TO FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!!!!♥
So much to do..
Forgot about science test..
Alright thanks homie
#NewYorkMRT If providers of E.I. must become pt of an ins. netwk. & negotiate a rate likely less than the DOH, isn't this cost containment?
Welp, at least when I get back home from going to the library AGAIN, I'll have chocolate avocado pudding waiting for me.
hahahahaha, he probably thinks im a slob
RT not for nothin but i listen to ASAP and i am IN company flow.
Potential manager? ": Good luck to Mike Rivera. A really good guy. Was always great with the media."
How long do eggs keep in the fridge before they go bad?
Hahaha, street team for the win!
That's life. They need to get used to seeing what we have all created. Sorry for the tough reception. Keep on keeping on.
LOL sorry my obnoxious mother took my phone and I couldn't tweet :/
Yea huh I was on your mind Lol
is it ur mom :)
Lucid Cammo is now available at France 44 in store and online.
Ones notes things are getting better. Academics shouldn't be insecure. Opp left to help summers get to know firm collection.
- I appreciate the Retweet <<<<< #Salute!
One of those nights. Pray for me.
hey it's 10 now and I'm still up! But I am impressed by my 3GS iPhone. 2.5 years, 10+ drops, fieldwork: still works
Still got it. RT Crosby 28 yard field goal good.
“: 'Today I am suspending the campaign,' GOP presidential candidate Newt Gingrich formally announces." #ohyes 👍👏👍
Why is traffic backed up on I35 N in Austin?
Last final of fall quarter!
Dan Savage Clarifies Condemnation of &quot;Pansy Ass&quot; Christians - The Hollywood Gossip
I need some new jams to fill a new playlist. I know you've got what I need.
Attention Whores And Twitter?
can't wait for a Nolan Smith column from you, this kids alright, he's jacked to get to RIP CITY (see his twitter)
Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible
Busy busy day today... I'm getting an early start.
#1 post Cinco De Sandra to-do: clean. It looks like a party exploded in my little studio apartment. There are Negro Modelos under the bed.
Share your #CommunityAction tweets with & tomorrow!
website. You order, we deliver.
still working on it
look for the good instead! RT : "Those who look for the bad in people will surely find it." Abraham Lincoln
Am thinking I'll jump on the bandwagon!
It's Tuesday...watching some races in the US now..
So both and are running for king of web... I am conflicted on who I actually want to win.
will do!
The art competition also wants to notify everyone that we will be following everyone who hasn't been followed back by us very soon,
*Talking to Makayla at the mall* Makayla:hi matt matt:hi Makayla:*walks by samantha* *condom fall$ out of her pocket* matt: :O lol
Some teachers SHOULD NOT teach!!
Stepping out of my comfort zone sometime soon :o
is awesome as Kelly's Co-Host on today! Its great to see them play off each other! Awesome job, Josh!
#SmashFinale only reason im gonna watch this is because of
That is NOT how I'd describe you; I think there's another rationale at play here.
Agreed! Bad idea RT More parking mentioned as a benefit to relocating Beer Fest to Meridian? You should not be driving to Beer Fest.
Loud!! Weed in my joints.....Gun play" im on point
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can dream it, you can become it.
This year's Super Bowl commercials trending toward long-form campaigns of 60 sec. narratives instead of 30 sec comedy gags of prior years.
1 day till we launch!!! we can hardly contain our excitement!
girl I already no my bby daddy is a dead beat cubt I put a restraining order on his ass
Buddy Story opens Buddy is a struggling NYC musician touring the northeast with his pet turtle. Buddy's neighbor Susan seeks an opportuni
tell me y drakes song thu motto says ''YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE" thats motto nigga "Y.O.L.O. i heard tht song a hundred times and i juss got it
hahaha I swear I don't like people these days
damn chick can you call me i lost all my numbers
congrats! you just won pair of headphones for tweeting about the show/skullcandy. DM your address
This dude just called me and cynthia fat. Lol okay I know that.
what happened?
has amazing skin. Mm.
I can get you her fan address, where you can write her fan mail, is that what you are reffering to?
totally he's the worst sportscaster in denver
Dang Sophomore year almost over if high school tought me anything it better than DMS
The coy pond of your dreams.
You have number right? I'll be around on Friday so give me a rang a dang
Shout out to my new followers
Sitting in Garden City, KS getting ready to honor a man for over 20+ years of faithful service to his Church: Stil Guerrero, my friend.
So bored right now
I hope my pops still has his heavy bag in the garage. I need to beat the hell out of something right about now
Mike Brown finna be fired after this season! Watch.
with me and ?
yes some form of ID will be required. Drivers license, school ID, state issued ID. Must be in High School if using school ID
I miss you too!!!
Class Action class members can lead to new class actions for the class attorney because of similar situations.
District saturdays featuring DJ ATS Doors open at 4
I saw on the same clip. Loved how he called it #textanalytics! Hope he used >2 documents :-)
I'm still your girlfriend.
overheard during lunch in the ALOUD office: defenestrate:to throw (a person or thing) out of a window. hm...
Thank you for shining a light text mining, an often-overlooked part of data mining.
There could be a serial killer right behind me & he wold grab ME instead just because I took out a cigg -.-
Truly, it is in darkness that one finds the light, so when we are in sorrow, then this light is nearest of all to us. Meister Eckhart
Sometimes I wonder what the fuck I am doing... Then I realize I don't want to face the answer.
that's because I don't say things that aren't true. ;)
Don't panic don't panic they knocking don't panic it's them people in penny loafers they searching people they searching sofas oh laws!
miss you too!
Excited to be at my first event of Social Media Week: learning more about using social media for news among youth
Lives on the edge and to the fullest, Not giving a fuck and hoping you know it!
Quick visit to grams :)
A little chilly this morning, but decided to wear my 1st spring dress in anticipation of 75 degrees and sunny skies.
Mike-- Thanks for the follow! You should consider the Social and Decision Sciences or Organization Behavior programs at CMU
and they likely should. Photo sharing still pwns the web.
. big bucks for anyone who invents way to sync your Twitter feed on screen with DVR'd program.
thanks, we'll look into that!
UT alum Joe "the left is evil" Perkins,friend of Dan Quayle, his mug just popped up on calwatchdog.com--dissin' Unions..no suprise
Wanted to go to that SO BAD. Good set?
YOU are my favorite! I admire your dedication to your culture and your loved ones. You handled it so well! :)
But, now I realize you won't ever find out...but there is a possibility that you could, only if I get the nerve up to tell you
The essence of our business is that all our contacts are pre-screened and maintain impeccable reputations.
o geez. You'll just have to leg stomp? Hah
today is like the longest day all year. literally.
Ya I think he's nicked up so they may be limiting his reps, but whoever gets the rock, with that o-line, will post big numbers
Lace and feathers or chains and leather?
Ha... well played.
At least he'll enjoy celebrating Whacking Day.
Boot Camp Sat 7:40 am!!!!! It's Cinco De Mayo so dress up!!!!!!
People really need to stop thinking that their issue or problem is the most important thing in the world to me at any given time.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Archos 28 four GB World wide web Tablet (Black)
haha thats an other word for it
Creepy! MT New provision of #HB 56 tweak bill requires that AL DHS put online name/county/etc of undocs who r in court.
eeekkkkkkk that means I so have a cougar crush
So weird to see you speaking basketballese. I approve!
Cops ain't been trained to spot shit. Shut that up lol
Contemplate love every day. Loving reflections make the heart grow.
GOT TO GET MY NIGGAS OUT
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)
Despite my feelings I want some company
Have a Blessed Day!
Oh, you don't play soccer? Then why are you hitting on me?
Tim Day will have nice affair where they serve Merlot and crab cakes to about 50 ppl because that's about how many GOPers are in the ward.
I did
If you're not doing #DIFF tonight, head over to the for a party, costume contest & screening of #GreyGardens!
Both and will be live tweeting tonight's Happiness Think & Drink Hash tag will be
Is it discrimination to bar women from private golf clubs? Heated debate what do U think?
MU today...we'll see you on Wells as per the norm. Did we just say that?
Makoto was AH-SOME!!!
"and then I ate some puddin"
Basketball is life.
As long as I get to yell "Wiz on the Fire", "You only have one cheer", and "Burn it down again" I will be a happy man this weekend.
Coalition Acts to Protect Virginia Rivers and Streams from Mining Pollution
at desk, within arms reach: ThinkPad Edge, iPad2, Asus Transformer (Android tablet), HTC Inspire (Android phone), iPod Touch, Chumby, coffee
this happens to me if my Bluetooth mouse turns on and connects (and the mouse happens to be in my bag)
If you're not watching Big Easy Justice you're missing out on life.
Just sent a complete proposal draft to my advisor. Working title: Everyday Apocalyptic: Radical Politics and Evangelical Society, 1969-2000.
it's bc she's a bully. Lol
Those halftime concerts are dumb
It's a very Winnie-the-Pooh Blustery Day kind of day.
Today should be good and interestingg!
no way he's dead!
White woman walking around in this neighborhood alone but not fearing for her life gotta either be a cluck or the rawest narc on the force.
I'm hosting 'Look Who's Talking Now' tonight at 8 on CW18-WKCF. If you're in Central FL, tune in and holler at your girl:)
That moment when your teacher uses a huge word n thinks you no what it means
RT : Will be hiking Butcher Jones trail again this weekend - big milestone after piriformis surgery... > Glad to hear it!
Guess what? A 30 minute workout is 2% of your day. Remember that next time you feel like making an excuse...
$45 single pilates classes...every day, no contracts. $400 for a 10 session package. Pilates does not have to be expensive!
avilas Christmas break? Yeas
Wait... i dont think "I'm watching you" is an appropriate thing to say on twitter
y'all are cute. love pandora's hat!
Hard to argue with that! RT : #volleyball all day every day.
#nyy #yankees Al Leiter said it was Granderson's 9th home run AT HOME already. Is it just me ...or is anyone else amazed by that ??
You ignore me, but I like you. You don't do anything, but I fell in love with you. I miss you, though I know you don't ever think about me.
i just got the Lumia and was thinking of doing an "android user's take on Windows Phone" but think I'll pass
"Staples Arena." Whoops!
you are in Miami in spirit Kris! You know I love you!
Finally done packing
True encore: crowd overrules the sound guy. Win!
no, but I'm on my way. There's traffic in Queens. Am I supposed to be doing something?
Dear twitter, it's been too long. SRO performs at Chop Suey tonight, backing 12 amazing local artists. $10, 21+.
Cole Adkins must of an IQ of 900! He's our strategic accountant!!!
If you are a #TrueJonasFan you cry when one of them cries! You want to meet them so bad, you dream about it!
Jealous! I need to get cracking -- only have a cuff on my second July sock.
I know. Heartbreaking after all that passion. Final and alternate (MKE) were to be chosen based on proposals.
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 5
Two days without seeing my mom is hell, especially since Mother's Day is coming up. ;(
you will just have to get a yogurt maker for christmas and make your own :)
what if we had a guitar player? We'd be close...
sweet story...good luck in Chicago! You have a new fan in Seattle :-)
good night my friend!! :-)
do u still go to bccs?! I miss you
you will totally be invited to the ceremony! and I are on board to come visit... just trying to make it happen now. :)
The jambalaya's ready! Right on time!
Wednesday. I might not go with you though cuz I'm staying for a while to network and you bitch when I stay long.
Can't wait to see my mom and sister , I missed them...
Hey. Be sure to follow next weeks tweets as I post tips on what to do post-surgery #nutrition #properhealing and much more!
Oh eeeeh oh ah ah ting tang walla walla bing bang
": Been covering NBA 28 years and never saw better crunch time D in a playoff game" that's saying alot cause you cover the spurs
I found it and immediately stopped everything I was doing and started to watch it. lol!
Live cover of "my humps" at the wedding.. I'm home.
great! pick any topic you'd like & feel free to talk about the projects you're working on as well :-)
Mine too!! Weekday-Weekends are just swell, eh?
please please tell me you watch So You Think You Can Dance. Please.
<:) Thank you for caring, Vicki! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 She is a blessing to me... along with my two kitties, of course. :)
Well, then there is Cheezburger Network :)
#RETWEET if your from #NewYork #ladies follow me I followback #
Challenge continues to be if students are digitally literate and can use online tools for assignments.
#followfriday some of our favorites in dentistry...
“: Also, Julius Mays will always be "Julius Mays Hayes" to me. #majorleague”u may run like Mays, but u hit like shit!
Done. Also reminded people about the presentation run-thru in lecture tomorrow. Might want to caucus with NP and BG in advance
in the studio workin
RT : Tonight's Featured Burger; Sloppy Joe w/a Fried Egg + Fries + Bell's Oberon Or our Branch Burger = $13
Blame it on the rain that was fallin fallin
I saw! Congrats!! (Great job singing the National Anthem too!)
it's thicker than regular yoghurt and almost as good as Icelandic yoghurt. Try Skyr.
I miss my little weed smoker, :*
To the spa!!! Yay!
lil wayne RT : Man what happen to American apparel :(
Thanks! Me too. :) RT : I love it that your last name is coffee, by the way :P
I love you bro ( : , We needa chill asap , not playing ! <3
Im over it.
I'm going to try to make it to too, looking forward to seeing you again!
: #andwhatelsehater LMFAO RT : Bitch fuck kobe i hope he tear his ACL and brake his ankle next game . -- suck dick
Dont forget your after ;)
watching "Take me out to the ball game"
Hey brought up the panel on the 24th and I will be there with others... Yea, there is a need to find a bigger place
Life is short... smile while you still have teeth. ;)
We're over 230 likes now! Want to help us make it to 250? Share our page with your friends! Thanks!
vuvuzela app on ipone -holy cow! hilarious!
50 Today!! Grateful to be here! 1961 girls rule!
haha funny! The kid sitting next to me laughed so hard he farted and it warmt even funny part but he definitly made it one!
Just sent you a DM with the details.
Our EPIC video premiere is tomorrow. I'll send you the link. It's pretty amazing. Pls spread!
never that
The internet is horrible while ill. It's either a cold, pneumonia, diabetes, or cancer. It's probably not lupus.
The weather in NYC looks like its going to be pretty sucky this week! Hopefully by the weekend it clears up and I can do my first timelapse
I'm A Bitch
Big sports night. Go #Orioles! Go #Capitals!
Hanukkah begins at sundown tonight. Chanukah Sameach (sah-MAY-ach) to all who celebrate the festival of lights!
Lots of Travis Rice commercials during this Travis Rice competition.
Young ass nigga, life long dreams
Working on search as you type for looking up accounts when you have an extremely long list of accounts instead of scrolling through list.
Thnx for the new followers Let's share our content!
! lol i gotta listen to it..i been really busy that's why i haven't heard it yet
come watch jon and kate plus 8 with me!
Tonight's dinner entertainment is The Leisure Hive. Don't think this is going to be a favorite of mine, but… onwards!
If you don't have enough contempt for humanity, follow beepss on Instagram AND read all the comments that dudes leave on each pic.
Sounds good
putting together new songs. (as usual)
Twitter is so broke omg, i cant stand this.
house show this weekend, babies. :)
RT RT Rep. Jack Williams tells me he hopes 2get bill 2help Jefferson Co. on the floor in the house next week
feeling strangely obsessed with barley wines... still...
Kafka is the only person who really understands me.
at the alderwood mall?
MONDAY MORNING QB TIME! (OK, Thursday morning manager) Pulling Zack in the 8th? Brooks Conrad? Ax in the 9th? #brewers SportsRadio
Happy Birthday!!!
In more ways than one,my brotha!
Stoked that Cy Henley is brewing for
Does TODAY really have to be the first day of the rest of my life? Next Thursday would work so much better for me
I thought I was the black hole
Using the c**t word and douche(fillintheblank) to describe bad behavior is misogynist.
Oh, and I'm playing with church kids, so keep it clean.
Just because a person smiles all the time , doesn't mean their life is perfect . That smile is a symbol of hope And strength
I love you New York but I need to spend some time away from you. Need a
Chris Webber is doing great job.
i think & tweet are a lot alike. Both of them bitch asses should follow me tto!
The "Books in Browsers II" conference has just kicked off at the Internet Archive in San Francisco. Amazing attendees..so glad 2 b here!
Palomar Arlington is one that we haven't stayed at yet. Maybe in June. Going historic in DC for may's date night.
your quote inspired me for one of my projects dealing with death & dying. Thanks for that. I'll check out more of your work.
so rad! Thanks Naomi!
Just taking some time to say I hope you're doing great! :)
what did you think of mission impossible ghost protocol?
how are u tonight
The only microwave in the whole building and you decide to heat up what you just took out for another two minutes? come'on
I think it was If it was, I hate you
being sappy and listening to The Luckiest by Ben Folds.
it was funny! Lol. so watcha doing?
I was sitting in history, and a new song idea came to me! I think I'm gonna finish it tonight(:
My Dad could really use a new tv, still using the old style
How's Favre looking now Green Bay, you just got punked by a high school football team, You're an embarassment to the game.
Have you seen them in concert? (:
Wouldn't be mad if we took Alshon Jeffery instead though.
Check out Google.com today (the 4th).
I think it's in, internet marketing
do you rush into a relationship just because everyone else is in one?
Do I know you
doin ur homework? After that please follow me(:
It just expired. Just my luck! Time to shop!
Good morning Twitter!
we have a proxy in front of F, and serves lrg file delivery, negotiates authn/z with fedora, and streams the file from disk
word son.
If you pay attention to the words of every girls favorite songs, you`ll find out everything she`s afraid to say.
My lack of being an optimist about things will now be known as being a pragmatist about things
happy 4th everyone!
spent the evening replacing flat texture with 3d geometrically modeled first style wall painting in the house of the faun model. holla!
lol she's been gone for two years now!..lol You just has a R****** moment. I agree get the room clean a avoid the taxes.lol
Thanks Nicholas! As we often joke, "that was a moment"- you can't script those things... funny stuff!
Yo...for real....why is it 15 degrees hotter in Spartanburg today??
Now you have 2
Thanks! Glad you like my hat!
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend. If she doesn't get jealous when someone has your attention, it's because someone has hers.
is it possible you are attracting porn spammer's bots because of your language? Kind of moth to flame. That would be poetic.
Best day ever!!! Haha family here :3
JINX again RT : NO HITTER JINX
Good call Roenicke, let Counsell swing the bat! Hopefully this works out...
walking into !
Back to Back blocks by Sanders. One on Howard and one on Udrih.
Just three minutes in a sustained sucession of asanas can change mental focus. There must be biochemical explanations for this.
I dont think she came /:<
Learn to effectively utilize your CRM system and chat with us at booth
hes man handling him
thats crazy man why u need condoms do u even have aboyfriend\girlfriend can u msg me
is the BEST!!!!! Have fun in your sauna tonight. Frost bite will be back Thursday!!!!!
LAS VEGAS
When I saw her perform it wasn't like "Oh God Diva", it was like "DAMN Diva!"
Abraham Lincoln.
seeing plows everywhere, roads are relatively clear- good job!!
stood until we got to Baltimore, sitting now
I'm downstairs at AT&T booth charging up.
No female singer had or has such vocal sound as Whitney Houston. Whitney we will always love you!! Rest in peace!!
We have a new server ready - vpn-ys1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Molkom, Sweden. It's available in your customer area now.
congrats on 60,000 u totally deserve it
I'd argue that is a real runner.
omg remember that one time when we gave ur mcdonalds toy to the cashier at DQ when u handed the money? HAHA
i think playing lipservice to sustainability despite coverage at #EMEC12 #aibtm. Y? takes investment & long-term focus.
I just read a comment that said, "the government should stay out of education and leave it to the state."
Wow... thank you so much. :D
Why do people get on Facebook to watch videos?
Are you playing the metadata drinking game? Count how many times the word is used...
Pre-historic shocks as dinosaurs roam museum - Belfast Newsletter
Love your pic!!!
Yes, and I do. I actually use Stormie O'Martin's book Power of a Praying Wife and alter the prayer to fit a future husband.
Tinsley for Vandy might be getting a letter from the FBI.
why you using my picture?
Anyone who sees " a bad Tweet" about themselves is getting hacked!
Planning Bitter Sober's next music video for TRBT....stay tuned!
surfer blood's "anchorage" is a very good song to play loud, I've noticed.
Jim, we need to find a bar and drink beer so I can hear you say that last line In Person.
It's not just the misogyny - it's the prurience. Limbaugh wants to watch the sex video?? APPALLING is too light a word. How about FIRED?
I saved the text cuz I couldn't believe it...... If he's spelling like that Troy is in
that should be a good one. I hope I can get tickets lol
Ready 4storm tomorrow? Dress warmly; wear boots/hat/gloves; don't overdo snow shoveling; keep car gas tank full. (& make snow angels! )
Only if she knew how hard it was to read stuff and think if it about another guy...
one a&r's trash is anothers treasure!
Ok #GameofThrones. Move some stuff from Storm of Swords into this season. Then show us some Red Priestess sex that the book only alluded to.
great! How's things with you?
Working from home today. Ahh. Comfy!
- I heard that crack in the sky a few minutes ago. It has my attention!
Adult Chorus rehearses Monday nites. Interested voices see fairfaxchoralsociety.org for audition information.
is moving to ! Follow to get all the best coupons, deals, and money saving tips as we get them!
"The Hearts of Lonely People" on repeat all night.
Lmao! un huh
oh hai, guys ;)
Bitch your going to have to pay for my jokes!! Lol
So pumped. Make sure you bring a rain coat just in case
#Apple earnings and #Bernanke comments lift U.S. stocks. #Dow adds 88 points. #Nasdaq gains 2.3%, S&P rises 1.4%
Mom bought me and Kassie our own soda cause she knew we'd steal hers
rain is good
If Memphis dont win my momma prob gone go ham on either me or my brother!
One man come in the name of lube. One man come and go.
RT : Apparently the whole news room discovered 's Twitter account. Tomorrow's paper should be interesting.
actually i believe they said monday
Just got notice for another audition this evening for an episodic series on Lifetime Network.
P2 didn't deserve a standing o but Jessica did if Joshua got one
shit..he dead ass serious too. Run!
saw this lady using wings after 1000M this morning on the subway.
That is a great idea! Fine art is a much better gift than towels.
why don't you do vlogs anymore?
I don't like this
FUCK YOU ALL YOU AWESOME GAMES COMING OUT SO CLOSE TOGETHER! You're stressing me out cause I don't have time to play you all!!!!
Can someone send me a pinterest invite?
I wish I had super powers
Can't wait to have you back!
At home hanging with my cuzo's..... FB add Jewalle Samone Papadoupalos Wright.....find me.
Without a #story, you are merely using words to prove you can string them together in logical sentences.
EC TWINS this Wed @ SupperClub. Call me for tables and guest list @ 310.382.6067
My eyes are failing me and I still have contacts in. That's my cue.
RT : Any weekend plans? We do now!! 10 things to do this weekend- Crain's Chicago Business...
appointed to Babson's social media council :)
No four player split screen, unfortunately. We opted for true Widescreen support and, subsequently, a wider FOV instead!
hm. since i was a kid. But i never did it regularly. until now now
“: Before I die I want to fall asleep under the stars with someone special.”
aren't those honor flights amazing? My grandpa loved his trip. Can only imagine how much it means to the veterans!
ps- are you excited for #Avengers tonight?
hahaha I had to so all my followers could be entertained tonight.
Ain't nobody gon run me in my house , like no lil bitch lmao
Just took my pants off in class.(:
Large layoffs loom on Wall Street - Fortune (blog)
In Atlanta...realizing how vegetarian friendly Seattle is.
Thanks for the follow;)
Dr Howard
I do fear it.
#SJFCon sounds very interesting. I wish I would’ve known about it ahead of time—likely would’ve attended :-(
man, the Swedes sure are some sex-obsessed people, what with all the screwing & pounding.
Always love the Bundesliga, also a great goal by Arsenal in the Premiership.
Thanks so much! <3
Aint no use in stressin' ova bs u knew was gon happen anyway....
dude that sounds so sick!
RT Up to 20% of the cals we consumer daily are needlessly (or mindlessly) eaten. Try these tricks to stay on track...
My pleasure
jaw knee music
Follow me back!!
I didn't. Hahaa we just wanted to know when he got out.
I won't be able to stay up for your b-day, so I wanted to say I love your music, and your such a inspiration to me.:) H ...
Kevin, causing shit in HELL, in the sequel to -
I dont need nobody but my got dame self. [REAL TWAK]
sorry i went shopping and I left my fone home and oh!
you in session or skipping this round? I want to say hey.
All you want is to eat people?! Oh, wait. There was a comma there. Whew!
#herworld how many girls have a vision board?
Nice! Not surprised! Me...I'm a different breed. I'm a multi-SLACKER :) I do many non-productive things, simultaneously!
Awwh thanks! :D I hope you do well too isa
Hello Duncan. Sorry about that. Have a lovely day.
Great doc for sure. Frontline is great.
he's mine >:O
Augustus assumed trad powers of Roman father to the state through marriage & inheritance. Family matters become state matters
Donny Darko you ROCKED tonight in that Tango! Nice biceps ;) Absolute amazing teamwork! Very exciting night @ DWTS!!!
Found a ladybug in my lunch salad, and have decided it is good luck for today's business meetings.
Kat still got that fatty. Boo.
RT RT Touchdown Jesus insured For $500k-2x cost to build. God had no comment on his role in potential ins. fraud.
HAPPY 26th BIRTHDAY :)
#100factsaboutme is still trending. I just finished one book. Any good recommendations? I like #personalgrowth #Spirtuality and
my head hurts omg
damn I can't make it now
yay I can't wait to see you
lol should I sleep with one eye open?
i dont mind not havin sex before he go to bed cause i know after the short nap he gone enjoy it more
Woot! Just had a GREAT weekend with and now it's time to get to work. No show tonight; Get Him To The Greek press showing!!
wow thanks sis. I was just thinking about texting you to see if you were still up.
I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer
I secretly kinda hate all yuuuur ex girlfriends. >:)
Everyone in Paris speaks English, and the doctor offices have obvious signs. You'd be ok.
Tonight was in its own category...
So excited for Alim Qasimov & Kronos Quartet tomorrow night!
yea girl get ur iron up
#ThingsGronkDreamsOf climbing the Agro Crag, football-sized Gushers, fishing w/ grenades, banging Carmen Sandiego on the moon.
The old perverted side of me got a real kick out of the way those two sentences ran together, hehehe.
Just saw taylor swift.
Who owns a franchise and wants to chat with me tomorrow about training opportunities within franchise operations? Need sources ASAP.
So so so happy!! Final 3 baby!!!
cool im from vegas
Waiting for the LOST finale... my nerves are shot.
I know, you love it when I mention Talance. Talance, Talance, Talance. (If you're wondering out there, it's pronounced Tah-lahnce.)
Happy Thanksgiving from the #TEDxAFC crew! Have a safe and blessed holiday!
Another Monday for us to greet you with. Thanks for helping us spread the word. Enjoy your week.
lol respect bro
Don't let anyone tell you, you can't do anything.
That's short. RT : Oregon's scoring drives are shorter than their cheerleaders' skirts.
Def going to the nurse next period to sleep just ain't puttin my head on them pillows probs full of lice or some shit
Quite delicious indeed (: How's school going cutie?
I might be available to be signed as a GSW fan if that's the case. Bucks GM cited Monta's 20ppg average as proof he's a scorer...
Watched Galaxly Quest and took a nap (no, not at the same time).
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend
So I walk in here and half the band already knows my dad!
we saw that guy while working at Jo's this afternoon! Hey had it all: donkey, cowboy hat, mustache, iPod!
oh i know the feeling "sad face" lol
"Funking for Jamaica"
i liked how you added that .99 lol
Might gambling away a large sum at Potawatomi Bingo and Casino make up for the past transgressions of my European forebears?
I am like what is left of rabbit after it loses its lucky foot.
if I could spell, I could swear more effectively!
Introverts poignantly speaking out on leadership in libraries!
Love beating some prestigers ass
#ApTip: Use "fliers" not "flyers." As in, "I've racked up so many frequent flier miles, I'm flying to Hawaii and never coming back."
Me and brought the PYT's to the Party! They didn't like that. "Oh Lawd I think I dune fell and sliped my Got dang disk"
I'm pretty doped up on Vicodin right now. I feel great though.
EEk. Blake Dempsey tweeted me. Awh yeah.
Just 10 more days of this thing called "school"
i'll give you 2 guesses which it is….
I'm doing god :)
Eating downtown before a show at the PAC or concert at BOK? Try the Daily Grill inside the Hyatt Regency Tulsa.
If ya know what da Bristol Stomp is, then ya need to be at Sissonville Middle School - Lions Club n VFD car show...come on over ...
walking home at 5am? Someone has become irresponsible with their 7 hours. I think you need an intervention
Yes, we're definitely keeping that in mind!
We are out of ZICO samples, but don't worry we will be back up in North Hollywood again!
Today sucked mostly. I hate the word hate. And other things. So done. So ready. So help me. Please.
I fucks with the rain..
Guess my greatest fear is that Sandusky's case will eventually mirror the Boys Town/Conspiracy of Silence case, on slightly smaller level.
We Just Gon Be At This All Night
Literally would give anything to go back to how things used to be 😔
off to school, see ya`ll later alagtors lol
Accomplished one of my 2012 resolutions & started German classes today. Now packing for #alamw12. Excited about the Dallas temps in the 70s!
tyler dill has a palm tree!
Hoping to watch LAST TYCOON for the first time in about 15 years.
Just bought my tix for Milwaukee! Crossing an item off my bucket list with this show! PARTY.
The Coolest thing is talking to people you would never meet in person... lol Kinda funny how a few words can make you or break you.
In other words SPN gained about 400,000 votes in less than a week? Manually? Yeah...right.
my landlord just scared the crap out of me... but i have hot water! ... or i guess i will soon.
A huge thanks to all of the incredible fans, sponsors, volunteers, artists, & vendors who made Pensacola Beach possible!
Thanks for the add:) Happy Thursday!
- Thanks I need it that .... Gracias !!!
Ignore that jer Nick. Packer Nation still loves you and we miss you and are very proud of you.
needz to get me one of those...
RT : Hungry downtown? is awesome (and cozy!). The Porter was great. Their Market Burger was unstoppable.
I need proof. I don't believe it.
nice to meet you!
Hey Mike! You have to check out the tea aisle. They have some amazing new teas!
if i could i would love to hold your hand for a minute than never holding it in my entire life
Have I mentioned the #100ozchallenge recently? Still going strong! You'd be amazed how good hydration feels :)
Check out our smile gallery! #smile www.kravitzdental.com/smile_gallery/
It's been hot here. It was 79 degrees here today.
": You did something really dumb and made a fool out of yourself? I bet saying YOLO will make it all better."
i am so scared im in new york and #hurricaneirene hasnt came yet and its veryy windyy
my degree in the arts led me back to biz school lol
1/2 Marathon training “: Monday morning=New beginning. What are U going to work at this week in the gym #MotivationMonday”
if your life does not consist of playing Golf on Grounds today,
Latinos, stand up! Come on down to the #RevolucionSXSWi at Maria Maria - We'll be here all night!
now you gorgeous
#FantasyFootball fans... Week two of www.hottubsleeperpicks.com is online! Watch this week's vid to see who the girls call out as sleepers!
Alright. Well, sounds like we need to have a chat with the new president to make it happen!
Thanks for the compliment. Have you created a profile on the site?
Thanks Steven! One small thing, the deadline is 2/6, not 2/16!
I gotta admit I prefer 7-11 to a bodega any day
If i ever got to meet and the rest of RNG, i think i would die
Can we get a new blog post or what? :)
-- You hate the cuse
Guns N Roses?
we back tomorrow same time same plaaaazzzze ;-)
right. A picture is worth a thousand words and a million dollars
That's pathetic. We didn't even have a chance. Worst feeling. Just can't even believe i wasted my time to see refs choose the outcome. Wow.
And don't for get to buy a ticket to our show with Craig Owens early...it very well could sell out!
RT "Any idiot can face a crisis. It's the day-to-day living that wears you out." - Anton Chekov
SOMEONE HAS DREW ON ONE OF MY BIEBER POSTERS, IM FUCKING CRYING IM SO ANGRY AND UPSET.
Enjoyed the men's retreat today. Examined some of my remaining biases re: sex and the church and found some room for growth.
Today's tip: Change your fitness routine every 4-6 weeks to prevent a workout plateau.
Brookfield Central senior Nick Olson will play college hoops at Division I national champion Whitewater.
I finally found trutv and I'm rewarded with Baylors nuclear neon disaster outfits
whoever you end up with is very lucky!!
Each day is part of the journey. Each month another landmark. The key is to make sure you have your goals set and advance toward them.
Don Cornelius' death got buried due to Whitney, but He's so important as to be incredible . Love Dead Mou5...Glad he's at the tables 2night
When Girls Call Each Other 'Baby Girl' <<< Idk Why It Just Annoys The Shit Out Of Me lol
I hope you feel better this weekend than you did last weekend.
They looked fine when I was taking them. Have to finish the comedy class ones before I can get to those. No problem, man!
Can't wait to see all the beautiful people gather by the presence of the 14th Dalai Lama today!
#HoodRatNamesOnFacebook is the stupidest trend in the history of Twitter
On the Metra stuck in Highland Park. Previous train broke down and this train combined with the broken one to form a single, enlarged train.
PickUpLine: Can I have directions to your heart?
Moses Malone on the spurs
Last night in Boston.. laying low, for the most part. Wishing I had someone to walk to the Charles with, it's so nice out tonight
Given recent events, wondering if #omla is serving any of our interests. We speak out, we pay the price.
whered you get one?
I love a good midday oxymoron RT: I speak as a rational Met fan. Its a good start.
lol 'you should see the other guy'
Doing the last bit of orientations for the new school year at the library. Gonna go home and not talk the rest of the night.
Hahaha. I try to use my powers only for good. ;-)
So far number three has been fairly mellow. I suspect number four is going to be the real deal! :)
your really hot
that sounds like fun.
Ha - you're over thinking it. Take the compliment part and run with it. :)
I just virtually stocked the pantries of 7 hungry North Texans! Retweet
Could this be City's 89?.
This happened in a very high class.neighborhood in lakewood ranch florida.
Had a great time this morning talking health and well-being with Thanks for having us!
Thanks! Boise is especially liveable on spring days when the sun is out.
That awkward moment when شخص مجهول adds you on Facebook.
On a scale of voldemort to pinochio, how big is your nose?
How's everyone doing today? Good, I hope. :D
you are and always will be my favorite actor.... And the reason I'm afraid of planes.
Big weekend in sports! Mayweather / Cotto, Talladega, Kentucky Derby, & NBA/NHL playoffs!
mom's online, making observations: "suziplumb: I see you ha ha hi hi to you too! Good lord! Do i have to log off to go to the dry cleaners?"
Rock on.
Hey Denise, it's Ashley_momo :) We forgot to ask you, can you become part of the #CuddlePuddleCrew?
making heavy moves my man.
off to #Madrid for a weekend with the boys! go #Syracuse!
thanks for following
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to meeting you in my NYC adventures. I have very much enjoyed your words of wisdom. Jo
hey u no who this is right
On the way to challenge cup:)
So Gov Romney wins The GOP Belt by count out. I personally think both Romney and Obama are weak. We R SCREWED either way. I'm I Ron Paul?
Join us at Lincoln's this evening from 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. for our St. Patrick's Day Manager's Reception! Enjoy a mashed potato bar & beer.
Trying to get a million things done today. So much to do. Not enough time in the day.
I once had 15 total bases once in a Little League game once, so I know how hard that feat is to accomplish.
My hubby needs a new car! I hate not having $$$! Damn government! Argh!!
Shout Out To All My Followers. Thanks. Duane2 U.
Got 3 #s so close
#10thingsaboutmyself 8. I'm a loud person. lol I always get in trouble at school for talking.
MINE IS TOO UGH!! :-( RT Is my Twitter the only one acting up?
Doing homework in the library I dont want to!!!!!!! Freaking school man I hate it.
nothing im just saying thats loose lol
#nosoupforyou RT : Wade has had about 3 plays where he thought he was fouled and joey Crawford said no soup for u
Allen Americans
If I didn't do well on my math test, I have to go to SUMMER SCHOOL!!! NO
Privileged to witness such a special event. literally glowed as she walked down the aisle.
You're welcome! Hope we get the pleasure of serving you sometime soon!
What are your New Year's resolutions? We think one of them should be to come see us more often !
What is up homie
wheat thins with cheese is the best snack ever
Use a #dryingrack or #linedry your clothes to save #energy wasted by a dryer.
they are very pretty cats but a little highly strung. Ours thinks she's a little princess and is currently sleeping under the duvet
I think I just had the best salad ever in cottonwood
Mexican private Universities marching against the Oligarchy :D #YoSoy132 First time since 1968.
Hey Divas & Gents... shout put out to all my new followers
Come out to the 5spot!!! we go on in a few!!
shoutout to jeremy for not using a condom
#howrace How blazes brighter than the lights of Times Square
I lost my Chapstick again, I never get to finish them.
You're so sweet. I steal from you an average of...every blog post:)
lol. And smh most of y'all women do... but it only wrks on da dumbies...
Padilla! Love that guy. (When he pays his child support.)
Happy news everyone! Our team has safely landed in Nicaragua! Keep an eye out for updates from them on Facebook and Twitter!
in motion Getting my dots connected
RT : :very foggy in Plymouth. I was hoping to see supermoon before bed!-------nope, sorry...fog wins 2nite. better chance 2mrw
Amazing!I'm sure we'll need more-should we get the next one?“: Just ordered a bike rack....should be here by end of the month”
Bouta play saints row 2 ... Now you see how bored I am !!!🔫🔫🔫
You too!! xox
Naww son! I'm like uncle Jesse on sum otha shit! Youz B Danny Tanner bitch! RT is that some Mary-Kate and Ashley shit?
I did see 's rainbow tweet, but I have to imagine she was a bit more reserved than Crazy Bus Rainbow Lady.
I use Android TweetDeck with text size 27!
you disappeared but the history is still here
Hey guys, it's kind of awesome outside right now.
Damn that was close!! Excellent fight!!!
Congrats on the new job and new baby.
Ask the mahomies ; Are you excited for suummmeerrr ?(;
makin a move or 2 bro, chleo comin thru the studio at some point today?
Looking forward to the Google for Small Business workshop today, sponsored by the Kansas City Kansas Chamber of Commerce.
“: Any dope Photographers in Chicago want to come snap a few shots at the studio in the next week or so?”
Its time for House and Wilson's dying. WHY, God? WHY??
It's all kids all morning at the FFL! Join us for First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Terrific 2's and 3's at 1030!
I can't wait t
i am...i made a surprise trip home for the events tonight...
RT : We love Riesling because no other wine goes from bone dry to decadently sweet!
Bad night = don't fucking talk to me tomorrow at school unless you like being kicked in your fat fuckin ass
- Thanks for following us and Aloha!
Mistle toe belt buckle >
A popular standard, "Bye, Bye, Blackbird" sung by the sensual Julie London! bit.ly/xlnmEk fb.me/1xRXKxsTi
panethnicity as what makes racial organizing possible for asian americans rather than ethnic american model.... daryl maeda
its been great soo far! you?
Mary I've studied FatherGod's Word with you for 30+yrs & All should get to know your pure heart of love for FatherGod+Christ
are you still there? :)
ALWAYS GOT ME WAITING!!!!
#ATT phone still broken 8 days. AT&T store unable to fix. Warrantee phone line unable to fix. Next is exchange depot. AT&T makes it hard.
#disappointingfilms new moon
Got some time? Come play games in #NetworkingUncommons! We've hacked our faves- Library Clue, ALA Apples to Apples, & more! 10am
True that. Beautiful. He just needs to at least look like he wants to be there haha
Fav strait club
For many teams, having a vision is not a problem. Having the same vision is. Don't assume the right direction is obvious.
For 40 years you've been told you have to vote Dem or Repub. And where has that gotten us? Time to vote #Liberterian Party for real change!
HUGE congrats on your James Beard Award!
Even better the second time!
Morning!! :)) You should have some Melon for breakfast.
RT : VCC has no building inspectors in 2012 budget. CW Hedge-Morrell: What i hear is the #FQ is not being guarded.
I'm too delicate to be called names everyday it makes me cry
What's been going on since Feb 5, I hope you are doing well, as that is a long spell between TWEETS :) ????
You should uh send me the full review too heh.
In #Relationships I dont do breaks I believe thats just a step from breaking up imean why be in a relationship if your gonna want a break???
Free speech, no SOPA.
It all made perfect sense, and at the same time, nothing seemed to make sense at all. ~Nicholas Sparks
#Birdhand's guitarist is using a violin bow on his guitar for some pretty cool effects.
Intros before we get going from Summit Arena.
i wasn't saying it would be a bad thing. i think it would be better if it was changing. but it doesn't sound like it is.
*blame it on da #goose* lol I do. *shrugs*
u have a chance 2 check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
Let's hope Jia Zhangke won't be remaking Lord of the Ring in 20 years time.
Yes, sorry about that, it should be fixed now!
& my left was hard to get in there & I realized it blew today. :(
Guess I should tweet about my last session since it's being given by someone at Twitter. :)
Hardcore pawn
On My Way to California .. Snow is covering Everyth WTF !!!
they're both very similar with their general suckitude.
Some of these seedless grapes are less seedless than others.
Have you been to see the Yayoi Kusama exhibition at yet? Our design team recommends it!
Hate the Poor? Hate the Disabled? Hate the Muslims? Hate the Homeless? Hate the Homosexuals? Why not join the Conservative Party?
Oh snap I wanna watch that movie.
Omg. Shaun Cassidy on Oprah.. woohoo
Scandal just murked my nerves...Good thing I am not a smoker
No worries. There are more important things in life....like life.
"Lau Eyed Girl"
Our friends in Oregon wine country are doing an awesome #giveaway! Head to their twitter page to find out how to win!
Wow, Lindsay Lohan is a bad host. Guess I'm not surprised.
why yes, yes it is! Or I should say...was. Yum! :)
yeah so where's Waldo?
ATTENTION CHICAGO!! WE HAVE BULLS TICKETS FOR TONIGHT AGAINST THE MIAMI HEAT!! TWEET US IF INTERESTED! GO BULLS!
Take me by the tongue and I'll know you. Kiss me til you'll drunk and I'll show you.
Big girls are the freakiest
Time to hit these weights
Midnight and I got the munchies #Pinkberry - XavierLT. com
home sweet home
#NCLC12 kicking off today. We're getting ready to visit DC-area schools' #Chinese #language programs.
lol, hey Merry Christmas eve! hope your day is great!
Not overly engaged with the world of art magazines, but I will miss outgoing Art in America editor Marcia E. Vetrocq's insightful essays.
S/o's to my Middle East, NC homie and
Fancy at the Ivy with my fancy and lovely friend!!! Now I am cleaning but a bit tipsy but worth it for fun and fancy times.
omg... i am going to stop talking now. haha
all about dem fuzzy socks today
Since I got problly like ten or eleven years worth of lyrics uh left stolen whatever it was idk what I'm doing :p
Thank U 4 MT U Rock RT : Albuquerque ~ jeweler, artist, Native American Art appraiser #FollowFriday (via )
- We couldn't do it without the support of our fantastic and supportive partner !
Okay now I gotta do my nails aghh
tryin....AL is interesting.
I may be reading too much into it, but it seems as though UL is doing a lot of talking this week. Hence the inferiority complex,
will continue the defamation war against Braun. should be embarrassed by how they've covered this
When was the last time you went on a family vacation with your family?
My local camera and photo store Dury's closes at 2pm on Saturday. WTF?
It's about people are dead, god, devil, bad people, bad things, man fighting with girl and more! D:
ok the data use should end soon. he is changing the settings.
We can't really bash Cincy anymore.
Stress free . Happy ish/ can't wait for summer . Hope this week turns out for the best .
Hey so "A Little Bit More" is going to be on MTV's #REALWORLD tonight, vocals and all. So be sure to check that out at 10pm EST. RT Thanks!
“: I'll say this again, if McGee isn't dunking, he isn't scoring.” He's very raw.
Apply for a Tech Position That Doesn't Exist
“: Why do the people that should never reproduce have the most kids?!?!” RT they're too stupid to realize it...
wintergreen on deck. Got a long night ahead. Besta luck to you
(Via ) You're gonna get hop-ons... - Don't think so. Been using a special shampoo as a preventative measure.
Joe's YouTube honros for today: #15 Most Subscribed (This Month) #75 Most Viewed (This Month) - Musicians #98 Most Viewed (This Week)
so I want an live hardcore to be hardcore tattooed on my wrist & simple but effective tattooed on my hip. ok? ok.
#Photography history tidbit: Canon started out as Kwanon, named after Buddhist multi-armed goddess of mercy, Kwannon
rich republican supporter - "I'll pay more taxes then funding these GOP loser campaigns"
I asked my mom to make me a peanut butter, jelly and mayonnaise sandwich when I was 4. Not recommended. Does that count?
o i was gonna say your too pretty to be fightin but i dont have to worry about that problem
. ur obsession with only proves that those who watch have no life. Why don't u get a hobby besides #troll?
It's too early to start the day with a good news #ButWhoAmIToComplain :)
BWI was fine with my pocket knife, MKE not so much.
Getting ready for our Grand Opening of the Tiffany exhibit on May 8th! Join us for this fantastic exhibit of art & history!\
Hey we pop champagne cause we got that dough!
Is it a bad thing that I've been sitting in bed eating Nutella and Marshmallow Cream out of the jar for the last 30 minutes?
What an honor!
where's the love??
I'm beyond pissed now.
hi! I like ur profile pic!
Great thought for the day: "If you think you're too small to make a difference, try being in bed with a mosquito." -The Dalai Lama :-)
That's great! Where are you from originally?
just woke up from a nap lol and trying to force myself to go to the store !
where'd you apply to? :)
Telecommuting librarians, what's been your biggest challenge in your home-based work experience?
Sometimes when I drunk, I take a shower and come out with only a towel on my head
Happy Monday Blenders! Who's ready to mix up their wardrobe this week?!
everyone learns from their mistakes...
yup. Saturday it is.
pretty cool.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Be safe and have fun with the ones you love!
Can't wait for tomorrow<3 #universalStudios!
Good morning! Hope you all have a good start to the week!
Calling the right leads at the right time with the right message increases conversion rates
what's up
My Philadelphia 76ers balled tonight and kicked the doodoo out of the Boston Celtics tonight!
Is it dinner time yet? Looking forward to to enjoy some of creations. M
U Unfollowed me
Once again, the A's get two on but Wegman retires Canseco and Lansford. Crew remains in a 2-1 hole after five.
my sweatpants are perf!!!
All things are difficult before they are easy -Thomas Fuller
COMIC SANS!!!!
We'd love to help! Just shoot us a quick e-mail w/ some more deets & we will look into it!
I love my fans' reaction whenever I follow, retweet them...
exactly! I went natural bc of some things that wr going on in my life, not bc a blogger told me to do it!
he's better than mccoy I think
Gail Kern Paster, The Body Embarrassed.
What is your purpose in life? Its your responsibility and duty to explore until you determine what is the core purpose of your existence.
Almost gave up at mile 8, but powered through. I need a nap!
I'm so bored!!! Txt me!!! Ask for the number :)
Travail Newark - we are having a Rocking Recruitment Thursday!!! A big shout out to clients and candidates.
How many times is it appropriate to say "What?" before you just nod and smile because you still didn't hear or understand a word they said?
Mission find Michelle's debit card!!! Ready, set, ......GO!
I've learn quite a bit about jQuery and PHP. I already knew a lot of the HTML/CSS stuff on there. But I'd recommend it.
Thanks for the referral. would love to talk to you about mobile ux. What are you looking to do. DM me.
I'll be spinning tonight live inside Rumi lounge really Djing with no bs that's how I do! Hope to see you there!
Bieber back off, Selena is mine
Surrender tonight has a few special things going on make sure to find out what they are! Only
blame it on the technology?
happy bday Jordy! Your my role model and I love watching you play.RT would make my day! Hb a RT for #hoosiernation??
lol "You will follow". Nice ;)
My house smells like shit... literally
I'm sure the wrist injury didn't help his eFG this year.
lol where was he at?
omg I thought about you after I tweeted this!!!
It might be scary to just jump in but taking the initiative clears up what if... I like the feeling of taking charge!!
freezing outside :'(
In the heart of Texas is Midland, Texas! We love our network there!
how can a hashtag half as long as a tweet be trending?
I am worried I'm eating some semi-rotten oranges...but hungry enough to not really care
I ♥ minimalism.
okay. But I seriously will, I'll sleep on.your couch and everything.
Brett Favre too? RT : Let the tears begin...tim tebow and urban meyer are gonna cry. I can see it coming.
Success - If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no use being a damn fool about it.
Sidewalks are relatives of parks not streets. They are for talking, playing, doing business, kissing and transportation.
that sucks
Ya think??!! RT #Capricorns are anxiety prone & are easily annoyed.
So tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
yes yes yes. Always apply
Well people #tiredmode I'll finish shout outs tomorrow. Nighty night
Had missed two classes & all I can say is that it was GOOD to be back! Best $99/month you can spend people.
My dance friends are the most amazing people I have ever met. I can't even explain how much I love them all.
just wait...I have faith the second half will be his...wade hasn't really taken great shots either
The Hunger Games :)
Thanks so much for coming out yesterday to the #sustainablefeast! You guys were great! I'll be into visit soon.
My self criticism always seems to get in the way. Maybe I should stop, wait that's another criticism.
This guy must really be good. I keep hearing about him. Kids keep styling their freaking hair like him.
people who hate #stopsayingthat she is awesome. you are just jealous beacause ariana look good in red hair and no you ;-P
Come visit us at bakery sq! From 1pm till 4pm at the best bakery party in pgh
haha I didn't know there was one.....wait is it the Hope taalent show?
Great writeup. Nice peek into Mechner's story. Karateka & Prince of Persia loom large in my childhood gaming memories.
It's been a long time since I used the web UI of Twitter, and there seems to be a bug - randomly blank rows w/ only an arrow indicator.
It's National Beer Day...this is NOT Communist China, so take advantage of your American freedom and drink some cold ones.
Another childhood icon gone. Man I am getting old.
im bout to follow yu on instagram
Up the Yangtze wins genie award in Canada. Congrats!!
If I die my last words are..
no problem bro.
I'm going crazy for Justin Beiber!!!!! I hope he will follow me!!!!!! <3
Mind: Blown. Thanks Criminal Minds
what's for lunch?
Index finger strangely sore and tired after a weekend Angry Birds bender with daughter Katie...
": Focus on what's lies ahead and not what you've left behind."
Finally looks and feels like #Winter in #Ohio. Are you excited or sad about this?
lebron's turnover?
Just getting to checking out that Economist article, but def. liked it, thx for forwarding!
Can I tell you how much I love Panama City Beach! I miss it here...beautiful oceanfront house
I love how you promise me we'll go to Cashion and then you go without me.... I've wanted to go since I was 9... I wanna cry now.. Thanks...
Supercomputers will achieve one human brain capacity by 2010, and personal computers will do so by about 2020.
Mimeo.com and FSI (Sir Speedy, PIP and Signal Graphics), announce a new production print solution. What's your web to print strategy?
Good morning to a few lovely people on Twitter:
then i preordered the movie and shit and at tht time it was 6 30 so i went outside w/ john and played Frisbee for an hour
Breakfast with diana spv.
Nice. I have a soft spot in my musical loins for early, early Frames.
Cave aged gruyere all day!! RT : A shocking concept, right?! RT Who DOESN'T like #cheese ...?
No Comedy Central where I am - and I think tonight will be good, too!
Nasty is an understatement! RT : Females who Tweet about they Period |
What breaks ur heart men.
Duke's Country Saloon in Kenosha tonight y'all! 9pm Start!
A mortgage firm that has originated more than $10 billion in mortgages agreed to be acquired by LendingTree.
No clue but I think he should have to repay the $$ to those who donated but he shouldn't go to jail
This is a busy month for me! Looking forward to making many changes!
Well the Brewers should start playing baseball now.
When fingering was Mega popular smh
True Blood! :)
'80s After-party tonight for #igniteraleigh at ?!? You know you wanna see my '80s prom dress!!!
If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane
Skylar. We we're wrong. 1D is coming to TX in June. :O
hey boo look at my new tweeter prof pic :) hope your spring break is going well!
The playing time for "Stairway To Heaven" is longer than it took Led Zeppelin to write it, the album needed 1 more song = it's FILLER?!
How do hicks get hot girls?
I just said that!!!! Lol “: Got damn everybody gettin injured”
Yay, again! RT : YAY!!! moves onto the next round at #tnw2012 startup rally!
Went through the new scanners at Detroit airport. Dreams fulfilled.
And some other dude just walked up to me and said hello. WhAT is GoINg oN
Well done
After the way this week has been the weekend can't come soon enough
RT Prayer shows God that you know some things are out of your hands
I am a runner. I run at least 7 miles a day.If you're looking for a spokesperson, I'm available! Haha!These have helped me so much!
Wow, great tip! RT : Try pumpkin seed powder for a better night’s sleep. It’s rich in tryptophan
OFFICIAL: WORLD IS SICK & OVERFLOWING W/WASTE; FORCED TAXATION IS PURE CORRUPTION; COPS R BASICALLY IMMATURE COWBOYS W/GUNS; FREEDUMB THUDS
youre sexy and i love you! <3
thanks for the RT!
fresh homemade corn tortillas. makes me proud to have been switched with a fat mexican boy at the hospital when i was born.
yeah I follow back once you follow. Guarantee
Me to 8yo: "Sigh. You can't go out with that sword in your pants. And take off the goggles.
We have decided upon the AIA Baltimore 2012 Spring Lecture Series theme - CRAFT! Rhymes with draft. Coincidence?
what kind of smoker is that?
I dont want all the answers just some of them would be nice.
I had no idea Christina Hendricks was in this movie!
Good grief, , you're such a T's. cc
like let's actually do it! Hahaha.
lmao i won't pick me up from school doe
but i have to do something special because i heard he never does follow back if you just tell him to
such a great area! My sister was there when she was in the military. Hope it has been a good day!
I love love my Steelers!!! They are kickin butt & takin names .. Woo
My posts are infrequent, lighthearted and I've always tried not to get too personal but yesterday we found out we're having a little girl!!
i was gonna go to sleep but then i saw 's tweet...Guess im staying up...
Digital content and humor go hand in hand, excited to see what comes out of the #newfront today with
I can't get through!
She will be missed MT : Dallas Museum of Art curator Carol Robbins retires after 43 years at the museum
Charles Barkley a damn faggot for putting that dress on for that commercial.
There's still time to sign up your 3-6 year-olds for Story Time Teens. Join us this Fri., Jan. 27 at 6:30pm to celebrate birthdays!
Is Kat not the most beautiful woman! Everytime I watch #LAInk I think WOW she is so pretty:)
hi! how are you?
Half: Dallas 25-Austin College 39. Need to make better decisions w/ ball (9 TOs & poor shot selection) and get stops (9 stops in 33 poss.).
We find our purpose when we deeply looking into the eyes of who we truly are and fall in love... FMHY <3
KEVIN FROM BLUES CLUES IS ON THE ARGOS ADVERT.
We Wish You a Very Happy Easter!
Hush Hush ;)
Love Lou's! My office is a block away!
a bit more: it's a personal network for making decisions about where to spend time, money, energy, mindshare, effort...
Nxt Thurs cant come soon enough!
wont let me quit my other job lbs
Sounds like a perfect way to end the day!! :) on the rocks or frozen?
"greater than"
RT : #Valve deserves props for getting a Game Of The Year nomination.. But where is #L.A.Noire and #DeusEx on that list?
thanks! Can't wait to try it!
Small children sitting in First Class make me go hm?
At aquarium with the coolest kid ever...pretty much a big deal!
"Im backed by popular demand"
LOL AUSTIN TWEETED LIKE 6 SECONDS AFTER I TWEETED THAT OH THE IRONY!
Schools and offices will be closed Friday for Battle of Flowers. Happy Fiesta!
Thank you...
Oh I remember how much I dislike taking phone calls.
pretty cool, huh?
follow me?
thank you!!! Hopefully we will be back in ATL with all the great talent doing a casting soon! We can meet then!
Looking forward to meeting you #imex12!
It's a mixed blessing? What's the blessing part?
good morning, happy tuesday to you
can someone explain "YOLO" to me?
Yes, very nice article about the Milwaukee County Research Park!
Played MW2.5 yesterday...not bad but not impressive either
Comedy just pokes at problems, rarely confronts them squarely
I love my boyfriend since the day we met ; <3 goodnight :)
hey residents. Wine tasting from Sokol Blosser in the Sapphire Room tonight Executive chef, Mark Henry is making awesome food. Come.
Omg i cant wait for hottie Smokin' Oakin' aka he is comin on Hannah Montana Forever
I can't wait until comes home and is on get the 5 year old to bed duty for a few nights.ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thinking about the Yankees win!
