Ah yes, the wisdom of Mr.Roger Allen Wade
Evans tweeted me that Lance Lynn was "roster worthy" 4 weeks ago, turned out great for me
Don't ask god to guide your footprints, if you're not willing to move your feet
Adidas will take credit for Baylor, Cincy and Louisville wins - it must be the unis. All that neon is blinding opponents
A lot of websites redesign using widgets, how does HubSpot get the search engines to find the keywords
Weird? Nah, I'm totally nuts. lol. But thx =)
uhmmm do we all have iPhones ? let's just do a group message 👍
And one more thing! I need to update my stupid...blog...thing D:< And I might join that Flickr site. My Photobucket is just..dead.
A collective of young people with different talents...
People ask me how I'm always so calm. Basically, I decide not to freak out and stick with it.
A friend in Australia wants to buy a gift certificate for a friend moving to DC for a local antiques store. This is SO not my expertise.
valentines days is suppost to be happy but instead its the 200 day i havent seen my friend :/ </3
While all the other girls are wearing mini skirts and heels, I'm rockin' sorrels and jeans ;)
every time I think humanity will be ok, I have to remind myself that 20 million Americans watch 2 and a Half Men every week
lol ok! Imma txt you a little later!
You are welcome.
Tomorrow I'll be wearing black and gold. Bring it Mizzou!
If you fly SW Airlines in July, find the article about Diggerslist.com in your seatback mag. Our boys built it! #adultwellness club
#IfIWasJustinsGirlfriendIWould learn grammar and then change my hashtag to
In today's "Driving You Crazy," the effort to get a crosswalk at the Las Vegas Welcome Sign. I'll have that at 5:15 & 6:15am on
...hello Jodi just dropping in to say hi...Michael Dillen
I knew it ! :) I wasn't sure so I didn't wanna be all creepy :b
Atleast Fab Mello can still work with the football team as the goal post!
I had to play the "reality" card yesterday. Staffer: "Why can't we do my plan?" Me: "Because the laws of space and time prohibit it."
99 percent of everything going into my body is plant based. Can u say the same?
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls
good night deary :) hope you get this message ....Danny lol:)
Instead of #TGIF, I'll add #TGISCIFRI for #SCIFRI #NPR Starting looking for copy of The Sibling Effect
Flipping between Mike Wallace special & 5 Eyewitness news wx coverage. Meanwhile my little one has cinderella blaring on the dvd mini.
You have not lived until you've verbally described UML diagrams for a computer based exam.
thx lynn, have a great friday :D
" : Sandy: I love Karate. SpongeBob: I love Kar-a-tay. Mr. Krabs: I love Mon-ay. Squidward: I hate all of you..."
I'm so sleepy
The reception is at 6pm tonight!
Merry Christmas!!
it will it's Wednesday
Missed PK...why not.
I am the #antiRomney. Me for President!
less then 10 .. maybe like 5. need to look
real shit. He good but he ain't shit amazing
Gahhhh I'm craving sushi so bad!
BESTEST BEST BEST BEST. #DS4MUSG Okay I'm done lol
aww I'm sorry!!!
Aw shucks, got to go back to work. Thank you HECO. I hope you put extra strength duct tape today.
": Spread the word about International Jazz Day on April 30. Please use hastag #jazzday."
m cod.
I love talkin to fine ladies like yourself. Brings a shine to my day :)
Pi Day- In Star Trek episode “Wolf in the Fold,” Spock foils the evil computer by commanding it to “compute to last digit the value of pi.”
sky is blue and water is what?
BETTER: Getting a text FROM Michael J. Fox on a phone that has Back to the Future text notification.
I'm gatv
"Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow. It empties today of its strength."
RT : No man is worth your tears, and when you find the man who is, he'll never make you cry.
If you don't have to make sacrifices to accomplish your goal...you need a bigger challenge!
Look at yourself in the mirror before you go hating on poor Trust me haters, I bet he has a life unlike you being mean to him!
Watching "Just Wright". Why did it get only 1 star? Hook a bruh up
Can't sleep...
Wish #BFV FAN PAGES 2 follow me back
Ppl so busy living in the past can't even enjoy the present smh
DIFFERENCES Radio Magazine Show keeps listeners "in the know" about Entertainment, Health, Food, Fashion, Lifestyle and Community Affairs
#ICantStandPeople that are so full of themselves !!
Yay! I miss it and you! Hang next weekend for sure!
Pre-order 's new album, Hell Is What You Make It! It releases on July 12! #helliswhatyoumakeit helliswhatyoumakeit.com/preorder
I like to think that I'll bring my particular brand of rumpled style to my new gig.
because they don't sell them rolling acres.
Cue the saxophone! It's an #80s movie! ;)
Whats good ?? Need to catch u early part of next week if you gone be free....
Good evening twitter!!
#Blazers vs #Sonics!
MA thesis and practicum presentations tonight in the Lee Reception Room, 6:30!
RT : Miller believes there should be an adjustment to the Title I formula, but opposes the Thompson amendment.
S/o to the boys that know how to hold it down.
lmfao! Ohh that's too funny #keepdreaming :) jkjk! :P are you out of your mind? Haha
you remember how bad he was son??? Its NO WAY he could be that bad again..DWade gotta be the closer if it come down to it
I love dogs, but I think that the lady who's trying to swing hers at the kids' playground is a little crazy. And looks like the dog agrees.
There are so many kind of grains out there. Does anyone know what kind of wheat is semolina flour made from?
Still celebrating Uncle Greg's graduation
Heard your stuff... Love it! keep it up!
I text you because I want to have a conversation with you, not to be pissed off & get my day ruined..
that's what I thought... Things are good. How about yourself?
Your email reminded me: HUGE thx to the volunteers!!!!
Which Midwest city is ready to get Simplified?
that's why you need an iphone. stat.
": The taps will start flowing two weeks from today - we'll drink to that!" I'll be there!!
damn that was gonna be my next pose.. Lol
Not as much as...
it is my absolute pleasure... lifting up fellow #GenBlue peeps fills me with JOY!! :)
hahaha well take a plane ! :p
British indie rock band The Kooks to perform here on July 25
oh i've been sick for like two weeks and have lost my voice.. my life is in shambles.
Thanks to all the #USPro host cities and event organizers for putting on a world class race! We were thrilled to be a part of history!
just used the last of a carton of vanilla soy milk to make a box of annie's mac-n-cheese. strangely delicious.
woke up this morning after having a very real dream about national standards. not sure what this says about me.
no doubt! Just switched to watching the Indy Indians, and there is a pitching duel going on! 6 consecutive strikoeouts!
Looking forward to playing with you next week dude! Let's get weird.
can't wait! Hopefully for good news.
from Faded knows whats up..... Left Handed high fives all the way around!
lmfao that's so true!
Getting out from in front of the computer and off to the kitchen. It's time to bake the brownies.
We can't wait to tell you about our upcoming promo! Stay tuned for details...
Just had the works at Clear Water car wash on E College Ave and they did a sparkly job. Avoiding puddles...
Have you ever googled yourself? :D Love you
That's Galarraga. I wud have checked my baseball history book 4 the spelling of his name, but I didn't find it in the perfect game section.
so bord my ears r so sore
Good Night Philadelphia!!Another Paper Champion Down!! That's 2 n 2 Dayz!!!! Money can buy you a lot of things but def not a championship!!!
TOP 3 @ #CC250 RIGHT NOW! Turn it up
haha I think I'll manage. I didn't know you weren't going to be there! I'm sad we're missing you!
Posers Need To Get A Freakin Life!! Jfs -.-
Which lens? We want 140 characters of details!
yeah, things are gonna be very different
MT : RED FLAG WARNING issued for 5/18 for AZ & NM due to strong winds, low humidity, and high fire danger.
If life gives you melons you are anorexic... I mean dyslexic.
Having to ride the blue bus from the view all the way around just to get to my stop at university club
Looking for something fun to do tonight? Why not trivia followed by Karaoke? It all starts at 8pm in our basement.
how is kansas st. an 8 seed with a 32-2 record?
In a Chicago kind of mood.
Happy Mother's Day!
Giants game
Writing up cover letters to studios before i get back to work, gotta get the ball rolling on this career thing!
we will. have a great week
oh no! finals?? said hes gone for the next 2 weekends :( well hafta get em first weekend in june!
Full of crap like always!! RT : : we had a chandler!
Lyrics to all songs of Rhapsody!: Age Of The Red Moon
Walking backwards like a tour guide or just retracing your steps?
Make Your Subscribers Want to Build Your List for You Using! dld.bz/afhNs
OMG! #NCIS season finale! love this show.
raise it!
Draft Sully for Congress!
#dhdebates discussing authorship in collaborative work, cites crowdsourcing of original OED
Thanks for sharing the #Glee youtube video link. I'm going through #Glee withdrawals right now :-)
": WHEN I WAS IN 6TH GRADE I PLAYED AT THE PARK NOW I NO 6TH GRADERS THAT SUCK DICK AT THE PARK"
Don't tease me! haha
My mother has become a play-by-play announcer.
Omg I slept like a baby
"All you do is sit on Facebook all day" Lies..... I sit on the chair.
Please follow me alli. ive been trying to get yu to follow me for months noww. i love yu.. yur my inspiration<3 xo
While everyone else rests on this Sabbath day, I'll be in a tech. rehearsal! TheySleep. WeGETWORK.
Gg man you are one of the most consistent pros I know.
see acting as a business; don't be a fan of the big actors, but dissect their technique; practice and network every single day
#shoutoutto he's everywhere.
"The Lost Symbol" media campaign - presentation to the board of directors at Institute of Noetic Sciences, Oct. 30, 2009. heidifuller.com
is so good at this
How are you and Hannah doing? Great to see you online!
I hate first period. That's why I spend it on twitter!
You know it has been a long week when you have to issue a Tweet correction.
From a guy who takes pre-existing Internet memes like LOLCATS and tries to "own" them. Thanks for helping society out!
It's only 7:30 but I will soon tell them to relax and get some sleep. Great write up. Thank you.
Great meeting today with all stakeholders Thx for coming! Topics discussed #progress #business #ethics #students #goals etc
Seriously they are! I mean i and Vinny but why would u make up a fake account about them ???!
I'm LOVING #Glee's Michael Jackson tribute tonight! Who's bad?
I finally made the switch to Mac after the worst weekend E-V-E-R with my PC. Now if I can just get it to do what I want, we're golden!
just don't burn it that's the worse thing possible
on our way
I knew that what the Westbrook homestead!
Had an awesome time with our friends in Saginaw!! God is so good!!
Can we take cameras to prom?(:
God designed a beautiful day.
What's your favorite meal of the day, ?
I actually sat through 2.5 movies in a row and I was pretty damn proud of myself, SIR! :P
Wendy's.. they have chili fries now. I wouldn't steer you wrong..
That means I have to let my manager and agent both know I'll be booked out...
I was so happy to catch up w/u yesterday. Thank u for the call. Will email u later today w/updates, details, etc. :)
You got it!!:) Thank you as well!!
that's really something. I just want my work pc to distribute shots of espresso at 10am and 3pm.
Maria, this is Kevin(Uncle Bruce's friend) can you follow me for a second so I can shoot you a private message?
Perfect! Now you are ready to move to LA!
And it's just too bad you've already had the best days... the
Thanks for the shoutout!
I'm such a terrible friend.
“Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.” – Voltaire
At the airport on my way to NAB in Vegas. Need to see if I can grab a commuter flight to LA for the PTFC match tonight
R.I.P. To the Godfather of GoGo Chuck Brown he will be missed
what happened to your sense of humor ?
Today has been one of the bad bad days... :o
I'm sick of Wells Fargo screwing with C. Time to kick their ass too.
im just shocked!! hahahahahaha
I dont have soccer for the first time in like 4 months. Mind=Blown....
I love bein home PHOENIX BABY!
: Nail Shop Swagg w/ the T.Jones dang y'all in the crowd I got done up yesterday
So if u see a red g5 beware ! Lol
please follow me back i love you with all my heart
22 years in Seattle, yet all my fiction is set in Louisiana. I hope you at least like New Orleans
A new drug to manage resistant chronic pain - Science Daily (press release)
Thanks Councilman Smith for the RT about You the Man!
yay! Just like old times haha
Guess we should start saving now for all those new apple products!!
Haha, yeah Mandy is going to retire from the check Disney sent her for all the publicity she gave them ;-)
Get to know the people running camera during auditions because remembering them naked will help you relax. :)
IM SO HAPPY FOR YOU :') you happy,im happy <21
My Grandad Was A Real Thug I Don't Care What Anyone Says... #RIP Ilove YOU...
Lost the futebol match ! :(
please don't :'c
you are super awesome as well, Olivia! - Y
I'm feeling the effects D1 athletics in the SEC has had on my body. Feeling like an old woman at these softball games!
it is a wonderful place. Great details. Love seeing everyone enjoying it. I also can't wait to see P3.
Holler back! #underground #art #film #fashion #music #groundbreaking!
everything that could of gone wrong kinda did...
DMX is real underrated. My opinion won't matter after this though.
guy in the lab next to me on the phone: "is this the girl i ordered?"
not to bad... Moved back home to KY n now jobless :-(
You kind of just want Chicago to score at this point, that was beautiful
Make today better than yesterday. Continue this mindset each day and you are living the good life.
Thanks for being an amazing customer!
“If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.” ~Thich Nhat Hanh
Awe yes it is
Forget what you heard, recognize what you see. I know you heard the rumors... now here's the real me.
don't agree with that. way to motivate him..
you seemed so sad and u felt lonely. I can 100% relate. I get that feeling everyday.
Adversity is a fact of life. It can't be controlled. What we can control is how we react to it.
No problem Kevin. Excited to be teamed up with you!
Thank you! Wonderful to meet you too.
Ask Style: Have Any Ideas for Doable Fashion Resolutions? I want to make a change in my fashion for the New Year, but I don 't know quite
Words are not written./Spoken with a more patient voice.
@ the #Nonprofit Legislative Wrap-up in Annapolis w/Job Opportunities Task Force, MD Assoc of Nonprofs, MD Citizens Health Initiative, et al
Much better advice than mine
Nah, my neighborhood might fuck you up lol.. RT yea yea i need to come to the 219 fuk yo neighborhood up lol
#Bruins and #NYRangers still knotted at 2 halfway through the third period.
We're gettin' hyped up for Black Friday! Makin' them super steals n' deals just for you! Stay tuned for a printable coupon later today! <3
shaken, not stirred?
When people misjudge genuine people without getting to know them...
I sometimes talk to myself.
And if it was dumbbells, how would you get them up in the first place so that they could then rip your pec. Why wouldn't you drop them?
Today's the day! Undergrad/faculty mixer at 4pm in the ATEC conference room! Come meet EMAC faculty/students. All EMAC'ers welcome!
Ah yes, yes you do. I have much appreciated your "catcheck!" tweets, and obv the ferret convo. :)
Art editing repacking
no worries, keep in touch. I will post more videos on my website and facebook so you can see me there!
Milk and graham crackers.
What was your favorite city on the all the way tour?:)
oh ok cool. Im section 111
Feel a little bad for the two Norwegian guys looking for fun on 6th St. On a Monday. During finals.
I have a friend, her name is Amanda. She likes to eat kung pow, from Royal Panda. You can have some delivered to your door (kung pow,...
Anyone else addicted to ?
I'm getting my "Radio Snark" live365 station going again soon online. You'll have to check that out.
Why cant this day go any faster
My desire is for 9-11-11 to represent a new beginning in your life. Let's take time today to
your welcome :) anytime xD
You're lucky. She tossed money at you for looking at her twins.
Pretty boys think they run the world... You ain't that tight hunny
OK going to create a place for Twitter Addicts called TwitterHab ^_^
You're hot, funny, sexy, adorable, etc...
Hey louis! I love you!<3
RT : ": They just said Carlos and I just thought Baerga...clearly its been a while since I've been to a tribe game."
Every business needs effective advertising to succeed! be known, do your best, stay in the right and the rest will come naturally <3
BREAKING: Beltline Traffic EB is slowed b/c of a fire near John Nolen and Rimrock. If you're in the area & can safely take photos please do
FUCCCCCCCCCCCK I JUST GOT AN $168 TICKET
Tonight, we are young...
so since you've been to Cali.. Mia.. Louisiana.. &around the world on that jet.. how bout you stop back thru Fla..
I know you slept in my bed
If you wanted me dead all along you could have just say so you didnt have to mistreat me for that long
Flashback to the 80's. Just set up a showing with an agent that had to find her List/Show book first to manually enter.....wow!
poopie smell good doe
I decided to go a new route so I am going to send you another jone to get on...give me like a week or 2...maybe sooner.
Ron Artest gotta chill with his knees & elbows, shit is getting outta hand
Oh Sydney you should have been there. He gave us his facebook. And yes, of course I added him. ;)
i'll manage it for you
Looking forward to the Women & Wealthy Symposium at WCTC tonight with Rhonda Noordyk. Should be awesome!
i like the way you think. but we need to pull this one out and get back on track. bad.
At Lady Antebellum...Darius rocked the house!! 5 minutes to showtime!!
I am glad u approve. Haha I was blacked out
welcome to the event
Good Morning Cuh!
Preview of the newest addition to our FTD SERIES online! www.ar-vr.com limited print so hit us up to pre-order!
I got your invitation!! Coolness.
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us.
Happy #StPatricksDay, #Pittsburgh!
ID Greatness: The experience is vivid & authentic, with opportunities to practice, to THINK about and DO something. Via
aw in the words of daisy murp :(
did u do a tuna commercial?
hey back
now you're just somebody that i used to know...
seriously hungry but don't want to move
is like Santa with blonde hair hahaha
tell her i said what up.
Now you have me wondering what 60s South African fashion looked like and if I would recognize it as such. Trippy.
It will take all of us, timmayK, but yes. It can be done.
Dealing with #BigData isn't as difficult as you may believe as long as you have a good data integration partner.
RT - Cleveland Indians lose to Giants, 1-0, on Tony Sipp's balk in 7th ...
Check out Boom One Sound System's EP "Japanese Translations in DUB"
Thank you for the follow!!
Crying because of how perfect The Wanted is.
Mama Obama time!
Milk shake mondays are great
We've just connected with 50 top psychologists on Twitter. Our award winning program is a great supplement to ongoing counseling for kids.
about to talk with on
remember you told sesali she aint no how you and raspberry lemonade got down lol
pork belly is done cooking. smells good. wish I could eat it now, but must wait til tomorrow. yum.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Here we go again :/
Arod just has nothing. 7 more years of this Yankee fans. Hey buddy, stop spitting seeds and do something to earn your $30 mil. WOW
Thank you! Done and done.
Arts and Lectures Workshop Event : Sound Engineer Mike Davidson, Wednesday, 3/23, 12:45-2PM in Lindsay Hall, Room 10.
It was a brutal episode. Really well done, though.
Whoever gets the celebrity with the most followers to tweet about us will win a “Red Neck Care Package” from Big Tex Entert.........
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG >3< I MADE THE BEST PIC EVER! :3 its on my myspace. check it out >:3
THEY'RE THE BEST THING EVAR. *feeds you one*
Digging It with the Townies Everyone knows that the downtown area is the bustling center of city life. It is usually filled with an amaz
to wats ya gamertag? Mine is daTHROWBACKking hit me up
I like that one too! Fav part is, "Use or Use Not, there is no try.”
This bitch at the doctors office is a straight bitch. Better be happy I need to be seen or I would cuss her ass out.
was 40 minutes late today, smh
Thank you!!
Thank you sir. Getting our feet wet.
I really don't dig this timeline for bandpages...
please follow! love your work!
i dont eat pussy. i devour vagina
Loving the throwback shout out!! I feel like has gotta be diggin that.
I could jog over the bridge faster than this train is going right now. Damn MTA!
No, sadly I have the same problem lol
this makes me worried that im missing a conference call. just wanted to share.
Maybe they'll release it the same summer as the Elfquest movie.
To all the bitches that wear insanely padded/intense push-up bras: The fuck is with the false advertisement? YO TITTIES AIN'T THAT BIG.
Whole Foods fake triscuits ≠ real triscuits.
I'll need to borrow your positivity...I'm not sure I can!
What is felt but never said...<3
If you still wan party when you leave beamers come hang with us #nine72 right behind beamers
ha, thanks. I try.
see you today at the meeting on LEP patient practices! Looking forward to being a part of it.
elders always know best and have the best experiences..hahaha!
Philly to do some wedding photos!! :)
Wood County families unplug; screen free week turns attention to physical activity - VOICE of Wisconsin Rapids (subscription)
U is for yhu and me
hi boo how u been
Alwaayz a pleasure! Enjoy your Sumdaay:-)) #
Dear Tim's, can my roll-up-the-rim prize be a heritage job? Please?
I serve my "fuck you's" with a smile. It just has a better effect that way. Don't you think?
about ready to roll out the next limited edition photo block - be ready this one is pretty awesome
u had a gme
NC State has developed an iPad app for quick access to their virtual computing lab.
New to this twitter thing.
Waley also pushing for preservation of heritage trees that would be cut to build Green redevelopment
no I couldn't remember who she looked like hmm??
they know a star when they see a star nigga
my intention was to taunt you. you always see right through me.
On the at 6:15, previews the 2nd game of the Yankees-Rays series. Also, here his thoughts on Pettitte's return.
Lots of CEOs on the guest list at #health2con. Will be interesting to see how they involve pts. will have a table Tues, though!
Oregon FB is for real. Plus they are extremely fun to watch both offensively and defensively.
Seriously surprised the light fixures don't drip when they get turned on
Seski take care fur brush with pine cone. Seski go take nap now.
slowing down 4 the week, a little work and some play but not full blast
Wishing I could put this weekend on repeat.
#BackInElementarySchool I use to be the tallest girl in the class.. Now everyone is a million times taller than me...
In Ghana that bitch shit dnt fly like that
#ohiogoesgoogle what's more important? what we learn along the way or the outcome?
sounds great...please send details to
Eff my effing life
Simple + effective recovery meal: PB&J, banana, protein shake. Works every time.
I guess this is where I should be? Little lost at the moment.
DIRT founder plans road track, half-mile oval in Hastings
everyone does though its highschool i think even 6 graders do more lol
blessings to you and the 116 crew for the #ManUp conference! So excited for what God is doing!
Happy Birthday Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson
Let's do this! RT Ready to go watch this fight..and game with and et al
I see what happened… U contacted them, and I read list under oskarblues pages. I assumed & the word promises what'll happen
how is everyone doing today?
yaay :D ! Can't wait<3
Right after I buy mine. You got it ;]
Everything happens for a reason....
Love bugs are so pointless. I don't walk around fucking my boyfriend in public. Dirty freaking slut bugs.
this is my first ever tweet! I'm at a conference in Vermont w/spotty Internet access, are the readings for class on the web-site?
T-23 days until Chicago. E - I'm getting excited!
After watching Jiro Dreams of Sushi, now I want sushi....predictable. :)
“ When it comes down to it, the last person you think of at night is the one who truly matters to you.” Wow yea
yet here i am, twittering instead of reading while i wait in the airport
If you move to a new house - never move the salt in your kitchen or your broom or mop. Buy these items NEW for your new home.
I finally have all of my prom stuff! 
People like to bring up your past when your present and future look better than theirs ~ BookOfQuotes
this club has Justin Bieber's hair making out w/ Donald Trump's hair, Malibu Barbies dressed in mans clothing,german tacos, cowboys in afros
Oklahoma sure has spirit!!🏀❤😃
curating my lists and followings. trying to maintain high average tweet utility. so far so good.
delete it. *very
follow back?(:
go to bed
Absolute UnSelfishness. God-centeredness vs. Self-centeredness. God make me an instrument of peace, an actor of your love, & singer of joy!
Breakfast with graphic #editor George Kalwa this morning. Love running into #video professionals in our charming city!
Hey cuties ;)
You should probably be concerned. Can't be good.
of course! I agree with that article. It's great to be back in Chicago, although I do miss Indy a bit. What's new with you?
anyone see Dragon Tatoo this weekend? how was it?
Samurai date with girlfriend <3
But honestly, Kanye just seems like a gem to hang out with. Also, I'm a little drunk.
soon he can have two new friends. Rufus and Riley to hang with
Haha. You ever get a ticket?
Whenever I have Monday "blahs" today, I think about the Broncos going 5 and 0 and smile. Try it!
Loving my newest followers and !
nice Chingy pull
Brewers or Cardinals?
Like many people, he claims a native great-grandparent. Does that give him the cred to play native characters? It's an interesting question
thanks man
No worries. Welcome. Hi. Howdy. Hello.
aye it is what it is lol
You'd think I'd have to be the one to beg my mom to go to prom.. I told her I didn't want to go and she begged ME to go.
making plans for a vineyard vacation this summer. Any lodging recommendations? #can'twait
There is some big stuff brewing (no pun intended) in the boozecamp world. Be patient my dear.
I need step my grind up and start working before work every day and then go run at night instead
Outstanding Sophomore of the Year -- !
#hhlib its not being a futurist and its painful.
my favorite quote of the day " The San Diego Police Department doesn't investigate weirdness. We investigate crimes."
Protein shake and #lost all day.
Facts Of School™ In Class: ✔ Talk ✔ Sleep ✔ Text ✔ Play ❒ Study.
hope you are having,a great time.
Story of my life.
after 07 championship i was on his flight to denver---boise. He and his fiance were so awesome. His entire arms were bloody!
Tanning and copious amounts of watermelon
Is it sad I'm kinda over what used to be my favorite show?
Small Bump - Ed Sheeran
Joe on Twitter. Awesome!
() "They didnt have real music then, just instruments." mom @ ren faire event.
how is work today? Lol
nice BRA. Full Coverage..Great support & Sexy :-)
thinking about alternatives to carto?
I'm pretty sure Twitter approached LoC. Good PR move but I'm happy that we're getting the data to preserve and experiment with
Can you tell me the latest on the contract talk for Lamarr Houston and Rolando Mcclain,if anything
You guys just need to get back together already...
yeah this is the best way to follow sports/fantasy news available...or justin bieber...depends what you're into
sounds good. Keep the facts up
Two music video shoots within a week?
Turned to 810 during the #Royals commercial and heard Jack Harry.
why does Kelly even use the ropes...it baffles me...
aww thanks. You had no way of knowing how much that would mean today. Hope all is well with you!
bench him yesterday
BLAZERS MAKING MOVES AND CLEARING CAP FOR THE SUMMER! SOMEONE PLS GET US A GM OR MAKE CHAD BUCHANAN THE OFFICIAL GM!
liam neeson is a great actor!
Driving past the entrance of #BestBuy a.k.a the sea of beaming exiting men.
hey stranger!! When you gonna be in DTLA?!?!
that's me c:
your welcome! & thank you so much! =D
It's been 3 days.
Dirty money but we're clean with it.
Cool. We're still assembling everything, but I'll do a guest post when it's complete. Any specifics on what you'd want to see?
Oh Phil! What made you decide to model your game after me?!
We love you. No really we do. To celebrate we're offering you $2 off a subscription to the rag using promo code WELOVEYOU2.
Harvey Mudd speaker series lessons: realistic frequency, vary topics / speakers, s Vary the days of week, more prep than you think
Thanks for the follow back, we're neighbors! What is your website? I couldn't access it..
omg that looks like heaven on a plate!
#prowling was going on last night last night! The ladies and gents were having a fun at the after party!
Oprah Winfrey~ What I know for sure is that what you give comes back to you.
Do you think he created a divide yesterday with him and the BOT?
We are doing well ! How are you?
You can start camping out at Barnes and Noble at 6pm! No earlier or you will be escorted away from the premises.
It's good to see greatness recognized, just wish we would stop waiting till after we lost greatness to pay respect.
Ik my school is awesome!
ok. are you still in vegas?
I teach small businesses how to effectively use the internet to farm new customers, get old ones to come back more often and pay more
No team can be the best in the NHL if it doesn't have defense or goaltending. Flyers never had that.
Why does SCOTUS imagine that healthcare can be equated with commodities like consumables or consumer services? Consumerism is all there is?
world cup final with out a doubt
Can't believe I've just logged a month at the new gig! My brain is throbbing from all I'm learning ;)
After the game get to Bartinis for all your Friday night fun!
Thank you for helping blow our camp up hard. Much love from NY to the D! We got you!
***Charlie Hustle in Concert*** @ The T.I. Farewell Tour: featuring - T.I., Busta Rhymes & Keri Hilson (Sat, 2/28)
VINNY?! I hope when you rallied for & you also pulled for it was her bday you know!
If you didnt see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears don't invent it with your small mind & share it with your big mouth
Best of luck at #IndianWells Philly's rooting for ya!! #VikaPhan smile
Happy New Year!
Only person I know who requests a painting of the honey boo boo child girl from a live artist = me. She was pumped.
lol...you have my dollars!
Thanks! People with real last name Twitter handles UNITE!
love it..don't forget this wed:)
#IAlwaysWonderIf i'm in other people's dreams.
if i bought my tickets online friday and havin them mailed to me how long should it take??
i wonder if we can get to 2k followers by the end of the week. i may just have another free song as a prize for y'all if this happens :)
I know, I have no friends.
Lots of laffs with the court today. Twas a good one!
U can skew facts to fit ANY story. U usually lose more on the road hence the lower #s. Elway & PM said hed b back to MVP lvl
Very good point. I think I have been doing this. At least I hope so.
We love our fans!!
jeez. Some more details pleez. Was it during or post cal daze? Do u remeber venue? I'll work on remembering. Hee hee.
RT : MN Building & Trades Cncl says #Vikings stadium will provide jobs to help MN workers feed their families.
back to US after almost a month in Turkey. Woke up at 3am. upside is that I can catch up with the office since it's already morning there.
Nash checks out after a few seconds to another raucous ovation. Special night here in Phoenix.
im just so lovable right now lol
He does what? :O
Marian Hossa has left Northwestern Memorial Hospital. Good to hear; I was so worried when he didn't move after that hit.
thank you!
Sometimes, I realize how much of a poo ball I am when watching Family Guy and laughing my ass off--by myself.
I see, so we'll be tweeting all weekend long then... Lucky Miss I'm
I need a napp :o
LETS SET THIS BITCH OFF NIGGA LOL
hello twitter people hows everbody's day going so far
BPL: Arsenal v. Manchester United
It's snowing. I wish snow could keep it's shape and texture and not be freezing. Then I'd love snow.
Runaway Love <3
Teacher Network newsletter: April Fools and profit-making schools: This week's newsletter is packed with useful ..
Mulan is definitely one of my favorite Disney movies c:
lol, It was my first 10am drunk dial. I will say that it wouldn't have been as entertaining if you d-dialed me at 1am.
I'm a bay area occupy live streamer
I just love the fact that the giants thanked God for there victory<3 I give them props:')
Happy Platypus Day
I like no padres staff have any idea about your tweets or contests.
Who's going tonight? Hope to see you there! RT : 6pm tonite @ Bucketworks - Pro Forms Presentation & taco bar courtesy of
You know what is better than going to Ireland for 12 days? Going to Ireland for 13 days! AND going on a haunted tour of Dublin
PickUpLine: Do you like jigsaw puzzles? Let's go to my room and put our pieces together.
Hope you have a blast. I'm sure your dad is thrilled :-)
imma hit u later
Reliable encryption is essential to the future of the cloud
To err is human, but when the eraser wears out ahead of the pencil, you're overdoing it.
A Slightly Unattractive Life
Oomf is a straight nigga in a females body!
little boog action never hurt nobody
Quote to live by: "Funny how the harder I work, the luckier I get" - Dave Thomas, Founder of Wendy's.
Always a good day when Toto's Africa pops up on Pandora, right ?
This is an exciting week of photo shoots and music and friends. Im glad its here.
just need to go to five, shouldn't be hard, already have my tickets to 1 :)
people always disappoint
A hearty "amen."
I miss outdoor activities, but it's just 2 hot for my baby to spend time out there. It's even 2 hot for Barton Springs!
It's amazing what a minute can do...
That was the strangest, weirdest, craziest & most interesting #SundayFollow I've seen yet ;) Well done
Original Batman Adam West gets Walk of Fame star: Adam West receives the 2,468th star on the Hollywood Walk of F..
Please help. I want one of the following to be my #intern: sarcastic robot, monkey, boxing kangaroo, Dave Grohl, rockhopper penguin. How?
pussy nigga AH!
#AusinsGoingFar Yee he's trending and he so is going far
Now is the time to experience Cuba. Join us for the Havana Biennial May 7 – 12. The April 6 deadline is fast approaching....
follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me! Please it would mean the world to me!
He's going to have to get some of those super tacky gloves and look the ball in for that to happen
Tuesday Tweetcast: Sunshine dominates again, highs hit the mid 80s. Rain risk returns slowly Thu-Sun, colder by late next week.
Its time to get weird.
In honor of Easter I'm going to play Infinity Blade.
Today is a good day for things to change.
I know the song dan...
I was checking out the PURPLE SWING. I don't have any reason to trust MITT ROMNEY. The college students are a lot smarter than MITT thinks.
RT : Gettin' pumped for zine symposium tomorrow! Your poster are is amazing! thanks so much.
What channel? The Grinch certainly makes for a wonderful xmas eve eve!
Lot of similarities between packers 1st two picks this year and in 2009. Both picked up a DL and OLB with a trade-up to get one.
Something has to make you mine... ♥
Awesome pics! Wish we'd had her at our wedding.
NEXT RADIO XTAMINA TOPIC 11/16/2009 "OBAMA HEALTH CARE REFORM, IS IT GOOD FOR AMERICA?" Tune into 1420AM (Atlanta) 560AM (Dallas & Tulsa)
Bam! Three for at ! Nice way to end the third.
Way better than Granny Warren. Until can fire 551 of them er..replace them all at one time, we need the best we can get.
thanks for sending out the tweet about law of 2 feet, that clarified things :)
The bullpen phone for Jamie Moyer is the one with extra large numbers GET IT? IT'S BECAUSE HE'S OLD!!
Thanks, Ernest!
Fuck. When you love someone and can't have them. :(
ya i've tried messaging u like twice?!!?!?
You would think Wiz Khalifa would be immune to weed laws by now... Just like Snoop and Cheech and Chong
Thanks for the follow! Look forward to your tweets!
Good for you! I've made some cards recently, and they took quite a bit of time, but were worth it.
sleepy sleepy sleepy sleep
My absolute love is Justin bieber <3 :)
Volvo Roof Bars for vehicles with Roof Rails ?
Next on the , breaks down game 3 of the Yankees-Twins series tonight.
appreciate what she's done the past couple days _-_
Drake on Beefing with Ludacris: “I didn’t take any of that seriously…”
Shout out to my new followers!! I appreciate yall!! Much love!
I had to struggle a lot to figure how to link because I have another Twitter account, I made another G mail, easy solution
I am ready. two happy and healthy kids. body is ready for a little help
That sounds nice! I don't have anywhere to sit outside where I wouldn't get soaked! :)
coming to Dallas. July 13. About time.
Anyone have recommendations on what app to use to host a professional facebook group chat on our page? Would love to hear from you.
I miss you too <|3
Follow for 100 new followers
use youtube to play your music with different videos/commercials to see if/how it fits
I'm making money too babe :(
ha, i dont know if i passed my EOC or not..
Danced on stage last night with at the concert. Great show thanks David and
Sex isn't better than love!
You only wear your ''Band Tees'' to bed? What's the fucking point?
hope you're enjoying #CommercialFree Music! It's happening right now :D
today was alright :) 5th period was funny like always lol
Every good radio show has jack hammer/office construction noise in the background right?
Don't forget.. It's now Bahn Mi Sunday!!
oh yes!!! Costco!!! So exciting!!!
My back hurts -.-
Thats that shit I dont Like gonna b the anthem
just call me Dimples and i'll love you forever <3
Oh no! are u sick!?
yu have a nice pair of tits :x .
What do you see when the Pillsbury Dough Boy bends over? Doughnuts
Thanks Bro..
Thank you for the #FF! RT Happy #FF - thanks so much to
What happened? It says it's offline...
I've recorded every night this week haven't had a chance 2 mix yet. On 2nd listen def sounded cool, too many cats on it tho lol
“: "In 'leading from behind,' President Obama has been ambiguous and given Iran the luxury of time."”
thanks jayson. I'll look for your dm..have a good wknd man!
Moderate to heavy rainfall now. The computer models call for a break to the north and rain to the south early on. So far not working out
I GOT HACKED.. AND IM TWEETING FROM FORMSPRING NOT MY TWITTER. SO FOLLOW ITS MY NEW TWITTER
maybe next year for thr Tigers
Found you on Twitter! I've been reading ILoveYourFace and you've continue to have some great, helpful stuff to say! Love!!
RT Ha! : has great radio voice!! "i'm not dirty, you guys cut it out." right.
He is doing them a favor by being on twitter, chatting, throwing out nuggets etc. Not his fault people jump all over it.
u and Marion doing the running man! If I could my buddy who works for you u guys to film that.
Pink& silver
You know you #love someone when you want them to be happy even if their happiness means that you’re not part of it.
welcome to twitter! :)
She gives good lip service RT Will Lisa Rinna sacrifice her dignity for a national campaign? Depends!
At the Walker... Design in Production
Listening to 3 girls write a rap song about STD's for their Senior Project. Statistics say that at least one of them will have one by 25. :)
just tell me the firrst letter of his name! Please
is looking forward to Saturday's 10am Precinct Walk for Kevin Beiser, Math Teacher of the Year for San Diego School Board 858-248-1903
The Mexican truck wants to be open today 😒
So just declared #MKEDAY at BBC. And so it shall be. Thanks all for coming out.
I wish that I could have this moment for life
Floyd Mayweather Acquitted in Harassment Case; Can Pacquiao ...
"pumpkin patch of yummy pumpkins"???? HUH???
Hey you guys we are interviewing Crown the Empire tomorrow. Any questions you would like us to ask them please reply to this tweet asap!
I dont know how to behave! Theres no such thing. Lls wbu?
haha hey I have my own private twitter! You should go follow it, because I'm mostly on that account! Here it is
Trials do not increase our faith!
you dive air at your lough or nitrox?
Is it the Sylvia Plath station?? : Geez... is playing all my fave-yet-depressing music.
#20ThingsAboutMe Im a Grease Monkey and i admit it.
Shortcut of the week is another Outlook gem. CTRL+R to reply. CTRL+SHIFT+R to reply all.
Thank you for the RTs!
RT : Northpark movie date with my bestie I love when JJP alum come home!!!!
RT : NBC's has 102,311 followers and has never, not once, ever, sent a single tweet.
Paper over pu$$y
Im back home in Dallas after a long yet fruitful trip to the Asia-Pacific
Donovan Day in the city of Boston tomorrow #DONOVAN's
Thank you for bringing attention to the Black and Missing a heart-breaking and needed cause. We salute and support your campaign.
music is so amazing to me
thanks. I seem to have misplaced your email address. Would you mind sending it again? Sorry about that.
I'm so excited that #JonathanTaylorThomas is back in the media, even if it's only short-lived. I'm hoping he returns to TV/movies!!
Yes that's what I told you earlier. That's what MOCSM stands for= Men of Color who have sex with men
Im high?
I mean two workers, one of whom was a cloud expert giving a web developer some feedback & a business card. spooky.
Excellent! I look very much forward to seeing you there!
Facebook is like my living room = no business. Twitter is my information source = no crap. Linked are my business contacts = be legitimate
nope...sure didn't. Was ready to go..FB me his number..
So the guy I had a crush on at work happens to be 35 and married.
Glad it's still 2012 in WA.
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, "always do what you are afraid to." Ralph Waldo Emerson
I ate so much Jimmy Johns in college that I could go the next 4 years without it and be perfectly content.
I blame the elitist NY media. And elitist New York.
are you going to have a pancake breakfast with auction or something like that?
CTHU...luv your tweets, that's why I follow you!
I know I was like why does he have to leave already!;( haha
Athena was crafty, supersmart, and is represented by an owl tree. What's not to love? :) RT :
RT For every second she had sex with Rick Pitino, Karen Sypher will spend 176 days in prison.
It's a beautiful day in east Texas, so of course it's time to get back to that NYC drizzle.
Join ResearchChannel for the newest program in the ongoing series "MS from A to Z" tonight at 6 p.m.
assassian is one of my favs...
I did! But I didn't realize I'd have to alternate taking it off and putting it back on every block.
oh I feel ya!
Not always
Love it when #HouseHunters have a budget like ours was. Can't relate to those other freaks.
In front of Stedman Graham recieving knowledge & love
define "alive". But yeah, I'm home. >_<
Just for starters, and all. :)
A mother be on her grind..
So Goin to the other Class bye ppl! XD
Not that I know of. - Paul
OH, HE SAID SHE GOT NO NIPPLE !
Are they giving out the little whistles like they used to?
AH! I REMEMBER RONITA WALKIN ROUND THE ACADEMY BANGIN ON WALLS SAYIN THAT!!!
Preparing myself mentally for the 1st of a few Derby parties with a power nap and a couple episodes of " 16 & Pregnant"...
So pumped for zoo this weekend 🐘🐫🐒🐯
I have an inkling this is going to be Correia's last start for awhile.
Hope you have a wonderful and inspiring #Sunday everyone!
okay so i can't sleep.... so i'm up writing a post on tumblr...
Need 1 more picture for the contest!!
#ConfessionTime the pillows looking mighty comfy at this moment
Icing my knee and freaking over the match tomorrow :O
Check us out on Facebook let us know what ya think :)
#offline. This alpha needs her beauty sleep after a day of shopping.
When opportunity knocks, will you be ready?
#Allsmiles being around some1 cute and cant stop smiling
Pornstar in the stairway hello emily spencer
lol you really can. im gonna try to buy another one :) hahaha
But y MTV jams playing she get it from her mommy on mother day tho lol
Today (October 22) is National Archaeology day! What are your plans to celebrate and support new discoveries?
#FeelAlive Sell your home today, and have a fresh start!
Oh girl! Me 2 lol(insider)
Accumulated damage from the worst drought in our area's history will be seen in 5-10 yrs, reducing the environmental benefit of tree canopy
Is my favorite Swedish scientist with you?
sorry I was mad at you. Friends? Love you.
you must have had a happy ending last night
Commissioner Jim Schowalter says 318 million goes right to pay back schools
we are working very hard to improve aspects on the site. the dining and hotel side is making big moves soon!
Start a home-based business next year...repeat after me (twice): I CAN DO IT IN 2011! - I CAN DO IT IN 2011! Helene, www.thehome-office.com
My hair feels good
Your argument is invalid. (Never) try again.
UGH butter ball!
nice! RT Mention this tweet and recieve half off your lunch today! Ends at 3. Let's do this! One more reason to
Currently watching America's Book of Secrets on H2HD. This show rules. 🇺🇸🗽👽
wow. Ok I follow you now
stay tuned, as soon as it warms up :)
god damn you George Lucas. damn you to hell.
Hopefully getting my hair done tomorrow!
My problems won't go away
Done and RT'd
RT : win two show tickets for $100 donations and higher! Donate now at 258-6060
Great Stuff OBFS - Is the green Bride company something you started? That is really col
Carry couple wet wipes in case a bum try to touch me
Back in my day we celebrated pi day more not weed day.
u guys killed it american reunion was the funniest movie i have seen since the hangover
Not an April Fool's joke: "relocated" my car w/o warning & didn't report new location to me or Found it after 2 hrs.
Who are you when I'm not looking?
:: Wisconsin OG Kevin Zeitler on phone with Bengals coaches now.
LOL u silly
lmao!!! I know 1 that 28 but we call her cheryl lol
NO! I don't want to sleep! ;~;
"I am a woman in process. I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it. Life is never dull." -Oprah Winfrey
please be good to yourself! And keep safe! Love you!
TY to Necham Segal for this mornings broadcast www.nechamsegal.com
You should try Reno in the Winter; It works for me!
DJ Cooper's showing tonight that his range starts when he enters the gym - he is stroking 28 foot THREES! - Go Bobcats!
X-Asylum 30 Day Summer Shape Up Hybrid continues today. P90X2 - Base & Back
Current and graduates, help us get the word out that #dbualum has joined the Twitter family!
lmfao he's nuts.
Always smile Bro! Follow me! #BelieberBoy 2
waaahhh :(. Me and emmy are so boredd. Find a ride to comee see us
Aw Aw you to are so cute!!!! Haha
well not today, I downloaded too much. I need to take them all in lol
Yes I love being an actress!
Congrats on the speaking engagement at SXSW! Would love to meet you and get your thoughts on our web startup for families.
Its official I am on the FRESH PAIR OF NIKES TOUR. More info on tour dates comming soon.
Terrific discussion! Thanks to all &
Try using large thumbnail view for pictures. You can also use the Windows Fax Preview to view and delete pics.
I watch on a PS3 a lot. Wonder if it's only available on the website
We have two species: Those who want lots of people to follow them. And those who want to follow lots of other people. Which are you?
That's worse than taking the elevator up one floor!
At the Phoenix Expo. Way cool!
How's it? Don't know if you remember me but I wanted to send you some music, get your feedback.
I could just fall asleep !
A boss is a person guaranteeing we go'n Eat!
Take money TME the takeover illegal life style dropping on datpiff soon DM me for features
We will be at on Saturday to be presented with a charity cheque before kick-off. Give us a wave!
Too much time for Orton
Trying hard to figure out what this is, but I give up-what is it?
Dwight Howard was fasting!!!! So it was Jesus who told him to quit being an asshole
The Rocky Mountain Rollergirls won the National Championships in Chicago tonight! What a SPECTACULAR bout!
Nightcourt magistrate just OWNED the THP. They are returning to plaza immediately. "Public victory"
I agree: 2nd one
I asked for a slice of pepperoni pizza, they don't have any. I asked for a cheese slice, this bitch drops the last slice. Okay that's cool.
The male doves around our bird bath are strutting, all puffed up & showing off. It must be spring.
I kind of just want to hide under my desk and cry today. A few different reasons, none of them life altering. Sigh.
“If you try and take a cat apart to see how it works, the first thing you have on your hands is a non-working cat.” ― Douglas Adams
RT I realized tonight that I can't hug women who are smaller than me without feeling like a bull dyke. "let's keep warm!"
c'mon LADWP you can find it... it's an address you can't really miss... look for the Grove then look down...!!! there it is, c'mon
I got a,few feat check them put also,leave comments on YouTube please. Appreciate it. Means,a lot to me.
Who needs beats!!?? Text me now! 9018645762
4703 goes out to the realest because he's always down to make moves. No questions asked.
Anyone else disappointed that #Apple didn't announce plans to buy a continent with their $100b in cash? Stock buybacks, so 2000's.
He who laughs last, laughs best, unless Fat Albert also recently laughed.
will you have your cellular device as well? (:
lol you suck, I had bottles and everything!
Jeff Stone giving his concession speech in Milwaukee County Executive Race.
A great night out! First Tuesdays w The Midwest Independent Film Festival premiere LAC DU FLAMBEAU this Tues!
The remotes and backlit displays are a nice feature with LYNX. Thanks for sharing the video!
Thanks broseph. I will bat those eyelashes.
I was 6 or 7 " : To pierce or not to pierce: that is the question. What age is okay for little girls these days?
im faded man wasuyp?
Those hot coral nikes that are everywhere right now remind me of a cross between pepto bismol and spaghetti puke.
It's Unfortunate that People try to Ignore the Connection Between God & Astrology...
you are the best. :) thank you!
I'm DEVASTATED that #JulietSimms didn't win schubie...might have to call in tomorrow.
garlic and sea salt on sprouts are also delicious!!
Day 6 of the picc line, day 4 at work. And feeling much more like myself!
Happy New Year to everyone
Bravo ACPA Trailblazing writers, directors, & performers! Special thanks to actor James Duke Mason for his help in the production.
Mother's Day. Watching Mamma Mia with my niece
- thanks. Appreciate it
Def. think unbalanced schedule would make it easier for some teams. SKC only plays Sea, and LA just once.
RT tss, lol Pass my bitch around like a blunt, eventually ill hit that shit again. * Kanye Laugh *
good morning :-) please follow my new twitter
Thank you love:)
I guess ill go to the work house. I wish i had a way to relax more lol
Haha that last tweet.
I said that #geekdepression might be exacerbated by the fact that we have different priorities and world doesn't always appreciate that.
Lets go baby lets go!!!!!
my bed is gonna get it, goodnight.
Awesome person to follow…
Safe And Sound By Taylor Sw1ft Or hunger Games Parody 1 Wanna Go By W1nter Spr1ng...
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend
so it's official then... Chuck Colson has gone to be with the Lord... RIP. May the Lord raise up many more like him in this generation!
COME ON #NASHVILLE !!!
Where is the moment you needed the most. You kick up the leaves and the magic is lost.
hey can you email me your contact info at one of my reporters is working on an otakon story.
Here's authors/Fab Women & good 2know
That would be nice! To get to go on Ellen!! you will.. it will happen!
Hey Robinson! We love you here in Jerusalem!
It's good Grizz they came back on our ass, we gotta play better wednesday
I thought this was deep... "Your either a builder, or a destroyer" -from Russell Simmons Super RIch
Sad, but true. ": 10 year olds have a Blackberry, an iPad, a laptop & Facebook? When I was 10, I felt cool w my new markers."
Found out my friend is designing and working on her own line of clothing! So excited for her bright future!
I'm a flirt.
I give the 5 o'clock news an A+
a 6am phone call to me? haha
Mothersday tommorow going out to eat with my family
will return after his AFTRA lunch break LOL!
Thanks for the congrats --PC
:) is here 2 "encourage" us 2 B an uncomplicated woman. The ROAR from the W.I.L.D. women is awesome!
do you have an oovoo..?(:
me too!! Mine was a strapless and they made me leave I was pissed
staying home today. i don't feel good.
No. No. No. Who cut the feed? No. No.
What my texted me < ruined my damn day. -.-
It's going to be busy today!
Thank you Krista Blessed Fri ALL :)
i HATE the color purple, oh well sorry Justin Bieber but thats the UGLIEST COLOR EVER! Jus Saying
&: The elephant in the room is the giant flat-screen TV they gave us that we don't want. They don't understand not having a TV on purpose.
Good to have buddies with long history....brothas u know wont stab u up behind your back.
I saw a plugger on facebook with something up there and I saw you on twitter so I thought I'd ask.
Last day at el Centro!
I am not packing my camera for this trip because it has come to the point where my phone camera is better.
I run a small non-profit company that specializes in yelling obscenities at my neighbors after I've been drinking. Like to make a donation?
CLASS WARFARE: If min wage had kept pace with the rise in executive salaries (since 1990) the lowest paid workers would now make $23/hr
So according to Michele Bachmann our forefathers worked tirelessly to end slavery. Guess that's why they owned so many. Reeding b fundomenal
you need a picture
Probably good we skipped the walking museum tour today. Those were some nasty storms.
haha i'm here for you girly :)
There is something haunting about 's voice in "Dear God." You can almost feel the biting of anger and dripping sarcasm.
There will be another one too, I don't have any doubt.
~ Yo Bro, I know you're strugglin' Got to hv u look in to the benefits of Ganoderma Lucidum. Google it & u tell me! Prayers.
*"Is it bad," not "is it has." Stupid phone.
Steve would like to hear from you- give him a call today! 619.222.0119
we need to work on getting your stuff out here in Phoenix, Az
11408inc Vs. Common. Racial epithets and misogynist lyrics are the antithesis of 'helping people'.
Just let us see Jesus, and it will be enough. - Scotty Ward Smith
AGH. omfg. editing is so hard. :\
Horse names are freaking AWESOME. What would you name your Derby race horse?
Having you in my life has been more tears then smiles :( yet I don't have the courage to tell you to back off!!!.
What's the cure for a Murakami hangover?
Ladies Night is tonight!! Join us for our monster Tuesday night.
i never miss anything from you except your presence
MADISON, Wis. (AP) -- Russ Feingold is one of two WI residents tapped to serve as national "co-chairs" for President's re-election campaign
right! but I'm struggling the same. I think that rational arguments only get you so far when attempting to provoke change
My dreams are so perverted.
Driving in the rain on mountain roads of norCal. Reminisent Of british columbia.
Congrats on the new job!
Wait what again
Pretending to be important by taking Uber to SFO
wife packed me a good lunch today keeping it clean shes the best see her at her gym
hey girl! Let's get the waffle throw down in motion!
We're the only team that yells and1 for any shot
what's attendance been like this year outside of big games, like Heat?
I hate night. It's when I think about my biggest flaws.
Doris Lessing~ Laughter is by definition healthy.
Turkey dinner, rocking chairs on the porch with a cup of decaf, a few Seinfeld episodes, and a early bedtime. Thats a night at mom & dads.
I just want to go back to sleep..
I hope it provides a good service. :)
PRETTY LITTLE LIARS BITHCESS!!!!!
Sickest mash-up dj out there!
Rondo jumper for lead. CHUG.
was the ropes course...sounds like fun
Husband is back from Turkey tomorrow evening. I think Sunday is a perfect day for a book, some iced tea, and the beach. I hope he agrees.
Hospitals are not a fun place to be it feels like being in the show ER at some points
Just heard that Osama Bin Laden is dead!!
Versus Leviathan! and we WILL be doing interviews for both of them! Episode 4.7 will be out next week! Thanks guys!
yeah i had it for a while now n never gott it either but im just getting the hang of it...its kinda like tumblr
Hair is strong as a wire of iron. It rips after applying a force equivalent to 60kg, only after it stretched itself for about 70%.
Would like to know how much the S&P #downgrade was based on overall US #debt and how much was based on concerns re US govt decision making.
Dont let what you cant do stop you from what you can do !
Just how big is the beer that comes at the end of this day?
#YouKnowYouBlackWhen you use coupons for everything���
Wishing the best for and the #CMDT Fire team down at worlds!
thanks for the re-tweet...I am re-tweeting ur re-tweet
She here bro running around the house
Make that and tied
Getting a head is nothing but a joke. But everytime I close my eyes. I see myself in paradise. No more worry or stress all day. The world
I love how I always think I can study while my laptop is open...
Congrats to #brogan on new clients: Capital Consultants dbs C2AE
What would I do without !?!
I'm away off this now, night xo.
It's more your contributions to pornography that makes people think that.
No vandy #rites12 talk? Worse than on paper?
Ask tweets today will be in support of . Three points today guys. you can do it!
good luck to and all of the boys who are leaving
OH TYLER MOON YOU SEXY BOO♥
Perserverance u sweat under your armpits. Leadership you sweat on your brow.
If we are to have magical bodies, we must have magical minds. -Wayne Dyer
XL 2-top Pizza $9.99 OR 12pc Chicken Wings $9.99 (choice of sauce) but MUST GET COUPON @ Pizza Shuttle Facebook page, dine-in deliv or p/u!
There's a segment on Marketplace tonight about kids needing to be prepared for kindergarten to be successful later in life.
Use of the iPad is intentionally optional for the docents -
#pssst still ranks as a suggested follow for Betty White, proof she's not fully relevant again.
you're gone for a week and I've already forgotten how to tweet you.
Temp right now: 61 degrees F. This is how August weather is *supposed* to be!
hey! ohh nothing. what about you guys?
Basketball game at 2 then with family all day after
What sick bastard thought it was a cool idea to have the winner of #TheVoice try to sing a tune immediately upon winning?!??
Thank you for the follow Susan!
Already putting up the white flag? :)
where we meeting tonight?
does captain meetings mean the same thing that it does at pville?
i'll tell u wen im sure yu love me "/.
Trying to stay awake...
#Biggest #thunder #sound just woke me and my #roommates up. And I'm #twitting about this because... -_-
Thanks so much - we really appreciate that! If in LA, come check us out at Fringe Fest on Sun. is awesome.
Teach me how to dougie...
To be inspired is great, to inspire is incredible! What inspires you to be great?
La La Land Bound!
It was freaking awesome!! I'm addicted as well. Keeping hope alive that they bring me back. Thanks for following!
This girl is damn lying, Idgaf what she says toe anymore. She could just take her ass home
I hate when fucking people try to start fights. Like really? Stop lying about shit faggot.
i've been stuck w. some things :/ .
watched cabin in the woods sober... thoughts?...
If you think it means they keep bringing you pasta until you slip into a carb-induced coma then you are correct!
awww haha u should be spoiled :) u deserve it luvie! :)
Yea I used to watch those to until Audrina got cancelled
Believe me, that happens a lot. I've also found it common on the rare occasions that cold calls get through to me as an exec.
fumble in the redzone by rodgers that you recovered on scramble - killed me - oh and that TE route haha
nothing says proletarian solidarity like highly absorbent and easily disposable paper towels. Marx would be proud.
RT : Next Semester I'm Playing No Games !
follow BACK NA!
We help you keep decisions focused within the context of the vision, mission & strategy of the company.
could you follow ? Shes really upset just now and it would make her day 10+ better!
What a year this has been! We're very happy to hear that things are starting to pick up again. We're hoping for the best in 2012!
Easter Egg Sour- (layered) Amaretto, egg lemon orange whiskey sour, red wine. Delicious, nutritious, and pretty! $5 happy hour, $8 after.
A lot of fat guys have been walking past my house lately.... xD
Just got back from New Orleans. The city is doing much better. I'm a fan, especially after watching Kermit Ruffins on the #HBO show Treme!
I Want A Real Boy.. Who Isn't Afraid To Take Risk's With me.. <3
It’s Eadweard Muybridge’s #birthday today! Check out the nearly 1,000 images of his work in ARTstor, including seldom-seen landscape photos!
It is way too early to start thinking about fantasy baseball, but I can't stop myself
Thanks for the follow!
I always try for carry-on but even I noticed that its basically free to check a bag at the gate... always found it kinda funny
Not going to get attached to guys like in the past but I think I have feelings for you
Can y'all tell I'm annoyed
Lake Michigan is stunning tonight. Wish I'd brought my instagrammer with me. Bradford Beach is PACKED.
People with goals succeed because they know where they are going.. It's as simple as that. Earl Nightingale
The way to Manage a Skid in an Entrance Wheel Push Car ...
started friend season 1
When does "Turn It Down" become available for download on #Beatport?
Getting active tonight w/ & ;)
amen I live here now and that's all I hear for freaking excuses Katrina
Thnx for following(:
club penguin ;D i owe you that hehee:)
Note that NYTimes Travel Section never advises going anyplace where art is not abundant.
Don't get holly because it's Sunday,You should thank God everyday for your blessings
him leaving would have been all over tv anyway
Every 40 seconds a child is abducted, 74% of abducted children are dead within 3 hours
Hoping the day will go better
On my way to the exclusive press junket with the cast, producers & creatives behind the magic of Stay tuned !!!
Right on! Did you guys try dessert? Churros, Flan...?
Say that again homie!!!! RT : Kobe will be hated if he wins or loses. I guess 5 rings will do that to people.
At #ucla football practice and Jerry Rice shows up.
Im like the worst person in the world :( I screw up everything. I might of still had a chance but i messed it up.
Excellent. Thanks!
My entire street just erupted in cheers with 's home run. I love #hampden for this.
My phone is now autocorrecting "publishing" to "punishing" every time. Blast!
#Louwillville always puts in work
Theh ighlight of the David Hasselhoff Roast for me was watching awkwardly apologize to during the next set
#DWTS dang... Len Goodman just ain't satisfied tonight, is he? If you're not perfect, he'll tear into you!! Bad form sir!! Bad form!!
Been watching Toddlers and Tiaras all day. Cannot get out of bed. I am lazy
BBQ sunflower seeds -- yum! Watermelons this year are good too!
Dajanique needa keep her clothes on !!! 😷👎
I would argue that the last item is only significant in that it might correlate with higher levels of the former.
RT Layoff aversion emphasizes talent recapture--keeping skilled talent engaged in regional economy.
I did! I have seen her a bunch of times in MI when she with with Matt Kearney.
Google docs...create a google form where students can access and work just by sharing the link
Aren't you supposed to apologize when you make mistake? The #US did when it burned Qurans and now, talking heads say it was wrong. What??
For the second time now a hat I started the night with has disappeared
Triple chain gang you already know Mario, on my neck with Domo...(8)
Apparently I offended some bitches with my tardinal mothers tweet earlier. You should have done what UL does to UK...SWALLOW!
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
gawd that was so freaking boring! But I'll draw some up tomorrow!
you should see my shoulders. And my back,, looks like I have my track uniform on lol
we need to hang out
and what song may that be?
"guys be quiet I'm calling my mom!" person in background: "PASS THE WEED!"
Shouldn't everybody have a broadcast studio in the next cube over?
Ha! That's great, cause I can do German immigrant so well (although the smell of sauerkrat cooking sort of turns my stomach).
Peace and quiet..
Cameron Wake has signed a 4 year deal with the Miami Dolphins that guarantees him $20 million and potentially $49 million.
This bitch had the nerve to tell me the grizzlies suck?!
another broken water main in Hollywood?
Hun, You don't get it.
Mark malloy gets recognition - from ice about pub stats
- just released podcast, find at www.ponderingpoker.com or on itunes.
Bryce Harper making his debut with Strasburg pitching? As a baseball fan, this is as good as an April game can get.
why did you use the studio vocals for the mtt video? Their live voices are perfectly fine, if not better.
Ellen's such a fish out of water!
sure:) followed!
Im pretty sure work will win though
Having the HDCAM master made for San Diego Asian Film Festival today. Thank you "The Product Factory" of Burbank for the special deal. :)
Feel disconnected from the wars and why we're there despite living in NYC on 9/11 . . . can't believe news about the Seal team.
Cuddy comes thru! Its definitely a hit parade today
O's photo will miss you. Always so kind in the clubhouse over the years. Good luck! -Billie Weiss, Asst. O's team photog.
awesome post!!
of course you caught the best part.
Busy day! Took a cooking class, now getting ready to furniture shop with Ry for his new place!
A women's right to vote is just 100 years old in Oregon, A preview of a new exhibit in PDX Live on KGW.
is that the official spelling?
i hope you find it, what you're looking for, and i hope it's everything you dreamed of, and so much moree
We're in Dallas this Saturday (10/22) playing with … For all your post-World Series Game 3 listening needs.
Should I tweet, Facebook, or Google+ ... Hm?
Stocked for your tailgate? Perhaps a little pre-11 a.m. tailgate with us here at blue's?
When parents gather to talk about parenting we realize no matter where we come from we all benefit from talking together.
Google+ account, spotify account...it's been a good day #jurydutyisgreat and
You don't need chunks of time for workouts to reap weight-loss benefits. We set up a schedule that works for you, & watch the scale drop!
: Take women's lacrosse to the intercollegiate level!
Power shopping secret...big yummy breakfast at the Blue Star!
Phenomenal practice this weekend. Sounding better than ever, and we can't wait to show off what we've been working on!
Dress rehearsal tomorrow, then opening night Thursday. Olympic Village Black Box stage.
al fun
20% off Pre-Theatre Dining when you mention "PlayBill" at blu Restaurant. Call Soon!
ROFLMBO Now that's a show I'd watch!!!
Now that the Academy Awards are over it's time for my second fav event of the night the 2012 All-Star game!
Also having it stick out so the compartment can't be closed and walking away is not a good strategy.
One more cigarette before I hit the shower. Not enough sleep gives me an excuse to drag ass as I see fit.
Some bad apples in the church.
It's air conditioned - plenty of shade - much more comfortable for bargain hunting! ;)
oh, there you go. It's nickynay, or something like that -.- well I'll probably come over Saturday. \m/ If I'm invited.... c:
Love your bike!
don't have phone sex you will get hearing aids.
I had a ? 4 the reprace. If ur over 18 to play younger do you target the youth division agents or adult division agents?
Nice blog. You made a good point.
is turning out to be a great supplement to the deep library of music we listen to around the office. Awesome #A+R opportunities.
Woke up last Monday with nothing scheduled for the week and ended up having seven auditions, including some huge ones. What's next week?
my husband
Reunited and if feels so god
