in that case want to skype with me
That said, he is wrong that boxing was never popular. It & baseball used to be huge. What happened? Talent pool went dry
“: Ppl get so excited for their first tat that they get something completely ugly or stupid or both” Well mines wasn't lol
Happy Thursday all! Hope you have a great day!
is Celebration opening?
XD My longest was 96k, but the rewrite ended up closer to 80k. I'll probably cut a lot of this, too.
Sometimes I wonder; how many other girls he is texting while he's texting me.
Word up! --> "Give up the good. Go for the Great!"
thank you!
Zoned out
awe you made my day (:
hey Austin!! How was your day today? Please RT or reply :)
Junior chill boi I dont want Pedro looking for you
you'd think if they cared, they would've went to the old studios and done it from there
Cause even in the dark, baby I’m a shine bright. I'm way too gone, the best night of my life
I'm gonna git you sucka
Are you ready for Comps? Info session today and tomorrow at 12pm.
My great birthday: Two naps, fun with Daring Adventure Baby, and early dinner in Porter Square.
sexting in suburbia was fantastic. Great plot twists. I highly suggest it.
thanks again for having me in. Had a great time with your students. Smart, lively bunch.
#Mifflin2012 is still open
Anyone have a house or twnhouse for rent northland kcmo less than$1100 & allows pets? I have a friend who's looking.
if punter is that good, he could play in NFL 4 15 years. Punter is guaranteed starter. getting starter round 3 is pretty good.
Wait did that status include where I am?
Michelangelo's famous marble Statue of David weighs more than 6 tons and stands a proud 17 feet tall. How's that for #DIY?
Finished watching replay of the Australian open final. Incredible display of stamina & athleticism. There were no losers
It is WTF? Wednesday today at Club Anything!! You know what that means? 25cent tap beers!
thank you for having us! Had a great time!
Reading 'Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations' by Clay Shirky...How social media transform group action.
I have a free day on Sundays..so I am thinking of taking handgun classes to finish of my Lara Croft imitation. LMAO!
I will : ) please give Stanley a hug from me
Good effort today for Time for some rest and prep for third round
Thanks for the RT! Much appreciated!
ok now that was dirty
texting while driving. I think.
Voter number 149, Willow Springs Township, Wisconsin. One election they only had 9 votes counting the 4 polling ladies!
who stole your #marbles?!
I was displeased with last nights episode. Did they start shooting the show in a new/weid way? Not enough
get me 2 plane, to amsterdam ill go! but I am from California, where the good Kush is! lol
To start off the birthday bash we hailed cab number 666. Please keep us safe tonight baby Jesus.
you & me both!!
Concurrence means that the guilty mind (mens rea) and guilty act (actus reus) occur together for a crime to have taken place.
Thanks for the follow, we are dorks too!
Thanks for the coverage on the blog today!
thats what you think
haha. Already know. What's good mane?
Life aint no joke. Its real. Its not reality. Live Life And Learn It Right. Either you go the right way or wrong way thats how it goes.
i gave you a shoutoutt! i hope someone follows you(:
Yeah of course. Managing...hm are we talking school, personal, social, all the above?
#WeWontWork if I can't make you laugh.
is producing two client videos -- one aimed at audience in Australia, the other a kickoff video for client's 2011 international operations.
Great job to both sides! Alumni came out on top, but if #MURFC can keep up the numbers and intensity all season it should be a great one!
Lol. Fish is playing above the rim according to my friend Brian in the game, fish made quads for a 30k pot, in total steamroll mode
#Stocks end mixed. Strong earnings bolster the #Dow, which gains 75 points. #Nasdaq slips 0.3% after weak #Netflix results
Talkin bout cryin did anyone peep that UGLY SMURFS expression when she didn't when dat grammy! She is a JOKE!
You're gonna love em! Shoot us a tweet when you do, your first half dozen is on me!
": All I ever see is palms out asking for help all the time. Its rare to see people offering a helping hand."
oh really!???
Welcome to the
Great adventures with the cast and crew on the I AM GABRIEL set yesterday. Mike Norris you are a nut.
Its My
"Sell in May and go away" MAY HAVE A DEEPER MEANING THIS YEAR........
OMG the whole world has gone to sleep on twitter too. Okay then, good night.
#roadron #sportingkc So loud and proud!
Praying the office internet connection will go down so Crazy Co-Worker will stop insisting on showing everyone the "Friday" video. Yeah.
My dad's gonna be falling asleep at the pulpit tomorrow, he is still cleaning from joy prom.
‎"Aim for the head!" ~ NICOLE MILANO
Will b closed today. Im too sick to serve you wonderful customers
OPENING NIGHT OPENING NIGHT for Romeo&Juliet. A curtsy to The best mother daughter couple I know. Break your legs
Oh thanks!
Meow pika meow
the most overrated QB and team in the league. And I'm a Cowboys fan.
St. Elmo's...and get the shrimp cocktail!
My Tummy Is Taking Too Loud... Smh
Just discovered the FX show The League...I'm in love...
I hate when you send a long message and you get a one word reply.
you know I do :-) I'm attracted to beautiful eyes, light brown skin and long sexy hair!
Blake and Kaitlyn went and tracked the final vocals this morning for "For a While" and "Mr. D" in Studio A
Really hope i can square away this vaction time! I want beach time!
Its nice to see that nice people prevail CONGRATULATIONS
Kelly clarkson , I love you...
If you want5 a shoutout tweet ne :)
lol never been this excited for a monday before/
Just got whip out the shop today, thinkin bout tmrw. U there?
RT : Oh yes! The Cornerstone of Enlightenment. Preach it : Caffeine....the foundation of consciousness.
twas a joke
Thank you! I agree--I would love to sing bigger projects. So glad we connected here!
#Director Sam Mendes Video Blogs From Bond Set -- I'll have to find that...post it if can.
ShoutOut to the #Squad !!!
Hopefully I'll just get you&me time soon.
that's the mindset....
Gonna try today without pills
FB followers interact with ya girls send us your topics for discussion....today we are discussing FB groups!!!!!
good luck this weekend in pomona hope to see ya beat your dad
Preparing for the auditions on Saturday, should prove to be interesting. My hope is that we are able to cast all roles.....will let you know
Palin pulls a Palin. But she does want to run. But maybe she will run if she doesn't run,if she decides to run,which will make her not run.
Oh. You mean it tastes bad, not that it phyically hurt your tongue. You see my confusion, right?
the only fruit you dont eat while looking at someone.
I got asked for my ID to buy Tylenol. Wtf I'm sick
I though Cena might be sad bc of what's goin on with him, but he definitely didn't seem sad! (:
Let's start a list! Unite.
I'm THE fake one, and I don't get no shoes or nothin for it. I can tell who the best one is by lookin at number of followers.
For all who have been wondering.. Roots is working with the "family farm" in the town of grafton. Just planted 100 melons. M..
Deltas better do a car wash, sell candy bars
The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude. -William James
No Wifi at Dallas airport?
what a gal! haha, well hope you get better soon!
AWW! How cute?! Love you too! <3
I just like everything LOUD!
I think I've gotten myself into something I can't get out of.
Yes! RT : "Dissatisfaction is a symptom of ambition. It's the coal that fuels the fire." -Mad Men
REMINDER: is coming in June right after the launch of #BBUK. You won't want to miss the live debut.
Yeah my friends from DC came to visit & I took them to it. Remember Mark Meranta my former intern? We're best buds now.
good to know! I feel like I have to pay close attention because of their accents!
Every time the weather is bad people sarcastically say how they 'love' Cincinnati weather, like it rains in other places to ya know
Very nice RT : Happy Hour Specials 4pm-9pm: $1 Coors Light Draft, $1 Captain Lawrence Draft, $15 Draft Beer Pitchers
I feel like I'm stuck in this life forever..
Well, Brewers didnt get it done today! Too bad..... Time for a nice dinner aftet bitching for 2 hrs abt Brewers inabilities
any tips learning the power snatch variations. Im horrible at the crow, struggle w/ getting my arms ext at the top
He was that bad huh? Going to the doctor is the worst :-/
... But whatever happened to Jesse Camp?
Q. Where is everyone reading about Sasha??
That sums up the season so far: César Izturis just hit a ball TOO hard.
Phillip Phillips singing Volcano = perfection.
really awkward conversations with my science teacher while he's on his bike.
you are amazing!!! and #twilightlicious :)
New book from my former professor and forever mentor, David W. Carr. Open Conversations: Public Learning in Libraries and Museums.
I miss I hope I see her soon!
The California Coastal Commission's "Labor of Love" = Blatant disregard of the private property rights of coastal residents
home and ready to grill
I forgot how much fun I have talking to performer and production celebrities on
Catching glimpse of was best part big fight last night
Apple should really go into making sappy movies. Every time I watch a new product launch video or commercial I get teary-eyed!
I miss her soo much! and I need to hang out soon!
At work, passed my PRT, I'm out of breath, I hate you all...omg...having trouble breathing...sea air is no joke
This halloween I went as an Angry Larry Bird. Some people got it and the rest were girls.
Can you get gear from any of the vendors in the Watchtower?
Getting my taxes did by She's so amazing!
We should have had an awesome weather drill instead where they make us go outside bc it's too nice out to stay inside
#liber2011 Types of digital content: simple/complex, rendered/ non-rendered, static/dynamic. Different set of problems for each.
they are everything that I've ever wanted in a relationship.
Lost power at work. I've got nothing to do.
We just want to make this #ala11 experience so positive for everyone!
Rode 65 miles this AM. ALMOST missed the road races, PT runs, exercise teams and dog parades. Looking for the road less traveled.
you know you've vocalized your obsession w/ a movie when you get double digit texts within moments of its Oscar victory! Congrats The Cove!
I've been trying to get the higher ups to send me to our London offices for years. No luck :(
Awww :-) RT They will take good care of each other Gemini and Cancer
Google your mate’s interests to find some great gift ideas.
That's that bullshit right there im talking about
Kimi is doing. Good. To day. Good luck!
Trees have doppelgangers.
absolutely, Sports Cowgirl.
My respect for just doubled. Thanks for having back! :)
can I borrow 1500 dollars lol
"Valid cues to nervousness is not the same as valid clues to lying" what do you look for in a corporate investigation?
#DragRace latin pit crew boy is a hottie...
Great tips! Thank you. I'll let you know how it goes once I try it out.
The browns strive to have a fully integrated marketing plan with a strong focus within social media
badgers killin it shooting 73%... can they keep it up?
$50? what a bitch.
Happy Nurse Appreciation Week! Nursing is an art: and if it is to be made an art, it requires an exclusive devotion as hard a...
Best paki food ever at himalaya!!! Super tasty. Highly recommend!
Chicava and the rest of the gang -have fun in Miami! So jealous, I'm sure the show will be brilliant! xoxo
is seriously in the USA right now.
Thankyou for another great day God(:
This election cycle we need to vote #problemsolvers into office at the #county #state & #national level...we need solutions not name calling
thank you. that makes my heart warm with debilitating pain...in the best way possible.
How soon will wireless operators run out of capacity? SAN FRANCISCO--Will the nation's wireless operators run out of spectrum within the
Just saw your appearance on THE VIEW. Keep fighting sir! The kids need you!! I for think your a hell of a dad!!
New camping stuff and fishing gear :)
I've actually found chess strategies very useful for fighting in my tae kwon do class. It is a fascinating body of literature.
yup!! its just like that.. guess this is how its supposed to be lol.. about to head back home for the day.
Yes, I agree 100%! I love The Bangles rendition of that song!
Now day who really des niggas be actionn front
SPORTS CITY CAFE MESQUITE SHOWING IT $10 COVER CHARGE...
If Mila Kunis is going to play Meg on Family Guy, I think they could've at least made her attractive.
Silly Phone dat wasn't a 'missed call' dat was a 'looked & saw who it was and pressed ignore' call''
If there's something I can't explain well or I like to being reminded of on a daily basis, I want it tatted .
Well, maybe a sequel to Return To Middle C 25 years from now. In the meantime, I am working on a thriller series. :)
CAMC HEALTH SYSTEM | For useful health-related information, follow
can't wait to get back to Georgia in the fall. Never miss a chance to stop there.
you stalking my tweets?:O
#1OfMyFlaws I give my honest opinion no matter the situation
Miike Snow and Chairlift tickets bought today. Good day for the
A most excellent idea! I shall take a journey to the freezer. I made some homemade lime ice cream.
Amen! I'll be stalking the store here to see when one is installed.
Can I get a birthday shoutout/follow? ;) it's on thursday
TT's baby Molly ( )
What a long ass day ... Night
me too. Hendo one. Got my alarm set for 715am. Blagh.
Gahh, i hardly use this account anymore :O
sigh. I was really hoping for more Disney paintings...so much to write about!!!
been up since maybe 5ish this morning and it's 6 now, still up when i should be in bed sleeping :/
The Rock-fire Explosion! I would def. recommend watching the documentary on Netflix if you can. Very nostalgic.
Shorty, you a dime ;)
"Mr. Brown Goes to Washington"
drink tea and water and juice, sleep lots, watch horror movies
Bennett calls the option to take the state's phantom money "a bogus option" Yeah, and one #SDUSD took
We will! MT : Looming 3pm question: Will my colleagues join me in a mini dance session to ?
Yeah Sara!
We are giving away $30 off of a purchase to one person today! RT this for your chance to win!
It might be more attention when you are out together
Finished the day in LA working with a start up, second day: guiding tenet design, product lifecycle process workflow, elearning map, and ?
Grilli gets the job done.
Of course! We hope you're having an amazing Friday! :)
way premature, but if Stu Pomeranz earns a shirt, consider this a request for a "Disco Stu" design.
Oh yay. he went. when my mom comes out and has money. prick.
I enjoyed #riptherunway great designers and models. Made me miss the runway! All about photography now....LOVE IT!
Joesph Addai signing is a good pick up for the #Patriots! Probably means Faulk is done in NE...
Everyone and their sister is headed to the beach today
Heaven's IT department just got a lot better. RIP Steve...
Nigga asked me y I rock the 89.99 paid of levi's to work and to play, nigga cuz my bread and hustle game been strong
Here's an explanation even you, a Purdue grad, can understand: Your coach played dirty and cheated, now your team is tarnished.
WTF, where did the sun go?
Apparently the word is a trademark registered with the federal government.
Thinking on my feet even when I'm off them.
That song you cant take off repeat.
Let's hope they spring for seedless at the picnic :)
Great show tonight! Soo much love in the A! Just got back to the room. Bout to T.A.P. wit ! Back to the M tom Fo #HP!
Initiate one-one communication, student to instructor
Sweet! Help me ID my livingroom and bedroom.
I turn to you jesus
Hear me spit on you, wither I remold into gold and bury I from sun
All the #linsanity is making me hungry.. Today's breakfast: Linstant Oatmeal... After work, a possible Lin & Tonic.
Not 1, but 2 trolley shows being released tomorrow.
It changed my life.
You know you're on the #easternshore when an elderly man sneezes into a napkin and leaves his handiwork on the bar, right in front of you
City staff answering questions from CM Spelman, saying that the calculations for AE tree trimming very complex
good morning
we could flume down, and portage back up?
but of course they are.. Why should today be any different..
OK. Need some strong tea. Channeling spirit of and workaholism in general.
for wood. So~ idek dude.
Send da Hottest Productions / Beats to
It's really 4am
Never regret anything that has happened in your life. It cannot be changed, undone, or forgotten so take it as a lesson learned and move on.
hey Oberlin College!
Making #bigdata applications real (time)
EYE AM BACK MUCH LOVE & EYE THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR SUPPORT! SEAN
Goodnight twitter followers.
Pirates play the Marlins (away) at 7:10. Yesterday they won 3-2 over Houston. Watch it on ROOT.
its the twilight aroma
people are stupid. we all make mistakes, keep your head help high girl! <3
Whew bkb championships over! Big thanks to , , , , & for the help!
Looking fwd to it. See you on May 22!
I think I'm gonna change my approach to dealing with defense lawyers - often I try to respect their desire to speak for their client....
That one guy that won't criticize me and can let me be my good ol natural self.
Most people just didn't get John Carter. Too manly. Indecision on modernizing it didn't help.
Little bummed to miss meetup on April 26th featuring But super stoked I'll be in NYC for 's wedding!
Grads get a standing ovation at #SPHgrad!
true...needs to be dealt with by fifa...video review after matches where fines/cards/suspensions imposed
thanks so much for the retweets!!!
yes. it was so dumb, especially after the last game at camp nou. its obvious Messi still has a good relationship with Pep
We will be recording our first album this year!
ma son act like dem sweet tarts on TV lol
chillin' with peeps@ Buzz Bakery in Alexandria!
someone is feeling fierce today, a bit cocky too! Im surrounded by this behavior. Ugh! Lol
Who is watching this CUBS game?
I'm not saying I did terrible things last night but satan just woke up on my couch and he won't make eye contact with me
And... I will come out and the car will look like a scene from Jackie Brown.
Thank you so much, if you have any questions please feel free to ask :)
that is AWESOME!
Great to Steve Goldberg, not the wrestler either, this morning.
Group Class Contest 4/16/12 to 4/21/12: The person who attends the most classes this week wins a Upward Motion PT water bottle! Sweat on!
sure. I am game. What time is good for you?
she just better make sure she's on tomorrow at the same time as us. you'll see what will happen and ill continue seeing ur immature side
Damn It Feel Like I Gotta Throw Up 😞😥
to talk to them and then he comes across as creepy or they see him with our sister Bessie...
what if the answer to your dreams came down to the removal of stress and fear in your life
okay , don't let ha forget !
hahaha never leave us again Raff. You brighten my day...which is ironic cuz you're such a darkbutt.
Gilt learnings: 1. Design for each device. #2 Optimize for weekends and downtime 3. Speed, stability, scalability matter.
My boyfriend is singing don't stop believing to me over the phone. Oh my god.
lol baby you're such a dork I love it and also yo a$$ <---- cash money lol x3 <3
22 players in our tournament so far today. $140 buy in ($125/15). Late registration available until 1:40 pm.
poor Evelyn she does need her privacy. Her X doesn't need to know her business. An X should remain an X.
Thinking about China for my SSLE project #772sp11. I'd like to teach there one summer.
What's worse? 5 years of an average "elite" goalie or 5 years of an "elite" interchangeable cap crippling closer?
Thanks for the
Pajamas before 6 pm. Yes, please.
Breaking News : Albert Pujols just hit a Homerun ! #FINALLY :D !
u wanna know something... sunburns hurt like a BITCH!! im not enjoying this :( fuck the sun
When every other subject feels much too loaded, talk about hair, cupcakes, disco or gardens. This is my motto and I'm sticking to it.
Lifting up all college students taking exams and looking for summer jobs
I hate sundays.
Can you split the coax cable and have both modems connected? I may be able to make the SB6121 works.
Crazy that every single game in Caps/Bruins series was decided by 1 goal. That's a NHL record.
For-profit health insurance companies have a fiduciary responsibility to make money for their stockholders, not care for the sick.
that would be tons of fun! Trying to get this done soon, though... and everyone would probably get annoyed with me :)
Roaches are some of the eldest organisms on earth.
yea I'm 100 bra wats good wit u
I'm all for sending Newt Gingrich, on a rocket ship to the moon!!! Maybe he believes that we can mine swiss cheese there???
Seriously. RT : Dear Captcha, i am not a bot but even i can't understand your hand-writing. You desperately need to work on it.
A few of my favorite eateries in #pdx:
#StaySwole RT : It takes twice as long to lose new muscle after you stop working out than it did to gain it.
Page 11 of 366...I have a feeling it's gonna be good!
You is kind. You is smart. You is important. <3
"Leaving" turned 10 years old on the 7th
Hey,So,What's up?,Did he type back? Did two more people like the page and said I sent them? Please answer!!! :D
Grilled flatbread with confit lamb, white bean, fromage fort, smoked tomato & oregano
Did you know:Organ contains 4,530 pipes ranging in length from size of a pencil➔32ft? & free wkly concerts performed since 1917?
YO FOLLOW BACK BLOOD !
We need more players before it's going to work at all! But if we can find them, definitely will explain as much as I can.
*LIKE* RT : I want to study abroad in England the 2nd semester of my Sophmore year...GOING to make that happen!
my body is aching :(
Question: Was Shaun Kemp, in certain ways, better than Karl Malone? Did Kemp mean more to the Sonics than Malone, to the Jazz?
Defeat is not the worst of failures
When the person sitting next to you I class farts and your like really?
The people that support the charity behind the kony video are the same people that support by buying his music
UR looking at Boobies what's not to understand. Put on the captions and see what you get.
How have you been?
You got right.
ROCK ON!!
It's been a hard week for our Active Military. www.PatriotSafe.com is now offering 25% off the price you see on their website for any item.
Sending rejection notices to job candidates. We had so many amazing candidates I wish I could hire them all.
so cool! had no idea! Where is the farm located?
I love the pink bow sticking out of that hat!
We love because it's the only true adventure.
Cleaning up your tweets one at a time. Call Team Go or visit us online @ teamgocleaning.com
You should talk to John or Jay but he already said in a previous status we cannot meet anyone for tickets the day of the show.
It's a little sad that new Cameron Crowe movies still have to be sold as "from the director of Jerry Maguire".
"who could love a girl with the name Beezus..." "Jesus"
we only went on the ferris wheel and it was just like any other ferris wheel ever lol
- Stephanie - I almost did it this morning. And chickened out. LOL I'm building my stamina - slowly but surely.
Inspiring Affirmation! I wrote it down!
Badgers get a 4* QB commit this week! B'z is one heck of a recruiter!
lol it's true!
which episode of Law and Order were you on? it plays nonstop down here and i want to see the one you were in. xxo
I DVR & listen to every new program. Just wish you would schedule proper start and stop times. Please.
people who never talk to you except to ask incessant questions about schoolwork <<<<
she looks like she creamed in her panies and doesnt know what to do!
Thanks Mindel! RT : Break another leg tonight!
Gotta download hell of songs
he was checking to make sure someone was writing notes on their laptop and when he walks over he goes "OH. OMY. GOSH. porn" LMFAO
I'm toying to reconcile them here lol
NMEFCU has one
I LOVE YOUR PICTURE <333333
Dumbo Poreotics coming to Vietnam TODAY! Are you ready?!
My mother was checkin out more girls then me at church she said"look at this girl next to ya"she was a lezbian
next weekend wit details. Lol. Tickets will prolly be cheaper!
Volunteering at Cyber Cafe & being involved with Civic Engagement group for senior advocacy. In 7th heaven.
I played both but mostly the d20 version.
Good to hear! We'll stop in this week and report back.
Check out if you're looking to combat those holiday LB's! He's offering $100 off every package so now is the time!
updating my Monster.com profile
Jon Budmayr is at Mayo Clinic this week to get a second opinion
I can't even begin to express how much I adore you. It's too freaking much :)
I dont know why you wont even talk to mee.
Shopping away on VS and got to my cart...$430...um....closed that browser FAST!
Not even Shock Waves?
A big thank you for apologizing. Some of the replies think it's no big deal, but words do hurt. UR awesome to respond
17 year old just headed to the river with "the boyfriend". Should I be worried?
If You Have 69 In Your Twitter Name, You Officialy Want Attention For Being "Thirsty"
“: I really wish I was better at golf. I get invited to 20 outings a year. And I suck" - you and me at the range for an hour
Thank you for joining us. We're glad you had a great time and we hope to see you back soon!
no. That's been done like a thousand times. Just no.
Thank you so much for the #FF!
as a collective we are doing alright. Why are you feeling bleh?
how many classes do you have
Love how IU fans are upset. Act like trash when we're in town, don't be surprised when we treat u like trash. Lol, "rivalry". Cute.
Are niall and ali dating or what??
Being early has its benefits my butt is firmly planted in 2nd row w/ direct sight line to Tim. Score!
When will they make a new movie whose pitch doesn't include "it's like (so and so) meets (so and so)" - remember originality?
Doesn't seem possible. The last weekend before school starts. Now where exactly did the summer go?
Hittin the city with moe today, &&& then tattoo time :D
ps I love your new site
WELL sorry. Deal with it. And because I don't shut up.
Pretty good chance that if you go to the depot tonight and eat food from the dude, will win tomorrow against those aggies!
Former NFL great Junior Seau has died.
point for Seth. Come on Beckett!
You can't bullshit a bullshitter.
lol some f*cks, cant do something nice, without expecting something in return
Is 's The Sandman series "appropriate" for a 13yo? Seem to remember someone saying it got really dark/disturbing...
Quote of the night from Norm "What a fag" haha
Free promotion? Get more for yourself at the site on my profile. You will thank me :) do you follow 4 follow?
what do u think about clean coal?
#imhappiestwhen I'm making music! Let me know what you think of my latest music video: www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaDEqEs6dD0
Join us for lunchtime power pilates today! New clients: 1 week free of unlimited group classes. $79 monthly membership!
and welcome to #NARIP's twitter world
And Kobe & The Lakers will never be like Jordan & The Bulls
Hahahaja Chris Tillman! Holy cow good to hear from you! See aren't UBS I asked?
Good morning! Have a blessed day
I once kissed Justin but his lips tasted like posters for some reason. I wonder why.
Can you come down to Mississippi to shape my story?! Major block.
Tryna play temple run and unlock my phone at the same time ...
Happy Valentines Day!
april fools?
hi!!!!! I just wanted to ask if you have ever been to Georgia. Love ur acting by the way!!!!!!Hoping to get a follow!!!!
Lol my little sister is conceited.
this is where the "mythical man-month" may be instructive…….
What is working to drive paid subscriptions for digital only? Content is king. Content=eyeballs=advertising.
well, I'm jealous :/ good for you
performing arts guide is excellent. The Top 25 arts org list is intriguing. The size, budget and makeup of orgs might surprise you.
Just had a conversation with my dog. I need a girlfriend.
RT : RT : Tami is too freaking grown to act like that...what a joke...smfh!
No one's on this road but us. O.o
My wifi is not working out right now!
Where you been?
Stop holding on to what hurts and make room for what feels good!
How to Save Money on School Lunches Could not connect to SQL server.
don't think it's a smart move for them?
Thanks for da follow!
When did you meet Alex for the first time?!?!? ;)
Mark Ruffalo redeemed The Hulk. #Avengers Great casting!
thank you for the #FF Jessica! Have a wonderful weekend.
If you're in downtown for the Museum of Cont Art's TNT event - make sure to stop in and try our famous Dulce de Leche cake afterwards!
We are touring the Scotish Rite theatre!
Tomorrow's walk home is probably going to suck.
Like seriously. This isn't right.
nice, i love yo beats man
haha I'll tell her next time we talk. She'll laugh..... Lol.
you guys are awesome!!!! jb your my inspiration, kim and katy your mentors, ryan is ...
ur not a boy
@ Dan Sileo isn't Jimmy Raye the guy that took the bullet for Mike Singletary in San Fran for the lack of offense?
a cashier at a pokerroom kind of sounds like an awesome job though.
you look pretty :)
Thanks I checked out your work and site last week. You have a amazing portfolio
Typing 'lol' when your face shows less expression than a brick.
I got a great idea for you. Get an iPhone (;
Got my sweat on this morning!! #fitnessnyc #run10k # fitfluential
Dunkin' D's and then a stalk around the lake. Took her bowling last year... You know what, I don't want to talk about that.
IBuildApp does not work is what I mean
My tummy hurts :\
“: Don't forget #SUPERmoon Saturday Isn't it eggciting ?” I can't wait!
To be counted in the world's richest 1%, you only need to earn 34K/yr Planet's true middle class lives on just $1,225/yr (CNN)
one can download mega-amounts of data, though most of the plants are inedible.
Open from 11am - 10pm today. Come say hi.
nice won eve kelly kelly
Not quite. I've got about 5 southern states to go...
thanks for the
We love it!
HE THINKS IM HACKING HIS ACCOUNT!!! I WAS LIKE WHAT!!!!!
You're impossible.
Fingers crossed that it's an announcement for "Footloose 2: Willard's Revenge"...
it's a run-walk, I enjoy it!
Hey CBS: If you want Katharine McPhee as a Tony presenter you can't have her because she's...IN TECH!
YOU KEEP YOUR LIVER-SPOTTED HANDS OFF MY BEAUTIFUL MOTHER; SHE'S A SAINT.
Sometimes I think people are talking about the primary...then it turns out to be Dancing With the Stars.
Who? Newt was the only Conservative running.
How do you feel about Prince leaving Milwaukee?
is SJP dressed as the statue of liberty?
hope you're not one of those people that wonder why they're tired in the morning. :-D
Lost World of Wonders is the only comic shop in Wisconsin with a John Cena cardboard cutout watching over its crazy table of deals.
would you be interested in partisapating in a CV-Moderator related project? 12 of the 15 Mods have agreed...let me know -ThePoet
If you send an email to we will make sure your message is directed appropriately.
Kettle's on. Plenty of hand-wrapped and ribboned 6 packs to go filled with Portland's Best. Put a smile on someone's face with this gift.
In NYC @ Judy Garland Broadway show, made a TrainWreck look like a minor fender bender.Let's just say she veered from the yellow brick rd.
Times of testing are times of training, purification & strength building. The testing of my faith produces perseverance.
He is bearing others' blame because while many others did it, only he got the attention. Means he had no way of knowing this was
looking thru graphics to choose for my upcoming book.
Users create more content in 1 day than media does in a year.
Funny how last Friday when I started to feel sick I thought it was nothing and I would be fine the next day. Never underestimate the flu!
I'm listening to Team of Rivals from on my #iPhone. Great book about Lincoln.
#love is fuckin awesome!
I just got followed by an escort service... Have I made that many single guy tweets? Or do I just seem like a guy who has to pay for sex?
Brevity. But #optimized is crucial to success in
I don't get guys these days -.-
I hear your heart cry for love, Then you act like there's no room. Room for me, or anyone, "Don't Disturb" is all I see. - The Wanted
Thanks for participating & tweeting! RT : Great #socialmed session for #nonprofit with and Thanks!
we all wrk no play... So wats up leggo...
Whether people love you or hate you, you're still gonna shine!
See you soon! “: Right there with you! I'm so excited also!”
I wonder if being a ninja would pay well.
diss. advice: figure out when you write well and how long you can do it.
Screaming at the computer to work like a maniac... And not realizing it
Crap dude I just found out #billiondollarmovie is playing at the Belcourt at midnight!
Friday's offbeat workplace humor. Sign on Office managers door "The beatings will continue until morale improves"
Watchin belly wish dmx never fell off
I'm inspired to write a command line app to pull and post twitter messages using Perl. Never been a fan of user interfaces.
#ILovePastryBecause their clothes & shoes have some serious #EPIC #SWAG!(:
Watch the #UFC tonight at Brass Monkey West Allis or on all 8 Big Screens at #Milwaukee's newest southside spot Brass 2 at 700 East Layton!
yes<3 i cant wait im probobly gonna cry thinking its already been a yearr
"Better to live one year as a tiger, then a hundred as sheep."by Madonna Ciccone
thanks for writing a really cool blog!
In the site BlogingABDC has the highest votes, with 37% of the people voting for them as the best performance last week! :D
Have you been to Greece, ? Any tips for Athens, Santorini or Thessaloniki?
I hate presentations, they're always so time consuming
please follow me!:)
You dont Love me...you dont even know what that Is
I'm just going to close my eyes and blast Florence + the Machine on my iPod until I'm convinced this day is not happening
HAHHA. no.. I haven't even freaking STARTED my HW. hahahaha I'm screwed
I too turn to Girl Talk when I need to get shit done.
#kodm When we talk about models we are talking about several things, a technology that allows us to build and what we build.
Duly noted! Now following
The students have spoken, the only thing needed to make us perfect is
welcom to twitter! :) following you now :]
I am craving cereal!!!
lol ur the only person that would tweet somebody that doesnt use twitter! #MuchLove <3 don't forget 2 follow me! :)
The Regional Initiative Grant (RIG) panel in the Arts Operating Support (AOS) category for Region 7 will begin at 10:00 a.m.
Horrible start to a horrible day. Well at least I have my tea.
Two great wins on the road! Two more on the road and then back home February 12!
cliche? writing online dating profile and listening to celine?
Senate adjourned and will meet for pro forma sessions until Monday, April 16.
RT : who is going to find the link between racism and neanderthal DNA.. // good question!!!
the best picture
- Always buy tickets sooner than later to avoid disappointment! (This one actually went on sale back in Sept...)
Never a dull moment.
haha Hey! How are you? :D
So perhaps Bibi is simply calculating that co-opting Kadima is better than going for a potentially killing electoral blow.
you always have crazy tweets
RT: why do many co's only respond to cust yelling, blogging, tweeting, etc.?
enjoying life :-) & listening to !!! thanks so much for having her video*the look*on your web site :)
- great dinner tonight at Roberto's in Sunshine, LA. Thanks! Connect w/
waking up <yawn> sounds like the rain in LA has finally stopped.. our houses aren't meant for this stuff lol
To the new FB arrivals, welcome aboard the Drunk Train. Woo woo! I just shit my pants.
I was practicing Giant Steps
You too!
It's Kings time
S/O to Cleveland! Am I right?
Graduated from the school of debt.. learn it yourself first
Tonight's Special: 1/2 lb. Sirloin Patty, Bologna Bacon, American Cheese, Dijon, Mayo, Lettuce and Tomato on a Kaiser Roll w/ Side!
Somebody stop him!! :-) “: ...pressure that is, of playing the greatest of all time!!!!!! #wordfeud #okimdone”
you're getting the hang of it!
what's sat? I'm so outta touch. Not with myself... I touch myself a lot... Therein lies the problem. #SharingIsCaring :))
100 years from now, I wonder how 9/11/01 will be remembered.
if you say "emasculate" enough out-loud, it sounds like a word that would be used in a Sex Ed. class.
OMG!!!! What a great start to the new season of Criminal Minds! Poor Hotch! I've watched it at least 4 times already, and can't keep it out
The weather has me in a funk but all in all had a great weekend with the beautiful thanks for everything and glad ur better
I Wanna Go See "Project X"
#SometimesIWonder why the hell am I watching Wendy Williams
is that the state of television? Or just the current experience?
Swallow my words, taste my thoughts, and if it's too nasty, spit it back at me
S/o to for being my fav people of the night :)
I need to get some new followers it seems that just #porn people are following me. Help. Haha
Is having a great morning!
You can't google context
Photoshoot with none other then "The White" whom writes with light! We are going to eliminate the SF sky!
I make myself laugh. ;3
We just updated our profile on Angie's List. If you are a consumer memeber, search us by our phone numeber (414) 332-9393!
can't wait for episode 7 on Sunday!!
Tantric Satin Ties Eye Mask @ www.kandizone.com
whats good man? long time no speak how's everything?
My mom wants to just control.veryrhing in mu effing life
I smell like checkered flag and chicken
salute to the 2012 #Graduates LIVE YOUR DREAMS salute to the moms, granny's, and families supporting and behind whatever their Dreams are.
Sex is a part of nature...I just go along with it
Bored in Grand Central... Writing fake love letters and leaving them in various parts of the station.
LOVE Is like Heaven but hurts like HELL.
I'm making a power point presentation to send out to all of the recruiters! You'll definitely get it!!!!
Countdown to Full Throttle...8 days 22 hours...
I cant even look at you. When i look at you it makes it hard for me to stomach the fact i even dated you..
Tom & Jerry cartoons. Yaaaaay. :)
I Think im getting the hang of this little shit! lol #swag ;)
M haven't done laundry for ~2 months now. Breakin out the shmediums, douche-T's, shorts I never knew I had. gogogogo
I love <3
you mean the London riots or the Kelly Thomas beating? btw did you watch AC360 today?
Happy Mothers Day to my amazing Mom & to all the wonderful mothers, you are the best. Enjoy your special day!
I did Love the old one! (and was probably the only one haha) but yes, Cheers to new beginnings!
Currently geeking out to articles with titles like "Robot-assisted energy-efficient data collection from high-fidelity sensor networks."
Take up fencing.
Anyone want to buy a Mac miller ticket concert is the 25th email me at or tweet me!
American Airlines is literally playing ambient music and splashing noises throughout the plane.
chapter 8 is up:) Give Me Some Feedback !! :) Plz RT It
Drop "just" from your profile! =)
: I nearly had a car accident today were a car cut us up I'm still shaking it was crazy I could have died
Coming back to school after Thanksgiving Break is hard! I SO need a nap!!!!
Gotta love that 70s show
GoodMorningg <3! I have to go with my mom to take my brothers grandma to her doctors appointment.. Lordd help me! And on break lordd!
You know we just don't talk like we used to. I'm still waiting to go shoe shopping with & tell hi 4 me
And perhaps now, he'll find the love of a beautiful woman. RT : Delighted for Tom Brady. About time life went his way.
Every since I started working over night all my days run together
I'm going to tiny house camp! I'll be able to build a shed someday. The ultimate craft.
I'd b 4 the Pats (I like them), but Bmore has a better chance of crushing Denver, so... well, 1st we have to beat the Texans :)
Just checked your website, Awesome! Are you guys a PVP guild? What server are you on?
Tomorrow & Sunday Many Attractions, Especially Those Relying on Outdoor Weather cooperation Will Be Closed. Pls. Contact Us For More Info.
. has no idea what I went through to get those tickets.
we are still rockin' tonight! Strange Matter 10pm
Love my dad's girlfriend! And I love Ethiopian steak tartare. Now I'm buckling down and loving wine studying and wine class prepping.
any last minute requests for sides?
With smartphones netflix and YouTube where is the movie exhibition business going?
Everyday I ask myself what more could I do to get to where I want to be ....mediocrity is my biggest fear.
replay shows no travel
haha yeah he doesnt seem like he should be a rapper. he seems like the guy that would come and hook your cable up
&& keep moving by mines !
here I am! Sprint sucks in SD.
That picture you texted was COLD BLOODED. I cannot wait to hear about your talk, travel safely, lovelovelove you)
It will be so much fun, watching you cry on election night, when O is re-elected and the House goes Dem!
boys are the grossest! Prove it with science! Grants ahoy?!
Jessica isn't here yet, so I'm not sure. We'll let ya know!
Someday your prince will come. Mine took a wrong turn and is too stubborn to ask for directions. ~ Anonymous
We're gettin' there...
what will happen to traditional retail? PAR Technology Announces the Release of PAR EverServ® PixelPoint® V11 POS Software NEW HARTFORD
Bellefonte Residents Can't Predict What Tuesday Will Bring - State College News
The key to materialization is the realization that inspiration and visualization require activation and perspiration.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY #ADELE!!!!!! :D
hey trick calm yourself haha :P
I'm sure 12 techs is a NBA record for a series
Wearing white on a rainy day is not a good idea -_-.
but you can't! it's not your decision. God choses when that happens.
Open Book: Stray Love, by Kyo Maclear - National Post
No soccer game, so sure. Ill ask my momma later
I'm so there. I miss all of you!!
At running lean seminar incubator and it's 1/2 men 1/2 women. Changed ratio! #changetheratio Speaker is tie breaker
Simple lust, Trevor ~~
Happiest of birthdays!
#"Fuck what you heard"
If I lived in LA or in Mexico, I could understand it. But I live in Costa Rica.
did u get the one I txt u? I refuse to put that one up
you can connect with 4 more info
What is it that you have on the shoulder of your shirt on BL? It looks like staples.
FREE Shipwreck Shots tonight at midnight. Great spot to watch the fireworks. HAPPY NEW YEAR FROM FRANKIE'S TIKI ROOM
Buying or selling a home?? Give me a call and I can help you!!! I am a real estate agent with First Weber!!
Send me link to one of their songs
Passion Play All Day goes something like this
you haven't mentioned the Fan Fest that starts at 11am Heinz Field. What time is DeCastro appearing ???
Scott Brown is either a military colonel or a senator take your pick because both is a clear conflict of interest
It aggravates me to see hi top fades..
I should have brought a flask
Lots and lots of support, appreciated everyone who came out tonight. Thankful for all the family I have too, didnt realize there was so many
The stuff i've been too busy for gets done today, starting with sleep. Now.
Nicely done guys! RT enthusiastically signs extension with for the next 25% of his life. Yeah, Seanny! bit.ly/cXWyX7
oh wow! ... Hey, if it happens, to God be the glory; if doesn't, to God be the glory....you'll be OK!
thanks doll <3
RT : So do you have a exciting, new fridge?! Yep. Pretty much like the old one, except cleaner. :-)
but my godfather coming home from the hospital 👍👍👍👍 Thank God!!!
"Craft is King, Bro" (actually it's more like "bra" when says it) 's take on the industry in COP OUT
Great idea! Hubby & I gave up meat for Lent last year and never went back! By the end of Lent, we were eating vegan.
These twitter mfers trip me out.. They clever .. Not wise .. Big difference
Not vry familiar w/prep schools, but pretty familiar w/jucos&who I wud recommend Sum great teachers juco level
It's amazing listening to play 'Mitt' on tonight's #CPTA webinar! #priceless He was on message though...
Thanks for the #ICBD tweets/retweets yesterday. Hope you celebrated reading!
I'm down! it was good to go back..
Small world :)
nope he lives in Tennessee
um yum!
thanks for the recommendation! but guess what, I was on a ten day trek through yosemite forest when your friend called! :(
'reckless & tortured'
tell them they can't afford it, its too expensive.
what do you need help with?
Today is an early release day for elem & middle schools. Elem gets out at 11:45 am and middle gets out at 12:30 pm.
Unfortunately herbie that missed PAT is also on les miles playsheet
Good. I might get to see him on Monday. Hopefully I'm going to go to his grauation. It's weird haven't seen him in forever.
I really enjoy days like this with and
Just tapped the Snarling Badger...finally! Wow is that interesting!
Hair will fall out faster on a person that is on a crash diet
haha I had to go home and get something and now I'm racing to get back in time for 5th
I love so freaking much. :)
#IHaveNoRespectForYou if you have no respect for . 
I told you! they brainwashed me! Until november I literally wore all black, white, and grey. Sometimes blue. Brainwashed!
#ThurgoodMemories when our school was on lockdown twice in one week, for two separate shootings .
Be sure to let someone know how much they matter to you today. #WhoYouAreMakesADifference Happy Friday.
That'd make a righteous tattoo. Or, at the very least, a t-shirt. I'd buy one.
don't blah blah blah me lol it's true! and yes u do for sure!!!!!!
Just evacuated - building was shaking. 10th Floor.
I don't mind it, really, but now working full time, I can't find the time to study or read. It's killing me!
New on tCR: a review of Homero Aridjis' Solar Poems, essential poetry for your summer and lifetime. Now at www.thecurrentreader.com
#bestprankever called friend using Arnold switchboard. Got upset and repeatedly asked who he was talking to. Response: I'm a cop you idiot!
foreclosed that last year
DAHTS RITE. EVERYBODY SEE I is 's "nigga"
I think it's time for Doug Melvin to walk around the neighborhood with the garage sale signs
I know;)
I need a fade. S/O to The Cut in Portage Park.
# partnered w 'No Kill' groups n got six dogs adopted2day @ monthly Ranger Creek Brewing open house. Happy day.
"Why not touch God with your acting??" --Luis Alfaro
just beer :-)
very sad.
Idaho Man Gets Jail Time For Faking Motorcycle Mishap - Insurance Journal
Boxing: Klitschko defends WBC crown amid drama. www.tncnews.com
Titanic 2 is crazy!
Lawrd knows i dnt feel like doing NOTHING !!
Sure they have choice. Take #OccupyDC today. NPS didnt have to come there today. Questions of responsibility in authorities vs.
ABDC tomorrow. Getting my bathing suit ready to swim in the ocean of my tears.
Games scheduled to resume in Murfreesboro @ 2p. More rain likely later this afternoon.
says the girl who didn't even attempt the last one.
Your replies make it feel like you don’t want to talk to me.
Alas, men aren't too interested yet. Perhaps they should promote it as a benefit: "Flirt & spit, it's the best you'll git!"
there seems to be a big pile of work on my desk.
The most interesting man in the world can #staythirsty without having to spank... the ground... in public
Rajon Rondo has been a beast on the boards in this quarter... this game too
I loved Rainbow Brite! I think I still have a couple VHS tapes of the show!
I thought it was only 110 comps, but thts becuz they have there own employee health insurance coverage
When your actions effect so much more
Chad did you see what he just said? You should be like him... NICE!
He funny as hell badabadabada lol
How did you decide on posterous?
I'm soo sleepy but off to school 
crispy fried chicken, savory turnip greens & stewed black eyed peas w/ tomatoes...tasty, traditional new year's day SOUL FOOD!
taping for one tree hill auditions !!!
Have you seen the prices? Us folks in TV news don't bring home enough bacon.
Fuck you, education.
Even though the party may be over on Indiegogo, you can still get updates about the project by liking us on Facebook...
another lazy day much work done this week defiantly need to chill... But had a quick hit with tennis today,, Nice!!!
"who is that, i think its buck, OMG ITS BUCK ITS BUCK OMG OMG OMG!!!" *shakes w/ pure fangirlness* haha #fondorable <3
united - ajax now making me remember how stacked that 1995 ajax team was... vds, davids, seedorf, kluivert, george, overmars, rijkaard, etc.
Oh that's horseshit
i cannot stop eating the Doritos locos tacos. I have had 8 in the last 24 hours.
how did the thing go last night?
I made sure I downloaded BTR music for my 5k walk this Saturday!!!!
a 4 hour 9 inning game...this is why everybody outside of new england hates the red sox.
"Vintage Trouble" is crushing it at Cosmopolitan Las Vegas! Lounge was empty. 2 songs in 200+ and growing by minute.
so emo right now
I'm about to step outta the boat on faith the size of a mustard seed to see if I can walk on water! Pray for me!
I think every now and then I'm entitled to a day where I just love money.
not until now! I'm -barf- loving the stroller friendly Hermes!
Someone has to watch out for the night life
Up n ready fo today n im hurngry eggs n bacon bagle
When in doubt... just LOVE
my company today >>
Very cute!
“: Robinson Cano puts on an amazing show and wins 2011 MLB Home Run Derby. Awesome stuff.” one of best swings in
That nervous feeling you get when you talk to someone you really like on the phone the first time.
Lemme turn this good piece of phone off.
Princess Diaries :)
whats your favorite paranormal activity movie??
#TwitterThursdays starting April 12th presented by w/ Tha Partyboyz live in concert & The OFFICIAL Twerk Team April 19th!
Agreed RT not sure which implosion is more enjoyable: and the Heat in the playoffs or the Eagles..still the HEAT
Boobies Everywhere - Bruno does anyone have a link to this??? 2 download??
I need some incredibly insane live music soon. It's been too long. Thank goodness Racebannon is just around the corner.
That sucks...Hurts your credit rating...showing you don't have that much credit available anymore...
You really love me!
that it so ture
That is what history would say.
Hi Willie!!! I heard you and dad had a great time in Vegas. You need to come out to Idaho and fish with us :) love to see u
Thx so much for wonderful dinner & the chance to see #AWESOME!
I #write because I must, not because someone else allows me.
Do we not all agree to call rapid thought and noble impulse by the name of inspiration? -George Eliot
I wonder if you even noticed that one of the greatest MCs has just passed away.. Show respect for my man MCA ? Please..
It's getting to the point that you're really bugging me!
Oh wow just wow... Ok well.. Your just jealous of my mockingjay whistle.
stay blessed...? if you could get away for a few where would you go? i need a vacation like yesterday...!
holy crap! What did that run you!?
Breathe. Release the tension. See past what you feel is the horizon: for that is the entrance way to a whole other world.
Instructors: Do you find yourself teaching in a non-equipped classroom? Feel frustrated? Our Seminar Series is happening Monday to help you!
TSA needs Uncle Sams Club card RT I pour 82 credit cards on the table...TSA screener says-"But do you have a Sam's Club card?"
DC! SAVE-THE-DATE: JUNE 21 "Master Class" w/ for church & community choirs! Learn how to pull the best out of your choir!!
Sorry Twitter Followers, but we have decided to no longer post onto this site. See our facebook page (Black Creek Bistro) for specials! Thx
Go follow like legit! His post are amazing!
bruh fuck this shit i dnt want to hear it from nobody
Yea let's do it. That Sparti's is quality, but I only went once with Behrens and need to go back
who u think won?
Just in case you thought they go on your cheeks. They don't. #conceptstairs cc
I see Tim hitting on every freshman at our school lmao
Really hyper and need to burn of some steam
RT " have your #hackcomicbingo tweets cost you any followers yet? If not, it's about to..."don't care if they do.
no but I want to go!
RT "2 types of ppl; energy takers & energy givers. U need 2 be an energy giver n associate with energy givers 2 be successful."
RT : #highered should never use stock images of people. Never, ever. True or False and why?
that is a gr8 idea for trainers..someone says QUIT..wash their mouth out with SOAP!!
“: The two of you guys ripped it up. Awesome job.” thanks man
You can have a few after the combine! RT : Is it a fatboy thing that i got chills from lookin at these rack of ribs pass me"
It is useless for the sheep to pass resolutions in favor of vegetarianism, while the wolf remains of a different opinion -William Ralph Inge
Awesome thanks for the love!
Pikeville is now hosting the national championship trophy and Appalachian Wireless will have the iPhone 4s on April 20. Exciting times!
Thanks 4 choosing us to celebrate this exciting day!RT:": I'm doing my 30th birthday with you guys...in May! = )”
yo tweeps: holler at me if you've been to barcelona and know a nice, cheek-approved place to stay, near places to play.
RIP Levon Helm. You were a great inspiration and a fantastic performer.
hello young one.
Seriously, the cat has yet to be let out of the bag.
First day at SMC did not go quite as planned... When people said parking was a nightmare I didn't realize it was actually literal hell...
That's what I thought :P
yay :D I hope that's soon
literally going to stab him in the dick
shut up
bitch, you know you love this life.
Hey , You Talking Bout Me ? Lmfao , ": Yemisi Trying Say he Fucked my bitch WHOLE TIME He can't handle her PHAT Butt :P"
The greatest achievement was at first and for a time a dream. The oak sleeps in the acorn; the bird waits in the James Allen
I found God/ On the corner of First and Amistad ... Smoking his last cigarette/I said, “Where you been?”/He said, “Ask anything.”
u have school on pres day??
My mom told me she met you!! Said you were pretty and charming!
10 mile race tomorrow and dress shopping ? Count me in ;)
I am an american girl with one dream, for you too follow me.
i've been on hold for over 30 minutes....please pick up
I miss you so much. I don't know what to do.
what is Info list?
Looking for fundraising opportunities... Who do you know that needs to raise some money? Contact me to find out about my personal Fundrais…
Took care of Dana al day, now doing hours worth of billing for her & working.
Work tomorrow, need a good night sleep. See you all tomorrow. :)
yeah you are
How was that not leading with the helmet when Harper sacked Smith? Just like you said. It's all BS.
"Please, please don't pretend that you give a shit"
just saw some scene/Hipster kid spaz out in from of my apartment with ear buds and he was windmilling. Thought of you.
Do you still have them though? LOL
Do you still get diverse viewpoints?
his rotations are horrible!
happy saturday to you!
I still think about you every now and then, but only when it rains.
happy birthday tommy
WORKING OUT AT CONTENDERS WITH , , and #cwa4life 💚💙
loved your piece in the isthmus on 50 days - i am totally with you. life changing.
BTW....HEY EVERYBODY! It's been since forever that I've been on twitter. Miss you guys! :-(
Carpet Shampoo Online: BISSELL Little Green Multi-Purpose ...
Rep Mike Michaud had to choose: accepting award for supporting #military families tonight or be on stage w Lady Gaga. Crowd roars
accident 676 westbound, police paramedics on scene, traffic getting by on shoulder
Why the hell are we playing on a four foot stage??? Someone is going to break a leg!
kinda scared to eat at that asain gourmet place.... Lol
This game is an illustration of how the 3-point shot can neutralize a game. Kentucky is dominating yet UT is still in the game due to 3s.
the journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step=Lao Tzu
haha Spanish was fun... Wonder what Ryales will say when we don't turn in our work.
Makes me realize how much I love baseball..
Holy shit if u haven't seen this hologram of tupac with snoop at coachella last night u need to check it out. Fuckinh crazy
Got my iPad & boots, but wasn't truly content until I got this !!! Merry Christmas
ME is the most amazing gaming experience for me EVER, but its conclusion and the madness surrounding further enthusiasm hard.
"spectate" is one way too put it :P
thanks! It was a really great time with some REALLY smart people!
you owe me the 2 hours of my hawaiian vacation currently being spent standing in lax waiting for a new plane.
I sure hope not! I always yell Eureka!
Plaintiffs arguing mayors hostility is not permissible reason for government action.
hmm what yes i'm okay just sick.
Day dreaming
What is the importance of micro-finance in US foreign policy?
"I've has better hot dogs." straight face.
its ok i no u love it bc u have us
Gym time
Congrats Alice in Wonderland for Best Art Direction! And Inception for best Cinematography! Live at the Oscars! Wow!
We hope you visit us at The Social Space today!
NM Book Coop: "We've had a bunch of emails recently on ebooks not selling...with a million ebooks out, buyers must be driven to your book"
Colorado Rockies: The Seinfeld logo of Major League Baseball.
What are the consequences of believing you can't write?
neither can brad
Empty Room
turn around homies!!! They well take y'all and trade y'all for chiqulets!!! Hahaha
We are going beta in 5 days. Invites will be sent out soon. Make sure you have your name on the list because its first come first invite.
This year, Spring Fling's "nerdy, white-people music"opening act is Passion Pit. Are they any good?
if there is one it will be awesome as allways
#SometimesIJustWant you to want me too
yeah! When we just made these accs we got SPAMMED!!
All my childhood feelings came back tonight when Daniel Russo danced! Not going to lie....I voted for him!
Great meeting you Prerna!! Lets have that conversation about education sometime in the next few weeks. I'll be at UMd all summer
sorry pollack, staying in tonight....fa cup and 6:30 am and I have a soccer game in chi.
That's ur mistake, U need to be nerdy NOT cool! ;) “: I hope to someday be cool enough for too.”
hey Zack. I'm proud of you. You made it. It's only you and Shealeigh left. I know you will win. Good luck!! -A.L
I'll meet y'all there.
Are you coming to karaoke tonight? You should. It's what the cool kids do.
let's get a few Grammy's... Yea I said it a few GRAMMY'S...
I love everyone. You are all beautiful. :) just sayin.
RT : This Labor Day weekend the Cleveland National Air Show will be at Burke Lakefront Airport. From Sept. 4th thru 6th
Forgot the year. 1971.
Ok Insanity kicked my butt tonight! I can't wait to start to see results.
because you're hilarious!
Work is work. No matter where u go
Oh, okayy.. THIS REMINDS ME OF MY STUPID EIGHTH HOUR.
See you when I see you
Get outside if you can today. Sunny and close to 80 degrees = PERFECT, in my book!
The RHCT only deals with Redhat, I did install Fedora on my computer for testing, which is where they pull most of their stuff.
my nails are so cute :).
haha I'm down
Wasted a lot of time driving to the Grand Canyon Skywalk! Road from Vegas.... BEWARE!!!
Heather is the best kind of rich. She seems to have no clue her needs and wants are are just that and not necessity. I love her!!
Ur not even worth the $2,500.00 signing bonus u got. I am embarrassed for u and ur family. Broke & miserable fans wont forget!
Starting watching Workaholics last night, it is entirely possibly that this is the most hilarious show, ever.
understandable lol ;-) will just have to understand ;-)
I don't mean find out what people are posting privately, but how people share on SM outside official museum sites/handles/pages
he is so busy, lameduck,taxcuts,stitches on the lips,N korea,wikileaks,dreamact,etc
#TheWorstFeeling ever is when you forget where you put your phone
And goodnight! Hard day of doing nothing behind me.
Getting Sleepy. Can't hold my eyes open. My head fits perfectly on my honey's chest. He is my favorite pillow. Will miss him tonight.
My Mom always has excuses for not going to church but always forcing me to go . SMH
Happy Mother's Day to all moms out there. Now let's get down to business. #SurvivalSunday #MUFC (throwing in some hashtag love for #QPR too)
should be toast considering the fact that #JPM has screwed up and #Mitt would lessen regulations even further.
as you consider willpower, look at MN author Nick Tasler on impulse/impulsiveness. www.nicktasler.com Love your show.
Today's #RecordStoreDay exclusives = yesterday's marginalia and CD bonus tracks, e.g.:
Finally, the weather report was right...happy sunny Monday!
Im Mikey, I ROCK !
For leaving her by herself
Snooki's tanning lotion is bomb!!
From Brown to Green and Everything In Between | The thrifty guide for a nifty garden
that's because I am awesome, duh.
Natalie Grant and Lacrae! OMG! THAT WAS HOT!
R.I.P Joe Frazier.
I love youu too. Babyy. *I Love Aaron*
Ashlee's is purple :]
glad to know that!! Now we don't have to call the doctor...um anything for nosebleeds?? Lol
haha that's the plan! :P
Wanted: Kindle Direct Publishing or E Book Publisher that needs a BIG spike in interest. #IHaveAnIdea! Buyers,Writers,Readers,Movies,$$ 1912
Why does the post office always have the longest lines? They are laying people off but they clearly need more workers!
I just want to be there for you. But I'm too scared to text you. Too scared of the chance if rejection.
RT : N. Carolina should not ban gay marriage: The church can't possibly absorb all the single gay men joining the clergy
"In the future you are strong, in the past you were weak. It was within that gap that made you realize what you had to do to move on"
Two checks cashed ready for shopping in the city friday :)
alright now, you picked up a shift! Let's not rub it in!
Burritos are a blast! hope that tooth feels better!
Sometimes skulls are thick sometimes hearts are vacant sometimes words just don't work.
I fake happiness about 85% of the time
Thriller's on the radio! God I love this song <333
Keep reading... :)
totally agree B4 DRose got hurt I thought the bulls had a shot but now no doubt in my mind the west wins
Thanks, Jeff! RT : you got my vote pal
Go Cubs GO!
Can't concentrate for shit.
OMG is following us! I guess he read my note!
Saying goodbye to my 10 year old WIn XP desktop PC. Still trucking along. Off to the ethical recycling pc heaven.
Thanks for all the memories, spring break. Hello, bright-eyed students early tomorrow morning.....
Drop by the Athenæum after work tonight; we are now open until 8pm on Tuesday evenings to improve member access.
Here to cheer
Woohoo just bought a new car!!! I'm so excited!!!!
Game Day Tomorrow! 😊👍🏀 #Game1 #Round2 Spurs Vs. Clippers ^-^
My right eye just failed this eye exam. Oy.
Privilege to hear you speak again sir. Great insight/foresight! Wishing you safe travels home. Keep in touch.
NEW REPORT: "#Remediation: Higher Ed's Bridge to Nowhere"
As you become a man: Hoes should become a thing of the (Past)... As you find a wifey to begin your (Future)...
your Roomie is always here for you <3 when ever you need me (:
I'm wondering if I can survive on just Diet Coke? :)
Ildarka, happy birthday! wish you great time and all the best!
Quitting is not an option when you realize you were built to succeed
RT " #Packers Pro Bowl safety nick Collins has a doctor appointment late next week to have his neck reexamined" good luck to
tell drose 2 pls not blame hisself! Tell him we luv him & wht matters is health cause y'all got ths! Y'all winners
#Its2012WhyYouStill Checking yo Myspace? Matter fact .... WHY do you remember your email & password?
Arsene out. Pep in. Wouldn't be mad at that. RT : Wonder if Pep Guardiola likes North London?
Do you know what it's like to feel miserable for months straight? Physically, not mentally.
#Friday the 13th tomorrow. Tell me you haven't thought about it.
You already know that's going to be, lol.
Join us January 28th from 5:30 - 8:00 pm at Lily's Seafood for the next CAM Connect. Great networking opportunity. Details at www.cam-online
ooh- nice gear! I wish you much happiness!
no problem !
Thanks for the shout out!
that first half defense for Pacers is good despite their flaws- interesting game !
We had fun! Thanks for meeting up with us! Have fun this weekend.
When you repeat a word multiple times >>><<<><<><<>> it sounds weird after awhile.
i think a good pet name for an anteater is Rascal
Family, Baby, Party, Wedding, Engagement, Maternity, New Job, First Car, Last Day at work, Graduation, !st day of school. Tick Tock photo.
Don't be surprised if you hear some thunder and see hail today. Andy has the full forecast on Good Day Oregon.
Don't matter how much you change you still have to pay the price for what you done .
My niece is Tina Dimitrijevs. Check the Akron volleyball website if you want to see a pic of her. (she has a boyfriend) lol
I've just seen a mullet that has upset me. Is there an online resource for mullet anxiety.
y'all niggas don't be tellin me shit
Leaving the contiguous States for Hawaii, where May Day is Lei Day! (For the rhyme and the flowers, not lack of solidarity with labor.)
There is a message for you from me and Elsa on your Facebook.....:)
Guys that drive stick>>
how can I get one??
6 more weeks of winter. Phil said "Many shadows do I see."
Happy Thanksgiving everybody!
Does tyhe D.A.R.E. program work? How would you change it?
easy ways to get at fit, how do you apply, can you connect in a way that "fits", can you identify your fit and explain
#cheapeats RT Special: $6.50 "Tavern Lunch" Bar Cheese Burger & a pint of Trumer Pils (toppings extra) Manager Brew Special $2
TEXAS :D
Get ya life Deshaun .. Goodbye !
please just make my life right now and notice me !
The waiting (for project approval) is the hardest part.
Love to see some chefs getting in the mix
Nf Follow me Back ( =
I hope you are right! As O'Colly sports alum, love what you are doing there! Much respect.
DO YOURSELF A FAVOR: 1) get in your car 2) roll down the windows 3) play some sublime 4) drive
All my pleasure! xo
Damn so close
": My favorite old people saying: Billy Badass" haha did josh tell you that?
lol it doesn't really matter
we all know u gud at that
I hate toes..
We're having our volunteers paint the Family Success Center King Village! Volunteerism is great! Partner with us today!
spent 72 hours in the "vessel" prior to her performance of "Born This Way" At the Grammys.
apparently twitter doesn't like stalker talk.for some reason i am no longer following u. request sent AGAIN
legendary murderer
Martin Luther~ Earth has nothing more tender than a womans heart when it is the abode of piety.
just finished a run; the lungs didn't care for the humidity and the right calf is pretty pissed
Maybe I can bring them over from the "dark side" :-) RT : oh no! yuck
At the dentist: Apparently JJ cries when he gets shots, but Joe laughs at at the doctor.
got cam working. doing a free show for jackjagger.com members thurs night 8/18 10:30 pm est. want to see me solo, or me and drake together?
Damn this week was strange. "The storm has passed and the future looks bright indeed!"
Class of 2011'
RT : "I love sleeping with my socks on!" I do this every night...
You're nuts! You better turn on every light in the house.
Wish I could've been in a better mood. Had a nice night though:-)
Hey , anything cool going on around campus today? Looking 4 feature pics 4 tomorrows paper. Thanks!
I can see that with Heathers. I mean, "I love my dead gay son..." has to be one of my favorite lines of all times.
The boys at Jeca need to get down with the brown #WeGetsNoLove lmao
just got word that my xbox is on it's way back.
Meeting with NY City Council at 10am
I don't know why people bash on the cheerleaders who tweet about worlds this week?
I feel bad 😭
How'd u make out w/ tix I have an xtra 3 day pass for AC, and an extra for Burgettstown
Demetria Vineyards could not be resisted en route home.2008 Cuvee Constantine savored as finale!
My -esque vendor poll at All-Star (arena, off-site), the best selling jerseys: 1) Kobe (wide margin) 2) Rose 3) Howard 4) KD
So proud! I don't have to leave the room anytime I see the Ubisoft logo pop up on the TV
you mean the world to mahomies <3
Crazy statistic of the day: Jet fuel is $3.16 per gallon today, up from 78 cents per gallon in 2000.
It would start raining fifteen minutes before my bio lab field trip to the forest
Thank you for your support! RT : Follow and get inexpensive deals for golf in the Indianapolis area!
RIP Dick Clark
Kinda gloomy outside : /
Bingo! Can you beleive it? Biggest douche of the night RT A FUCKING GLASS SLIPPER????
anyone know if Ye Olde Kings Head is showing ALL 6 nations games???
Thanks for the follow!
how about "you rock, rock"
Amen RT : As a #Cancer You lose power when you're: not getting enough "Me" time to center yourself.
Weird pick.
That's good news all around...now those of you who were stalling for a good haircut, let me help you look beautiful!
what u wearn for shoes tonigh bro?
shall we all meet in the middle? Say, DC?
that sounds like preparation for the end of the world. lol RT : Eat all you can
Happy Thursday
Travel to the far regions of Cambodia and minister to kids!
I love to drive my car
Tanning on my lunch break was prob not my best idea..
Glad Delilah got hope to Ohio. So glad we could help get get there
Poppin' bottles in the ice. Like a blizzard. When we drink we do it right, getting slizzard. ;D Feeling so fly like a G6 X3
Orioles' trends: Homerun or strikeout
And to think there are children that dont have clothes. I guess it's just the fabric from which your cut.
don't follow the man, follow the idea.
Things are looking up.
To share your thoughts IS to engage. Pse don't stop...
How do you know your team is ready?! Uh, when they win the game??
Blood Sweat and Tears
You're welcome.
It's amazin what bio freeze fixes on tournament weekends.
Harper who?
So my friend Tyler leaves tomorrow for basic for the Marines... :/
did you read part about bumper to bumper? ;) lol but you are right!
man Dats a bad ass pic OMG!
wow its been too long since i've been on here! whats up #packernation?
Eh...idk yet. I'm trying to transition towards the business aspect of music.
