The Script are bomb. They're Irish. Like baby Nialler. Which automatically makes them cool. Love their music.
I need to see it first.
Mitt Romney is a combination of all the bad guys from Animal House.
Phishing Alert: More PayPal emails popping up all day. Title is: "Your account has been limited". Forward the email to:
Oracle Linux: The Past, Present and Future Revealed - The VAR Guy
Longs bakery :) with
Rice Basketball tonight vs. Tulsa at 7 PM at Tudor Fieldhouse!
I like that point: the extended value chain of trash may be extended transnationally, but what happens when that chain ends?
How was the meeting in DC today?
No, that's not funny.
Once, Twice, Three times #Luongo and your out!!!
Odd that the #Chevy baseball commercial uses music from The Natural where Hobbs k's The Hammer and show a kid as Ruth hit a hr.
DDOT, traffic simulations, traffic pattern analysis data?? Duh, it's riveting.
thanks for following me brother! Check out my band, and let me know whatcha think!
Ok whats going on today
#ThatOnePersonWho lies about everything
Senior shirts for next year gonna be looking so dope. Thanks to the brilliant ideas of
Ryan Gosling seriously had like ONE line in Remember the Titans but acted so well! basicalliy in every shot; his looks said 1000 words
YOU inspire me! Miss you so much. We must connect soon. Much love.
I believe in the sand beneath my toes, the beach gives me an earthy feeling.
in new york you said I can stop smiling
Critical engagement w/ US' schizophrenia as it relates to drugs does not mean engaging in a 'war on drugs' as w/ the Nixon & Regan eras.
sorry hun icant , the limit of follwers i can follow is 2,000 n i reached my limits =/ .. But i can get u followers .
(part 2) I get bored easily. Hence why I liked working as a temp - always some new job to learn. Being good makes you hard to promote. Grrr.
Niece turns18 today. Used to give her piggy back rides. What happened to the years?! Now she can vote.
Dear best paper I've received, I'm sorry that I feel compelled to tear you down by combing through you more than with most.
i might delete this actually, lolol.
Official Fan Twitter 4 the Milwaukee Brewers up and running! Follow Let's make #BREWlievers a trending topic!
You must be mistaken. I'm as healthy as always!! ;)
why are you getting rid of them?
I can't wait to see my boyfriend. I love that booger to death!
Smash in a hour!! Yep you already know...on the couch with anticipation...cmon hurry up!!!
had disc surgery on mine years ago. hated going into the MRI tube. feel better
That is awesome!
gargle salt water (for reals)
Hope you're loving it!! ": My mirrored vanity is being delivered today!! Can't wait! #homesplurge"
About to do my eyebrows -.- I hate this, it makes me cry :(
OH Daniel. lol
you got them today I see. Was it easy?
no problem! Please feel free to enter our contest!!
ELECTPAVARINI 2 CLEVELAND CLERK COURTS yards signs R in 216-255-5225 email 2 get signs pickup or delivered
You'll need three days just to move the TV. ;)
RT : RT For every person that follows $0.25 will be Donated to the Cause -
Keep your words short and sweet- because you never know which ones you will have to eat. -Anon
The Ralphs Grocery checker just told person in front of me how sick she was. Great now u can get your cooties all over all my food, thx!
hey u should try tinychat.com
WHAT do u call a guy who is cute sensitive straight and respectful� A RUMOR!
VOTELESS PEOPLE IS A HOPELESS PEOPLE. Join us right now at the Sweet Auburn Fest
probably Alexis lol
on it!
Don't blame yourself for being rad
The intensity of the day just hit me in the face D:
Not dissimilar to mexicans cooking Chinese food or #Chinese cooking #Mexican food
Lunch break almost done, got 30mins to tweet. Le go.<3
so sincere!
Thank u & 4 keeping close eye & reporting on all things #Newark. U r all greatly appreciated!
That awkward moment when you just know that 's next #OVEREXPOSED2011 vid is gonna be bitchin about "That awkward moment when"
Mall , FROOOYOOO , movies , Apple Bee's , THEN teen night.
Roger Cook was the master of the genre: "Stop hitting me over the head" on radio, especially.
DUE TO POLICE ACTIVITY THE FLORIDA TURNPIKE SOUTHBOUND FROM I-595 AND NORTHBOUND TURNPIKE FROM DADE COUNTY LINE IS CLOSED.
i have no words to describe how fucked up this franchise is... -___-
But isn't that a quasi-ethical issue?ie.Why write columns refuting imagined critics instead of actual ones?
That awkward moment when you can't tell whether someone is a man or a woman.
Gizmodo's Mat Honan: "Tim Cook is wearing black jeans and a dark grey or black button down. ... Stylish." Only in geekdom...
such a tangled web we weave.
life expressing itself in ways you never would have imagined right before your very eyes (is what I love in music and art)
Guest tweet by Jenna:A rainstorm of men is rapidly approaching. Update to come as soon as it blasts through the loudspeakers.
Thanks for the RT!
come over with your taylor and I'll bust out the baby taylor, then things will get really kinky
Nutritional supplements play a role in my anti-aging strategies, despite the outcries of the university/hospital based gerontologists
True very true. But sometimes it just hits you at random moment. Plus, I never really came to terms with it yet.
taylor green pwns.
Educational group plans pancake breakfast
Lakers are seriously working tonight..
if you have rosacea, the Perfecta laser is a rosacea killer. Highest satisfaction of anything i do. And, usually without any bruising.
Bought my boss an Edible Arrangement for her birthday. So basically I bought me an Edible Arrangement for my boss' birthday. Score.
The Dark Knight Rises Trailer is Beautiful! I think i've watched it like 10 times already today. I watching right now as i type this tweet.
Being single doesn't mean you know nothing about love. Sometimes being alone is wiser than being in a wrong relationship.....
I'm done for the night, I promise lol
Justin, thanks for following Playmark, interested in learning more?
It's a beautiful day !
Promote maximized use of your catalog data. That's my new mantra.
miss u too boo! How have u been?
Lmfao, im so aggressive ..
We love to talk to others that are green come in to a new restaurant dedicated to sustainability in
Op!! Be careful!!
I know I am. I am also used to being the ignored voice in the wilderness. So glad to find
#imsinglebecause I like to proudly play Beyonce songs.
I'm just so grateful Charlie Sheen didn't host the Academy Awards!
If any ladies that I'm following want a relationship with me&maybe even be my child's mom,please send me an @ message or dm me.
yes benzly I do agree.. if it hasnt been for the lord we wouldnt be thanking . him for life.
I'm only into Young bitches with Aggression .
Great to talk with in #LA. We worked on a home together 10 yrs ago with
#NowPlaying D-Mac - Maintain
Ha ha ha...made me laugh out loud. :)
On the way back from the restroom at the Steelers game, I cut my lip on the Velcro on my jacket. said: did you get into a fight
Sounds like her problem, not yours. How hard is it to call back?
great picture! Thanks for visiting CITYCENTRE yesterday!
TY #swa ur 2 hr delay for flight 912 to Vegas ruined my 6 hour planned layover bummer stuck at las Vegas airport now for 3hrs
you are very welcome
My mom just tried telling me the drummer in all time low died... uh no stop please :(
Off Work !
Seriously! It could be the stomach flu- but the 1st thing I would think was- what did she just eat?! Exactly.
Editing a Music video you will see very soon
Phew! It's been a long winter. We are looking forward to coming out of hibernation to get the YSP ball rollin'! Stay tuned...
Just got back from a killer band rehearsal for our show on Saturday. So excited to play live again with some of the greatest folks on earth!
I had a LONG day at work of training & all I can say is I THINK I know what I'm doin now lol
New website on the way + free goodies!
Showdown at 2:30!!! I can't wait for this
its bad
Little Venice cafe sounds glorious... are you off work on Fri? Want to meet up? x
It is officially the day.
Want to learn how the tea party retired Lugar from the activists who did it? Come to our DC boot camp June 8-11. Contact:
what are the topics tonight?
Good Morning world, happy monday now lets get this paper.... Its a unified movement ;)
Agreed! I woke up at 4:43am. That would be crazy coincidence, if we didn't live in different time zones.
Bank tweets this morning remind me that I need to get to my credit union 2day to continue the process of cutting ties with Wells Fargo.
I don't know why I hate grocery shopping so much, but I do.
awwhh your background is so adorable! where did you find that? lol thats so random!
The NEW ORLEANS TAINTS
so hm... Someone sounds in love...
Spread the love today
Whats up from Orlando! Thanks for sponsoring great music!
If your gonna in us out at for Bikini Bull Riding, cover up! It's chilly tonight -
when will the Simpsons episode air?
Oh darn...
Follow for updates.
Really been going through some things but there are brighter days ahead!!!!!
we hope you enjoyed it! thanks for listening to !!
SEO Marketing Made Easy: How to Set Up an Editorial Calendar - Business 2 Community
You should be given a minimum of 10 lashes for saying "Worser" and "finna."
You might have him, but he knows that your no me
Friends dont let friends fade away.
04.15.12 - The energy today is bringing your world into alignment. Whatever way things line up for you today, remember you chose it.
Happy 2012, can I wish for a #superbowl ?
What do the packers and Steelers know that the rest of the league doesn't? Neither team is having workouts or anything...
Looks like is headed to Oakland. Congrats to him. Enjoyed seeing him grow over the last five years
The minute you read something that you can't understand, you can almost be sure it was drawn up by a lawyer. ~ Will Rogers
thanks doll! :-)
Beautiful weather means brewing outside! Who's brewing what this weekend?
Does anyone actually think an SM57 up on the snare head sounds so great? I sure dont, it sounds choked and abrupt, but everyone wants it.
Starting tomorrow it will be majorleaguesportstalk.com , take note. Focusing in on fantasy baseball
You must have missed my 'No Stones Found in Stone Beer' expose.
Taking bets on whether #dickclark will be doing New Years Eve "weekend at bernie's" style this year. Don't blame me. TV execs r shameless.
In 1872, Susan B Anthony was arrested and convicted of attempting to vote. In 1979 the U.S. minted a dollar coin in her honor.
running from a great performance by Natalie Merchant to the Merritt Fund Gala at the Folger Library - both with my best friend!
yes it was so cool seeing how it's all done
yeah it was so funny. Glasses and everything. I bet he would LOVE to see you! Hahaha
Honestly..I think I'm gonna miss school. Never thought id say that. But for real I have so much fun at school! And I get bored so easy!!
Crazy busy here in Austin! Bring it!
Just paid a bill by check...*gasp*
's course at is what I imagine a good workshop must be like. Constant stream of good advice and inspiration.
Shout out to my little sister, follow her!
re: recognizing talent - call a candidate's non-provided references
jajajja nose que are lo are aorita
S/o for the follow what up homie
Looking for people intrested in advertising on foot in various locations. Know anyone who wants to make a couple extra dollars?
working on the whole set, specifically new songs "Get Dangerous" and "Wonderful World" anyone ever seen a real red swingline? we want one.
And with a pipe she flies to the motherland. Love listening to before bed
Macgamut? ..::shudder::.. I haven't thought about that in a while. I think I'm going to start having flashbacks now...
well, people Who have that sort of mentality don't matter. From what i can see, you are a charming, witty, pretty girl. (:
is excited to release some new music in the next few weeks -- stay tuned!
hell yeah - tore it up!
where were you 4th of july
Bryce Harper with his first career bomb... many more to come, will he be catching soon?
Other than the emotions though, I enjoy my night.
Okay, so it's 12am & I'm craving Nutella.<3 that shit is good.
Thank you for sharing William!
Ha, uhm okay?
East town farmers market 8-12:30 in cathedral square. They have pumpkins!!! Only two more weekends left
I'm proud of you!
Haha right! Rob is such a weirdo!
waka down the street, waka dog on a leash, waka Texas ranger, Luke sky-WAKAAAA
Great to meet at #TribeFest and discuss strategies for using sports to achieve social change in the areas of her work
I would love to help but it may be easier to find an ESL (english as a second language) tutor in your area.
The Casual Geographer on the air next! follow the show
SEX WORK IS REAL WORK
Wow! RT : Tyler Perry is like the cinematic "Koch Brothers' Brother From Another Mother." H Cain & T Perry, the "Coon Ticket."
You gettin money?? you think dem niggas you wit is witchu??
Super Excited about TONITE - - S/O to coming through Tonight!
SDGE has city and county by the perverbial balls
While hubby has worked all weekend I have managed to return to Hawaii, Costa Rica, BVI, Cabo, and Playa del Carmen all this weekend..
The pursuit of approval usually ends in disaster. -Chris Morris
They charge for "unattached" elastic IPs
The wrestling night from hell...
I don't really hate you, it's just that if you were on fire, I'd roast marshmallows.
I can't believe today is the Seniors last day here at the high school.....that makes me sad :(
magazine livable city ranking top 5 Helsinki, Zurich, Copenhagen, Munich & Melbourne. Each w/Attention to Design, green & balance.
I love your gay son.
Go lakers, for ma baby😘💜💛
": Oh, so you're a beer pong champ? That will get you far." Hahah
Tip: Everyone should eat breakfast before they come to orientation! It's going to be a long day and we want you to be focused and energetic!
How's the Yaks teri by your work?
Sonic run with my mommy! Yes.
What's for dinner tonight #Indy?
As we enter the next phase of purpose. Be prepared to be pruned, trimmed, and set apart. Many cannot go where God is taking you!
Austin Mahone "THE BIG BREAK IN NYC"
#20ThingsAboutMe Tumblr & Netflix are pretty much my life atm.
Hadn't realized my tweets were set to private so most won't have seen my #FutureCast tweets...
And it was self-taught! A lesson he'll carry to the grave. Hahaha.
I appreciate the thought of communal kitchen duty at work, but seeing the stuffed rat on my desk as a reminder of my turn is off-putting.
Why do I need scissors to open a packet of scissors? The whole point of buying new scissors is that I don't fucking have any.
Going To Go Get My Eye Brows Done ☺
Colorado!!!! We love you and we think you would love us as far as our service! We can service your copier and printer!
RT : She is my dancer when she dance i throw her dollars she work hard for the money so so hard
So many GOOD singers this season but I think Phillip Phillips is still my favorite.
preaching to the choir!!! Feel better:((
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead if you're offended, you're probably about to get mentioned.
I thought for a second it wouldn't happen, but at the same time... there was the numbers issue. I knew it had to be someone. Bleh
Stella and Patron at lunch. NIIIIIICCE
Sauteed mushrooms for breakfast this morning. Memories of tbilisi. Yum.
full house at bombers on Tuesday night - good stuff for video! Coming soon!
Oh My God!!!! Your dream come true!!!
Daily GTKY question: Would you rather take pictures or be in pictures?
“: 3 sleeps away from the finest day in Dallas. 🍀🍀🍀” agreed.
Keep hearing writers say "it's time drain" but Twitter users know time saved, info gained.
I be working guys. I'm sorry.
Sorry i been wrapping a few things up,Hit me up this week : Lol I had sent 1 more email
looking at hair products and wishing i had long hair
that wasn't intended to be a criticism of your work (which i appreciate a lot)! definitely interesting-just very skeptical myself.
Congrats on Best Man 2! Fans are so excited!! Can't wait to hear more about it!
Reminder: No Free Play party tonight as we're having one Saturday for New Year's Eve! Hope to see you there!
Growing up here comes the growing pains..💆
If Robert sings that song 1 more time I'm going to explode. >.<
check me out and add me on myspace: www.myspace.com/sethnathan
Your mom told him to get the botas with the long tip.
They Criticize You Then They Follow You....
Yea I sometimes jam to Katy Perry...problems?
Just left the district 5 county supervisor candidate forum. Very enlightening. Thanks to Washington Park Partners & Martin Drive for hosting
On Tomlinson Tuesdays we should wear striped shirts with suspenders.
ugh, well said girl. unfortunately, i do it all the time :( haha
that movie describes my life too well
did the eagle scouts have a badge for lying too?!?!? you must've gotten many
Menon: identifies with other, sympathetically
Thanks for the RT
Let's go Yankees
I'm totes #teamPhillip ;) Should be a great battle!
&#39;American Idol&#39; Down to Four
Steals! We did great
Huge gain Auberlen currently driving the #155 BMW Motorsport RLL car has pushed to the lead position for GT class!
hahah your cute xD you wont ave to dress for williams be happy :)
Thanks for following! Hope you find our information useful!
we appreciate the following and the local love!! Hope to see you soon for Happy hour :)
I just saw someone rollerblading...apparently it's 1995 on hwy 1...
No water supply for five families in Ampang
me too it's not right!! What else is he gonna make them do!?
hmm I'll have to talk to t mobile
true that lol..
Just freaked. Thought daughter was looking at "Hot Match" on computer, then saw it was "Hot MATH." Not hot. I couldn't understand any of it.
working on the 2012 calendar today...sneak peek coming later
Hey everyone, we had to reschedule Marc Maron today, due to unforeseen circumstances. He will be on Fri at 945am!
I know it's been a while but yeah... the have been a disappointment at times. Too bad Lin got hurt. Bibby is the man tho.
Theres a perception of things around u when u walk, things u never noticed b4!
Always trust the person who can see these 3 things in you--the love behind your anger,sorrow behind your smile & reason behind your silence.
u all as a fan base should stand up and demand better than what you all are getting for bball
When angels forget to fly; when it's twenty below in july; when violets are red, and roses are blue; that's when i'll stop loving you<3
As if u hating wasnt enuf now ya homies gotta hate for u ....its jus facebook
My dog needs Ritalin
oh hi wolfgang gartner. lets be friends forever
like a huge one
Hate when they ass dont answer the phone!!!
Joshua just stole that song from James.
tweet tweet
Hoping to do an Olympic #Triathlon in 2012. The obstacle? That swim! I need to become a stronger swimmer? Any ideas?
We're making dropcards for our new EP. It feels so 21st century.
you could totally tiptoe through those puppies.
Enjoy 25% off Espresso drinks with purchase of a muffin or coffee cake @ Einstein's Bagel Bros. this week!
Hetalia gets a TV-MA cause of one f-word
for real we about to step out the door I will be at ur casa in a few min
#citrixsynergy and the gates open come on over to meet me and I may throw on the game for ya!
no doubt homie! keep up the grind
thanks for the follow
The Chicago Bears and head coach Lovie Smith have agreed to a two-year contract extension through the 2013 season.
a day for lovers lol
Another sleep-deprived day in hell brought to you by Dickhead McTweet and his birdy pals.
we cold lampin on the turn tables cuttin it up...
I know that girl, Poison, right?
Hey Andrea, could you send more info? . Thanks!
How did you and your family spend the holiday weekend ?
good question.
Selena Is The Sweetest Present In Our Life :) <<<trend that
2011 went by too quickly:/
don't forget to vote for Stallions in this week's indie soap poll! it's our last eligible week until Season 2, help make us #1!
I suspect had something to do with this?
don't stop at Burbank...
Never surprised by all the talking heads trying to push up stocks. If things are so good let's the numbers do the talking. Short some more
Got through my digital libraries and copyright presentation, working on Google Books/University partnerships research project.
Make #Dallas, #DFW your next market! Great idea!
NO COVER CHARGE on Wednesdays1!!!We're gonna start this year off the right way!!! Twenty Ten!!
I hate how guys know they're in a relationship or you're in a relationship and they still try to flirt -_-
Not by gutting magnet schools like Poly, that's for sure. In the name of equality, that's what they're doing.
Really looked like something was wrong when he was on the bases, too. Normal Rickie tries to score on the Aramis base hit.
it's good haha, I'm still trying to find a comfortable way to sleep at night
“: doing the KU Clap on the tonight to pay off his bet was awesome” you're such a KU fan
Some people are ugly inside and out.
#LTNY CIOs recommend keeping emails brief, 3 bullets or less. my tip for writing for attys is to create the mssg, then cut out half or more.
you are right re crowdfunding but sec 201 is good; will do away with general solicitation ban for all accredited rounds
It's not who you know, it's who knows you and how they know you.
oh and I love you too haha
that's great! Just keeping busy and trying to kick this cold! He likes me and doesn't want to leave me :) Have a great weekend!
good wuz up baby...when am i gonna see u again?
Megan McGlover changed my life! She is the 1 4 U! I live N. ATL & She'll comw 2 U,the best2 both of you,Marie M.
: Happy Birthday Dave!!! Hope you are enjoying your day!!!
UM YES YOU WILL LOL
def can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow more sexy pics for this john!
Good Morning Tweets ! What Do You Love About America ?
I know. It's too ridiculous to be true, but unfortunately it is.
nice work! more updates please!
Some ppl jump too soon, without a budget or even knowing what exactly they need the site to do for them.
Your performance on Day 3 was magical. Totally worth the heat stroke!!!!
“: Zimmerman on the run. Hahhaha” that bitch been on the run...
Follow my official nail art #instagram "Nailnista_" & report "Nailnista"
marlon byrd better be able to hit a 9 run home run. #firelucchino let cherington do his job
Can't sleep so decided to drive to wal mart for some starch for my work shirts.
Dolphins reach contract agreement with UDFA Derek Moye (). The former Nittany Lion is set to make $7.67/hr (FLA min wage) this season
startup will participate in #Life30 with its #dating app, Apr 18
How could you not close a set with "Sweet Disposition" and remix?
i did
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!
Daje Johnson just Tweeted "STAYING WITH TCU"
be on that man vs food shit
Amawele's chefs and owners Wendy and Pamela Drew doing their thing in the Marina District.
Well, now that I've finished all of "Sports Night", I quite frankly don't know what to do with my life.
I hate right now.
learing about South Asia, Visual Literacy, images that inspire to write, elementary school program 4 low socio economic elem schools LA
Shut out #Mariners win
I now have to factor in #Instagram time when I leave the house so I'm not late.
I'm going to check out hunger games and I'll probably leave pissed off because it's not as good as the book, even though I never read it
Do you think a man of my strength could hit one out of AutoZone Park? Soft toss, wooden bat
Just love you... Your a doll
miss you too and i will
Tell me what you guys want me to vote for on Austins poll ! (:
haha, the mustache suites you very well(:
What do u want ur tombstone to read?
Now just need beer an ice tea trifecta of brew immortality!
Just requested interviews with Michael Haneke, Wes Anderson and David Cronenberg for #Cannes2012 I think it's going to be a great festival!
hey whats up :)
Avoid all needled drugs, the only dope worth shooting is your EX :) /via
Q: How did the Norwegian people separate themselves from the #1percent in the early 20th century?
hi doll so glad your on here!!!!
#Roark #Roark #Roark ....worth the wait... Go BIG BLUE
bruh I heard a rumor you died! Was that a lie?
Okay, duh. I think I see why #soschat is needed over #sos. #sos wild with fascinating non-ed comments. Took me awhile.
Happy National Kazoo Day!
Why give a fuck if a motherf****dnt give fuck about u
This is in reply to your tweet Favorite book - ORACLE-SUNKEN EARTH trisefbook.com
Did u know? The Crime Stoppers program has paid out approx $90,000 and resulted in the recovery of 112 firearms since inception. It works!!!
Gone biking...
I think it's made from chicken but I'm not sure. It's hard to read the label writing.
usa jaja, soy gringo D:
is doing the #sschat about this now... she demoed w/students at
Sunday night and listening to talk radio before I need to get ready for work on Monday. Sipping my java very slow and feeling the caffeine.
glad we could be of some help!
Thanks for the follow! Excited to get your #insight on
Can't wait til the Monday morning I can sleep in !!!!
Whatever, that made the character awesome, and you were great on 3rd Rock.
Don't forget, there is a meeting for COLLEGE AGE STUDENTS tonight after service in the Youth Worship Center.
Music is just taking the sounds life is already creating and replaying them in a way that we can understand.
I feel like I need a shower after that movie...
The necropsy performed on a bear killed in Lino Lakes last night found apples in its stomach... evidence that someone had been feeding it.
says car hit pole. Power should be back on soon RT what's going on in se Portland. No power. Not even for stop lights.
#NP Meek Mill
Thank you!
Yes, at the end of the fall semester.
I know that feeling. Even with these papers, I can't seem to make myself stop commenting so much. They're taking forever.
Happy Birthday
lol key word ROAD lol shit is stupid....what city dont have an express--way
The longest-lived Apple computer of all time was the Apple IIe, which was on sale for nearly 11 years.
wow... i want kurt warner to pull out a winner for old times sake but we'll see
I love that movie!
How have I made it this far without knowing about #TwinPeaks??
not if you had my last 12 hours: rescued 2 dogs form the kill pound, dog bit small dog and then this morning.......
go follow this lil man
Thx Steph! U need to see her in person soon!
ive been really bussyyy... so how you been?
“: Blackshear was a pleasant surprise tonight Kyle had problems with the uk length again”
If you don't ask you don't get.
#Houston come in and get ur crawfish on for $5.95 a lb here at plus got some seriously gorgeous waitstaff!
We're only 13 fans away from 400! help us get there before our final 2012 prom fair TOMORROW! :)
I should really just rename my job "The papercut chronicles"
“: Closing is critical to bring about change, critical to deliver production, critical to survival and make things happen.”
It's time to get some rest. Got to get up early to take the boys of the church & community to #Let Us Make Man. speaks at 9:00am
Radio story about yahoo CEO falsifying resume...checked it out on Google. And there you have it.
#JockSandwich The Henry Rodriguez mayo peppers anchovies and tofu. It Sucks
of course I did, what did you expect? Well I have to go to bed I have class in 4 hrs,, smooches.
- whatcha planning on doing?
two 3 hour classes today! yayyyyyy(sarcasm voice)
Extremely uncomfortable and awkward post game interview with Thad Matta.
wtf did I just watch
This homeless dude on my street has a positive swagger that makes me incapable of wallowing in self pity.
Kid Cudi's Day N Night makes me feel like driving through downtown or Hollywood at night.
So you're homeless, but you are sitting there drinking beer and smoking... Hmm, that makes me want to donate to your cause...
we would of had both if we made it to the 2nd round too
“Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.”
I love cecil! I'm gonna name my kid cecil.
Diddo RT : I love a girl with full lips
Where do you even but peach champagne? That will not be part of our wine class.
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 3
Along with cotton, tobacco/coca/alcohol are linked to the institution of slavery & the violent expansionism of US imperialism.
everything has just been going wrong man wish life had a rewind button at times
love you to best friend!!!! Dude I'm in biology supposed to be soon a review but on twitter instead!!:D #cluelessteacher(;
Dollar General looks to take grocery business market share, WSJ reports
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. ~Leonardo DaVinci
yes I'd love to! Let's talk on fb w/out the text limitations. Miss you!
b/c you said youre suppose to follow random people lol
haha it's all the same ish.
When your teacher lets you do whatever you. Want because shes lazy to do teach you anything >
Saw at Castleton Mall Last Night....AMAZING!! Love ya Cody!
I said Rodman was underrated & I don't mean Rodman in general but early Pistons Dennis Rodman that could put up 20 and 20 game
everyone knows I can't stand Nicki Minaj & of course the girl behind me on the plane has headphones so loud I can hear the whole album. Blah
I felt like I had no other options, I really wish things didn't have to be this way but its for the best. For everyone
“: Hugging cute strangers #yolo ” too bad he wasn't a stranger to me ;D
Life isn't a field of Pansies, shit happens.
that's real
Sweens! I miss the Sweeney Sweet Spot wx segment, buffalo chicken po' boys and Sunday night Chinese buffets
is in your extended network.
Need to get retired/ soon to retire tchrs heavily involved-they see & know it & aren't at risk.
RT : Fact: 8th-graders in NV, CO, HI, & RI improved in science, reading, and math in 2011!
To be persuasive, we must be believable; to be believable we must be credible; to be credible, we must be truthful.
During storytime today, I accidentally called Captain Hook a "yellow-bellied COCK-fish" in front of a huge group of 4 year olds
daaw thanks david, you're such a sweetheart! You're gonna do awesome tuesday, I know itt! You got your #1 superfan over here!! :)
my cousin
Dwyane Wade is the best player in the NBA - Jeremy Lin
The golf swings coming along. This Florida weather helps!!
good morning dreamers .... lets go
If you're tweeting about bark dust.....stop. JK
At Leftspace photography studio San Francisco
Checking out our temporary space for Lost and Found (Opening on April 5th). It is going to be amazing!
Gotta love a 30 minute 1st inning.
That's really cool to hear :) I'm quite fond of "Sleeper"
One big difference when you have a girl in the band: our van smells way better than your van.
ugghhhhhhh wanna move there so bad!
": What's up with my luck today #gone" I got fucking plucked.
Exhausted broke and full
Nut straight vs nut straight in PLO. One straight had the nut flush re-draw. That's the hand that lost.
and we're excited to have you!
ringring!! Hi BROOKE! Thanks for the follow!!! #talk soon! help spread the word about #mofones! wooh0O!
Lindsay Lohan scares me...
Just finished Science Proficiency.
Nothing like Napa berry juice and a day in the sun
Hey why is the Red Line Fucked?
Is the “saw your github profile” recruiter technique new? I have had an uptick in emails with that quote lately...
Reckless Trading: Directors/Owners of small/medium co's know well in advance when to asset strip.
changin my name
Either you run the day or the day runs you
Calling it now. The Thoughts: AMAZING
Must train for #toughmudder tomorrow. Cannot be a good trainer if I forget to train myself!!
You've been dating for a day, you aren't in love, shut up.
happy early 14th birthday you will like being 14 i know i did(:
ya I'm just fired up after reading uneducated (mostly White Sox Fans) tweets all night. Small steps towards that ultimate goal.
Shake it off Freddie
not to bad
It's funny how ur such a fucking slut and u find that acceptable
what up and whats yo new number
Word of advice from uncle to dad: don't listen to what people say about your kid. Even though there rascals, there worth it!
Thank you, yes I was...
Rape session my house
Wouldnt be surprised! Or maybe #TimeToCallPAT ?
I HATE my job....but I love getting paid!
holy cow what a nightmare.. I'm scared for you!!! lol
Advance your career at LA on 11/5. The Master Talent Teachers will be in booths #134, #135, #136, and #137, stop by and see us!
IF UR IN LA and follow come to the Dodgers game Monday NIGHT! Tix still available online...dodgers.com - She'll be hanging!
I can still remember the words and what they meant As we etched them with our fingers in years of wet cement
She got me in here watchn The Vow...
I've gotten about thirty of them in the past few days. Should they be blocked?
Have you been slacking on your e-mail newsletters? Valentine's Day is a great opportunity to check in and send your subscribers some love!
I'm so high on caffeine right now I feel like Rick James B*tch !
Well. That was 14 surprisingly readable pages in one sitting. ~10 more pages and ~20 more short essays to grade before the semester's done.
#atxcouncil approves solar committee unanimously.
you too!! We don't want a replay of yesterday!!
I CANT WAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
the spurs gonna win in 5
When I logged in to the CF seminar, there was only 4-5 other people. So it may not have been that bad...
Putting the finishing touches on my portfolio/resume website! Can't wait to see what you all think!
u have heard it said 'red letter day' but get this: unintentional utterly cool factoid: 333 following us, we're following 333 folk. Nice.
HOLY SHIZZNITT! UR GONNA BE IN POPSTARMAGAZINE IM GONNA BUY ITT! is there gonna be some pics of u in there??(:
yeah I bet it's rapidly approaching more dangerous than the elevator shaft status
i hate when spam accounts follow me -_-
New Yorkers Volunteer, our newest Community Conversations co-sponsor, is the #NYS Commission on National & Community Service
How 'bout celebrating teacher appreciation week by hiring some of us back?
thanks for the love
Mr Kitty is fairly placid, but a mighty hunter.
DS: thats true.. i just want him to suffer ASAP!
oh ok that's nice of u :)
Nicholas Sparks never fails to warm my heart and make me cry:'). the jerk.
love u Ralph!
Almost 2400 US troops where killed at Pearl Harbor this morning 70 years ago and many still lay entombed inside the USS Arizona.
heck yeah I'm happy Chase is back! Definitely getting his jersey. He was so special on this last Super Bowl run
Happy Resurrection Sunday Tweet Fam!
Went out to eat & didn't even order soda.
o nick ta no ultimo ep!
So - you guys remember that WebCamWindow 2.0 thing we talked about? Yeah, it's freakin' huge! And awesome. What's in it? Lotsa' code!
when u r crushed because u never got a birthday tweet from :(
PeakDiscovery to attend The Masters Conference in Washington DC October 3-5, 2011
Seven Layer Bars Seven layer bars are a classic dessert that was popular in the 1970s. Simple to make, these layered bars are rich and sw
Our line up is so good it should be illegal - definitely fattening. Arian Saleh, Jesse Macht, Zach Provost, George Stanford, Millie Hansen.!
#ThatMomentWhen you've been writing for 4 hours and realize that you've had to pee for the past 2...
Election: guy who thinks it's okay for someone besides Etta James to sing "At Last" at inauguration, vs a banker.
that one actually still confuses me...lemme see if i can find u on google+
What the fuck is going on with the Lakers?
It'd be cool to live with a monster. You would never get hiccups.
Mr. Furley was such a rad dresser.
sent u another one
Then u gotta g ugly wit them they hve a problem # wtf
hello, end-of-semester sinus infection. i thought i could avoid you. anyone have good remedies to knock out the infection?
": There has been more written about the obscurest of Star Wars creatures than there has about water."
I plan on it. u wanna babysit, lol
I dream of eating 4 sandwiches! I totally could put a SO MUCH FOOD AWAY easily! *sigh* I love food
just another Tuesday...at work....nothing to see here...keep it moving...
I swear, if I see one more pre-1920 imprint with an OCLC record that says "Also issued online," I'm going to throw my shoe at the screen.
heading to to do some touch-up painting. I love
Hahaha RT": “: Just take a xanax, you'll forget it ever happened.” I need one after this game"
AYPB tomorrow, honestly i don't give a rat's ass if we got outside or not. I'm only coming for the food.
we don't offer that, but we might in the future. If u link your exfm profile to player it will play all the songs from profile
Koreatown to LAX by way of South Central. The possibility of a flat tire is less scary than the freeway at 6 pm.
quite a statement RT : RT “IKEA is the least sustainable retailer on the planet.” Wig Zamore #quote #csr<
fans can criticize moves we make now, but it's a well known fact we aren't signing big ticket FA's. I'll take what I can get at this point.
Any artists, craftsmen, sign painters out there to craft me a sign for my front porch? Creativity wanted.
checking out the #cardmunch app
Gotta Give it to talking about #divekick on Cross Counter lol. Freaking Hilarious. Keits is the best.
it's not like anyone on twitter can hear it! Lmao
Most of us just friendly orbiters “:column on #nvgop nuttiness, but first had to block some followers from the Planet Paul.
Wow, Emily picked The Egg guy? Darn! I wanted to see what he'd do with it if he wasn't chosen. 6 kids' guy is crying? Really?
Text me like now
Getting an early lunch, caramelized tofu bowl with the kimchi slaw at !
Oh #AmericanIdol. Sometimes the truth hurts and some of those people need to know the truth. Will it grow on you?
Providing feedback on the next ALA Financial Learning Series webcast.
Oh I know my face just cleared up about 10seconds ago. It's so well written!
Tip: Avoid bargain headshots. At $250 for 3 looks done in 1 to 2 hours, the shots will NOT be amazing OR creative! U get what u pay for.
RT : We'll meet again in The Night Kitchen! RT:RIP Maurice Sendak "Please don't go.We'll eat you up.We love you so."
I'd like to see that sonetime
Just so you know... I'm hosting a contest for my next video girl
Cavs still gonna lose with their piss poor defense, that is unless Kyrie just comes out of nowhere & swats it" eat these words Sir
After sending a risky text, one minute seems like an eternity.
Before ‘08, yes. After, most sweating was over big stuff. Industry spent a lot of time shrinking newspaper model vs. transforming.
I already have 425 followers. I love you guys!!! Haha I never thought I would have that many! :)<33
Oh god why
Epilepsy Update is going well. Community and docs learning lots about epilepsy!
Did you know your body rebuilds itself every 11 years!?
So glad i can get some good sleep tonight.
To Los Rancheros!!!!
Need some pep in my step.
Internet as the most democratic (and cheap) media, says
Me too. Having too much fun w/ #me -But I got ice cream! lol I am having to much fun with this party of 1
To Live Above The Law You Must Be Honest
The best part of any day is watching a play date between Coco, our bldg mascot dog, and a resident's pup, Pono. Lots of running & hilarity!
Yeah that was me!
That's not usually the tweet I'm expecting to see on my feed...
Why the hell does Royce annoy the shit out of me!?!
KK IF YOU FOLLOW ME I'LL GIVE YOU A HIGH-FIVE. yes, i AM bribing you with high fives.
As a Cards fan, I find the whole thing hilarious
RT : Pre #WEMTA meet-up at Damon's Grill 6:30PM Wednesday. Join and for appetizers!
Itching...to get inked. belated birthday tattoos! Oh please!
A lot to do after school, but number one on the list is to see my dad :) glad he's starting to get better
my buddy and hilarious comic Trevor Smith randomly sent it to me.. Then I did the flyer but how cool is the drawing?!
I go to a school with a bunch of fake ass people that's all I know
How many games til the finals? Can Lin do the job? How's Lebron doing on the court?
Now it's time to listen to Hot Sauce Committee Part Two.
I miss my baby
Gonna use this at tomorrow's staff mtg! MT : Libraries are places for *creation* not just discovery says
cool yeah hear good things about the 624s....only complaint I've heard is w bass response.
Say #WHAT?! MT : Stats of Chelsea-Barca: 47 shots to goal. 4 posts. 2 goals. Chelsea: 4 shots to goal, 3 goals. #what?!
I'm going to get my principal to play Superluv during the media show I'm going to be in!!!:)
omg school is crazy
then you should be able to upgrade? you become eligible to upgrade and recieve discounts on phone every 18 months
congrats homie that's my dog bash. tell that fool i lost his contact but now you connected so it's good lol
Hey chris please reply i need to talk to you
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :) 9
#ASTD2012 James and I each won a kindle fire from franklin covey. I am twitterpated!
The best way to predict the future is to create it. – Peter Drucker
ugh, I really have no idea what you're saying at all. Sorry
Hey world
let's work together on that..I have some great ideas
I would die if I thought someone was saying really bad things about me. Thanks for the heads up. #God'swork
Big sigh. 'twas fun.
Rejection Therapy, Losing my Virginity - Branson 's recs
Authors Note: Hey folks. stevekingisms are still out there. Ill be better about posting them. gets mindnumbing sometimes. had 2 take a break
It's good to take a step back and really look at someone. Like....why do I like you? You're not even that big of a deal boo LMAO
Is it possible to have food poisoning 12 hours(or more) after you eat? Ate calamari for first time last night. I'm allergic to seafood.
Step dad: Hey who stole my fork? Me: I did, here. Step dad: I'll FORKIN kill ya! Lmaooo.
Met with a client that not only got my obscure reference to the Glomar Explorer, but worked on it as well. So cool.
Armoires Hutches Store Online: DMi Rue de Lyon 73 in. Executive ...
I really wish that zip line w/the pig on that commercial would break! #superannoying!
LOL at the Cirque performer doing a handstand on the aisle seat. Whoever that was in the seat looked so uncomfortable :P
Way to go Jo! The triangular paths came out especially well!
still doing history homework...
Current Jackpot for Mega Million is $640 Millions. Got your tickets. I just heard that one group has purchased $1.2 million in tickets
Kupuna Hula Festival today & tomorrow. Stop by if you can.
I have missed your words of wisdom
Thanks to my birthday nalah's new favorite toy are balloons
So proud to FINALLY be able to call myself a member of #TeamMargaret Powerful stuff.
Oh no! Why?
yeah but there are some cute peeps in the BX ;)
Typo indeed. As for the rest, uh...thanks?
Such a beautiful day in NOLA. What better way to visit all the festivities than on your bike. And what a way to get some exercise in!
was amazing. Plenty of great discussions regarding Drupal setup and automation with Patterns, Context/Spaces, Deployment, etc.
I have seen your driving. You were who they compared to.
I'm taking Edwin. I never trust Zimmerman. He's always injured and I feel something is nagging him.
When Austins on the stage receiving his Grammy I'll be proud to say I've supported him from the start!
Howard is gonna be getting alot of those putbacks
Eat real! RT : The food we purchase is an investment & our ROI can be seen in our health (or lack thereof)
I know how those honors freshmen are!
": DM me when you do" umm hmm I know what going on
lol I hope you like my time line
what's gyc? I probably know it, I'm just a little slow!
I have been hacked, please don't open any messages sent in the last 12 hours from me. I can't send any more as I'm over the limit.
I had them while living in Ponce. Oh that Ponce heat makes it taste 2x as good.
How is everyone? It was so beautiful today!
How do I deactivate an account if I forgot my password & made a fake email up for it.?
Change of plans! Downstairs at guarapo!!!
lol we have the same name and spelt the same ^_^ TWINS!! ;)
In the end the love you take could be the love you make...
If that idiot really drove 600+ miles for a Loco Taco, he must have been on the verge of suicide and that was the only thing living for.
i fucking hate big sisters sometimes!
Thank you!
I'd hardly say 10,000 is next to nothing!
Twitter makes my day sometimes!!! Lmao!!!
Denial is not a river in Egypt.
Reckless Kelly + Rose's Pawn Shop tonight!
Nothing like a brief escape into Dark Side of the Moon for 31 glorious minutes to make it all OK. 2012, meet 1973. It was better than you
Degrassi. I will never get tired of this show.
Q7 Oh, how I wish I knew the answer! I try guilt, like "please don't make us use our limited funds to replace this book."
WHAT!? OUT! OF! HOT! CHOCOLATE!
2 car team up wish it was a pack racing but hopefully thing turn out good at the end
RT Understand who you're trying to reach before you build a brand presence #SMCDallas #DFWSEM / So important!
Absolutely! Thanks for the follow back. Glad you like it! Really really really really really glad.
RT : Kasten: "Dodger pride .. It's a feeling that just doesn't exist at ordinary franchises."
How does it Work real time ..Well U R the Boss What you say goes But, endless unseen enemies undermine U passive aggressive Ppl gnaw at U
Consuming 1.5 burritoes is exactly how I feel.
I doubt he even knows the word "cervix." what a lout!
when you feel like hope is gone look inside you and be strong and you'll finally see the truth that a hero lies in you
I have to take action to know whether or not my actions are mistakes
Arizona needs a fucking ocean
The ASU Sun Devils own the lead at the first media timeout, 9-3.
National bike to school day. Did you sing along? I did.
Thank you for attending this evening. Sorry I didn't get to meet you. Hopefully we can get to an event soon. :)
Hmm I'm thinking of a nap even though I just woke up
Lovin some life right now...gearing up for another weekend of shows-BH
I was guessing fish!
If you send me a game request . I'll send my fist a request to your face. From:Me
i have so much faith in them and they let me down
you are sure it was the fiesta people and not
": #RETWEET IF YOU HAVE #INSTAGRAM ON #ANDROID"
Wish you all a #PreHappyNewYear have a blast this weekend but remember to 'think before you drink' & stay safe!
"You're no daisy! You're no daisy at all!"
Funny when some people don't know anything about the sport they're watching...
It looks like it is going to be a very nice day with lots of blue sky. To bad I don't get to enjoy it much...
Well thank you! Much appreciated.
Catch up is putting it mildly. I am so far behind. I have missed everyone.
On The Bus omw Home
There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you.
"Other than founding of the nation, is most exciting thing to happen in Virginia"
No limt Superstar ent dinner tonight 9:30 @ hooters river oaks let me know if u can make it or not
USA Today says guns a big seller on Black Friday. Makes me want to shoot somebody.
Couples are eagerly booking rooms/pass for the next Ski the Slopes, get yours too. Spaces are limited to 80 couples. ski.swingfestevents.com
I just got bullied by John and steven :-(
I agree. Who are you excited to hear from at #ncte11? I'm interested in what Linda Darling-Hammond will discuss re: teacher ed.
Anyone in OKC looking for a semi-challenging desk job?
BEACH AWSOME..HOPE YOU HAVE FUN! #YEE YOU SHOULD write on THE SAND ND TAKE A PIC Nd TWEET ETT TO ME.PLZZ:)
With you on that! Mine will be "Fish Fry's and Bow Ties: Diary of a Southern Nerd" dead aim @ Lil Wayne & clones
#lazy. The show is awesome.
Hijole! That's too close.
I hope this #Celtics bench & Sasha Show up In the playoffs!
you need a torrent client. I suggest uTorrent.
#Minnesota #Twins have offered salary arbitration to three free agents, starting pitcher #Carl #Pavano, right-handed reliever
omg mine too<3
he's just being rediculous with that... Trying to be a rebel
Why you wanna see my spine, Mommy?
Comfort Eagle by Cake is one of the best albums of all time.
We Wintery Micks are staying inside to avoid the wintery mix outside.
attitude reflect leadership.
Even School Kids Can Floor You If You Don't Know This Much ...
is packing for a super early flight to The Hamptons tomorrow! Then some fun with friends in Brooklyn!
I was really going do my homework today but i got to school and there was karaoke........i couldnt resist lol
I get whole milk in my latte..
“: Would your friends to the same for what you do for them ??” only one person would do the same! Sucks, but true
Ugh my foot is bleedin
yup. It's about 70 pounds.
I'd take you, , but the redhead I'm bringing is MUCH cuter than you. We should do a game though. 4/11? 4/13?
I nominate Adele for top soundtrack for dental visits
EVERYBODY know$ the only move to TURN UP tonight is #FaceOffFridays at !! "ALL NIGHT!" Hosted by DJ Rasta Root!
we're with you! Let's do this, or I guess it should be let's NOT do this!
God is my EVERYTHING!
I'm going to my Papa's later. you can meet me there to go home
REPUTATION FOR TASTING :-)
Trickle down, job creators and all the other republican theories will be put next to Greek mythology in the history books.
you're ignoring me now? that's cool -_-
Feel so bad for my brother, worst pitching he's done in his life. #offtoday :/
Okay so tumblr works on my laptop but not this one. This is fuckin lame.
its exactly 5:00....let's.
Anthropologist Karen Ho author of Liquidated: An Ethnography of Wall Street -on Up with Chris Hayes, MSNBC (April 1) tomorrow 9 am EST.
& - Thanks so much for the RT and helpin' us spread the word!
Oh he didn't just say the word idiosyncrasies! Lol
Going to Georgia this weekend. It is going to feel good getting away for the weekend =)
I don't understand the willful ignorance. They said a lot of the same stuff about Kennedy 50 years ago too.
Holiday season must: The Brooklyn Flea Pop-up shops at Chelsea Market.
Finally! Tweeting your Dürenmatt piece line by line.
ok when i'm ready. Lol
We are often asked for assistance to locate the right Security Professional from a licensed established security company.
movers are carrying the heavy stuff out of the ol' and into the new!!
he is completely eligible, he was BORN in this country, and yes, i think he's the guy..do you like him for VP?
All you Colorado Hip Hop heads and Home Town Hooligans out there peep the Raw new tracks, link: www.reverbnation.com/Cynical303
The #SuperMoon is aweome and so beautiful!!!
“: How did you like the initial surprise?” it was just me. And it was cool
Good morning! Happy Mum's Day! (:
you can just blind the black men with your whiteness and run away lol ;)
3 hour ride down to NC today with 2 Chiefs and an Ensign just to pick something up, turn around and ride 3 hours back.
what do you think of the Black Veil Brides? Discovered them at the Sunset Strip Festival.
is at my house.
RT : I can't believe Lamborn is the only member of the subcommittee here.
I heard that pretty soon your iPhone will just be able to wash the clothes for you.
Things are looking good for 2011!!!
pleasee pleasee follow me (: my main acc. Is This is my personal(:
RT : "All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." Walt Disney
M, mint juleps!!! Have one for me!!
Just in time. Yay! RT “: Just bought my sister & I tickets for & the concert Friday night!
BTW , way to go on helping groom the next gen of social professionals. Very impressed w #socialSJSU engagement & questions : )
The teams get a little shovey around Ryan Miller. It's what we've come to expect from these two teams.
Neil Diamond grows the most epic beard during an "on the road" montage in "The Jazz Singer." It's Oscar worthy.
that hat is live!!!!
You're fatter than I am. Why don't you go to the camp?
You were born with wings. Why prefer to crawl through life? ~ Rumi
8.I like blue.
Just finished up some work with our friends in Canada. Catch you all later
Been sat working in McDonalds all day, like a lonely loner...
Watched NBC's Awake last night...they've got me hooked for more episodes. Chiefly, because I want to like the show, and enjoy the concept.
and to all of our new followers THANK YOU! We appreciate the follows! :)
Annoyed -.- but on the other hand happy finished my reading!
i need about 10 arces with house and barn to lease
what do you mean?
It might be December, but we've got summer in a jar from
Seared salmon swag RT : Killin this all u can eat sushi
current travel music: The Egyptian Lover. current travel snack: Jaymz' wasabe and mustard pumpkin seeds.
yeeeeh bitch !!! i wuz like HOY MOTHER OF GOD O.o
What a lucky girl!!
Yes, you did. I anticipated whether you were sincere. I will contact you later this evening.
RT #Sagittarius have no problem letting people go when they know they can do better.
Stay doesn't detect when you connect or disconnect a display - you have to trigger it manually. Thus my vote goes to Display Maid
Getting my nose pierced!
Am thinking about one thing to master in my life, and I'm wondering how hard it would be to master just "being well." Is that too broad?
Assigning a 'Sacred Space' essay today for comp class. Love petitioning for stories.
now joining #blogtrends chat - hello every one!
are you at relay?
Would you & Mom like to see Motherhood the Musical? Reply to us by 9am & we'll draw a name to receive tix & $10 DDcard for MomsDay DDonuts!
I wil be visiting a friend in NYC for new years. So excited. I was in London for 5 weeks. Miss it a lot too! Thx 4 follow!
no i will miss you too much!
Thanks for posting your #saa09 paper. One of my very favorite sessions. Walked away with so many ideas.
fresh out
And I'm thankful that I am able to make you as happy as you make me!:-*
These iPhone apps are Taking over my life lol
I do like cheap! I'll compare prices and see who wins :)
Plenty of craft beers in bottles and on draft, head on down to drink well with us! Drink Well, Drink The Lackman, Drink OTR!
this day just gone bad since i heard /read the bad news bout vinny
RT : Check the one with Obama on the front...good eyes
I wanna go home.
headed to Somerset homie. You'll get them next time homie.
Is the art of a simple "Thank you" lost?
Teeth whitening today! :)
Food for thought. sumthin 2 feed the brain and gain knowledge...
I might use both, idk.
haha :) is that really ur brother?
well, at least you have the excuse, unlike me.
J.P. Morgan New York City Headquarters, November 13 Apply by: October 23 Open to: Women in their soph/ jr year jpmorgan.com/winningwomen
It's too early for this game
#kids Host Families Needed for Students from Spain in the area to learn about American culture and improve English skills. at Pittsburgh...
2day is the 1st day that I get to play w/the real books from the collection! I can't wait 2 see what I find this afternoon.
Old hoes we dated.
My dad always gets stopped by airport security they like do the whole pat down thing
When do you come home?
Had a great time on the pavement with my students! Wouldn't want to grab them on the street (less wearing a cup and protective head gear!!)
Im so glad I have besties like them. Whenever I need them, they're there for me. (Most of the time) (: <3
Nope. The shushing is only encouraging more of the same.
so excited to see you! yes, let's meet up. i fear you'll be much busier than i. i'll send my sched as soon as i get it done.
Just at an emotional standstill right now.
Tomorrow we kick off the 'Rural Route Film Fest' -- the only place you can see these films in Oregon. Spread the word!
Free coffee and tea, plus 20% off all art and jewelry Black Friday 12-5pm at NewVox Art Gallery.
Is a lucky girl w/ lots to be grateful for: a family who loves me, friends who are there for me, a man who adores me, a dog who snuggles me
You choosing that over me.. Alright there's no argument there! Enjoy!!
Shopping day with my sister and Mimi in Allen
lemme get some
RT Evan Christian performing tonite at the Jazz Estate
See me on WBBM 2 news at 10 tonight
nopee you too be ready on Thursday lmfaoo
Me too! RT : Ima serve God till my last breath..
Congrats Chef Definitely well deserved. Can't wait to eat again.
Girls have to make shit clear cause apparently guys have no idea
great new pic. Love your legs :)
Be careful next not to hurt yourself from dancing?
I have made some major progress on my website! www.airlinecrew.com
just rocked the house #LakewoodHouston "we're gonna dance, dance, dance in this freedom we know"
This weekends WINNERS - Patriots, Saints, Texans & Packers. I'll be eating some Wings tonight!
What to do tonight.....
Frank's FREE plays tonight - Houston Astros +112, LA Dodgers -1.5 +165, Texas Rangers Over 5, LA Angels Over 4
I've lost hope in ever finding the boy of my dreams. Maybe my standards are too high??...nah ;)
#SMBmad is the hashtag we follow for this event. Just a FYI for the future.
Love it! And girl you're amazing :)
If you can't beat 'em, fight 'em.
it was nice to meet you at #smcsea. nice job and for sponsoring event. thank you!
happy NFL free agency tuesday!!!!!
Y kwanzaa after all the good shit gone?
Thanks! Added it.
- Thanks for rolling through!
you should get a viddy
Custard, you are tough, and I am tough. But who will write whose epitaph?
Ive heard the Droid has a terrible battery, but I guess it depends on the phone too
Think about it, headphones are such whores... they go into every hole they find ;)
I will always return your emails. :)
For $1.5M in partner investment in the LAUNCH initiative, nearly $80M in foundation & private $$ has been invested in solutions.
Prince comes up big in the clutch again. Departure will leave a massive hole in this lineup.
bang bang bang(:
Can't wait to see you in Houston. Just got tickets for your show in June.
So, was able to have the best team in the League w/ Cavs cast. If they were so bad, what does that say about #Heats support cast?
Senator argues for her amendment: "We shouldn't increase taxes on innovators and job creators."
Gasol makes me sick.
Gov Martinez announcing new PED rules re autism at 2:30 p.m at the Santa Fe Children's Museum. via
Watching the 4th quarter of the Clips-Grizz game last night on NBAtv. Might be late to work. Lol
Whats wrong with the police, get caught having sex on duty.....Wow!..:-)
bout the same...can you text???
You DO own it Cher. Support is not always easy to give, and I appreciate your support of the gay community. You will always rock.
lol you aren't evil!!! You have nervous laughter, I do too! I once had a laugh attack at a funeral
....well that was a wild few weeks. Farwell holiday season -- it's me not you -- but it's over.
ima just do me baby. nothing else.
RT : Think about the energy we generated in 1 hour, how excited u were 2 rhyme, & imagine your kids w/that same emotion
When your ex gives you your stuff back and it smells like beer
thank you for supporting the team :)
So we're flippin desk over now!? Oh ok.
Good Night!!
Jennings out only 2-3 weeks, caught a break there...
She also doesnt like ketchup on fried, eggs, breakfast food in general, grilled cheese and mac and cheese.
Okay, now is confused.
do you do mixtape covers?
homemade fondue
thanks for the follow and the RT, Jen!
Love seeing all these #hastags in the #SuperBowl commercials!
RT : Fantastic work! | Thanks so much.
I found out what my friend got me for my birthday... A life sized cardboard !! Follow me?(:
I'm gonna start a style where I leave every tag on every article of clothing I buy.
Did u check out new CrazyGirlsLV.com site? Wow! It's like a porn site, but classier lol (maybe cos it's b/w!)...cont'd (via )
My ankle hurts 😔
When is your panel? Come enjoy a Mixpotini at the #AAPC Welcome Recep, scan our custom QR code & enter to win a NEW iPad!
Its gonna so much fun. Whats better than meeting directioners, fangirling, and seeing the boys all in one day? NOTHING
np, love Ella, much respect for admiring her too! xx.
if you aren't a fan of daylight saving, travel back in time to this day in 1918, when Congress approved time zones and daylight savings time
While you were sleeping coming up next on the breakfast show!
Scott: ask any Gaslamp business how life would be w/o convention center. Seriously, do homework and go ask them.
I will be in the lobby of the Hyatt at Bar333 (wearing a scarf), so I think it is time for a #blend12 #tweetup before dinner ;)
I'm eating an apple
hahah I love hiiiimmm! He was definitely my favorite senior year haha
yo i dropped my phone in the toilet last night lol smh.i gotta get a new one but shoot me an email @
Unfortunately, no. Wish I could have made it. How's it going?
"I'm in a New York state of grind"
Thanks. Some say goofy but hilarious is kindly put. ;)
I WAS READING
lovin the pic!! That was a great show.
Lol, of course you can! :)
let me know if you stop by - can say hello and put you in touch with some of our social folks too
When I was a kid, I wanted to be older. Now that Im older, I just want to be a kid again. Getting older is so not fun.
whats better than #niallwhipshispenis ... i wud die if i saw that ;)
many thanks!!
lol uh oh
holy shit I only started following you today and I want to punch you about this whole #weredoinggreat thing but I love you
this is just too powerful. I'm going to sleep! Gotta work in the morn!
niccee i usually stay in colonia :>)
you never know until you try <3
i need a haircut/trim, my hair is way long, any stylist want to cut it?
di. criteria should not impact anyone! They should be use as a helpful tool. A tool that helps communication. Not insurance gig
*I know my health insurance company cares about me!*
Sub for 2nd block again :-)
Amelia! Stfu! Love u... Ps how did u do last night?
Q3: To protect your skin all year long with sunscreen, from a magazine article
Your reflection to others is evident in your actions. Always do the right thing.
good call that he'd be starting soon. Great pickup for the
#oomf is going to cut yo dick off...
Ravens going need the defensive line to step up which I think they can to fill the void of Suggs not being there
I'm going to John Prine Friday. I'll catch you next week. Get here early I don't think the nugget nectar will last.
How do we not have Affliction brand personalized license plates?
kids need exposure to Technology! It will be a way of life in there future! Mine @ five is a Tech kid in a home school setting:)
Great video on #ebooks!
I have a Director of Sales opening in New York Tri State area. Must have been a manager any level for at least 2 years and Ortho experience.
Rep Cohen talking about resurrection of BTW's neighborhood & our partnerships! He is flying back on airforce one with Pres Obama!
LOL...I don't know what I'm going to do when you leave for school **tears for real** LOL
At the studio goin' hard with D Report!
Thx ! Great to have you at Camp! RT : This guy...is always busy for is everywhere!
I see nothing wrong with #dogphotospam. nice additions!
RT MT "United Way has always defined itself by $ raised. Let's start to define now by how great our impact is" - Nat CEO
many women have decided to put off marriage until it is too late, not foreseeing that lifelong independence can be its own kind of prison
Taking Back Sunday ALWAYS reminds me of .
I'm here to keep an eye on
take yo drunk ass home
I'm surprised your CFB conference segment included ZERO references to ACC options/teams
We call that BENJAMIN REDEMPTION. The canes needed that punt return by Travis. #OSU 20 #UM 17
Oh Jason. C'mon now. Ur post was 120 char, giving you 24 more to play with. (Had to tweet since I can't send u priv message)
RT : Looks like rain again....... c'mon nice weather - show yourself - Looks like more snow, that's even worse!
A dentist once told me I only had to floss the teeth I wanted to keep.
Oh Nvm I'm On My IPhone N I Thought It Was Gonna Take A Min. Check It Out
RT : Sperling: we should be "deeply troubled" by GOP Medicaid cuts. Cutting program by 35 percent, up to 49 percent.
I have coffee! And the villagers rejoiced and put away their pitchforks and torches.
Though I live in Boston, I think the #Patriots are going to get smoked by the #Giants in the #Superbowl on Sunday. Sorry
It must be noted: it's pretty depressing overall IMHO. Especially for writers.
M we can't wait for garden veggies either! Best part of spring :)
Rondo had 69% of the Celtics' assists and 40% of their rebs.
#HTTR Just realized you are frat... GOMAB
Thanks for the Mention!
GAY PRIDE BITCHES! WE CAN'T BE STOPPED!
well, darling, you aren't broken...but we may keep our distance for a bit :)
I wanna have webcam with and
How did you not lose your lunch watching the circus freaks?
I'm replying an hour later. That's how my Monday is.
My first follow was ! I make my account for her :)
Good morning ladies & gents, from the last check in looks like #roaddron has crossed into IL, good luck kids IL is a strange plaee
Don't mind my ranting one of my friends died 2 nights ago and well LIFE IS WAY TOO SHORT
I now have a theatrical agent. Yay!
you're hilarious. I just remembered...we were supposed to have a beer in November. Double jerk? Nah
Entering the cone of uncertainty.
good morning! Do y'all market and sell the honey y'all make? Love honey!
Your show in Orlando was great tonight. Come back again soon it's gonna be even better.
Yes, email me there.
Kyubei is really awesome sushi!
Nice! RT : Watch for me on tonight at 5 or 6. Talking about tar spot on maple trees! Yeah!
Let's go all the way tonight.
my last like 30 tweets were my definition of love
Board members compliment each other on balanced budget.
Good morning.
His poetry was occasionally odd -- was he really trying to converse with his chair? -- but his tunes could move one to tears
Hello to !! She might have the *best* Bio on twitter ever~ Thanks to for the heads up on her!!
hey Michael how's my best friend and ur part time intern doin? My guess is phenomenal
I hate it when people with great potential to be something; become the complete oppisite and lose theirselves along the way.
Hey , those batik hangings in the stairs b/t 2nd & 3rd floors of the Info Commons building are not actually batik. Just sayin.
Statistically you would have to think so. But will it be enough to win?
Just realized I will be in night class while 's tour stop is less than one mile from my house. Really? ಠ_ಠ
I've tried emailing him before but never got a response.
when are you comiing to florida? Please say, i love you dahvie your my idol<3 ;") //
Tonight, we are young! (;
4 mile run, 2 mile hike, hit the gym to weight lift, and now ready to run some more
any great resources for creating templates in word? Assigning headline, subheadlines, etc.? Let me know!
U a hoe
Lemme tell you when I'll switch to "Timeline" - when you pry "Facebook Classic" out of my cold dead hands...
Tonight I'm @ the apartment in Lincoln park & club kiss @ 11pm & 2:30am on 1035 kiss fm Chicago & 1035kissfm.com
! : No more fishnet outfits, I solemnly swear!!!
Well said my friend.
Ppl got all these definitions about how real bf/man supposed treat his woman , psh…
Seems Like You Lose a lot of friends comin otta high school......didnt lose my music tho.
Awesome! Btw, if you have a chance, would you mind giving us a review in the Android marketplace? Would be hugely appreciated! :)
I remember when we used to call hurricanes "heavy rain." Times change...i get it...
Hearing my daughter say "Mama"! :-)
today's plan: don't stare and stare and stare at kelly kapowski if her kid is at music class.
geocache yourself to blue ash...
A sex injury is so much better than a non sex injury. Just saying.
hey edgar i don't think that's snow!
Pool day round 2, I think so!! 
u got toys?
#milwaukee Great show! Busy-we almost ran out flyers! Thanks to all for stopping, we look forward to working with you&enjoy your projects!
It's time to call it a day & a very long day it was. Thank you, friends! Ciya @ 8pm, it'll be here before you know it. Goodnight!
Just heard food called "delicious energy" on the radio. Hilarious.
The Devil be soo close to you it dont make sence the more blessings God give me The more the Devil feel he can try to devour n attack.!
OMG my sister is the scariest driver EVER! 8( <-- that's the face of fear
you are the first person I have heard say that, that honestly would be a great idea
Oh Santa....please bring me a little Napa Valley for Xmas!
I was joked at him
Omg wow. Ur such a friend.
So, so sad.
Once was absolutely beautiful!! Seriously! The music... The acting... Everything was wonderful!
luv u : Ready for some cool amigas for #FF?
I took the Who Said It: Cartman or Ted Nugent quiz and had to guess my way through. People take that man seriously?
TY for the
is it bad that I don't really like The Weekend Show... oh well I can't watch it anyway night
Congrats Eli and NY Giants!!
I will miss tweeting you up. When will you be back monday?
cool. I used to work in the restaurant industry many, manny, many years ago.
Looking forward to seeing my Tweeps at #spectrum12 #stcorg Glad you're making the trip!
Happy mother's day :).
Hi, #wiunion. Missed you all. Thoughts and prayers appreciated as I face demon of breast cancer. Back in MN land 4 now for surg/treatmt.
shout out to the bruthas!
you need to kill dat image with the "red background"...it looks like somebody took that pic at da mall. Too stiff. ❤ the ♫♪
RT if you're still up!! (:
when u plug ur iphone in the computer and it starts to upload my 1003 pics -_-
ok I will hit yu
Ha I could say the same replacing drupal with manuscript!
#LetsGoHeat let's get another 30 point lead
Welcome to the club...
“The best revenge is massive success.” We couldn’t agree more.
flacco makes u eat your words
Aww congrads to all the people who will be attending prom & graduating this year
Rise & shine! What is everyone up to today? Xo
Thanks everyone! Now to get cracking on the diss...
thats you love me.
sup im up and bored...who checking?
Con Viendo Vídeos de Christian Beadles
I have had enough golf this weekend to last me a lifetime.
ahh shit tonight's gonna be craa craa my boy is gonna be tearing up robotic Tulsa tonight every one in Tulsa better be there
hey alex (; good morning!! I hope you have a good day(: love you alex, please dm or reply to me!? <3
Do you agree, disagree?
We're hammering out the details of our next event and are looking for a food sponsor. Interested? Let us know: nick at refresh-dc dot org.
thanks! Happy Friday! “: Happy Friday! #FF”
Check your yahoo
beware telegraph nan-n-curry umbrella bucket -- 2 umbrellas went in before lunch & both wr gone afterwards! wet walk back 4 me & lunchmate
Tough loss, but to a great team...the season isn't over. Go Blue!
The only thing that turns the world from a lonely place to a beautiful place is love.
So, what wines are in your weekend plans? Stop by the Diamond Ridge Market, sample a few and then take a bottle or two home?
I have a heart that will never be tamed
