eh man i meant to message you i voted for u in the link u sent me that same day i dont really be up on the web so much these days
I like your shirt! (;
Or he could just do as he's told. Ya know that's sorta how things work when you have a job and stuff.
That's so meta.
RT Thank a TEACHER if you can read this. Thank a SOLDIER if you can read this freely.
Happy #FF to our #sandiego industry peeps:
is setting up a Bugzilla server for the external QA group and is migrating bugs over to Bugzilla from Hansoft!
Thanks for the #FF, ! It was great meeting Emily last night during class! :)
Thank you! We still vacation in the Ft Myers area, but I don't miss those FL summers.
Ok now stop!!!!
Loving you is possible, but you loving me seems to be impossible.
Chris= #TheCoolestPersonEver. (: I hope I can meet you some day! Thank you for all the interviews and everything ❤
Gød bless South Park.
just wait until tomorrow
By comparing online insurance quotes at our website, you are making an informed decision from the top insurancecompanies at
We call it Pluscious. lol RT : Is it from the plus or skinny line? I'll need the bodunk-a-dunk size. LOL
I'd be like, "You need to shoot more."
Want someone to become a risktaker? Support them 100%, for as long as they need. Then trust them 100%.
you need to step up your tweet game up son
My sister said when she get her house ain't nobody gone be able to Shit but her lol
Makin moves stay tuned!!!!
okay, this lady just yelled out she wanted a certain drink and this woman just yelled out,"i knew it! i have espn." surely she is kidding!
"I'll start off by saying this is crazy."->no joke. Fantasy & #sm totally changed sports industry
I hear that. It's easy to be seduced by sexy videos. It's why I became a filmmaker.
Last week to LIKE RoomBug on Facebook for a chance to win $25 GC for Chili's and a $25 GC for Fandango => Http://on.fb.me/fCuKg8 Ends 2/20
we are going to have turkey burgers tonight too!
steamed mussels across from the courthouse last night. Highly recommended.
what do you consider "bank" to be?
can you ask around for how many caregivers will lose access to helping those they support?
In English we were talking about how we order chaotic situations. I live tweet.
GREAT ADVICE RT : "It's abt the people. Employers, let them be themselves. Employees, share yourself w/coworkers, customers."
So sad I'm not going to SD to watch #UNLV take on SDSU tomorrow.
Sorry, i'm climbing a wall to save Cheetahs. Sounds like a fun nite/gr8 cause!
Day off consisted of Watching Jimi Hendrix, Bob Dylan & James Brown docs badass.
"And I'm the raisin is you," just came on..
christian favorited your tweet.(:
You never wanna get too comfortable in one circle so always have another one
A great summer eve in Midtown: first Thurs free concert in Mt Vernon Square Park tonight!
Love that quote.
Early night i think :-)
I want Think Like A Man on dvd
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 1
FYI it is FREEZING again in the office. I'm using my blanket.
is scripting for a live awards program and client's featured-products video; in post with financial client's state-of-the-economy video.
Dan, I think you meant the BEST of us.
Yet again, won't ever happen
Is he deleting it or protecting it?
Wouldn't doubt it.
look who it is. I smell a
Last night I had sex with a girl with a mohawk... i beat it up. She was Rodney King, I was four cops.
#uppers Wasn't going to tweet today but this segment got me MAD!
does this work?
Another great day to get creative > feeling the colors! :)
hehe that's true cenation rock :)
I still have my tamagotchi lmao
Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the maximum possibility, and fight for your desires.
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  7
Loved chatting with ya'll. Sorry it's not really big: work is calling :* Lol. Stay strong 💗
Sounds good to me...lol
Tonight's #Lakers lost wasn't so bad.. Win in Denver in game 6, then Artest is back for game 1 vs.
.Tweetdom Oh Tweetdom! Ive been away too long. Grabbing quick moments to comment occasionally is just not enough! Happy to see you Roll By
Mfs just got pulled over .... I swear to God I hate the police
I can't stop smiling. No reason.
OK, not naming names, but I've been trying out some of my hotel shampoo samples and I gotta say ick. My nose is burning from the perfumes.
Yeah for sure, I know a ton of artists who would be interested. let me know
you better ask about me, everybody knows I'm the chief king 😁
Yes! I'm so excited. Thanks for the discount. Appreciated the presentation.
#WDS “: Never miss a good chance to shut up!”
Who the fuck cares if they show skin. Stop fucken hating and assuming she's a hoe. Just don't worry about it! Its not you right? Yesh
good luck. make sure you look real busy at all times.
Even though I pay for college, my parents get the credit on their taxes...lame
Obama has declared Omar the best "Wire" character. Can't wait for his controversial "Diane was better than Rebecca" ruling.
#Prankster ;D
Bob, what about a contest, press releases, samples in the local community, you could kickstart a popup bakery
has just become our 200th follower, hurrah!
haha same here..
i dont know about all that lol RT : Favres career was over soon as he left GBP
Lost my voice. Thats probably the worst possible thing that could happen at this point
CALL TODAY FOR A FREE ESTIMATE , EXOTIC COLLISION CENTER (339-224-3371) JOHN
Join us for the last Monday night football game of the season!
HERES TO ALL We're all in the same game, just different levels. Dealing with the same hell, just different devils.
Flash flooding along my route home. I actually did hydroplane a bit. I did think of you on a bike and hoped you missed the rain!
wow your cool haha :)
Also, people seem to forget that autism is a spectrum (autism, Asperger's, PDD-NOS), which also explains the higher incidence rate.
RT Santa should promote clean energy this year. Instead of a lump of coal he should give a can of biofuel to the bad kids.
Mo, any idea what time it will fly over? Or around NY...
Let us know if you have any questions on the theming.
"Is it weird that I miss your dick?"
We don't know about you but we're ready for summertime! Who's with us!?
remain calm. keep cameras on. twitter doesn't take long.
Thank you Hailee! :)
Mt. Vernon today
I'm missing my Wife right now
Glad you had a good time. Give me a bit more notice and you can have Geek Boy sitting next to you! What's next movie?
Geez! I was wondering how my laptop could be pinging me while off.
yeah we are both hooked on the series! You need to read up before the release date!
Time to build a snow fort! Who's with me?
RT : I recommend attending the Cbus Intl Film & Video Festival. Films you can't see anywhere will have coffee there.
It's exam week! Know what that means? Half-off espresso shots at Mocha Joe's until Thursday! Good luck, friends.
good luck!
Snowing fat, wet, heavy snow. Has been all day... looking forward to the drive home (not so much)
By this time tomorrow will will have our first winners from the first ever Madison's Hardest Trivia at
Finally caught up on everything in my team's mailing list archives. Getting the lay of the land, slowly but surely.
Duke Snider we will miss you.
Apparently all it takes to reinvent yourself is a new accent and excellent waltzing skills. You can do it!
Guys will be guys. And even that wouldn't matter if only we could prevent girls from being girls. - Anne Frank
Drinking a cold brewsky!!
i was thinking about going to that , lol
You know those big, long, hard shits that make your asshole just gape in shock after its out? ....ya fuck those shits
no you love me really
Working on a novel based on true events. Actually wrote a chapter today! Hoping for MORE days like that.
The good: had Date Nite for the 1st time in 6 months. The bad: nearly burned down the house by leaving fries in the oven.
In the middle of a fascinating salt class with at Wow, never underestimate the power of good salt
Good morning all my beautiful people have a wonder blessed day
while working on a new song, i happened upon the word "stroppy". indeed, unrelated to the song, but it is fun to say.
lol yes sir! will do
I would expect as you can expect the train will arrive, or maybe you will pass.
Had a great spinning class at
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
BTW, the Bachelor/ette franchise producers have been sued for being discriminatory. If anyone's racist, it's clearly them.
Thanks! My library likes proof and numbers.
Hahaha my friend Giselle and I wore the same pants today.
Heading out to in a bit and then over to Jake's restaurant for second dinner.
thanks for buzzing about #pdx and for the follow!
win. Good night. I heard FLOPannari fell on purpose again on his way to the locker room. LOL
stop hacking ur sisters twitter
#SXSW2012 Nico Stone gets special recognition for his amazing debut performance in
Tired of this feeling
for no reason though
Damn you to hell iTunes and your "Damaged Library". All my precious ratings and play counts gone. Although no more Miley in my Top 25 now
yes the same Dev team.Iam living in the US and we have alot of work to do.Nice meeting u
BlackBerry Music Gateway: Streaming So Simple Your Grandma Could Do It
Glad I finished it
Thanks! Hope all is well with you too! I enjoy keeping up with you at least via facebook! :)
Follow Back?
follow back plz? :)
Finalists named today for ct state business plan competition. Confides didn't Qustir will be on there.
Welcome back to the Randy Moss. Signed a deal with the tonight.
good;) at least that makes someone:)
Happy Birthday! :)
awesome! See you in the am dude.
thanks for the follow )
thanks for the congrats. Was an honor to mentor and watch the other teams. The future looks bright for #lawwithout walls grads
"Rain has stopped play." I'm surprised you haven't purchased a broken record player yet.
well, I couldn't ask for a better prince than u <3 and yes we are the perfect two ♥♡ I love you more. *muahh*
Follow Oxy Golfers
“: Overheard on police scanners: Man shooting at a squirrel on his fence hit his neighbor's window. - there goes a squirrel IT folks
You are very welcome!! Enjoy your day.
If your gonna talk about me on Facebook then tag me in it!
Jeeze. The big ass theater on Kirkwood. Just a little east of walnut.
What does your Friday night poker game consist of???
This is when it would be nice if we could "like" twitter comments. ;)
Gym early in the morning <<<<<
When I talk about my life people start hating, I can't help that my life is so great it sounds like I'm bragging..
#2. Your perfectness is well, perfect.
... any advice on featuring Paterno and any controversy the project may cause?
rip patrick swayze
Hell yeah me too RT": I'm gettin impatient tho...I'm ready for this game..."
i no u do
Going to the career fair? A new job or internship might make you the perfect MyCSU blogger! E-mail us at .
my mom my friend and who ever bday on the 26 is in 3 days yay!!! Finally I wish it was Sunday
stop letting your mind wander
Haven't missed this humidity one bit.
I wish!! I need a nap.
POLL: What’s the #1 love song you would want your boyfriend or girlfriend to serenade you with this Valentine's Day?
Awkwardness in a room fullfils my hapiness. I'm awkward.
I asked for an extension
- Glad to come up for air! It's deadline week for six magazines AND I'm ghostwriting a book.
marriage = full civil rights. Civil unions = not all rights. Is it an objection to the use of the word "marriage"?
endorphins are real, my dude...
Grinding all week bitch I gotta ball!
oh okay...We were on our way and realized we'd get there at 11:45pm. but glad you had a good turnout, anyways :)
Hearing some strange digital artifacts on the Oscar broadcast. Driving me crazy!!!
Just ate a $2 rabbit taco... #tacos gringos
How far outside GA 12 do you live? A mile? 10 miles?
K go away is being chanted by protesters in West Allis.
proud of you
Not 5, not 6, not 7... RT : If #LeBron James played with prime Shaq, how many championships would he have?
Long live the car crash hearts <3
Creepy RT : How does feel about that?
We do
RT - The Miami Dolphins brought in Larry Johnson who is a known problem in the Locker Room. Yet Tiki Barber & Clinton ...
I am finally home after being away from civilization! :)
So which station is playing a "Mommie Dearest" marathon today? Bravo? Logo?
are you crazy? delete that last tweet since your tweets aren't protected
don't remember them, but saw Dixie and the cannibals at the Radisson.
Nigga... Nerf Wars... Lets bust these caps on these niggas.
follow me plzz! :)
Flexible Nanocrystal-Coated Glass Fibers for High-Performance Thermoelectric Energy Harvesting Flexible Nanocrystal-Coated Glass Fibers f
The new Steve Jobs book a great read !
hey hey hey!
PDFs and Acrobat are a bloated, overly-complex medium for everyday communication. Rant over.
I got to do that on Monday! Have fun today!
It would mean THE WORLD if you followed me and !!! :D IT WOULD MEAN ALOT TO US!!! <33
thanks for following me! Have a great daY! ;)
Got to keep #Survivior training up. More determined after this season ! 12 yrs worth of focus, determination! ~:-)
JU vs UCLA on Friday. Holy Shit!
Love is a dream that comes alive when we meet.
Tired of this same crap. Done.
Auto-correct my ass! I guess you just don't know me well. I call it "hammed" lol
My life would suck without swamp people & duck dynasty!
I think I'm going to buy that C4 stuff tomorrow.
You are currently browsing the Beat a Speeding Ticket weblog archives for 'fight a traffic ticket' tag
where did ur message go x
Exploring Edinburgh.
I thought that was by design? :-)
THERE'S A TROLL UNDER THE TABLE!
I USUALLY enjoy Mondays. :-( RT I love Monday's..... Lol probably not a lot of people that would agree with me
Anybody want me to followback???? (GET MY ATTENTION)
Dont make me second guess myself, i dont want to play this game
What's going on in Vegas tonight?
just the girl by the click five :)
your happy about it?
goo morning sissss dayaaa! have fun meeting fans later on today :) I know you always do though hahaha lol :)
no, seriously. I couldn't handle the disappointment.
I will never understand how towels type
Hi Derrick, you are going to be sent to outerspace with some of this!!
Simply seeing that picture of the old Sweet Valley High cover was worth the click through. The pinnacle of Jr. High escapism.
I wish girls would get off my bfs dick.
although I know what you mean. I just don't want the solution to be telling people (men) that they can't be kind.
Good Morning Twitter(: off to school.
link me?
Ugh again game of thrones. Why u no 2 hours long.
RT : Jon Huntsman: THE Beta Male for a spineless America.
Live and let live.
Ha! I actually think Bo is a decent guy but he sure didn't help his cause today.
OMg really?
Trying and Doing are two different things. When you try, you hope. When you do, you succeed.
What game are the tickets for?
I have more followers than ha.
some of these Virgin America airlines ads are actually pretty funny. but stop interrupting ze, bro.
this was the longest day ever. and it's not even close to being over yet
Going crazy right now!!! Super Bowl Champions again baby!!! #4 Giants!
Should be landing in Vegas rt now. Thanks to lazy fucks not doing their job, Im at work.
I thought we were friends?
sorry bby. Switching to micah's room. I'll make it up tomorrow <3.
Hey family!
Oakland protectors blocked from 12th street BART while trying to get to #occupysf to help resist the ongoing raid
Uh oh. Overheard on 19th Street, 6ish year old crying: "Mommy, I don't want you to cook." Sounds like someone needs cooking lessons.
War Horse is in my opinion, Steven Spielberg's best film to date.
I love it! We definitely need to use this now that the weather's nice!
- #Journalists r at the heart of all conflicts. 4 that they pay a high price: 21 journalists have been killed in 2012. At discussion
Thought for the Day: "Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure." - George Edward Woodberry
You know I still can't believe we both did some things that I don't even wanna think about.
BIG bank take little bank lol
We have a student rate for the summer - $120 group fitness or $175 boot camp all summer for college kids!
woodys smelled crazy and everyone was in pajamas....
The fuck?! I'll kill him.
me likes that. List xD
It just seems longer under the stress!
Have you been to New York? If so, what is your favorite place to see/do/eat while you are here?
That's when he slipped haha
Just got out of the shower, bored pc4pc?
RT: TY for bringing social business to RPC and the legal sector. Would have said if we would have won
What's the longest running play on Broadway? Lombardi. Show number 200 approaches next week...
I back this plan
Are u kidding me INDIANA!!!!!! WOW IMPRESSIVE
Spear and Mission today. The pies will be dry. 11:30-2pm
sa-weet! No problem, glad you got it to work!
Anyone on twitterworld as obsessed with coconut water as me? :)
I can see beauty everywhere,, :)
I love your bitch rants.
Lalalaaa bored watching crappy tv movies
long as u dont ditch me yet again :)
Awwweesss, that was sweet - time to make the change we wish to see in the world. You have the power to let it shine. xoxo
Follow this guy
Kubbie my best friend again :)))
can I get any help for 1 ticket to tomorrows Loyola-Hopkins tilt? Standing room only???
twitter is more complicated than I thought hahaha
Airports suck!
i felt like a million bucks! worst hangover for me in a long time!
yeah of coures it is growing fast
where them 412 ladies?
had fun last talking about how awesome daughters are.
Jailbreak was successful!!!!
The last thing I want to do right now is go to school.
Follow back please? :D
rt Determination keeps our wings flapping until what we hope for is ours...just like the bumblebee!
'keeping it in mind' isn't good enough! lol you need to do it ASAP!
Thanks for the support!
How to Make Money with Google AdSense
Welcome Dave RT excited to be joining John Maroon's talented team ! Working the Southwest Region out of Houston...
Nope. None.
okay so I went to busch gardens/williamsburg for 4 days with my friend and i came back yesterday at like 10:30 pm and I'm going to
I hear they are incredible, unfortunately for me we don't "carry" those here in Fl..have a favorite recipe?
- haven't really dived into this one yet. Soon!
2of2 RT ... Cat purrs by the fire of my breakfast bong. So toasted on oatmeal, apricot. Now, he's doing lines of brown sugar
Time to hit the road ... Lets get some new projects ...
If she has 500 likes and 400 comments on a photo, what's missing? Her clothes.
dudee did u see where austin is suggesting to have his next concert
watching how to rock you?
Questions for Superintendent Sherman? Send them to or .
Girls Named Princess Are Cool
considering Columbus is higher than Stars, not sure that dog hunts. Problem (with both cities) is team, not market.
Order sent to Angelina in VA!
GC Tip: If the onsite manager says it's ok, take pics/video to send to us after your events!
Hi Claireja. I was wondering if you were going to join. Glad you shared your favorite. Chat is just wrapping up.
Sean! Looking forward to seeing you open for Chantah in Ibiza, but REALLY looking forward to hearing "Africa Cry!"
. bus driver drove past the transit center entrance.. Whoops!
The eyes that once expressed their essence - self-betrayed. / The eyes, so far away, that darkness can’t portray.
Thank you for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Cheers!
they shouldnt be bashed for their choice but more of them bash the overweight female than support her
Hawaii Beachfront Houses For Sale - Which Oahu Sandy Beaches ...: Hawaii has one of the best sandy beaches from all across the world....
I hate you lol it's been a long day!
the pickles were good.
can you put a flashing cursor in sign in box on your Hm Pg so I can just start typing instead having to move my mouse into the box?
What I say: " Why don't you wear that nice long white skirt?" What she hears: " I hate the skirt that you have on right now".
It's funny that it's socially acceptable to announce that you have to pee, but tell people you have to duke and they think yer gross.
I knew it! I shud have come to school high as fuck, I would be cracking up instead of falling asleep in class >_<
If you ordered a T-shirt and haven't got it yet, it may be because we need your size. Let us know. Thanks to all who donated!
Join and me for the News at 4pm -- in about 10 minutes
Tonight is the gala for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. We were proud to support their fundraising efforts this year by designing a...
It's probably not a good idea you sharing that link. I may be in trouble now.
#BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb WOW thank you haters your always thinking about us, makes me want to cry happy tears <3
I do love Government officials with a sense of humor.
When someone comes in & needs something we can't give, we connect them w/ someone who can. Thx your help!
Nutella is a food group.
ALWAYS. We need to get together bro. I'll help u get that swag back
Like all dreamers, I mistook disenchantment for truth
Lightning, thunder, rain, rainbows, and a crazy Maxfield Parrish sunset. I love it when LA tries to do the weather thing.
That last tweet was mean, sorry Josh! Congrats on the band... When you get a twitter account.
yes but I got a sunburn.....but not from tanning........from shopping.?
I wanna see Chernobyl Diaries... Date anyone? :)
Just learned of Jose Wejebe's death. What sad news. Always enjoyed seeing/talking to him.
"Buying the gifted label" is in FL 2. My kids go 2 a FT gifted school & never had a "tutor" but a few of their peers did.
Beer! Helping ugly people have sex since 1862!
Now I really understand the truth of some things
Passed out over 300 City Boi flyers at the Avenues Mall with ! They gonna learn real quick!
most def. I almost shutter'off. Strange indeed.
Prayers to the people of Turkey.
Please do, and if you use #foursquare we have a newbie special ;)
Woohoo, can't wait for (SAA) workshop on EAD tomorrow at Tulane. Come say hi if you're attending, I'll be there.
I wish would stay in Texas to HANG OUT WITH and and Zach (: And everyone else
oh ill tell him. im sure he will be over real fast to pick that one up
just do your best. no more, no less. if we do more than our best, we have no energy for tomorrow. if we do less, we leave room for judgment
Peace I give into you
I want to see it more. UGH IT'S SOO GOOD.
10 days until the EP online release!! Get pumped!
To all the Moms out there - Happy Mother's Day! Thank you for all you do!
I agree, that was a total klouche move.
I have always been content
I like someone I can't have.
Da feds lookin for me G.R need to see me and section 8. Want something from me
text me whenever you're on the way back, I'll be up
Special unit enroute to get bavarian creme donuts and bear claws for our SWAT buddies who've been in a standoff all damn day.
Help our management company Sage Hospitality, turn Denver's Union Station into a living landmark, choose the hotel...
Be aware to the moment so you can see the magnificence all around you and let it show you to your Highest Self
Ugh...I hate getting up when it is still dark out.
that guy is an idiot! Who asks to be unfollowed?! Lol
Congrats to Benjamin Burt for booking his commercial in LA!
who is ?
eww:/ idk if I'm even gonna goo..
is awake but still in pajamas lol
Whatever Tomorrow Brings , Ill Be There.
Awesome! Bristol music lovers are in for a great treat!
brush my teeth with a bottle of jack.
TF is there traffic for at 6 am?!
should I be afraid to ask?
San Diego for the day with some cool kids.
JS8 just put the stamp on the ladies with the new trendy look
Be at the gypsy fest in clifton today, i perform at 3PM. Come see me perform live.
Should I listen to Tablo and Epik High?
omg waburttt I miss you so much!;(;(;(
I'm not sure I want to know...
get better boo!
you know i'm yours baee ;) lol
Weirdest people in my math class
probably sometime in the future I'll move down, just not right now.
I'm ready to go home now
I hate missing old friends.
I have the first gen iPad, but I think the new iPad is definitely worth the upgrade. The speed! (I sent my old iPad to Gazelle.)
I subscribed to you by the way
I love how Someone can say "Fuck Hoes!" when you a damn Hoe yourself! SMH look in the mirror for once
astonishingly,his face finally grew into his teeth.
I want to rock and roll all night... and party every day!
The letter needed is done & I'm not mailing it I'm on my way 2 deliver! To S.A.G attention Leniency Committee! Y'all please pray for me.
we're out of toilet paper. "yeah i know i had to use coffee filters" haha love my roommate
Done counting for now - I may count from 11-20 later in the workday.
no thanks.
finished a final and a paper. one of each left to go and then i'll be free for spring break on thursday!
Why do u wait until I'm already upset before u stop doing that stupid thing I hate?
Happy to help. Any particular questions you have? We could also put these out to our Twitter network.
thank you :)
white river
It's only a matter of time before fighting is banned in the NHL. The game is changing, evolving.
Sounds good
Definitely gonna be the new thing.. unfortunately. I mean Tupac did "trend" on Twitter for three days straight...
Couldnt make it to a good friday service, so decieded to read about it instead!!
what happened though?
we control everything..
We just all got ran over by a hamster ball.
Good question! Maybe knows.
Come follow me at my new job
never underestimate how hard it will be for very smart people to follow instructions re tracking changes & using version names
"Versailles in France", not "Versailles in Europe"!!! Do you say "Tokyo in Asia" or "Montreal in America"?!
spinnin' 2night @ Nectar along with the wild one Eric drizzle. The beats & drinks will be flowin'. Stop by the booth for free grumpy looks!
Thanks for the follow and the RT man! We appreciate the support! I'll get you a 10% off coupon code if you want it!
What a honor it is to be able to tweet u may the lord continue to bless u n gide u so that u may keepon briginghiswor
gotta get my stretch on for 2morrow..its bout to go down..WUTANG'S IN TOWN..suuuuuuuuuuu
When you want to text, no one texts you. When you don't want to text, they all text you.
Weeks keeps the rally alive with a single up the middle... #canyoufeelit ????
Finished speech to Business students on "Change = Opportunities". Be prepared, be alert, look for calculated risks.
I can't believe your turning 18... this is CRAZY!!!! I remember when you made you first YouTube video! Your growing up so ...
Chaos with the office relocation. I can not find a thing!
when you guys coming back to the SouthEast?
WA is amazing! I'm going to college next fall :) shopping is waayyyyyy better than I expected! I miss seeing you in history :(
Tell me what you think about something I read the other day. "May you have faith in your worth and use wisdom." Tweet back your reply.
RIP Bubba Smith
Merge into immensity of kisses and see you in the silence, your breathing your heart beats each mystery..........
Only time you should ever look back is to see how far you've made it.
idk dude, I like the music but I just feel like it's becoming less and less about talent. I'm talking all music as a whole too.
I would ask why but I know it's what we both wanted :)
The world is not to be put in order, the world is order incarnate. It is for us to put ourselves in unison with this order. -Henry Miller
Raw census data manipulation killing Team almost there?
long and tedious. :)
Just Got A Black Pair Of Red Bottoms.
Happy Birthday amazing Happy birthday.
I just realized that I don't have another full week of school for the rest of the year! YES.
Tangled tongues and lips :)
S/O 2 & #UTSAShowcase was a hit
Had fun with and friends. Drive safe. :)
One minute Joel Ward is the hero, the next, the goat.
I think I'm going to have a nervous breakdown.... Why don't people read simple instructions...my job is killing me
Ready to get back on stage this weekend.
Is there any other way to go? RT : living la vida loving it!!! :-)
Craving a big glass of lemonade
Because they know its all about the Celtics.
pretty much lol
there's a strip of rubies, sapphires, and diamonds down the middle.
All I need is long red hair and a pair of fins, cause my voice seems to have disappeared
The group Sister Sledge singed the background vocals for the Stop The Love You Save remake I recorded at the age of 8yrs!
I think really believes I'm her personal chef! 😒
Thankfulness is contagious. Gratitude grows as you water it. Joy is a lifestyle and positivity is not optional with success. Simmer on that!
pretty good actually minus the horrible week i just had lol. Are u graduating this May??
Hey! Sounds good. I need to figure out exactly what this thing looks like, but good to know you'll be there.
Rosie I got the days off soo I will be in Denver from friday until sunday on the 11th
thank you Fred :)
nothing! one offered me a three way with his friend and the other wanted to fuck me in the bathroom! fml.
Down to the last blessed frame.
Safe flights for all our & family coming home. Here comes a well deserved break for all of us.
Thank you!!! "HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!"
DONE! ur right, it WAS fun. : FUN GAME:Think of who u always need to take the least resistance&then cut 'em out of ur life
Clearly, we are the coolest campus in the nation. I'm just saying.
Went Whale Watching this past Sunday :) No whales but lots of playful dolphins!! What a BLAST! Will post video soon!! :D
Toronto too dangerous ...thought Dick C always took his gun with him!!!
I'm glad you enjoyed it Megan! I will be glad to assist you in the future! Have an awesome day.
She call me Papi and I say Ven Aqui.
What is there to like about a mall? No wonder they're in trouble.
That's good.
You're very welcome.
“: The #pollen in #Atlanta today was the worst I've ever seen...literally." Did u ship it to Lexington?
#tednugentdraftdodger'd RT: ": Todd Helton fact: Helton consumes over 10lbs of beef jerky per day."
your game a final?
Thanks for all of your motivation! It's contagious
Fluevog day looks more fun than most sales: an attempt to "overwhelm the world with positivication,"
Bielema on other Big Ten schools starting to recruit the state of Wisconsin: "I think the secret is out."
No idea what to get my mom for Mother's Day. None!
Mitch McConnell, the only "septuagenarian ninja turtle"
RT An afternoon of reading librarian blogs always includes at least 14 posts dedicated solely to cats
I love bukake from all up in my face :')
I can't wait till this saturday ! Going to see your show in Lancaster PA ! <333
Ashley Halsey of WaPo, passenger on crashed alane, says all beautiful, heard a crunch
yes iam, can you guess
These bitchss don't submit
I Bet That & are so happy that #NOSCHOOLFORTHECASTRONOVOS is trending . #Beauties&GRANDerz always win !(:
In the FISD think tank for opening team...
:D i love you.
Obviously Dwight Howard isn't interested in winning a championship
The Help: Money Never Sleeps
It can't be good that I still have a cup of coffee in my hand.
I like the #!
I'm here to listen in and say hi to current and former students.
That's a wrap! Filming complete in LA for new Nebraska Wahi.
What a cute idea! It would also make pretty Thanksgiving treat bags
Residents Quiz Local Legislators - Roswell, GA Patch
Mike Cameron is retiring. Probably not HOF but still a very solid career and stint as a Brewer.
Hey girl! Did you sign-up for the swap? :)
let's go Oakland!
To Recap: Sale/Leaseback of public assets - Great for sitting politicians, terrible for both the public and the politicians successors.
I do wanna be loved though D: lmao
You call yourself my best friends but you seem to be no where on my birthday that's cool
Your my man. Nobody could replace you haha
Oh my god - we just signed the closing docs on our first ever home! We will get the keys tomorrow or Thurs!
#iplspring major breakthrough: In re Owens Corning Fiberglass Corp. (Fed. Cir. 1985), color pink accepted as color TM, not functional
Music to our ears!! Thank you for patronizing our BNA location and SAFE travels-looking forward to seeing you soon!
Thanks...I know it was right, kind and humane but, damn, I miss him! Worse than when my father died...
Girl streaking response "That's something you would do Serena." She knows me so well(:
I'm back at work on the computer researching a project.
Love does not dominate; it cultivates. ~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I love the ready set and never shout never<3
Ha! Well, the Colts pretty much cleaned house, so there shouldn't be any problems starting from scratch.
Ross Borden is being extremely open and honest in his talk. Showing great real-life examples and sharing pros and cons
197 my first game. We won first game.
Going to bed is the only option I have right now
"All you need is love." - John Lennon
So disappointed that Re-engineering with a Faculty Focus live stream is closed due to technical difficulties,
Leaving the office early for work happy hour, followed by manis and dinner with the cuzzos! I love today.
God bless you! Thank you for following. God bless you always.
Thanks for the follow!
#YourBiggestProblem is that you demand respect without earning it
I love you too. <3 glad you got twitter. (: listening to #enchanted too. <3
I wish you were here
Does anyone know how to book national rail tickets that work on the underground, i need to start my journey in zone 6/5
Singles are more than welcome to order it!
and she did and I can't stand her bean dip head ass.
smh bad ass
Now watch me blow em out they shoes without clues Cuz I won't hesitate to detonate, I'm short fuse
“: “: yayyy when I wake up tmrw my pool will b open #party” I'm comin” I'll be there
don't nobody ever text ME. I'm the convo starter /:
I can and I will
saw my baby and now eating while watching movies with my kitty <3 yeah, today was great.
#roadron Wild, Frenchman, totally wild!
How did I miss that class????
what happened?
I transferred to A and F
New US cititzens sworn in on the Ti came from Bosnia, China, Vietnam, Peru, India, Russia, France, Canada, Poland &Thailand (HT )
Sweet. Have you seen Manufactured Landscapes? Rivers and Tides? Visual Acoustics? Or that Rem Koolhaas doc? (the latter's on deck)
I'm not ignorant, I just know it all. JS.
omg...waching abdc and it is the bieber episode.....so awesome...GO ICONIC BOYS.....I LOVE YOU JUSTIN BIEBER
Thanks for RTs & mentions: Places, Bill,
I'm nothin like a yes man, I'm something like ya best friend!-------->>>
RT Pls retweet ! Donald Trump ( mr chapter11) is Only a Mean Spirited BAD ACTOR who couldn't find his ass with both hands & a map !
in other news, curses to the metro yarn crawl for being so close to Maryland Sheep and Wool (weekend after next, egads!) It's too much yarn!
The halls of justice are kept ICE COLD.
Aww thank you! I appreciate it. :) Thanks for staying with me!
Lady A was amazing! Had a great time.
What???“: Damn! Apparently one of the old guys that lived together on Swamp People died today, Mitchell. I'll be damned.”
the song on the boat is very creepy! I love that entirely quote! you better make me some cookies!
Thank you SO much for making my Christmas better with your voice, especially The 1st Noel! Merry Christmas!
i hate fridays cuz my bf always has ta go away hm #secretgetaway?
I do! :) He is a wonderful little man. :) His birthday is 1 day before Rob Pattinson's! haah :)
There are no condoms for the heart. No matter how casual you think it is...you can still catch feelings even if you don't expet to.
Okey-do, thanks!
Thanks for mentioning Mom Maps! We appreciate it! Would love to work together more closely, email me at
hahaha!!! Oh you crack me up!
QUESTION: Would you rather... (A) work Overtime for extra pay, or (B) work 1/2 a day and live a little?
I want to send fan mail. Buut, I dunno the address. :(
I am quite upset that Bioshock Infinite has been delayed. :(
Knowing you, with no shirt on?
Friday's #pcch drop won't come soon enough!
Here's a question, which artists should we #FF this week?
I dont! I haven't been following, but that sounds horrible!
Don't forget, we'll be closed like most government facilities for President's Day on Mon. Feb 20, 2012.
I <3 r grilled turkey on whole wheat w/green chile, cheese, tomato, mustard, & bell pepper!
Thank you for not saying conversating..RT : Conversing......
Meeting with Norman Sadeh and Jason Hong at CMU kicks off now!
A little bittersweet about leaving Michigan in a couple of hours. I'm ready to get back to LA but not ready to leave yet.
both of those sound amazing! Maybe a jumbo super tour?! Haha
Hey 1%, Occupiers are God's chosen people as last I heard; greed is a sin.
Slide the newspaper half way under a closed door and ask the two people to stand on the bit of newspaper on their side of the door
Broadband and LTE be damned... no one wants your 22MB resume.
<< Will be at #SCORES Friday Night at the Official Unlawful Family Party
Now that you've had your exclusive, would they be willing to call the KXL newsroom and talk with us?
actually, res on new laptop is high enough to be (mostly) usable. Still use external most of the time,way more pleasant than old box
is looking forward to his first #ASHE11. Plan to stop by the Hopkins booth.
amazing time with tyler. < 3 a few crazy things went down. but, i was just glad to be with him! now bed.
I did not think they would advance to a regional final without Melo. They definitely fight.
She dont wanna whine she wanna make the pussy quint- ft or wife- 🎥 be on the 👀
of course I keep a phone... Still the same number u had before
I'm looking for a good GPS app for my droid x. Any recommendations?
Just at the best breakfast ever. Local business are the best.
don't you love how I added you into my Lakers tweets. You asked for it.
1st Winning Pick - #NFL Week 13..Chargers/Browns (43)..#Take_The_Over...Chargers O is firing on all cylinders & Browns are starting to score
I can see you writing a hybrid of "My Life in Advertising" and "I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell."
Getting my grill on tonight! Enjoying the fabulous spring weather!
thank you rozzzzzz!
Sex at night might be refreshing but morning sex is a head start.
AHL championships are worthless. Too many old guys hoping for a 3rd NHL chance. Jrs talent closer to NHL level
Author and historian (born this date in 1912, died 2008).
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!!!!
How come you show them pictures of your duck stuff & you send me pics of your shriveled package, Bryan?
thanks for blogging our letter protesting the #PayPalBan!
famous dave's boom
lol I am going to start saying that to meet ppl.. "oh I see you fuck bitches I also fuck bitches" lmfao
ur cut in! we can do it stir crazy style, let's do a court show, u ready?
On Wednesday, I kicked technology's ass at work. Since then, it's been kicking back. Harder.
i shoulda been born somewhere down south
HOOKAYY. BUT YOU ACTUALLY LOOK NORMAL
Thanks for the shoutout for our ping pong table! Happy travels.
Started training for next #kenpo belt today. Twice as much to learn ... started with "Begging Hands" and "Sleeper".
home but on the road Monday!
HELLO! How's it going?
What a shocker of a report about the cheap fucks on the #saints D. Never would have guessed it.
The Heat sleep right now they better wake tf up
Can't quite determine if I'm watching the Wisconsin men's bball team or a 8th grade girls bball team tonight...
So ready for friday
Currently at 1:00pm in Atlanta, GA it is 54 degrees. Lows in 30s
its so unfair, all the senior classes at ehs before us had a decent year . OH but when were seniors, they messed everything up!
The Leonard Brothers band is kicking off the weekend at tonight at 7 pm!! Come on out!
Then when we get inside he tries to start talking to me. After 30 seconds I walked away when he was in mid sentence.
Kirsten Stewart in #WelcometotheRileys . . . .
About to see in a few.
wow somehow I missed this...sorry about that. Thanks a lot man... I'm still a noob but I'm working hard!
Nope, I just don't have a flash drive on me. And I'm not familiar with SneakerNet.
Peralta almost knocks Millwood's belly off
“Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
damn man i need a new one to :'(
I am huge Chelsea Fan but feel B M might win 2 - 1, I hope not!
my nite was ok I couldn't really sleep
if you get tired of the college kids and noise, you should check out WEST 6th if you have time.
MAINLY CUZ IVE ONLY SPOKEN TO YOU VIA TWITTER
Let's get Peyton Manning to KC!
Up early on the MoMo grind. Wholesalers can contact us at min order of 50
Um why am I forbidden to follow you??? :-(
guess who just got their best friend back♥
to the rescue. Hits a tough bank shot followed by a tough fade-away. lead with 44.5 seconds left in OT.
Well talk to you later; i'm on my way to pick up my kids from their sleepover and then to grocery shop!
I hate watching the news. They always start out with "Good evening Memphis..." Then proceed to tell you why it's not a good evening.
Yippee! covers and our arts & culture projects including ! Good look for #AnacostiaDC!
One leg out the comforter. Not too hot Not too cold.
RT if you've tried Baby Got Bock in Feb 2012. If you haven't, don't miss your chance to taste this golden brew!
go to the gym all the way to the top and try to look for some sunglasses please
hit that legend and 3 stacks up it will do you good
At Savannah St Patrick's day parade today on mom in law's porch. Craziest thing I've ever seen.
Trivia: Which Rick James video was banned by MTV and BET for “sexual content”?
Flea's can jump 130 times higher than their own height. In human terms this is equal to a 6ft. person jumping 780 ft. into the air.
old Drake is the best Drake
The Acacia Strain, Like Moths To Flames, and Volumes are coming to SD on 7/27, but I'll probably end up not going as always.
Friendly tip: don't share your vibrator!
Pretty much pouting all week about not going home for Thanksgiving for the 4 year in a row.
There are 900 different flavours of arabica. Complex and very volatile, they deteriorate if exposed to air and light.
It's IDEAS WEEK! Time to pick a Newbery winner or honor title and see what magic you create -- let the wild rumpus start!
Dumb bitches retweeting every second about how they messed up? #unfollow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When you're about to say something but you don't and then someone else says it and you're like, I was gonna say that!but no one believes you
But then they ask the guys for directions, lol.
Being literate over Hungarian coffee must be a good idea.
": #respect do what you need to do" <-- i will :) bless you mahina !
I am thinking that those duties might have had something to do with "Is that 7:30AM... in the morning?"
thank you so much for the follow. Please continue to do great works in our community
Only three punches left on my Corp espresso card! I'm guessing I'll get my free drink by the end of the week at the rate I'm going...
RT : Good coaches make us all get better (even the really good) Atul Gawande
Daily Deals are a win-win-win! Help customers save money, help local businesses find more customers. Follow our sites to find out more!
I really wish that would put their info on the Internet instead of hiding it on AOL, whoops Facebook....
Hello Chicago!
wish I could have stayed longer and seen one of your performances!
Who's coming to Bamboozle and hanging out with us?!? :)
Just got a new JuiceBox Tee. On SALE!! Yay!
You mean the world to me!
I am going to thoroughly enjoy watching the San Antonio Spurs sweep the Clippers.
Yup. For kicking a cop out back in 2010.
I don't think I can find a word that's even close to describe my night. :)
Filibustered by Republicans and still he is coming out ahead
You can also phone us to order
I can't my phone doesn't let me see it :P and I can't be on the computer does he go to our school ? (: what's his name ?! XD
share it !
did you know your first name could be feminine, if you simply add an extra "N" #RyAnn?
tweet twitter twit same thing. Go chew some ice haha
we are GENIUSES!!!
Not only does have to get used to the time change, but Mahomies do too.
He's amazing. So much fun! I'm doing good. Getting back to some much needed yoga. Still teaching?
We like to keep you on your toes.
RT : Tune In to #AEC Social Media Tweetchat with SMPS CEO : Follow hash tag #AECSM at 4pm EST
Tis my modest opinion that no man can fly pirate colors who's not willing to sell his friend, his sweetheart, or his mother. Crimson Pirate
missing our momz
Plans for the summer are finally falling into place!
follow them if u want 100 followers a day.!
Favorite Beastie Boys memory...seeing them live in San Diego at Lollapalooza in 1994...unforgettable.
Your so full of crap your eyes are brown lol
funny how niggas be screw facing @ me... smh... but they ain't got the heart to get @ me!....
you know it's strange - it just makes everything far less desirable :/
Watching America's Got Talent
Is it your off season? If you are not in training mode your calorie intake can probably be reduced because you will have reduced expenditure
exhausted from staying up all night every night
Damn headache... This day could have been so good. :(((
Ozzie Guillen -- same ol same ol
*give you some food*
Miami ready
Chillin with a beer a cigarette and talkin to my girlfriend... Good night : )
Run away!
I don't have to set an alarm tomorrow....I may spontaneously combust with excitement
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” ― Mae West
Best Christmas Ever! Yesteday I Met Bella Thorne!!! :)
I thought exercise was supposed to make me wake up.
Distinguished frames of mind
h-e-double hockey sticks I do... Wait? Awkward?
ill be there all day tomorrow...
there's just something inhuman about someone who denies you a cookie.
i hate to say it but it still hurts
In what ways are writing teachers using technology in their classrooms?
..his name? FRANK FINE, savy?
Tortas then Starbucks with and c:
yes...december! R u dj'in xtine's wedding? miss ya too twinners! Ooohmg, & happy bornday! So late. Oops. -_- how was it?
finally getting some much needed best friend time. <3
getting some cardio in!
Just signed up to receive your newsletters, thanks!
So Boosie is free...beautiful!
Great time at 2nd annual chili brew. Nice job you guys know how to throw a party!
haha remember when I said, "I know someone there…I can't remember who…" I actually saw him at Vivace. Need to come by soon!
Done with ap chemistry :)
Up for #Work another 11 hours Today Voice:
Startup Professionals Musings: Ten Twitter Traction Tips for Entrepreneurs (via Instapaper)
is your phone being weird?
Haha, that would be great!
Some favorites this week:
why all the roid talk now all of sudden just cause josh is making it look to easy an pujols blows?
not effing bad!
Mehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, can't wait to graduate! D;
You black out you can't back out
Finally at bdubs with the fam and
Hmm intervention behind closed doors?
Just put it on your FB wall.
What other people think about you is none of your business.
and I respond with a "Baby :( , I thought I was your princess??!!" hahah
J-E-T-S fail fail fail
i need food.
Ridin' the storm out. Just me and REO. :)
That was one hell of slide there by Doumit there, eh?
haha okay.me too
good for you Kareem! Lol I guess that's a good thing.
Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it... Malcolm X
Innocence is beautiful
I guess Jennings hasn't watched a lot of Warriors games these last few years...
Did they make you sandwiches?
What I wouldn't give for one night with Ochocinco...Lord have mercy!
U on that team alone Chris
I Love Staying Up After Midnight && Reading All Of 's A M A Z I N G Tweets<3(:
Hitting up Barnes and Nobles before I go to job #2...need a new book to read
TY for the follow! I'll enjoy getting to know you.
going to try an experiment where i write and say "captain" before my name for a month. will report back with findings.
Brumder Mansion Gives a 50% Discount on all Rooms Mon-Thur to all Policemen and Firemen ID at time of Check in Call Monica 414/218-2202
wow. Someone fire the trainer, he's not using enough medical tape!
Chatting with a #Giant location about their food allergy customers
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt participate in all toasts unless thyself or thy group is honored with a toast.
reverse classroom is a growing movement in k12. Might be a good topic for a guild session webinar or at a conference.
i hate that i love you so.....^__^
Yes, I did, and he was very understanding. Thank goodness. Flights are horrendous today, too, so.... cross your fingers!
Totally hacked haha. I like pie okay but not like like.
#808Pride life is a beach im just playing in the sand...how old are u sir? Life is a kindom and im ur ruler
Damn, thought Josh Wolff had retired... or he should...
So Vegas is the "dumbest city." Well that may be true but also lots of friendly, entrepeneurial and can-do folks as well...
Thx for the RT - looking fwd to your tweets!
I wanna fucking tear you apart
I knew this wasn't gonna go anywhere, ,,,:/
“: I feel like super conservative uppity christian couples must have the most boring sex lives...” preach cutie!
This bagel boutta hit
OMG I love that movie!!! that was so us! especially the cc ice block moment lol
Bracing myself for whatever's next in our office Xmas decorations saga. Not sure and I can take the tension!
oh no it's definitely happening!
304 days to go. #EndOfTheWorld Need to get back to my TFM/TSM bucket list
#heardthat. also, hi. how's life?
I've been closely following you, and hope there'll be an opp'ty to learn from each other f2f in the future.
get the cool one while you still can!
not so good you
Hopefully, Santorum’s victory can keep Minnesotans from just feeling pathetic about the weather.
RIGHT?!? IM SAYIN
this shit to funny!
I sent them to ur yahoo : ) if u didn't get them let me know
the online leasing part of my venture, what do you think, i couldnt really come up with anything but i think its kind of edgy
Thanks, Chad. I appreciate it.
Burning bridges... building towers.
everytime i open a pineapple it dissapoints me when i dnt see sponqebob
what you thought ?
There are more possible games of chess lasting 40 moves than there are atoms in the entire universe. Intriguing to know.
Watching Justin Bieber never say never :)
#ff look forward to catching your tweets!
Sometimes I get sad reading 's tweets Him RTing all those other lucky fans knowing that will never b me</3
can't wait for this all-nighter i'm going to have to pull tonight…
A bad bitch like me, is hard to find.
RT : In all seriousness, the Heat are a terrible "team." So top heavy. But the bottom guys are just awful
: I have several twitter accounts for different purposes, but it's kind of a pain.
tonight in Troy, MI. So stoked to see again.
Taco Shop burrito before my night class was probably a bad idea.
Tangible Love video's Where Are You Going or When He Wasnt Drinking
Heh. Buy the paper book. That would probably make them happiest of all. ;-)
you have a couple of hours left hang in there
Im Starting A Clothing Line..What Should I Call It?
hey I'm from tnn to
it would seem under FERPA, students should already own their profile, but perhaps they are not making the best use of it
Im Chilling Now !
Thank you for your support!
Hope you got it just like you like it. Welcome back to Texas!
Dog Park at josephine and colfax is still mostly white people. Kind of thought my first tweet abt it mite change this.
Only thing I see is..Beautiful people!
Create a Journey of life map to tell your
Hahaha... ^^. So is tht a no ¿?RT : u not playin! Weed head
The invasion begins in 1 hour 11 minutes and 45 seconds
Essentially you’re moving the intelligence from the switches to commodity servers. Cheaper switches, more flexibility.
I feel ya been overdoing it myself but hey you only live once. Going to the horse race track here tmrw to bet on the derby excited
RT : Won the shark tank #TribeFest competition to make a Yom Kippur ECARD! Now all we need is an enthusiastic
great work yesterday!
fresh clothing send me link
I'm readjusting to make some much needed changes and take my game to a whole nother other level!!!
May be kidding a bit. Reasonably priced though.
Have to say Sunday's are always the most interesting day of the week.
June Bug gave the bird back to me today. #aw 
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. -Mohandas Gandhi
#AmericanIdol Hollie killed it! Great beginning to the show!!!
u went in tho I'm like damn 25 sounds lol
On the way to the salon in this freezing cold snow!
DRose's first points of the game, made with 3 red shirts on him. That's just how we do.
ha yeah except this is Jewlie for the millionth time!
thank you for following us. we think that a child can make a family happy when they can't have children, it's better than abortion!
R.I.P. Heavy D and Joe Frazier!!! To great losses from the African American Community!
Rob Wheelwright () added weight, strength in the offseason. The results showed: ''I feel like I became more of a playmaker.'
I've already tried :(
Joe Johnson sucks, why is his contract 100 mill❔
T-Minus One Hour! Get ready for the NEW YEAR! This place is burnin’ Up!!! Ball is about to Drop!
Power Wagging
she went to valley. Graduated 01.
have you researched how chocolate is used for athletic recovery,for the polyphenols?
sounds good to me! I'm still in the, "get utterly destroyed by anyone I play online" phase.
but bringing over the glasses is such a laborious task.....
That's awesome! it was half wolf? those are crazy. I had a friend with one and it literally ate one of the seats in his car.
Thanks for a great conversation today at
oh shucks why not
your momma :)
? what is this how decipher
Wait wht u have a degree.. Damn fooled me
Hey neat! That patch of subcutaneous pimples is a lot like a sheet of bubble wrap. Filled with pus.
Thanks for all your RTs! Very much appreciated. Glad to work with you
your new picture is awesome:B♥ mora because you are in there:) ILY!
that's al me!
Funny to me how people always argue against a player who has good stats, but can't win, then also argue against winner who has weak stats
Keep forgetting how hot Nikki Whelen is in Hall Pass.
AH STAND UP AND SHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTTTT
haha i'm so funny sly digs are everywhere
Stuck in traffic from Pittsburgh til the end of time. Great NYE in #Toronto with
Thank you for following us!
Can we get a #gocougs?
Arriving late to #THATCamp this morning. Folks planned some really exciting sessions!
Get ready for hint # 2: Once you arrive look out for the Twitter Guy, Gregg! He'll have your WBC tickets ready to go! Location TBA!
check online might be some items remaining implied there might be more stock added
butterfly for my garden..for that I've longed
Hail Satan
get angry . i dont care . if you havent realized my situation is bigger than you so just fade into the background.
Happy birthday everyone! Tis the season!
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Ares just released a new sigle with the current lineup!!! GO CHECK IT OUT!!! ITS FUCKING AWESOME!!!
Now catching the train to Manchester. All I know about Manchester I learned from the Smiths.
Cannot contain my excitement. Seriously. OMG. <3
I was impressed though.
I'm not shocked. I meet more dumb people than intelligent ones every day.
lolz still works most of the time. i think they're just being defensive
Today in 1926, Dr. Robert Hutchings Goddard launched the world’s first successful liquid-fuel rocket!
Minnesota Legislature: TV, Web to provide full end-of-session coverage
What do you know when you see three rabbits walking down the street wearing tuxedos and top hats? You know you need a psychiatrist!
I like
5pm, hurry up and get here, please...
Whatever you do this summer, visit earthmatrix-dot-com often because I will start posting paleoanimations and hidden images in ancient art.
3:39 left! Argghh this is when I start ACTUALLY caring.
If you think it's OK to reduce the deficit WITHOUT raising taxes on the highest earners, just by slashing Medicare than vote Republican
RT : A huge thank you to and all who helped, inspired, and made this film and evening possible. - ZS
RT : Capital Update: Had a conf call with a #CRE lender that wants to originate $100 million in loans before the end of the yr
I want my picture with
J Swear Ppl Irritates Me
Wow, this girl hand hairy
ALEX Thanks for thinking of me. Can I be honest? BIG food is not one of my favorite subjects. Good food is better. When is it?
loud noises make her toes rings hurt
What is going on with my 3g service ( yeah I dont have 4g yet)
S/O to my new follower thanks for the follow mami
#FF follow him!!
ugh, twitter stopped pushing to my phone! sorry I've missed you ladies! Around Friday?
Lady in front of me asked her husband why everyone was booing Lucroy. I giggled.
Packing for Orlllannddoooo #stoked :)
We're heading to Milwaukee this afternoon for my nephew's First Communion.
Goooooodmorning, how'd you sleep?
Do it.
and what exactly has Dan Snyder done recently to justify that?
Is there a mailed newsletter to which I can subscribe?
Finding stuff is low hanging fruit. Its all about relationships, finding their passion, and being a model learner.
Thanks for following, Courtney!
Kato kaelin performed at the same open mic as joe tonight. oh los angeles....
Ok! One more final (project)! Woo!
My mom says the YouTube of the 1986 Bears SuperBowl Shuffle is too grainy and she can't tell them apart. I think she's just racist.
:/ I have no idea who to talk to about that. It would be so amazing to see you guys though.
I always miss 11:11, so i guess i'll never get a follow from you :(
#1DVDforme #1DVDcaptioncomp and stroke, stroke! C'mon lads! put your backs into it!
my day was great! Work, not so much! Weird vibe at the club! You Vegas bound?
Have you seen the crew around town or near the Oakland Hills?
Ooh girl you know I'm tryin ;) RT "thank's mama! now it's your turn! you already got the mag cover!"
ya K's are cool and sometimes u need them but easier for a lil grounder or pop out haha and saves ur arm
I wrote a book called Food Lovers' Guide to Seattle, I would love to send you a list. Can I Dm you?
IMO, AMC is kicking everyone else's ass for original content. Yes, even
Thanks man, words of wisdom! Have a good one, cheers!
i heart the Hollywood Bowl. I heart Dudamel. Dudamel-ts my heart.
Though the key word there is probably "idly" :)
Most Womens problems with Men aren't because of Men, its because of other Women!
Just landed at knoxvilke tn. Now to locate my bags.
well today is gonna be alot of drama but im just gonna avoid it and not gonna be childish like them.
aw that's sweet :)
jose: "What wud u do if u wer that mother? This is y this is a civil rights issue, this is y this is an issue that affects us all"
so what's new w u?
Where do you get the most customer feedback - Twitter? Facebook? Blogs? Find your dominant platform, and captivate that audience!
Holy crap, Read to the People is only one week away!!!!
I'm glad everyone feels the need to make me feel like crap!
Although HCV was not discovered until April 1989, an estimated 170 million people worldwide are infected by the virus
Explorer, FireFox, Chrome..Where will it end!
ETC was just featured in the Miami Herald ! Check out the article in Today's People Section!
"Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience." - Victoria Holt
Is there anything so terrifying than a ghost Chick Hearn howling as the midnight wind?
You as well!
that would be a hell of a billboard for marketing !! Your business would boom!
Great mug shot...
right on... I actually have a lot of family in the area so who knows??? XO Burning Man this year?
I'll never understand why 90% of the girls around here get pregnant then turn gay. It makes absolutely no sense. But oh well! Do watcha do!
Miss you man!
i actually love MCMB, i saw Faithless and was like whoa O_O -Mencho(screams)
Saw the space shuttle by DC!! So awesome!
We're looking forward to attending tomorrow! Will we see you there?
I would agree that if we are God's children, His sons & daughters we would be motivated to obey it, at least pieces of it
When you have an inspired thought, you must trust it and act on it.
Temporarily down. Flashmobbed again. We are going to be scaling up our capacity this evening to ensure this doesn't happen in the future.
I want to write a series of posts highlighting Nashville labels and their bands. Talk to me Nashville musicians & labels!
Thanks for letting me know Jill. Stellamae
Come work off the chocolate Easter bunnies with me! I am teaching Barbell at 5 followed by Studio Cycle at 6
#WaysToMakeMeHappy "Food" Lots of it
How much are the elevate shirts?
Wednesday is definitely "think about the weekend" time
A quick heads up about a new documentary Jonathon Hock directed for ESPN called UNGUARDED. tonight 8 p.m.
i was gunna say something nasty but nvm...lol;P
leonard misses so all is forgiven.
Thank you Steph for helping me with that mistake!! Much obliged!
Don't ever think that what you're doing is anything less than amazing. You have 11 million people that love and adore you.
Okay I would LOVE Merle Haggard. For serious. *googles*
is getting really into bullying.
Brian David Johnson talking about IXR - Intel Labs in our SF Prototyping workshop
Hey Mitch been watching your videos for a while always good insight ! I'll appreciate if you check out my video .
on a conference call with Senior Advisor to the President David Axelrod to discuss Health Care Reform
“The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the...
LOST DOG ALERT!! Mooresville area: Zeus - brindle boxer with a cleft lip. Almost 2 years old. Please call Elisabetth at 765-343-2319.
If I never see another novel that turns on a "dark family secret" from the past it'll be too soon.
where did you hear that?? I hope so!
I'm RT'ing u verbatim tho... O_o RT And needs to stop retweeting me before she has people thinking I'm ignorant lol
Um so I walk into work and Gloria Estefan is shooting something in the restaurant. Never a dull moment here...
twitter is like talking "at" people... at least one step up
: In a survey of middle school American children, 92% were able to name 20 celebrities but failed to name 10 countries."
The problem with binging on TV series: Christmas episodes out of season.
miss you big head -.-
Doing a collab video with an awesome YouTuber! :D
searching for my good old #wadsworthanthology for a little theatrical reading...
hopefully that was easy enough? Welcome
": Make someone smile today: "A word spoken at the right time is like gold apples on a silver tray."(Prov.25:11 HCSB)"
Mhmm :) im the last person to write and yeah I thought angle would pick Forrest but I don't mind :)
Black-eyed peas for dinner tonight, here's to a lucky 2012!
Kick it on the beach and just
just voted....GOOD LUCK MEOW
RT if you are 110% IN LOVE with
#ThoughtsAtWalmart im hungry
Eh he's off the ice now. Just Frolik, Olsen Leddy & Kitchen left.
Fellas, there is absolutely NOTHING you shouldn't be willing to do for your girl in front of your friends.
Blake Griffin
IDK where they are from, but there is a sect of Europeans that wear the worst, most hideous jeans. Kinda like our Ed hardy or true religion
1 month of unlimited tanning for $25 at UTan in Madison. For details go to www.dealoria.com
Work forced me into that CO - SF move in 2008 and I said no. Suffered for a bit because of it, but no regrets.
lol you just described my past nights in btown.... To the T
Our Easter hours are 8:30 am-3 pm. Hop on by for a Lavender Hot Chocolate or Veggie Powerhouse.
let me find out u got Ur (come get me dress on) lol
Gronkowski was open but he went to Danny Woodhead instead. TOUCHDOWN Patriots. Patriots lead 10-9.
Niggas Love To Discredit Iverson. 3x Leader in Steals But Niggas Saying He Cant Play D..dats impossible in the NBA BTW
do you mind following me && your welcome <3
Had a difficult time climbing the stairs to get up to my apartment. Quad day was a success.
Thanks. My husband called support line/all was taken care of. Still my statement about how long it takes to pickup a part...
Has anyone seen Tenure? Great movie.
So... The Avengers may be the best super hero movie to date...
Im 19 years young and things arent getting any better.
We see that, but oddly the transaction did not process. Can you delete your reply buy and reply buy again? Sorry.
Thanks for the promo!
gotta love xs :)
Listen to an idiot, you become an idiot! It's that simple really! Be wise about where you get advice from! ;-)
Thanks for stopping by Down to party with us Saturday Night brotha! DJ Greg Pic -djgregpic.com
Our artists are primarily from Austin, Texas region, however, our base of talented musicians is growing!
To a pop A&R, the 2012 equivalent of "If, I, Should Stay" - Is the opening piano bars of Adele's "S'one Like You" must hear it 3 times a day
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you a mechanic.
I'm not saying his shirtless profile pic was old but he was wearing a pilgrim's hat and churning butter.
she must have been at that Shell with the messed up pump huh? Damn glitches. knows abt those discounts.
Great interview with #BoJackson, but now I'm 25 minutes late to work.
i love how ppl says they will always be their for you but none of them are ever their when you really need them lol...
Just now watching the epic halftime show. Madonna always brings it. She is so amazing!!!
Pacers won.
The Dos Equis guy says "stay thirsty" ....horrible advice because now guys are trying way too hard lol.
Just signed up for a Vyew account. Which do you like?
RT : #WFFConf12 "A lot of people have gone further than they could because someone else thought they could." D.DeHaas
:) I like Mafs! It's cool xD
Wear your Halloween costume to the library today and come enjoy spooky stories...Story times are 9:15, 11:15, and 2:15.
that was Ralph from Happy Days!!
Yes. I got my contacts in. Soon happy. Lol
Omg "Take Me Home Tonight" has to be the best movie of all time! topher grace is so cute!(:
Networking on the Cape tonight, interesting people and great deep dish pizza at Chicago Pizza
We exault Your name💜
email us at
Happy Birthday
Painting my nails <3
Everyone please introduce yourself, your biz, your website and blog address
": Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory."
RT : Ariel Pink video still up on maybe for another day...George added some great psychedelic pulsing.
Intuitive leadership is a complicated combination of thinking, acting and influencing
thanks, I'll check out the other tracks in due course
This looks interesting, a live African Safari Cam. www.africansafaricam.com
": I keep the cat inside not to protect the birds, but to protect the cat from coyotes..." As everyone should.
thanks for following!
LOL HILL STILL CALL YOU IT BUT HOW IS IT REALLY SPELLED
You're too kind! :D
aww it means you only live once... Lol
would've been fun to see you use it. that's a fun thing you guys are doing on the live show. love it. #dropword rules :)
800 Degrees is good, so is Bibigo, Native Foods, the Stand, and Five Guys opened for the first time 3 hours ago.
That awful moment when your toes are so cold right before you go to bed, but you hate wearing socks to bed so your basically
Don't lie about who you are to get him to like you because chances are he will hate you, if he ever finds out the truth.
Last chance to grab those Tickets! RT this post with #DealSaverSac and you will be entered to win! 8 minutes left!
Likewise! RT Great job tonight! It was good to see and work with you again.
": Okay i really like him <3 nobody know but me! #andthatshowitsgonnastay" I know right?
