sounds fun
ha! No all good :)
Hockey, hockey, hockey coming soon. Can't wait. Go Redwings!!
Ok someone has to explain the whole "Shamma Hamdan" thing to me. Who's she & what'd she do?
it's funny because I'm the same age & love voting. I know vote doesn't make big difference but votes not cast make no difference.
I'm gonna pretend that I didn't see that tonight would have been game 6. No I'm not still sad about it. What are you talking about? :(
Nice catching up with you at #railsconf! Keep in touch!
He is nice! Thanks, he learned that from me!
Being w/ family makes you realize alot. But now that I'm hangin w/ them its always that 1 empty space in all of us wishing Terrance here. <3
stop with the adorable sleepy eyes in class --driving , , and into fits of laughter.
G'morning!
is such a nice person!! My thoughts about celebs and their attitudes has totally changed!! <33
So excited for Friday and the weekend.
Jaming to what makes you beautiful in the car
I wish I could redo my high school years over again.... Restart all the eff ups I had made... Guess that's Just a part of life tho.
2 for 1 FINK BOMB SHOTS today & tomorrow.
My favorite Lifetime movie is the one where the husband abuses his wife and she finally gets revenge and/or justice.
I'm at work early so I can go to the hospital later. Dianna had restful night; might be all the painkillers they have her on.....She's OK.
If we don’t change, we don’t grow. If we don’t grow, we are not really living.Growth demands a temporary surrender of security. -Gai…
A tweet up!
At the crack of dawn and what am I doing: WRITING! I had an epiphany so I figured I better get to work!
human beings are fantasy-driven creatures.
is a little bummed i missed watching Josh Beckett dominate the Yankees last night
I wanna just go home now... I am so cold :(
Chicken,Macaroni & cheese :)
Way to go Nationwiders! RT : raised over $1,400 in our silent auction for !!
I get pretty ecstatic and glorious when I think about the United States & its Christitution. Sometimes I weep. It's beautiful.
as matter of fact I was just on the horn about that, grrr RT you should tweet that you're closed at the Pearl due to a gas problem :(
#Str8LykeDes... Making money when my eyes close....
Whats tha word? I replied the other day. Dang. Shoot. Lol :-)
If you have learned one thing from me; it is to find you, and do you. Because it's not what you do, it's how you do.
Hope you get to feeling better quick! Being sick with an upcoming trip is no fun!
darn, I had sensed a collaboration.
Double header and we win both! Championships continue next week...
Love those shoes! I always get compliments.
The discussion was Freshman not knowing, alarmed me! RT : Depends on how old/young.
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf If u r Always asking your parents 4 money all the time
My neighborhood is very rainbow-y today.
would a one last kiss help? *kisses ur lips*
A predictable #CTA schedule is just too much to ask for...smh
#LateNightConfessions I secretly admire the weather girls on a couple of LA Channels
OH: "M as in Money." What, Mary is no good anymore?
FYI I'm watching you on The Voice & you sound like "Bittersweet Crap."
One bad thing about taking Friday off - playing catch-up on Monday...
oh wait you already did!!:)
What a fantastic opportunity! Professionalization and networking events are so important.
work is aright. Trying to find a second job right now.
Less than 2 weeks away from The #87th ! Have a great #Sunday!
Pretty Much, the only sorta creepy moment in Dream Master is the Roach Motel scene!
This summer is going to suck
lol man, why?!! we only had odds one day ):
About to convince a Brooklyn broker that 'self-employed writer' is actually the best financial bet they could make.
Protools just froze on me...
Hey, Walker, that'd be great! I'd really like to see you. Give me an email when it's closer to the time you'll be here.
Lemme check that again when I get home.
Come Down to #PDX #City #Hall #Events Declares the Proclamation of the Pacific NW Black Pioneers Exhibit with
thanks for the shout out :))
You're just spot on with everything tonight.
Happy Mother's Day!!
It's tough to say what doesn't matter, though. I like health services, LGBTQ groups, swimming pools, etc.
Not really
Incredibly, I think I may end up watching the entire first season of x-files tonight.
I would like to come on your show and talk about what works when it comes to getting and keeping a job.. thanks.
I love diffusing cinnamon essential oils during the holiday season ♥ ♥ ♥
One more day!
Can't change me.
I swear im lactose intolerant ...
love caribou blend
Atlanta weather is crazy how it go from sunny to bout to storm
I'm not saying other countries are better - humans are seemingly cruel
where in Florida and how long?!?
Before you ask we already taped On Ellen tomorrow ;)
i'm a fucking unicorn , & fuck anyone who says i'm not.
Two PINK DRINKS into the evening and I'm slurring my speech, slapping dudes etc.
Responded to FIRE @ 218-06 103rd Ave., Queens, NY 11429 and helped 4 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
is the full study available anywhere? I'd be interested to read it
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it -Henry Ford
RT : Former #Maryland QB Danny O'Brien is transferring to #Wisconsin #Badgers . Good News!
Oh Mr. Player do you feel like a man now?
Awh haha how cute! We got kicked out of every club we went to lmao that's probably why I didn't see you
I like to take this TIME to acknowledge and send a special prayer out to TRAVON MARTIN'S MOTHER on this DAY. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Snakes hate cell phones.
Happy today to eat Buffet with Great Friends-Restaurant was so busy-more trays were empty than full yet I managed to stuff on my Favorites!
mobile has evolved - it's now it's own market.
Happy B-Day girl...hope you have a great one!RT : Today is my BIRTHDAY! And, I hope KETK Neal Barton got me a big ol' cake! ;)
David Bell, sales development & training manager, Houston, TX, performance consulting & training
RT "Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher." ~
I think, therefore I'm dangerous.
You and me, we are on the same page with this one. Bones are for the birds. Wait. No. SHIT
Wax Tailor is bomb.
Find best of the best, provide intensive training esp social voice, then empower, coach & recognize!
my mom is so exited about your CD coming out tonight. Shes going to walmart at midnight to get her own copy.(:
#FF "Student debt foregiveness would be a phenomenal stimulus"
where did he grow up. Name sound familar
thank you !(: goodnight sleep well& sweet dreams(:
Yes, I am Frank!
thx for welcome. Glad to be back for a short while.
JT asked where he can get some magic beans. He wants to meet a giant. He also told me that HE owns our house. Should I be concerned?
I have to get the new Kip Moore CD. That's on tomorrow's agenda.
Know your telecomm trivia for tonight's Tavern Trivia!! 7:30 at Uptown, Lowry, Tech, Wash Park and Littleton.
Who wants to be on set for 12 hrs with someone they don't like?
RT Really good? : Project X was funny af..
Don't you all L O V E that feeling on Christmas Eve!? Where you can't sleep and you can't wait for your friends + family 2 open ur presents!
Sleepy today. Coffee is in my very near future. ☕👍
If shes more then what I expected I might hav to change up wat I sayd
What type of "seasoned personality" do you have? Try me. All I need is your birthdate and the dob of your parents. I'll give it a shot. :-)
you'll make friends- bring it on!
#bestof2012 concerts included ...
Me too. It's hard…I'm constantly pacing
Kennesaw State University expects to top the $75 million goal of the its first capital campaign a full year ahead of schedule.
Thanks for your involvement, advocacy, and support!
is that for info on the fire??
hm....no more calamari for me.
Sick at home. I hate being sick.
you kno i did doc
Call backs :) im excited to learn the dance. Good thing I packed sweats and jazz shoes ;)
Breakfast at the Wheel with the wife. Only a month til the baby pops out. Hasn't hit me yet but I imagine it will soon.
you love anything that's dead...? Uhm lmfao
gotta love clear skies @ a forecast of 70 degrees for mid-November. :) Imnotmissingwinter
We've got something a little fun for you all coming in the near future =)
Oh and band practice tonight with was radtastic! Jonothan and I kill it as a rhythm section.
never let u go
Intelligence is within so show it off!
looks like 76ers will probably take game 2.
Hey buddy no worries on that brochure, we got it figured out! See ya tomorrow
awesome. I always need help. This press conference etc will be set up like the UFC etc
Happy birthday to my favorite pike !! It's ya birthday, see is will let ya lick the icing off.
Yep. The early 90s html distracts from the fact there's good research material there.
Try having it as a last name! Only good thing I got from my ex husband other than my daughter was a better last name! :-)
We have shorted 2 stocks with bad earnings, AMZN & JNPR, and we have went long stocks with good earnings, FFIV and VMW. It will profit!
Discussing the Delmon Young situation and the fallout to come for the Tigers. 248-848-1130.
I'll be seeing you, in all the old familiar places. The Notebook > cleaning
Yikes! It's roasting out here today. That's my cue to retire the liquid foundation and break out the mineral powder for the summer.
can't wait for #SNL to come on T-minus 40 minutes Denver time
Not hardly rr ": That'll teach you not to jump in our convo!"
is putting out a mixtape.
you're so purdy...
wassup Man who you ?
Often I prefer to watch the comcast on demand window that previews shows and movies versus any actual shows or movies
Thanks! glad you liked it! hope to meet you some day and have one with you.
Happy Memorial day to everyone!!!
lmfao, because he's a nice guy! are you home already?
If by "three-day weekend," you mean we're going to Groundhog Day it and repeat today over again...
If you're given an opportunity of a lifetime and you disrespect it go fuck you and your fake self.
Thanks for the follow !
Thanks to for the follow! Text message appointment reminders is a great way to keep in touch with patiens and confirm appts.
We open at 5 with EVERYTHING 2-4-1 until 9. MKE's Best Happy Hour? Doesn't get much better anywhere! At 9, Shawn Page brings the noise!
word: lucky #Obama, fake #Romney, crazy #Newt, lost #Perry, 16th-Century #Santorum, who #Huntsman, clueless #Bachmann, unpasteurized
hey guys! our website for tix is down! working on it now!
what did Cole say about JR ? I missed it !
Thanks Lena! I believe in the magical power of the WIP too, as long as it isn't an evil sprite in disguise! :)
me too?? hahaha ;)
That was the stupidest dress that I ever saw Ivanka wear she looked awful
Home from shopping :) got a new mic so I can Skype again :D
lol there was no space in the cabinet had to put it somewhere
Imagine the outrage if women tried to tell men what to do with their bodies.
Call me old-fashioned, but stones look great in any living room - and should always be arranged in circles whenever possible for M'tudukk.
CJ can't go for steal on that play, he was the last line of defense, Watson playing bad in every way
Liberty is the breath of life to nations. ~ George Bernard Shaw
Happy New Year!
: Whadaya think of this? Homeless Hotspots, SXSW: Controversial Company Selling 4G Access in Austin
Here's a trivia question... How many professional sports teams share the same name???
JUST FEEL LIKE SPREADING MY LOVE ALL AROUND... ;-0
...your missing the whole point of life. Praise God!' -Dennis Moreland
Thanks all Party Bus Riders for a successful weekend! We have limited availability next weekend so don't wait to book your event! 447-2446
is back to doing actual work
Girl, stop lookin at me like that RIGHT NOW. plus U ain't cute.
Aloha Friday. I totally earned you this week.
Watching One Direction on iCarly <3
Follow us in October and you could win a free tank of gas! Random drawing on 11/1 for a $50 gas card.
Fred Thompson and Fonzie are on reverse mortgage commercials just before dawn, when compromised credibility gets cablecast.
That was a pretty nice game.
Read Extremely Loud, Incredibly Close....one of the best books I've read
Chicago,IL- need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 200 dollars. (Casting Code B3)
I'm still hot.
Today marks the 42nd anniversary of Earth Day! What's everyone doing to appreciate ABQ's amazing natural beauty?
Awesome! Thanks for stopping in this morning!
No person, male or female, can deny that they have never masturbated before in their life. You know you lying when you say that.
And to Spring Lee for gathering the group! Go AEBP 2009!
has swonderful manners.
The 3.21 team ERA doesn't mean shit if the Bucs can't score 3 runs in a game.
I'm a youth pastor.
My king tut baseballs are going to Cairo with the Tut exhibit!! (That is if we can get them thru Egyptian customs)
If you're successful, you win false friends and true enemies. SUCCEED ANYWAY.
guess what guys? The lights won't be on till 3am..... awesome.Thank you Terre Haute.
": its 5am McFaddens nights I'm going to miss the most " We wont miss you
please come to CHICAGO!! i would do w.e to go see your video even if i have to skip school♥ #lilcrazyforlilcrazed(:
I've been reading about it. Amazing!
RT: "I'll Have Another" wins and every frat guy gets richer.
S/O to , You're my sparring partner!!(: You're hilarious and you're really mean to me(: And you need to text me soon!(:
I got ya sis b safe out here .
We love random acts of kindness! Thank you for playing but you must be a MI resident to win the
hey nobody is perfect right? A timer is a good thing. Everyone needs a chance to regroup.
what u need bro
Lobster & Pearl Diver are 2 of our teachers' favorite apps too- they've evaluated all math & reading apps for elem
my dream place <3
Excellent - Glad it went well! Trade shows can be a lot of fun when it's about the folks you meet!
When I was 4yrs old, my favorite game to play in the bath was Ed Grimley.
I bet you're right :P
I'd love to write a piece in an hour for instruments that I don't know in advance - bring it on!
Sadly my current U.S. based organization tries very hard to force the U.S. culture on other geographic locations.
On my way back to dickson! Thank god BC I hate hickman it makes me sick to my stomach
yeah lol I waved at u I flipped her off cuz she cut me off
MAHOMIE RIGHT HERE! If ur a mahomie then go follow :D
"Life's too short, you love who you love" - my grandmother
Cool let me know where you'll be at....
The #DFL sucks. #Minnesota needs the #Vikings. Remember how long it took Pro #hockey to return? It cost a new #stadium anyway!
I hate when an ice cream craving is ruined upon the freezer door opening ...
I can appreciate that POV, but I don't share it. I do think they're kids. That's what I love about them.
Believe in your flyness...conquer your shyness.
lost 1.8 pounds since his last weigh-in! He's lost 10 pounds so far.
Hey make it up to us by returning 200% and meet us in New Orleans, Packer Nation is a family, we love you all. Cept Jermichael.
Not pleased with how 2011 went, so I'm throwing away that calendar and getting a new one with better goals printed on it.
PUSH.TO.START.
For now on If u like manga continue following this acount But if u like everything else is say (tv, books, movies, etc) follow
Dese NFL network people is on tom bradys dick thy ben talkn bout him n da patriots since idk how long
Don't see how people are still celebrating the game outside by porch drinking/screaming/starting chants #doyougotoschool?
Too young for marriage, but too old for games.
Ugh...studio moves suck.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
what time does second start?
why would I be mad at you??...I was on break from work it just happened
You've got that right!
Any #Excel experts out there?
PS: President Obama, Ron Paul and even myself have a few things in common. It happens. It should.
try quikfire grille at the mall
Pizza and coffee is a dish best served cold.
he just doesn't get the hint, smh.
Who else is in Love with Rob Dyrdek? I know I am(:
"So this is what it feels like?" "What? To know there's no hope?" "No, to be the only one in the world that knows there still is."
did lee die?
I hope Austin never changes. Because boy you're amazing, just the way you are.
Ok so her daddy just gave her the she's a nice person speech & told her that she will be seein me a lot. She just gave him the WHATEVER LOOK
I hate Bob Dylan. He can't sing and his songs are terrible.
don't understand why people constantly forward me emails to which *they* have subscribed. If I wanted them in my inbox, *I'd* subscribe.
The Greek government is trying got help the EU save German and French banks that loaned them money. This is contrary to Greek interests.
I am home from work and didn't want to call in case Eli is sleeping...call me when you're ready for me to get him! =)
i will never question your commitment to sparkle motion.
Congrats - if only I could deliver in person! Any ideas on a charity or student group that you'll help with your $100 winnings?
Hi! Not much of a golfer. I hit every once in a while, but definitely need some more practice. How often do you play?
shimmy shimmy yah shimmy yam shimmy yay
Thank you to Ray Kurzweil for inspiring and scaring me at the same time.
So ready for this IB exam tomorrow.. can't wait to sleep in!
Day one complete.
uh... yeah. and nope... Im not in the mood to do 2 hours of math :(
just like Brennan
we'll see!
Thank you for the #FF Mary.
Mr. President - Why can't we simply cut some of the foreign aid we sedn to other countries to help with our deficit?
What area r u usually in? RT : - Sad, we're only in this area for the day. We'll be on the lookout around town.
Whoa! Full on Double Paycheck in my mailbox! it's soo beautiful. OMG OMG OMG What does it mean?? So beautiful <sniffle>
gotta love frames of reference. Dr eeves actually sounds like a great name for a bond villain.
Happy Fat Tuesday, Mardi Gras, Pączki Day, or whatever you call it
At the end of the day my boy's happiness is all I'm worried about
Trust and belief are two prime considerations. You must not allow yourself to be opinionated. - James Dean
I'm going to go out over lunch & try to find him. Can you take all the benches in Brewer's Hill? I'll start in the Harbor.
Alright so apparently tonight is let's make Serena feel bad night. Would anyone else like to add to it?
Me too! :-) Thanks for sharing!
No word yet on itinerary for keynote speaker during his #RIT #commencement visit May 25.
this is why we are soulmates... I do the same thing
The closer I get to any kind of holiday, the harder it is for me to concentrate b/c I'm thinking of all the cooking and entertaining
It sounds fun but I have no Man right so I'm back to the old fashion way lol
A virgin to that money, a virgin to the fame. So this my only chance, so when I'm over only pray
Only one I like right now is Charlie.
Aw so cute, yes it's hard to find good - trustful friends.
it does......its getting better.....but still ..... the head is throbbing
Hey everyone my account has been hack some Jack rabbit had nothing else to. Plz do not open anything from me in the next few days. Sorry.
I've been great!! and my day is going fantastic!! :) How are you!>??
hehe love it!
#vsa2011 benefits of video ethnography records to share with colleagues,build capacity for ongoing critical appraisal,potential to transform
I used to leave out here, about 10yrs ago. I will spend pretty much the whole time in a classroom :-)
y do they say practice makes perfect but still no one is perfect?
"She was stabbed with the washington monument?"
1.do you like blondes 2. Favorite store 3.most embarrassing moment 5.whens our wedding(; <3 6. Would you cover Mac miller?
that's funny! Haha(:
Thank you for the new EP My soundtrack for the day.
Why are 's analytics now always 3 days behind? Makes it impossible to accurately monitor and act on an individual video's views.
"you dont know what's in store but you know what youre here for"
Tyrese  Nothing on you
“: I need to put a record out in the 1st quarter of 2012.” Word.
Well, hopefully we'll see you in soon.
2 school then work
Quote of the day: "shee-aht! Girl! I ain't gonna marry that man! He can keep that motherfuckin rang!"
we need a lot more intermarriage and a lot more mixing before this will be a color blind society but we will get there one day
If it was an overnight success, it was one long, hard, sleepless night. - Dicky Barrett
I speak only from my heart, no time for frontin !!!
I.e., civic investment in a comm. sports enterprise is itself a nec. condition of continued enlightened boosterism; not of sporadic, though.
Today's writing goal: Edit Part 1 of Cold Rock, 8,000 words. Brewing coffee now. :)
*HIGH FIVES*
I know "sorry to hear that. Follow/DM so we can investigate."
Q5: Make sure getting a Master's degree is what you want. Ask yourself how it can benefit you and your future career.
I have a fireplace in my room. Ladies?
Welcome Mesa and Fort Wayne
I count any day I don't make an ass of myself as a win.
What up twitter niggas?
Thank you Derek. Hope to see you at Convio12.
Thank you! Little Buddy is missing Your Buddy/Big Buddy on Little Buddy's birthday though!
I tried to with dd-wrt... and also failed. Would be curious if you find anything.
aww, shucks! Glad you found it useful. My panelists rocked it
We have seven people squished into the studio tonight. We're all sitting on top of each other, more or less.
u got him spoiiled & zay gon luv em dm me ur number so I can call when in coming to get em! U think I'm playin
Childish Gambino is the
It's a math-based cartoon. Not too horrifying at all. Just toddlerific. :D
Headed to the Edge public access tech benchmarks session #PLA12 @ 10:15. Check them out and tell the crew what you think in room 116.
I let mine lease w an option to buy.
Still plenty of time to get to the Wynn Poker Room to join our noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Sign up until 1:40 pm.
HRTrainingPortal.com = Training at $51 or more per person - $10 per month, 3 month min. Title, URL/Email links, 80 words, searchable.
shes followed and i did have a good christmas and wbu?
holy shit. best. ever.
Following food trucks on twitter is a bad idea when you don't work near them.
Do you have a franchise story to share?
Come on Tebow!!!
he a fool Loooovvveee it.... THE REAL HUSBANDS OF HOLLYWOOD
Still in bed sick :-(
Does it have to be someone other than yourself? Running a test and not seeing index after 30 min.
I did but he got some bangers on this shit he has a song with like every rapper shit goes in
Told my dad. He just said okay. Hope he gives me the money. Imma ask tomorrow & on the 29th....
Arrrgh!!!! Come on Tar Heels.... You are tripping!!! Shyt!!!!
Took second in the criterium today! And I got the Prime, I think that's how you spell it...
I walked today
you in the mirror or something
Literally the best song hahahah.
lol i can totally picture him in granny pants..LOL
My cats are fucking retarded
He's basically holding the whole Bellagio high limit section hostage. It's pretty funny.
Are you talking to me? They call me Mr. Pig !
Did you know? There are 1,148,100 firefighters protecting people and property in the U.S. Nearly 700 of those are Las Vegas' own!
So long, Peyton. We hardly knew ye.
The view of Juarez is great from here, wish you could see it. In other news, Miss Wolff & I have much to discuss with you.
it's because I wasn't there right.....
"where do we go now" opens in LA today. Directed by the beautiful & talented Lebanese actress/director
hahahah no he just walked past us and he kept looking at me like omg...
just ate like a fat cow :)
Starting the Sea Caves tour at La Jolla Kayak!
>>>>> WE AINT MAKE IT THIS FAR FOR NOTHING ... TIME TO PUT ON.
you can do it RYAN!!!!
Keep staring. It was well deserved.
yeah. I just wish their master plan would keep its paws off other people's content.
Take Howard Stern and mix him with the guys from Jackass and Workaholics and you get these guys - Abe Lincoln check it out
Honestly my favorite part about everything so far was our sand castle competition Lolz we totes won 😏✌
Avoid hangovers: stay drunk.
of course!that's the best gift!
laundry, only palatable with lots of coffee, from the coffee shop ... none of this make my own ...
#DontSay 'Money Over Bitches' When You Don't Get Girls & You're Always Broke. Stupid Ass.
Here's a good question no one is asking: who the hell is Bob Hohler? The new Mike Barnicle?
Everyday is a money day
is content restricted to EU-only IP addresses? I'm in the US and would love to view content here. Cheers!
I will be on Good Morning America - Health on Monday, 2pm & 5:30 pm see link below:
yeah... I agree. But people are always talking about hows he's the nicest guy in baseball
": To those who say the One Direction fanbase is mostly made up of 8-10 year olds... Have you even SEEN the perverted jokes?"
When my boyfriends sick i feel like dkdinedidnusndow$%4/jdkheusj ): my poor grumpy boy
cybernetic monster from an imaginary world
I don't think it is possible for me to have found more places to hide money in my clothes last night.
Fake people will wish you the best as long as that benefits them ...
Fill in the blank: The Detroit Tigers are playing like _____________________.
“: Saying "Beer can" with a British accent sounds like "Bacon" with a Jamaican accent.” that really teue
#DoctorsBetterThanConradMurray. Dr jack Shepherd <thats what i'm talking about
Our new LA News Group Prez Jack Klunder on transition to #DigitalFirst: It's going to get harder (& be exciting)
LMNL allows arbitrary structured annotations over ranges of text. Marked up in the same kinds of structures as the text.
I would go for that! I wish I could go back in time! :)
RT : Today is one of those wonderful kind of bright, gray, damp, cool, fragrant days I'll always remember Houston by.
Thank you for your courage to speak up.
Why are all girls crazy, taken, not interested, or ugly?
Wishing all of you a blessed Ash Wednesday. Today God Has A Plan For Me! Is featuring the Legendary Lena Horne, Dancer, Singer and...
Keep Voting! RT Get ready for a special announcement from on our morning LC News this Thursday and Friday.
Please follow :-)
Transportation and industrial equipment make up the majority of U.S. exports.
Hey chica, I am good just enjoying this spring time weather! Enjoy the rest of the day;-)
sounds like a neat class :)
..Cleaning the Studio.... WOW! and I thought my Underwear was dirty.... Whew!
Thank you. Hope you're well and I like your bio message.
Me and Dante on the After After Party show at the Wool Warehouse! Sick shit
To be clear. My retweets are endorsements, but I won't say what for.
Seriously One Syllable Word is so catchy! Can't stop listening! :)
Job board client asks for 12 book covers for $50, reporting that her current provider "has dropped off the face of the earth." Sigh.
Using the phrase "Everything happens for a reason" non-ironically probably means you've given up on critical thinking.
RT : Programming note: I will be on #motorama this evening to join the crew parsing my views on the #Dart Stay tuned!
Derrick Rose...MVP! Damn right!!!
thanks for the tweet and the link to the L'Hote piece. It was a fantastic and smart read. Good to meet you.
Well, it's a funny thing . . . and now that you ask, an observation I probably should have kept to myself. Sorry. :)
Great! Thanks! I'm following you now, but I can DM you only if you are following me. Thanks again!
Our rooster (Lehi Louie) has moved across the street. Apparently, there is a hot chick(en) over there.
#turntoyou is one of the best songs you have ever written. i love you<3
Ever wish you could stop being a pimp? Me neither. Check out our indiegogo page!
Okayy here it goes... will you please be my date too homecoming?(:
Well I gotta eat....
<--this is my avi because non-violent cannabis arrests are truly asinine so one could say its a protest of sorts.
Recession-Proof Your Job: Start with Common Courtesy
Ima help you up thea, just gotta work for it bruh.
I feel like a reference librarian today, first time in a long time. Many faculty and student questions about publishing and copyright. COOL.
James Welling's exhibition "Geometric Abstraction" opens this evening (6-8pm) at Regen Projects
Ejaculation occurs in the genital organs, whereas orgasmic sensations, being related to the genitals, are mainly a cerebral ...
If you think you're better than anyone sorry to tell you but your not you're just fake
Sign up for our email bulletin by sending an email to with "Subscribe" in the subject line!
Ugh I can't wait for The Hunger Games.
Awesome! Not only do we have football team at our event in Feb, now the team will be there too!
Back at ya Neil!
my boyfriend is so cool
Follow us on LinkedIn, Facebook and Google+ for security
Putting on some sweats and calling it a day.
Anyone else think is sexy?
Leased Lines - Hosted Systems - Business broadband - Mobiles - Calls & Lines - ISDN ...and more! Call me for more info on: 01636 642 496
It is better to light one candle than to curse the darkness. Chinese Proverb
NexGen Storage has new offices, things must be looking up
Carine Roitfeld to Stage a Fashion Show of All-Black Outfits at Cannes: Her curated collection (including labels li...
They say 1 in 10 people lives next to a pedophile. Not me,I live next to two gorgeous 12 year olds.
good morning =) realized my friend took like 10 pictures of me when I wasn't looking and put them on facebook. ok.
*Ignores phone call & texts friend* “You called?”
If you only have 200 followers why do you have 40,000 tweets?...what the hell!!
The Fans are Rockin and Rollin at the Furman Football Game!
Referred away 3 shoots today. All interesting too. Oh well, I'm thankful to be busy.
I think we gotta link up through fb to follow eachother on spotify. Lemme check...
I need a drink!
whoa did you attend or just have a patch? Awesome either way!
u want me 2 drive over there in mi invisible boat mobile
If you can dance, you can love. And if you can love, you can do other shit
Tonight the Holland Dobbins Little Big Band #Christmas #jazz program with special CD give away!
It's never too early for ice cream! :-)
sometime I feel like given up and say light my boy said f*** the world
The easiest way to those achievable dreams, in which no doubt
Today is Bike to Work Day...Fuck your reflectors, keep yall asses on the sidewalk.
Look forward to seeing you, Nikki!
“: Congrats to and on making the USA select team! #WeAreUK” That's my boys!
I want to kill everybody in the world.
BUT I DON'T HAVE A DIARY GABBY I WAS BEING SARCASTIC OHMYGOD and you're calling me a dumbass
Tonight at 10! - CANOPIES, Halfletters, Union Pulse, Andrew
oh maybe! Haaha I'm not sure. Lol that names funny... Not as funny as today in science though!! Haaha!
HAHA! HIS little sister! Im a boy you silly girl! Burnhams Lil Dude thats me!
♀Whatever you cross, Whatever your pain, There will always be sunshine after the rain♀
for Crying Out Loud, #newsweek and #tinabrown: consider th consequences of your so-high school/tryG-to-be-different decisions. Be responsibl
re g+; beats hell out of twitter & fb mate; early adopters even in our tiny fleet verticals already ;]]
this is true! 😃
Lind: the American South was the Saudi regime of the 19th century (reactionary, resource-extracting, export-oriented monoculture).
I am the new water frisbee champ as of this evening. Yay for me.
Thanks for following new friends
Margaretha, thanks for following us, we are following back! Have a good night.
u guys should make a porno
My pleasure, always.
The historic home of is now on twitter!
RT if u want a followback :) [ one rule; must follow ]
when's senior ditch day?
Breaking Twitter silence to say OMG IT SO NICE OUTSIDE!
My husband probably feels your pain. My older son and I are both ADHD. I hear we can be tricky to live with lol!
I signed up for an account :)
I grew up in LV, KS; know the power of tornadoes and local journalists. Thanks for the follow!
You always seem to be very informed to me...I am betting you will find out.
thanks buddy, getting old!
lol....shut up! I think we are I will let you know by 2:00pm. Is that to late?
Have a happy Friday!!
I'm at Subway getting a bacon, egg & cheese flatbread. I was asked if I wanted bacon with that.
You just gave me college flashbacks
They weren't THAT bad... were they? Lolz
Attn Members: Scammers are posing as FCCU to obtain your personal info. Remember - we'll never contact you asking for personal info
ayy i need more followers
RT happy b-day to u 2 days from today and me today
Can I just be home already? I want my summer to start!!!!!!! and I really just want a hug from a certain someone. #HurryUpSummer!
#activateNYC12, check my blog post on how stop-#SOPA protest in Jan. was biggest-ever day of traffic & engagement on our site.
Family  where life begins and love never ends.
This is my 2800 tweet
lmao I totally forgot about that movie
Soon as 10 o'clock hit I'm clockin out and jettin outta this b*t*h
You Are So STUPID WOW
hahahahah you crazy
wait, what? more info!
you keep drinking your bottled water imported from france.....drought is the word they use before they tell us its empty
Thanks for the RT, Ernie! Happy Friday!
More than happy to man!
yes we did :)
Today I was offered fulltime at GameStop, but I love the hell outta Taco Bell
My ma needs to make this food run. I'm starved
Reaching out for something.
Damn my 14 year old cousin is crazy at shuffling and all that techno dance thing lol
Had to start my day off with some
. received over $500k in campaign $ from the entertainment industry now she's their PIPA puppet
#Graduation is may 12 so close yet so far
WHERE ARE YOU
Thanks to The #stephenking Project, I'm becoming more & more comfortable in this King section of the store.
#FF Dads make all the difference:
wishes everyone a Happy Chanukah!
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy♥ please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp ♥ 19
I am really liking the sound of Buckeye, Arizona right now. Sounds promising!
RE: Venice flat: when you do finally move, we'll be neighbors! (We're staying on here at the Million $ MegaCondo. SUNDAY MARGARITAS!)
Night with my favs darts, the monkey and smiles.
Ok will do
Region Championships begin tonight in the Bluegrass... Best of luck to all teams!!!
I get money to kill time
i love your all's music(: ur amazzing
what, you don't get enough attention from your mom while you're living in her basement? lol bye.
The functions of intellect are insufficient without courage, love, friendship, compassion, and empathy. - Dean Koontz
I love Drizzy! I wish he was the one I was goin on a date with this weekend. haha
“: Why Do people think everything is real are people retarded seriously vampires do exist!” i meant dont
#JMS220 What did boxer Manny Pacquiao say the reason was for his less-than-perfect fight against Shane Mosley?
MT : Q2: Some of the proposed leg from #Congress could take us backward. We must cont. advocating for
I'm not bigtime like heard the crib the super nice though... Happy for you and the wifey!
event's official twitter account says i can stop by, so probably 4ish. glad i checked in on tweets.
We really want you do debut our new single, Bang Bang. Let's chat!
Tornados to the south of me, blizzards to the north....and wicked crazy thunderstorms in the middle. Is mother nature on crack?!
. no problem, anytime you need a cheering section we're the girls to call. Tough game tonight, we'll get them next time.
Spamming you.
Finna go out with the godparents! =)
Totally baffled by the DNA helix.
Sunday night? I'll B there Mike Ladd
If you judge people, you have no time to love them--Mother Teresa #livebyjohn15:12
OMG! Coffee out of my nose! :D
Open from 8:30-11a and today will be here at 11a to see our #homeless community members in need of services
nope she still at work
I remember you still! :) miss you too! What's been up? :)
dammit...now you know we're all gonna have to do that now too right?
Tonight at Bnai Or at Newton Theological - playing again with Shefa Gold - a night of chants - visit www.hebrewchant.org - for details.
How are you :)!
You're welcome. You're one of the resources I link to on my site. Have a great weekend.
#columbus #hiring contract-to-hire CNC Programmers in Columbus OH. email resumes to
Truth deserves zero credit for saving Detroit. He favored forcing bankruptcy
Wonders how Mississippi is voting today!!!
They don't want to work! They just want to be Given!
Med Pizza w/100% WI Mozz & 2 tops, xtra tops $1.49ea, $5.99 p/u dine-in or delivery. Print coupon at Pizza Shuttle's Facebook page for deal.
they aint got it dawg no way they beat clips or okc in a 7gm srs
You are the only person that can make my heart beat faster and slower at the same time.
Between 16 & 20 M bicycles sold in US every yr. More than all cars/light trucks sold in USA combined.
Vegan 101 series took home 3 awards last night at LA Web Fest. "Outstanding Sketch Comedy Series".
I Check Ur Songs Out Bro Thats Joint HOT! U Need To Do Some With It
Excited to head to to see
ok just working. How's da fam
What's your top client priority this week? Tell everyone and it will happen
hm... better than Alpine's pulled pork with coleslaw sandwich? Research is needed.
ready for my boy cee lo!
I just saw the family. All that matters is where the fun is.
Path really scares me. That's a little too much information letting people know how long I sleep:) No matter how close a friend
What disease would you eradicate if you could?
I almost molded from twitter not working
Same here fam! Ya'll gotta hit it up down here... It's crazy here
we look forward to your submissions! Keep writing and read often.
It's apparent that #PhilIvey has tweeted for the 1st time since #BlackFriday | In memory of #Poker legend Amarillo Slims passing |
Making a 69 in math
I need a job ASAP!!!!
Imma bout to catch a Case on my birthday. Cuz my momma is gettin on my fuckin nerves before 7 am. Im supposed to be still sleep!
The Office! For shame
Bush & Cheney used 9/11 to demagogue us into a Trillion Dollar War. You'd think they'd let Mr. Obama have a little ad.
Yeah, I figured that wasn't enough notice for you. :( Sorry! If it was though, I wanted to make sure you knew!
That they take their menial job way too seriously?
jealous. Bring those boys to Nashville sometime. Please....?
Just had a lady at SFO tell me I had to put my laptop in my bag to get in the security line...only to have to take it out in security. Eh??
Luxury! Sounds good. Hoping to be there by the end of the month. I expect to celebrate with sushi.
#muahahaa RT wish I was there for the awesome hour, but I'm stuck in the lab doing mad science!
When we act in the world and regard others with love and compassion, we encourage life to flourish. Both for ourselves and others.
Really enjoying Rick Perry's version of "The One That Got Away." Oh, wait... sorry. I guess that was Katy Perry singing. My error.
yea :/ well hopefully things will get better
Is this your new page....follow me....
nice 4.3s...check your sources from a couple hours ago.
Happiness is only real when shared.
You know you have a one track mind when Da Brat is trending and you think of tailgating.
How long are you going to be in Barcelona?
Blessed $1,000 of sweet sweet #taxreturn! Jack in the Crack is on me tonight!
ha! Love it. Such a simple task that seems so hard for many.
How goes the wedding planning? What do I need to prepare? Do I need to buy a flight and make hotel reservations?
You get fifteen democrats in a room, and you get twenty opinions. Senator Patrick Leahy
edge is silly
RT : Join us Twitter & participate in #FoodieChat We have so much fun talking Foodie & making friends
We're back Podcasting tonight folks. Look for 2 shows from us this week!!
guys! tweet at this amazing fella, and ask him to feature Goodbye Coastline in the Substream Random Awesomeness section!xoxo
would you rather apply for "super awesome tech guru" or "electronic resources coordinator"? trying to write ad to fill my old job.
don't forget
. great concept, look forward to checking out your app and I know a few people who could help expand to upstate NY
that is hilarious!
Really What Happened... Lighten Up My Night!!!
good morning!!!
hey , why would you black me out of a game playing on ESPN when the whole reason I have mlb TV is THAT I DONT HAVE CABLE TO BEGIN WITH?!
ohh :((( it'll be okayy;) wanna talk about it?? And I'm great;)
- hope you had a fun weekend. Thx for stopping by :) - sorry about D.Rose.
Lunch in the caf at NatGeo as we set up for the specials today on the Gulf Oil spill - hour 2 with Silvia Earle & Enric Sala on the Oceans
heat bro you would hurt feelings out there.lol
Preach on brother...
(i'm pretending i didn't see this)
breakfast-burrito-in-bed
Another 1/2 hour till my train. I'm always too early. 😣 Better than being late though!!
Jesse Stay author of Google+ for Dummies says when you're designing products on the web, think how u can bring people in
Getting ready to boot up to #Windows8 - fingers are crossed
ehh same ol same ol. lol. u? love ya too!
got some new heat for the site..Dm
I Waz a thug this Halloween and stole some candy aint shit ironic punks! hppy Halloween
Prolly the usual knee grows lol
I only fuck with those who fucks with me.
You don't want all your inbound links looking the same, because that looks like automation - something Google frowns upon
Bitch ill Fuck Yo Hole Crew Just To Get Over You
they do!!
Got my first paycheck from the new job today. Feels good to have a little room to breathe, financially speaking.
It's Friday!!!!! Try our chorizo burger w/ lettuce, tomato, poblano, avocado, cheese and Coa mayo or one of our other delicious specials!!!!
Sluts on twitter are so entertaining c: they warm my heart
Pick 20: Sir Circumference and the Dragon of Pi by Cindy Neuschwander
Microsoft, mortgages and the Net. (Microsoft Network holds promise as marketing took for mortgage bankers)(Mortgage Technology: Reachin...
That profile you posted was from an era when reporters got to write stories longer than 25 inches! Jen Davies rocked it.
Stay tuned for another Juarez video.
so... whats up with ya?
Debating I can be that amazing~ Me? What's between you and your best self?
same here
me too. “: Funny, before Roger's red, I was thinking that Espinoza has controlled himself considerably well this season.”
Today's musical motivation: Some 'intelligent trunk music' by Making me wanna go "super hard..cuz the bass is banging..hard.."
Half way home! Spring break!
I did Miranda in my 1st play of ME2 but lost Jack during suicide mission. Romanced Jack on my insanity play of ME2.
an American werewolf if Paris?
Shh Morgan freeman is speaking
That's exactly why I resisted. It's like wearing legwarmers; I already did it the first time, and that was enough.
that's a good thing, lol. you know where i'm buying a villa, if i win ;)
Whatever. I'm done. I did mean all those things I said though, iloveyou still.
no. I'm not a good fit for that job.... thank you for asking...
the championship is beautiful, but the game is ugly.
Thanks for the ReTweets! and
RT : We knew that our thrift store interns from Beit T'Shuvah were talented, but who knew they could sing, rap and......
I cant wait for austin to move to miami. Ill be spending a good portion of my summer there because of him(;
Today was my 2nd day and I already want to quit
Invention is easy, distribution is hard.
Sometimes the hardest part of helping others is getting them to want to help themselves.
Mitt Romney and Ron Paul two man race???
It downtown Tosa this morning? Stop by and see ! We sure appreciate his AM live shots today.
Saw that was having a Derby event and thought of you! Did you end up deciding to throw party or not this year?
I signed up for the webinar under the name "Carter Pewterschmidt" It's possible I'm the only one that may find that humorous.
How's everyone doing today? I am working on a lot of new music videos, follow my personal twitter and let's talk!
Daylight Savings makes us lose an hour. It’s just like checking Twitter.
we got the bad weather out of the way yesterday. Arlington TX 0% chance of rain friday. let me see u wobble!
so u just gone get down on me! I've been PUNKD! Why u get down on me I was on some real nigga shit!
it happens much more than you think, including about five minutes ago
You rap? Or are you just joking?
Hey Griswold, where you gonna put that tree? Why don't you bend over and I'll show you...I wasn't talking to you
He's Mi Lighter To Mi Cigarette
Happy Thanksgiving to all the singers/songwriters.Be grateful 4 having the gift to compose,to sing,to have music in your life. Music is Love
So far Hattie McDaniel, Whoopi Goldberg, Halle Berry, Jennifer Hudson, Mo'Nique, & now Octavia Spencer.
yes damn them
A million times yes.
#ThingsWomenWant: Someone they can trust. Without trust there is no relationship. Trust is the foundation.
Word RT : 2012 playoffs has been horrible for injuries.
Even a generous drug treatment stay costs $30,000 LESS than an average term served in an Illinois prison.
Never thought I would be working on finishing my message with Lightning McQueen yelling in the background
we'll see what happen with time. What happened to bowling tho?
Deep in the metaphorical woods of a work project. Tweets will be light until the weekend.
how are ya?<3
Sweet !! Make some videos lol
#FF Good luck with Season 3 of
oh lol damn how did you get 1.5k?
To my friends and followers on Twitter, will now be known as
You Would'nt mind If Me and Your Son Went Out, Right? LOL
Come to Mobys in Fells Point (right next to Max's) tonight for
In film, Shutter Island, anagrams were clue (same 13 letters): Edward Daniels, Andrew Laeddis / Rachel Solando, Dolorus Chanal; 'Teddy'/#67!
Firefighter Recovering From Heart Surgery Survives Home Invasion Scare - NBC4 Washington
Happy holiday everyone #F one last rodeo
now the #Stripper is passed out in my bed&im trying2figure out which of my neighbors lawn to drag her2.prolly
Julia&Julia time w/my love <3
more coffee this morning at MGS ...but we should switch to tea! Healthier and keep teeth clean :)
Should women get their own wines?
Brad from our team is at #NETA12 today! What session are you most looking forward to?
Thank you, Carol, for helping get the word out...and get the "Word" out. I am grateful! Blessings to you.
Jason Bonham should be shot for that remix of Black Dog.
- Ohh Haha . Yeaa It Is . Every wednesday. I Was too . How Yours Look ?
Are you on campus already?
i replied
psh. Ha see ya next year girl scout
right? And there's a liiiiiitle part of me thaat buys it! Arg!!
Regular walking is one of the most effective forms of physical activity that delivers substantial health benefits and improves heart health.
Sebastian Junger is on book tour -- our review of his latest, "WAR" is available now. Is peace possible? www.thecurrentreader.com
If you get complemented on your balls, your shorts are to short.
Now it's time for
Super Mystery Jackpot clue: The artist's name is an example of alliteration , the pot is now $95 sing at karma or irish knot tonight to win
Time: Heals & Reveals.
And what would a ranger know of this matter?
Playing some rocky rolly music Friday at the with Poly/Western. Special guests and drunk friends will join me on stage.
It's Friday, ya bastards!
ROWING: Riverview&#39;s 2012 Hebda Cup sweep includes another overall title (PHOTOS)
got tossed out of practice for showing up late. it's wed, when all the schemes get put in for Sun. too. not the day to roll in late
My brain has been on stupid mode 4 the past year working at that "club". Seeing the effects today. Hopefully that'll change.
do I need to do anything to buy pre-sale tickets?<3
Sounds great! We can get it done. Follow us so that I can DM you my email and start goin' over what you want to have done.
I did something nice for someone I don't like for all the right reasons....WHY DON'T I FEEL GOOD ABOUT IT???
Did you get a chance to sign up for the Hackathon on June 9th?
Such a busy day today but in such a good mood!
#Mets are the only team in #baseball without a steal this year.
My art teacher kept telling me all about the Navy during class! Be safe you woman!
“: is so humble that humble pie must be renamed humble bakeshow pie. Follow him”
bet you won't
Missed today, about to watch it now. I know it won't be as fun without all the #uppers providing conversation
MIAs seem at ease w role in making aesthetic choices to produce restoration-poss b/c of inherent collaborative nature of original?
ah! They are the most badass of people.
i'm doing it. sending in the contract today and getting married 10 months from today!!! so excited!
so pretty!
has never needed an AD more than today.
My psych class just completed evaluation sheets on our teacher and based off an informal exit poll the most common answer: strongly disagree
#BBW #agreed Why not? Act like a criminal, get treated like a criminal!
I'm still on the fence about the show. Watching though so what does that say.
i cant beleive some of you people are still on this ghost town they call myspace! get ur butts on facebook
Communication, Tolerance, Communication
YES! Kids asleep & I get 2 watch commercial free! My only solo ME time all week!
Polar bear attacks the beluga whale
We definitely have some Arsenal fans who come in for the games. They love talking futball even if it's not the season!
the whole was maravilloso! Loved it
Two of my dudes are autistic it is a challenge but well worth it as you know :)
Well sista if you're feeling bloated around those ppl.... I better keep my post cruise belly home ;) HAVE FUN!
congrats Jimmie Nice race!!
"Do u got the power to not let power control you...
Ah its starting to rain!!
Life is a marshmallow, easy to chew but hard to swallow
Am I the only person who isn't a fan of monkeys in classical art?
Where U watching timbers ? I'm at the bitter end.
live #Raw tweet-up. Waw
But Thats True Tho , If A Nigga Dick Little Of Course Its Gonna Be Loose. But If He Gotta Big Yastanme , Then That Sht Gonna Be Tight!
Pizza fridays!
titanic IMAX haha
I've been in Las Vegas at this goddamn airport for six hours with approximately 32 delays. I want to punch everything.
Listening to Alex Trebek read lines from Teenage Dream was pretty funny.
Global Education Conference Howard Uni. Middle School of Maths&Science.Guest Speaker :S. African Minister of Science&Tech Ms. Naledi...
I love how you use so many theatre actors in your shows! Any specific reasoning behind that?
Explain 2 ways in which people are able to resist obedience :) x
sup ginge. your adventures in canada have gone on long enough
how did he get poison ivy?
2 of my favorite things #nodoubtRT : I couldn't agree more! RT : We think &amp; bacon make a handsome couple.
understandable and u ain't dare lol in person fa u to put it
... Does anyone own a shirt that is so old... it is incredibly worn out and faded, yet absolutely PERFECT? Yeah. Wearin it now.
So wonderful to see last night! Thank you for visiting us can't wait for the newest issue of
Doing okay. Gotta headache.
I have to work! :(
"#ghettotranslations I'll use that in the hood" - #twitterless Noah a.k.a. Cuban Commi
I believe in Harvey Dent ...
Some may say I'm wishing my days away. No way
Firday - Up for auction at 9:30PM EST is a Brand New Panasonic 32-Inch LCD HDTV with iPod Dock! Dont miss the fun! New visa gift cards also!
Ayee Slut I Just Blasted It Right Now ;) <3
I joined Twitter! The perfect way to connect from my new home in Minneapolis, MN!
My Mother told me that tonight is your big finale so good luck.
Going on a run with my doggy.
RT : "Senior art show today...music tonight. How am I suppose to get my work done?"
Why did twitter just suggest that I follow Kotex tampons
. if Tiger misses the cut @ #ThePlayers, the downfall chatter will only escalate. He needs to really go low today.
#SOBA12 The technology has the answers, but it doesn't have the questions. It's not one without the other, but leveraging both.
Beauty isn’t about having a pretty face, it’s about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.
PLEASE FOLLOW !! 4
Dreamt it was my job to discipline a dog named Good Dog.
@ HOME...it was a busy busy MONDAY, but got thru it, and ONLY 4 MORE DAYS til the weekend!
Well alright. Rekindle our failed lunch date plans?
The news from Libya makes me want to be like Hemmingway and go off to fight the fascists! But my wife would not approve.
any idea on lineup for next weekend? #pleasebehungergames!
Fuck you, exhaustion.
Heading back home
what is it? It won't show:(
Told yeah you would make it lol MooN
I am now lol.. we just started so I'm trying to get all of my equipment together. I have a seagull acoustic guitar
apparently the fire is in Tecate.
“: I wonder what they did with Dick Cheney's old heart?” Turned into pink slime, no doubt.
so um... your still mine right?
true true get wit me later my G
congrats on the #mastercleanse - it was life changing for us. Are you going it alone?
trying to login to #sloancres but says "group license limit has been reached" What to do?
you already have
LMFAO no, i'm a virgin. My throat just hurts for some reason :/
I rly wish there were a couple days to take some deep breaths, say "Fuck! You!" to the sexists, and then jump on Barrett's bandwagon.
Hello there! Tremendous meeting yesterday. Thank you so much. Lots of excitement Thanks again! Deniece
Talking on the phone with this busty <3
Listening to great speech by Nobel Peace Prize nominee Asmaa Mahfouz, leader of pro-drmocracy movement in Egypt.
Mr. Quintero defends FLES as a parent and taxpayer. He illustrates how happy children are when they see their FLES teacher.
i like the sound of that!
Be Bolts or Be Lame.
Are the judges smoking something? Adley was MILES better than RaeLynn, who was nervous the entire time!
I did record it haha soo yeah the first 10 minutes was pretty good and wat happened with skype??
I'm so mindfucked right now, que pingaaaa
Late to school fuckkk it
Been there! RT : The awkward moment when no one else is laughing except you and you can’t stop.
Great Follett webinars this week. Excited about Destiny!
Some people just don't fucking get it RT : Why not BJ Raji?
Props for putting together a #amasummit LS12Peeps list on Twitter - great idea!
At times I just ask myself why
would love to help promote the May 1 Fitness Free events throughout the city! Check out our directory!
just made a ustream!!!(:
There's no competition when one is creating...
no not at all it hurts!!
Wish i had headphones that dont blow out... I love to bump my shit
yes go Big Ten
okay sounds good!
Who has a extra iphone s/iphone ? And can unlock it for me
Happy Birthday to ! Hope it's great.
About to hear one of our greatest authors speak at Columbia. Writers: anything you'd like me to ask him?
Crank-e-Mart
is packed!!! Waiting in line is still worth it ( with my lil sister )
Shout out to for the nice message he sent me..just saw it today maybe I would've gone faster :P
because he can't accept the fact that you're my god brother ! & check your dm !
ARIANA YOU ARE FOLLOWING ME! THANK YOU SO MUCH! BUT ONLY IN MY DREAMS .. :'[ MAKE MY DAY AND FOLLOW ME IN REAL LIFE TO?♥
Regulation win! sweet!
-~-~|+ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Then its settled, well get the blue one!
I think you need to have the money talk" before. You have "the pillow talk"
do you read anything into what seems like a lengthy visit? Glad the sun decided to poke out today!
Thank you! Loved your video, too. Hope to meet you & hear you in person one day soon!
holy cow! “: Besse...HE.CAN'T. MISS”
don't oh me I'm not khasheem
Amanda Rockman takin' people down at the Bonchet awards! Pastry Chef of the year
#Heat let this one get away. I'm sorry but the Celtics still look old on defense. The refs will give heat more calls at home.
“ Reading old messages and realizing how much you really miss that one person.”
I'm too down! I got my set up and everything :D
Hooray! RT : Thank you for the follow. I will be participating in this Saturday's walk in Davie!
Is Wizard of Oz played out? Cuz I see a new front-page meme...
Final score of the Brewers Game: Brewers 8 Padres 3
Congratulations to for being AV Rated Preeminent #Attorney in #business #law, #commercial law, and
Resuming an ordered existance is going to be harder and slower than I had thought.
Something wrong with your car? Let us help on your auto expenses through
#8MINUTES :D <3 AH IM FREAKING OUT ALREADY!
makeup tester #app is fab! Love playing w/ #chanel makeup & model w/ deep skin tone is a beauty
my gut just came out my ear. Dat's funny!!
FACT: In 2009, Youth Court heard 744 cases! *Hint: Current jurors, it might benefit you to remember that number for Saturday!*
Liquid dope got the best of me tonight
haha sounds good. I'll see if I can find something too.
you are wise for one so young!! :0)
I've been out of the office and out in the real world all day today, Twitter. What did I miss?
got it, just been swamped. Do you have a user breakdown?
What would Gemma do?
To Mr. Jefferson, Happy Birthday! Thanks for the Declaration of Independence, Statute for Religious Freedom in VA, and the University of VA
...this wont take long
I am so glad that Austin Scarlet just declared his customer is from a Fragonard painting. He is so Rococo!
Happy Monday! Wishing you a great start to the week!
Ready to hear some celebrity Voices for Service on NBC tonight at 8. Join the conversation
Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet -Victor Hugo
What are thoughts about #FB brand page tabs if brands switch over to Timeline? Will anyone look at them anymore?
BANG! NightLife @ the California Academy of Sciences is sold out tonight. Open bar, Fitz & the Tantrums, JBoogie, Ren & Billion Jelly Bloom.
PLEASE NOTICE ME!! :( It #MakesMeSalty when you dont -.-
Thanks so much, Deb. It's only the first step...but getting out of the hospital/into my own bed would be lovely!
awwwwee<3 RT “: Good luck to my lovely girlfriend for her exam today!!”
When Y100 Miami Radio Is Still Playingg Songs... #WaitingFo'Austin. Yeah, I'm kinda impatient right now. aha.
Awesome good luck! I hope it goes well :)
Warning! Wild Weather is upon us! Tornado themed Custom and Micro Beds are up now on #productionvault! Check them out!
I know that thought. Nerds do love to bicker.
Way to rep the
Bailey is my new BOOSKIE! (;
I desperately need some cool cube decorations.
Hey, they found those girls from Whiteville, TN! Yay!
I feel so close you in mind but in reality theirs a distance.
Tune in for our upcoming shows including interviews with Alyson Yarberry and Lisa Vogel of LUXE by Lisa Vogel.
Right on!
We are ontop of google search so excited like seeing your child graduate at top of its class!!
Is a kilt required? I am definitely in for some good Scottish food right now.
Has a really bold-flavored potato salad recipe. The secret is Miracle Whip.
Thank you ; looks good!
no do I need to follow Norm? And how do I follow Norm?
I'm over here high as fuck.....
I got 5 hours to sleep before work
#ToMyUnbornChild i will be lucky to even have a wife ...
Transplant recipients too ya think?
A new program coming to the University of Baltimore in 2013. M.S. In Innovation Management & Technology Commercialization. Very cool!
Going To Prom ^.^
The tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell body parts for money.
I need to clean
This should work well. RT Irvin is first top 15 pick from West Virginia since Adam "Pacman" Jones in 2005.
i likke u..
Watching the Cubs documentary on ESPN is one of the most depressing things I could think of doing... Yet I can't stop watching
It was. That they might have a love/hate relationship w/ food. That sometimes they adjust better than we do.
girl scout cookies
9/11 is tomorrow :'( everyone go on and search 9/11 remix heaven. u will cry
i missed it too along with im obligated to play whatever online game my friends r n 2 memo.
check out my new cover.
Hi Leah!! My mom and I watched Good Luck Charlie It's Christmas for the 2nd time today! Do you wanna go there?? Lol
I bucket-bathed all the way through elementary and middle school. I'm ready.
ha ha...let me think about it and see what I come up with.
So stressed out, there's nothing I can do.
bit of an anti-climax...was expecting an inspirational quote that I could pass down through generations!
Perfect day to pack :)
ok, we can hit on Thanksgiving foods next! Ha. Have a good one
or spell it out with hershey kisses and be all romantic (;
I wonder if there will be many gay divorces. "Why are you leaving him?" "He leaves the toilet seat up!" "So do you." "Oh...right..."
on my way
Happy to see the rain come, but happy to see it go in time for Transform a Street starting this Friday on Richmond between Pownal and Queen.
Happy 100th Birthday of statehood New Mexico!! You are the Land of Enchantment!
Am I the only one that goes to the gym in chanel skinny jeans and JoGhost boots?
hi! How's yer cat?
I agree. I would eat *all* the food. but that's ok, I'll just make a sammich @ werk in a bit. you want one?
Only one more week of FREE Breakfast Month!!!
Everyone should check out blog post. So perfect!
Life becomes so much better when you decide not to care. Just live for the moment and don’t let the drama bring you down...
looks interesting. Hope mtce costs don't make the biz prohibitive. And watch out for what did to
BBN loves ya back :)
Awesome - I didn't realize you went to India for your honeymoon!
the best one I've seen so far
Seems as if everyone on my flight is coughing, sneezing, or nose blowing. It's my own version of Contagion.
haha. I wonder what else we could sneak between the floor boards?
Kind of excited about the upcoming Icons of Science Fiction exhibition at They'll have a Dalek there!
dude u go to the mud hens game just to look at the players in tight pants O_o
RT : Keep in mind: the last time NC voted on marriage - it was to ban interracial marriage.
dont be a bitter #Sens fan.
too lazy to landthieves it, but did we find out why they were all susepnded?
You too! Keep me in the loop about #fireandice stuff!
just remember, whatever you do today, you're doing it on my birthday.
don't worry. Get you Hank Moody on and chillax
My mistake, I was just looking for the story, not this persons interpretation,Yes this persons is ugly.
My hearts doing weird things. :>
Saniyah decided to scratch me & made me bleed -__-
oh that doesn't surprise me then lol
At Carnegie Mellon, waiting to hear Anne Balsamo talk!
#10ThingsIFindAttractive good taste in music.
Everyone Trend Ariana Is Our Angel ♥ *Credits To *
Hope all my #BBNFam will have a great weekend and do something fun!
It's time to live on purpose
Congrats to Montera's and Nate on their new twin babies, a boy and a girl!
haha, wow - now I wish I'd looked backwards when I was there.
Ha. Ha.ha.
#CoffeeIsForClosers only! You call yourself a #rainmaker you sonofabitch? You can't take this abuse? How are you going to handle clients?
Yes, until Tuesday
Why do my grandparents think Obama is basically the antichrist?
GO Pacers!
I have goosebumps as I flip between the United and City matches.
I know:/ we used twitcon always chill now never!):
Inglish and Spanish
hahah yes! That would totally make me feel better! :D
This job description is morphing into the nanny request letter from Mary Poppins. "Rosy cheeks, no warts! Play games, all sorts!"
also, it must really bother you enough that my crap team always ends up beating yours.
I wish I could google "things to eat in my fridge" so I wouldnt have to go downstairs and be disappointed.
how do i fuck u that line with a typo !!! joke ruined
my pipe broke on christmas :(....
aww loved the vid .keep up the good work:) will always be there for you austin<3
Adriana Lima. a Victoria's secret model
Now I want to get on tumblr.
Soon I will be joining the iphone community ( :
It's obvious 's going out with K guys?
Man I wanted to see the g unit meeting now I was to wait until next week!
now it's denver's turn.
Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised. -Denis Waitley
Drama and stress free for 2012.
Follow Hiedi she supports ya boy from Across the Pond!
You ARE HOPELESS
Friday, I have no practice, and early release... Leggo.
it's all good!
Italy, you?
Right on Don
#c21GC what time do we start tonight?
i dont like sharing my secrets because too many people who i never thought would, walked away. so prove to me that you're different.
2 women team bringing wellness to your company, office or event
Today is Self-Harm Awareness Day; I lost my best-friend to suicide. It gets better, I promise! <3 If you need to talk, I'm here... Always(:
trying to figure it out
chillin w marty,
It's a Structures kinda night. This band fucking rips faces off.
RT if you have a Twitter crush.
New Matt Kearney album is fantastic! This album is a must have...simply amazing.
CONGRATS DONNY!!! You've won the hearts of America, once again!!
WE CANNOT WAIT!!!
Kicking off this bday weekend right. At a grande fiesta...3 Tequila shots down ;)
My life, my choices, my mistakes.
IT LIVES! *dances*
What Hair color should i dye my hair Lime Green or Hot Pink I cant decide!
and that's a damn shame
ian has the cutest smile.
Hope everyone had great holidays . for me its back to the grind
RT whising I was back inte best city in the US - isn't it SO true? :)
X Factor judge Nicole Serzinger hot and awesome.
dude does this chick only know red heads?! Damn.
I swear we can make this last.
"I can say I'm a Steeler for life and that's the bottom line, that's all I've really ever wanted." We'll miss you Hines!
God bless us everyone we're a broken people living under loaded gun
“: Last 3 thoughts from #MarshallGoldsmith: Be Happy Now. Help People. Go for it. #fls11 #AwesomeSpeaker”
Happy birthday, !
thank you for following us!
A3 - I love when events have their own hashtag, so you can network & find contact info during and after event (easier than biz cards)
just signed up for It looks like , but for dudes.
you did not follow me, therefore I did not buy tickets to your Coquitlam show. So... Follow me?
My son wants to learn how to get Apps published....any tips for inexpensive starts? We need to do some research.
Thanks Mark!
leave them for her to glean, and not scold her.” 17She gleaned in the field until evening. Then she beat out what she had #Torah 45/99
we did!!!! Thank you.
Morning aphillyates. Rise & grind this morning
Andy Dick is in the house....holly molly
but that's scary! why are you there?
#FF What's going on? will let you know...
"Inscribete" or "registrate" ~ talking about #votolatino and how to engage the #Millennial #Hispanic vote
NYC looks like everyone's alright.....luv you all, look forward to this week!
Hello thanks for the follow! <3 :)
what did I do
now why would u post that, course now I wanna look, good thing looked before and he vouched not to look.......JERK
AIght i feel you!! keep up with the good work, ands good luck :)
Saraiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii LicKs Ass.!
We are too. Join us for our groundbreaking Monday 5/14
the night is just getting started Browns fans, and I'd say this is a pretty good start.
SERINA HI UM I MISS YOU MORE
The win means so much more to the #Brewers nation than it does to the
New York bound
Who's ready for Drama Prom?!?!
everyone wish the beautiful a happy birthday! hope you have an amazing day cara!
Think my delicate sensibilities are better suited for minor league ball parks. Whataburger Field is perfect. Everything perfectly scaled.
"Perhaps the oddest meeting was when Dr. Dre visited Jobs at Apple headquarters."
Lovely people over there at Underground Lounge - had lots of fun. That said -
I have tweeps at two very, very different conferences this weekend. My feed is busy and a little surreal.
thanks to u too:)
Right on & ESP Litts &Frankie! I hate that our kids wont have the spectrum & #Phantoms hockey
RT Please RT. Hey #VegasTech, two great breakout sessions at on 1/19. Term sheets & bootstrapping.
I know right?! Some people are just plain crazy
I graduated last year I'm in culinary skool now and u
How about - Carl Hiaasen's Hoot as a WWF endangered species feature?
Oh damn, is rockin. Best cakes in KC!!!
this is an epic superhero goes aginst 10 unique other scientist made human like power robots ta wait till you see the 11th Evil man
thanks for following!
swag on lou,tell me did niall ate the last fondou,liam knows bout me harry knows bout so hit it for the dj malik 3 2 flick
I wish I didn't have to go to work today! I just want to lay in bed ALL DAY and be lazy!!!
They hand out two-dollar bills for change at the Rose Bowl. Who knew?
Remember when the #Pistons gave up way too early on Arron Afflalo?
remember that night you took a nap on the speed bump in Denny's parking lot after leaving they bar?
"DON'T swim to europe!"
marie is wkng on it- but seems since i updated to the new mac option it broke something with the media player. Pls chk w/marie
grey's anatomy sucks
All the sounds of the earth are like music. -Oscar Hammerstein
nice! NEWS: that Dan Marino will start at QB week 1 of the 1994 season opener.So long Scott Mitchell
i wish you all of the luck in the world :)
