Curator is such a bad title. Viral video maker even worse! Hollywood version: Make me some cult classics. Stat.
Thank you for the mention about our guitar documentary and the threat of the loss of trees to guitars.
When a guy brags about his money just to get a girl its a turn off unless shes a gold digger.
Looking forward to #TheLorax. Gotta be better than The Cat in the Hat movie.
OMGG you are so lucky :(
Getting ready for this spring... gonna be a good year...
Biggie Smalls always hated mediums.
dm me fa more info.....
I can't stand it I know you planned it / I'm gonna set it straight, this watergate
i feel like ATT's message with their 4g tv ads is "get a 4g phone and you'll become a huge asshole that everyone fucking hates."
what happened last night?
NO!:( #DWTS roshan and Chelsea got voted off!):
Oh. I didn't press save before uploading a document for a job app. Ugh.
One of my fav times of the year has arrived! Birthday & the Oscars this weekend. Here's to life & dreams of a future little gold man statue!
Shit in order to miss school tomorrow... I gotta go to a bridal show with my mom
Just started The Extra 2%! Stoked to listen to it.
Primus was just used in a Celtics commercial. Happy day :)
Yes I did how was yours
ENCOURAGES YOU ALL TO FIND A REASON TO SMILE TODAY!
Just met Tom Green at Andretti.. Just another night..
Congrats! How was it?
This step show is about to be on point... Dm me for ticket info.... We got Omega Psi Phi, Kappa Alpha Psi, and Sigma Gamma Rho....
we was blessed wit tha recipe, all i ever did waz keep it street
that one was a mahomie one ? O.O
American Woman.
LLN. I was talking about girls, bro(;
My two greatest hopes for #Oscars--Melissa McCarthy wins Best Supporting Actress and The Artist doesn't win Best Picture.
Happy Mothers Day!
Coffee date with and before our last Tuesday night class of grad school!
Happy Race Day!
RT : ALA members: Got a quiet Friday afternoon? Look for your email announcing access to the ALA elections ... and vote! See...
I always read all of 's tweets. #bestfriend or #stalker?
You are the best kind of person.
The only value ESPN has now is to find out what athletes are tweeting.
Those potato chips are pretty good! :) Enjoy
To be honest I don't even know what BOA looks like I wouldn't be able to pick her out of a lineup.
she made a classic mistake ... Saying she was eating for 2 but ate for 4.
well since I haven't seen it, I can neither confirm or deny.
Smith's Old Bar for Music is like going to Pay Less Shoe Stores for Music.
"Fear fucking fears me!"
girl of I was a few shades lighter is be blushing lol. I'm so happy ya people liked it! :-)
How about a guy who could play SLB to the Colts in the 2nd? Only 1 LB taken, could mean good value.
O.O. (That's me staring at you like the Undertaker.)
So I was playing sims 3 and I turned on the radio in the game and one of Justin bieber's songs came up lol
Tune in to 820AM, 96.7FM at 7AM this morning to hear John Pendolino's feature story on our upcoming exhibition!
L.A. trivia night is in full swing ! Be sure to join in the fun at our Boyle Heights location at 7PM tonight!
I LOVE YOU TOO :D
T-2 days until a two week vacation that includes a trip to Vegas and a golf tournament
I just snurup
Straight like that 😏
I just like to smile. smiling's my favorite. :) lol
Your so lucky!!!
I know! its not suppose to be out yet.... but he doesn't have to knoww(;
"Buck a Shuck" Happy Hour oyster deal is obviated when you can't swallow the $2 Bud Light, and instead order the $10 martini. Eh. Worth it.
whoa just realized it's friday the 13th.
that looks like it's going to take a while. I suggest taking the volleyball out to save some time :)
Whats your favorite girl scout cookie???
I'm afraid to get rejected, so if I show that I like you, I must really like you.
Up up up up
Where them sexi guys at?
ITS ABOUT THAT TIME!! CHECK OUT THE CINCO DE MAYO BASH hosted by ya boi & w/ SPINNING THE HOTTEST MUSIC 2-8P
Dan about to go live from Rose Garden with latest on Blazer trade today..KOIN Sports in just a few minutes
trust me, that's not a bad thing.
5 point game. Let's go boys.
Y'all get ready for a stream of random thoughts!
RT Shopping: An activity in which we kill our nagging existential anguish by replacing it with an acute financial one.
Aucoin looking like Edler on that. Yuck.
happy holidays all!!!!!
and thank you too! En route and ready for that yummy cream of rice.
haha yeah man! That's the sticker sketch I did! I'll send those to you tonight!
Got back to the hotel after a full day of publisher events, I've got blisters and I'm so unmotivated to get dinner. I might just go to bed!
Nice sign! Post more pics of completed projects!
then go get some damn tequila and let's party
Need help - how can I make my dog comfortable with someone else putting a leash on her? It's a big problem! Any tips?
Had a fun time shopping this afternoon!! :)
Lehigh over Duke? Ya gotta love the madness! 🏀🏀🏀🏀
game of thrones!!
Reimnder! DO NOT MISS OUT ON OUR 10 picks for tonight! Email now! 14-5 last 19!
Leftovers from catering gigs this weekend....boo hoo....I want to cook!!!!
good morning! Oo yo! I have a question for u lol dm me ur number
Opening night of Annie! :D
Tired from all I had to do today..
finally some good news! 3 of my holiday invites included the phrase 'open bar'
y'all need to come tour in new york:)
oh. Well were going! And I think so is everyone from last nights party.
Commissioner of #Labor is determining the time an employee can be employed without being subject to UC requirements.
Boneless pork chops and mango ginger chutney are delicious! Whole wheat Cous Cous too! Yummy!
my pleasure, nice to see you smiling and always enjoy your company!
such an impressive run so far by #devils. Wasnt sure what they'd bring pre-postseason. They brought the good stuff
Rats are a lot harder to catch with a fidel, unless that fidel is full of rat poison.
You're saying you could beat Nikita? Well, good luck with that! In the meantime, I will organize your funeral!
you just changed the world in an instant!
freeze - you are the edge of the bonfire / all listening skin and teeth
That new Ace Hood mixtape hitting
Is hurting today ah
you NEED a tele.
AND be living in California.
Whew! Filed our taxes so long ago, I'd forgotten we'd done them and froze in anxiety. Then the pain turned to relief like a brainfreeze. Ahh
Hello friends- Tell us about your weekend in 3 words- we will start- "Way to short" :)
I love you ♥25
A cautionary tale?
Thanks for the RT :D
Yeah, baby!
Honestly, sometimes I just miss the way we used to be...
Just got two new bracelets from claires!
they need a TE
omg maybe you can join!!
hanging out ready to get this #sactweetup party started!
Good morning and thanks for the follows - we'll continue to help
Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind. ~ Walter Landor
Fun Fact of the Day: You thought that only you need sunscreen? Well pigs, walruses and light-colored horses are prone to get sunburned!
Don't give up on life when a problem comes traveling through just keep your head up and keep on going.
If you enter the United States while being deemed “legally inadmissible” by the immigration laws of the federal government
How will I know is my best light
I still dream of getting your twitter handle. If you're open to giving it up, please let me know! Thanks,
is Bob converting the 5 to liberalism
God. COLUMBUS. Really?! REALLY!??! Ugh... Still pissed.
the last time you said that, I seriously changed my bio xD
Rachel Tillman pleased w/changes that have been made, but we need more focus on entrepreneurs & other businesses.
What does ray Allen's hair look like when it's grown out?
My upgrade is in 19 days, but the charging port on my current phone is broken and now the batt is dead. Can I just upgrade early
he loving the crew!
Hey All my theatre friends. New Federal Theatre is now on Twitter. Follow them at
taking a break after weeding out the peonies
RT : Tonight! An evening with Donald Byrd and the creative team from the 5th Avenue to discuss the collaboration with......
49% of men report that a woman's sense of humor is a big turn on
This match is intense!
#Risk Mitigation is an important consideration for #ICD10 planning. De-identifying data for testing environments is vital to the plan.
please follow me I'm a big fan
IPhone 5 rumor... Apple will rename silent mode to "LeBron" since both are ring-less.
www.Shastic.com seeks #beta clients: #venues #restaurants #bars 2 #promote #events & #sell #drinkspecials on #Facebook. DM us for more info!
by the way ur pretty also. No Homo.
James Home at Google would be the one to know about this.
Dame Edna on talking about the royal wedding. Love it!!!
me too, it was worth going negative in the bank lol
ritard: there's one in every family.
Lol so the list was wrong and they weren't next To move here apparently. Lol$320pledge.com
Fewer things seem out of place at the rough-hewn DefCon hacker convention than a swarm of kids.
Finally home!
That's so awesome!!!!
hey Taylor, we had a death in the family and wont be able to play tonight but we are going to reschedule ASAP.
I'm about to get home, can u still get on oovoo?
Fb will always be a high school playground full of drama
Just returned from daughters highschool orientation - I'm pretty sure I'm in over my head...
Wishing so much good luck to my friend today!! He's got a baseball bat and
im here already I've been here since 11:30
Tip of the day: if you want to make your team get 2 records at once then alls you got to do is make it look like you werent trying to lose.
": I'm so drunk right now I just walked in to Kentucky Fried Chicken and shouted "Hey!! Can I get my chicken choked?!!"" Haha!
See we celebrating already cuz we already know we won! :D
Happy mothers day to my truly amazing mum
im working but my dads on his way home... Find away to call me
Time for a big 2nd half!
Obey your LEAN
Hahaha. RT I feel like ALL of Death Cab's songs are kinda stalkerish
Excellent InfoPeople webinar “The Hopeful Workplace!” Kudos to presenters George Needham and Joan Frye Williams.
Well, I have had my share of excitement for the day. Grateful that everyone is safe.
you won a tier 1 prize.
Time to go and knock this workout out
was up punk
Naw u hung up it's cool lol
what's good?
It real hard to go to sleep when u have a special someone on your mind
a Cervantes #quote for World Book & Copyright Day "Who reads much and walks much sees much and knows much."
yes!! I know right!
wish our Bill Bailey would've had the balls to go! “: Guns n Roses into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame....? Life is good.”
...again, I say: if you've liked his other stuff, you're gonna LOVE this one. Strong cast. Such a great shoot.
thanks so much. That's the idea. :))
I apologize to all the people that were at the party on sat. I did not mean to be a sloppy drunk :\ . Quiting for a while.
In the flour bomber's defense, Kim wears that much powder on a daily basis.
Lots of visits to the burger joint on #420 Day...just sayin'
waking up to my kids
We made do without the biscuits. Dinner rocked. Loved the octopus & fried oyster po boys... & I need that cornbread recipe!
I work in grapevine, so I could do 5:45 ish. We could meet at watermark church if that's convenient.
"shit, if I wanted a quilt made on a machine I'd just go buy one" -wisdom from a customer at
Wed nite at Signing Dinner Chip played your clip & spoke abt u - 500+ #GoDucks fans grinned! can't wait for u & this class!
Caught some March Madness at the Greene Turtle in #Ballston last night. But is anyone else worried about getting hit crossing Glebe?
Are you on a Mac? You could try repairing permissions in Disk Utility. Or reinstalling Chrome (sad to say).
I love being out in the sun. No sitting in the break room for me.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle "Jennifer's Body"
you might be right. When are you getting back to the city?
Thanks much for the follow!
He want that cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake.
You're all kinds of awesome. Thanks!!!
Being an Aspie means clearing a new path for others to follow. All great inventions were started by an Aspie.
I'm giving out 10 autographed air guitars & a Celine Poster to my 100th follower and to all that RT this. Yea that's right, I'm big time.
Love it!
"ugly people wear ugly shirts" wise words from Spridge.
"I am not the kind of girl who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion." #Retweet if you are a proud #Swiftie¹³
It too often we abandon problems before finding answers. Einstein:“It’s not that I’m so smart. It’s just that I stay with problems longer.”
My goal is to write something so amazing that Scott Brick will agree to read it for the audiobook.
The sweetest sound of all, is your own name spoken by the only boy you care about.
our pleasure!
Why don't you use an iPhone? iPhone 4? :)
I'm concerned - it's ur fault. Renaming you guys #CHAOS &
Hell of a day.. The news business is crazy!! Gotta love the adrenaline though.
there r a lot of cute colorado news personalities on tv but ur the cutest by far. I think its ur attitude
me too! that's where the best babies come from
#newpuppy try adding some fish oil to the food it works as an anti inflammatory
But you'd probably drill at least two people in the face
hey morgan how r u? will you follow me( we r friends on FB)?
he won a Cy Young for y'all! Besides him Mulder and what's his name were more responsible for that 20 game win streak than not
Would any blogs/labels/podcasts/aliens listening be interested in dropping an exclusive Quarry mix or should I just do it all DIY????
Most guys now this days aren't gentleman which is sad.
So is there a bug goin around??
Great sox game tonight from 6 rows behind home
I LOVE SUPing, can we please go?!
#longboard When learning PLEASE wear safety gear. I would beg you to even if you've been doing it for years but I rarely take my own advice
Yay! Icooked for the first time n ididnt burn myself
#Seahawks take another LB, grabbing Bobby Wagner out of Utah State in the 2nd round.
Good article on 1/2 marathons. Keep running and check my blog out too when u get a chance.
On a bus with a bunch of 7th graders.
Chris Spielman said, "As good as these two offenses were, I have to be honest, the defenses were twice as worse."
It's not the first time I've been wrong - but let's win tomorrow before we start talking about next week.
My eyebrows are starting to look like caterpillars.
watching hannity...relaxing
Awwwe, Miss ya more! I retired last month & find myself busier than ever, it's a good busy, it's my busy :-)
So Im Thinkin Like 10 Songs On Martian Muzik, Start Working Tomorrow
#mh8 - we didn't place the wall of tweets onstage to avoid distracting panelists or having laughter at a tweet while a panelist speaks, etc.
RT : RT : How many #mammograms in the $3.5 mm price of a #SuperBowl ad?
Hope you are having a wonderful start to your week.
why not? At one time he loved her. Drugs got in the way
Dublin Or Bust.
Tim. My main account is but i'm on a tweet limit there so just remember that <333
you guys should mix breakfast in bed together and straight up make a breakfast bed. Bacon weave blanket!
Two weeks making progress on knee post-op got my doctor follow up just gotta keep making progress!
yeah but she ain't a very good role model
Sebring Are you ready, March 12, 2012 Open House. Be there come learn about our programs
My knees are killing me from crossing them during the whole perfomance of
wise prediction!
Our little Bay League "rivalry" is definitely fun. Good luck. Hope you win the league. MT Congrats
do you know of mike stacks?
Darrell wash just flipped over a player and scored a touchdown!!!!!
Got a New Avi ^.^ ** gjkngdhfgbufhdgkjnrtfgjk He a CUTIE (;
Jk ill rather workout :) 
Meeting with G-Unit dang Pauly I'm do proud of you!
I think should tweet me a "goodnight"?.(: Iloveyou(:
Ultrasonic's unique distribution model will do this RT “ #futureoffilm New models to pay artists directly are needed!”
Having a hard time accepting that the Jordan Taylor era is over for #Badgers. Way too short. Shoulda been one more game... if not weekend.
Bout damn time. LOL. No disrespect. We just been out here waitin is all. So... Hurry up. Luv ya. GOD bless
Typical TV guy. Wrong. RT : David Gregory on Romney math: You can't win the head without the heart.
English Class sucks
Unfortunately I never saw 'Stealth'. I'm not sure if that's a good or bad thing. Do you suggest I wait until it comes out on DVD?
thanks for that maybe he know someone who has come home who may have more time and be willing.
ya man it was great
k coo ... Goodnight baby
Hope the #LTDArmy is having a blast this St. Patrick's Day! Have a great night and be safe. Drive safe and sober. The cops are out in force.
Breaking news the sugababes are back together we can all sleep at night now
Sometimes my decision making skills are faulty.
Coldplay's music is such drivel. The horror I'm hearing now is a remix of one of their songs that sounds like UB40 got behind the console.
Did anyone else see the women beating her crying child? /: . Fucking sad.
ESPN Analyst Jay Bilas talks UA, GameDay - Arizona Daily Wildcat UA News ESPN Analyst Jay Bilas talks UA, GameDay Arizona Daily Wildcat B
Why piss around with dumb Staal trades when you can watch the L.A. Kings' splendid forecheck every other night?
"I am not fucking with you.I'm here from downtown. I'm here from Mitch and Murray. And I'm here on a mission of mercy." 's Blake
Next Time you're in vegas checkout the store call Seat in the fashion Show mall on the las vegas strip great deals nice clothing
“: #InTheFuture i will be living in a two story log cabin house witha wrap around porch in the middle of the woods :)”
ah what?
On a day in #Detroit like today, a moujadara pita sounds about right!
I donated...you scare me tho...haha
California.. One word, traffic.
please follow and and
Thanks to Mathew Evans with KnightHorst Shredding: Interview on "Mind Your Business"
Award winning author of Life of Pi, Yann Martel will be at Powell's Books tonight at 7:30.
"bros" don't need that explained to them. They know why a man stays.
what you up to!!!!
“: Happy birthday to one of the best jump shooters I ever met enjoy #HFam”Thanks my dude
u do realize this won't fit in a mini van right? This ain't no kiddie thang!
there's one for Patterson Park. Great way to connect and share info, tips, watches cohesively
I totally want Natalie's talent. Although I'm afraid I wouldn't like what my cats have to say about me. :P
Better. txt me punk!
anyone can run tests before committing. It's how long it takes to fix a broken build that counts.
Me too! “: I wish I could come over to your vacation house. :D”
chillin at the crib. Lookin at dirt bikes n stickers. #pbr as well.
I never knew love would hurt like a heart attack.
Thanks, You're (we're) the best.
Merry Christmas to all!!
Hey Arturo :) I miss you so much! You're very Outstanding Victorian that you have amazing tweets about ;)
short run due to time. I just finished a 2.17 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I am are you at the keynote? I like the MOOC
tht would have been a good one... except IU jus got off probation last yr. lmao
This girl had a crush on me in middle school & all it took was a dream for me to reconize her.......now we talk daily she the
all you fucks are so boring on twitter tweet some funny shit come on #GetReal lol
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves. Ray Kroc
thanks ya little shit
I have never done the dinner show. Only Ohana's. We are going again this year for Thanksgiving.
My grandma is like my momma tbh
Really wishing for a little MST3K commentary with this Senate hearing on online video
The angels of transparency have a strong connection with the akashic Records and the Crystal beings.
much love homie
Rhubarb Custard Pie | Beneficial Farms CSA
Like a good neighbor, LeBron is there. With a life 1,000 times better than yours!
As long as Daddy is singing I'm sure Ava is happy! :)
thank you! I'm beyond excited! Miss you both. Come out here and visit me
Never tell a young person that anything cannot be done. God may have been waiting centuries for someone ignorant enough of the impossible to
There is plenty of room on the Sixers' bandwagon for everyone.
Purple kush get me high like a missile
I'm sure lovin this summer weather in March...guess I don't have to go to San Antonio in April.....
Body doubling effective for students. Just sit with them, not tutoring.
maybe revenging yourself via email? ;) RT : Evening - not Evenging. Not sure what Evenging is.
Jesus, being Republican is like some kind of fucking religion. Fuck all y'all, can't people change their mind?
That Awkward Moment When.........You have a fake catfight over Men with your IBFF and you actually get mad, cause she's fake winning LoL. ;p
Im looking for #internetmarketers who want to make real money online. Launching something friday with #free #software to help you.
Kickin it wit my boy here at VAMP Patio, music bumpin, heat in full effect!!!
Don't tell me you'll see me/hang out.. IF YOU ACTUALLY ARENT GOING TO! it's BS and it makes me mad. P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
Even FoxNews was embarrassed ": So, WTF is up w/Hank Williams Jr.? What a douche. Comparing Obama to Hitler? Loser. #2012 #rwnj"
I'm not encouraging laying off anyone, but laying off 15 and increasing everyone else's pay by $14k is huge..
Our Hawks won ,now its time for our Braves to do the same.
SECRET LFIE AND KARDASIONS WERE BOTH SO GOD!!!!! SCHOOL TOMORROW 8TH GRADERS RULLIN THE SCHOOL HELL YA
The ScholarCHIP deadline for children of incarcerated parents has been extended to Mar 15! Spread the word to DC youth!
thanks for the heads up, much appreciated!
Thank you for the follow!
is the hottest, sexiest dancer during Alejandro on the Born This Way Ball!
Rounds three and four today...#eyeofthetiger on repeat
please I'm a golden CARROT
Westie hooked it up,
how did you cut your tongue rofl.
RT #SOTU: when tax policy hurts families trying to make ends meet, "that's not right" #EITC keeps families afloat
Just finished the first rough draft of my NCAA bracket. Have 2 1's and 2 2's getting to Final Four
so twitter upgraded huh
Love the hawker who calls out "kettle corn" in a very high pitched voice. It DOES cut through the din and get your attention (cc )
OK up, breakfast, Italian with Rosetta Stone, (ugh!) and Mahler - Strauss & Strauss - Mahler.. once again HELP!! NOT HAPPY!!
Text Me RT : need to come over
”) so how your night turning out!?
Hoping for success is not enough
Who taught me to never let haters or anyone get to me. <3 <3 thankyou!! #SGTC //
Way to start out summer 2012? Getting picked up at Applebees with
I want to eat my lunch now. Now, at 7 a.m.
our band could definitely be the cast on king of the hill
Definitely some #muscle on that bad boy, Jamie. Maybe they'll scale it back for a #RedSox edition.
I know. But the sacrifice will be worth it!!! 
Im bouta gone get up
Why did Lumen ditch out on my man? Get her back in there. Deb is a fucking miracle
im gonna get my 26 year old brother 2 be a #belieber after watching the movie with me i have gotten alot of people 2 b a fan<3
Check out Strongwater's new song "Reality is Overrated"!
Grind Smarter....
girl you're in the wrong latitude. Delaware is all sorts of sunny and almost 80°.
I Have Had The Worst Spring Break So Far!!! :/
No one wants to tweet me? Oh okay.
Thanks to everyone who joined us at the Celebration of the Arts Luncheon!
#packers travel to seattle september 24th. flynn or russell?
Looking for a full time IT/Software Dev Job? Give me a shout! 312-616-7974 ....Id love to help ya out! =)
S/O TeamNORRRRTHHHHHH
Playin till I get my gold gun
RT : You don't need anybody that doesn't need you. Focus on those who truly appreciate you and get rid of those who don't.
Just got gas for $3.75
deal! Thanks :)
MET A NICE NEIGHBOR EARLIER TODAY VN LADY..
You know, you COULD bake me one of YOUR delicious meals. Alone, I am forced to eat raisins. ;)
Want some coke? Have some weed.
check out some of our disney videos and music videos we hope to post up soon
Question then emerges- how much does anatomical structure (our hands) inform typing layouts versus a language difference?
Ok let's trend
Thank you!
haha I'll make sure to take my time! xD
Waiting for white smoke over Fenway
noooppppppe not at all:)
#OOMF I won't ever talk to again
Think of the happiest things. It's the same as having wings. -Peter Pan
haha ill get him to follow you to (:
okay well slipknot is scary I can agree but bmth/other bands are amazing<3 omg. :3 so good.
Thank you Ferdinand for giving us lifelong #Porsche dreamers the greatest driving machine ever, in the history of the world. RIP my friend.
That was some retarded judging. I'm at a loss.
Will have to try it soon. There's been a proliferations of Asian on Anderson kicked off by Madam Mam's
heyy :) what's up?
Having to change my plan in last minute because someone else's flakery is retarded.. sigh..
our garden is growing squashes like mad! might have to start bundling complimentary squash with each wig purchase.
the sky looks like someone pissed off Voldemort. love it.
ah dang i missed it
weather.com is reporting a forecast of 89 for Sun. Anything less than 100 is good by me!
Don't talk about it, be about it.
No worries he just pulled it off. Scary foul ball though.
Thanks for following me. I'm looking forward to reading your updates. Adam
wazzza !(: can't wait for cover :D any hits of the song he's doing?
In the doctors office now!
So the rental car is struggling going up a steep incline and a dude on a motorcycle passes me texting.
know them haters never phase me. That's not how my mama raised me. :D
Softball started today. I threw up.
is killing it on stage right now... A+
Uh oh y'all fina see the twitter Demon
Have not twitted for 11 days-think its a record! But almost done with my first week back officially working at Elfriede's Fine Fabrics!
follow me madison please
will send something tmrw! Thanks!
More than 4 million iPhone 4S units sold in the first 3 days of it's release. How easy is it for Siri to find you ?
People get on my fucking nerves!!!!
Good managers know how to delegate. Great managers know how to roll up their sleeves and work next to you in the trenches.
Aww looks so cute with her momy
So ready! “: We are having a party for Flat Out in Miami, Atlanta, NY and Columbus. Miami first. Invites going out soon.”
Downtown store happy hour 4-8 pm Thursday & Friday $1 off wine pours, $1 off domestic bottles, $2 off drafts. It's on your way home!
HELL YEA !
I am going out and getting some challah now! You made me hungry. Good site by the way.
We won't say the name yet but our guest artist is pretty grand. Here's a hint, the name starts and ends with "S".
For sure will!
I will praise You, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. - Psalm 139:14
Spring fever has no respect for my to-do list.
You can fit 124,488 M&Ms in a standard Dorm Room Movers box
Hi, Maria. Thank you for joining us.
i don't even care that #ibanez looks like voldemort....he's a beast
we topped out at 6" before it started to melt fast. Guess we'll see what over night brings... eek!
New stack of books to read. New legal pad. New-ish pen that I picked up somewhere. New nonfiction picture book project!
you're awesome buddy!
14 oz NY strip. Morning run should be interesting. Hoping I don't get locked out again while the gingerbread man attacks.
I'll keep u posted via twitter peace.
losses are a good thing. because you realize what a strong person you TRUELY ARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!YOU mourn the loved ones....you'll never forget
Follow me! is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating!;)
A break up is like a broken mirror. It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself to fix it.
Aww! I hope your grand parents are okay. God Bless. <3
Do you think Andy's lawyer will call for Mariano to finish up Andy's testimony?
kinda wanna go I a strip club tho. . wonder if I can change his mind? 😏
I hate when my computer doesn't cooperate
Working for uncle Sam tonight another Friday OT griping this shit.i'll be on broadway n134st f--king up the traffic. GO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
I hereby offer my drafting services to both of you. You won't be sorry. Ask Mike about his team from last week.
Thank you Electric Touch for the great concert last night !
Wish us luck on making it to "Cupcake Wars" and let us know how you like the video.
Welcome to Seattle,. I know you will have a wonderful time here in all this beauty.
I thought and said nothing but the most devious, dishonest, and evil spirited things when I was younger.
have not had a chance to check it yet. The kids r keeping me hopping. Lol.. will go check it now.
When are they gonna show SECs on tv ? ...
oh ok I just was checking lol
what up? i hit u back yesterday, the last joint you sent was stupid!!! dope stuff man!!
She is such a health food nut, she thinks a grape is wine in pill form.
Hi ! Best of luck this season & be sure to let us know when ur in #Miami. We'll be tuning in
Really Really cold
A few interview slots are open. Join me tonight at the Beavercreek Barnes & Noble to discuss your college plans and Winthrop University
March madness isn't basketball. Its insane intensity at work! All good, but tiring!
Closed LONG $NZDUSD for +40 pips profit; 0% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 60% SHORT
Is Gavin DeGraw Surprised He Made It This Far On &#39;Dancing With The Stars&#39;?
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have."-Thomas Jefferson <-- so true! the more you put in, the more you get out!
I gave my honest appraisal as you'll see The article was good, the video not so much. Who did it? Thanks for asking!
KARAOKE starting early tonight at
I am taking notes. They are just absolutely structurally sound. Its amazing.
Half these people that chill on 3rd between Pike and Pine don't even try to pretend there not just there to move drugs
Lemme guess: becomes head of kneecapping dept....
Dear mother, no matter what i'm getting out of this house after this summer and moving to Eugene. Sincerely, your daughter.
hope derrick can get back ....kinda worried. That's a nagging painful thing, the old groin. Its such a grind right now for
I got to wear a bikini, snowboard & drink booze for free...
Seeing #DarkShadows right now!:)
Glad you love the #organic produce! Let us know what delicious dishes you make with them :)
when are you coming to florida??? Peace,love, vanity(:
RT : Love Bay Area reusability culture: to get truck to borrow free tools from and rent power...
for sure. What are you doing tommorow night though?
These niggas got designs on the back of they jeans...
Hash bash
I keep dosin off in front of dis computer... Druelin on my keyboard. Lol!
same thing u do every Monday be brilliant and awesome
Awee, my baby bought his first phone. Now I can call him whenever I want and bug the hell outta him. Haha, love you babe. (:
Someone send me a copy of The Beckham Experiment.
Los Angeles i am yours from June 16th to June 21st - lets play folks
...unless you suck...
"ROMNEY 'STILL DECIDING WHAT POSITION ON IMMIGRATION IS'" #huffpost He'll wait till the campaign hits L.A.!
lol been the same way. Taxes finally monday but have been putting them off in favor of film stuff for 2 mths. And I get $ back!
HAMLET!!!!! yes! jude law, break a leg.
move?? As in Manual Labor??
Make it quick! Lol RT What's the secret to walking a small dog in weather like this?
Sorry about all those moose in your hospitals! RT : Anchorage represent! Hi5,
I know it says we need sleep.. but the way I been sleepin Damn its gotta be bad for me
book 3 is amazing. Covers so many questions.
Thanks! RT " It's actually next week, 4/21, but thanks for the enthusiasm! #RSD12"
Been sitting in front if that screen many times myself
another test of twitter app
Mult choice section of unit test ... retakes Mon-Thurs before and after school this week.
“The young man knows the rules, the old man knows the exceptions.” - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Jammin' in the studio tonight with My Lost Remedy and
Can't wait for tonight! and ....need some definite girl/wine/Jersey Shore time! :)
I enjoy having a match-lit oven because I feel like I live in the Old West. I also don't inoculate myself from diseases!
That happened when I went to a concert there last year. The whole place got flooded :(
girl me too! He's so awkward lmao
Thanks Starhawk Team!
Laura Morris
Makes me sad that barcamp and startup weekend gov are the same weekend.
doesn't matter to the guy. lol
hahah man it sucks we were all scattered for the game yesterday. we all need to be in a place free of laker 'fans'
RT Trampoline with my lovee and mike (:
RT : Currently at GA at #occupyburque with about 45-50 people. Need more peaceful concerned citizens here asap.
Just got really great news. I hope I can go :D
do you have a brick and mortar location? If not, any plans for one? Many antiques dealers could learn from your photos
no more beer bongs coca bombs with me
The architecture/urban planning/urban design geek in me would love to live in Chicago some day.
Hey, I don't know if you all know this yet or not but the clickers still aren't working...
I was in New York! OMG! My vaca was very cool and I'm happy! I miss for my Los Angeles #love On LAX airport!
Driving music today...
Best way to not get referrals = don’t ask for them. Ask & you will receive if you have been valuable. SeanLetwat
lol! Yeah she broung cheese cake... That's my weakness.... LOL!
Buckle up :) RT : Just started reading "Sun Stand Still" and I'm already blown away and I'm only on pg 7. *straps on seat belt*
GREAT debrief! Was thinking of all #epictweetup rockstars Sat. 's b-day proved this group is a great time! :)
4 a.m. not too late either?
Haha. Funny! RT I front loaded my week with awesome.
We enjoy ALL opportunities (inc. over social media) to engage with Bruins re: how philanthropy strengthens UCLA
If u have a smartphone, download Goodreads app: great for when ur @ library/bookstore & trying to recall what u want to read
you tell them girl bloody hell, they have a huge chance to jump up to 4th with tot. Draw. I can't believe this play.
“: It used to be, "Can I have your number"? Now it's, "Do you have facebook?".” do you facebook?
absolutely! I was in a dress in Hollywood yesterday, enjoying the sun and got to Venice half hour later to FREEZING cold
I can smell the earth a little bit this morning, and the earth smells good. Looks like hell, but smells pretty good.
Yankees make History #twins v
yeah true. i'll see who ill be hanging round with now.
i have a huge lack of baseball and US history knowledge, i think that'd be my huge pitfall. and i hate poetry.
It is time.
#marchmadness if I wanted to watch a bunch of sweaty guys put their balls in holes I would watch a porn
It's open to everybody, members and newcomers, so register over there and spread the word!
Avoid damaging and eroding water stains. Great idea to wash & detail your car after the rain. Call for our rainy day specials (619) 928-4848
21 more days till i have my baby boy...
when do the final 2012 s&s lists get announced/published?
with the bestfriend. <3 river later.
Sometimes I just love nyc so much, I'm one of its children and it takes care of me when it can
Only 3 and a half days of school this week , I can do this .
Never look at your man's girl
FINALLY scored voodoo maple bacon doughnut at #andersonville wines. Can't wait to try!
live and let live!
Trying to explain what a vocal performance major does to a hairstylist is consistently one of the most difficult social interactions
your so welcome & same to you as well :D
New Arizona Tote Board Total = $104,953
definitely getting more Yes answers than I thought
my sister made baby pictures of the boys her cover photo on facebook... why am i related to her.... ew.
RT is proud to sponsor Manchester Mondays ! Every Monday you can hear a great mix of Britpop & indie rock!
If you asked me to guess what perfume the lady next to me is wearing, I think I'd have to say every one she owns.
S/O to You are my Bestfriend & wifey<3 We've had some good times Shaniqua(; iloveyou & Saturday will be out 2 Months #proud<3
I hear a rumor there is another Food Truck in another location on campus...10pts if you find it and let me know where it is!
Women say that it's nice when a dude knows how to take care of a woman. Dudes like when a woman know how to treat a man.
About to go to the Hard Rock Cafe.
Combo concert in Ford Hall starts at 8:30!
Tina wants to know- did you check for bedbugs?
Batteries fully recharged!!!! Thankyou God for another day..
RT "Life is not about finding yourself, it is about creating yourself." George Bernard Shaw
Making up with my lover (my man) takes everything I got inside of me
Great to hear and meet Rene Redzepi, David Chang and at NY library
Ok fine...But I do wanna go camping soon
sorry, misunderstood. Thought you had 11" MBAir
what did they do this time? :-(
Hello Ron! I just DM you via LinkedIn, I hope you can check it out. thx! :) Fly high my new friend!
can't be worse than mine!! :)
Guess the game started....
well you're the only one!
GM Twitter !
Protest... RT : Wow - is considering going dark to protest #SOPA and #PIPA - bit.ly/wSanr5
The CLE do the best! They were innovative with their #SocialSuite & continue to be front runners in social!
Jake is always listening to
Thank you!
Loves me today, hates me tomorrow, kisses me today, but wont touch me tomorrow! Calls me today, but wont answer my calls tomorrow!
UK making a statement to the rest of the nation!
Back! :D
How are rehearsals for Romeo and Juliet coming along?
so sad. They really shouldn't mess with stone cold classics like Frosty. ;)
A great teacher is not one who is perfect, but one who is willing to reflect, search for growth, and open to improve always.
depends on how hard they hit you.
Beach Boys kill it!!! Gotta love those vocals Go Brian
Nice maria!
I don't think anything that comes out of Mitt's mouth is shocking or astounding. Predictable is a better word.
hey is your fall line ready online yet?
My #bears bringing the ugly RT Meanwhile, Buff Nation is loud and proud here. And the Highlighters have arrived.
All being commanded by a giant catfish-looking thing. Come to think of it - Murdoch looks a bit like Emperor Palpatine, no?
Game day
Seeing on my Twitter feed that's it's your b-day so, I figured I'd join in and wish you a Happy Birthday too! Be blessed!
Will be talking about this more tomorrow on Talk of the Nation. Pls call -- would love your input!
I'm gon get money. Money I'm gon get.
in all actuality its envy. They wish they had what you have. That's what drives haters. Keep doing you my guy.
haha! Just one sangria!:):)
What do you think is the best part about being a mascot?
get Cameron to make it!
RT : RT : BREAKING: California pot smokers forget to vote, Prop 19 fails.
Mexican Grandmas cooking.>>>
Took my G-ma some place in east lib... I just keep seein these kids walk in with plastic helmets on
If I was ever 2 get a tattoo I was going 2 get Libra scales. Glad I didn't now, but I still don't care what they say, I'm a #Libra at heart!
big time photo shoot??
Bummer. RT : At this time a 5/7 launch is unlikely. We will issue a statement as soon as a new launch target is set.
Did you check this week's LZ Distractions?
I've have forgiven you , but I will not pity you.
I would look really cute the day it's raining. :/
Thank you sir. ": I will miss you and Safe travels."
Second Coney trip in less than 12 hours and third in less than 24... #addicted?
What's Going Carzy?
you're certainly a charmer. you should try for a job here in Philly ;)
#ShoutOut Hope everyone is enjoying their day to the fullest !
I can't believe its 7 days to !
Yeah, that game was officiated poorly, but how many other times have Celts gotten calls? Pierce getting touched & acting like he was shot?
do you offer seamless tape hair extensions? We offer free classes! and 10% off your order when you mention twitter!
Potential winter storm still on its way to southern WI come Monday and Monday night - 6"+ poss. Track crucial to snowfall amounts.
dig dig dig dig
"NBC Breaking News: Michigan Still Too Close To Call." Breaking news shouldn't have "still" in it, should it?
RT : My friend's son is on Good Day about to perform in an Apollo amateur night contest! VOTE FOR Jonathan Levant on gooddayny.com
I still love you to death. Even if I've talked to other guys it doesn't change a thing and how I feel about you <3
I don't know who created the myth that once you apply for a job you are automatically ENTITLED to a phone call/interview. Stop it now.
YES I HAVE QUESTIONES!!!!
Yes, and I can also blame Twitter for anyone who asks why I unfollowed them. Not that I ever happens (mostly)
follow back
Any STRANGE MUSIC fans? Who need Kutt Calhoun tix?
OH SHIT! Ume is opening that show for Helmet & The Toadies! SUPER AMPED!
Bitter Sweet Symphony is one of my favorite songs.. excellent #TheVoice perfect song for a perfect night.
Great tip! Try adding in a little exercise before a meal. Even just a 10-minute walk can help decrease your appetite.
whoa he IS awesome!!
me too! Cool or Creepy?
That awkward moment when you have more songs in your iPod, then friends on Facebook ._.
Thank You For All The Joy You Brought Into My Life <3
Worth a read: How Private Equity Firms Like Bain Capital Earn Profits (from The New Yorker):
Just watching tv
My wife says you look like I did when I was young. Hey you won't age bad!
Working on a new painting! Yeah!
Leaving Methodist Hospital....my mom was happy to see us.
Dexter = Holy Shit.
TimeWise® Replenishing Serum+C: Collagen-boosting facials at skin care spas can be budget busters. DIY w/4 weeks of treatment!
I want a guy like LOL, nah I want
LOL the web pages I build for my job are fairly boring! LOL but detail information for members....that NO ONE READS lol
Angelique, thanks for following me!
ohh hell yeah hell yeah
yes and miss you! Hope all is well. Where are you crossfitting?
Tonight, 11ish, 2690 Wight St., Detroit River(town).
According to an INS memo, “the date on which an immigrant visa number becomes available” is the first day of the month that a visa becomes
#savageU is my favorite show. thanks so much dan :D
u know we are :) haha
Oh my gosh! you better! I can do the same as well sexy lady!
CONTEST ALERT! is giving away 10 books from our Intro to Chinese Culture series *retweet their contest announcement to win!*
Project x
"Louis' high notes gave me chills!! No homo..." -Me & Brian talking about Moments <3 fucking love him.~
I'll come down tomorrow for more tips - only got as far as twitter tonight
Nice job on your #15 rank on Wine Spectator's Top 100 list! I might have to have a bottle...just to make sure they got it right.
looking good in that frog costume
O no .. #fakeTheGame RT Watching Let's Stay Together ☺ I like this show..its cool. ☑
Definitely man!!! Got a lot in progress right now. LoL
at mcdonalds. i adore chicken sandwiches. :D
young. and you dont go to mill creek?
its just embarrassing when my parents walk in Their like who the f*** are u talkin 2 Lmfao as I turn bright red
I only say that cuz your status change all the time lol. I'm sure y'all ain't that bad
no dr Pepper today lol
Annual Auction this Friday!
sounds like fun (and few people can say that without any sarcasm)
RT: : I hope i dont get sick :/
I see that.
It's my favorite holiday of the year today. Mother !@#$ #OnDeck!
ewww so commercial! That is a bummer if Curly's closes in my humble opinion ;)
I had a horrible day today..wanna make it 100x better by tweeting or following me.?
I've honestly never heard 1D sing...But like everyones obsessed with them on my twitter..What happened to the mahomies? There all I followed
Earth Day and breakfast celebrated at and a nice walk home in the rain.
Confident by nature but humble by choice.
Happy Australia Day!!!!!!
i use it as a marker to check out later. Or, if I like an article or list it's like a bookmark.
usually good crowds and entertainment too. Big Congrats !
yay of Throne:P..I've never bothered to watch Madmen but it looks good for what it is.
In the studio with ! Tracking a song for their new record!
Thurs April 12 my artwork will be featured in a Holocaust Remembrance event. Palladium Theater, St Pete. Very grateful.
Now that's just mean!
it was weird dude..lol..
Put God first and you'll never be last.
king of limbs? my favorite!
Please tell me this illini alert is a mistake & there is no shooter on uiuc campus?! "Active shooter at BUILDING NAME/INTERSECTION."
dude has a recycling halo
It's not the absence of fear, it's the decisions we make when we show up to it that makes all the difference.
I am blaming access to birth control.
Happy New Year!!! 2012 is going to be an Amazing Year!
It was a total team effort :) Thanks for making it happen!
see u got skill mommy
back on-line after doing a post mortem on my mac and finding it still breathes
Does signing MSW make resigning Clayton less likely?
#QuoteDay 2. I've been ina rut back & forth enough heart like a wheel without you around so uncomfortable is how it feels -miley cyrus e
Seeking a #projectmanager for a #ICD10 conversion project located in Albuquerque, NM. Let me know if your interested!
will you follow me i love you :)
My #USATODAY #KindnessChallenge is to help teach NYC public school students chess and life skills.
looking at prom dresses, going prom dress shopping tomorrow!
Every Monday night open 9:pm kitchen open till 12:am
If u like music retweet
Uh Chris Perez, aka Kenny Powers, could NOT throw a strike. Why are you swinging 2-0?
Wow. I really really hope for your sake that that's a fake picture on your Twitter.
Its my way or no way when it comes to marriage
np. Let me know if you guys need anything or if u have any topic u want to touch on tonight.
those messages you never want to erase
"You have to walk an inch before you can walk a mile"
Yes for sure . I just retweeted examples of minimalist photography . Retweeting is like painting one big portrait of our world
Getting in the shower and scrubbing and scrubbing until I fucking sparkle.
shut up! I'm mad at you because you couldn't drop Jessica off.. and you were going out anyways. Suck it.
How long shall that soul be tossed upon the waves before it comes to the sea which knows no storm?
Tualatin mom accused of drowning her son and trying to drown her daughter. She's in court tomorrow. The daughter is improving. So sad.
We've temporarily disabled editing for the Musicians Business Dictionary for security purposes. We hope to reenable this again soon.
awww, if its leg cramps, you need potassium. Bananas are a good source. I hear pickle juice helps too.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! i hope you have the best day blair <333
Which experience did you find MOST eye-opening while you were shooting 30 Days?
What if walked into my latin class and ran away with me that would be grand
I'm a PR professional looking for a new job and am willing to relocate.
Oh, right, I guess I should say my thoughts on THE AVENGERS. It was big. Big, big, big
We can pour our PBR in a plastic cup and walk to the beach?!?
PCB tomorrow FINALLY!! I've been needing this.
HINES WARD WINS DWTS!!!! SO PROUD TO BE PART OF THE STEELER NATION. #black&yellow
a young buck with an old soul. How old are you then Mr!?
oh really, you left me T-Bob Herbert from Baylor....
Just shut up Macie...
THEY ALWAYS SEEM TO NOTICE!
That's not very Christian-like:)
RT Meet the New Boss, Same as the Old Boss | Wine Blog Awards being revamped?
Other revelation: Rochberg Sonata for my competitions/Junior Recitel is FUCKING HARD
Dude! You are working pro bono. No need to rush. Just keeping you in the know Many thanks my friend!
Tonight's my first official night of tutoring at ! Wish me luck! I'm really nervous! :-/
oh my... is the guest tonight... it is SURE to be a thought-provoking conversation. Replay MUST! :)
I know! I need to practice.
that's what candy and alcohol is for
do it! If you need a DeLorean there is one parked inside of wormhole on Milwaukee.
We're loving all the Hollywood excitement outside today! Come bowl a few games, you might see some A-list celebrities while you're at it!
What, no Bukowski? I can lend you some. :D Also, NERD. :P
It Wasnt All That
this is overrated
So Raven Symone just came out of the closet. WTF!
New post coming soon about a low-effort approach to digital estate planning. Should be helpful.
let's trade dogs. :0)
This Saturday Avalon Park!!!!! The Florida Flight Basket Ball Team will be there. Come out for fun, games, and good music!!!! Lets Go!!!!!
When I was younger I use to think Reno 911 was real like Cops I dont know why because the show is pure fuckery lol
want to get married? Haha
#waystoimpressme quote the lord of the rings.
If anyone wants to chat HMU!
I think we should start calling the Google glasses Google Goggles so when they say the name out loud they sound like a baby! Haha
so desperate for that kind of kick-ass motivation. How to find someone willing to scream and get in my face?
Hey all - Scott David from Criminal Minds will be at The Mentor Studio January 7th at 9:30 am. Reserve your space now!
It is well to be happy and wise and well to be honest and true; it is well to be off with the old love, before you are on with the new.
Feeling a bit anti-impressionist? Bill McGlaughlin delves into Les Six this week on #ExploringMusic. It starts tonight at 10 on WQED-FM
You two are super amazing.
Rest in peace my Usher!
Not ready for this Algebra EOC tomorrow. So frikken nervous.
Question of the Day: All the Lebron talk makes me wonder, what is the best and worst closing scenes in movie history?
It's not "Siddhartha," but staring into the Mississippi River 'round midnight is a sort of otherworldly experience.
35. #Mets 3 #Brewers 1 | Long trip to New York / Perhaps the travel begets / some sleepy offense.
A1: Instead of worrying that a company can easily replace you, implement the PVI model so you become irreplaceable.
That was the G rated version!
too many good ones to choose!!
Thank u Lynda! RSD is is a chronic progressive neurological condition that affects skin, muscles, joints, and bones. It can
i'm gonna be a d.j., man. and a lumberjack.
"A wicked person listens to deceitful lips; a liar pays attention to a destructive tongue."-Proverbs 17:4
thought i'd let you two know i'm already on chapter two! thank u :)
Come by and see us after the game tonight at oktoberfest
#DidYouKnow that B2B companies with an active blog get, on average, 67% more leads per month
Getting ready for the Shwazye Concert if u want TIX hit me up (602)882-0317 I am hooking it up for $15 instead of $20...
spicy tofu soup all in my brain.
A happy March 1st #packernation! Spring can't come soon enough.
The difference is that Japanese wear fake English on shirts but don't tattoo it on the back of their necks.
scream is fantastic!!
Follow me on Facebook: www.facebook.com/stephensamuelsantoro
i'm on my way to VA for tomorrow night
Just sent a SEVENTH request email. It's kind of hard to do your job when you have to rely on other people.
downloading hella of music ... and now about to start downloading movies
clearly...it walked (spooky music)
when is surgery?
congrats on your new gig!
Hm... I just lost 1/2 hour of precious sleep waiting for the #Broncos 1st round pick... Good night now!
Red pumps success!
Sat down and had a great dessert with Karen at Petals today. :) Always a great time.
I'm listening to life jennings talk about his prison stories (on my left) and looking at Mr. Rogers (to my 11 o'clock) lol
...the challenges of the medium in a very straightforward manner. Even if you skim the article, don't miss out on the concluding paragraph.
"nobody is talking to you, jeans from 80's"
It is a glorious thing to have 1,111 tweets, but one must move on.
Sick of bullshit and being taken advantage at jobs. Things will change soon.
I'll look at office tomorrow and see if I have anything relating to attentional benefits.Have u tried therapeutic listening?
Hi Bill, got your DM, the URL sent is no longer available. Did you send it? Thx!
About to head to the coastal city of Valparaíso with and to celebrate Fiestas Patrias!!
is calling his fans tonight. Hey Now! I raise a glass to the best comedy show of all time.
Now that the viewing pavilion has be restored, the tomb has a more haunting atmosphere. You understand that's a place for remembrance.
love you too beck!
D: I hate mondays with a passion !
Silly me, silly me...
Why yes, thank you, I'd like to approve the requests. So why won't you let me, dear Friendfeed!?!
Here we go again
Please #SAVETHESINGOFF! It is the greatest Vocal Music show on television. It entertains and inspires Millions! RT TO SUPPORT!
I expected the Bulls to fight tough but to be up by 12 in late 2nd? Well hot damn!
damn lol you live in Orlando ?! And twitter is worldwide tf jaha
Sad to see young lives lost to high-speed thrills. The latest on the terrible crash on the 52 that left two teens dead. News8
Enjoying the view.... Lol!
Good lord Thiago Splitter just air balled 2 free throws.
i c. going in
I wish I had popcorn so I could have a movie night with myself.
Glad the weekend is here! The plan is to shop for Christmas, watch football, and play poker online.
How do you get people to run through a brick wall for you?<---That's easy...put bacon on the other side
So this dude eddie shaffer, looks fucking #awesome rite now.
YAY good luck!! =)
2 auditions this week so far! It feels good to be back.
being broke gives me more hunger .
7 miles on a 7:50 pace to start my day. Wednesday, bring it on!
There are few things in life as satisfying as putting on a new, stronger pair of glasses and seeing the world just a little more clearly
Heard you're learning about sports! Me too!
it was good
heck yea girl! Early bed time for the kiddo! Lol
It's national Cheese Ball Day. Celebrate with orange-dusted fingers
thank you :D
Since it's pretty impossible to deny, I thought I'd just lay it out there. We writers are a bit of a crazy bunch!
For a professional, Dr. Oz sure uses the phrase "down there" while winking far too often.....
waitin for my family tonight
RT : Come and see what our God has done, what awesome miracles he performs for people! Psalm 66:5
HUD: stands for Department of Housing and Urban Development? a. True b. False
Thanks for your help
Sounds like somebody needs a hug (or not).
Your welcome. Don't you miss living in East County?
Ready for football season? "Feel The Vibration....Come On Come On......Feel It, Feel It" Haha what a funny but catchy song.
Anyone else in #Vegas getting multiple calls from Brent Jones? Anyone have HIS number? I'd like to call him back at 3AM...
Jgip_12 nah idts. His dad came back home early. If we could find somewhere else yeah
you're catching on to this tweeter thing! Somebody dropped J-Roll in one of my leagues... Should I pick him up?
I wanted everything to stay the same, but feelings fade & people change.
June not July lol
Are you going to Starkville this weekend?
everyone knows you can't listen to christmas music before thanksgiving.
To me, he's the Al Bundy of horror... forever coasting through a terrible career on his four touchdowns in a single game.
I just weaned my youngest. I had to rock him or offer cow milk. Now he sleeps through night that I've weaned
Bored !!! don't know eat to do
Panther dash tonight, much needed time with my friendss :))) then three stooges movie with the fam!
I don't know wht I'm gunna do tonight hmm thinkin movie night n popcorn on my couch with myself
Headed back to the Chi!
But that it was a great beginning to get people to know what does and the Goddess Life are all about!
#IHateHow niggas/women who's parents do everything for them talk about how hard shit is out here.
Question: Should I try the reverse manicure? I just saw it (as I was looking at the peacock) and I really LIKE it!! Your opinion?
you the man T- brew city loves ya!
Do you want new clients to your business or you are looking to grow an existing business?
Double that! YES!
MY AVI IS WHAT'S POPPIN FOR MAMAS DAY! KLUSOZ SHOWCASE SUNDAY R & B EDITION! MIKE GREEN, STACY NEVAEH, B SHARPE, MARCUS CALLOWAY, NIC DANTE
what $ for autograph my 10 year old is big fan hope see ya in Corbin
oh ok. Who killed there wife n baby
Recording my first ISDN interview. O Boy! We live and learn.
not till you recommended it; very cool
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':3
I wish you would pay attention to my tweets < l 3
I find great irony in corporate pre-roll ads on all the May Day Occupy Seattle protest videos.
nope guess again.
Lets go birds.
be careful who you call your friends. I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies
I feel so annoyed about my friends...Stupid obsessions!
And I'm just being polite...rather than crude and disrespectful. xo
About to shower with high music & I ain't giving no fuck !.
so glad to be part of the honor scroll!
Thing I don't care about anymore:
Omg I am so happy :) I finished my poetry project! Ahh :) and this weekend is going to be soo much fun! #accomplished!
Ten followers! Bam! Congrats
Girl falls for boy, boy keeps her around, girl dumps boy and then boy is left 💔, wanting her back. #StoryOfMyLife When will it change?
thanks. Im watching tv too. #distractions. I had like a 5hr nap so I'm wide awake now
Johnny fucking Evans?“: Finally, finally - our most improved player of the season has his first goal for us”
Hi Doug and Laura! Hope you are doing well :) This is my latest blog :) Send your press releases my way :)
I'm telling you, Pacers love to shoot themselves in the foot.
Locker room chats with mrs Blankenship > >>> #missher :(
You got a twitter?!
My mother is the same way.
Sad I'll be missing at tonight. But if you're going, stop by afterwards for some great local music!
- go for it! We might see your barnful on American Pickers in a few year's time.
I'm kind of excited to have a last sit down with everyone! Aleays expect the unexpected! #JOJ Reunion
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.-- Kahlil Gibran
I would love to do that!!! Just let me know what I need to do!! ;-)
Well I can't have that.
Reading Fannon's #wretchedoftheearth... why is this not required reading for everyone?
*clinks glass*
Rolling power outages. Just great.
I pretty much always would trust Johnson over Garcon, especially in PPR, and the redskin secondary is beatable
not quite what I was expecting to see a pic of, but I love that shirt! I think I need to find one for myself.
Grocery shopping with my monkey later. Snacks for our weekend<3 (^.^)
hey just checkin on ya. Hope everythings good. :)
Catch jack hanna and his animal troupe on 10TV this morning - also -let us know...would you like to see more red light cameras in C-bus?
Thanks, Carl! Emailed you the 2 images.
With iPads for both? I like it. Count me in if you need library support.
When Drag and Modern Dance Collide - New Yorker (blog)
6 circles will always perfectly surround, with their edges touching, another circle of that same size. Try this with 7 coins
If a parade is boring, run in the opposite direction. You will fast-foward the parade.
Fans have been awaiting your returns for weeks. This is gonna be the and show this weekend w/ 150+ yds and 2+ TD's!
3 or 4 beers will change that.
"You don’t love someone for their looks, their clothes, or their fancy car. You love them because they make you happy"
Earl, Dave, Smitty just linkedup with Sebastion Junger and crew from "Restrepo." Going to to knock back a few //
not sure if its official, but its been said it was his cancer.
lol so much animosity....calm down haha
We love it too! :) RT I love it!! RT : Jugo de Tampico , the red one >>
#DamnDMX got too many kids and a bottle of Hennessy, shouldn't have
thank youu! I'll need it!
lol I feel ya. RT : I need a concert, pronto. I'm ready to die.
Anybody who thinks the hymns have no place in our worship today is mistaken. "Be Thou My Vision" grabbed me tonight. Powerful powerful song
Indy tomorrow. Who else is going to be there?
Channing Tatum is sitting at the table next to us. Lance might have a heart attack.
Get my ass up
At sipping Boom Boom Chai and chatting, recalling that "Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea."
Thanks for the Thrive RT!!!!
23 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
RT : RT : I hate it when people DM me, but don't follow me, and thus I can't respond.
I walked 2 miles in the barrio... One house blasting mariachi, truck backing up with llorando so fue--the weird beep beep one, the taco guys
aww ok...so is that where u live
Check out www.myfamilyroundtable.com to hear the latest program, stay tuned this weekend when we interview Scott Hamilton.
"An Oversimplification of Her Beauty" - Wonderful film!! We are TRULY inspired
I've always considered myself more of an arbiter of smell.
we good lalacece
We swim cuz is like 80 degrees or somethingg
that was a tough loss....to many early turnovers....
You were fake, I was great. Nothing personal.
Meet Emily from and the crew from at Hedo Days Swing party. Message for details. Pig Roast, Live Band, photo booth!!
follow me please im italian:)
We'd love to do a reality show on !
dont know if u caught the bulls game but #BIGdisappointment for me!!
and - great meeting you guys and sharing dinner at Gluecon. Need gamification?
I'm getting a new office chair today for my home office! Can't wait to go shopping for it tonight!
good!!! You should and yes so busy love summer!!!!
how do we change our hours on the Downtown Pgh Partnership site?
whatever you do... make sure you get pickles with it!!!
Gayle's Miracles were on the Today Show this morning... thanks Lisa Lillian of Hungry Girl and the Cooking Channel!
Tired, but gotta keep on moving!!
Watching Final Four on TV and DC United on internet. Hope DC United has a better result than last week.
It seems like for your 1000th tweet, you should get some sort of badge or something. Or maybe an extra 10 characters.
Life and lying azz friends ....keep it moving please!
dnt start stuuf and expect the person u stated it not to finish it thts crazy for sayin stuuf ur gonna get stuff in return
Game 1: Dallas Mavericks or Portland Trail Blazers?
"Cause the boys n da hood are always hard.. come talking that trash will pull ya card."
(Confucius) The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
Right Bring 1D to Omaha Nebraska
Huge!!!!! Mega break
If you want to reach to a #Latam market and don't know how to, just think of creating a great video on #youtube or a banner on a #news site…
uh no YOUR mesh top is "aggressive."
congrats on your high school team #hamiltonhuskies going for a fourth straight state championship and 54 game streak!
your welcome :)
F-18 crashed into homes -- Virginia Beach. We got in on air in the last 4 minutes of show.
Holy Hell, we are slowing down. Don't give up! HUSTLERS LOVE ATL <3
Dinner with our C-suite tonight.
Watch Passion of the Christ.
that was bullying at its worst! If you don't give that sap the additional $200k you deserve nightmares. Ugly
Don't forget to remind your clients (and yourself), all California homes need to have a carbon monoxide detector as of July 1st.
you may have a point there
ANGEL 8.0 is generally available! www.blackboard.com/angel
Pretty Stoked!! Radio interview in 45 minutes!!! Heck yea!! You read right!
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry. That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste. ~ David Bissonnett
oh my goodness...your pic is EPIC!!! Good to see u on here bud ;)
ambition drops on my bday live
Congrats! RT : When I see my Mother again, I will tell her that I was elected Vice President of the STC. And she will be proud.
[8] ... & Pat Condell has produced hours of brilliant video to this end, but no one really thinks such defenses will be up to the challenge.
I want to take my baby to magic mountain...
Being hungover at work always seems like such a fine idea the night before
if he doesn't get through ill just cry
FOLLOW ME I NEED ATTENTION
l like school. But the learning part? Yeah, that's gotta go.
Welcome to twitter.
I think some of the people here in Golden Gate Park may be on the dope.
Lunch at Bar Bar, fed and ready for more information!
I'm sorry, but a lower price is not available.
i dont love her
Nice meeting you ,
An event 3 months in the making is finally upon us! See everyone tonight for the / crab feast/draft party!
The fans that are staying are making up for the hordes leaving.
Congrats on I ONLY HAVE EYES FOR YOU!
I can't wait until the Meet & Greet pictures go up on Austin's Facebook tomorrow!!!(:
aye ppl be goin in on twitter lmao #2 funny
M that's a delicious combo. A spicy kick to the tongue! Thanks for stopping by.
Thank you sir! Can I please see your face soon? How is my baby Bruiser?
I agree! I guess us West Coasters will have to wait. I am waiting for CA dates. Seattle too since I will be up there in July.
So many concerts so little time www.christianmusic.com/brumder.htm Great job getting all the bookings
Guys I seriously have about three friends at school that I'm comfortable talking to. Seriously.
tomorow is a freaking HOLIDAY! so why do i have to go to school?
Happy Daylight Savings Time! If you are heading to Balboa Park the Timken Museum of Art has free admission.
hmm 4 page paper due Thursday. I should probably start that
lmao ok cool :)
i haven't slept in two days because of making music im hallucinating its fine though this is what we do
Quotes from clients along the way - "You both are so gifted for the fitness industry and there needs to be more instructors like you"
It's humorous, don't hold back. Just another day for me haha
#GreekChat Q1: We must develop private, shared learning platforms to promote open communication & create harmony in the community
Just signed up for 2 classes, good stuff coming up.
It's crazy that just putting one song in a car commercial can make a band so big
thanks sis, it was a marvellously happy day :) and it continues...
Flurries in Alabama - not entirely unexpected, but still...
that sounds interesting :) I"ll look forward to it. Tux!
we see you in 2 weeks from today!!!!!
You are beautiful, we all are beautiful in our own way!!!
Grease my scalp so I know it's real !!!
Terribly sorry to hear of your loss.
I need a hug. A beer will have to do.
rub rub rub
Nothing better than hanging with Female Super-Fans! Count me in. Any big time games that weekend? Survival Sunday?
There Will Be Blood in my pants
- I think we both have the coolest jobs!
Good! And you?
#teamescaladetx is pumped about the INCREDIBLE charities participating! Vote & change a life, Share the word, & act to make a difference!
Locked myself out of my work email on Friday evening. Now my morning routine is destroyed.
Yes baby
Shout out to my EX...thank you for letting me see...how you didn't deserve me 😊
Yeah, but going back to Cleveland might be appealing? I dunno.
Nothing JUST happens!!!
thanks for the follow!! you are amazing
Face B?
Happy one day early anniversary to your completely-custom, uniquely-Albuquerque, open-air trolley!
STIX the CAT sez, "boo-hoo!! - sniff-sniff!!" - the GSA - check it out!
More PC, dude.
My day is smooth becauss I actually did some homework last night
Bonsallpalooza 2012, Pala Casino, May 5th - Benefit Concert to Fund Music & Art programs at Bonsall School District
Totally wanting to make some more vanilla bean cupcakes. So moist n fluffy!
No problem! Thanks.
Who else would enjoy this?! "Join at Disney World for our biggest conference of the year, Mashable Connect! #mashcon"
I just got stale bread from in Miramar. Isn't that ironic for a restaurant chain whose slogan is
After CP3, our series MVPs are Reggie Evans and Eric Bledsoe. I'll just leave that in your brain for a second...
FARO's #3DConference kicks off with intro by CEO Jay Freeland. Heavy on desire to be 'distruptive' in the 3D space, the Focus3D is proof.
"Don't believe the hype. If you're reading it on TechCrunch, it's too late." at
watching! Thanks!!!
Have a wonderful Tuesday!!!
nahh on my computer
ATTN: unsigned dancers,djs,singers join our #Team send us an email if you're TALENTED b/c "WE GOT work!"
I can tell from that bieber tweet tonight lol
Happy High Fest to all!
where the hoes bros?
Are there 25 more followers out there that find providing informative tweets for "healthy gut, healthy life"?
Playback being added to the #RED #EPIC in November? I sure hope so!
yay!! great movie! RT : Chronicle 2 is happening. Can't wait
Ford to build $760 million plant in China Ford, in a bid to catch up with GM and VW in the world's largest auto market, said it will buil
What, like we aren't going to realize that Berggren was at the scorer's table trying to check in?
I want Sims 3 so bad now "owo
being all rude n' shit , stupid . & my phone usually say I gotta tweet or someone retweeted me , my keyboard fuckin up to
day day bout to get followed moo
looking for #Austin band to start vitriolic and public feud/rivalry. could use publicity.
At Dick's Den listening to some pretty smooth tunes.
I haven't played Wii in soo long. I'm excited :D
RT : May God continue to protect our troops, keeping them safe and bring them home to a grateful nation.
***SPECIAL*** Get 1000 Targeted Twitter Followers for only $49.
19 kid's & counting? WTF u need to STOP counting!
Happy birthday I hope you get everything you wished for and more. I'll pray that you do :) <3
After 2 lessons and 4 hrs of practice, my arm feels ready to fall off, and it's only 1pm. Hm, what's left to work on...?
she's totally mine, too.
Nike gear too RT : Oregon's run to the BCS champ. game caused revenue to go from $59 million to $122.4 million in a year
