you got it!
Hey this Paulette (Mary Mac's Tea Room)
I like pickles. <3
Memories to ashes.
And they're pulling in social data. And they're letting you host meetings within SFDC. Yeah, those are some cool features.
Finally watching last weeks glee episode
Many injuries; the outfield has become a lonely place.
This week has been good, but I am definitely looking forward to the weekend! Does anyone have any good plans?
Tigers scored 40 runs in their first 6 games and just 34 runs in their last 11 games.
COUNTRY MUSIC!(: <3
Half the commercials are already online in extended form no less. The rest will be soon. No need to watch these days.
A true woman doesn't compete and cant be compared!
Ready to rock out with Manchester Orchestra, MCR and Blink-182!!
it's a drug called scopolamine ya fiends
I will keep you in mind when I'm looking to buy a new new one. I have a 2001 Honda I'm replacing my oldy with :-)
I want a beard like ZZ Top
#Chiefs Rookie Camp. Poe had a lot thrown at him today by Anthony Pleasant but if he keeps working and listening like he did today +++
Is it okay that I won't see the movie because John Carter isn't naked like in the book? I mean, they're leaving out the best part!
have you seen google today?
k that preview was kind of bullshit........like they're perfect but i was expecting like a full on filmed video and stuff.
You're welcome! Happy #FF!
it was the best play. Blake missed it. At least it wasn't an off balance hero shot that I guess people want to see.
Are we fixin to go back to the cars???
haha because i dont like school anymore and im just lazy...
hay girl hay “: #Leo women are beautiful. They put in work while other pretty bitches just lay there!”
Thank you and for the birthday tweets!!!
Speaking in pieces of a man, staring at a future in the creases of my hand.
matt just put down fresh vocals and fresh guitar using fresh gear. lush.......
definitely as much to blame. And while nobody was there, they did have to deal with the ball.
Less people are joining me at the bar for #dubstep Monday & playing Diablo instead -___- #getyourprioritiesstraight 🎶🎶✌
Weird rooting for the Redskins, being a Cowboy fan...but gotta bunch up the standings in the East. Helps having McNabb starting in league
no suicides today plZ and tnx
#billsmafia espn first take says we have a QB controversy tune in right NOW
it did...I don't know why it didn't show in my reply...wondering if it will appear in future episode? U r hilarious, btw!
I'd be rich if I could invent a pop-top beer can that wives can't hear open
Vander Blue is a scrub! #thatguysucks. Go MU. Marquette needs to stop this run
- think of it as WINNING at failing ;-)
Omg! Worried about my champaign friends! Everyone is tweeting about taking cover from tornadoes :x
Such a bummer re: Celtics winning tonight!! I was rooting for #Clippers all the way! Good game though & great crowd!
how was your day, did you cook for your Mum?
I will thank you
Ha, I'm excited to use that at work tomorrow.
Condensed from after-school study: "Young people benefit (from) structured pursuits that...contain challenging and engaging tasks."
Keeping my dear friend and her family in my prayers, her father passed away on Tuesday. I can't imagine. Life is so precious.
Marry me?
"Never give up on anybody."
After your life calms down, can I pick your brain on instructional design? Husband Chris is curious about it.
hahahahaha why do i keep saying Helena?! And yes you are beautiful(;
Please check out my new published Novel on Xlibris.com and Amazon.com Borders.com and Barns and Noble.com
A4 Posting more photos w/ links instead of just links. Thinking abt networks of ppl instead of just individuals
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 10
Are there any limits to ANYONE but Obama for conservatives?
Kind of worried about all your posts whats up with your mom and baby sis?
#thevoice he's not ready!
When is Brian Wilson a free agent? He had a down-year last year but I'd love for him to return to his Boston roots..
This constant desire to escape from doing homeworks...
Getting' ready to swing it tonight! #jazz starts at 7:30 in the O bar
So my seventeen magazine horoscope said i would meet a cute guy on the 6th of May.....
aww YOU'RE the best!
<Retires Packer Jersey for the season> Good season guys... #PackNation thanks for the fun, obviously wish the train was still rolling
Looks like a big turnout for #russellsimmons. Lots of people at
so be dame i have tweeted my 100th tweet thats what's up
oh my goodness rachel wth? Lmao your gunna b broke in hawaii
I think I'm turning into my boyfriend! I'm starting to make crazy concoctions with my food! And earlier we read each others minds XD
24p is the 2nd best p, they best p has four more letters!
interesting how much Facebook uses the word "engage" when what they mean is "post" with a maybe like. That's not engagement.
Hey ! Heard you were a workoutaholic. Do you instruct those bootcamps?
Mane im so happy
The desire for a richer, fuller more abundant life is praisworthy.
Still used to being an asst. RT : There are actually a few rolling solo. Paul Lusk of Missouri St is one handling his own driving
Do not ask yourself what the world requires; think about what makes you shine.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone. - Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams. -Madonna Ciccone
Missing your Spring Break tan already? Head to Marquette Tan and Laundry before noon and tan for only $5!
Just did the most ..
- looking forward to the cloud computing expo... T minus 51 hours... Go
There you go! You sure you don't want to buy them a Mac?
Respect the turkey, Bro.
Figuring it all out has been interesting. I think Rattlesnake is on the menu!
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds -Ralph Waldo Emerson
How we can use machine learning and crowdsourcing to improve
thank (: I'm glad to see I have loyal
The bad wolf was apparently a man's p*nis
so weird to finally see something i wrote acted out. finally putting my screenwriting degree to work.
You can call my show anytime Bruce! - www.sa-urban.com
&B's Tavern This Sat. CD Release Party come out and have some fun......with Specyphi.... New Laser Light show....
Can I borrow some sugar? Lol
RT ": Bend over touch your toes!"
Oh my goodness why must we have bad weather
you betcha {hug} :)
bout ta do dis homework...
RT : Heading to see "Noche Latina," even though warns it's "cheesier than a chimichanga." Yikes....
thank you for the mention... sorry if a repeat thank you..
Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, kiss my ass. Kiss his ass. Kiss your ass. Happy Hanukkah.
At this age I'd rather be immature and have fun, then uptight and stressed out al the time.
U cant out slick a slickster
Congrats! That's impressive. Make sure you go with your gut.
Students: is still taking apps for summer digital interns to help w/blogging, reporting and social media. @ reply me for details
Most absurdly hilarious #seinfeld plot: The professional hand model who fell "in love" with his own hand!
playing right tackle now lol
You both are awesome! Thanks for being fans of our snacks. :) RT: sunbelt granola bars ! <33333333
Great meeting today w/ client. A room full of Dept. Leaders all haggling through their org. future & Nxt Level Decisions. ~Nxt
lol that's all i ever hear from people
Today marks the 50th anniversary of Wilt Chamberlain's 100-point game.
Sounds like a typical Friday for me. :P Enjoy it!
Think it just means worrying is a waste of energy lizzy! RT : Worrying works! 90% of the things I stress about don't happen.
I really liked that idea on having a digital social media scrolling trinitron on the inside walls of #Wrigley somewhere!
exactly my thoughts, u have only scored 3 and think u can score 17+ in under 3 mins, I mean really?
lol its good heading to canidagia wanna roll?!
cant wait for jan 27! its tell 10 friends about jack davis griffo day
Hahaha ima make it fat again sneak dissin ass
lol ima see if i can get a parking permit
Lady Gaga’s interview and performance of “Edge of Glory” on gets me every time…never was a fan until I heard the story, amazing
very excited. saw that post when CC made it. Emailed it home so I can check it later. EXCITING.
Hey--much love and lots of hugs to you, too! :)
Kingdom In The Valley Christian Church in Phoenix, Az RT : :...-where do you lead worship at?
oh gosh, your video of trust issues :)
My colleagues dub my hair the "Bieber" but as an Asian, it's the "Lee" as in Lee Seung Gi
Lovin it outside today! Time to mow the lawn.
yield your pain, summer is nearly upon us.
I like when people boldly sing wrong lyrics!
Everything is great! I've been great,how bout u hunnie?
Super Mystery Jackpot clue:The arranger on the recording was a novice at the time and eventually became a one hit wonder as a solo artist.
I am thinking that is sound asleep from all his ballad singing and dancing last night ... I see no Liverpool tweets though they lead
Thanks for the post on the Pelzer event. Your support is appreciated!
I do know one thing tho, bitches they come they go. Saturday through sunday monday, monday through sunday yo.
I need a pithy phrase to describe headache and shoulder tension from too much Excel work. Any suggestions?
lol she finally found him. I was just hiding a little bit ago! Under a blanket though, not too hard lol
you called me spam! And I notice 8 days later...yes, I'm quite an adept Tweeter.
We back and ready to make your year a little easier!
that's right! thanks for the reminder :) WE'LL BE AT BOWERY ELECTRIC EVERY WEDNESDAY THIS MONTH STARTING TONIGHT!
Once upon a time, new Cubs prez was youngest GM in baseball. Got opportunity and succeeded. Why not RYNO?!?!
you missed out Marilyn the hunger games was pretty cool
When a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment. When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's $3.95 a minute.
Me too!! I think I read more fiction & forbidden romance stuff lol
Yay! I finally get to follow you. I couldn't do it earlier. :)
URT : theophilus pitt stars as mr traffik in mr and mrs traffik lol sick boy
They weren't joking wheb they said these were speedy braces.....
Great! I look forward to listening to it.
Like That - T.I. = my new warmup song
I hate writing papers!! x( blahh, just one more page left and then I can just do nothing!:)
mister "everybody retweets me" think youre cool , huh ?
Too bad, you aren't mad!
3rd day of #school and I all ready want it to be over
Can we trade Jamison back to Washington for Z? Does that work?
Isn't enough that NFLX wants a low-capital, hi-growth valuation? Legacy DVD business can't grow all that much, so drags stock.
Good morning tweet hearts!
Guess what imma do? Hustle! Hustle! Hustle! HARD! Closed mouths don't get fed on this blvd!
La la la I love life and the people that make it perfect and worth living!!!! :)
Hate all these fukin females... Damn fake as fuck
idk...been do'n a million thangs on this ol' android...i'm back on now tho...
Happy Birthday to my friend !!!
PLSAC SURVEY: FRESH PRINCE OF BEL AIR vs FAMILY MATTERS??
same here. late nights doing their homework then early mornings for review sessions.
sweet!! thanx for the follow!!
nothing punk ass nukka ;)
Night =D
Even if you don't have access to your client's #GoogleAnalytics account you can use Bit.Ly to gather some metrics.
I'm planning on coming to Anaheim for at least one day...especially now that I know you will be there.
"Yo dawg, you want some vintage books, dawg? They like really rare, man." - Vintage Book Dealer. Only in NYC.
Nicki Minaj is very scary in Pepsi commercial O.O
RIP DICK CLARK, an Icon who I have had the pleasure of working for! Thank U for sharing your talents & visions with Us! We love U.
Bro, J.J. Hickson was a big pick up for the Blazers. Ooooooweee. I thought he would go to the Heat.
you silly Scoobie
Poor bloggers.
#c2css12 on my way! Look for a low flying Lexus!
its gonna be a long day..!
Dear professional sports announcers everywhere: It is "Tampa Bay," not "Tampa." Please educate yourself on the game you are calling.
Off to the tailor to hem two pairs of jeans I bought in my recent denim spree. (It's an addiction. I need to stop!)
the fact that you've responded in this way does reveal an underlying insecurity about your own intellectual capabilities.
He loves me....isn't that enough.?! <3 he's gonna break her heart for me but, he is madly in-love with me....notta drama queen like her! <3
AH! whose dog is that?
you are a master of #talkingshitbeforeseriesends however in this case it might be with good reason
Come on cudi..
Seriosly contemplating staying after work just to watch cable.
Lucky lady! Going for work or play? I used to live in nearby Cedar Crest, just on the other side of the Sandias.
Thanks George! Our users must have good luck b/c a lot of folks who post liquidate! We have a plan for major traction soon..
Lol double duty during his own show.
couldnt find it. Send me the url
that's so cute<3
Load Tester PRO™ 5.0 Generates Unlimited Virtual Users
girls are stupid. i want to go back to the days when we thought boys had cooties.
oh man i just saw a squirel raping another squirel, I know it was getting raped, because the squirel was blowing her rape whistle
Give thanks for The Godfather on TV right now.
Totally just got the heebie jeebies from that
But yeah, if folks listen & play by the rules of civil discussion, I enjoy intelligent discourse across divides of opinion.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 91
When you see Hi Jeremy and u don't think of Candace&Jeremy or Mr. Slushy Dog but of
I can be your new advisor if you'd like
Breaking: 30 players have now committed to $1 million buy-in event at the 2012 World Series of Poker.
Congrats to 2012 #socialmedia award finalists , , , , , & !
Sorry for the wait...on weezythanxyou.com. Free!!!!!!!!!!!
good lord,...... my twitter feed is going crazy
S/o 2 Cuzzo ....He got big plans on makin it 2 the top....Grabbing 4 success is Reaching 4 greatness....
lol expert game..
absolutely interested
A great night of sleep really helps to clarify the possibilities of today
I love your guys website! You look like you do excellent work!
Who winds the watchmen?
Tine to start to do face for tonite show over at The Palms Bar in weho :-)
now you are talking! Food and art!
Social Network is a good movie!!
off from practice this week. find me on
Early voting begins tomorrow at 441 4th St. NW! Mark your calendar and be sure to cast your write in vote for Adrian #Fenty for
I'll be in town for the Microsoft convention but I'll also be doing some scouting for a reality show about cocktails
Just do it super fast!!! Then run away making your farm animal noises!! ahaha :))<3
Calm down I'm planning to come out to Tampa the 12-15 Sept. Please ink me in. &%$# lol can't wait.
#UPA2012 has ONE exhibit booth left available in the hall. If interested, DM us immediately for details.
Breakfast with the grandma :)
hey! awesome art show today at 29th and Lyndale at the VFW
Just got over my post-Brewers hang over, lets see whats on TV...oh, hi
it wasn't in the least bit close lol
How much do you charge for your Twitter advertisements?
congrats to glad I already got my event in there, fundraising for the
such a good night last night :)
Before there was bumf, there was Bumfuck, Egypt.
then i won't stop in Vegas...LOL
I haven't had coffee in a while. I kinda missed it. :)
HAPPY NEW YEAR JUSTIN IN MY COUNTRY ITS ALREADY 2012 !!! WISH U ALL THE BEST
I'm a friendly person myself.
Maybe not but what if it's bad art to almost everyone?
100 years ago today James Cameron directed Titantic.
no fair! I look like Quasimoto!!!
. lottery today, it's kinda like Christmas...
YES now if only noticed us!
How to Be Successful in Real Estate Investing | Carney Properties
...and so am I, Nicole!
I'm sorry my momma don't hand me money at the drop of a hat. Some of us aren't spoiled like you. Thankyou.
Design your Business Cards to fit your style and personality. Black Business Card Printing make any business more professional yet...
Lets get this money then lets make it stack
What did you read this weekend?
Everything .. even music!
when you order online on dominoes, you now have the option to share your gluttony on FB. i know, i just did. fml
I hope you are not drinking wine through a straw!
Wow. Already tied high temp for day at noon. Gonna be a hot one.
Enjoyed a great evening at the Braxton County Senior Center with many friends. Thanks to everyone for making the evening such a success!
At least we kept Reggie. I guess he couldn't handle the altitude in Denver.
told my sister about the drama in 11th grade and shes like "you all need group counseling or something."
Oohh thanks, we need to catch up after Moldova then. (Thanks )
you guys are the bomb!
he's a cutie.
BRAVO, , for an amazing concert and ESPECIALLY Respighi's Pines of Rome-- my ears are still ringing from the antiphonal brass!
This is probably the easiest job ever for $15/hour. I love politics.
Better in time <3
Its Snowing!!! Lets think Spring.... What is your favorite piece from our spring line?
Yeah, yeah, yeah but you've played 3 more games than we have. I hate that. Why such diff in GP?!?
This. #ReasonsILoveTwitter RT Im wearing a Red Polo to my visit in KC today. Is that a little too obvious?
would still be being played in backyards or in the streets of the neighborhood or at the very least seats would still be under $100 a pop
The cat food...or the cat?!
how? How did you getting add her???
can't u block them?!?
#40dollars will get you 1/250th of a seat at an Obama fund raising event.
RT : RT : If you help me get to 9k followers today I'll post a new song on my tumblr :)
not too sure yet!
i needed a fashion fix this morning. stay tuned for more
sometimes getting what you want comes in very strange ways... willing to accept it today....
Okay back on the bus /: another 4 hours at least -.-
all i want to eat today is bagels. #pointlessfoodupdate -lisa
Thanks for another incredible night. Having a great time at the hennessy event! Tasty drinks great atmosphere definitely
"I don't take 'em out to eat, I ain't here to trick or treat, I ain't trying to fix your weave..."
Nice block!
BOGO, buy one, get one free.You should def stop by :) RT any promos going on? Never visited your salon but would love to...
Ahh!!!Shopping makes me so happy =) 👠
Awww come on bud. Friendly rivalry :-) So how bout them Pats? :-) Just messing with ya
heard on radio that $$ cuts = loss of 167 NPD officers...Tru? What % of total? Trenton has crime spike because of cuts.
idk the name. all it said was "Drake Beat."
just rocked it at the action research conference!
There's always next week. Or the week after. Happy birthday to your dad!
Lake Austin Spa called - whoot!
Man work is going by so slow. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Watching on the Bob and Tom Show. Always funny as hell, no matter how many times you've heard the songs.
I miss you.
faded faded faded but you can bet that im not booty callin'
this is some wack ass shit :O
hope you all had a very merry Christmas w all your loved ones! I am so thankful for the gift! miss you!
I feel like being a bitch today
Ex-Kan. senator feels &#39;vindicated&#39; in racing case
This workshop looks amazing. Thanks for sharing the link. Sounds like I'm due for a trip to NY.
that is such a terrible song lol
fuck you clown!!!
I gotta be doing something wrong....
not a problem. Thank you for Toxie!
On the way to my two lil brother's last soccer game!(:
We're HIRING! RECRUITING OR SALES experience? Call me @ 813-207-2871
Welcome to Twitter! I take a long time to answer tweets usually, so don't think I'm ignoring you if time goes by.
I think Joaquin Arias likes it in a Giants uni.
too nice out to be in the office
Skydiving. Or a threesome. But mostly skydiving.
Appologies - The Oxford rower is fine!
Hawaiian Poke Bowl is bring it today! Come eat! #Raw fish, Shoyu poke or spicy bowl not roll!! #ahi or #salmon! Santa Teresa Kaiser Market!
GOD FOLLOW ME *o*
I hate being a girl.
Outside having an ice cream cone..
If you're still playing music on your website, you may have fallen into a hot tub time machine...
'the holiday' & wrapping presents :)
Turiaff Fuckin Trash..Ill Bus His Ass Doe
going to marion!
other than my back I'm doing great! Doing music all day long:)
WorkiN never chilliN... till I get a Million
Poor baby! I hope she's ok!
You guys should totally show Fast Times With MJR on TV it's a pretty funny YouTube Series/ Viral Video
India Trip Fact #7: Most of India’s poorest are from the Dalit/Bahujan/Scheduled Castes and tribes.
I see you will be at #Withit Me too! See you there!
when someone stops texting you to go tweet...m -___-
everyone tweet #MahoneOnEllen !
#Bruins and #Capitals headed to overtime in Game 7.
you and them Micky mouse boxers lmao
hahah everything made about them is beautiful
Can't wait to work with my babe in the a.m.
. Also, did I mention that Brice (co-owner) just took 3rd in the Asia Regionals?
yes... run by me and some partners. U need to get a copy!
i no rite but its not as good as facebook or myspace
Thanks! Looking forward to seeing your pics.
Louis threw carrots at me, because I love carrots. Seems legit.
Sunday night Internet on the West Coast turns into an endless set of spoilers of shows I can't have even watched yet.
Is anybody else watching this hot mess on
I hate waking up early and not being able to go back to sleep
I Like your videos, great stuff and a good sense of humor
What's everyone up to tongiht?
Let him that would move the world- first move himself. ~Socrates
“: Good Morning Sale! 40% off - online and in store! Through May 11” - see you soon!
Jam tommorrow! A new song introduced perhaps??? :0
I hate when people ignore me when i ask a question /:
Our speaker is an expert on blood splatters, wrote a book that *might be coming to a Hollywood screen near you!
Senior pix tomorrow instead of Marta ugh
Instructional designers in the 2.0 workd are being disintermediated as travel agents were in the 1.0 world. You use them for special times.
And recognition. RT : RT : Q5: Visibility is a critical step toward accessibility.
I liked you>>I stalked you>>you get a girlfriend
Young: Let's talk about the cost -- sometimes it *is* important to be between consumers and their doctors.
Crazy, but true, now that's not saying that her sales were not kicking in while on stage.
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world. Archimedes
In/Ex/Periential geography. Roll through and in. Mouthes all. Slippery mouth, too tense to :: Otherwise, the nausea bones inside.
Hope all goes well tomorrow!!!!!
Thanks for S/O let us know what you think!
Oh California, how I've missed you so!
The contestants check in to the competition today! Which means I'll be constantly checking twitter for updates.
thanks! Just got some boba tea and loving hut. Disney tomorrow!
oh yeah- you just sent me a nice note about meeting!
I've been busy .. busy but always enjoy your tweets. We really ought to meet in person and get you on the show!
I'm better off without you
Love your attitude on playing tennis! Keep it up, it won't go unnoticed! Do you have a profile on www.berecruited.com?
You need to write a book! Your tweets fascinate me
Read the article: 'Finding Rembrandt? Place, history, experience, and the individual' Free Today at www.maney.co.uk/language/literature
I hate that my mom waits till we get in the car & I'm already comfy . . . Jammin . . to tell me that she forgot somethingg .
Anyone else have an #iPhone 4 battery go from great to terrible for no obvious reason at about a year and a half old?
I am loving reading your case studies on your website! You are very accomplished and creative!
BOO! Did we scare you? Get excited for some fun this month including a #KrispyKreme Doughnut pumpkin carving contest! Details to follow.
I'm slow this morning...
Early start in the morning! Making lunch for 67 people! My family is WAY to big!
Still a Lakers fan? Great pickup of Sessions today...
currently joining a gym so i could get swole & fuck johanser up (-:
One life gift that often gets overlooked: perspective. Such a mighty tool, seeing the past/present through new + enlightening perspectives.
: The key to feedback - plug the output into the input.
I'm fairly certain that forty five minutes is an unacceptable amount of time for a Google Docs document to open.
RT - Why is it whenever the #Patriots go into Miami someone winds up fired? First the #Dolphins Special Teams coach now ...
No matter the year or circumstances, prom brings night to remember Since we’re smack dab in the middle of the Fox Valley’s 2
oh yeah. gotta watch the tweets. sorry if i spoiled!
love it!!
Good news on Axford. They stopped his wife's contractions (she was due in early June, I believe). Ax should be here later today.
So afterparty this time- hanging out with
Bleach is the best anime I`ve ever seen!!
“: "South Detroit" line in "Don't Stop Believin" is 3 decades, not of "poetic license," but rather "poetic fraud" by Journey.”
Happy Mother's Day!
**$^#$%^&!! I knew the political junkie trivia question this week -- if only I'd been listening live! I WANT MY SHIRT, KEN!
British researchers stop brain cell death in mice with brain disease. Research may help Alzheimer and Parkinson disease.
This guy just said our new brand "is not Tim Burton". THANKS THATS HELPFUL.
GOD IS ALL ABOUT PEOPLE!!
Just got my skin it in. It's the best present EVER. Everyone really needs to buy one. You won't regret it.
That was a joy of a game to listen to. Thanks Ueck and
I follow back but I also unfollow if I see too much stuff on my timeline I don't like, and you're never in my mentions
Fiday and Saturday - Oct 21 + 22 FREE ADMISSION - Washington Park United Methodist
follow me
shout out 2 my new follower
Tomorrow night: Thai Tom -> Alison Bechdel reading -> The-Dream = best possible Friday in the U-District.
Is it bad that when my mom asked what color my hair will be, I just laughed maniacally?
I Almost Ran Into The Door
. What does it mean for 17 ppl to be arrested for 'being radical'? Were they arrested for DOING anything? Just looking for real info.
tattooing, coors, haircuts, bob seger, dying phone ugh
Aw , I Thought About Coming . , Where My Tshirt At ?
and copying my paper lol
plane crash scene in Foreign Correspondent RT : Hitchcock took credit for devising this amazing shot himself
": smh" why you gettin an attitude?
My mom isn't here for Mother's Day. She's in California.
FLOOD WATCH: Possible thunderstorms for Kauai & Oahu
Who else here thinks Terry Richardson is grossly overrated as a photographer?
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 18
Excellent! RT: : Check out Makes me want 2 travel!”
rain rain go to Spain.....
Today has been quite the day
Thanks David! I think people will really like the new album. I'm not even done and the songs are already doing well.
Dnt be a bully , who takes purses you damn old ....that's why you alone now hoe
quote of the day: "Colorado River mud is clear too"
Taking Austin home. :P <3
there is so much wrong with that scene you don't even know.
Great Townhomes for sale in Fort Lauderdale. Contact us for info
#20ThingsAboutMe... Well one is I love to bake!
jorge: Dark clouds gone in Clear Lake area. Little traffic heading South on I-45. No signs of power.
Please Follow this supporting mahomie NOW>>>> (:
RT RT : Tim Tebow considers cursing for the first time ever. Peyton decides Denver.
Stringers provide unique perspective - Tallahassee Democrat (blog)
#shoutout #M_U_S_T_F_O_L_L_O_W ... thanks for the support Tim and
If you dig boxing and good drama, the FX series "Lights Out" is available now on Netflix Instant. Good stuff. (cc: )
that was my number two reworded. Sometimes its ok to watch without analyzing every play...
Rip Clip D
Studio ready
Seein not making it 2 the finals of #DWTS was as nerve breaking as the last play of SB XLV At least 1 of them had happy end
Sunday Jazz Brunch @ The Andaluz starts TOMORROW! $24 gets your great music and great food!! Be there!!
no, sir. Not bad.
two of my favorite things: and !
I agree. When you get down they result to isolation. It doesn't help OKC shooting 80%.
I know like she didn't give us specifics she just thinks we know everything
has come to a close. Met some great new friends. Jane's Addiction and Mutemath were my favorites. Thanks!
Desperate Housewives is SO DRAMATIC. OMG.
Forgot I was drinking regular coffee and not decaf..
Keep your hopes up high and your head down low. :p
did u get to go to the morning skate!? I'll be there tonight.
News junkies can get CNN and Fox News at the office with Business DISH! Call John at 350-6428.
Had to call police on my neighbor again.
Stay safe out there tonight Milwaukee - we aren't driving tonight, but remember to catch a free ride with Happy St. Patrick's Day!
THANK YOU FOR TUNING IN TONIGHT
- Slowest bus ever.
uh-oh! i hope you are okay!
Stacy Keibler is dressed like an oscar!
c u 2morrow at 2nd St Jazz Bar:) "JR"
cool. Congrats!
chick peas and jalapenos for lunch
Trying to figure out what you are? Some bot service?
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him. - Anonymous
NATE MCMILLAN, FIRED!
Beat the Jazz!! GO SPURS GO!!
When a girl says they're solid cause they barely starting to be your friends yeaa right!
O lol i was finna say
i'd rather be hated for who i am, than be loved for something that i'm not
So happy for you! I also need to see Julie & Julia. I have it on hold @ the library but I think a lot of others got there 1st.
I hate if when tripplette refs #Packers games. I am always waiting for a flag after every play.
Just curious...you guys got an app in your future?
I haven't watched three shows back to back ON TV in maybe a decade. NBC got my attention tonight.
The commercial about people inventing pieces and apps for phones was good until the end when ruined it.
Of course right when im about to leave 'A Night At The Roxbury' comes on i fucking love this movie! if you havent seen it you have no life!
Insecure boy is around today? Really JT2? Ugh, k just love your Marlins, Lakers and gay black friends for the day I guess. Grrrr...
Is loving better than being loved?
enjoyed our last 7am day of the season...
boom in your face
Boston. You?
fuck you too.
I think I also bought them partly for myself, LOL, I would have died for those when I was O's age.
Anything poppin tonight for Quatro De Mayo?
well since i cant see my mentions DM me and we can talk :)
“: Hey you, yea, YOU! Man The Fuck Up and go talk to her! #comMANdments” I can think of someone who needs to do this
“: What are you waiting for, Jadae? Come see us for lunch or dinner!” lol, ok
Too legit #SEC RT : Personnel security passed. Almost a legitimate bureaucrat.
damn that makes me miss NY
I'm adding you as a friend too if you don't mind. Trying to gather up my key constituents ;)
yeah it does. That's just a part of life.
Found a bird with a broken wing in my yard and I don't know what to do
alright I'm going to work on it now!!
Pissed I lost my phone last night fucking wit my husband drunk ass!
The woman that was in the bathtub in her wedding gown?
- thanks for the great post!!
“: #GordenBombay #quack is now trending in Indianapolis ”
lmao I know right we can't hang lol smh I still trip off the fact that I'm 22
The family - that dear octopus from whose tentacles we never quite escape, nor, in our inmost hearts, ever quite wish to. ~Dodie Smith
Pumped to prep for tonight w/ +
My mom told me there are going to be plenty of men in college & i shouldnt settle right away but i should play the field
Okay thanks! I get my new phone tomorrow (: It's about time too, I've missed iittt haha.
Just found more fodder for writing blog posts. I guess I need to get to writing.
why are we what? ;D
I def understand priviledge but feel that in this case one should make films to make one's voice heard w/out silencing others
The only thing that will make me a little more happy today is 's pictures!
In a tanning salon with and the things I do with my friends(:
USA/France from Worlds is on NBCSN right now.
The CityCenter at 735 and Consolidated Construction won the IB Commercial Design Award for Best Rennovation- Retail 2012 for Gold's Gym!
nice to meet u too(x
« Breathe, Stretch, Shake .. Let it go ..»
alright. Tip me good cause Ima be a waitress lol
Looking for a new outfit. Want to try out something unusual.
Smokey treats. I need to quit.
I love how signs her name (:*PerfectLil'Angel*:) but then you meet her.....(: I'm just kiddin' lol!(:
can u skype?!
": JUSTIN AND SELENA BROKE UP?" what!? where'd you hear that!!
dont play cam wow you were caught little buddy 😘😘😘
: Sounds EXCITING! "Getting ready for board meetings"
bring back wine samples then you can also be
Anyone out there using , please share feedback. Looks promising, love the UI. Thanks!
if by the time the bar closes and u feel like falling down, I'll carry you home tonight.
Merry Christmas!
Yum, agreed! RT Brooklyn Girl, The Craftsman and Herringbone!
Wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving! Have a great holiday :)
I am writing you out of exasperation. I don't know what to do next. I borrowed against the equity in my home and spent the money.
looking forward to meeting everyone, look for me !
": My life in a country song, part MMMCMLXXXIII: "She Only Loves Me (When I'm Leaving)" by Nick Verzosa." Love it!!
i will
HAHAHAHAHA that was well played
hi! I'm great thanks :) how are you?
I follow u on a probationary period in hopes u tweet bullets of knowledge and hilarity that blows my brains out
Has anyone tried Mohdoh from Australia? It's an aromatherapy dough that you knead to release the scent. Let us know if you've tried it.
Goodmorning love hope you have a good day <<<<<<<<<======== this text message I received this morning... :-)
aight then let's tpain a gospel song lol
Going to Theo...be back later guys :)
“: my favorite of hers is Believe.” omg. I Believe you got the wrong girl. Lol.
oh thats my email address
Thank you! :)
Calling coast to coast for people who want their own #homebasedbusiness. Mikebanningchocolate.com
what!!!!??? 260 for them is crazy fam but I guess it is what it is
they said university of Baltimore and Michigan state :)
being tall
Off to #Jamaica any events going on this week?
lol were we watching the same show? All I saw was "Talkin" and last episode she ran into da camera man faking a fight
Who wants to the golf range with me?
I never thought we'd get that many followers in that short period of time.#NEVERSAYNEVER follow us?:))
Interested in talking to you about meeting w/Holder for L.A. Times drop me a line if you can talk
#first40songsonshuffle 22. mission district - so over you
Keep following
Are you bringing your catchers gear tomorrow?
^You will bring them in and plant them ⁰on the mountain of your inheritance— ⁰the place, LORD, you made for your dwelling, ⁰the...
High Fructose Corn Syrup!?!
at the homies… cali buds the best
Hope everyone had an awesome Halloween :]
Trying to learn and grind out omaha on PokerStars building my bankroll up on that site. I do better in tournaments on the site.
he is a bit creepy
#highschoolmemories late nights at Seneca golf course and many other after dark shenanigans w/ all my boys at red fox rd.
I used to be able to find flights for $120 :-(
I am doing ME now ;D LML!!! jiji
Texas A&M beat OU!! I can't believe it!!
Correction , Sexy Lite Skin.. Literally the skin >>>
Tickets to Russian River Schooners have sold out in less than a minute. Reminder, you don't need tickets for the tasting.
- I thought maybe you had another book contract? (Which would be cool...)
Colima Linda Apartment Homes are only 3.85 miles to USD..... Home of the...... Univesity Of San Diego :)
Obama: "I like coke." Fox News: "Obama declares war on Pepsi."
aw man!
Thanks for resharing my tweet!
They should let me shoot the Lord Knows video.....
home girl!
RT : #Breaking: spokesperson says fed judge has lifted stay that allowed TX to exclude their clinics from #WHP. Stay...
Too much Visine?
We FINALLY found a supplier of speciality gear that will save clients tons of money with our new... oops, we haven't announced that yet. =)
Work needs to end..
Congrats on your new job! Next time I'm in the bay area, I'll let you know! :)
#SaveMoney w/ #GiftCards! Restaurant.com save up to 60% off + 12% cash back. GiftCards.com save up to 25% off + 2% cash back.
You're annoying go away.
hey hannah! hows boston treating you?
Harry, you light up my world like nobody else. The way you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed <3
What are you doin right now? Fifa? What is doin? Wanna chill for a bit?
Live and let live.
It's nice outside outside now, windy and not sunny
Today is my son's birthday. He is turning 11! Happy BD Julian!
"should he get a pass?" SMDH RT : Lol already tryin to make a built in excuse if 6 doesn't win bc of the bosh injury. No.
#LakerFansRunTwitter y'all don't run shit but ya mouths ! ! !
LA smells like popcorn. It IS just like the movies.
It'd be better if you followed me.<3
A BIG Thank you from the FCS!
Have a great weekend everyone!!
Hit my limit on following peeps on Twitter....again...
Doing a booksigning today at the Barnes & Noble at the Arlington (Texas) Parks Mall from 1 to 3.
“: About 25% of our menu usually is or can be made vegan. Love to celebrate with you!” yes!
GO GET EM PEYTON ! SHOW EM WHO'S BOSS.
Bachman promises to get gas down to $2/gallon. Right after she prays away all the gay.
Coming soon: voting for on our new tees! Huzzah!
you would be proud. Today my purchases in chitown= hot pink jeans + 2 neon bracelets + neon yellow rebecca minkoff purse :D
following back
Guess they figured it was fair game since that is what AT&T did when iPhone came out. Not like ppl need reason to leave AT&T.
you're silly
I will, thanks
Ah okay SO you mad at me now ? Thats how it is up in here /////// -___________________________________________-
Proudly turning in my dockside card
YAY! We can't wait to see you! RT : in 5 days i will be home sweet home eating monicals, shopping in champaign, chillin with...
can you follow me? just sayin. cause. idk, i love you.
Mane he got dat wrap around d*ck
On time-to-degree: like so many other recent #HigherEd issues, this strikes me as our equivalent of redlining. 1/2
Agreed +100 :-D
come visit!
loved that other video on the same site: "gas falls below $3 throughout the nation" - maybe they should update?
just had 1 bout an hour ago was delish but order w/ xtra kraut :)
Allen Iverson will go down as one of the "greatest" scorers in NBA history. But can you consider that "greatness"?
Pretty #FiredUp that I gotta miss out, guess I'll have to make up for it another time. #ThereItIs!
That worst part is, I've liked him since like 3rd grade.
Happy 21st birthday to ! He's so hot.
YEP! ROTFLSHTMTFSICATWTGAT (rolling on the floor laughing so hard that my taco fell so i cried and then went to get another taco)
Baby with all these bitches and all these hoes, you never know how this shit might go.
Could you make today the best day of my life and follow mee? I'll buy ya Nandos (x lmao thank you!
Our fireplaces are all carved out of marble travertine stone. Anything you can dream up, we can do.
does this look familiar?
Wheres the police when you need them ?
It's not letting a lot of people log in, so we can't see a show we paid money for.
I'm that type of person that wants to get good grades,but doesn't want to study..:D
I just can't believe it and it was just during a stupid practice too!
Please RT: LIKE us on our new Facebook page. We will be consistently posting behind the scenes and more! www.facebook.com/VictoryProductions
masters in our hands today for next release. Remaindermen's border states set for June 15 release!
Jake Rothschild RED ALERT!!!! Jake's Ice Creams & Sorbets is open Friday and Saturday until MIDNIGHT!!!! and until 10 pm on Sunday
Don't be mean to Vickie, King!
Never pay for Groceries again, www.gasandfoodvideo.com I will supply you with 125 leads a week, Enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd
Now following. I'd love a follow back please!
Kids, I can't wait. See y'all tomorrow - all aboard!
Looks like Olivo's turn to take the reins, as Figgins, Mesa, DeLucia & Schooler did before him.
That is why both appeared today while "challenging jurisdiction"
fair enough. I'm happy to discuss it if you change your mind!
We love photogrpahing jewelry!
I got 16 and 20 (Liason) in a pool, lady has 11 (Alpha). Not expecting much
I need an easy, delicious dessert to make with a 10 year-old tonight...ideas?
Dirk is the man
Where's the pic of Dave in a speedo?
the CU Amtrak station started with 4 poor reviews (3 of which were 1 star), followed by three 5-star ratings, 2 of which are w/in 24 hrs
Havent Been On This Account In A Loooonng Time (:
of what
what you mean, he's a stunt
SASSY PANTS
": Yes, I do have the right to say long hair don't care because my hair is long af."
Thanks! New at this blog stuff... learning on the fly!
"They lost him. He was gone."
I feel humored.
I don't even wanna consume water anymore.
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers. ~ Tennessee Williams
“: its so chunky” it's phat.
Imagine that...John Bolton was the most reasonable at CPAC.
Oh yes, District is quite popular! You have excellent taste sir!
Bug a boo >> forgot about this JAM lol
Oh how I love. LOVE<3
Thank you. I am following you too.
Finally a little sunshine in PDX...
told you gonna happen again like that next game
I just saw the cutest set a of twins...*sighs* One Day....☺
Happy Anniversary!
tequila, neat is the next best thing :)
My favorite AC memory: after hearing me in class, says "You practice a lot, don't you?" (It did NOT sound like a compliment.)
Glad no ish went down with her
My brother makes me want to smack him... repeatedly ...
Twitter welcomes "Mr. Happy Hour," the Titan of Telegraph Hill - Mr. Myles Cameron! Now be sure to go see "Midnight in Paris"
Elway on Dawkins: "He'll be missed".
*takes a fast shower, gets ready quickly, smiling big because i get to see Jason again*
I also found it odd that the "slayer" had the same habit of "slaying" sentence structure as the person he wrote the letter to.
You're the only one who knows if I'm a good kisser or not :$
ha!!! That's so funny, Kim! Cool stuff.
because i wanted you to see it
Astronomers do it in voids.
you are followed !
You Are SO Cute !! (: IFreaking Love You .
MADISON (AP) -- GAB will not accept reviews of recall petitions by anyone other than targeted office holders.
I love avery . Her covers are just amazing. And originals are better then her covers.
Live To Give - Free Money For These people - Week 2 - www.BrianEZimmerman.com Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
With one eye you are looking at the outside world, while with the other you are looking within yourself. – Amedeo Modigliani
Hooray the Kings of Leon are playing tonight! Are you going?
Cool idea. I like Moyer's 3-legged stool. Design Truck--providing stylish designer seating while you dine at local food trucks!
thank you very much(:
lol cool I'm about to saw my sister the new jb video
Peter Marsh at #SNIPSummit - the most valuable data are myth-busters that show a long-held belief is wrong. Unapplied data is merely trivia
Boxing needs a Mayweather-Pacquiao fight. Both fighters need 2realize they have the power 2revive the sport.
Something is wrong with my dog :'(
You know you're a music nerd when: your doodle turns out to be the circle of fifths.
Yes, I'm not really feelin it. Do you have something awesome to do?!
": I think imma just put this track out." I Say Hell Yeah, Fuccin Right Damn Right!!
I don't even know if I have school 2mrw
Is Oakland Mayor Jean Quan an opportunistic, flip-flopping politician, or has she seen the light?
That's ok. Everyone does. They think they don't, but they do.
now to write the billions of papers I have to do >.>
Sweet baby christmas, this fat mans snoring is far too loud and crazy for a human. I need a pokeflute asap
when u down go talk to sum crack heads real funny they made my day
Hey punch me in the face so I can get some fuckin sleep!
I think should date instead of
I know my days of the week shhhhhhh
But rich wouldn't pay their fair share under flat tax.
can't wait to visit the shop in Marciachi Plaza! We'll have to do some playing there...
New Nakate came in today. So many fun bright colors!! Check out the snap shots <3
wouldn't it be epic? Theyre my 2 favorite artists right now!!! Plus Hannah and Zach would sound AHMAZING together :P
I need the best bang for the buck Tripod, that does it all! where do I start?
WHO IN THE HELL TOLD NICKI MINAJ THAT SHE CAN SING??? #tragic!!!
Yes! These winter blues need to hit the road ASAP!
I know me too it is too cute
Miami Heat will be in the bonus to start Game 2! That'll teach the Pacers to challenge my authority!!!
Can I get a...“: Ah mani pedis with if this isn't #qualityoflife I don't know what is :)”
How'd you ask>
A3 ACC can last as basketball first because it has the two best long-term teams in Duke and UNC. All else is football first.
i know your gonna make it tonight and every other night after this if it's God's will!!! praying for you! amazing performance!
was up
'God only gives good gifts... but sometimes they come in really hard packages..' - / Such a good word this AM.
RT PIPA raises serious concerns about our civil liberties. That’s why next week I plan to oppose the current #PIPA bill.
I was a few minutes late doll, AS USUAL! LOL! Still when I got he said JUST ! MORE HOUR! Checking 2 C if he replied. LOL
Seriously my dude's T-shirts are super dope, get in on the ground floor www.finallyhip.com
you made my day fam. What should music sound like but anything less than your heart?
I prefer my pity parties with vodka and
Well let c if the #Bulls have any heart. Just can't believe there down to n 8th seed. I understand the injuries but there better the that.
nothing wrong with being happy when my teams beat Redsox Yankees steelers patriots colts & duke
Sittin in ap and the omg girls came on kinda funi to see evrybodi's face
Sounds good. Hopefully work is calm enough to give us a few minutes.
Happy Mothers Day
#haveuever driven a car through a barbwire fence into a cow field in the middle of the night while fryin balls on acid?
This Sunday @ the DC Jazz Loft with Herman Burney (bs), Reginald Cyntje (Trmbne), Victor Provost (Steel Pan) myself (drums) 7pm start time.
I thought you were the anti-Kortlun???
Heading on a vacation? Give your appliances a break too: unplug/ turn off all you can and set heat at 55, lower water heater temps to save!
S/O to all my new followers :-) happy Monday everyone! Hollow me on instagram lots of pics
damn man. I'm um sorry to see that.
Great success in creating a new interactive drama approach for our latest production. Will launch in Jan.
so it's his birthday. i wanna say happy birthday, but we "fell out" smh. tragic.
she is right, you would hate it. But in that "Let's get wasted and throw a breakdown at the bridge" way.
RT : tonight. & perfect monday night.
Nice to see you! Things are great here. Funny to run into while I was dining with three other GSLIS folks - small world!
Where's my Drink :)
Veterans connect with available benefits from federal, state & local agencies at free seminar May 5, 1-3pm at John D Dingell VA Medical Ctr.
Clone himself and get Mike Brown fired. “: For the Lakers to win tonight, Kobe needs to _________”
It's been exactly a year since has followed me :D #neversaynever #someday he will follow u guys :) 9•4•10 @ 11:55 am :D
Hi, I had my iphone 4 replaced by Apple, but now I cant download infinifolders that I paid for. Can you help please? Thanks...
At the open hacker house: archivd.com/open-hacker-house
I love you, not just for now, but for always, and I dream of the day that you’ll take me in your arms again.
rebecca black is to pop what alexandra wallace is to asian-america. unwitting one-offs perfectly embodying the stereotypical oppressor.
I am still amazed by the snow, I am like a child and want to go outside make snow angels!
RT : wonder what happen to
#3WordsOfAdvice let's go caps
I wanna go somewhere right now
Merseyside museums at risk of major cuts: Central government's pinch on funding may hit the new Museum of Liverp..
Soaked in awesomeness and baked in wisdom. Love this season hate the constant commercial breaks. Burt Cooper on $ was amazing.
BITCH IF YOU DONT LIKE IT THEN SAY SOMETHING OR JUST GET OVER IT
thanx 4 heads up can u email w/specifics? I did test in firefox & not seeing an issue 2 fix
The laughs we had playing Twister in Spanish today >>
looking for cougars? Try the Pearl on a Friday night. OH!
Ours just came back on, it was out for over 30 minutes... Something exploded and then total darkness...
you unfollowing me now??
RT There are four steps to happiness: 1. You, 2. Me, 3. Our Hearts, 4. Together! ♥
My third and final panel at AFS. I so want to smoke.
nordic trak!? our beats are stale! lets look at some new tracks next week. i am down to change it up
The format of the discussion tool itself is part of the problem with social networking in education.
Questions about President Kerwin's Campus Plan e-mail? Ask us! Administration and Local News Editor is our Campus Plan wonk.
When gets 5K followers my boyfriend gets anal
Chance for showers diminishing. We can't rule out the slight chance for a few more showers overnight & into Sunday, especially for SE Ohio.
Christian music really changes lives everywhere. If you enjoy it, you should check us out!
Hands down my favorite movie of all time. RT Gladiator
watch weiner circle on trutv where you can, when you can.
Do you need me to go with you? I could remind you of things you forget. lol Knock it out the park & safe travels
Keep pushing toward your dreams. You are almost at the finish line!
Sassy Megan is kinda likeable.
Wow!! Man City
All in a day's work: I'm working with a client to install Sharing Tools on their website. Get visitors to SHARE what they LIKE with friends.
We are excited to be with A World For Children today at the Launching Dreams conference. Come visit our table and say hi!
Sal:"now she want a photo, im making brownies." With hahaha
BOUT TO FUCK WITH MY LIL BRO 4 TONIGHT......ITS HIS B-DAY........LOVE U NIGGA
well they said they were going to have something special for us. So maybe it's not a concert maybe it's a meet and greet
I feel like not having exams until mid-week is like having a bye in the playoffs. You dont know the atmosphere or how prepared you are.
Oh my karen oh my karen - plankton me and my lil bro singing
Throwing random things @ people & looking away like you ain't do it >
omg thats so adorable. Oh how you make me laugh :)
Fr some reason I still can't DM u back. I'm on AM1160 M-F, 3to5p. Producing a daily talk show called 180 w Karl Clauson.
As far as we know people always thought that real estate investment is a good thing to do and can possibly lead the way to one's succ...
Can't wait for tonight!
is your # still the same?
And shame on me for not thinking that. Or automatically following them.
I checked out creepy instagram guy. Very creepy.
Hope friends in the Cape area consider stopping by - 10% of today's sales goes to #bigbrobigsis. #BeThere for food and fun!
Great Post!
And I am done with my graceless heart, so tonight I'm going to cut it out and restart.
Chapter 2012 Page 40 of 366 Creative juices are flowing...finding new ways to put more money IN my client's pocket.
Can't wait to unveil the exhibit booth we created with and The Witmer Group!!!
Johnathan can't say my name so he always be like "Aye Lil Girl!" Lmfao
Oh my. Wow. RT #Pens just announced they will have Monday OFF. No practice.
how was that for stalking?(:
Taylor says I'm reem. :)
BRGO BUZZING HARD PEEPS EXPECTING Q3 NUMBERS TO KILL PREVIOUS EARNINGS! HEARING IT'S A 3 WEEK MOMO PLAY LEADING INTO #'s. HUGE IMO =)
You're wrong. 9: LA wants it more... :( goodnight
so from what i see, last nights show was amazing! too bad i live in chicago, maybe ill have to fly out to arizona for a show..
F-L-O-R-I-D-A S-T-A-T-E..... Florida State, Florida State, Florida State... WHO!!!!! Big Basketball & Baseball Wins. Great day 2 B a NOLE!
Gotta come back big time
YES way to go!
Great season. Sweet 16 is a great accomplishment & something every senior will always remember. Big things ahead 4 u guys
You need to realize that being a slut isn't attractive
That Monday was a kick in the teeth. Hopefully a run will make it better and not worse.
Tarzan it is baby! Don't lie to yourself. You know you adore the loincloth. Hahaha ~ P.S. I MISS YOU MORE!
Here we go USA!
O is it a download card featured at Starbucks? I'll go grab a photo of it during lunch/after work! :)
Can't believe the product just auditioned for. It's something people got rid of/canceled big time about 5 years ago.True test of Advertising
You can be anything you want to be. Don't let the pressures of society tell you otherwise.
wow were you off!
Just got out of rehearsal! Tired and Hungry
Absolutely, & that is my message. I often wonder if those society refers to as "Special Needs" are in fact the angels among us
Dang..reminds me of a quote from the Godfather: "Just when I thought I was out...they pull me back in"
I hope he's with the Ms for a long, long time.
#ihateitwhenimdrivingand some idiot pulls out in front me. at least get to the speed im going.
you being naked is my fault? That I can live with
No drama this year :)
Cohen: We can cut violence now by 50% in any city w/o more $ by reprioritizing and political will.
A strong girl keeps her stuff in line, and with tears running down her face, she still manages to whisper the simple words, "I'm fine."
Bruce P at Raymond James says mobility and portability critical when considering edge protection.
Hey, I didn't know you had a workout in the Nike Training Club app! So cool! Can't wait to unlock it :)
About to go to church.
Been waiting for the counselor for almost 20 min
DOWNLOAD FASTER COME ON
Fake it till you make it. Act as if you expect to be accepted, and you will be. This will boost your self confidence!
Always believe that something wonderful is about to happen...
It's now open for Manning and Wayne or Garçon in Miami
: Yes! Hawaii over work? No complaints there! A bittersweet home coming I'm sure. Thanks and good luck with the #jetlag!
cheer up buttercup 😘😘 bestani loves you!!
Please, please let her have dropped out of an Education Connection college.
next week is my last week there tho,
Lucky you (x2)
I literally sat there and smiled like an idiot. He was like you smile a lot...
awww... Hope she feels better soon and that u have a wonderful day!
Tat in 2 weeks turn 16 in a few days an a job at KI (: Let's go #hyped for my tat(: <3
I fucking love
Your heart rate should be neither too slow nor too fast
Great example of why we need GPO & FDLP - searched for 2008 pub on bioethics commission site w/ no luck - then found PURL thanks to GPO!
Juss seen the Funniest Miller Lite Commercial eVER ! XD.
It's Saturday so that means Beachers w/ & maybe
right now im lonely...but at least i have my music :D
i should not be getting so mad so E.Z ..i should be forgetting things this early.i shouldnt be so stressed..i shouldnt be so lost.
' My room Hella cracking rite now!!
I'm gonna change lanes now... OH NO WAIT JUST KIDDING!
Had a great band practice last night... gearin up to drop some great tunes at SummerDance next weekend. But for now...enjoying the day off!
Fuuuck finally on break. Now to sit at subway for an hour :).
true, but for me its more of a lack of faith in the scouting / player development.
and i kinda feel bad for Andrus because i know he's gunna get hurt tomorrow.
Everyone talking about how good prom was Friday is making me depressed I didn't go
#row11 my flight to SFO wont be the same w/o yall. #amsterdamflightdeck2012injuly =
This looks like a great opportunity.
I attended your speaking engagement yesterday . I am a female biz owner and your points are empowering.
Haven't been on twitter for a few days.. what did i miss D:
This whole day been fucked up
Nice to meet you! Hope you like our EP :P
so jealous right now!
Absolutely correct Doug!
story tellers
what it dew my dude???...man just grindin hard...workin on sum things...
Like how I grew to channel my aggressions so I may, fight the last opportunity to see fit distractions which haven’t bothered me at all
lmao I will never get caught!
not totally sure yet, I think everyone's coming over. I'm working for a while. I can call you after. Or you can call Damin.
#IKnowThisOneGirl who acts like everything is fine but at night when she's alone. She cries her self to sleep.
What are the odds that gets a kit sponsor before the season starts?
What did you think? I've been sitting on most of a 6 pack of that for months. I was very disappointed how flat & plain it tastes
im fucked up, i miss you too
Buck is starting to lose me. No #Reimold in today's lineup. Really?
Hey , not sure why i got unfollowed...I haven't been on here alot lately
Spent a work day at my old stomping grounds.. Felt like #home again... Minus the #operation, in my #trapaholic days...
Time for the longest 2 1/2 min of our lives.
Unless my desire is to become gratuitously followed by porn stars and spammers, I should clean up my language.
LIKE 500BOYZ FAN PAGE ON FACEBOOK.
If I died and went to hell, it'd take me about a week to realize i wasn't at school anymore
spiteful people
“: Thx , if you're at #aam2012, please come to meet-ups!” < i'll be there ... Abt 2 take survey>
!!!!!! 11:11 is my most favorite song in the whole entire world!!!!!!!!!!! #AustinToTopTen!!
Love airports that have rocking chairs. #verycool. Thank you Charlotte.
twugs n will. B glued to my tv
no long an i got it very late
what are you mean?
RT : be sure to try the Cajun Margarita! won the recipe contest there. Tonight is a...
Racing. Because football baseball bowling and golf only require one ball.
Oh um LOL things are just funny to me hahaha
I think you should have your own merchandise, like Austin, and what Alex is gonna' have!(: Follow Back?(:
RT : twitter is my favorite book
oh you know it, I can't believe how warm it was.. Love it!
did 's triple in Turkoglu's face remind you of his baller 3 vs Harrington circa '03? Got his swagger back!
Maurice Sendak molded the imagination of my childhood #In the Night Kitchen
Already quite warm on my part of the #marathon route! Many gallons of water on the sidewalk. Also, an abundance of non-rhotic accents.
Me too “ I want some wings b ..”
I just shed a tear for you :'-( RT : So jealous! No crawfish in Denver...
bottom line IU does not deserve a home & home with UK. NOT ELITE !
I Hear Music In The Air press conference April 12th 2012 10:00am at The Aronoff Center.
#Tsunami advisory extended to Oregon, Washington, parts of Alaska, coastal British Colombia (via )
Occupy Red Bank looks like a total bust. Strong "convictions" only one day a week??
I'm in love with my new phone! Iphone 4s so far is the best!
- you guys being there madee it warmer.! : ) -havee fun and be safe,!
Saw Somn From #oomf. That Made My Day When I Woke Up. I Really Miss That Guy. Bet He Misses Me Too
Working on another Museum-A-Day blog post on Oliver H. Kelly Farm
Matusz glove is stitched with Brady Anderson's name.
peeing my pants, i am so freakin excited :D.
: I will never be able to say those words.
Wow, that racial insult was so old it outlived its own social security...
Lamar needs to play better ball or either quit the show or basketball. He obviously can't do both!
Thx for the retweet and if anyone mentions they saw the RT from you and is hired you will get www.cgtpa.org/cgtpa-payout
So so full from holiday food...cannot eat another bite.
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Areas of fog with local visibility one...
looking for twitter to give you that Blue check Yee. Morning Brooklyn Gurrrrl!!!
Congrats! Can't wait to read it. =) RT : My book is here!anunshakablebelief.com E-book is out 1st week of March on Amazon
Its so hard to let go, when you mean so much to me.
Sister-in-law made butterfinger fudge cake. Literally the best thing I have put in my mouth in 2 months. I guess you have to splurge some...
An accountant can use a company’s previous years' performance as a guide for planning for the future.
Booked up now for this weekend. Would love to do some Monday perfs in the Chopin basement lobby at some point.
Impact of choice of lining under amalgam fillings to be examined
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Spring office cleaning day. Jealous?
Bring your game faces for some mean Apples to Apples and Just Dance 2! is making pizza so we're set!
The Spanish Room taps into every sense.Yes you can even taste it.Treat yourself to this buffet of Spain!
Can't sleep up watching movies
BangBang the cat is excited to make her TV debut this morning!
I couldn't be more proud of you, Dave was right you've got a hit on your hands. #SaySomething is beautiful and perfect like u.
Chara hit on Max Pacioretty was dirty the game misconduct was a great call you have to keep
Advantages of being in the british airways lounge? Free drinks. Rum and coke before the flight.
Before you chase rainbows and unicorns, you must believe they exist.
I might just have the best grandparents in the whole world !!!! I love my family so blessed :)))
Truer words were never spoken...too bad I already ate my whole box...
It's fucking hot has balls in here and I can't sleep. :S
finally got twitter :)
Oh, that's absolutely true. Me, for instance.
In Miami Gardens...I'll send you the flyer when dude finish
Thanks for the retweet!
“: Due to severe weather in #DFW area, there is a ground stop at Thanks for your patience. THIS SUCKS
Fab- Wolves In Sheep Clothing.
wonderful. I will email you after I get off work tonight with my schedule and we can see what will work. Thank you so much!
Do you have the link to the program? THanks
Coaches - what will your players remember after their season with you?
New follower luv his tweets
Finally got plans this weekend :D gonna be #crunk!!
Well my family is always later
Awesome! RT : Singing Beatles songs with at the Moore in Seattle tonight! Come one, come all!
how are you love.
Thanks for the follow ...
Thanks for the follow! Have you gotten the chance to join us for breakfast!? Just wondering which location!
Ma grandma is playing One Time by Justin Bieber on ze Piano! <3 AMAZİNG!
Tonight is #hospitality night at The Anchor Bar in #Tampa.. Come in for Half off after 7pm at your fav
Great thoughts on the future of libraries from #CliffordLynch at #wworld but I'm wary of the fact that he's not wearing a Hawaiian shirt
I got a big idea i just need a little help to make it happen
We should be able to sleep in on these trips instead of getting up at 6AM
Spent the evening with the one and only Thanks for the cupcake! Always a pleasure!
THE BEST HAS YET TO COME
my body needs a hero come n save me
I hope gas doesn't kill Obama like it killed Carter.
Thank you everyone who stopped by the booth during the SD Bay Food & Wine Festival! We met so many amazing wine lovers!!
No wonder they don't want the tax system overhauled!
The countdown to #MarchMadness is almost over. Our prime Loop location is ideal for sneaking out of the office to catch a game.
it sounds like you've had a day. Or a week. Hope your weekend begins soon.
Dr Capiluto better be at school tomorrow!!
Epiphany; Toscanini's in bed.
Congrats to all GANG video game music awards Finalists...what a great year for game music!
awesome! I'm from the USA :) did you get a reply from Jennette?
Misread your tweet & didn't see you were referring to Tucson. Our SM offers only apply to Phoenix stores! So sorry!
not when it's a damn good album....
Oh just another late night teaching at Hilbert College... ya hooooo!
Per Se! U owe me lol
Love you Pastor! Miss ya'll.
I'd like to see the sun rise but I am always in my office already.
I can tell. You're bouncing off the walls girl! Haha :)
#FF professional me: Same person, (usually) smarter tweets.
the next step is to take a podcast and create a vlog to make the learning social
happy independence day, mexico!
oops I twittered
has a one man show in Vegas?! Great day for solo performance.
Wishing you a joyful and safe New Year celebration.
Lacrosse: Northwestern loses ALC crown to Florida
Thanks for the follow; we'll do our best not to disappoint! ;)
Surprisingly I'm not that tired. Time to get ready for school!
Most Boring Sentence I Wrote Today (& perhaps ever): For the English, however, war tended to be more persistent, distinctive, and thorough.
Lmao just kidding :) RT : :o I never knew lmfao
i think a days are a liddo better than b days . i mean i see you a liddo more than b days (:
super excited to be here!
We would love to see that work but fear it will not. Nothing does. It's Target. ;)
Ah! We've been using TweetDeck, but that's great info to hear. Maybe it's time to expand to HootSuite....
LOL! My cats aren't fans of the vacuum, either! However, it has to be on and near them before they run!
Life is a bitch, so learn how to fuck it.
I am the Crocodile!
I wish I could see him Tonight.
thanks my friend, you know I appreciate that! Cant wait to get the christmas album out.
So "Carrie Diaries" is a real thing? Oh okay.
True...but that's not Puerto Rico lol.
Justice for the wives. I admire their courage! Saving Face.
+1 "a 'portal' is something you built in the 1990s... the big successful companies today are generative platforms" -
Deleting key factors to move an agenda forward equals a lie!
Yes ma'am! You can certainly pick up a friend's race packet. FYI: girls will get packets from their coaches on race day.
I don't feel good at all 😣😪
yes this is sweet
EVERY ONE THIS IS SERIEOUS A KID IN SOMALIA AND HE IS DYING PLZ HELP HIM DONAT MONEY TO SAVE HIM LOOK FOR EARLY TWEET PIC OH HIM SO CUTE :(
Red Hot Yoga's Teacher Training program will open it's 500 RYT training next spring. More info to come!
the journey..
Keep my thoughts pure and honoring to you God.
Angry Birds was made from IBM software. 180 million copies!
For those ripping the Chalmers shot, a question: Did you watch Game 2 of the 2011 NBA Finals? All you're trying 2 do down 3 is get a clean 3
Give me what I'm asking for and I'm yours
Never had a sunburn on my legs before..... it hurts so bad! im also burned on my cheeks under my eyes and on my arms :/
Yup! That's exactly what I was hoping for. We could find some new places to seek shame and rejection!
Translation of what George Zimmerman's now-former attorneys are saying: Zimmerman has gone rogue.
you forgot to add "Part time Veggie" to your bio ....
New music from tune in
I'm al right. Don't nobody worry about me! #jamminInMyCar just let it be :)
Who are you living for? What are you living for? Clue - if it's just for u or about u...u won't be living
Buy tickets now for Crossroads Concert @ SECCA. Fri, Mar. 30. Dean&Britta play to Warhol's top 13 screen tests. www.secca/org. Hurry!
Wish I could make it for the talks, the networking, and the trip(s) to Jeni's Ice Cream. Good luck this summer!
let's go to destin
Teacher: "What do you call a person who keeps talking when people are no longer interested?" Me: "You."
where's that picture we took! hopefully its as cute when its large as it was when it was on your phone!! lol
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 51
Tinted windows are dumb.
I just learned that is 30 yo, need to head to #Canada and drink the water.
my ipod > my phone.
Hoping the NFL gets something done soon, because the Ravens schedule looks awesome.
Houston, we have a problem: RAIN, TORNADOES, FLOODING...have a great!
Doesn't Ted Phillps need to go too?
If you got the spirit stand tall, and say yes, yes, y'all. Yes, yes, y'all.
You sure, isn't out of your way? lol it was your idea, and I was just there last weekend...they had some pretty good sales :)
thanks boo love you!
pretty good. I know you make plenty of visits down here..you should actually stop in once in awhile!
Good morning Facebook frends.! quick question, What would be a better contest gift, an iPad2 or a fully optimized Website.?
she was wonderful! It's inspiring to see what can be accomplished on a social platform.
We are not in last place in delegates. Don't believe the hype. We're in this and it's wide open!
The acted like he bombed a bus full of orphans holding kittens. The rest of them got a buy.
Thanks to everyone at Kaufman, Rossin who wore jeans today to raise money for - they are a deserving organization!
Don't you just love #juniorleague training events?!
To all my star wars peeps! May the fourth be with you!
Best birthday present ever??? “: Belated birthday present for my baby, ??”
that one guy ? D?
On my way to the most beautiful place in the world, Ohio. :)
New trees planted on the Trail along Blackford street!
Watching Last years NBA finals Heat vs Mavs all I can really say its A BUNCH of BALONEY
Thanks for sharing your story and giving Davids name! RT : So great being with all of you!
#BeforeYouExit will you guys come to indiana again?:) & my twitter name is sarah fox, not sapphire hahaah (; x
Comparison shopping is indeed Read the rest of this entry »
Yes getting on the map - #Gartner will be reviewing and our products
I don't wanna leave :(
