Just skyped awhile ago(: yeah be jealous!
WHO! What a play JJ!
I get a certain sense of delight when I hit 140 characters exactly without trying. I think it's because, for once, I'm coming in on budget.
RT : RT : office in Wisconsin is "temporarily closed" after small bomb explodes outside it.
thanks for following! Saw you are a O Brother fan. I got to see Alison Krauss this past wnkd and they sang Constant Sorrow!
Atlanta Yoga Center is (re)screening "Titans of Yoga" DVD this Fri, 7:30p....see you there!
SAME! Time flies! RT : Literally NOTHING in this world beats spending time with ! best friends trump everything:)
Let's not forget the Arctic Monkeys - Bet You Look Good ON THE DANCE FLOOR
Thank u for the follow love! :D It means a lot! \o/
Last year Crystal's appearance was such a blessing. This is just unbelievable.
Have a VERY HAPPY THanksgiving Tomorrow!
Paul Byron is wearing Pyatt's number... not cool!
both mingchen's twitter and the SD email have 37 at the end? why?
thanks for the mention!!
The Hummer limo is really the douche bag chariot.
thanks for the RTs!!
Finding "Jesus" in my grandma's address book.
Life is all about taking risks to get what you want.
Thanks, Steve. Four to go!
friends should be there for each other.. I can help you with that ;)
Can I get a follow back??
We'll start loading it up tomorrow or the next day. Homeless tubes no more!
Learned a lot about Braylon Edwards character w/in 48 hours:Classy:Doing the "Dougie" and blowing a .16 when you get pulled over for a DUI
Oh Jesus.
speed mentoring 4-5pm today in ballroom j. Missed the program & the boopsie app. Get the word out!
I know you're back in the bus. Better see you
Whatever it is, I'm taking the under.
Nice shirt..
God can use all of us, but He is waiting for our willingness. -Dr. Lee Roberson
see my dm
A hard head make's a soft azz belive that..peep game..
Austin's USTREAM.
Stop by Camos Brothers this week and enter your business card to win 2 FREE 20" Pies! Delivered to your office on Tuesday!
You have that right, Rudy.
I had a good time:(
BernCo Commish Michelle Lujan Grisham says she will ask county attorneys to help her draft a motion to censure
i wanna say the choir is the only ppl actually singing on stage
Hello, due to technical difficulties our site is still not up which is a bummer. but visit www.theadamouski.blogspot.com
Sanchez will start the season. I think they brought Tebow in to motivate him with the thought of being benched.
I feel my immortality over sweep all pains, all tears, all time, all fears, - and peal, like the eternal thunders of the deep, i
I thought "She Needs Me" Guess no more..
omg so sorry i forgot to follow
Can't wait to get back to #losangeles and see my lady :-)
Oh, I thought it was friday..
Is it natural?
After months of telling my dad all the funny/clever/sexy tweets I say he made himself an account. Look out 4 his backyard squirell updates
Need to get some drunk spray. So if I just happen to get pulled over, I can freshen my sober breath and smell buzzed.
What happens if I bought a student ticket but am not a UNH student?
follow back please :)
- Is anything related to payment or finance nice or sexy? Me thinks not.
#ff obtuse bitterness towards women
The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything.
lmao well I guess I wasn't cool cause I never wore them lol
thanks John!
its not fun for anyone dear
if I put money in a book I wonder how many people will find it lmfao. #food for thought
new album in production and BE HOPEFUL the musical coming together, I am thankful!
AG will be replaced via trade. CI gets replaced off the wire.
I have a lot of galleys but I still check out library books. I am now reading 5 books all at the same time!
I've heard #Drupa has #QRcode fever! Wish I could have been there, I love anything new media and techie - double win when combined!
Happy birthday ''late'' to i wish u all the best fo' your 22 years ♥
Elite performers have uncommon boldness and courage...do you?
Hey peoples! :)
It's done! Thank you to our listed 180 backers who pledged $8,904, and to the unlisted 3 backers who gave $2,800 more. Total : $11,704
great comeback and sweep!
; Rest upp . Make some more music <3 Its very fun to listen to (; & hard not to sing along . Watch that 70`s show . Amazin ...
LOUISVILLE: What are you guys doing for Armageddon on Saturday (Louisville vs. Kentucky game)? I suppose I will not go into hiding that day.
that slut...
yes. With napping.
Excellent. My partner had one. It's scary.
you did that seal song justice man. Didn't murder it at all.
"Woulda won anyway?" Based on what? Haven't you predicted easy titles for LeBron the past three-four years, anyway?
with friends
you have to tell me! I have been looking for that one everywhere and I cant find it! not on the Kors website! #HELP!
Love with your mind and think with your heart
Are you ready?
When you get your fill of Pudding Wrestling, we serve real food until 2pm, and nobody has been crawling around in it. Bonus!
PERFECT! You've inspired me....off to Gelson's
Doin it right now ": RT if you tweeted while going the bathroom today! #twooping or #tweeing #dontlie #everyonesdoingit"
Georgia bugs are so disrespectful.
Manhattan's Upper West Side reminds me of a Candyland board interspersed with dollhouses.
#askjennette what did you think of san antonio when you came a few months back? (:
Gorgeous track! Have fun!
I miss you.... A lot
Can't believe that in the 21st century we are still arguing about contraception....our political system has turned into a sad joke
lol u missed it
can non TransCons (<- that was funny) apply? heard lots of Amazing things about your web to print comp.
oh hot daymm.
Many Thanks Greg! I hope you and the team are enjoying #NYC and
japanese lesson go
Fridays's opening receptions were wonderful. Thanks to our talented artists and ABQ's supportive arts community for the enjoyable eve!
Do not cook another thing Do not mess up another dish! ZuZu handmade breakfast tacos and more. Kids eat free after 5:30pm M-W.
for a artist name, song or album?
true fact!!
We just got some new *Incense*
do you know who we need to talk to?
After a weekend dancing/laughing/raging in NYC, I need to sleep for a week. So much DanceWorks Boston love!
spending my birthday on May 20 in Chicago!
where you coming from??
Sometimes I really feel funny when some1 upload new photo in fb, and asking ppl to like the photo.. Like forcing ppl to like their photo..
Real gangsters don't slow the car down at all when they see cops.
It's Never a Good Time...: Week 12, Day 6 - 16 week full IM training
Lol I thought Canadians wanted to help everyone? Paying for medication to save someone's life is not the same as
You already here???? Waiting on confirmation about my tix for tomorrow! Excited to see you in action with my Fav. Coach! :)
In NOLA, docs & dramas, very much of LA culture. Had him KC for special program yrs ago. Great guy. Very creative.
Love my new ipad
have to work tomorrow but maybe on Saturday and Sunday
OMG FINALLY #DEGRASSI <3
Private institutions need to care about 1st Amendment activity as well. Many have "free expression" policies.
10% off on all labor and materials until August 9th! Also, ask how you can make $$$$$$ through our referral program! :)
ack no kidding. You know what it all comes down to? Bitches wanting you two to break up so they can have him.
working no parade today
Why should she be any different that the rest of us?
I'm using , which I love. But I think that might be what's redirecting the link to the home page...interesting
yer how ya
A crack head is on the loose on Yuba campus lol
bring it to me I can clean it & make it look new. We have to keep our rings forever.
If women didn’t exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
I'm craving fried green tomatoes. They won't be in season for at least 3 more months.
"You gotta hydrate to gyrate." -
Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
I love you too! :)
thank you - 3 little ones now.
AFTERNOON POLL: When’s the last time you whipped up some homemade milkshakes?
check out
Using this ominous weather as an excuse to stay in & read a magazine Not on a tablet, comp or iPhone. Straight up print.
bumpin to biggie the whole way there
today's words of the day are: knismesis and gargalesis! thanks to
Leo's Pro Audio going out of business sale! Trying out my new gear now. Needed to buy this like I need a hole in my head.
Is that a microwave??? I'm gonna guess that it is... It looks cool. I think.
thanks for the update!
Hello, Lovelys! Tell us what color your underwear are!
kinda sick when u think about it
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's. --Billy Wilder
I would honestly go to #UMF just to be at #ASOT tent all day
Please follow
Good Morning Gorg. :)
pitcher and shot specials during game time!
"ediscovery is like 50 first dates... we should aim for more like groundhog day!" Knaapen of Chevron #ltny ^BM
Crying from laughing so hard > 😂
You can never really truly love anybody, someone else always replace those feelings over the time.
Don't negotiate if you are not prepared for the negotiation. w/ #womnegotiators,
Cupid really playing with fire here... if that left, he wouldn't be able to enter the state of MA again.
I was thinking specifically about sub-fields like Southern history where many of them are so closely connected. No worries?
Jesus. Not sure why I thought you meant Legends of the Fall instead.
Fashion, Hollywood & Music mixed into a nice cocktails event at Glam & Red Carpet @ Hollywood’s last night!
Planet Tennis: Multiple hitting partners at level capable of being on court 4-5 hours day,minimum 3-4 times per week.#1 on Futures prep list
Doing that thing where I eat a milk chocolate calcium chew, just because I want a dessert fix.
Take good care of your girl
We got there 45 minutes early and it was already standing room only.
What do you think of the whole Tebow thing? Think Sanchez is going to last long?
Nah. But nice to see refs not treat King James like a piece of fragile china!
Rumor has it! Rumor has it! Rumor has it!
A strong person is someone who after crying themselves to sleep at night, still wakes up with a smile on their face.
I need this job ! ha
I'm using that approach every day of my life..
Ah, my family! Ah, back to Colorado. Enjoyed #iste11, gonna get to work on this stuff for the new school year
Blue talks???? Sacrilege!
Was thinking most dramatic finish since '99 Champions League, but ManU only needed 1 for extra time.
so sad.. Agree with you.. You should have gone all the way! The guys skirted along n red is too full of herself!! Boo hoo
MAN IM TIRED ITS TIME TO HIT THE SHOWER...
I know! I think it's about time I meet my husband lol
I hate making eye-contact w/ people who used to mean the WORLD to me
Everytime I hear love the way u lie by eminem and rihanna I picture and singin it
glad to hear that :)
. graduate recital - 4 pm today at the Depaul School of Music
I am having difficulties discovering peers capable of intelligent conversation.
Don't let anyone get you down today. Only you can ruin your day :)!!
I foresee a fierce game of redistributionist one-upsmanship MT Pres Obama said he looks forward to working with Hollande
Ohmygawd. Fried oreos. Best shiz E V E R<3
Morning world ...another day
Love #draftday RT Good morning! Happy draft day to all #NFL fans!
Thats the thing. everyone is. At least a little bit. lol
hey Gina I have a Hospital bed that probably does exactly what you need! This is Richard Flores!! Text me 512 923 6881
Im hot
I will give you $20 to clean my room.
i hate being so bi-polor yes me bi-polor...but then again i always get upset easily which isnt good at all
What... It's horrible lol. At least I thought it was :). But other than that the Split rocks!
Convinced that women cannot fucking drive!!!!!
please follow me! I'm following you! *puppy eyes* ...it would make me & my owner VERY happy! =D
get out in front and make your online community before someone else does.
"A little magic can take you a long way." — Roald Dahl
aw congrats lady and gent
Will do! Hope you can watch us as well.
check online through your bank's webpage. I know navy federal does it, that's how I decided to pay my cell phone bill.
not practiced in most education, really
aw that sucks but it's okay :) can't wait for your suprise
Good morning to you!
yesterday was super amazing! i'm in for tony!
Hey. Been a long time. All is well on this end. How are you & your fam? I was in DE for 24hrs in March.
Pitches at swdc10 have been great. But props to the insightful panel as well. Great advice!
Thanks! Twitterer is working hard to make marketing that's actually good.
I have no idea why Suh is not a Heisman top three candidate or wins it. Seems unreal that a DT can not win it?
Hey you ever listen to Gangstarr? The song "Moment of Truth"? Listen to it if you haven't.
💆💅💇 this is what I have planned for today!!
So excited to have tickets to see one of my role models rachel when she comes to KC in April! Who else will be there?
Head to the Springs Cafe today for some Mexican-flavored specials: carnitas burrito with rice and beans, or albondigas soup!
the way the lady said it made me crack up xD
were here for you mason(:
Ugh, this new camera needs to get here. Trying to hold off on new micro shorts until it arrives and its driving me nuts.
You are better than "that girl" that will cry over "that guy". If you ever need someone I'm here!! :D
Anyone have any resources on implementing #AlwaysOn with #SharePoint?
I'm sorry Kristen but I don't think i'm worthy enough to deserve a RT from you
nah kim
- try Doritos sweet chili - insanely addicting and i dont eat much junk food.
um thanks for the invite!
Best of luck to at Boulder this year #fave and and at Alabama, see you 2 at the uk/ul game!
I love how everyone on my dad's side of the family sees someone with long dark hair and automatically says it's :P
getting to sleep early tonight..then waking up at 2:30 am to hopefully watch the meteor shower:)
Hating' on Comic Sans.
I think I'm going to stop talking.
Passion keeps us going and the Joy of what we do keeps it Fun.
aw you look so sweet with your braces off!!<3 I won't get mine off for like 3 years cuz I got mine a few months ago!!:/
Why do girls love chacos?
Sounds like a plan ; )
Jon Jay is such a good hitter, despite one of the noisiest swings in the game.
Its do or die #canucks lets go! This first round of #playoff games have been a #OT bananza! Put the #golfclubs away
single .. you ?
RT I think I may have to do a pop up in Hyde Park. :-) <always on some hot shit
": i see you can go song for song wit any rapper, how bout we make a track together"--Send a link & lemme hear u babe.
Ps1 is seriously bomb
Is that supposed to be The Small BLACK Room on your list or is it The Small BACK Room? If its the latter, you should see it.
amen to that :) personally, I think the church needs to reach out more to the lost.
RT #DesignBizChat after talking w many renown #interiordesigners all say same success=surround w team 2 work in their aesthetic
To make you go to work even on your day off.
BOUT TO GO DOWN AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT PARTY PEOPLE!!!!
i love you hiihih
Haha. She can barely handle FB.
I wish I had Dora's parents. They let the kid go everywhere.
omg why do we have to trend every little thing?
and sorry to all who got spam from us! we tried to delete all those messages before most of you clicked them. spam and hacking sucks! : (
LOL...sorry I've been imbibing and socializing. I'll be in touch as I stumble home.
Rainy day here, but off tonight
RT me so I know it's real
Know what takes the sting out of this loss big time? Remembering that LSU won the title when I was actually a student there
Today was boring
It turns out I aint have strep or mono, jus a virus.
More teenage girls...when does this show go up?
yeah, just switched it on :)
Only God knows but I know in due time..He may not come when u want him but he is always on time.
well have fun being an ain't shit bitch the rest of your life, you look like you got it down
Thank you Henry!!
Being trapped in traffic is not a good start to the week.
I'm in love with The Kennedys right now. RT I dont even know what I did before
I give up marketing
France went Socialist after their leaders pushed austerity. Maybe the U.S. will be next.
ATTENTION ANY1 WHO WORKS GIRBA AIRLINE.....IF YOU HAVE BUDDY PASSES FOR SALE....CONTACT ME
Hey! We R at #SoCo2010 too. Would love to meet you. is working our booth. Stop by 2 chat. Have FUN!
Retweet if you think Power 96 is playing music that is totally just for your situation, just ... Perfect. ♥
I wish would man up to his bet. He just knows he's gonna be losing that money.
Trae the truth"dueces&treys"on repeat
Yes We have the ability to extract Cannabinoids From the Marijuana plant And place them into lozenge form.
anyone want to skype tonight?
Tony Gwynn Jr will be on tonight. Crazy diving catch after covering an ocean's worth of ground in center.
I wish I could!!
dear change...i dont believe in you
Let's Go Grizz! #grizup all the way to the finals!
What do on a #friday night #pdx ?
I'm down!
Yes and what I read was you might not be able to do it...and I won't accept that...b/c you would be perfect for that role.
amen girl !!! Men just haven't gotten it together yet! Lol! We need to go to ghost bar sometime!!!
not sure how the elites run though, i tried on the cheap 99$ ones, S fit well length wise but armpit was tight
U are challenged for a reason - to prove your strength and work ethic, focus and determination. Do u got what it takes?
I'm just going to wait to see a lineup or until Sam Rosen gives a definitive word
I agree, he is a fool like the rest. They need to go sit down somewhere. lol
my life is mad hectic. i pretty much juggle 3 jobs. one of them is in an architecture firm n the other is an on call medical translator
I like school but it's nice to have a break to do some reading.
BRUIN RUN/WALK BRUIN RUN/WALK BRUIN RUN/WALK Tomorrow! See you there :)
As a nation we are dedicated to keeping physically fit and parking as close to the stadium as possible.
Top Ramen or Easy Mac? GO.
the Bulls are on.
I'll call an ambulance. RT "I'm at McDonalds"
Great conversation with tonight ! Always fun & interesting. Looking forward to the next.
Lots of new jewelry from Elizabeth Vilkas Designs...come check it out! :)
Edward Rooney has no reservation whatsoever, about holding me back another year.
Kendall Marshall breaks his hand? Uh oh!
I hate when mfz suck pussy to hard like dam bitch women shit is soft & delicate lol go slow & lick & suck SOFTLY
Congratulations to Weekly's Top 40 Under 40! High fives go to RVA Zine Fest's co-organizer Liz Canfield for rocking the list!
#MvsW Radio QoD: You can lead a russian diva to the blueline, but you can't make him play defense. -Bruce B.
thank you for the follow and mention as well! :) Take care!
Bowling today >>
Run with the joy of a dog off the leash.
I kne right:o
May have just got outfoxed by this Mongolian fish. He opens 60 button I call bb calls. A98. Cks Around. J turn I bet 200, he calls. River 9
Looking like 21 JUMP ST Channing Tatum & Jonah Hill are in the house!
We can't stop outside stress but we can prevent inside stress - slow down - think less - find balance between work and rest - gratitude
I need some help starting a blog any advice or links would be greatly appreciated. #pleaseandthanks :)
Learned the hard way that I don't get diplomatic immunity when wearing my Burger King crown.
hahaha yeah thanks puppy dawg swagger ☺
": Um...working out on my abs and legs seems to trigger my....nevermind but I may do this often ;)" Boing Boing.... Lol
I hope the sunrise in Egypt right now brings you hope that you're not dying in vain, and that we will make our world better
Omg yes :{) So excited!! It's gonna be SO amazing ♥ i love when she performance!! she is really talented and funny
2nite on "Live @ 10", we try to slow drivers down after a car killed a family dog in Muskego. Join tonight for
LATE CHECK-IN - NBA Miami Heat will be checking into the DC Four Seasons Hotel within the next 60-75 minutes
Don't take it personal Luv. It's just twitter. #unfollows are not the end of the world.
#sljsummit10 call for school librarians to develop inquiry skills, be innovative and creative: integrate content, technology & creativity
Eagles just tweeted that it is Cox.
BTW, you all ever need an event emcee, I'm always available for local agencies! *cough* hint *cough*
of coarse my mom has to ruin the good mood!
BEST best friend AWESOME job and boss CUTE boy COOL apt
So nice
is a SF-based startup that makes meetings singles social w/ double dates. Follow them for an early invite!
On my Martin shit... YOU GO GIRL...
It was a fun evening in #Tipton. Always great to share our vision for raising up new leaders.
still not there?! It's the 2nd quarter! Lol
thank you so much for following! Let your friends know to follow as well? It would mean the world to us<3
I have school tomorrow
I heard a rumor that retweeting on Friday could be deliciously free! NO PURCH NECESSARY C Rules 4 Info bit.ly/kqy4oV
are they serious??? they need better ears
RT : Live Remote tomorrow a.m. with Mike Cast/KUSI News. Tune in at 8 a.m. Should be a fun one!
Merry Christmas Miley.
i love music and U.S.A
true. but l'm gonna live in my little world right now pretending that it always works.
Bacon and eggs for brunch now off to the gym!
When I'm with you you're my para, para, paradise.
“: YO! party at roscoes when I get back lol! Fried chicken on me!” < I'm in. Not turning that down.
You are the definition of what human potential can accomplish. I salute you Sir!
hating where you live because you're too far away from wherever austin performs.
31: You are pretty & a mahomie! :D
another day i'n Yankee land another lost lol
I need new shoes, just no stores around here sell original Vans anymore.
If there ever comes a day we can't be together, keep me in your heart I'll stay there forever.
dissertating by a window looking out onto a rainy street while listening to Bach's cello suites...depressing, but maybe productive.
I know. Just heard it. Great stuff!
Jamming Foster The People up the coast back to Hollywoodland. Makes me think of Miss you girl!! Come back pleasaseee xox
Thank you! Come see us again soon.. :)
An we go have one hell of a time
#Gaddafi leaves speech in a tuk-tuk. #Kwame must be feeling really so much cooler than Gaddafi.
Hoods have a purpose,most of them are not 'gangster fashion' related. Sounds like the don't wear a short skirt if u don't want it argument.
almost wrapping up the season3 of bbw cant wait to get to the REUnion
introduced the work wife to google chrome - she's in love!
#pw2012 50% of children in New Mexico live in poverty
It's a great program for kids & Families. Saturday's show was Teddy Bear's Guide 2 the Orchestra. Went very well. :D
have you ever fell and didn't spill your tequila? haha
I got a 72! Pretty pleased for a first-timer who never opened the book before, didn't study and went to two concerts that weekend!
Hookah with Hello Kitty. Yeah - we're that badath.
I hate school. 👎
lol well thank the lord. Hopefully you can get back to sleep easy!
i cherish you my love!!!!
Have you heard the news yet? Something big is coming...Be sure to check out our Winter Film Awards this February!
Ryan, I put the team on my back Braun had an okay game last night.
Nope. Abandon thread. WTH is Swingers Club?
could you make this the best birthday ever and follow me pretty pretty please??? 
I know, we are gettin' READY! What about you guys?!
Enjoying a brisk day shift in the City of Enchantment. #brazosport #ER Lake Jackson.
T minus 2 hours and our Improv show is ON and POPPIN'! Shout to and our awesome class!!!
☼ The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success. Paramahansa Yogananda
i just want my jeep back..
After the first handful of picks, I could care less about the NFL draft
Delighted to have the sponsorship of law firm for The EuroConnect 4 this evening. See you at the Rembrandt in America Gala, too
good one!
DONE SOCIOLOGY. YES! sat and ap exam: leggo.
I will DM u session rates, etc.
The Hump Day !!!
Wait. What is Cookout?
Do mothers these days even buy walking shoes for their children that are just beginning to walk? Do they even know to do so.
Jealous of my friends doing the Avengers marathon and/or seeing it at midnight. I'm just ridiculously excited for tomorrow.
Getting my wrist checked tomorrow, hope nothing serious.
Good children come from good parents. the parent deserves a few brownie points.
Take Pagan out and put in! #SFGiants .221 leadoff
Happy Cinco De Mayo to all the Mexicans and non-Mexicans celebrating. Be safe! Don't drink and drive. DUI checkpoints will be in full force
RT : Big news for my friends at #Inmagic! RT : acquires our special library products. bit.ly/vVkbLX
It's the OCB
Congrats man! :-)
never that! You should be down on campus
If your don't believe in DEMONS plz come to STL and sleep in the #LempMansion omfg so creepy!
Working with girls gets u more tips but is really boring
2 & a half weeks left. Thank god.
Wait. That's it?
... lol fully blooded. Always forget that your my lil inidan buddy. Are you 100 percent indian?
Meet me at News birthday steak tips and rice on me! Say what... say what?? White gold white gold!
too drunk last night = a good night... most nights lol.
I am feeling home sickness.
Was There!!
grey goose for sure..hmm let me think of what else lol
I can't be just friends with you...
All right tweeps, I've got to know-is our new site up and running on your computer? If so, what do you think?
yeah definitely
I didn't even get one marked.
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Great players post great tips and videos online. Never be too stubborn not to learn from other (better) players.
what's that Key???
You Are Very Beautiful! Can I Plz Get A Retweet And A Follow Back ?
Back to Paoli Peaks to ski for the first time since eighth grade...don't even ask how long ago that was for me! Happy Valentine's Day!
Did I really just get passed by a funeral procession with rap music bumping inside the hearse?
we are cool
Dont treat me like some random bitch
Happy new year! 🎉
Going To Bed Playing At Your Best (:
well then I suggest we all take up our right to bare arms and form center/left of center militias.
Well eating something could help take care of that.
lol who partied hard for cinco? Lol, people party hard on that day! I'm like, "hey, how hard did you party on cinco?" And people say so hard
would be gr8 u guys made it out to the Tyson's Corner VA/Washington DC area #OMGFreeBenJerrys - ppl would love it!!
The Boston Red Sox pitching staff should be collectively hired to pitch at the 2012 Home Run Derby in Kansas City.
#FavoritePlacesToHaveSex.....In a jacuzzi ; )
Got a problem with it? ;-)
#itshardwhen your putting in so much effort and he's not putting in any </3.
Didn't think I could hurt like this :/
Really does not like auditioning at Ripley Greer
are now all TRUE "PAKALITES!!!!!"
I didn't see anyone claim sole arbitership.
did you get the shoes dude?
I prefer dark books, YA can be a bit tame for me ;)
Currently the green card applications from India, Mexico, China and the Philippines are backlogged
I ain't afraid of no ghosts.
Finally of.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
Uh-oh RT : US DOJ announces it has seized $1.5 mil worth of fake sports gear sold online from China.
Yeah, me too. But I don't think that's totally right? Lots of old people use it the same way we do.
O love to see her live in Miami... Excellent!
"Hunger Games" sounds like something I'd love to play right after smoking a fat joint.
We have over 100 silent auction items for our Auction for Action! Come bid next week!!!
why will Facebook not let me update? at least twitter works....
or the UPS guy she dated after Rich Cronin....
Just heard YeahYeahYeah's in an ipad commercial...very sad.
#FirstEdition we're talking #Baseball w/ who got a close look at the #Marlins Aquarium- #OpeningDay highlights next
yes it's in your dropbox
Yes. I have msn. Add me: :D. And any time! Just treating you how you treat me! <33
Boy: I heard you like bad boys ;) Girl: yeah Boy: Well not trying to impress you or anything... but I can swim without floaties.
Discussing social media
Was really more like 15 > RT : Nothing like being tweeted about from 10 feet away!
Thanks. Trying to cope with earlier deadlines, still give news, insights. RT : Love the new format.
I need a job..but there is no point if i leave in June, then come back in August, then leave in August_•_
Tweet, tweet. Not sure how much tweeting I'll do as , I do a lot 4 Thanks for the follow & I may catch on 2 it!
Worst nights, weirdest dreams
auto-correct is like a bad frenemy set up: "omg this word is SO perfect for you."
You're welcome! Have a wonderful weekend!
you betta woke your behind up.
I can't imagine..just think of the things you don't remember HaHa...Actually you remember quiet a lot!! :)
Going to make the first move. You won't know what happen :P
Are cameras allowed at #DenFestishBall?
we will be setting up preorders soon!
WORD! good looks
loll be careful ;)
RT : Come out to Hughes Hall tonight and give us your feedback on what Jazz Club should do for the new year!
Thank you! It would have ment alot to her.
Can we hit 700 followers in the next two hours!!?? Help us please post a tweet about us!
People don't buy what you do they buy why you do it.
Spinning some jazz 2morrow #IntervalMonday at Then more #soul & #funk 45's at 's Q-Ball on Saturday 3/10.
gotta bring your for after !
Its gonna snow today - where that come from
James I couldnt get tickets tonights sold out! I'm the saddest!
The jury has reached a verdict in the sanity phase of the Brendan O'Rourke school shooter case. It will be read at 10:30 in Vista.
feel better!!!
STEM, Language Arts, Health/Citizenship, Programming, Arts
of course I'd never say in public the things we talk about BUT...U KNOW! LOL..got da golden gift of gab
Come see me and a get a relaxing pedi and matching color mani for this beautiful spring weather! Working 2 to 7
#HatsOff good ass game
totally agree .. Almost like spam on
it's Sunday, So no.
hahah I should sleep now .
thanks...im all smiles !
Maybe if you put it that way he would go! :D
that jingle popped in my head right when I said that hah
Mayor Sanders is using his office to drum up support for Jessica Sanchez on American Idol. Press release: "VOTE EARLY, OFTEN."
that guy Ron Ron. SMH.
Hello new followers: ,,,,, Let's tweet again soon!
Shutters aren't just for windows anymore! They can be used as the doors of a closet, or even as a room divider.
so then who do you like better for fantasy? I'm leaning towards McGahee
“: here's to the kids who like being naked.”
which one are you in the picture? lmao.
missing my gurl Like a black gurl miss her weave
since its still may I'm going to give you the 5 de mayo version #cometelo!
Thxs partly 2 a bubble enabled by SEC Modernization of Oil/Gas Reporting 17 CFR Pts 210, 211 MT Chesapeake #Energy Shares Tumbling
Mistranslation of the law excuses no one.
Today seems like a day for Turkey Chili Cheese fries.....
Dumbass at our school, making a fake Facebook and using Austins picture isnt smart. I know who the fuck he is. Thanks
I hope everyone has a merry christmas<3(:
No one seems to know the answer ": What happened to Bryce Harper?"
A simple thought: If ESPN ducked into the 2pm ET hour 3-4X and said "We're trying to confirm Seau reports," no issue. 70-min blackout: issue
Square box. Round pizza. Triangle slices. I'm Confused.
Note to all who are listening. If you advertise a Glamour Makeover in the font Comic Sans, your skills may be questioned.
I'm suppose to be sleeping .___. Wbu?
Downloaded anti-virus update and now my laptop won't start. That doesn't make sense at all.
no prob dude and will do(:
#NP Kid Ink - What I Do
Thanks! Happy you like it. Oregon is a beautiful state we're pretty excited to be a part of.
Can't wait to be helping everybody who loves to
A steady stream of people are taking tours today. Thanks for the support #richmond!!
stopped at the band room but forgot my shit isn't set up.
i should just stop.
the latest class starts at 10 and its only Friday nights! What a sham
So cool! RT : Just finished watching a vey cool Arlon vinyl application demonstration.
he had a seizure… didn't get eaten by a gator haha
Hi Carl--I will email you the info!
RT : Check out Gnomeo and Juliet soundtrack feat. Elton John and I singing new version of Crocodile Rock! I love it!
#BusyMoment...be back!!!
#huntsman looks like a young, cocky Mr. Rogers.
my 4 year old bumps "in ashes" on his iPod, pits and sings the words.
If we take a lesson from the Intertubes, then we should send pictures of cats.
haaha yes. it was cute :p
this picture loraine just sent me asdfghjklzvbx nigga you so BLACK .
I was wondering the same thing. I could barely tell he wasn't wearing them from where I'm sitting!
hey thanks for the follow!! be sure to LIKE us on facebook too! Help spread the BUZZ about JADED! #GETONTHATJADEDTIP <3
Men's Health compiled a Top 100 Smuttiest Cities list. #ABQ was 64th, ahead of St Louis but behind Billings MT. Billings? C'mon ABQ!
or play it safest of all: only pencil, don't press down too hard, or, only write on the outside of the housing!
Just got an email from my teacher saying to bring a "good attitude"... that means were going to do something stupid!
I love me some huggylowdown and Chris Paul. Have fun guys.
I lOve my # Ipod :) of 32 Gb
Mavs still looking to slow skid vs. Lakers
They enjoy thinking. They enjoy being creative. They enjoy having ideas. Most people do not enjoy thinking at all.
Cochella in less than 24 hours
Is going to hear Tim Gunn speak tonight. (^V^)/Make it work!
I hate your life..
Ombrophobia- Fear of rain or of being rained on
to anyone snarking about Obama vacationing, note that all Presidents can handle international affairs even outside of the Oval Office!
Truth! RT There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience. -French proverb
Follow us and RT with hashtag #IwantMyiPad2 for a chance to win a brand new iPad2. 1 888 The Check
Pastor Wingo just gave a shout out to Mr. Toole for his efforts in civics education!
What d'ya mean??? if I'm reading correctly, isn't 7/39 winning? (Well, next to Ron Burgandy? lol)
When I get that I'm a OWN IT!
Today I learned about PBCore, a standard for audio/visual metadata. I WANT TO PLAY WITH IT.
Best meal in Vegas thx for your hospitality!
Wishing all Moms and mother figures a great Mother's Day that's, of course, n-word free! Enjoy!
that's what friends are for! “: Special thank you tweet to for this morning”
Yo the #swagpackage I have varies from day to day. Maybe some lighters, New Eras, a toothbrush, bandanas, a couple hoodies...
Did I share "Movie" on the message? :) Cameras from here to PDX tomorrow :)
#Rockies Brothers uncorks wild pitch. Here comes Apodaca. Game in the balance here.
you in NYC?how long for? I'm in Miami this weekend.
i like your style!
this is what i needed!!! I was just praying asking for his help with temptation.. THANK YOU LORD!!
love when i'm with the family<3
COULD I, MAY I, ET A FOLLOW BAC SO I CAN HIT THE HAYSACK OOHHH
Enjoy your time in Chicago...go ahead and tap those toes!
Register today! It is going to be an unforgettable event! FIRST EVER
Thanks! Those Pluck moms rock. RT : This is refreshing. High-five.
ok I'll put it down. There's a chance we might be on vaca but haven't planned anything yet.
summer:) is it warm in Dubai! X
Staten island we had a blast as usual ! Just downed some steak and shake and finishing the 2 hour drive to our show near FarmVille !
yo home's did you read the play? Is it that bad??? Oh man! Lol ..it sounds better live hahahaha
First Don Cornelius, now Dick Clark! Rest In Peace!
hmph, never saw it like that.
Free Coffee Friday is tomorrow! Man, has this week flown by or what! See us in the morning to get your free boost of energy.
just created a #facebook page for ScanMan!
aw have fun!! take care of my lil sis !!!
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 11
I've got a pork roast in the crock pot today and I'm trying your Kansas City BBQ recipe. It smells great!!
VIDEO: Reggae/Dancehall music dead says Ninjaman : Welcome ...
RT if your a Directioner! I AM..ONE DIRECTION ALL DA Way!(;
You gone learn today lol
As for the endorsements, that's all, folks!
I currently don't have a laptop ):
yeah, stop being racist.
buffalo #sabres second that.
TGIF=Thank God It's Five. I need a drink. Stat!
Big game coming up with leading the Saints against that tough 49er D
Event set up is well underway! Don't forget #innotechatx is tomorrow. Register today at www.innotechaustin.com
Who's hungry? In a hurry? No problem! Great food and lunch time specials nice and quick for your lunch hour - specials till 2pm!
Thanks for your support! Our listeners are still the biggest reason why we can keep doing what we do!
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead. -Bertrand Russell
We're glad you're enjoying it! We like it too!
Ridin the PMS roller coaster today. Sorry to those of you who are forced to ride along with me!!
HOW DARE YOU YELL AT YO COACH.
I'm gonna pray for you until your in my arms
Life is full of the fun kind of irony today.
We're live!
Sunday nite, I purchased a Beddinge for my son. We put it together on Mon 2-27-12. Wood slats all pop off immediately! Unusable!
Of course, the minute I hire a dev? I become some sort of super coding ninja. Not that it'll last long but still...
.: need to go on the offensive. [CISPA protests are still defense--against bad bills]
We get FREEZING winters! Like below -5! And we get HOT summers! In the low 100's! But right now, it is unusually cold.
Im gonna hit the freakin thing with a bat.
No wonder when I typed JamEs Laou into google I got no results...Stupid MTV
My boyfriend doesn't want to talk to me.
Great victory for Celtics over the Hawks! Hope , , and are rooting for the Celtics!
Yes, there are a few Mexicans in Ohio and we banded together to open a restaurant. Hit us up sometime!
RT : RT : 2nite #DRINX Happy hour social at Club 50 at the Viceroy hotel downtown! hosted by
Schwab customer service is terrific. Always someone helpful on the line--even 8 pm on a Sunday. (cc )
Ya take back stab and murder lady luck
good. I hope Barca puts 5 on them now
Met with Cheyenne forfutures meeting as a Coach. It was awesome. I am considering being a Seminar Leader and/or Forum Leaders. Big CH
i miss you to, if there wasn't 93 miles between us then i'd be there in a heartbeat. #loveyoutoo :)
"take a hit of loud n try not to choke" .....I like it...I like your flow and your voice no homo. My new smokin song lol
who you going for?
gotta love it!
don't work to hard. ;)
Damn, I was thinking she was gonna be prettier than me... Lol guess not
girl.. I'd take certain professors 5 times if I could, it would make them really appreciative & happy I think
And that's just the tip of the (shaved) iceberg of awesome!
I got a thing for Robin Thicke<3.
thanks for being a part of it bro, we're stoked to have you play!
Saw a sign that said, "Pregnant? With back pain?!" I thought most people were pregnant with babies. - Sarah K.
Thanks ! Welcome to the FreeHand Corps!
Still working and talking to our candidates about the amazing jobs we have at TRAVAIL Newark. Busy - busy - busy!
RT : Lets go pens!!! Never thought that I would ever b interested. We don't play hockey in the south.
lol. Your comments were quit unnecessary. I guess we can say it was bill's fault haha
Yes very much so. On another note what is up with our NBA teams???? Cant even talk smack when they both have been stinkin.
Sometimes when I'm lonely, I talk to my biceps.
how much should APIs be designed for non-programmers?
Headed back through Houston to NOLA. listening to Willie D.
#FFlyDecade & others will be in attendance...
Thanks for the follow!
This little girl spends all her money on lipgloss and nail polish all the time. * shrugs
Better than a concert by The Silence - you'd just be angry at having wasted money to see a band that never even came on stage!
as the phoenix rises from the ashes so too do we, to spread across the sky our fiery wings. #sfit see you at the dust-up.
was it a good idea to have tweets sent to my phone? lol. she sure does tweet a lot...i guess it could be worse ;p
Dahlia lounge's donuts are so good!
I'm in Las Vegas, NV this week, covering the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners' 26th annual conference for The Clinical Advisor...
our weather is too.....but I'm still going lol
No drama just create
lohh u should not be so damn ugly boy jp
Racism, that's the name of the game. And you couldn't escape that if you was David Blane
#TwSIG Set the style, tone and "brand" your twitter feed. Voice and tone should reflect your brand character. You are publishing content
Well I know a few people who work there and they love it so I'll probably be fine. I've applied so many places I'm desperate
I'm gonna lose it Thursday
I was sneezing earlier, I popped a vitamin C..
I will make sure to next time! ✋
“You can’t get much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good.” - West
Siloam Springs Memorial Hospital Transition
When you love someone, its worth fighting for, no matter what the odds.
- Do you have a facebook page?
Bac to class I go. Hopefully we get out early
One day at a time. One day at a time.
"Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment". Ralph Waldo Emerson
Where's my brother?! I wake up and he's gone TF? Who would wanna kidnap him? Lol oh well (;
michelle didnt remember me.. that bitch!
That boy Say if she wanna tell her man wut tuh do den help him get there....
Junior mining investors should check out Corebox.net, a great tool for visualizing and analyzing drill results.
So was Zoobilee Zoo for Ben Vereen.
Agreed! I'm calling 5-1 on aggregate. RT : This. Is Going. To. Get. Very. Messi.
Lol I was passed out drunk, & he tried to kiss me to wake me up like snow white, or whoever that bitch is.
Metta World Peace is garbage
I've got 21 days to go...22 isn't anything to look forward too, I've peaked...
Our generation DEFINITELY does not appreciate music history half of you don't know what the fuck you're listening to & how it started.
New fave song ...
I'm a dick hole head
It's inconceivable to me that I won't have MY HIGH SCHOOL to go back to visit...once the h.s. goes, weir will die slowly...
#mycrazyobsession Mickey mouse dolls
Trust in GOD Trust in the true Americans & most importantly, trust in yourself. Look around we have everything we need to be successful
Make a Connection it is the key!!! Come follow us on Facebook and Twitter!
I just like to have a little fun is all. ;)
Cleaning my room (:
ha! Awesome! “: Lined up like soldiers of inebriation. #LibationArmy”
I saw an opportunity even in those comedies to begin my project of American films
oh damn How many ordinaries are you gonna do? Hey remember Keep calm and pass the test Keep calm and be SMARTSEXYMOMMA like always
“: This one kid has serious boy band hair.” big time rush hair fo sho
oh my gosh I would love that book too!
So happy I'm at the Cincinnati History Library & Archives...a little role reversal as I get to be the excited researcher
People always say to follow your heart. But what if your heart wants it all? Sigh.
who inspired you to start singing and playing bass or was it more of a self motivation thing??
Thanks so much for following me on Twitter:)
#AmazingRace really proud of KY boys. Did a great job.
A special S/O to today 4 Mother's day. Thank u for all of your great work. Much appreciated by parents, kids & coaches everywhere!
I'm reaching for the knob!!!! Lmbo!
Sullinger needs to stay another season spend most of season in weight room build his strength before taking NBA leap
Any tips on nipping a cold in the bud? Does zinc actually work?
": driving in the rain with my windows down idgaf" atta girl! Good follow on my part lol
The little ones are getting old but the Monster is her same self. She has a Facebook page now. :)
Happy Thanksgiving!
LMAOOO LEGIT THE IRONY IS DRIPPING FROM MY COMPUTER.
I actually plan to do that someday and what's the video idea?
Valley Teen Applications are due (postmarked) today. More info www.valleyleadership.org.
ACC home teams can host on Friday of Thanksgiving wknd. So Clemson, GT, etc can play their rivalry game in ACC Friday slot
RT : I almost have enough votes in Iowa to start a bowling league. #Roementum (you mean "team" - right?)
sure, tell me what your issues are with me, look at my profile, and we'll chat. Is that cool?
hey we need to have drinks when back in town love to talk fashion and friends!!
with Backy's stick after colliding with Backy and losing both sticks!
UWM mobile app will be available for iOS and Android
that wasn't an #earthquake, Chuck Norris was just clapping
Bout to watch this movie n call it a nite.......
I bought a lighter that says: I BROUGHT SEXY BACK. I can't even buy a regular lighter.
Is there a video from last night out yet?
go to Merc.. Heard the food at Tavernita sucks
The main trouble with mental notes is that the ink fades so fast...
Awww! RT : Sitting on Gould plaza reminds me of the last 4 years and now I'm about to cry. NYU I love you!!
got your message....been praying for you. See you tomarrow at 4
LMAO!! Girl you don't do shit to my ass. Lmao!! I love you, I love you, I love you too.
Looks like you can sleep anywhere, Trip!
Just listened to the new blink-182 song "Up All Night" like 15 times. New favorite of course!! Couldn't be happier :)
where are you bringing a homeowner?
damn lol Let me lick u up n down lol #freakme RT : Which Silk song/verse gives u tht special feeling or makes u think...
☼ Success is falling nine times and getting up ten. Jon Bon Jovi
It's a GREAT show! It really is for girls though. I don't think guys get it.
Jared Spool: TSA = Thousands Standing Around (in line, that is)
Hmm. I was on the story page. Still didn't find it.
Steve Turre, "Rainbow People".
YOU just made my night! hope LA is wonderful, visiting ASAP!
Just struggled for far to long to get ketchup out of a bottle. Where is when I need her? Oh..celebrating mother's day :)
don't forget the #95uclachampionship #basketball team. Representing
M not sure- it makes her look more mature but is that the look she wants? Who cares, she is adorable!
Silence seldom satisfies any questions, but sometimes it's the perfect answer...:-)
I loved that you called me buttmunch, nerd alert.
If this purple hair dye doesnt work and it turns out to be an ungodly color, my only responce will be
People are gonna end up getting shot over this OLLG ticket shit. Watch. Justin has some crazy ass fans.
would like more info on the Beaumont, Tx dragging or know where I can go to get info.
Keep dem squares up out ya circle
Loving you feels like a kick in the balls
THE INVESTIGATION OF ARIEL WARNING by Robert Kalich....read it this April! It is going to make a big splash on the literary scene.
I like the idea of the Schnelker Shack.
"Advanced stats? No writer uses these worthless numbers."
"I got my church tongue on!"
Sounds good let's #JAM soon RT Thanks buddy! I'm always ready to
My dream! RT A mango tree in our backyard su.pr/7oNkhK
And even if they disagree, Follow your dreams. If you don't try, you fail.
Today we're talking about bags! What is your fave to lug around: a clutch? a tote? a cross-body? Let us know!
you KNOW ur in boca when they're selling jewelry at the grocery store....
IN Quotes: "A greater intelligence is available to you when you no longer reject, deny, or 'don't want' what is."
Sleeping in my bra. Its fucking hot.
Thank you, Martin!! :))
Exercise a lot and keep your weight down and stay away from junk food and sodas
Hi all! It has been a busy year so far. We are offering all NYU & NYU Alumni, 12% discount on rentals & 8% disc. on car rental service
I see many followers in my email but my following number is not going up. Can you help?
Of course Mark got a bison burger instead.
RT My response to Gary Olson's anti-reform column in the Chronicle: "Serial Concentration is Deep Concentration"
Including that 700,000-row spreadsheet. Yum.
Haha Nightmare and Scream by Avenged Sevenfold describe Sam from Supernatural almost perfect! XD "I'll taste your blood tonight.."
I'm gonna say what's on my mind could give a f**k if you don't like it, Homie I'm just being me!
Got a volleyball tornament this weekend!!!!! FOCUS!!
Revelation: Twitter and Facebook have the capability to make markets more efficient changing the focus on the masses as mkt makers relevant
I love my profile pic
One step closer to you<3
Anyone here can help me followed by austin? :( pls
Sorry to hear about Derek Boogaard... My thoughts and prayers are with his family, teammates and loved ones.
thank you!
haha cuz, it's good shit to knoww, spread the wealth of sexual knowledge!!
and I are on our way to cornwall for a week of relaxation in a quiet fishing village!
Honesty and Integrity in all our dealings is the primary component for the success of Health Insurance of Florida.
#NACUA tip to avoid retaliation complaints: an ounce of prevention goes a long way. Hire the right person in the first place.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. - Chinese Proverb
Started the second book in the Savannah series 2day. Can't decide if I should spend time writing it or promo for first one. Need more time!
I love Joy Division
Super moon < blue moon.
My favorite room in the house is the kitchen. Just wish it was a little bigger :)
That moment when a guy says you look like a Latina Barbie... Lol ok...
best flavor
Procrastination ends when I break everything into a series of little stepping stones and picture myself skipping along them.
RT : Yes! RT : It's official! #Scandal will be returning for a second season!
Uh, you people are fucking weird.
Nelly Furtado - I'm Like A Bird
Effective communication is one of the keys to a successful marriage
Just because I have a lighter doesn't mean that I smoke. Maybe I just like to burn things.
lmao, I hope!
Great day to sit inside and watch hockey playoffs!
I already sent you a message on Facebook few minutes ago.
my skin looks yellow compared to Jeremiah's.
how come you're not here?
Happy Monday Tweeps! Twit pic us your costumes from the weekend at Jillian's/Lucky Strike. We wanna see em!
word fo today iz have faith in wat u do..and it will come true!!`
we need to hangout soon I'm so bored
he used to visit the store I worked in selling his book. He was an awesome story teller.
welcome back to hockey!
Ambient Trance Music none of you know shit bout that
Robin Murray: if we can re-envision cataloging as "registering nodes in a global web of data"
I have no idea.
In case you haven't heard, I've accepted a job as Digital Archivist at the Rockefeller Archives Center. Excited, sad, grateful; all of it.
I'm at a loss for words.
RT : RT : A6: Twitter is the broccoli of social media. You may not like it but it can be good for you.
Lol I just handed my best friend so many dresses but forgot to look at the prices xD
Unashamedly Conservative!! Actually a Right Wing Radical! Oh yeah!!
hope your doing well. This tweet made me think.
Computer World or Man Machine - they're tied in my book!!
Thanks for the RTs! You guys Rock!
Were excited to have you guys!
I understand. I'm a fan of both.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment. Oprah Winfrey
Please put a BLACK person on the set! Siiirrr, a HOME GOING does not mean, "Going To Church!"
All is well my brother..just staying focused. What's good w/you?
Nah haha i'm much to odd, but thank ya girl :D You and yo man be lookin' cute ;))))) I witnessed both your tweets XD
Musashi for dinner..
it's cool, i guess i'll just get ready for work.. :(
This Saturday Woodfish performing at 11am on the Congress Street Stage at the Everything Jersey City Festival.
a man in whom there is little or no guile. very little. virtually none. thanks much!!!!
Never fails. Unearned run scores. Way to get off the bag McGehee.
Wait... HBO is making a movie about Sarah Palin? What the fuck.
The staff, the bag, the feigned inconsequence/ of manner, best bespeak that weapon, self-protectiveness-- MMoore, IN THIS AGE OF HARD TRYING
I see sparks fly whenever you smile :)
me me me me me me plzzz
in my dreams! LOL
U WELCOME
Bout to go hoop on this niggahs lol
raining bo
Tell PETA my mink is draggin' on the floor
I leave my job at the school library to spend too much time and money in a book store...
Okay, guys. Who's the official genius-catcher? Do we need to take shifts? Can't bear the thought I'll miss the best one.
prep for Baguette Day and Galley Chat, plus unexpected wedding invite!
i miss
BIEBER'S b-day is an 7 min
Playwriting class begins with Rich Espey tonight at Center Stage!!!!!!!
Why root against the #Blackhawks best 2nd matchup? VAN or NASH? Give me VAN. Let the hate go.
but it's probably not going to change the meaning to go with the latter, which is style-guide correct
That's a good point. Makes me wonder a lot. I hope so.
If the family were receptive to people coming into their home, I would go that extra mile, but they're suspicious of everything.
So why is it that I get more followers on the days I don't tweet than the days I tweet.
Sad when people think my mom only has one kid. DAVIS. And seriously? I been here longer. What the crap
Which farm are you getting shares from?
How will we ever see I 2 I , if all we do is turn our backs on each other?
Im a young dude but I know a lot about life. And I can tell u this, life is perfectly fine...its only not fair when you submit to rules.
Enjoyed thumbing thru #geowebchat. Definitely gonna hit up some materials from to refresh myself for future discussions
two different super bowl spots by eminem
I wasn't opposed, it was just odd. :)
Sorry to miss you at #asja:
March Madness bro.....March Madness.
it was great! How about yours??
who will be
Address MI...
First day volunteering at NARA--looking forward to taking on some projects!
Arizona is OK with interrogating female employees about contraception
Just left show & Alvin alley! W/ headed 2the next. love #NYFW!
I thought last night's #MadMen was fantastic. The show has veered far from its roots, & it felt like Don realized that last night
Laaan says your being so bad....
if I track the showers can I then approach them and punch them in their rainy faces?
The Salties had a blast at TEDx Columbus today! Our next show is Black Friday at The Woodlands Tavern November 25th!
Time for Power
of course he did <3
I already do! And going to try to get into tonight for that fried milk
From the push of teaching to the pull of learning
I'm still indoors. The weather is getting nice enough to get outside soon. My top has been 34. Still working on to a 55
#newgirlonfox is the funnies show on TV. omg I love it so much.
Check out my demo songs in FL :) I've been missing it dearly ever since switching to mac
The Economic Impact of Raising Taxes on High-Income Households - Huffington Post (blog)
an hour wait for on a Tuesday @ 10 pm? What about some neighborly love for fellow Stanton strs #les ? Cc/
Awesome, congrats on a great looking site. Nice to see more architectural heritage projects using
Retweet if you think the new album "Leaving Eden" is fantastic!
- extremely healthy advance ! See what i mean ?
Burping in the hallways >>>
It's the 11th week of 2012 & I've got 14 real estate sales on the books YTD. I haven't had that average since 2005. Recovery is looming!
Bout to see Tony Allen and Seun Kuti perform! This city is crazy.
Just wanted to say i love you :)
excellent! maybe those guys'll iron their men's wearhouse for a change!!
Really... When did saying "why don't you marry it" ever fall out of fashion?
Even when I have post limit on tumblr, I still don't do homework.
I hate when people make you feel like shit. I.just want today to be over.
lol it wasnt sexual...this time
i would be like kevin!!! Iol.... listening to 1D all day errdayyy lol 
Prosecutor: Love's mouth injuries indicate "she couldn't scream" because #Huguely covered her mouth.
WHAT GOOD MAN IS THIS? jk lol
I feel like u should never b at a bachelor party talking about malbeck
Currently listening to: Eftos - Hoax Universe on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Oversleeping on a Sunday, then waking up to birds singing feels so natural.
It beats "command linen" which I type all too often…
HILARIOUS scene, last night, 6:30 CST: lines of harried-looking men filing in and out of the local grocery store, carrying flowers.
Realizing. I'm an analog-type girl at heart.
i do!
your such an inspiration I love you and your amazing please follow me?? it would mean soo much
um, prop d?
Lol anywhere but here.
i haven't had starbucks in like 3 years...
What are the best areas in Portland to live? Close to downtown?
Happy Anniversary New Mexico! 100 years of enchantment - Life is good here!
Never have I wanted to be able to translate Chinese so bad in my life as when I KNOW my employees are talking shit about me in it.
Dear uterus, please stop hurting.
Mental note--bring posterboard to
YAY!!! Thanks so much!
Grounds for divorce
G+: A new car, clean of all the dirt, wrappers, food and dandruff people left in the old one. Windshields are clean, other drivers friendly.
told you he would notice you :-)
The mind is simply the manifestation of the soul. (1850)
Funny you should mention that, we're trying to teach him! :-)
"You sound weirdly sober scott"
the "Preparing for the Holidays" class tonight has been cancelled. Sorry for any inconvenience. Help is available 24/7 via 1-800-272-3900
doing my nails on a shitty day
Some of "beliebers" are reckless.
hey! Give me a call bro, need to know if you're gonna run again in May!!
Yeah you're right about Pietrus' shooting but he's a great guy. :)
Done fucking with fake people and people that think they shit really don't care ugh
Thanks to everyone who came out to Mikey's in Milwaukee last night ! Total blast
me c:
There's a crazy old lady yelling at everyone. Are you sure I left nyc?
Cooking for the Washington Elementary Pancake Breakfast tomorrow!
Is it too early for a Friday Follow? Oh, what the heck...
RT: RT: S/O to all the fathers out there, and soon to be fathers, it truly is the best feeling in the world everyday
it's just us tonight
Oh yeah, Christine Wise for commercial casting.
Nearly full house at tonite.
Everybody does that *it's Sasha bitch
LoL! Hope you guys had an awesome Easter! :D
#ff thank you for both your professionalism and your friendship When do we start podcasting?
**Golden*** RT : #Rihanna treats music the way Chris Brown treated her.
Happy Easter to everyone in tweetsylvania!!!!
Is it bad that I go to buttercooky on a weekly basis?.
Going to get some ice cream! :D
When you give love, you get love. When you show appreciation you are appreciated. When you sow a seed you reap a harvest. What do you give?
Dear bartenders: you giving me a strong drink is a nice thought and all but I'd like to not be drunk before midnight
Just when you think you have an intelligent and friendly neighbor, he uses a sentence that contains the words "too many Mexicans."
Oh! You're welcome :)
I'm between a rock and a hard cock.
Don't judge me till you know me, don't underestimate me till you challenge me, and don't talk about me until you talk to me.
Puffing on a big fatty....
Yes it has! Definitely time :) “: I need to stop in soon it's been a while!!!”
You have a kid? Whaaaaaa?!
Wow...just found out the building I'm looking at out the window is where Louisa May Alcott lived and is said to have written Little Women!
It's a perfect night for Mumford and Sons
We are in 48hrs film festival Albuquerque, NM
I am pretty sure you wouldn't miss it ;)
Join us tonight at La Pomme say "Neesa" at the door. Find our table for a drink on us. =)
thank you!
David Holdeman on #Yeats tonight at my mum's... And say my glory was I had such friends
im so bored im sick of love song so tired of TEARS
iPod on blast in my ears 🎧🎧🎧 while cleaning up the house for tonight RIP M.........
I dnt care anymore!!!! im gonna fantasize over yhu till i get a retweet,mentioned, or follow...
thanks for the hook up today. Can't wait to get you to the chi
I tweeted last night about one of their parking cops SPEEDING&RUNNING LIGHTS down K ST. NE! DC plate 6772.
you actually STUDY?!?! Imagine saying you want to be respected as a singer but never committing to the study of it! Sigh...
: Turning the page is the best feeling in the world because there's so much more to the book than the page you were stuck on.
Can't wait for this party:D
i miss you!
FORCING myself to call it an early night and get to bed before 4am like last night/this morning. UGH! Sleep Jane...SLEEP!
i'm sick of high school & all the drama that comes along with it too .
I'm still up
animals in the summer=vacuuming eight thousand times a day
vacation is over and now its time for my LAST quarter of
Today is going fast but slow 
Q6: take on things that scare you.
Likewise! Glad we can exchange RTs to help one another.
: Nerd rap: Math city bitch, math math city bitch, math city bitch, math math city bitch, 10,10,10 and 20 equals 50 bitch.
continues to surprise me :)
i'm waiting for 2 years for u to follow me! <33
Hope my BF doesn't pull an Amy Chua and throw my Valentine back in my face and tell me he expected "more effort"
you guys better bring back the trivia W tonight!
shit still fuck up form last night .my dam head hurt
Curt never had anyone accuse him of using PED's at all, he pitched against juiced hitters and dominated....HOF
Great article! Best of luck in your new venture!
CUTE TWEET EMMS
HEY! Go follow these awesome bands!
Looked up and noticed something GROWING out of my gutters. Guess what I'm doing this morning. #SundayFunday ?
loll love you to
Ooh. Just saw my first Pure Michigan commercial of the season.
Do you focus on a healthy lifestyle? How do you achieve it?
Is there a way to see a list of people your following but are not following You??
S/o 2 #McDonalds for the 2 filet-o-fish meal deal!
There is strife, mortal strife, with wooden men & passionless queens & unfrocked bishops, but gambling entereth not.
ahhaha that's good! I enjoy being associated with
oops... we intended for our half-off album sale to end tonight at midnight, but albums went back to full price LAST night at midnight.(cont)
love your blog!!!
can someone tell me if they figure out a way to vote a presidential election in this country without voting for an asshole.
Now for a second run at the daily highs without Mr Tech. Amazing. There are some big hits on the NASDAQ
Just sent you an urgent email request. Please check when you can!!
Does it come in grape?
getting ready to work on artwork.
nothing left to do but smile, smile, smile!!!! (Hee Hee)
What to spend my money on...
i would love to kiss you for free if you want me too please
#SignsAPersonCan'tCook--> How do you turn on the stove? - ___ -
Save me from you!
Working on this new design for our apparel.. Taking an idea in my head and putting it down on paper with our graphics genious is always fun
IF YOUR NOT WATCHIN BGC ON MONDAYS, THAN YOUR PROBABLY WATCHING FOOTBALL...
If I lived in NO I'd be there in a heartbeat. Enjoy your lunch. FYI - They have Jimmy Johns in Seattle too...If you're in town.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." Henry David Thoreau
next years is come to sxsw and #fuckthebadge. Hang out in coffee shops and meet real people
Omw to school.getting Troy prom ticket today oh yah and btw we get out at 945
: truthful. I am the only person to whom this conversation matters.
Spain menu, shrimp/tomato jam, rabbit terrine/serrano ham, white gazpacho, fennel manchego salad. Entree to follow
what are you sorry for? I just didn't understand what you sent me earlier so I asked, "what?"
RT : i saw better debate than this last wknd in the basement of BuyBuyBaby
you're awesome :) Thank you!
They're cloves!
new playlist and everything !
#RIP #MauriceSendak :( You'll always be a part of my childhood.
what is up with that? Staying in Cincy? DO NOT MISS Montgomery Inn Ribs - best ever! We actually ship them.yum.
Let's go HEAT!
Check out the resources listed on this page for tips on how to use LinkedIn for business and marketing
Have a great day!! :)
nobody's perfect. you want someone perfect, but who is?
Did someone get Jayson Nix a security detail cause I would
for all you bud light platinum drinkers.. piss in a bottle and drink it... it will taste the same.. maybe better.
Greatness is a choice which is why not everyone attains it. - David Anderson
Most of you are familiar with U-shaped pillows. Have you heard about Heart shaped pillow to avoid neck pains?
Our new library festivities are complete. Yes! Building/equipping/staffing school libraries still a priority? Yes!
better to show up at 9pm when the screening starts
thank u lol
EVERYTHING IS BEAUTIFUL AND NOTHING HURTS.
Located on Asia Trail, this otter exhibit is one of the largest in the nation!
you loved them
Where have you been all my life -life -life -life
Btw, if you wouldn't mind reviewing Springpad in the app store or Android marketplace, that would be awesome!!
i'm henry, a library student at
I want a puppy!
Beacon Hill is made up of mostly democrats. Is one party rule a problem in #mapoli? Does it contribute to our #corruptionrisk?
After our tangent, our professor started lecturing like he was double-parked.
Thanks Looking forward to your tweets! :)
I decided long ago, never to walk in anyone's shadow,if I fail if I succeed at least I did as I believe - Whitney Houston RIP we'll miss you
Huckabee , who claims to represent Jesus, Implies Link Between Gay Marriage And Broken Homes,
Out shopping :D rawrrrrr :D
I WANT TO KNOW
Back to back solid starts from and down in WV. Definitely nice to see.
I'll have to go check it out, and maybe grab a skinny triple venti macciato
yes. we were so young and thick-headed. and possessing unsophisticated technology. but g-s-h, timeless.
It is my pleasure. Steamy in Chgo...thought of you with our humidity. Happy hopeful day to you.
Wonder how many parallels there are between Broadway vs. Cirque and Droid vs iPhone
at a friends house
Ugh! Ran kings full into quads in omaha. I think I paid off one too many bets. 20k now at 2/4 limits.
Hahah preferably not at a place where groping is socially acceptable. Yes! Let's do it!
I'd first want to figure out how/if it relates to DICOM.
Yeah I've done things I'm not proud of, but I've changed since then.
Make sure to like our page on Facebook!! Thanks for the support!
If someone's dumb enough to walk away, be smart enough to let them go.
man... then like hmm i have no clue i would have to be over to come up with ideas lmfao
When am I gonna learn to never say "I think I'm gonna make it an early night."
So happy and proud of a certain client who is making huge progress!!!!!!
I succumb to peer pressure FAR too easily lol. Sigh.
This past weekend has killed me .
you are a horrible person!!!
Gonna b a lot of great boxing and UFC fights tmrw. Imma have to figure out how to watch the Mayweather vs Cotto while being at the UFC fight
Keep up the solid work on i2k. Loving these articles!
what are you guys up to after that
TODAY will be at the Vendor's Village in the parking lot of the East Bay Church, 4130 Telegraph Avenue. Pick up your BESTO PESTO!
Billick asks "How does the mission statement affect the workforce?" great concept
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 53
"Slogging" is a word we don't hear often enough.
I just heard the cutest song... It's sang by Lena Horne (among others) called "Deed I Do". It's so pretty!
Yes mam! All day!!
Just saw the email -- congrats on NMRT!
