NOT Every One Is What You May THink They ARE And Had TO Learn That THe Hard Way And I am Sick Of THIs :(
”Choreography is simpler than you think. Just go and do, and don't think so much about it. Just make something interesting.” - Balanchine
can't do that in Gmail. But at 8gb I only just ran into problems now (7 yrs later)
So did I:D
I am A Local Biz owner 4 Celestial Winds Massage. My Love for Therapeutic healing for people that R N need of a pain free life & feeling.
#good4you people in NY for #winning the Mega Millions...Can one of you give me about 2.4M? Just asking!!!!!
and i agree with gasto,, next yr would increase his chances big time, he would at least be on a mock draft
delivered in 14 minutes!
Car crash on northbound I-225 just south of I-70. Rescuers en route.
Minnetonka Urban FUN - wine, appetizers, door prizes. Raise Your Glass for a ClearCause. See You Thursday March 1 6PM at Spasso Restaurant …
Check us out!! Ready to meet your logo and design needs. www.Wolfeyedesigns.com
yeaa I know! It been over like a year.
~When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show lif that you have a thousand reasons to smile~
I hate that i love you.
Good song RT : #np luke bryan "someone else calling you baby"
We will start taking guesses for next Friday's league all week, don't forget to throw in your guess!
Up and at em! It's time to get things done today!!
Roger just thought my entire body was a scratching post.
Oh Harry you were too perfect
Q5: I use mine more in fall & winter. Though #slowcookers are good alternative to oven in summer, which makes my condo hot!
half way to Miami! (:
Is your dj this evening at Area 31...16th floor terrace at the EPIC Hotel!
thanks for following! Much appreciated...
your funny
love it. I vote #Fridayonafriday replaces
unfortunately yes. something went really wrong with our mailing system last night. we think it's fixed now. apologies.
I got massive home work 📝📖
Though the case could be made that the movie Battleship proves we fail as a species.
The article credits P. de Montebello as saying the public has more smarts than people credit it with, an opinion I now strain to recall.
: Quilombo 4 reggae night tonight in boulder...very talented group! 10pm good beer too!
Kobe is proving why he's still the best player in the league.
A St. Patrick's wedding, a stop by the lake front, 5 West Allis bars with new friends plus a delish St. Patty's day meal make a great day!
we launched taxes today! It's now or never!
Just saw your newest blog post! Welcome back to the States! :D
Walking to haylieghs house stepping on a dirty sock on the Sidewalk YOLO!(-;
Congratulations to for registering to vote for the first time ever on May 8th!
There aren't words to describe how much I love you. You'll always be my idol and my #1!! :) <3 <3 <3 please follow me! :)
Do yourself a favor and listen to You Made it Weird by the hilarious I need someone to say #keepitcrispy to. Oh its funny also
Hi to
This could get embarrassing
He is VERY tiny. Just a couple of pounds, only around 8 weeks old.
you never will notice my tweets but I <3 ur amazing and mu hero and my world please make my wish came true and follow me <3333
Childhood is what you spend the rest of your life trying to overcome.
Know this, #futurefood on Planet Green, is gonna rock!
I freaking hate rain to.
What a great gig! A 'Beer Vending Machine' Now that's on my
haha it's cool:) you should post parts more often tho!
What a quality film. Have the monkey's come out yet????
RT : #SNPlayoffs. #NHL Dale Hunter #Caps coach will step down @ noon today.
The #nyrangers are making me crazy.
Thanks for helping this week at the Mission! You ROCK!
joins a frat
I use it in buktooth loop midscreen combos. =]
OH and i kinda sorta set up my flickr lol.. its on my pg; add me! :D
Who wants to drop out of school and run away with me?
Heard the news is on channels television, pls if u hav electricity, tune in n confirm for us abeg
Always enjoy watching u call a game but this one's hard to watch w/ ESPN's technical problems
Curbs, huh? ;) Tilting the passenger's rear view mirror helps, you know. ;)
Happy Friday every one
Haha I'll keep that in mind.
Nick for one of my civilization I named it ICOnic Land and each of the boyz had a city and out motto was Be ICONic
finally up, thanks again
Never burp with a scarf around your mouth.
Im Stoned!!
I AM drinking ****** merlot! (And we have a great selection.)
thank you apartment above me for clogging your sink and letting it flood into my apartment and shattering my light...cool saturday night.
enough faith for a 4th quarter 22 point comeback? Lol. Everyone besides Kobe is afraid to shoot
Great jazz night at ! Can't wait to be back :)
Most of Disney Channel auditions: "Can you sing or act?" "Uh, no." "Perfect, you got the job"
Kjersten Rossi! You are a true revolutionary! Thank you for beliving in us and for being so supportive! Love you!!!
fucken double hot
Is it possible to set a setting to render all notes as markdown by default
I don't like it either. Makes me uncomfortable. Wonder why so many speakers do it then...
I love Ellen!
hope all is well. Call me when you get back it town.
you must have had kind, conscientious mothers...my mom would never pretend to like my haircut!
Don't even know what to say. Steve Jobs left his mark, and I am glad to have been touched by his genius.
People that act all hard and badass on twitter, but in person it's a whole different ballgame.
Why is it so much Royal Wedding mania????
check out theJesuit Journals series I did this semester for the and
Have to admit, my followers are pretty slick! U make it hard for me to be #bitchessa but I find a way ;) Always seek new horizons! xoxo
This is...DUBSTEP!! we
I can't wait for this movie to come out!
SF Hillel smells of freshly baked Challot. Students organizing Challa 4 Hunger. Raising money for Sudan Relief + Gulf Coast. Shabbat Shalom.
#What2ChainzWouldSay 2Chains is 2 Hard..Discover, Visa, n BlackCard. I'll take ya girl, mess up ya world, now u Sick...about to HURL!!
Curling my hair tmrw 
What the F is wrong with ppl :-/
Finishing the drive back with some Blink 182. would appreciate this.
if you feel beautiful.. you are beautiful
I guess I should blame myself, but I would rather blame the chicken :)
Liz: Who are you to talk? You French-Canadian kissed her mother, which is my name for French kissing when it bums everyone else out.
I shall try!
Dear : your profile jpeg doesn't do you justice.Following U, & I'll buy your "After" book when it's back on Amazon, 2.
No USC Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thurday due to construction
Keep running. no more run in u. walk...then crawl....then u roll..but u never give up... JUST WASNT MY TIME
he was a fantastic date :)
YOU CRAZY BASTERD
I tried to told em. Lol
When Brutus speaks, he starts with Friends, Countrymen & Lovers.
sweet tat bro.
Almonds are rich in zinc, selenium and vitamin E which are important for sexual health and reproduction. In Bulk as Raw, Dry Rstd. & Tamari!
i know...it's a shame they're gone - i just emailed and asked for them to come back
sweet yea for sure.. you let me know when you'll be training
maybe a little red too. It's for the holidays after all.
Read about you in people magazine Hope you are feeling better. Take good care of yourself. ;)
Dosha Salon Spa in Portland Oregon would LOVE to do make up and hair for Grimm in Portland Oregon! We LOVE YOUR SHOW!
Its Friday the 13th
I didn't even watch the #phillies after seeing the comments on twitter last night.
Ikno my jazzy pooh mad at me igotta make it up 2 her
Interesting. It seems smart to focus on a combo.
I knew McLuhan would be next
The heaters are def. fixed at down dog geogretown. Great session.
This is a concept that defines the aspects of what makes an actor great and gives him or her a way to mastering the craft....
Hey bros and sisters.. who's going to the Dells on Saturday?
Solving them murders on L.A. Noire ..👮
Big Discounted Canon Powershot A2200 for Sale. Best Price Canon Powershot A2200 on Sale. Best Discount Canon Powershot A2200 For Sale. Free
$39 prescription glasses via rx2you.com
That'd be Greek mousse cake not mouse, silly autocorrect.
Don't forget to include contact details - bulk orders are always great to have!
Being up dis early feel like a nigga back in school or sum
Even though the Red Sox are off, I can't believe I'm spending another night watching a group of 9 incompetents.
a friend convinced me to go with the 15". Next on the list is a mini to go with the forthcoming new tv. This shit is sweet!
I am so with you on this lol ": I Am Gonna Start To Unfollow ppl That Say Free Lil Boosie.."
Snow days are fun. Until they start messing with my plans for dinner out and with my flight to Texas.
Just really enjoyed my first experience. Full does not describe this feeling.
“I like #nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. #Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.” ~
omg i really want to be famous .
i will be on my way to NYC tomorrow at this time... it can not come soon enough!
Check out amazing pictures of recent wedding receptions on www.californos.com; Great ideas like how to make your own vases for your flowers!
Joe, you are very sweet!
Hello Alexis...It began in mystery, and it will end in mystery. Thank you to follow me! Have a great week end!
Rocking the mobile broadband!
The Buckhorn Baths takes center stage tomorrow morning when KTAR News/Talk radio-92.3FM highlights Mesa's plan to acquire the historic site.
Well Since we beat OU last night , my weekend feels like a success and i dont care about HW anymore
yeah nothing says ultimate comfort like concrete.
what if no one shows up at a book signing?
Don't like the drink tax? Better vote for County Executive today. Your vote matters.
"liike for a pictuh ;D "no , no one wants a slutty photo of you on their wall
Pure seduction<3 love it !
Just so stunned that at 47 yrs old Adam "MCA" Yauch of the Beastie Boys is dead. So sad. Impacted so many of us w/ his music over the yrs
: thank you muchly. So great to have your support. :)
I second that yum!
The last winner of Guy & Eva Pays Your Bills will be announced today! Will you be the lucky winner? Stay tuned!
awh thanks girl (: so are you <3
If she had asked me yesterday or this morning maybe even around 1 I would've said yes so I could've gotten my clothes ready.
Jam Session at the Falls tomorrow night! 626 S. Spring St. Downtown LA Come out and jam with us!
and are the greatest people ever!
;) see u on facebook
UCLA=GAY
Its okay. I still havent seen it. Let me know how it is!!
see you sunday RT : Super #fun sesh Palmer Building Hollywood!! #looking+liking 
"I'm excited".....like Tebow
m I haven't had that in legit a year.
ron metta whatever is a punk. i feel like he shoulda graduated from UK.
Thanks for the retweet! We can't wait to see your show in September!
Ima hell of a drinker and a bit of a smoker
What may matter to one doesn't always matter to some. But as long as one has their fun then their concerns should be none.
Go go going to my sisters soccer game tonight
good thing you were in Ft. Worth.
Come enjoy our Southern Hospitality!!!
Good morning:)Gretchen,looking smokin in her Red Dress this morning
Stay strong everyday my love :( <3
Do you exist?
Love your site and amazing desgins!
lol o! Ok:} can i have a hint lol
Yes! I agree what you say!
It's like the off-brand Viagra marketers knew I turned 30 or something
i am in the same boat. ugh.
Glad you got it! Had to let you know I was thinking of you. =D
Happy thanksgiving! Nice meal at boudro's on riverwalk wth Nicoleanf now couch for day watching football!
Cool - I have to check out some info on the event. Thanks!
Mother's Day 2morrow show the Mother's u know Some Love
Can't stop sneezing Need more energy How about more sleep Afraid to take pills? www.joinme.cieaura.com feel better.
Someone once said: "There is no private reconciliation with God as long as relationships with men are not right as we can make them."
About to Start My Last Teen Years
#God forgive me but I don't get men who have #titties unless ur #transgender or #crossdressin. Just a thought
Hey girl, text me
Then I will stab you. With a knife.
My savior, he can move the mountains. My God is mighty to save.
Wow, that D is really Tenacious
Client is headed back out to Seattle for another year.
Working on a brochure for Biz Kid$ Real. Just wish I was feeling creative right now!
Read that Dr. Bronner's article too. I like when odd & kooky wins.
Gotta LOVE Luci Boutique! Its awesome! Thanks for the mention! www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com
OUT of your TWEETS and INTO the STREETS!
You care? Show it.
Oh christianity, you would, wouldn't you. You would take the one day when your Jesus suffered in agony, and the call it "good Friday."
If Browns are really considering trading up, then they fell into the Vikes' bluff.
For that matter, the English 304 director who mandated the book didn't know about rental option til I showed him.
i'll check it out! thanks for the submission to
wow that is an incredible amount of bad swings
concert... umm hurry up and start
Why do I even check my phone anymore? Never any text messages.
Rhymes too, which is always a win.
Going to Newport, RI to photograph that wonderful port city. Exhibit of photographs at Isherwood Gallery in Newport: September .
Follow my funny BFF because he's dying. Drs diagnosed death by autoerotic asphyxiation in a Marshalls fitting room at 87.
Talk about coming home and jumping right into the fire… all good though.
I heard you found a VEGAN place in the SF Mall Food court-That's the first one I hear of!
Why choose Linton & Assoc? Because we are locally owned & deeply involved with the ever changing needs of New Mexico companies.
: How can one go to sleep following the #KentuckyIndiana game? Wow! // Shoo! I'm worn out, Marc.
Just wrapped up my first MFA class, Literary Editing and Publishing. I'm actually sad to see the semester end.
they always end up hollerin eventually
DM me your contact info and I'll send you a confirmation email for the free commercial class on Wednesday
Celebrate Small Business Saturday! Get a free small two-topping pizza when you buy a large Austin's Original! #ShoppingSmall (11/26 only)
Also wondering at what point I should fire up my central A/C. My thermostat has read 80 degrees the past two days.
I think Britney Spears deserved that award so much.After everything she has been through and the comeback she has made.. WOW
Nosey an messy ass people yall some serious
Break time with over. MOAR COFFEE obtained. Epic work catchup resumed!
Be the snowball, roll to gain mass and speed
I never namedrop but #bass & #guitar players may dig that the legendary Vernon Reid of bought one of my
Haha! I literally need to sell the exact same desk before we move. Where are you guys moving to?
"All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
I Had 10 Cookies Someone Asked For One ... Guess How Many Cookies I Have Left ... YUP Thats Right 10
#BullsNation I'm not gonna sugar coat anything here, it's inevitable the playoff run is ending real soon. What changes should be made now?
The SOURCE is very excited to be attending the Addy Awards tomorrow night! Cross your fingers that we win!!
Whoever said that a 19-year old child couldn't exist hasn't met me yet.
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way. Henry David Thoreau
plating with rose gold today!
#pdxtechies Is there a big data, data analysis, BI meetup or group in Portland? Would be interested in attending.
sweet dreams and pink ice-creams ♥
my ace..
I cried when I baught #Drakes Take Care album!
Sounds amazing! MT : Wine & snacks south of lake. Band on & they sound great
aight donnie im bout to get up outta here.
So hard to focus on school with spring break right around the corner....
that was in my commentators voice ^.^
Chill bro bro lmfao
maybe tweet the stations you're going on & have radio station RT u?
#threehours hurry up. I'm over work.
i really don't care that it's friday the 13th. shut up.
after some googles, the answer became evident: LAMP on VirtualBox.
Why do boys not take care of their kids ? Its more attractive if u take care of ur shit then just leave it. Step up.
“If you can dream it, you can do it. Always remember that this whole thing was started with a dream and a mouse.” Walt Disney
I wish I had a guy bestfriend in real life, I always feel lonely when I see bestfriends.
Vikings released Ryan Longwell.... I knew something was up when they drafted a kicker. Smh
My day
no jerk hahaha just basically in love
My sister officially hates me and wants nothing to do with me, and I can't stop crying.......FML
Oh yeah I'm sure gonna try. I bet might be there too! #pugs rule
get my Thor costume ready
lol I'll make u speak English
Congrats you won 2 tix to the Comedy Show, "Big Bully" which is at the Odd Duck Studio every 3rd Sunday! cc:
Don't get so caught up in busyness that you don't handle your business.
Hell yeah, dirty baby, ghetto girl you drive me crazy..
Thank you!
Great! Appreciate your feedback on the new layout. Have a blessed day. ^staff
Wow, well, enjoy (the weather, not the lugging around of unnecessary rain gear)!
Can Archaeology Contribute To Social Science?
#reasonsicantwaitforHK Mentholatum products are so much better from Asia
nf , follow back (:
right next to you weirdo :) RT where are you!?:o
I've been the nice guy long enough to know it fucks you over in the end.
No :( have extra fun for me though babygrl! show everyone that LADIES are sick music promoters too!
Notre dame for some reason is giving up layups for 3 more seconds and a foul. Stupid
If you're faking it, you're not making it. -
Look at what you could've had, look at what you'll never get!
“Self-sabotage is when we say we want something and then go about making sure it doesn't happen.”
follow me if you think #BOYFRIEND is gonna be the best song EVER!!! i will follow u back
The best place to find a boyfriend is in gamestop.
I hate how style that woulda been called "gay" two years ago suddenly becomes cool just cause someone famous wears it....
Is Rondo the best player on the Celtics? They looked bad without them.
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 13
RT : Remember that marriage is a covenant, not a contract!
Wow. Looking forward to your write up for SI. Always great to see track get great coverage. Enjoy your pieces a lot.
that wasn't even necessary..wtf is you problem?
Yes actually when I listen to the albums they make me feel better about myself and they are saying don't be someone else!!!!
AUSTIN YOUR NUMBER 1 MOST SUBSCRIBED ON KEEK! OUT OF A 100 MOST SUBSCRIBED PEOPLE! #PROUDMOMENT :D
Just saw and met Victoria Moran, author of Main Street Vegan. Promises to be a great read. She was such a great person, too!
Reading "Kellogg on Marketing-2nd Ed." while enjoying a grande vanilla americano
Just started really watching and love it.
What is your favorite race of all time?
Talking to director of Spider-Man this a.m. I know what I want to ask. What would you like to know?
the maine is all over my dash rn i'm going to go into cardiac arrest
You know I just learned that "Smh" stands for "shaking my head"!... Can't keep with txt lango
OMG, I just found some more of those $2 packs of extra long Twizzlers. Heaven.
great show last night!
#reasonsToWorkOut to stay alive longer
Hey, so i'm writing a book about you..i would LOVE to do an interview with you, im half way done PLEASE let me no wut u thin
where and doing ?
I had it on 8.. 😓 I was suppose to get off at 3.. But ended up tryin to race this meathead dude next to me.. Smh
Have you checked out 's music? She was an idol finalist!
That LinkedIn! It has strange rules!
Where they do that at ;
Home Sweet Home:)
Your video made my week- it was so sweet of u and I hope u never stop being a fan of me- I cannot do this without u :)
The rookies , and putting some serious work today.
Just finished a spicy dog from Now ready for upcoming #TED talks this afternoon from both and
Tomorrow is my final day of #teaching for the spring semester
Bo, that's so disappointing!
congrats Mark on an awesome start to 2011. Look forward to seeing you compete in the majors
I'm beginning to curse the fact I have to get up super early
I want to meet One Direction so badly Their music is awesome and they are all cute and funny :)
10 more days till Avengers!!!!! :O
Not sure about Aspirin as cure 2 all known disease but try DayQuil- crikey Bobs it puts hairs on yer chest! Think they changed the receipe?!
Dominos pizza you're my best friend tonight.
damn,got river raped again. i love poker,i think.
Classic Baron-decides-to-play situation tonight vs old team.
Had tix 4 2nites but stayed hm 2 watch my sick cat. :( Will watch on TV if pwr dont go out.
Cross-marketing idea #253: Sell books along with comfy pajamas.
thanks for the heads up!
Need a break from FB;) account deactivated. I miss real world life without social networks;)
LAUNCH DAY!
#PalmBchPowerPartners Breakfast. Come.Get.Grow.Go Todays topic the power of giving. Social Resoponsibility for your business. 8am 4047OkeeBl
It seems hard to do but all you need are connections to the right people and a folder.
Yep, as is U of Houston to coincide with their move from C-USA to the Big East. It can be done. Gotta think big though...
Usain Bolt dumped his girlfriend. Apparently, she couldn't keep up with him. Sorry, it's a running joke.
he is tho! Relatable, blue collar - not to be too cynical but what brand wouldn't want that? Dude is a walking USA apple pie
Have you read the pieces? The headlines are provocative but I don't think the articles are unfair.
So excited for in #NYC!!
I'm starting to see that a lot of your talk is funded by british gas
Love takes its chances and leaves answers that we don't understand.
lol- so, autocorrect on i-phone put two schools on lockdown. I feel better about my texting now. lol
not being able to get out of my queen size bed because its soo cozy and warm is making me late for breakfast
Health care vote coming up - Pelosi talking on C-SPAN - i'm getting excited
Signs of spiritual synchronicity sing softly in the season of silence & in the dark nights...trust the journey, trust yourself, & trust God.
depends on how much Parise wants
Come down & see tomorrow 8-10pm with the Kahlua Snoriders giving away some awesome prizes! Bretton Woods
Why did I pick an 830 class again?
"Worst they can say is 'No'.....then you punch 'em in they got damn face"
I remember this, Wow..truly a CLASSIC!
- Spa-gay-cun. Duh.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe That as soon as you think you're important, you're not.
saw bizarre 5-way $1500 each preflop hand, 1 guy all-in, board runs out backdoor spades, j river, guy bets 1500 on river wins AK hi, 77folds
in DC this weekend
do you guys have any beers in stock? Boont, Hop Ottin or Summer Solstice.
Currently listening to: Sayonara - Ganesh on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Nothing like a nice cup of tea to give you that motivation you need for a Friday!
lmao lynn is so scary lmao
Not right BPM RT : Thanks a lot Aaron Rodgers. Now is playing Boyz II Men over the Derby coverage.
RT : A. Lee Martinez () offers up some advice on writing and the importance of voice in a new video blog...
Scooby and Shaggy have terrible traction on their feet
Do you know lots about the iphone world?
A man and his quest for Huitlacoche.
but you're a Mets fan. Who do you think would be the first team relegated?
Twitter is a dangerous thing if your not paying attention to who your texting..... Ugh!
Everybody deserves A second chance . {:
- Thank you for the RT, #Pittsburgh friends!
8 years for us no flaws from uninoc. so you'll now ask "what are flaws"
Thanks! We'll miss the 'hood too.
Titanic is a ship, not a boat. Wrong Barkley wrong
Nice shout-out to our own Matt Kemple (also of ) in the new - check out p. 30!
Check out this very special episode as we announce our top voted 2009 Viewers Choice Award Winners! This Sunday (1/31/10) at 6:00pm on KRON4
Have courage to ask your #business team for feedback on you. Accept it with humility and grace, their perception is your reality.
Mac and cheese from goodtastes, a great way to start your day. It's a local company too....try it , youll love it
RT if you want a follow back!
First sighting. Seth Rogan.
Our next big-seller out this month: Chinapedia. All you need to know about China: 1 book! Enrich Professional Publishing: Eye on New China
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy.
P.S. Ben, wash your hair.
“: Yee! We goin IN! #TeamWeOutChea#” yea bro we getting it in once again!
Thanks to Black Hole for providing coffee at our annual plant sale this year...March 24th!! It's on!
“: As you grow you will outgrow people. For some of you It will hurt, but know that loose ends will stunt your growth..” truth
A big congrats to YOU too!!
"Maybe there's no hope. Maybe some people just aren't meant to be happy."
I'm in biology class for the first time this month smh. I wonder if she notice I was not here?
Excellent #CIO closing keynote #FEDUC by Bill Smith for #GIS as a multi-mission agency #EA architecture & common operating pict
late 70s my 9th grd science teacher returned from a conf and said in 10yrs all classrooms would have a computer
Any new birth to 3 SLP's in the group??
hey everyone down here in TEXAS in so excited for the conceret tonight :D cuz down here we texans go BIG!!!! <3
Book Of Love-Peter Gabriel
Ugh my cousin has this song in which they take the Bittersweet Symphony beat and sing over it. Fucking lame!
Bitch who's shirt chu got on look like somebody wiped they ass wit it #DirtyShirt wearin ass bitch
great meeting you guys last night & !
Shabazz is gonna run that show.
I just watched the #smash season finale. OMG shit got reaal
Our cooler is full and we are ready to assist! Flowers and Fabulous gifts are in abundance! Come see us!
I support same sex marriage. Although my preference is a man with a women
just ordered my #vaccine exemption form. i love texas.
Drinking a daily cup of Tea will surely starve the apothecary. ~Chinese Proverb
Er'body wonna be the Boss
im waiting on you
": you were great!" thanks! I was proud to be in the company of these panelists and this audience.
Why try to set my farts on fire -.-
You can have whatever you're willing to struggle for.
Beck - Orphans - 07:58 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
A gurl wit #NO ass jus look #WEIRD too
I miss u though
Lol lil wayne is gay now??
It will be a great help to many families once it's up and running.
Think I'll hold out for the Flamelight Torch Knife w/acid spew attachment.
And the 12 mile ride home fromthe #mnstatefair begins.
Doctors say I'm the illest cause I'm sufferin from realness
Thanks, it was magical! How have you been?
amazing. i once reviewed a paper for a scientific journal and found an entire introduction section plagiarized.
Wishing everyone a productive Monday!
ughh, so frustrating:/
When life throws you lemons... Make pink lemonade!!
“: "We live in a fantasy world, a world of illusion. The great task in life is to find reality." – Iris Murdoch #LoveScopes ♥”
": why not just make it im a 10? Why make people do unnessesary math?" then people would think I'm cocky duhh
you've got enough on ur own plate...keep ur grubby finers outta mine!
you have swag all you need is a snapback <3
OS X Lion is a pretty terrible release, but the new Mail.app is amazing!
I'm tweeting.
Transformers Remix and Father's Day Custom and Micro Beds are up now!
"Will cocktails pull one through to the end of the season?"- Cecil Beaton. For Portland that would be 'rainy' season.
I was there too! It was a great show
#DCSong RT A few thoughts: Stones: Satisfaction; Fleetwood Mac: Don't Stop; Chuck Berry: back in the U.S.A.
Loving my straight hair this morning, but anxiously waiting to wash it and get those curls back. Appreciating my natural hair today.
Thanks Bro will do.
Book a *STAR* for your next event. Send name, date, city, state, venue, capacity, and budget to
How You Know Mhe Butd Ion Know Ya.,? I Need Some Answers Riight Noww!!!
I like how there's a quill on the button that let's you tweet. I can just imagine with a feather pen and parchment scribing
cam is overrated! 4-8 isn't an amazing quarterback! I'm not impressed.
Need something to do on Saturday? Come to Make Your Own Late Night for crafts and special live performances!
It's the age-old rivalry Packers-Bears....wait, what?
Hey you!
I wish you guys would follow me :)
Apply foundation up 2 ur lash line & pat concealer on inside corners of the eye.Line & mascara top lashes only 2 give the illusion of sleep!
I didn't think a tweet about your shitty android deserved to be shortened
lmao! I'm rubbing off on her! I shoulda lied about the test thing!
twitter is my excuse to talk to myself
Semi-productive day. Time to conclude the week and start another with a little worship at
laying in bed chillin
In a great mood:) woke up and listened to :) <3
I used to live in AZ myself. Miss it desperately, I envy you!
That Beddroc workout plan is no joke!
That's what I was thinking. Appreciate the help. Still tangled up in work as far as you know for the season opener?
That one song that always reminds you of someone from your past<<<<<<
Bagel Bobs killin it right now
When Life Sux lemons add the grain of salt & tequila for the Good life.~ Lisa Morgan
I personally would LOVE to have my dog at work with me!
Not looking forward to the game tonight.
Who is ready for happy hour? We ARE!
Few people are still in it to win it.
Happy 4th of July! Have a great day! BBQ, hang out by the pool, have some cervesas, and watch some fireworks...what a day!
“ if I jut got paid, & ur w/me... theres a 99% chance were getting drunk. The other 1% is me dropping u off homie”
We had a great time last night, what a great lineup of companies! Can't wait to see the video!
My neck hurts from reading too much today. I've scored a reading injury.
Lol Also Amazing :)
I don't know how I feel about being included in this conversation...
“: Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday” I know my kingdom awaits and he's forgiven my mistakes #MyFavorite song
*thinking* hm I want to change my profile pic. *looking through pics* ugly ugly ugly *thinking* wow I suddenly like the one I have.
Athens tonight at Casa with sassafraz! Music starts at ten, $5 cover, good times guaranteed!
RT : If it's a good idea, go ahead and do it. It's much easier to apologize than it is to get permission. Grace Hopper
very interested. I don't have time to do a bucket, but you can check my old facebook page nelballs sports cards and memorabilia.
Feeling the truth of old joke about being a consultant: "You can work partial days! Any 12 hours you want!"
Please vote tomorrow for Born Again Christians and God back in our culture. Your children are going to be the ones who suffer if you don't.
I used to, & I miss it so bad.
Tonight Is On The Beltway For A Party of All Party's KING OF DIAMONDS!!!!!! A B-More Get Ready.....
I wish it was that easy..!
OR...it's just a sad lifestlye :/ hahaha
Me to!
well when are you moving back beech?
get off bish
Ah #2days #FLIGHTSTOATLANTA #Soexcited this is gonna be great :D
have a great weekend Laura! Ever get your new wheels?
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
Don' do it man. STRENGTH!!! RT > : AW DAMN..... GUESS WHAT I WANT?! (IM GOING TO DO THIS THOU)
why you asking all them questions? LMFAO!! Des reminds me so much of they're twins!! love him :D
#Ballard Town Hall: "It hasn't been publicized much, but you will have to pay a toll to use the tunnel" #seamayor ^jh
So apparently Joomla sites are only properly viewed on something other than Internet Explorer now?
RT : Debating the merits of vs. for event ticketing. What have your experiences been like?
The shit dont stop im at the ihop eating big country i got the chicken fried im talkin bout showin my raw naked hide
#KSsynapse Visualizing new protein populations. TimeSTAMP-YFP, attached to your fave protein, irreversibly fluoresces after adding a drug.
New Blog Posted T-shirt Relabeling www.reliablerelabel.blogspot.com
You'd better be ready for a weekend of epic amazingness. Beach Bodies are out in full force
charmed by the website, not least the "(my boy!)" next to adorno in the readings list. will look forward to seeing whole syllabus!
Obama says we can call this class warfare if we want...well, if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck!
Mark Ruffalo, in an apron at Frieze New York: "Have a sausage and stop hydro-fracking! I'm here to feed the 1%!"
Damn im tired af. Idk why.
Happy birthday babe. xx (:
.....don't worry about deleting people out of your life. They pretty much do that themselves!
Gary Carter?
following up my previous post, "husband" does have another meaning in British English. uh.... never forget about a dictionary.
Dear me, if you ever leave the house again wearing one brown shoe and one black shoe, I'm going to be very disappointed.
So I guess Bitches don't have nothing better to do but talk about me on Twitter .
you were FAB on Howard last week. But he kept cutting you off! You sounded like you had SO much more to say! XO
Best questions on debates so far
its going down tonite! #PhlirtyFridays, then tomorrow nite, come party with !!!
RT Bitches get extra, niggas get desperate.
Playing Sweetwater 420 next Saturday at 12:30-1:10. Please come out and support us at a really cool festival!
Haha :) Well, kids see their favorite adults as tissues!
Who put ice cream in the microwave
this is the story of a girl, who cried a river and drowned the whole world
#Noisy_Library today: Admissions Open House from 4 to 7. We always get compliments on our library during this event.
Today's soup is Creamy Tomato and Garlic.
#Diabetes New Drug Boosts ‘Good’ Cholesterol </t experimental pill that boosts levels of "good" HDL cholesterol produced encouraging result
oh kool :) um same here good !! You got the same numbah ?? ")
Finishing the WP blog today
Homework: Record 10 seconds of myself singing into a piece of housewear, write about drugs, and make a spotify account. Is this real life?
Hey everyone, go google #NDAA indefinite detention!
Sitting front row of a game next to Hell yeah!!
Dense fog adv for SE WI except Sheboygan & Fond du Lac Co. until noon today. Right now vis > 1 mile in most locations. Weekend looks nice!!
It's not as dark as it was, but it's not as bright as its gonna be!
The anwer is "It's Etsy". About 15 people got the answer right!
With the current state of the #market, investors should look for income opportunities in their current portfolio
Dad's Golf for Free on Father's Day!
Thank you! We appreciate it.
there is two weeks to get 139 more followers help us get to 1000!!
following those who follow me
“: Happy birthday die girl! Haha ” haha I can't believe you still call me that.. thanks Brandon 😄
I'm hearing things outside
when I get my liscence, sure which will be September
like on that pass? he's not a good passer on the run, for one thing. they wouldnt have to make amazing grabs if he e
Daylight savings time begins March 11 at 2AM. Remember, set your clock forward 1 hour.
Feel like shit..
me too dat ish got a funny taste to it lol
up early where? 1:10 here on the east coast.
The chicken is roasting...
Yeah Tea Partiers - name-calling makes moderates support their oh-so righteous cause!! ::sigh::
I really can't wait until June 12th ThaAlumni
you got 99 problems? #yikes get ur life together
all depends on local politics. Some on my dept T&p used them against (date on my digital archive was "old")
We pour all of our energy and time into other people and into accumulating things in hopes that happiness (sustainable) will flow from them
you just stop texting me like it's all good doe. Lol jk
thanks for the props! You made my day
BRADLEY-HUGHES REASON #10: Our Mick Chair
Right on. See you soon.
It would be nice to have a HAPPY Drew Brees to help Mr. Benson recruit.
Stories and storytelling = hot topics at
nope just no ones playing at the moment
Watching "Fringe" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Thanks brother GP! RT : Congratulation to BIG BAD Step team! Heard the good news
i would cry if i had to goto bed at 10pm forcefully lol
omg that's a beautiful pic!!
AUgust 2. Yuppers. Watch out world!
RT A8e Nothing worse then a biz with terrific website yet led 2 FB & tabs that go nowhere
Research clearly shows a strong correlation between effective brand social media delivery & consistent improvement in paid search results.
ordered me a slice of though demand has been huge so I might not get to play with it until May
thanks for following us, Ryan!
I'm doing great - I've been buried by work lately, but it's all good. How about you?
i will concede the lower seed rarely ever advances in wbb i dislike that.
Delmont man conquers Straight of Gibraltar swim - Chicago Tribune
if you were to walk in a room...what would you want your theme song to be?
It's time to do a little work on my own website. Easy to think about, tough to get started.
Justin' time to see Justin Townes Earle.
just go up there and beat some ass
yup! through great fortune, i stumbled on the scene about 15 minutes after it happened.
East back!!!
Austin announced that he is single, AUSTIN MY BEDROOM IS THIS WAY -->
Using a color I mixed from a previous painting to mix a new color for a current painting. Drawing strength from my ancestors.
not really, just too much on my mind last night, couldn't turn my brain off once in bed
Playing century for the 4th time today #leggo!!!!!!!!!!!
#RObotz you're watching #TheMoniqueShow tonight on BET right? Support and tune in!
I'm so tired and had a rough morning
going to miss you lady
Nah. Clippers > Lakers. Just excited that LA teams are kicking ass.
: ELVIS "That's Alright Momma"
It will happen. I just have too much energy focused on my industry that love.
Im suprised that Philly got rid of their mascot
Brotherhood is much better then I expected
#nyapd #f2fconf #artsed pd for arts educators should NOT talk down to the educators and should NOT have disengaged facilitators
RT : Haven't had Mexican food all week, going through withdrawals! Bout to get that treated now though!
what do u be talking about
I do hate The Miami Heat. I do! I do!
it's like.. if you "like" someone's status on FB. you just retweet it instead of liking it i guess.
like I said either way! I hope it's not a repeat of last Monday! Haha !
For real, for real, i cant figure mine out.lol RT : What's good with the insta watchers with no pics just following !
You have to find happiness in yourself before you can find it with someone
NYC Joe Allen's theater vibe, eggs for dinner and meatloaf followed by The View @ top of MMarquis must-do.
Good morning! Good morning! Haha jk I don't wake up this early, that's silly, just woke up to pee, back to my dream I go! : P
With Associate ranks become leaner, and > attention on unbillable time, there is greater need for outsourced content dev
But of course Lauren will be a bridesmaid! :)
what tea is that?
vas happening Lisa
If you're trying to sell me a newspaper on the street, sounding like you DON'T hate your life would be a good start.
No matter how bad things are for you, it could always be worse. Just thank God each day that its not.
It serves ALL needs! I don't need a 4pm overhaul but fluff it's IDEAL! Go with what makes sense in your line of work!!!!!
NICE! My spidey-sense (aka Google alert) hadn't pinged me yet, lol.
Say that.
sharing California People. Project comes up every month or so. Thx for shifting the field, Oakland.
Hello world
Peyton Manning going to Denver. Broncos trying to trade Tebow.
There's a joke in the new about YA book titles being restricted to one word, but it's really true.
same to you, ; critical educators need to occupy everywhere including twitter :)
There are simply no answers to some of the great pressing questions
Is Whole #Foods moving away from Fra'mani to Creminelli Salami? Tasted Creminelli Sopressa & Felino and both were very flavorful.
Aging Resident of Wealthy Exurb Shot Dead In Own Home; World Rejoices
All good points, especially your last. Good luck.
Thanks, Stace! Hope you are having a great Thursday.
Didn't know Big Dave decided to get a movie theater at the house.
Need a new phone line, Broadband service, Business mobile or Phone system? The only number you need is: 0844 880 2010 Globalnet Telecom.
Updating the new Ultimate Soccer Coaching website
First 2 songs on the radio this morning: Metallica's "Sandman" & Alanis Morissette's "You Oughta Know". What a start to a lovely Easter day
Talking about crocop and when Dos Caras Jr. (del rio) Fought him. Also praises him for his personality.
Haha, it's okay, I'm eating Skittles right now :3
#GameofThrones marathon = best lazy Sunday ever
haha where are you?
Like: sitting under a juniper tree.
that INCLUDES YOU, missy!
Landed a job w/ CompuGain Corporation. My title is Sr. Talent Acquisition Recruiter. Will be on the hunt for Mortgage industry professionals
Lol, i would've freaked out if i saw that!
#Fringe is brilliant BEYOND DESCRIPTION!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Print collateral is the #nonprofit security blanket.Put the paper down, pick up the phone,call a
I bet you hate every man that you date, and you're probably addicted to all kinds of escape.
I'm also severely lacking I'm giallo knowledge, but the secret seems to be fun/interesting side characters
I hope it happens.That would be great! We should have done that more when Planet Ron was here...
Less than 24 hours until puerto Rico
#JustCause futures flow is slow dont mean he suck rapping
idk still looking
yeah :) and what stuff?
I cant wait til I turn 18 im getting a DNA test x trust feelings will be hurt
I do not approve nor do I like the ending of tonights show !!! this creative idea sucks !!
I've definitely lost a step
Builders: put tech to work for your Field Managers on the job-site (not in the trailer): award-winning, cross platform #FieldConnect Mobile!
its self serving. :)
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom in the world, my bestfriend Ms. Rita D. Jackson:)# love u mom!!
Tomorrow, CBS Radio Theater, 6:00pm AM970, or listen live at 970.am. Sexy.
Come and see us for Halloween. If you come in full costume, get a free mini cupcake. See you here.
Happy #Halloween everyone! What are your Halloween plans?
thanks so much to the awesome folks at - it was great talking about ux and virtual reference!
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas.
go to the watch party tomorrow night. is hosting.
Give a man a match, and he'll be warm for a minute, but set him on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life
been a lil slo motion w/ school, but i should have sum items up nxt week
in other words it means #proudhabesha lol :)
The holidays are right around the corner and we all have so much on our minds! What are some methods you use to remember to take your meds?
I don't hear much about South Baltimore or North, but I sure hear about Northeast or SoWeBo.
#HappyPatriotsDay & #MarathonMonday to all my friends in #Boston! And, of course, Go #RedSox!!!
"TheMelancoholic:he's pretty cool...for an old man. ;]" you are missing out on all the fun Listening now with
this is seriously the best day ever.
Sorry you got hacked. :( I don't follow links in DMs unless I ask for them anyway, so no harm done. :)
: The people must take over the military and use its resources for education, enlightenment and healthcare. Shared via TweetCaster
hello missy!! How's your day going? :)
Multi-Use Facility ! Great People Great Music Great Experience!.. Soul Asylum Studios!
thanks Nate! Happy Valentines day!
She's talking about an agenda that everyone sees before the meeting starts so that everyone is on the same page. It works
want to solve a dropout rate than all things must be looked at in....
Look out of the window. I hope the streets are clean..it costs about $4.50 a year for every man, woman & child to keep streets clean. [1944]
I just saw the news article says NOAH'S ARK MAY FOUND in TURKEY????? OMG!
SOY HOMBRE
Rt ": #HowCanYouExpect me to respect you if you don't even respect yourself? 😳"
please Justin can u follow me???
90 mins of questions this AM w/fellow panelists Sandy Hillman & John Maroon. No surprise: all were about social/online media.
struggled so hard today still am
"I need a clear picture of the impact of these budget cuts" -Paula Noonan 's board meeting. (We must paint this picture to everyone)
#Romney #Bain NOT a surprise! I doubt he hired many! He came in 2clean house 4 more$!
Tagging on your teacher's white board n turning around to say "look ima artist" like a 5year old :D
i know chad i told that to you.
Med-check than home!
thanks Clare :)
Which dept?
"Without strategy, execution is aimless. Without execution, strategy is useless."
Thanks! I def LOVE my job. Ironically, we currently do not have any board members from government but are looking
Ahh, Peace Orchestra, long time no see! I know, it's been more than 10 years. I am old now.
Tried to wrestle tonight.. Ended up breaking her in half :-|
I just brushed my dog's teeth and filed his nails. Obviously, shit is getting crazy over here.
I SO LOVE UR MERCHANDISE. SUPER COOL!
Follow me on instagram
i have no comment for you
*shoots Trevor's dick off*
ill let u kno
are the Cleveland bananas in the mooveee ?!?!?
How important do you think is innovation & research in the #Indian #education sector?
It will run in special golf tab publication of the Daily Journal newspaper later this month. DJ is a pub on south side of Indy
Pay No Respect - Intro + Side By Side
where are you guys?
dee is killing us
#erl12 it is hopes at GOkb will help drive the use of identifiers by all in the information chain
RT : A #Cancer covers its sensitive heart with a hard protective cover and only a few people can access it.
. Anderson Cooper's giggle is contagious!
i really need to get new music in this ipod it sucks!
Too much time is spent complaining about the things that aren't ours, the life we don't live, and the people we don't have
Man...still so bummed about Pujols. “: Albert Pujols and Ichiro! came up the same year. Pujols has fewer strikeouts.”
Happy birthday you can legal drink for the second time
Pls 4low me 4 we a Feature Film Produxion Business Proposal about a Compton Hood Movie 2 STAR
I was trying to find the Ten Pin Tap or Kelly's.
those damn milkshakes. My yard is never full anymore
Had a blast! Always do. Nothing like catching up with great friends.
S/O to keep doing your thing Ms. Hudson!
practice tonight to get ready play a show TOMORROW. FO FREE! Its at Station 4. We want to see all your beautiful faces there. check the FB!
"The time is right to be bold in education." - our trustee, Michael Saylor, at today's College Affordability and Innovation Roundtable
I'm really missing the northern kentucky area a lot today.
RT : Collaboration breeds success. Reinforce among your team that everyone has valuable information to share. Disney-Way
love the redesign! looks awesome! :)
Today 1972: George Carlin arrested at Milwaukee's Summerfest after performing his "7 Words You Can't Say on TV." Or in Milwaukee, it seems.
Tonight it all goes down at Aurora! Alley Boy will be performing live!! Doors open at 9p & close at 2a! Dj Sir RJ on the 1's&2's! Me and...
May Day Public Hearing on West Berkeley Developments (News Analysis) - Berkeley Daily Planet
Someone told me yesterday how she hurt her back the first time w/pilates. We had long conversation about total core.
So, it's only 11:42am and I'm already thinking about drinking a whiskey old-fashioned sour later tonight...
OMG IM DYING !!!! DANIELLE AN LIAM ARE 2FREAKING HOURS AWAY FROM ME!!!!!!!
Using most of Sarah's words, though!!!
Saving money? Sorry, I'm not familiar with that concept.
well I have been waiting to go for a few weeks,
I need some new females in my life on the real
Love is my religion - I could die for it.
Some of these Housewives are really giving Americans a bad name! Stay in the States if you have no class! And Kandi is being messy...
This year codes will be on kids' art and will lead to vids of them talking about the artist that inspired them.
time for a coffee break!! awesome weather
A food writer I like made this analogy once. When she thought of food as body fuel, it was about feeding it only foods that
RT : Gonna catch the Portland Beavers at PGE Park tonight. Not many games left in that ballpark...
Will do!
Watching My So Called Life. Damn, Jordan Catalano gives good flannel.
The Cardinals have scored the second most most runs in the Majors this year and given up the second fewest. Best team in baseball?
The Tim Burton exhibit is sold out... Again! We shall catch a show instead.
Don't forget about the 'Thought At Work' meeting tomorrow at 3:00 PM. Donuts will be provided. Yum!
If it's true You can see it with your eyes Even in the dark
Chilling. Looking at the sexy ass avi of yours lol.
chin up bud. I'm sure there is :-)
Got hooked to (: Me siguen?(; son lo mejor(:
well his old hair hahah
During finals all my heathy eating habits go out the window. :(
-____- nothing today either 👎
2.5 hours and four pages. Not bad.
Did OK in NBA & did well at Air Force. Colorado was a mess when Bzdelik replaced Riccardo Patton. They're competitive now.
great! #asppa is a wonderful group. How did you get that opportunity?
hahah maybe thats cuz im a crazy/scary person with amazing ninja skills XD
But fuck that, I'm gonna sing with
bout to change my pic
Pretty sweet kicks
Just leaving the office. Thank you world events.
RT : “God is the strength of my heart.” Psalm 73:26
I learned a trick. On your remote, press "Stop", then press "stop" again and then press "play" it starts your movie.
I needed this today for motivation. Thank you!!!
BTW that means Shirley Horton, Mary Salas, John McCann, Jerry Rindone, etc. All #chulavista polz who want back on the council!
There is no safe container to put your personal values while you're at work. Live them at work or the damage will spill to life outside
u always confusing me anout which boy u talkn bout PLEASEE be specific
schools out for summer!!!!
you working big 10 today?
In Life. . . We get Stronger by wanting to protect the person we loved the most
+1 - That's a cute little turd!
Yep, my whole upper back is now a glowing pink color.
My lil bro done forgot about me!!
It's locked in. Sunday night I'm meeting with some of the crew.
why is it that you have to so busy minding my business? got nothing to do ah?.
That was no secret. LOTS of retirees were doing it and Davis talked about it openly.
I love Book Lantern; keep up the good work!
I really can't wait to see #magicmike. you rock!
Pictures from the CHAMPS Convention in Vegas coming soon!
The Owl Bar is open rain or shine! This building's made it through 108 years of earthquakes, fires, hurricanes, and floods and stands tall!
ha!! not much wbu?
Late arrival into Memphis
hahaha you craze .. Text me breh
I was wondering if we have a mild winter does that mean we will get more or less tornados this year? They scare me bad
Drinking IPA like home brew this evening. Not bad!
I can't wait for the flashback bridge scene asidhfgodfg and omg we've had so many breaks why does it have to go on a long one
Hm I wonder what I got for CHRISTMAS•____•
mystery numbers, interesting
“: Just got my ass kicked by sparring Friday night! F***ing awesome! ” <
Perhaps not Down Under, but the linked article talks about International students and USA.
The Organic Farming Conference in LaCrosse was awesome. 3000+ innovative, open-minded, farmer- entrepreneurs all in one place. Wow.
Watching Dance moms...Copying a costume and type of dance on purpose? Yeah, that's shady! RT if you agree.
My Stomach is very mad at me right now of all I ate-- :/
DAVE U DUH SQUEALA
I am so pleased to let all of you know my book co written with Carl Gottlieb ( Jaws, The Jerk, Dr. Detroit) has been sold. It is a workbook…
#smwcampaign: says "You have to engage the Twitterverse on the Twitterverse's own terms" - interesting, provocative, not partisan
The Galaxy S3 has a barometer? Do you mean it will make me fancy coffee?
torn inbetween the two
Q3 any a/v software would be good... i think having a tech nigh drop in to show patrons what we have would be helpful!
should i get car from airport or not?????????
idgaf? just don't tweet about other people when you hated Sydney Wolfer and Megan South two weeks ago and talk to them now?
This doesn't surprise me....
Wow, what a day at #EdCampColumbus! Thank you so much for all of your support, passion, and desire for change. Can't wait for ECC 2013!!
If the shoe fits it's for a reason, bitch.
MUST MUST for the show
Stop sending me hacker spam !!!! lmao Ily
Something something as simply as me hearing your name puts me puts me in a place that I cant even explain
Now my name is MCA, I got a license to kill I think you know what time it is, it's time to get ill...
"Unfinished Business" = everything is better all of a sudden
Chicago day trip with the fam...
Fashion Fix charity fashion show; Chic Society at L2 Lounge in Georgetown on October 22, 2011.
Play ball!
ya ya, spoken like a true
We had 50+ tonight great ride! At J. Mango'snow for tall bikes!
Yu Yu Hakusho was a raw ass show dude!
LOL, I'd take care of your whole family. Getting you up out of there to take care of thousands... LOL
Enjoyed Mother's Day brunch at the Green Lantern with my mama and fam.
Who is sure of their own motives can in confidence advance or retreat | Johann Von Goethe
Nothing beats a messy food fight! Tomato season in Valencia?
thanks for great Symposium and the gorgeous weather in CoSpgs. Fall colors are spectacular. Headed home to Orlando
i know fool, tell her to get up! Jkayz
Thanks to Audrey Cheng Salick for pointing out the error on my personal profile page - the link works now! Wa hoo!
who would u like to replace him I would like franzkie
- Should we put U on media VIP list 2 cover Shoot To Cure event fri nite @ Chargers Park? Pls DM ur email addy.
What are you #thankful for today? thankful for my first cup of #coffee so far today...
Changed my mind on this diet til january !!!
GM :), Happy Tuesday..
Mickelson, that is. Oh, the "c" is silent?
can you please hook up a soldier with some tickets, please.
I can't send you a message my twitter is acting up :(
Really glad to be going home!
Are You Crazy ? Meek Mill < 2 Chainz And That My Friend Is The Truth !
Thanks-- impressive!
Awesome! Having a daughter is the best.
Sam need to lay off the method
even for wildcard cities?
I'm not a star somebody lied..
me too(:
Africa by Toto is on ... and I couldn't be happier.
nice...just got another job interview... should have two web programming job interviews to kick off Jan 2012
Who the fuck is this person??? And y do they keep calling me!!!!
Where do you go when your lost?.... To God(:
I miss you too boo!!!
My eyes are 3/4 closed n I can still see thru u!¡!
If it's any thing like Dolphy Day prepare yourself
Glad to have such a wonderful cause following! Pls be sure to check out for all of your mktg, adv, pr & design needs.
4575 from 30k in the main... Ready for the challenge.
haha caught me
#Ginkgo has been used in traditional medicine to treat #circulatory disorders and enhance memory.
If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
C'mon Union Rags
You should so follow ! Trust me, you won't regret it!
Any fun plans this weekend?
Shout out to my nigga Sqwilliam
my weekend 😍 > your weekend.
Uh oh...what's wrong? *hugs*
Gotta see that "Snow White & the Huntsman" & a few other movies this summer ... These trailers look too official!
finished my paper, now on to my exam
RT : All guys should learn from Mario Bros. No matter how far their princess is, they should go after her.
That's the motto RT What i need a shirt 4 like what i need this shirt 4?
Favorite "essay" of sorts concerning #whitneyhouston exists via through Patrick Bateman in American Psycho.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
I love my green sticky females & busty custies
Pizza #bestfoodever :D
looks like i'm going to mesa next semester
RT : Where can I find some good music and a live band?<< Baby!!!!!!!!!!!
MyTennesseeChristmas.com is the only site you need to get all your Tennessee Holiday info!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TABITHA ROSE STOREY!!<3i love you to death and I'm so happy you've been my bestfriend since we were 4<3(:
Thanks for the RT! Have a great day.
Good luck Coach, you'll certainly be missed in Tar Heel Nation!
#vaumc11 "You Are Mine" one of my favs. Good job Drew and congrats all ordinands!
ok sumbody tell B to just go to bed!!!
Wishing was with us 2nite and too.
hell yea bout time lol
Cannot believe the outpour of love and support from our followers. Thanks to everyone. Fully back in the saddle on Monday!
hello robert! Thx for the follow!
Just downloaded your app!
i followed
You believing this game??? I've been waiting for Clemmy since game 1. Cats are rockin!
I love how I've managed to bs today at the
Ugh, drama is my least favourite thing ever. Hang in there!
I watched Paul last night with my wife. So funny. If you haven't seen it. Check it out
Fellas dont bring yo lady to a functions , That time is set aside to enjoy with. #YouaskingForTrouble. lol
For anyone else who loved Sofia, so, so sorry to bring such awful news. Am beyond gutted, still in absolute shock.
what if its your ghost?! ._______.
is #facebook actually down??
Huntsman: "We pay a huge price for our wars in the Middle East"
Take care of your body. It’s the only place you have to live. - Jim Rohn
Sprained elbow, well isn't that just awesome. :(
Has anyone else discovered the LyricPlay option in #Shazam? Holy cow, that is COOL!
now following my future son-n-law!!!
take dis shower n take my black ass to sleep to much fun for da night hit a ninja.
Pea under matress, sleep horribly. Pistol under pillow, sleep wonderfully.
Can not wait to play more Skyward Sword.
oh no I meant ur gonna take me with you. LOL JK XD
#Awake is now dead ... had potential but procedural aspect was too redundant and answers about crash hard to come by
oh mee. that was supposed to be excited. ah. what day do you think would be a good movie day for youu? (::
aw you rock!!! Thank you!!
16 days until the journey to PDX. I will be annoyingly posting an update every few days. Prepare for glory!
How come it's ok for a girl to call herself fat but when you do its WRONG!!
What a stud, big pimpin right there.
What was your username before? Maybe i'll remember! aha
Good thing I haven't even started my homework
Dylan's blog is done. Now I can go to sleep(: goodnight
In class, we're answering quiz questions out loud and gambling the time class ends. In the end, we managed to knock off 45 minutes.
Has anyone done the running club? I think I'm gonna sign up for the summer one ...
That would be you. RT : And who did have the correct answer?!
I think you boys should start signing your tweets so we know whos tweeting :)
following 969 people right now..who wants a follow?:) Anyone? :D
And Delaware becomes the 16th medical marijuana state! State's rights!
Nineteen Million Monsters is trending worldwide! RT if you're one of them!
thanks Janis!!! Birmingham!!!!
MONA App is called the O - guess what it stands for..
Thnx 4 the #WW mention Vince! Have a great rest of the week & stay productive!
That's how you do a promo...
ProLogis CEO on Fox: "Our customers are expanding and we're beginning to build in the US."
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 28
The Sam's Club Road show is moving along! I'm so excited our toffee is such a big hit!
Tina Yothers is nasty even by 80s standards.
God Bless Whitney Houston and her family! Such a beauty! RIP
Inglourious Bastards + Bowie + In Your Eyes = #bestlovesong + epically awesome gore + comic timing. I'm the girl who dies in the end.
-- see you tonight!
I should really focus on my acting classes ...but I really want to get back into MMA
Neal is going to sign the first 200 instead of 100 as a thank you for waiting. We will have new plans for future special offers!
Is everyone positive that he wasn't at some LA party with someone? I dunno, it just bothers me.
can som1 explain to mee what draw something is? some sort of game??
I lived in a particular slice of SE Portland for 6 years and will happily give up its secrets.
Fresh Bistro is now serving brunch, check out our International inspired brunch 9am-3pm weekends
In the end what NEEDS to happen is the league needs to make guys wear new helmets and give insurance to retired players.
Anything for you my friend! xoxo ♥
Tie game in Miami - eat your words, my friend!
Adventure Time! 😊 📺
It's gonna be quite a day, finishing a magazine deadline, then flying off tonight right afterwards for 5 days!
i see you doing your thing keep it up you got some hot records on your mixtape maybe we can colab 1 day
Join the crowd
what do u think of NYG chances this Sun vs Pack? Hate playing a desperate team espec at their house.
♥ Can't wait for that summer love ♥
I'm halfway through the work day and already looking forward to the adventures this weekend will bring!!!
With a sub - you dont do anything in class use phones listen To music Assistant pricipal walks in ... Everyone acts good and pretend to work
is there a video? i cant see it
Taking the day off to finish recovering from that demolition job, work on these NYC punk covers for The Roxy Suicide, esp. a P. Smith tune.
That's my fear. Maybe I will introduce Prezi earlier in the Unit and let them play with it. Thanks for the input!
Super. More injuries... RT Rondo's right hand has to be bother him. He tried to complete that drive with just his left.
Sounds real good right now I want some green tea and cookies & cream mochi ice cream m..
at the #Walmart on 620 near 2222 you go to the left of the store where all their beach/summer stuff is
Today is a new day. Although I miss you, I can't let that stop me.
I failed that bitch twice
Nothing like walking into a Walgreens and it's playing "You are so beautiful..." Where's the cosmetics aisle?
"If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear."
agreed! A definite must buy
Ready for a nap. :-P
Work hard and it will prove to be the best decision you've ever made
I hate when I can't get a hold of my mom when I have news to share
And this end did not go the right way. Le sigh
Should I spit every time I see a Black Cat?
Im been up to nothing. I got to get a job and get my own shit cause my moms and shit dont want me so yeah Forced to grow up Faster.
HRID some late day volume...
I saw buying a pack of mentos the other day, you should trick him before he tricks you
Oh so you took 20 minutes to text me back? K,cool I'll take 30.
RT : Facebook statuses are just Twitter fanfic. Concurred.
Dirty's Laundry is once again a store! DirtysLaundry.etsy.com! Few items up now, new ones to be added everyday.
3am was early but worth it. Been with Oscar for the last few hours & just got back to House of Hope after taking kids to school
You're welcome!
justinbieber killed the drums yerterday :) that so raw :) check it out it's awsome
if you dont know me .. why are you judging me .
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: N’Keil Nelson ⁰Rising 8th Spokane, WA ⁰Travel Team: Spokane Select Warriors ⁰Point Guard 6’0
oh thanks
Very limited time frame to get your Let's Golf Wisconsin golf coupon booklet - $850 worth of coupons for just $12 on www.crowdclick.com!
love when your waiting for the text that never sends.
Bring the dishes into the tub with you.
My bestfriend is a ass ! .
Omigosh, me too! lol! RT Being a football fan is hard. I get way too worked up and stressed
The people you see at gas stations after 11 pm blows my mind. These creatures wait until night falls before leaving the nest.
the bridges are crumbled, the water soaks iiiiintooo rocks 🎵🎶
what are you doing today??.. I hope plan on following me back:) #makemyday #iloveyou #followback #yourcool ;D
When I walk pass a girl I mind rape her
yeahh I'm really sick I was at school for 2 classes but I went home
The fact that today is the nicest day of the year so far, has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that I'm taking today off.
Went to Borders closing sale today, spent much quality time and money there over the years. Wonder what if anything will rise in its place.
haha boy am I THIRSTY!
Man, I really want to see the sun today! Seriously!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 17
it ends just that quick
And so the #laflood comes to a close, for now, unless you keep tweeting about it! ;-)
We did! Thanks a bunch to both of you!
yes I'll be in touch soon, and get back in the game when baseball seems to work itself out. Red Sox yesterday, wow! Haha
I might just come by there!! Can I like request you?
Remember today it is not man's capacity to suffer that is admirable, but rather his capacity to endure and overcome.
Why do I have to work today??? I want to be just chill saturday and watch my #ArizonaWildcats win that championship trophy :)
Give me a call if you're hunting for some GREAT, PERM IT/SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT TALENT! *312-616-7974*
dude stop tweeting on travel problems, this is like the best day for America in a long time
I'm very awkwardly sunburned.
I was wondering that too. I best get on it.
Hello Chris. Welcome!!
It is folly to assume my awesome lies dormant
we love u justin ur the best. #BieberSwag4ever~Hailey and Kailey (p.s were ur biggest fans. we are 12)
Orange and Blue night! #GoMets and #GoKnicks!
Now you can open two six packs at once!
AND i cant belive is following our fan account holy cowww....
Oh I wish you did! Yeah those are the moments u wish u had superpowers!
No smurf left behind
hmm.. One song is a hard rock song, and the bands name is the same as a car... The other song is a pop song on the radio now..
To be honest, not to sound weird, but I kinda feel lucky talking to the only person she favorited.
Lee you suck!
"Design As Education" .. as I suspected, Design Thinking angle .. growing creative capacity; very cool
Biggest pet peeves.... always typing "the" like "teh" and two CAps in a row! UGH!! This bums me out as I fly across the keys!
But back to "why you gotta," etc. I have a three-strike rule. If you act like a jerk in your blog three times, you've lost me.
I'm giggling because tweeted me back AGAIN. *claps hands and skips like little schoolgirl*
Just you and me, watching the sunset.
Staying home and hanging out with the brother tonight. Well at least until gets home..
that's real!? Damn
Math tutor wanted ASP. For statistics&probability!!
:: It's a day to sit on a patio with a Spotted Cow. Instead, I'll be in a climate controlled studio with for Live/4. Join us!
Great day looking at houses. A very promising prospect! Really hope it all works out.
I'm sorry for laughing all I hear is bullshit!
Bud is just on twitter entirely too much! This is foolish
From Rob (5am): A cloudy Monday with a few showers. High:64 Drier later this week.
I don't think I am who you think I am. I can actually write paragraphs that contain more than one sentence.
Jamar Rogers and Katrina Parker are basically amazing
I feel content.
RT : I wrote this song along time ago << a real long time ago...FEEL ME! lol
happy halloween. my first treat is 37 followers, im getting far on this twitter thang...
The pleasure is mine. Next time you want to see a show, be sure to check Do414 for a chance to win free tickets!
Love the work you do. Perhaps in the future I will be able to interview you live on the Queen Esther Speak radio show.
My mom has optic neuritis but not MS. She's completely blind in her right eye.
Tired of the birds I need an eagle in my life.
Sometimes I wrestle with my demons. Sometimes we just snuggle. ;)
Poison Peach Film Festival SATURDAY!!!
On my way to the airport, going home to the sun!
up, up and away
I suspect people will smile beningly at my AA mtg this evening doing little donating to a charity.
YAY Thank U what I win?
RT Gotta love the perks on RadioShack-Nissan-Trek! Now its off to bed - last day of camp tomorrow...
I love how in almost all movies there's that one part where they start playing epic opera type music . (:
Rick Santorum? Didn't he lose re-election to the senate?
Per : "If this is the future (add any dystopian future here), I'm rooting for the zombies."
Andrew Willinger JUST misses a HR, but his double scores a run and St. X has tying run 90 feet away. McCormick bats for Tigers w/ no outs.
Sprint gay as fuck!!
torn rotator cuff for Narvy?...15 days???..more like year ending...
My last retweet >>>
At least the Badgers showed up to play tonight - same cannot be said of Michigan State. Pathetic effort
UEFA is corrupt. Bussaca has officiated 30 games w/ Spanish teams, 23 wins, 7 draws, 0 losses. SHAM
and happy new years from all of us over at AEMMP RECORDS.
Yeah I've seen yours. I didn't think you had it but I didn't think it hurt to ask
Thinkin bout snatchin a g shock watch up
Skrillex on the deck - dance party at my house.
Welcome to the future
m #bacon!
I'm low key tryna wake some coochie up though.
I'm hungry, tired, annoyed, frustrated, everything!
Bogota has 18 mile bike ped trail accessing city. Transforms lives.
you are welcome! I consider you a very special and talented person!
AnglersHunters will be at the Detroit Fishing Show on January 8th and 9th
you arent down there are you hanna???
Got my Daylite upgraded and working on my new Mac. Awesome contact database and great tech support.
it's a depressing cesspool up in here. He is a good helper. We love him.
Thanks, Kay...
Gameday. Beat Kentucky.
my phone is dead i'll see if i can find my charger
get back on the juice bro, or just ice your arm like a normal person lol
