Hey i'm glad u found me
Thanks for score!
To everyone making fun of Jets fans tonight because we just added extra Sanchez. Not Funny! Some of have to live with it.
Thanks Jason!
Ooh good for you! I really want to do one of those intensive retreats
Rest in peace grandma Claire, thank you for the wisdom.
Do people not realize it is 3 days before christmas??
any warning from the NWS of this storm? Lots of lighting and thunder! wtf!
hey Kevin. Lol
I love macaroni grill!!!
Bryce Harper says he's not sore or bruised from the Hamels HBP. "Not at all." He than asked how's the ball.⚾#Unstopable"
Wonder if cameras would alter Thomas' judgin' "style" reports Thomas hasn't asked a Q? during arguements since 2006.
Done! All legs. #gonnabelimping !!!
with the Nets changing there name that makes u an #ICONicBrooklynDigga 😜$$$$
"Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me(Jesus) hath everlasting life." NIV John 6:47
I am Nerd. I think
Free baseball is fun
Shopped at Simon's in Montreal... totally in love! Sale section has the best deals ever!
Marlins, Hanley getting treated like the Heat, LeBron now. Holy shit, people need to calm down.
SBA needs your marketing expertise to capitalize on all of the opportunities
Our pleasure :)
RT : Evaluating the impact of science, technology and innovation programs: a toolkit via
I guess I don't get Twitter as much.... Who cares if there is TMI? :) good to see you at least on 1 social network
Ah, yes, the morning coffee is where I seek the positive. And the afternoon coffee. And even the evening coffee...
Heat look good too, bwahahahahaha
ah...... ive been talkting to her on yahoo :) HA SUCKA sorry. do u have her email. and i got a new email btw
what's your over/under for being too old to wear a players' jersey?
What a great show . Can't wait for tommarows members call at 930 est
No power = time for
<--sold out for tacos
Um hypocrite? Yes.
I haven't been on twitter at all
You are very welcome!
wow which son?blake?
So glad to hear that you liked my class. :) I miss teaching-mostly the student interaction. How are you? Really like your website.
Cody Robert Simpson has swag. :D
No.!!! Ride The Bus Please.?!?
I use the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
Jim Shepard's Master of Miniatures. A really cool novella.
congratulations! that's awesome!
Notre Dame's Brittney Mallory gives a shoutout to their teams Strength Coach in the Post game interview
is my bestfriend follow her (((((:
Good luck guys!!
o.O That's a lot of comments.
#FollowFriday some of the best.
Or I do but I'm not going to let even myself know about it cause I will trip balls I wish I was tripping balls ortrickingballllls:pjksmh
Hello..there
the funny thing is that now living in the U.S. I often want the work-life balance from D. It's a better quality of life there
it has been a great day!!!
To all the Curtin's on the East Coast of the USA...be careful and stay safe this weekend!!!
we should re start up
Well said! Now time to drink. RT : IT'S HERE!!
Lol I take it you gents have had a nerf gun shoot out of your own?? Everyone fears the Nerf gun at the office.
Please ignore the DM I sent you. Sorry for the inconvenience. Hope you have a great day!
cool chris davis cool
haha wow. 10 minutes into the blackout and ive already come to realize that without wikipedia this would be a horrible world...
he isn't
Thorns still attached and the whole ya dig.
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to. -Elvis Presley
ha ha! Yeah I'm crazy busy but most of it good.
RESP.SYNCTIAL VIRUS AFFECTS YOUNG KIDS LUNG AND BREATHING POOR BABY SO SICK
your just jealous because austin likes her and not you! Bye hoe!
Awww too cute!
breaking: Pres Obama's advisers convince him to flip-flop on gay marriage b/c polling doesn't look too bad
It will be great to see you, and we'll grab a bite afterwards.
MindFirstFitness on Linkedin. Where the 'big boys' play...
"Yeti" is the number three trending topic on yahoo right now. The empire is apparently striking back in 2012.
Amazing work. Congratulations on another fantastic #CreektoBay Cleanup.
Why aren't they asking him about winning DPOY?
#NewYorkYankees keep a rollin' but #CoreOfFour is getting a tad battered and acting their age. Except the timeless
#TEDMED Research misconduct occurs when negative results not published. Publication bias! Powerful talk with evidence in PloS medicine.
My boyfriend is the sweetest.<3
The Infinity Airbrush System is excellent for body builders, brides, and bride’s maids, proms, home coming or going on vacation. We love it!
i'm in Crown Point, bitches!
Looking forward to recording today.."Back to Chicago" is the plan.
gracias for the follow
Happy National High Five Day!! High Fives to everyone doing something active today!
It's been long enough! RT Today could be the first time to reach 75° in 278 days. Celebrate this evening with ½ price wines
Doug Thomas - What if our educational institutions were about the wonder, pleasure, and fun of learning?
Not everybody will like you let that be their problem says at
Why yes, I am OK with giving men's fashion advice. I'm a snappy dresser? Thank-you for the compliment.
did you go!?
There are Jelanators out ther (like me) and if that would happen i would cry
do you want me to retweet this?
I love how I spend more time on Tumblr than on here. Hence it posting ten times a day.
u just had one two days ago!?! Ur "on to the next one" already!?!
great sweety! Just produced a film called timeless! How r u?
Can anyone out there recommend a good chiropractor?
VN, coming back with M of 63, time to run the game over!
I'll take care of you♥
so basically you can't answer: Is now the right or wrong time to raise taxes, given the income drop.
Your vote can be the one to make a change. Vote Yes to
And that last #tweet was 1111, now this is 1112.
Not cool, lady who farted in the sale room at Anthropologie.
The Missile - Shredded Chicken, Carmelized Onion, Blue Cheese, Pepper Cream Cheese on a Wheat Hoagie.
“: I'll be giving you a set, make sure they are not leaked” Hold those photos you two. They're too good, too soon!
Great housing deals in South Florida from 50k to 150k you can buy homes
Thanks, Dolche! I can't wait until I finally get to meet you :]
Livin' Young & Wild & Free :)
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Are you okay?
Let us know if you need any ideas or hookups!
Acting deals with very delicate emotions. It is not putting up a mask. Each time an actor acts he does not hide; he exposes himself
I'm sprung
(chanting) Uptown! Uptown!
: t.you. Hope u have a great one! :)
why can't it be Monday at 10PM?!!?
lost more twitter followers?
Also baking blueberry-lemon mini cakes for said cocktail party.
90 points. Amazing!
Even my exes are hitting me up. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK. Is it a full moon? Am I being punk'd?
Chillin in world fair park with
HELLO IM IN MY SCARY BASEMENT ALONE
Digital gains lift Sun-Times past Tribune in weekday circulation
Some Of These Bitches Be Bout Ratchet As Hell In Person But Be Lookin A Whole Notha Person On Twitter / Facebook !
I don't "round" which causes much gnashing of teeth even though I note this on the syllabus.
thank you
Man the offense looks bad right now.
I.S.D. Locksmith ISD-Locksmith Pacific Beach Locally Owned & Operated $29 service- $15 re-key- $45 lockout repair-install $29
Because Ben didn't look enough like a homeless person he had to go and grow a beard ?!??? Wtf
I have to buy these shades tomorrow, have to, I don't have a choice, when he sun shines I need shades. Need them... No guilt... No guilt.
I wanna see :)
Black Keys at Mesa Amphitheater! Miss :30Club though.
WHO WANTS TO DESIGN THE GREENSMOKERSMVMNT LOGO
Red lights become exponentially worse when surrounded by chicken trucks of death
just mapped the conference hotel for tomorrow...it's closer than the office!
We are pondering the universe, Jen.
Happy Mother's day to my beautiful #MILF s.
Add that place to my list of bars that don't sell pbr
Thank you darling! I think there's still blood all over that kitchen. Poor dear renters.
Watched season premiere of Intervention, now looking to hold one w/ someone I know. Be suspicious if I invite you to meet me somewhere.
Next #AskAuntLisa video comes out tomorrow for a chance to win 2 more posters signed by Austin! *HINT* Some answers will be from MY VIDEOS!!
is it on yet i live in fl, and i'm at the website, but i don't see you
I just never let anything bother me, man. I know myself really well. Nobody's opinion of me can shake my opinion of myself. - Ruben Studdard
you know what? i think im done. Done with all this bullshit. with all your bullshit. if you wanna be with me,okay. if not don't confuse me.
Excellent promo for Gen election. When states outlaw LeagWomenV it's a problem
Q woke up screaming and scared smh
Thanks for listening to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz! Tune in next week for the Rochester Rock 'n Roll!
hehehe I see many epic faded nights in our future!
I miss you to buddy </3 and your on twitter again?! :D
don't get too drunk tonight
Now, I shall look threw all of 's recent pictures to see if he has wore the hat me & gave him.
I might as well be at my company picnic.
“: « In due time you will pay for all the wrong you've done.» Amen!” <<<< this
and you are telling this to us to .. make us jealous? You aint finding the big hairy guy that way.
Tip: If you have a lot of skeletons in the closet, refrain from running for political office.
planning a move is hard work. this is the 2nd time, and still tough. but totally worth it.
Seiling, Oklahoma’s own Gary England () just followed me on Twitter!Thanks from one rural boy (#Hobart) to another.
#MyFavMichaelJacksonSongIs I want you back!<3
Pray tht I will have a place called home I been livin with different ppl since my mom died when I was 15
Working with a new client today...this company specializes in finding green uses for gray water...
Deff Joan Rivers, shes feisty and would not let herself lose, she would deff win the games :)
I was going to have Tyler Flowers delivered but it was too expensive.
-- Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
awww let me know if I could be any help?
tell him Fonville
I need passwords!! Lol
ditto! : "note to self: make digital product for facebook to acquire. #sheesh"
- would love to hear more about your experience. Let us know if you would be interested in a guest blog post!
You really don't want to give a bully that much power
Just a coincidence that both improv and birth certificates can be categorized into short-form and long-form?
Sad to hear the news about Really like his music. Hope he's not in any pain.
I'd be sadder if the nephew hadn't taken up singing "Scotland The Brave" in a terrible Scottish accent for the past week. Hahaha.
Making homemade banana bread... Yum!!! My house smells SO good!!
Kill with self. Swagger.not.the real tv versions like.ur.thinking.of.
Both. Duh.
likewise, best of luck!
Smh I need my dang shoes
Yes Sir I am
I don't think I ever saw him as a first rounder last year, but maybe a little higher than this year.
As of today I will no longer tweet anything wrt politics. I get far too emo over the state of the country. Most of my customers are Dems.
well then, thank you for support :)
When some1 says "Id explain but its complicated" Im not offended they think so little of me, Im offended they think so much of themselves.
Win it for Brad!
I want to be so i've never go to school with classmates.. =$
| Thanks for a great meeting this morning! The future is bright!
CRASH: I-5 NB Ramp to I-84 EB- Right lane is blocked off the top deck of the Marquam Bridge- traffic quickly backing up past Macadam
I had to fight off the urge to get one for dinner, too.
The devil wants you to say hell yes. But jesus wants you to say hell no!!!
How Do You Know About Vinny?
we just convinced one of our clients to go for a simple smoke test instead of a new $30K premium feature.
I get my feet did straight up
Spring is around the corner. Get smoother, glowing skintastic skin with our customized Dermaroller or Dot laser. Experience the difference.
funny! My friend LOVES comic sans.
I know, me too. We should plan a day together in Athens, make a yoga class part of it. And don't forget your dr appt.....;o
Tonight is a good night for a movie.
RT : Just like we abandoned Michael, we abandoned Whitney when she needed us most
cont.> - it's fun, full of great booths & an awesome way to network! Check us out in the WEST Pavilion!
If I recall, 3rd inf, 82nd Airborne...I was shopping for a home down your way when they changed his duty station! :(
Museum people from around the world are heading to #aam2012 in Minneapolis. Hope it doesn't snow!
Why does my blackberry tour constantly give me the "unable to contact facebook" msg now that I have upgraded? I have not been able to get in
New Strains: Big Foot, Big Hoss, Jaw Breaker Kush, Northern Blue, OG Kush, Skunk Berry, Super Silver Haze, Trixie
Call in your order and we'll have it ready for you when u get here. 916-779-0737
Exciting news coming!!! STAY TUNED!
ha ha. Went pad. Thanks, Scott--I had to do it twice, but it works now.
How's it feel knowing you make people feel like shit? 😏
not my goal - I've got plenty to focus on in the integration realm w/o adding all of that
I love you Andre! Miss your crazy ass
I hadn't thought of it but I will keep you posted
I think more so it used just out of context. Hating doesn't = opinion but judgement of something. But it's a stupid term away
is talking to us about copy that sells. Excited to see what she has to say!
#iBooksAuthor makes me jealous of teachers. That seems like a really cool thing to get to mess around with and get paid
Watching my all time favorite movie :)
#TebowGotTradedFor A PACK OF CONDOMS
back in town time for a Loft VinoQ deck jam how's next week?
I want track 1!!!!
Jacobs suppose to finish recording next week you know what that means. *Cough* #EP *cough*
what? What'd MW do to him?
Houston Dynamo kick off their season in a few minutes vs Chivas at 6 PM CT. With the new stadium opening in May this should be a great year!
I was breaking someone on court side :) I was working that's why
a bigger post on finery's new incarnation will be up on the website tomorrow! xox
Amen! RT : Love dreaming bigger than I have before. I want to get in over my head this year. Trusting God.
amen to that. These kids on my bus this morning didnt know what the hell they were talking about.
Never set yourself up for failure...
whoa i just clicked on the Chiodos hashtag and a whole bunch of people i follow were on there.....
hugs to you!!! lots of people love and support you, no matter the trials you face XOXO
: I will never falter in the face of fear or doubt.
Well Manchester you really brought it tonight. Look out London were coming for you. Live dvd shoot tomorrow night!!!
Winning the hearts and minds transformative in building post-Katrina coalitions says How do we sweep in MORE people?
rihanna and chris brown!!! though its over..
RT There's no place like home
Seriously you are ok, don't ever change cuz of me RT : I gotta watch what I tweet. My mom reads my TL. Sorry :(
please follow my new account iam already following u.
Like the new LinkedIn "Company Follow" option.
that was close phew!
agreed... I've learned to live with it!
I'm not a role model or a Dr. Seuss. Yo I'm a gangsta.
love the chair, great job!
(cont) applied for you, if you like. our phone agents do not have access to web only offers, unfortunately.
crazy day.... just booked a flight to leave melbourne in 6 weeks... feels weird =\
#Movember RT Tim Thomas' mustache is threatening to replace Thanksgiving as the best November tradition.
Headin' to the north country later today to see some savvy Flagstaff Business New clients. Will be dodging I-10 and I-17 idiots.
RT : Follow for live updates from 1 p.m. Phylicia Barnes news conference.
hahaha love it! ;)
“: Whoever wins the Mega tonight needs to let me Host there Celebration Party... 45 47 !!!!”
Just received the award for Conner Prairie.. an incredible moment
sick life bro!
bringing back childhood memories of summers spent on #Corsica filled w charcuterie cheese & rosé wines straight from the barrel.
haha. looks like u got some competition for best impression. lil girl is GOIN IN!! crazy!
SHIT! You're amazing with your videos(: keep it up dude! You're cute btw(~;
what are you wearing tomorrow?
GG , now get to see Darren Elias put on a clinic at least.
YES. I'm terrible at standardizing on one airline, so that would be brilliant. I'd be a beta customer!
that awkward moment wen u call ur teacher mum!
There is battering going on with my give-aways
Make this week your best week yet!
“: Oh, you took 20 minutes to text him back because it took him 10? That will show him who’s boss.” hahahah
“Sound of My Voice”: A tense sci-fi puzzler
Wouldnt it be HYSTERICAL if that rumor was true....Trevon Martin's heart wound up in Dick Chaney's chest.
So Steve, was just looking up your location on Google Maps. What's it like living in Vasteras? Do you have a house there?
Be ultra careful when trying to help people swim out of a situation. You might end up drowned.
#Giants sack!!
"rondo with the 3" is once again trending
As well you should! But I haven't forgotten. RT : Sometimes I feel like a survivor from a LOST era of Hip Hop warriors..
I can't believe the incomplete pass on the play after the fake field goal. You can't over throw in the situation.
Great to see you at dinner the other night man. Always appreciate the great work you do!
A year ago today iSam's Mom aired. It's been only 12 episodes (counting 1hr specials as 2 episodes; if not then only 9 episodes) since then.
I was looking forward to slurpees with the sister. Oh well
For those who havent heard we broke up! check out our new projects. Meier is in Regret Night, Dom is in Before Were done and david is a DJ!
Awesome. What are you sipping?
show was dizzying and i didn't get to see all of it closely. i'm definitely going back for a second look.
Total couch potato day, spent watching Veronica Mars ... thank you netflix streaming boobtube.
Just got Peep installed on my phone, am I able to tweet?
Happy Birthday to my girl <3
RT : We struggle to find answers when we search outside ourselves.
Sex Scenes with Parents = Forever Awkward
Letty loves Sleep
Dear Phone, PLEASE WORK AGAIN !!!! BC I NEED YOU ! tht and i wanna order pizza
#CiscoLive Local Edition in Jackson MS. Looking forward to new #datacenter info.
Fact: if you went to hs in oak park you are at most 3 degrees from every person current & past in oak park.
sorry and Nate said he want to kick your booty 😄❤
Babbbbbyyyyy I want to
Thanks ladies! I figured as much. Trying to encourage school to develop district wide policy
On the main page, click the link for the Saturday Sports show, scroll down to the archive list, click. ;)
Watching DWTS, eating my salad...spicey thai so yummy!
I'm looking for a good way to listen to the radio online. I need some talk radio or something besides pandora... what do y'all use?
Follow back?:)
55% Off Margaritas at Casa De Lara in Madison. www.dealoria.com
Thanks for the reply, but being we were only 5 naked vampires, I thought we could get IMDB credits...Anything helps.
Thanks for the mention, David!
thanks so much Ted! Would love to meet you afterwards - stop by our office next to the bookcase
My Girl Literally NEVER Answers The Phone
we need to rectify immeds. Also, did you watch the drag race tonight? What did willam do to get kicked off?!
learning the language and working on art stuff
I thank God everyday that I'm an Atheist.
#QuoteDay 3. If i was your boyfriend i'll never let you go i can take you places you aint never been before.e
Thank you!
Carly&Caley this girls is JUST AMAZING,I <3 You!
Put it on her shoulder so she can put it on her mind later on...
These situations allow us to identify the phonies. Just like those who were 'surprised' MLB players did 'roids.
Ya gotta believe in somethin'.....
RT : Create your FREE Basic Membership to StartingUp Now Skillcenter to connect, share, and market your business ideas. Go...
Agreed! RT : #BigOmaha, after ur done partying, hit up for some delicious street food! 12th & Jackson until 2:30 am.
DarkoIvancevic Thanks for the follow. Next time you're surfing, stop by our place. (www.wsistratcom.com)
After waiting over an hour for our pick-up order, we got a refund and are going next door to yum!
will i be seeing you all in a couple weeks for #toyotawomen too? I hope so!
well i cant argue with ya there big guy.
Having a great time with Gwen, Bob, & Erica! Shout out to Tracy!! Woo!
Choosing to lead in extraordinary times: Robin Muldor, Free Library of Philadelphia, Kensington Branch is doing amazing work!
Does anyone else get that out of body effect when writing (akin to that "whoa! I wrote that? I don't even remember doing it" feeling)?
Seeing a spike in Fukushima, Extension Level Event & No 4 reactor in my social feeds. Is this alarmism or do we have our heads in the sand?
time to rap! :]
watching cartoons with my daughter on a saturday morning...
Yes I have someone here in Jax like that but it is minimal=)
Ann, don't you know conferences are a chance to get away from your day job ;) And yes, #confab12 was great. cc
I have 2 big events Monday in NYC--one on reporting the war at Powerhouse Arena and one on peaceful aging at the Shambhala Ctr. DM for info
I can never listen to Adele without thinking about
Of the 39 U.S. Supreme Court 2011-2012 law clerks, 13 are Harvard Law graduates, the most of any law school this term.
What a shame that the auto place is right next to the mall ;)
I'm sure I would be surprised. Hasn't Ron Paul run for presidency several times now?...I think Obama has it again
c'ant wait to see federer today. My champ
The Critic Surveys are consistently making my week.
Moderation in all things...except Pizza!!!
Someday you'll regret losing me.
Think it's overrated.
Uncle larry was talkin so fuckin much today -_____-
aw dang
Just in time...last day of Dine Around...enjoy!
If he did me, I do it. Love makes you stupid. </3
Sitting in garage smoking & eating candy from some past holiday & I am frozen
Well, when you're like 7'5" it's hard to stay low:)
Festival of Trees at The Paramount starts Nov. 27 at 9:30 with Children's Magical Toy Story Christmas. Tickets $5 at the box ofc.
interested in an internship ?
Windows are open and for the cats this is the MOST EXCITING DAY.
Problems are to the mind what exercise is to the muscles, they toughen & make strong. -Norman Vincent Peale
Drag night went off nicely! congrats and thank you to all my queens that came through! We're gonna do this every Thurs
i love aubree she is so cute
I love you too my angel!
Are you joining us for the ha! party tomorrow?
RT I owe it to myself to CHOOSE to be happy and surround myself with happy ppl.
you are so sweeettt
Ha nigga ain't never finna be popped off!
If someone in your group of friends is nicknamed "Old School" then you are a douche
my friend used to have one and theyre ugly and weird lol
In Temecula today working with another school. We're happy to work with any and all schools and counselors - contact us.
": let me guess...it's lunch time!!?? -___- hahaha" Yes:P & My Is About To Die 14%-___-
Interesting. But, according to MasterCard? I'm already skeptical.
It's true. I've suffered in silence too. RT Girls is actually really fucking good. Feel free to confiscate my black card.
thanks for the follow <3 I followed ya back!
El Barco on Ashland. Seafood + Mexican but tons of grilled vegetables available. Low key (but busy on Friday).
you two have something in common...!
Bored af! Nobody to talk to.
Please don't worry ab me, I'm fine .
Haha maybe the CTA conductor follows you and will start the train as soon as they see your tweet...
has a very special guest #Shaquille O'Neil in the building!!! in Paris #Las Vegas
Make that trade every day if you're getting Vick!!!
Bruins "top 6" you are breaking my heart right now
I followed her please tell them :-)
it only took RR 171 games to figure out Corey Hart sucks... Great lineup for a solid chance at
#life...its nt the count of how many bitches & nighas yu slept with but the count of the ones who actully had a impact on yur life..js
certainly the simple things in life
don't be like and drink too many amstels before the show starts...
Information or data?
#FourWordsYouDontWantToHear "Barack Obama for President"
i love but i dont wanna hurt the other feelings
I don't need you. I just want you.
Eating Tacitos.Watching Keeping Up With The Kardashians.
ehhh ... You know I just smelled his presence
RT Did Santiago send you? Are you one of Santiago's people?
My weekend starts today (YaY)
Yes I have done that but not recently.
Good Morning!!!
I missed my boo :(
we love you justin:)
you text me loser face :p
Look, a puddle.
not here. It's beautiful
At Seven, we go to church twice a week: Wednesdays at 7 & Saturdays at 6 Do whatever you have to do to get there!
Thanks for the third book! You're amazing. My daughter is thrilled with the series.
lol, there was plenty of room! My friend has a decent size basement for entertaining. I fell asleep on the couch around 3
I'm getting sleepy shower needed I'm sleep so good til he come kissing on me
lmao yeah i heard! I'm jealous aha
Sorry For No tweets. Been Busy.
thanks for sharing great news about #yoga!
have you read the new Palahniuk novel, by chance?
“: #LakersFans Must suck to be yall right now.” lol sucks to suck
btw, where ARE the questions coming from? cld u plz share w/ me?
Help Trend & Verify ; By Saying ; Verify PSanders !!
Yes. You just have to activate it. But why?
New Treatments For Arthritis - WTVQ
Good post! Enjoyed reading it! :)
Happy Mothers Day to my amazing Momma! Love you, ! I appreciate you!
it's the latest gen and maxed out. The best laptop I've ever used.
Good afternoon - hope you're doing well today!
thanks for the listing!
seemed the least i could do for putting your faith in us! i hope we don't let you down — let me know what you think!
beautiful and sunny but busy day out workin at the nursery gr8t turnout, more awesome I actually got a sunburn, great pain better than rain!
Jonny Craig's voice is smooth.
Thanks, it's all yours!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 48
I LOVE U <3
wats up homie. Trying to make some connections ur area. Lets work
Dude, what happended?! You LOVE Justin Bieber! You took your your girlfriend to see the movie!
Happy Monday! We'll be in the #designdistrict today 2-6pm. Look for us around NE 39st and @ Ave...
Watching my Madz today, getting ready & then seeing miss
My hearts falling for you but my minds telling me don't do it you might get heart broken again.
Instead of 'famous', my japanese teacher says 'famurrs'. AWH
Share the pics of you rockin out to VP! We wanna see!
A few GNU tools, a handful of Ruby code, some imagination, and poof! a tool to map links on a web site.
it doesn't hurt. :) I had mine done last year but I took it out for reasons :p
I want to be international singer like my beloved but I want to go to America, she is my idol to follow :) :) :)
Thank you so much.. i retweeted..
MY bad, these 140 characters lol....and maybe the wine lol...
I hope we get a good turn out tomorrow @ TryOuts. We'll be having my b-day party there.
OMG IT'S HOT! :::wipes sweat..grabs a coke..sits in front of turbo blaster...clicks on WWW.RADIO-MEMPHIS.COM::: AH!! COME ROCK W/ ME!!!
Good morning I was greeted by one of your Luv Embassadors at Midway blowing bubbles! She floated away b4 I could snap a pic.
Oh no! I'll have to see if I can fix that. It'll probably be too warm now for her to wear it. But maybe a teddy bear can...
I just came to say "HELLO" ^.^
RT : “: RT : after it premiered on 106&park will it go on straight after?”
: so excited that you're a #Seahawk!!!!!! Love you!
Being nosey only pushes me more away..
Back to Work
Serena Williams. she aight stop sweating her.
Full house (:
Can you tell what is going on or is it too difficult to say?
Today's workshop. "Ttweetout": Our biggest challenge is raising funds for the free resources we provide!
Sex Scandals Are Good For Business! Herman Cain Raised A Whole Lot Of Cash Yesterday via
Create a shared repository for sharing documentation of policies and processes
72 holes of golf in 2 days.... Makes for a sore day!
Dillard looks very erratic
“: Thanking God for giving me the opportunity to live one more day.” praise the Lord 🙌
HUG2010 generated ideas, new relationships, and renewed marketing vigor for HubSpot customers and those following from afar
Bored with the commercials already.
Be patient when completing each task. Completing goals takes time, but it's worth it when you get there! www.IamINC.biz
Ice Hotels are awesome. I think they're great bc they take a negative - long, cold winter and turn it into a positive/tourism
Thank You Kathryn for your kind words. Always Think BIG!
Cannot get out of bed so I guess i will just have to watch The Lion King for the night...
Go get one then! Haha
The more you say, the less people remember. -Francois Fenelon Nuff said. Have a great week end
Wow boot to the head. Cruz hope you're alright...
C'mon that would be so unlike Lovie Smith. RT : All the Hester talk from #Bears camp this offseason reeks of smoke and mirrors.
Gram comes home from the hospital today! Here's to hoping that she stays well thru the next chemo and surgery! (and 3 more chemos)
very likely RT : Great column. Take away? Restricted tag should inhibit but eliminate movement. Explanation: Collusion
the bird or the hockey fans?
I love and miss so much!:) please come back i need one last hug from you!:)
Home sweet home
Congratulations to Judy Ramey retiring this year! To this day, I refer to first principles I learned in her courses and LUTE.
Peyton is making new music. new videos and possible an ALBUM !? ahh i absolutely cannot wait<21
possibly Rick Dudley related?
soccer practice tomorrow at 9 in the morning. ._______. great.
When girls are in love they come up with every excuse to cover up what they bf do....smh
To our good friend who suffered a bad knee injury, get well soon sir :)
Close to the last boss!!
The cats love the little bridge that goes over the fish pond. Gives them a better view.
my laptop sucks and won't load the page. ):
Feeling thirsty? Wet yer whistle at Fire tonight with 2-for-1's til 7:00 and $1 off all taps....YOU win Mke!
#Mario Williams.. and the Bears? Say it aint so...
So proud of my sister
Sub51 tonight message ChiIL Productions for tables or comp bottles for ladies.
It doesn't have to feel like Friday to be FRIDAY!
xbox or ps3?
'Bouta drive a BIG ass car home 😁 #PrayingWeAllDontDie ...
I just wanna love u baby
What a beautiful mess this is. Well its like taking a guess when the only answer is yes
I eat there enough... can probably branch out a little :)
Reviewing volunteer work on the #PealeBCLM photo print inventory list. A lot was left out so I'm pulling all 90 boxes...
Got my new youtube channel! Check it out JilianEMcLendon
and befriend commas.
"Treat me like a queen and I'll treat you like a king. Treat me like a game an ill show you how it's played."
Don't let that guy get to you,WHEN your show gets picked up,you'll have the last laugh!
Michael Crichton~ Absence of proof is not proof of absence.
you here ? Happy padres game!
"and how do you feel?" ... Were all gonna get laid!!
Did a lot at the gym tonight. I feel refreshed;)
Celebrating accomplishments of local volunteers who have contributed to 20 years of "Volunteer Fairfax" -- at Service Awards breakfast.
dude, you're Alec Baldwin!
oh ok ok ok i feel you....u cant just scare them like that at first...especially cuz u like the only black person lol
Austin has a dog and two cats. RT if you've ever seen them on Ustream!
how are you?(:
Working on some stuff related to Hale Boggs today, and getting a crash course around J. Edgar Hoover, Civil Rights Act, 1968 convention, etc
So can someone explain what the big deal is about a dude dunking in a women's basketball game?
that & I'm a year older, so more freedoms ! :) haha :p what time is where you are?
TEENS! TOMORROW THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO! (SUPER FOAM PARTY) LAST TEEN NIGHT OF THE SUMMER! OVER 1000 TEENS!!
#thatdepressingmomentwhen goes on a RTing spree and you still go unnoticed -.- ahahah #oneday :D
I Anit Been Tweetin Like I Do.
Fuck yeah just said hi to Lee Ranaldo.
How do you feel about NATO?
thanks Eileen! :)
Maybe she's finally going to concede? :plz <--that means "please?"
“: Guys think they can live the single life til There 40! It's going to get old. Trust me.” pimpin since been pimpin
It's time for the Knicks to win a championship
Done looking at conference minutes for my research!
Haha omg me #marlene and though x)
I cant sleep....
Way to support you home country haha jk
I'm getting to pandora now . I left my wallet home and had to go back like a retard
But They Said Junior Year that's when we mostly gone be signing up for colleges .
should be Kellen Moore if he's still available.
-- watching #HopeFloats. Love this movie. One of my faves.
Child actress/model looking for open casting calls
Late night #Phillies game, #Flyers not til Wednesday! Guess I'll catch up on the DVR for a few hours. What first-Coms or Drams?
I left 2 balls up. If not having 2 balls drop means you can't handle your shit then never gonna get blazed.
RT It's a marvelous day to celebrate the riches of Gods grace...enjoy the moment...He paid for it with His life!
I love you too and yay I'm proud of you! :)
lol go to jamba juice or the dollar store and find yourself a hottie!
Improvised--- no matches or candles for my friend's son's Bday cake. Step up: Iphone zip lighter match on my iphone. Kids loved it!
There's a zombie outbreak in my neighborhood tonight. I've already killed like 5 of them.
I heart YOUR guts! :) but seriously, I was fuming this am. It's why I avoid watching the news.
The average person checks their phone 150 times a day or every 6.5 minutes. I always excel vs. others. So back off! :)
Thought you would've asked me out by now...
it is a beautiful house. Amazing
we love folk alliance memories!
u a good person tho for helping them out..
A daring escape...? New page update today at www.rocketrobinson.com
frenchy. Francoeur. He is European correct?
If ur in the #Philadelphia area, and have a great #videogame #addiction story, let me know! Starting production on a show for u
Shouldn't it be called a "hairScut" not a "haircut"? Unless you really are just getting 1 hair cut...
RT : Loved ref w/ a kid who said he didn't like reading...now walked out with 3 books. #libraries ftw! // We r all in sales.
To all our friends and family, have a Blessed and Happy Thanksgiving!!!`
Gians vs. Eagles, returns. This should be an epic Sunday.
AND I HATE LIBRARIES... There I am done... Calm now! I am so ready to throw down...Its been a long three years...
thanks. keep listening
i dont get it i didnt see any of your responses to peoples questions?
RT : Vision without execution is delusion.- Thomas Edison
OMG, I didn't even know today was March the 18th/19th. lol. I thought it was like the 15th. LOLOL. I'm such an idiot. >.<
Hot cheese up front
cute Jake
Rush has a Facebook page called ”Rush Babes for America” I FEEL CHEATED! Where is your Facebook page ”Dana Hunks for America”?
Yes I do!
office descends into loud conversation after mass realization that we've all seen people come up from zynga, use our bathroom and not flush
GET TAN TODAY! *Specials TODAY ONLY* ALL UV and Mystic Instant Tans $10 each! Various BOTTLES of LOTION up to 75% OFF! MEMBERSHIPS on SALE!
Watching a live demo of #sidevibe via #gotomeeting with #jkuglin Scott Fearnley, and Drew Murphy. Amazing!
#SignsYouLostAFight You get asked if your going to press charges
RT : Lucas oil stadium lookin good
Any chance there is discount for clubs to buy multiple copies for an event???
Hunger games for the second time, loved it even more ah
Get to shouting. It's the one Lauren had on the the softball game..
I'm still mad that the Facebook app doesn't have that page where you can put people's profiles. Now it's so hard to creep on
weed and fuss around in the garden so I'll have some pics too!
Dear Migraine god - please back off for the next 2.5 hours while I teach. Is wearing sunglasses while teach taboo?
Damn i got a headache from dancing like a psycho today>.<
Dear , I really really really want to get #Boyfriend right now and listen to it</3 STOP TEASING ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!(:
I think you know but you should ask someone soon if you wait to long everyone will have a date
I'm sorry to hear that, best wishes to you all
I've never missed anyone so much in my whole life <3
No I love getting home at midnight from work and then have to be back at 9
"Tootsie bandit" pleads not guilty
The Cali Roll love is the Cali native in me! My first roll was a California Roll in Japantown when I was 5.
Telling is not selling. Real selling is persuasion. Asking questions that lead your client to his own conclusion under your influence is it
Cash is KING!
haha looks like a bunch of us were watching the #SMCSac account when you tweeted us about June 1.
so i just saw one of our tweets made it into 's favorite and we thought he forgot about us . <3
Anytime Dave, I'd bet she'd like your style. While I'm at it, meet , whose moxie is totes "post-bin Laden".
Toure is an absolute idiot.Watched the interview.He's a smarmy self promoter using Trayvon to elevate his own profile. Stick to bee keeping.
that's akin to saying the US rejected something based on how California voted...
Have to be up in 3 hours 👿
all black children look alike to u, don't they?
aw miss you too!msg me ur address so i can send u my babyshower/bday invitation! my bday is this sat but the party isnt till nov.
no, you are!
XandO_MyKitty okay. Ill let you know what's good. Hopefully I start this job this week lol.
Dude, how hurt are you? We need u in there. Is Ozzie nuts or u really this much consistent time off? I say swap with Gaby.
it's why I'm at Walmart now!
First Hi. First Chat. First Date. First Kiss. First Fight. First Breakup. First Heartbreak
Bike. The antidote to my day.
I lived in Fl for a few years. The littlest Ladybug is a rabid Gator fan!
Check out my newest novel titled, "We, the Enslaved," published by PublishAmerica. Get a copy today for only $29.99. A must read!
LAZER FRENZY won 1st place for best new product at the 2009 International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions show in Las Vegas!
I can't believe I'm missing the season premiere! Damn you, AMC
Q10. Something amazing that happened as a result of tweeting
Wow wtf. Alexis
CayLeigh waited months to get her replacement Leapster 2 (due to my laziness...) And now has had it a cool 12 hrs and ruined it. WTF?!
I'm glad Twitter's back up in time for us to woot woot the TD!
why can't I text you?? ):
Yes sir it was the last one for the year and mandatory. That's good that a lot of people showed up, who took pictures?
Charles & Kenny are the most annoying bastards.
Awesome talk w/ van driver re: Branson, MO.
Scope a better future. The participation of the conscious ensure that it happens.
Retail sucks sometimes.... Ok retail sucks all the time
He think he balllllinnn
what time?!?
#Comfortfood : Lunch Special: Homemade Meatloaf, Mashed Potatoes & Side Salad, comes w/ any Draft for $10
Aye Sh-Shawty What's Your Name? What's Your Number?
ok call me tonight ma"am
yes...back to normal :-)
After the premiere of iDate Sam & Freddie, an all new Victorious episode ("Helen Back Again") will air! It all starts Saturday @ 8PM EST.
EVERYONE!!!!!! GO FOLOW OR ILL UNFOLLOW YOU!! THERE AMAZING!!!!!!!!!
If I'm a Liverpool fan I'm actually furious this team didn't show up in the 1st half on Saturday.
GREAT. Olbermann Where he shines! A smart voice! TY
On a serious note...shut the hell up
New York is heavy when it rains....yep...heavy.
oh certainly not...say my name and everythang....lol
Fuck a wine set nigga fuck a mind set
Meeting adjourned!
so soothing!
he got a ring a ring though
all I ask is for is to see your name on my followers list. Make it happen? Please? Ha I love you Austin :)
M rain.
your getting old brotha
Do we need to keep referring to"gay rights"? Let's just call it what its - human rights.
these lyrics are pretty overt metaphors. i'm thinking change in marital status. anyone else?
Haven't ate all day
I guess because it was directed by a British director and filmed in London (?)
The Green Room.
but nothin, watching my Cubs
Please follow me u r an inspiration and an amazing singer! Now everyone go follow Alyssa NOW!
great! Enjoyed hearing your insights at the last
ZOMG TV equals mega #dramz! And I'm just watching a cooking show
If you're Melvin, do you kick the tires on Derek Lee or Bobby Abreu?
Missing the game smh
niggaz dont know about that crown fried....some real up north shit! -chicken man-
Oh it's not targeted: it's just part of the ongoing general cyberwar: China & the Arab world the continuing attackers.
We agree! Thanks for the mention!
Lol haha I'm lady gas-ga
Thanks for the link! And for the record, I totally love my senior citizen mother. Even though she's an Obama voter.
Incredible Ice Hotel In Sweden Open only since mid-December till mid-April
Thanks for the follows everyone!!!
I think social media is everyone's electronic biography, right? :)
you look like your a little tired in your picture,are you getting any rest.
But all guys I have met, are douche bags.
I think I am! The horror... lol
yea baby
Is there LINK to the "Lobbying for Architecture" infographic? I loved it, but received it as a PDF...
but their sparkling vinegar is excellent
For our NY followers RT : The Shakespeare Forum's Hamlet auditions are 2/2 and 2/4. Please email
remember the great feeling you felt when you clicked the "follow" button? No, maybe it was just me, anyway, I've lost that feeling.. so sad!
Gotta be up at 7am!! :( Time for sleep!
I am quoting the good Dr. Sealand "You are too strong to be defeated" my mantra today.
What is the best reality tv show of 2011??? comment
Exiled Books
Sleep is such a waste of time. Too bad it's biologically required. I could take over the world if I never had to sleep.
Its friday an it ant shit to do
": The call just came in from Stern."<-watch out, u may have 15k taken out of your pocket
thats the Cubs mantra!...& the pizza & beer is permanent..especially deep dish!
asks "what if students reflected on learning experiences in a way that is adaptive, integrative, and social?"
saw that - I smiled How nice to be at church ahead of time for services - and i figured Joe was washing dishes!
- which country are you in? i want to copy your statement in an email to my foreign rights agent! :)
You told Victor!!!! LOL 😢
I freaking love high school musical
Omg this is so hillbilly
I am very aware of the situation with the Coliseum and the Islanders. I try to answer as many of you as possible whenever possible
My vote goes to those who uphold the constitution & protects free speech. #SOPA and #PIPA are not constitutional.
ha ha...good pick up mate. Yeah they probably do!!! good win by the girl. Who wins Nadal V Djoko?
I thought she was cute until she opened her mouth.
Great game Maryville! Great game!
IDK if you mean - AMIA - is full of hot air :) Good ideas too, but a lot of ranting. It's the most *interesting* listserv I've seen, anyway!
The link is up for the last game of tonight go to www.watchnhllive.com and register and enjoy tonights game and every game in the future !!!
what you up to?
no more excuses now - time to get in shape!
Fantastic article! Gave me some ideas for #THATCampOSU sessions. Thanks!
I already know Fam!!!
Just wanted to add my thx to the #cwcon hosts for not only the great conference but also their support of the #collaborvention and
I LOVE it! Good for you! It can be addictive.
Thanks again for shopping with us this weekend!
College bathroom graffiti is just a whole other level of play. Highschoolers, get ready to step your game up. These are the big leagues.
oh that's right you live way out over there.
"We are where banners are born."
Both of my bosses are potentially out all week... Party time at PsychicCenter.
Hey, Pictures from Derrick Carter look great, anyway you can send those pictures for us to have?! I'll DM you the email.
“This above all: to thine own self be true.” – William Shakespeare
Feather from the sky tickles. A young avocado roots within vast desert sea. Two sparrows mate, spread ashes of longing across Sedona sky.
definitely fits you good
I have never watched it!
Moved the computer into the living room and now it feels like a check in desk for a brothel.
www.chicagodjnetwork.com “Chicago DJ Network” is playing my music.
HEY i AM ON LIVE JASMIN AT 12 AM... SEARCH PERFORMER LAILAONLINE I'LL BE THERE
Oh okay! You had me worried for a second
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle
Let's win this in OT
#YergerTech's will do social media for your company @ discounted rate E-mail distribution included. Save $100! Offer ends #Christmas! Hurry!
you and rocked it. Nice work.
not so bad ;)
There was a whole lot of "ew" in last night's episode.
so were you stay at
remember less than two months ago when we were complaining about how it was too hot for running on 10.10.10? ahh. good times.
I'm the man, yeah I said it. Bxtch I'm the man don't you forget it.
I hope that means you n drizzy are finally puttin out a song haha
Haha, my friends have a great taste in music!
Man this world is just about all the way screwed up til its scares me to watch the news. Im not lying
Just here Listening to Music & you ?(:
": We can go to the same meetings. I, also, have been outcast because of my inability to love the Pixies." W/ darth mask?
#CentralTxFires Vacation Rental Owners n #Austin area offering #wildfire evacuees free or discounted rates on homes bit.ly/otx751
Mad Graffiti Week Iran
RT Just found out I'll be interviewing star John Shurna on tonight!
Great little evening with two sweet girls. Thanks for the healthy, delish dinner.
Share with your followers... its your support that matters!!
no hurry :-) have a great weekend!
woooahhooo the sweetest thing
you fancy, huh? ;)
Aloha right back to you! Have a great weekend. ;-)
HGMS basketball game :-)
:( Ok! Atlanta get together, soon!
lol aww school can be a drag but it's worth it in the end, I know it's cliche but it's true. Yeah I've been focusing on school 2..
A brand for me, what is my unique value proposition?
This fool said rabbits lay eggs!!! Bahahaha 😭😂😭😂. What school u went to?!?
Lol every kid cusses around there friends no kid cusses around there parents
: Pop is the sound of a song exploding.
Alas no--Library of Congress has microfilm copy of Shaw papers
corruption, human rights violations, compulsory military draft, compulsory orthdoxy, disgusting climate....nothing's changed.
Good morning.
hi! Lol yep I'm good like that
ur so welcome n thank u
LOOOOL THAT WAS SO WEIRD
#ff the sexiest Aquarius ever!
It's been an incredibly productive week for us, how about you? Did you challenge yourself?
“: I'm giving up for Lent.” does this mean you're wearing sweat pants in public?
Haha. Tomorrow you can be the judge on whether or not it's misplaced trust. :-)
Fug that shiiiiiit, I'm watching beach volleyball
THANKS MY DUDE !!
tsk tsk god its late but idc its complicated......u all wouldnt understand...........:'(
really? i think id become a nun
I LOVE YOU MORE! Deff need to hang out soon :)
RT : Wymondham High School students win national film award at the BFI in London: Footage from Death's Apprentice, pr......
Wait, can you forward the memo? Last I heard we were on a mission to force black women to have abortions
Body Aching And Shit !
Yeah, I see it.
Mango, Strawberries, Kale, almond milk-yum. The #Maca root takes a bit of the yum away but it's good for me, right?
hahahah glad you discovered this in a text with me “: If something's funny but awkward : lawk”
Bout to be on the westbank...
Didn't know you were in Nashville. Tell Billy that Big Ed says howdy. He a good guy that Billy.
Didnt think it was normal for street lights to be on during the day.
You Bomb Like Atomic <3
Not to discount tampa's surge...but when the goalie mask comes off...the whistle is supposed to blow. BS goal.
you didn't enjoy the tropics of Wohink? Bring the lady down to LA this summer and we will hit up Catalina
Just got kicked off northwest mutual grounds via loudspeaker for taking pics. If your going to kick someone off at least show your face!
I got a lot of associates and very few friends
I am assured of my purpose when I look in the mirror and not only see my dark skin,but the dark skin of countless generations before
Not liking this fucking rain
with who?
Are you looking for mostly fashiony stuff or does kitcheny stuff count too? So many good kitchen Goodwill finds! And a shredder.
Good morning good tweeples
i haven't seen 11.10, but i hope it's not worse than 11.04. had to go back to ubuntu classic interface
i don't think my doggy feels good :(
I'm real scared to wash my car. There might suddenly be rain showers in the forecast .......
Rain! Last measurable rainfall was on December 18th, and that was only .11". Should have 3 days of rain next weekend...
RT: “: I used #birthcontrol while deployed with my husband so I *wouldn't* get pregnant & sent home. #iamnotaslut”
I didn't get old on purpose, it just happened. If you're lucky, it could happen to you. Andy Rooney
Mac won't turn on properly ever. It wouldn't turn on at all today after OS X update. 8am Apple Store slot, I'm on my way… :(
Thanks! And likewise to you and ours.
I rather carry a satchel than a purse anyday .
Hope you guys are having a great weekend!
Tonight seems like a great time to try another new menu item at Beta: Confit Rabbit and Wild Mushroom Bread Pudding. Bon Appetit!
i'll be there (:
In A Rush one if my fav tracks!
Big Daddy is my movie tho
.I could sleep on the floor in my work clothes. Every year it gets worse:-). -- Maggie Kane () I USED to feel that way too
where in dha hell is u at i went to ur house and ur aunt house come get mhe
My man's out of town & what do I want to do? Watch baseball (the rest of the year, I beg to change the channel!). Bring on the Boomstick!
Who is gonna win tonight? Rangers or Yanks
Appreciate it, man!
LOL — If only that were true!
Major upgrade of the Banshee Scream going on. Getting ready for DH in Vermont. Will post pictures on Facebook next week.
What happens when the gods get to actin like the broads
do you like sports? beer?
Love how he challenges the idea that only those who can think like a computer are good programmers.
Thanks Megan for following. I'll be sure to keep you posted. I wish you the best.
Yes! It has been months. MONTHS.
the term today is applicable to a very small per centage of fathers. Most want to help but are forced out by enforcement!BOOK!
It's all fun and games until Outlook reminds me about a meeting that you meant to cancel.
Thank you, !! Ready to get you some new fans. How can there be Chicagoans not already be in love w/ you?
Somehow that is awesome.
I stay rolling up trees..
What's your favorite song? Share with all of our shastician friends!
": wasn't good enough of a boy today maybe tom" the story of Konz slipping and sliding into GB?
oh wow what was the stunt?
Truly live and you will find love! Learn to love and life abounds! DM
Romney calls President Obama "divisive." Once again, the pot calling the kettle Kenyan.
Another example of "I didn't leave the Rep. Party, it left me." Lack of focus on financial issues and just plain dumb social stands.
email us at
Great Idea! MT #CT2011 Creativity&Collab Idea Anyone building match.com web db of #university research to empower connections?
nobody i want to talk to is texting me back.
Where is everybody!? D:
Just got in trouble by the church for having to much fun :/ come on just live a little!
I feel balanced! My man pierced me again!
Bummer that our site will be down temporarily as we repair some damages from a hack. We will be back shortly and better than ever in no time
Most Americans use between 100-175 gallons of water a day. How many gallons of water a day do you think the average Haitian uses?
thanks baby. How have YOU been? Come visit me
that's sucks so bad, you better come in and see me still!
Good morning!
Woah alright. That part was disturbing, I won't lie. I was creeped out by that. My favorite in the 2nd one is when he puts..
Good stuff. Get inspired!
How about Miami? I have an extra 'fins' jersey just waiting for you...
oh wow! Gotta keep the ass and tits covered Wtf?! There goes keeping the kids focused! ;)
I miss you to! Of course! 💜
According to Penn World Tables, P GDP per capita in Mexico now is about what it was in the US in 1950.
#AnchorBias : I just missed, because the top 10 wasn't a Top 40
RT : the date is wrong >> May 18th! #CHICAGO Sorry! Fixed!
Phil is an idiot. Just fire him.
Thanks, Kate! I'm always happy to take requests, too. The newer and/or weirder, the better.
im just got terrible news...my grandma is sick...i hope she'll be fine :(
Kurt Vonnegut~ Like so many Americans she was trying to construct a life that made sense from things she found in gift shops.
installed and at the same time.
isn't that the truth!
So glad the lockout is over. Now to get all the #Colts merchandise in order
Even the most biased NY fan has to admit that 14 threes and 66.7% in one half is a fluke.
Dont ask me a question like that and not reply when I answer.
Need to escape to a quiet place in Chinatown away from the #Caps madness? We're ready for you! Just blocks away from the metro, 5th & Mass
Faith begins where man's power ends...
Something is not right with me! ...how was I supposed to know? Something is not right with me! ...tryin' not to let it show! -
Y do fat bitches wear clothes even skinny girls shouldn't wear?? Half cut shirts and shid??? >__<
Enjoying my day off at the beach relaxing.
Check out some of our Twit pics for our shirts. They were great!
We rock. RT : GREAT DAY! 30 pets sleeping in their new homes for the first time 2nite! 10 more packing bags to go home tomorrow!
yessir! Gonna do it next year!
Checked out NFL's Evolution page (promoted in Goodell's fan ltr). adidas cleats feat as 1st turf shoes; Nike shown in "new cleats" category.
thank you <3
A professor of mine keeps using the term "over-exploitation" and its making me rage
He's always been cautious. Too cautious perhaps. He wants to win reelection and the waters are somewhat uncharted. Look at NC.
RT this if you love your mother
sorry to anybody affected by the phishing link i seem to have clicked on! it was a very convincing one.
Good morning twitter world
PAD tv see ew
thanks for having us last night. so glad i tried the lettuce wraps!
it should count as one of their items though... hopefully it's quickly put in overhead bin. Bon voyage and bon chance! cc/
We have six left. I think I just need to stop eating the cupcakes now.
#shrmva #hr. Happy to see all the Virginia chapters represented at our state leadership conference.
LOL. I'm sure it s true.
Be tremendous.
Hey guys!, we updated our shows on our Facebook come see us! And is coming up soon!
is just like starbucks coffee, if i dont get some of it, im pissed for the rest of the day ;)
And Adele wins album of the year!!! :) Yay!!!
oh no!!! Where are you?
Thats good to hear... sucks you aren't feeling good hope you feel better
Wally Boston now speaking in
Been studying for the past 3 hours. Thank goodness the girl called me at 9pm last night to tell me she could NOT work for me this morning!
app was called Everday.
Just checked out their menu ... looks awesome!!! I will def have to try!
I am not complaining though... I love it!! :)
Rondo is a Beast
Getting off work and it's light outside! I love it!
COME SEE ME PERFO​RM AT T.I. FAREW​ELL TOUR THIS SATUR​DAY (2/28)!! [T.I. Farewell Lineup - T.I., Busta Rhymes, Keri Hilson, Charlie Hustle]
Happy Friday! Shoutout to
#SaySomething makes me wanna drop everything im doing and dance<3 #PERFECTION 6
Chapter 8 Of My #BLS Is Up (: Tweet Me What You Think <3
You will shine like a star if you live with integrity, humility and purity.
where's shake shack?
WEDS NITE @ THE SMILING MOOSE = $5 LABATT PITCHERS During THE PENS GAME! ROCK STAR KARAOKE POST GAME!
hahaha love to see that you are doing better already!!!! the show was amazing last night really wish yall could have played NZT
I Just Like To Drink And Have Fun. Blah
About to watch One Day.
#ndsa Jack Brighton from WILL says content and metadata are the yin and yang of digital media
#TwSIG Junco -Researchers measured student engagement and higher in the experimental twitter group and engagement increased. Active learnin
Me, too! I was seriously just thinking about those huge bows a few days ago. I miss them. I'll bet someone has them on etsy.
awesome, I am so glad you like the books. they r pretty cool. :) thnk u for looking!
I could really give a rats ass where Waldo is.
why is it that you always seem to notice everyone BUT me?
With over 300 events planned for Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week, it's now expected to bring ONE MILLION dollars to the local economy.
The Blind Side is truly such an inspiring movie. I love Sandra Bullock <3
Yep. Total. But I'm kind of okay with it....LOL.
Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as they please.
I swear, there's some jaded people out there who only reply to tweets with something negative to say.
this movie is so fabulous
John madden retired? All right. Now I will be able to understand the commentators.
Yes,my man still can't get over the fact that Hilary lost.
I just don't understand people these days. Smh
…I'd even take Letterman at this point. The Oprah/Uma thing wasn't really that bad.
why do my legs look so short?
Mississippi = GOP governance result: High poverty rate, horrible health care, horrible public education, low wages...
RT : Looking forward to #AskArchivists Day on June 9--ask us about digital preservation & personal archiving! Use
I'm up late tonight! Partyin'.... w/ my dog.
Beach day!
Heading up to Fisher for end-of-day hors d'ouevres (arranged by #badassrobert) to wrap up part 1 of this energizing
u should oovoo me
I also think the book-centric focus shows how every panelist has both a DH work & a trad. book linkage - crossover feel
RT : The greatest impurity is ignorance.Free yourself from it.Be pure. - Buddha
cause I was showing you how it could be worse:)
RT Twitter has become the 2nd screen: not just for televised events but for any event~Twitter CEO Dick Costolo at
Check Out DamnFoolz.com...Check Out RisingModelz.com... Find Me On facebook at Anthony Starks...
I say, Yay! too, Janet! Looking forward to hosting Bryan on his The Skeleton Box tour.
Fridays are always slow I could use some entertainment ha
“: I learn enough by watching you play! Where do you jink my skills came from?” I'm making copies of this
happy weekend!
Love u too mommy !! <3
Can't say I've noticed the famous Scouse wit and friendliness.
The Kings are making the Blues their Queens. I'll be here all night. Actually, I'm going to bed.
3 sets of 30 reps of 170lbs on a crunch machine.
Gettin late here in LA. Going to call it a night. See you guys in the morning!
Holy motherf'n crap--Final Destination 5 rocked my socks. Go! See! NOW!
You're lucky I haven't been to your site in a few months. I don't review sites I see on a regular basis.
So I've had a crush on forever and ever, and I just found out we have the same birthday. Like, twinsies style. Hm.
Rt 100.3 THE PEAK Albuquerque NM: From now until noon, Rio Grande Credit Union will be matching donations.... 272-1003
Crowd looks pretty good tonight...perhaps fireworks night every home game??
Brewing the darkroast it smells so good...
you at the crib?
i saw nerdist on attack of the show chris hardwick is halarious
go to sleep
"Study for learning and understanding." - Absolutely, the word, "exam" is taken out of the directive - process is +
Huge crowd for our March Lunch N Learn - This month's topic is on Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
Hanging the wall text & the wetland arrives from Biohabitats! Final prep here @ 218 w Saratoga for H2OMG -reception this fri 6-9 pm!!
Is messing around on Twitter when she really should be doing other things.
I feel guilty Urgh 😔
We were born to be happy, not to be perfect <3
siri stop acting like pierre mcguire
Stop interviewing hockey coaches during games.
it means he doesn't want to work a respectable job his entire life basically...
Was sad we finished Flash Forward. Why the hell did a show this good (and LOST-ish) get cancelled. I swear the best tv doesn't survive long
Awesome! RT : Is having a relaxing day at Whole Foods Cafe!
but it takes a day to get there lol
I don't know about you, but I am SO not into "day jobs" anymore. I'd rather get paid to do what I love.
going to my grandpas for dinner then going bowling afterwards! It's going to be funn :D
I just want real love.
Zyplen... Yeah I didnt name it..
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
#uCantBeToughAndSay that your ok when deep down your screaming for help!:/
For AFA, having service academy game on CBS is a huge, huge deal in many ways. Kickoff time doesn't matter. Would be same w/ ESPN
Thank you
is a New Star On The Horizon. PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request [Sample} and Info.
Your habits determine your future. ~ Jack Canfield
Threaten one of my teachers !
RT : Can't sleep
This has been a great March Madness minus my gambling...
What I would give to be in Toronto or Gatineau right now!
yes Pirates start this friday .
Happy 1Year Anniversary!!!
Can the angels not swing a bat ? Everyone just bunts
RT : A code-built house is the worst house allowed by law. Does that mean the people who live in it getting a raw deal? yes!
#EverydayIThinkAbout Going back to sleep.
": hahahahahahahah is that ??" look at danni ratting ppl out
Check You DM! PLEASE!!
Lovely choices, but if you have not seen Croatia - it is a must visit! Slovenia's coast is fab, too. Love Turkey & it's food
"B.I.B.L.E = B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth #retweet if you love God ! Remember . . . He saw you read this"
is Legendary ♥
This was last weekends theme song lol #noshame RT Why do I like this song by Kirko Bangz?! Deep down I know this song is NOT good
": I'm black from the waste down. #bigschwanky" I believe it- family resemblence and all
oh stop it. Your so cute.
Yes it shall! Poor slappy will be beside himself.
And I don't blame the Pixar guy. No way someone that talented can mess that up w/o Disney meddling.
FYI by the way that sentence is worded, it sounds like Tom Brady held hands w/ Katy Perry after holding hands w/ Giselle.
whats up bro?! Hoe are you?!:) Grettings from Croatia (Europe):)
Al I've done this weekend is sleep. Somebody make me get up and be productive 💤💤
Oh my goodness! I'll definitely be praying for your dad sweetie! You take your peace by force and trust God w/all of it!
New runner alert. Thomas Wolf just joined the #DNation Milwaukee family! Welcome Tom!
Thanks WDIY 88.1 FM for broadcasting my recording of "Don't Get Around Much Anymore"! Aloha Pennsylvania
I will make sure to pass along to our group ex director! Great idea!
Had 5 bars on my new laptop connect device until I downloaded updates. Now I get 1 bar & it's telling me to move to a better location.China?
Sleepy time
GE stock is at 6.69... they should liquidate NBC to raise capital.
OMG ! Shut the front door! You just gave me new life. This Godess being on Twitter is just everything.
ROFL 'no option to update #Facebook status yet but maybe in 30mins' Love the #startups agility
Im gonna live in a hole for the rest of my life!!! No one visit or contact me this is the last time you will be hearing from moza carozza
When your assumptions are based on perceptions derived from fear the truth becomes blurred!
I am so jealous of people who have high arches.
House Ed Chair Tom Massey says "in excess of two dozen witnesses signed up."
Looking forward to a long weekend
look at me now. hoe. look at me now. fresh than a muthafucker
they were in red! Jennifer, I agree if we get gold they'd do it at The Grove, which would be AMAZING!
I feel awkward when I listen to Justin Bieber, as I have little heart attacks as I look at Liam Paynes sexy face.
Memphis and Tennessee going to double OT.
Irony: I'm limping because I tripped on the handicap ramp at #cloudforce. Still had a great time, though!
Missed most of the GrIzz game but had an amazing night anyway! :)
*You talk it, we live it, you're jealous, admit it*
Lol! Have I been summonsed?
CocaCola #CEO in address to Economic Club of Chicago: US growth will come via golden triangle of business, government & business.
Hey Drop-in sightreading chamber music was SO much fun last night. What about offering a regular club for a modest fee?
My mom told me to clean my room before bria and janee get here............... Ha Yeah fuckin right lol they've seen my dirty room
Jamie finally got his one-way ticket to NYC to be with me!!!!!!
How are you Anik?
Had my first rumor spread about me #inmiddleschool .
see? this is what I need, I need just a little more business to continue to make $200/day. You best bet I'd be wearing ruby-encrusted boxers
Don't know which direction I'm headin'. I'm just hoping I happen to cross paths with you.
ohh cool cool !! im getting a new one on saturday!
there is a #ListeningTour going on right now in TN
LOL WHY U GETTING MAD
Right on!
#callcenterguy is confused. Really confused. But I think it's resolved. DOH!
#Pinterest's fast success should be a shot in the arm for every creative #entrepreneur. It hasn't "all been done, yet!"
Day of Silence. Not talking the whole day.
Make it a healthy New Year! Join suzanne.snackhealthy.com Get free tasty snacks and make extra income! Would love to have you on my team!
Fashion is the enhanced version of who you are and style is the outer reflection of character.
I NEED A CALCULATOR... lol,
is that a good thing?
Thank you for fucking me over
My preformance was the bomb I sang and I thought I sounded terrible but I got a lot of good comments!Just thinking of my amazing friends!!:)
or subliminally fitting
Enjoying a cold beer and ac Much needed on this hot day.
Show detractors great lessons of Mobile Devices used effectively. Then plan for their tough ?s (maybe start off by answering them)
who is ready for 2011? it is going to be a huge year!
I was asleep when you sent this. Thanks.
left wing. I played in an all-male league, and I was literally the only girl. It was so fun!!
suppose to be doing homework, but what am I doing? Looking at pageant dresses... EPIC FAIL.
I wish I was asleep still...
President Obama should point this blockage out LOUD
When life gives you a hundered reasons to cry show life a thousand reasons to SMILE(:
If that's so, I've gotta get my hands on a #29 cartridge! MT seems i remember reading that some TB carts had him; some didn't
RT : can I slap u too? 😊👋 < lol I don't see why not..you wouldn't be the first person to do it...
Life can be tough but maintaining optimistic attitude is a must.
how do you find out? :O
you almost scared me there for a second
My heart was taken by you, broken by you, and now it is in pieces because of you.
Are you looking for any producers to get beats from?!
I gave up on my HTC Incredible and have gone to the dark side.
just referenced IT Crowd in #e205 session. Already a fan of hers, but this has sealed it.
Heart Racing Like A Nascar Time To Show The World Who You Are So Take That Mask Off
7pm Sunday Night the middle of nowhere Arkansas and West bound I-40 is backed up 15 miles for a 7 mile construction zone
Listening to DMX at 3:30am just cause I can
IBM. It's kinda old.
I call them "Bo's (or Blount's) Hot Breakfast."
Solidarity with OWS in Union Square.
stop crying you baby
I love you MORE PAY !
Thanks for the mention! Hope your day is great! Mojo Marketing
Internet outage is cutting into my website building time. Get with it Time Warner
ihate when iget high in the MIDDLE of the blunt.
I try very hard to stay faithful to my Changmin but...
Swear god damn people these days need a good ass whoopen
it will be my last weekend as a single gal, bells seem appropriate! Lol
Reading that Wired article now...wow.
the ppl from my school follow each other, hahahahaha
: Can't wait to come back to the UK to promote it. Always feels good when it's week of release x
Too bad-thought I might run into you sometime :-)
Where The Party At?
Mariners game, pikes peak, starbucks the orignal, space needle, irish pub, airplane, train and bus ride & its the end of day
