Sadly It still woulda been a issue RT and I almost said it AND my son has the same name...I didn't mean to :0(
Anyone know where you can find some good karaoke in Baltimore? Besides Waltz Inn.
I wish I was with youu
for the record, they threw snowballs at Santa in like the 60s, and cheered for Irvin's injury.
Museums very destination oriented: focus on visitor experience and interactive
Not very hungry but have fresh bluefin chu-toro & uni for sushi. Fresh wasabi root ready to grate & sushi rice is almost ready.
It better be alabama lsu
Shouldn't have slept all day
But the hail and the rain stopped before I left work.
EVERY RACIST comment will be answered here...so let's go!
I CAN DO BETTER ... NOBODY IS BETTER THAN SELF BEING MY OWN VALENTINE ...
We have an album coming out soon! But first, photo shoot. Then music vid! Then tour. Then, album! We'll keep you posted.
currently at the soft opening of cinebarre. open bar. roll through y'all
Thanks for the FF!!!!
lol i knew it was angry birds
i'm telling!
SO many hugs and tears. Beautiful to watch. Wish I were there! It's finally real!
The sun shall be turned into darkness, And the red velvet cakes into blood, Before the coming of the great and awesome day of the LORD.
“If you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right, you'll probably never do much of anything.” ~ Win Borden
Id rather be poor and happy than rich and suicidal.
Yikes. This Manchester Derby is super intense. I don't really care who wins, but my goodness, talk about a rivalry.
#FF : #Hugs TY. Have a great Friday and weekend.
I wanna marry an Australian :) whatcha say ;)
can you home and get me tho bruhbruh
Off to bed thinkin bout him :)
Jags client gets his first NFL start tonight on Monday night football.
We are giving away some issues of American Cinematographer, Creative Cow, Lighting & Sound America, PhotoMedia, and other magazines. Stop in
Israeli Minister of Public Security Yitzhak Aharonovitch said Israel & Gaza are on the verge of a conflict akin to Operation Cast Lead.
If you shoot me your email address I will send you the songs! Sorry for the delay.
Boyle's 3rd Goal of the Playoffs!!!
Oh yeah! RT Shocker, Portland! Blue skies and sunshine!
I've thought about putting a "just because I post it doesn't mean I endorse it" message on my blog! Is interesting though... Cheers!
Created 3 postings to #craigslist...hope that silly spammer stays away.
everybody dance noe
Someone just cut in front of me in line at walmart. I'm trying to be nice and not stare daggers into the back of their head...
Dinner date with boo
I wish I hadn't it wouldn't be so heart breaking. The only thing making it okay is atleast we have the
Thanks to all who came to the Capitol City Car Show!
Watching for the Jewpacabra on South Park! Enjoy!
Definitely give them a try! I love Keric and Sarika's classes; they do tend to be quite intense, though. :)
RT Hook up the wine lover in your life with any of these fantastic, local gift options that celebrate all things wine.
Super excited about the shuttle!
Last night I dreamed of mice gone wild and blue hefty bags.
A relationship where you can't tell each other how you really feel is kinda pointless
you will be missed
I love she is such a good dancer :) come to nyc sometime bella!
BTW, apparently Tweason'ale was seasonal??? Unfortunately my gluten sensitivity isn't. Sad face and stomach.
Luke Loucks is a loser
I'm gonna make through my semester of graduate school! Yay!
I've only ever been to #Raiders away games in Nashville against the Titans. Never been to a home game or season ticket holder
you've got balls sir...good one lol
DJ ONE'S WORLD PREMIER OF NEW AGE BONNIE AND CLYDE. GIVE US YOU'RE VOTE "YEY" OR "NEY" (214)431-5062
hahahaha oh boy
I doubt if he's headed to Philly. We got some issues to clear up here.
I hope you're feeling much better. I am one of your fans. I hope things will be easy for you. Love you and Mariah, Nick. Antoine
"You must not drive over unprotected fire hoses."
Every second is a #chance to turn your life around
Keep on rolling Kid poker!!!
"Never regret anything b/c at some point everything you did was what you wanted to do.. and sometimes that's the hardest thing to realize"
~but its your job to not play favorites & be consistent with your judging. You've all but forgotten about that.
Watching a presenter end his talk with "hire me" is like watching someone throw a cow into shark infested water
Alexander McQueen release affordable Pippa Middleton inspired Bridesmaid gown When Kate and William married in April this year, of course
I. Should. Be. Study. Ing. Raw. Neeeow. But. I'd. Rather. Sleep. Gnite whirl.
Looking for a spot to eat before you dance/drink your night away, check out our neighbors ! Quail Eggs wrapped in bacon. Yes please
Is my favorite holiday ever! Go for creating it!
Are you playing somewhere in Nashville?!:)
Everybody pulls for David, nobody roots for Goliath.- Wilt Chamberlain
Congrats to our 2012-2013 SBA president Nolan Fields & VP Katie Carlile! Full election results to be announced at Barristers Ball Saturday!
Drunk. Happy. And not driving!
Thanks for the mention!!! How are you?
THANK YOU for all of your tweets letting people know about our launch! We're excited too!!! LOTS of great deals coming to DC!
im not gonna lie..its really nice havin my girlfriend back.
how is your running?
Always encourage when believers mess up. Loving in correction. Never harsh or demeaning.
check out the asia trail!
Stir crazy
RT Scary movies make me scream like a girl! "Haunting in Conneticut". Creepiest movie I've never seen, based on a true story!
just another day at the office with
awww u was there?! Damn! My phn died!
Thanks for the RT, sir!
the diva crew will be working out with u today at the Honda event. Can't wait!
Grrr, awesome day for a #run! I really dislike being sick and having a
I think you saw me confronting my fear, it went up with a bottle and went down with a beer.
HOLYFUDGECAKES , you are overboard
How can it be Monday all ready? I'm not through with Sunday yet.
You guys can fight each other just no punching or kicking.
The Todesverkündigung just makes me melt every time ... Luisi, Dalayman, & the orchestra sound incredible!
the fire alarm..
RT : cheers to u! Looking forward to mothers day weekend! <~ we are too!!
Love SpecJour for speeding up specs, but yikes, does it kill battery life.
Thanks for the #sxsw shoutout this morning! Have a great time at the event! I'm jealous. :)
I followed thank u
well now I'm confused too.
Looking forward to celebrating with family . Congratulations to the McKinley HS, Baton Rouge, Class of 2012...: )
i am so getting a tshirt ah im so excited about ordering it tmw/follow me
No problem, man! Always want the best for our friends and their great music.
This night just seems to be crawling :(
#cockyandbitter on mothers day? Eat a cheesesteak!
I got a pimple on my lip. Dam.
I completely agree - huge fan...HUGE :) jealous of your 2-night stint of shows...
mm i love spam.. musabi hay ~
double play from Escobar
Let's go Knicks!
Happy Tax Day...ha!! On a brighter note...the NFL schedule comes out today. So there's that...
Take your rental car deeper in the Delta, it's rural reaches. The more things change ...
don't you have anything better to do
pack to capacity tonight w/ Green & White!!
If you follow hoops, has been making it for a while! Just more tv exposure now lol
i know..GORGEOUS,right??
Ice beginning to accumulate on trees in the paseo arts district, okc
Email the Booth question tonight is dumb. How do YOU feel about a knuckle sandwich numb nuts?
Just finished writing an article for Clay Shooting USA. Working with Limited Elite clients later today.
Are you sick and tired of living from check to check? Are you tired of robbing Peter to pay Paul or not being able to pay at all? At...
I know it's still early, but this is the time when everything needs to start clicking!
theres not a day that goes by that you are not on my mind......
My mom gets mad cause i do exactly what she says and not more then she says.
We will be doing one soon! Have fun!
M. Starting my own hashtags. Hope I remember them: #ApprovedByDesignCongress and #FollowDesignerADay YEAH!
hello! It's not mandatory to drop off your stroller. The service is just there for your convenience if you wanted to use it.
Gingrich still thinks he can win the nomination.....how cute!!
I don't know if you can call it "a ride home" when so spend the first 40 minutes of it getting farther away.
Help our #Vets beat #mentalhealth issues – Vote 4 #pepsirefresh project this May
I still feel the lack long after.
I don't blame you, and i read it as soon as the ad came on tv which made me laugh even more. lmao
we will be doing live music Thursdays & Saturdays and starting Fridays in December!
I watched not one, not two, not three, but FOUR romantic movies today.
haha good! The Drake fan page retweeted me lol.
Who else likes these orange jerseys the O's are wearing tonight? Sweet Uniform change birds!
There is an easy shot I could throw here but I am too classy
#welcometoparadise #codyjakeustream shoutoutt to Megan, Sammy and Jackie in NY ???? Love you guys&your randomness !
Disregard my email from last night isn't the Real Mark!
I think I made an ass out of myself.
Thanks for hosting the event online!
it's a really nice, classy place and you can choose from either italian menu, or a meat (steak) menu
oh happy day!!!
hey how are you?
Costume contest rides on Sat 10/28. Prizes for best costumes. Book now! Specials at all bar stops for the riders.
Stop worrying Anthony. You're better then this!
Can't wait to try the new subway under the Allegheny River......hope we don't have problems ike the Mon warf
Ok thought I lost a fantastic dress for tomorrows SFW show- thank you Hotel Indigo for finding it! I will bring you cookies tomorrow!
Hi c:
I need to make more money... I hate being broke. Boo!
I just read that is leaving! Say it with me: DON'T GO! And best of luck!!
“I am not a has-been. I am a will-be.”
Great program! #Moms - Visit www.exploracise.com for a Fun Wise Exercise alternative for your
Truth! RT "You must not for one instant give up the effort to build new lives for yourselves." Daisaku Ikeda
I'm flattered...but you're not my type.
At what point in time exactly did David Coverdale morph into Lynn Redgrave?
I think you need to talk today on about why #ThingsPortlandGirlsSay is trending. Some pretty funny stuff!
I want me a sexy
Love this question asks: "how do you put out content that's social by design?" Goal: to always start convos via
BUT WHERE IN ORLANDO?
Consulting 101 day two complete. Not bad at all! Time to hang out w/ my favorite toddler.
Writing some more beats/music! I stay in the lab. Work now party later!
Every time I see tweet, I think of "roll like a buffalo"
I'd like him to use his executive power for more important things like OVERRIDING congress!!!!!
Can't find my ipod charger...Oh well...Its not like i dont know 95% of songs by memory..
aw cutie;p
Chris Pirie discussing the flipped classroom: lectures viewed at home; 'homework' worked on in the classroom.
Ditto. RT : Let the record reflect that I first heard about the POTUS speech and the Bin Laden death on twitter.
Jessie has a uh....one of a kind voice : )
I am feeling so lost.
Watch "Count it up - I Am Citi Boi Feat: Louie Grit & Yung Breezy (For Promotional Use Only)" on YouTube...
love TX. Thank you for being a friend!
all out all of the above strategy. nice mr. pres.
I choose quality over quantity, I'll take the right road instead of a "short cut".. But.. I am guilty of choosing fashion over practical😁
ok is it weird that people who's tweets i get sent to my phone like dont show up in the homepage should it be like that
you should try brandy and honey.
The kids from Pullman call it Spok-Vegas.
I gotta go to pae next year -_-
Growing my business one card at a time.
Getting in touch with my spiritual side once again!
At Starbucks..... coffee coffee coffee! !!!!!! Must work faster.
Congrats to and ! You're both winners! See you at 10:30!
sorry I missed this @ mention about the skull exhibit. I don't check twitter often...still figuring out how to use it.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME #FOLLOWMEALEX !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hey man what's up?
yes, indeed. I'm a cured meat fan as well.
RT “: Keep others in suspended terror: cultivate an air of unpredictability.”
They sometimes tell me they can't toast it if they just cooked it so I change my order but now they don't say anything
#20factsaboutme 1) I hate Burger King!
ppl that don't know the rules at a 4 way stop let alone the rules of the road peroid!!
my mom and dad bought a house when I was little in 1974/75. Mortgage=$250/month. Dad's friends thought he was selling drugs!
pirate game with dylan and logan (:
It's applesauce to a boss..
's club life podcasts for days
blogtv with them :)
; running around outside with my little sister, eating a orange && drinkin' water <3 yeah, I love this weather (:
thanks Joseph! Keep up the good work :)
#Caps GMGM says they haven't addressed the team yet on Dale's decisions, says they're meeting woth the team at 2pm
What will it take to bring back the Kahlo-brow?
FYI: They are planting new trees as part of a new tree project around campus.
You should wear flip-flops instead of boots. It would be a vineyard firefighter thing.
Happy weekend biscuits! :)
we all hoes, and u aint gotta be yogurt to die a spoony death
not like sticks and stones
Congrats to our neighbors on funding achieved at 's Angel Oregon conference! #PDX startups rock!
U seem practical + level headed it feels like frenzyfriday to me nuf said! Have a great wk-end + my best to u
not gonna lie - that does sound delicious! Enjoy!
#nowplaying ATLiens by Outkast. Fish n grits y'all
Filner says it takes the whole community and after school programs to keep kids from the temptation of drugs.
These days, something is only ironic if it' not.
Festivals of Aloha was fabulous last night. If you missed it, maybe next year! Great halau from champion performers! 1000 people enjoyed!
I can't believe the guys from Buckcherry are still alive
3D Systems Delivers Innovative, New Volkswagen Test Drives in Full Color
Write about your competition. make awards programs--give awards to giant competitos. They'll give u links
My run times always look so much nicer when I remember to stop the tracker after I drive for a mile at 55mph.
Fake banjo? Really?
Deal! Can we pay you in cycling socks?
32 points and he sucks right? Oh and he got his MVP trophy. So he sucks? You people are very smart.
Breaking: Will Rhymes passes out again after he crashes his big wheel on the way home from the ER.
#houston Download Pc Games Online Poker - Oh Really? - pc games for kids download pc games online Lotto players rejoice. It appear
Just drove through massive accident 40f north just south of canyon Park - AVOID - huge wait
Wow, cousin Sookie & Bill having a baby (in real life not in #TrueBlood) Will it be vamp or fairy? LOL
you can tell how good somebody is in bed by how well they drive stick.
“: Youll be prime contenders for our Man of the Year Contest..” we will see you there!!!!!
"I was raised with a guitar in my hand & I was born to rock." -Elvis Presley in Viva Las Vegs
Did you know the #AAPA2012 business meeting is open to the entire membership, students included? Come check it out Friday night, 8-11pm!
without a doubt! The meaning of life is DEFINITELY
i live about 1.5hours from there..
“: damn that girl has crazy halitosis ☠”hahaga ewww!!!
Is it weird that "I'm Every Woman" by Whitney Houston just popped into my head for absolutely ZERO reason?
thanks. But ios5 doesn't work for me.
same place??
Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. Baltasar Gracian
There are some seriously fat squirrels around here.
- people need to stop hating so much & start embracing each other (as he turns into MJ & moonwalks away)
I want all my tax money to go to #NASA Thank you.
haha i would text you but my phone charger is acrossed the room and im in the chair! once my laptop charges i'll go get it!
I remember that one time, before Facebook, when I went outside and did stuff.
completely agree -- missed opportunity is an understatement
aww dang Kia, it would have been fun to hang
Yes! AND is guest starring this season too. Buffy reunion?!
Sadly, no. Ugh how I would've enjoyed that.
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.”
which remix?
Why fucking lie
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, Call Me Sagey. :D
and Thomas is just a model train set with different faces and eyes that move. Yet it's like a toddler cult!
yay!! Boston was one of the pictures! :)
Love being home & listening to on ! U should be listening on &
How is the #RusherFamily doing??? Is everyone doing alright?? Sending y'all love and peace<3
Hoe am i in tripple jump tho? When i do it i land in the black, not supposed to happen...
Good morning #NFAIS, got my front row seat and my coffee.
Do these scientists take James Cameron seriously or are they just along for the well funded ride? This reminds me of looking for Bigfoot.
Back at work for my evening clients. Feeling sluggish but getting my second wind:). Let's do this !!
"Those who trust in themselves are fools, but those who walk in wisdom are kept safe." ~Proverbs 28:26
Can I be your translator? お願いします！お世話になる！Translation: Japan loves you!
RT word! RT I hate breaking 20s cause once you break it, the rest go so fast lol
Matt- I liked this morning's photo by
#Avengers was so freaking great!
food shopping w/ chef, Joe Ricci, for cast,crew&extras of Sadie! We're still looking for extras!! email:
i love my mom for letting me sleep in when i need it most.
one? I wish I could say only one. Lol
I'm being interviewed on our work for a new book on green roofs by environmental author Lisa Benjamin.
ha i just saw this from march....cool! Somebody bought all old the New York State Library books
“: This extra credit isn't even worth being up this early” yeah I know
missed you today! Hope you make it next year.
The saddest words to continously hear over & over "maybe tomorrow."
Heh. Well, we aren't the most sane either... :)
Oh gosh will never follow me ;c
Forgot everyone is in Evanston this week! Maybe I'll have to stroll up there while folks are around.
Hey , thanks for coming to #imappening! Hope you found yr way home okay. :)
The worst is when u find out your barber is out of town & u need a fade ASAP
At least you're only hearing snoring?....
sEarChing FoR GwAposss YumMyneSS CaN I dAte tHe 3 OF YoU?
i need digits.(: haha
RT : Field of dreams never gets old. Neither does Sand Lot...
It's funny that if a guy said all this to ur ugly face or on twitter about u u wouldn't say not a word u would e too scared u would only do
Haha rose just choked!
pizza hut tomorrow?
Are you at Sales 2.0? It would be great to meet. Perhaps during lunch, or at the end of the day?
been a pleasure!
Slumber not in the tents of your fathers! The world is advancing. Advance with it! Mazzini
#How2Tarot There are certain #Tarot cards/combinations that would say NO GO to an interview or a date, warning. Tower + Any Swords from 5-10
"Respect those who find TIME for you in their busy schedule but really love those who NEVER see their schedule when you need them"
My becoming-a-baseball-fan project officially begins tonight. Cardinals and Reds tonight. I will watch. We'll see what happens.
are you gonna come beat me up? hahaha.
actually it sucks
browns today. christmas better come early.
I'd really like to see Knuble back next year, love the guy.
lol no I'm not a drug dealer. I feel bad for those who do tho. I love my life and I don't need drugs to make me happy lol
for sure. I'll be hitting the road too starting late May. Let's talk!
HOORAY!!! is ON! We made our Kickstarter goal! Thanks to everyone who helped out. It's going to be a lot of fun!
because I almost went though an entire pack in one day! + I don't like sharing!
No, really it is spring! Stop by for all of your outdoor needs. Oh, you need a new Weber Grill...we have those too!
As in Forever-Ever!! #BRAUNY RT That is the first ever 3-homer game in the history of PETCO Park!
Skype call with ! Always makes me laugh with his stories and singing.
MW: Jazz Fest and no open containers. Remember that when the city website doesn't work and you can't get anything done. Me: *&^$*&@^#@^@%$
Love days when I leave work with an ear to ear grin because I feel so damn productive. Only
Are you interested in #p90x #Insanity #lesmillspump #burncalories #turbofire?? Hit me up :)
If you are coming down to for Mother's Day, send her next door for a foot massage
Found out I was featured in Ebony Mag's annual power list for my work on sickle cell! Exciting!
#NationalKissDay. Awe yeah
"If the road is easy, you're likely going the wrong way." - Terry Goodkind
Its people who don't believe in you that makes you want to succeed even more.. those who said it will never happen.
Any interest in a port of pngout to javascript?
sweden weather
exactly, my dear. Romneys folks were handing out fake slates in Nevada, trying to trick voters to support his delegates. Ick
Howlers in Bloomfield is filling growlers now? Anything good on draft? Haven't been there in a while.
sure, you bet!
I'm going to get my phone now i'll watch it on a bit
I thought I had 2!
Yo, JC - you undertand Aramaic, Hebrew, etc. - It was "Thou shalt not commit murder" up through King James' translation.
surprised at the lack of #goodreads shoutouts here
I watched it three times !♥
I kinda have an urge to go back to the jungle. . .
After party wit my niggas < slumber party wit yo bitch
Don't start shit then try to be nice and get pissed when I call you out on it. Fuck you.
love you!
5 more Days to Go
You watch a documentary, its like you read a few books..
uh, YEAH!
Avoid the big KO this evening and emerge victorious in our $80 No-Limit Knock-Out @ 7p! 5K units, $10 add-on for 1K units & 20 min blinds!
Beautiful. Enjoy the day with your family.
Browser relativism? It's a thing? : "No. All browsers are NOT equal in the eyes of the Lord."
Crazy how stupid girls take corny niggas game as caring lol ur wack
Who all is going to Brad Paisley next month? I need a group of friends to tag along with since all mine are gonna be gone ):
welcome back
#imagine followed me c: cmon austin im trying everything FOLLOW ME! ♥ (and because she's tweeting like crazy too)
oh lol I took a lot of them last year I got like 20 :-)
Got ready this morning by listening to " The Wild Party. " sings DOWN ya'll. Made me miss my cast at !
BUT I JUST BOUGHT HULA HOOPS!
Really enjoyed speaking to 's Sports Management class tonight at #thefuture #gopanthers cc:
I understand diplomacy, but Iran wins the Oscar? Not sure if that'll work... considering Iran prolly implanted that tin sound IN THE MIC!
OMG! #Beliebers tomorrow is thhe birthday of our idol we have to make this huge!(: #HappyBirthdayKidrauhl <3
We'll miss in the gallery, but we're SO excited about Bustos and Aragon! Come to the opening on Cinco de Mayo!
All i can do is Smh at the moment
LMAOOO i love the attempt at the swing!!
Hate hearing misfortunes of others bt when its a life long icon that takes u back in ur own life its that much more difficult
I would almost rather finish this game with four players than have to play Tinsley. Worst crunch time player in America.
Other factors are the litany of multimedia resources that will aid in the laying of inquiry - primary source docs, graphics, vids.
Nice job Daijiro, what a fantastic year for you!!
I changed it up. I'm sad because I did😢😢
Love me some Hypnotize, but Mo Money Mo Problems may be my fav.
Ayy thanks so muucchh!!! RT : Hunni is going AWF Live "I Wanna Dance With Somebody"!!!!
When you friended Obama on FB, he just put you in Hide mode right away.
RT : Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare & hotel! RT this & follow me and !!
Fallen soldiers all around us but we're still standing strong. :)
People are all like I thought you were smart. Well obv not.
We've never met, you have no clue who I am, but I'm a huge TESD-CBM fan & want to tell you how great you're doing. Get well Bry.
Well i guess i should probably get up and go to school lol.
Money doesn't buy happiness, but #Rockies baseball does. I'm selfishly happy you didn't win.
Gotta go to the ER soon to make sure my lungs sound okay and get more medicine.
On jetlagged interviews, perhaps going for a walk before hand? Naps just turn me into a slo-mo zombie when I'm jet-lagged.
thanks for the support!!
Great PGA...entertaining!!
Guys i find attractive are either: Famous, Taken, Twice my age, Not real, Dead, or Gay .
almost broke my finger today lol!
That time in life when you didn't get one request all night! And Shit was epic
- Abita Strawberry came back to Nashville just for you. :)
Start ur weekend after work best in city Hhr Special Appetizer, Dinner,Music this is where Bmore exclusive come to be seen!
Good time to stay indoors and look at my frozen pond outside!
I didn't even see when I got 5,000 tweets!
Mr. Franco tryn to make b do work after the EOC fuck that bull
idc. this girl is annoying >.<
#Quote  Whoever loves much, performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well~VincentVanGogh
Matt Harlan performing at at 1pm. Go there and be amazed!
Such a beautiful day to not have school
#Apple is calling it "The new king of the desktop." More like the herald of what's to come. IF they stabilize it.
Thank you and happy birthday to your neice.
And if you can't wait until then to get your Johnny Rockette fix, "RockETTEumentary" is going to premier on WEDNESDAY
15 hours on set. We are SO close to wrapping. Can't. Stop. Now.
R there still people who r uncomfortable talkin about weed???
Can someone get me some mac n cheese from Roscoe's? Someone? Anyone?
No call no text wow.
tomorrows national crush day ?
#bookquotes "I am doomed to remember a boy with a wrecked voice—not because of his voice...but because he is the reason I believe in God"
Nice! Congrats on the new role.
i love you so much! please meet me in NYC! you are my idol <3
Women lie about being over a guy and Men lie about saying that we luv u!
Eddie Long still has a thriving church. THAT alone shows the bizarre control some preachers have over some AA's lol
RT : So I’m invisible to you now? That’s cool. I’ve always wanted a superpower.
Just drove all the way to Wendy's for these damn chili cheese fries and they wasn't even all that 😡
Getting a new class is like having another kid. You think you could never love them as much as the previous class but you do.
you're welcome! happy to help! hope the space is everything you envision & more. the party was a blast :-)
Teacher' "DO YOU WANT TO SPEND LUNCH IN MY CLASS?!?!?!" Student: "Are you asking me out?O_o"
If you need help picking your holiday wine/spirits, I'll be helping on the aisle on Folsom Blue Ravine on Sat from 10-4!
Hi : ) he is better now thank you so much Xx
don't hurt yourself!!
hm what do you have in mind ?
I did hit me with a follow back
Sounds like an action plan is needed... write post, comment on others... maybe do interviews w/ bloggers?
Posted at touch....downtown....an adventure begins....hahaha
not if I don't have anyone to be mushy with.. Lol I def. Am a sucker for love tho.. Not just anybody tho.
Somebody pray for me PLEASE
Hi , so glad you're on Twitter! Here's hoping for a plentiful and rainy year!
patched things up I guess lol
RT - The episode when Brian owes Stewie money and Peter plays for the New England patriots
The last three weeks of craziness... Or so I hope...
All i need was the greenlight
On a happier note. Story I covered at homeless shelter. Ohio mom and two kids. She worked. She prayed. She has a job and apt.
At least its May 14 not July 14
say it ain't so!
Why do random people keep adding me on fb?
Sad sad day for a formerly great player
I learned all about tucking on ru Pauls drag race last night!
i need some new space jams
I drive to Columbus to much, SO ready to move!
No problem. I've had a hard time with my connection here. Maybe all the news media in Indy eating up bandwidth!
- Keeping hip-hop alive in 2012 & Infinity.
NYC - Keep an eye out for the cow. I'm coming for you.
I mean you got some it right but you gotta what your rocking out too like music or who you're rocking out with like friends.
2nite its goin down inside and video mixxin!!! Bring ur azz out early to avoid the long azz line!!!
hey , how are things?
Since I'm all alone in the city, who wants to join me for lunch?
Probably the only time in my life I've wished I was married to instead of you, if only for access to
Cool... Nice to meet you..
#HappyMothersDay to all mothers and my mom i love very much thank you for everything te amo <3
great, what's the best email addy for ya?
We are teaming up with Nestlé + DiGornio Pizza for prizes for the big game
You should say hi to - she works 3 blocks from there.
Newt, did you just mess up?
Dont Judge Anyone Because of Their Bank Account.
how you been?
Is #M1GS in SF gonna keep #fizzling? 'WE'RE GONNA DO *THIS*! - Just kidding, here's some signs and chanting'.
Mailbox cleared, starting what should be a productive week. (Any week where the mailbox is cleared this early on Monday is good.)
` So whitney houston died... smh :(
:) Princess Diaries 2: The Royal Engagement always makes me smile no matter how many times ive watched it
#OkUPrettyBut u got credit cards?
Imperfection is beauty...-Marilyn Monroe
With Randolph and Gasol, Grizzlies remind me of the old Daugherty/Nance/Hot Rod Cavs teams.
Eating oranges makes your vagina smell good? Oh okay thanks #goodtoknow #wtf lmao
Getn ready for this damn tracj meet
A bit crude but hey...if the tamp. ..uh, shoe, fits! RT : If guys had there periods they would brag about there tampon size!
that song makes me cry you're going to do just that I know it
RT : "We are not human beings on a spiritual journey. We are spiritual beings on a human journey"
#concertwishlist oh wait.. I do get to see them next year :D
I wonder what the new iPhone 4S will say about all of this.
at least that's what Donald Link used to tell me :) have fun it's looks like it's gonna be amazing.
These times are hard but they will pass
Right? So cool.
Ashamed but true RT : Totally a mom thing : I may or may not have just eaten cheese off my child's shirt.
I'm invited to a Christmas party tonite should a go or just stay home that's the q right now
Kay Imma ask(:
omg ur going to arianas show too?! i cant wait! <3
i'm on ohio state alumni and it's my birthday today. what a great gift!
I need to stop making STD jokes before ya'll begin to believe that I do have herpes, syphilis or HPV or something. Cus I DON'T!
The calm before the storm. Lol
Life keeps on getting better.
I remember when I texted what I tweeted
It's #SundaeSunday Peanut butter cup is god!
- We can help you spread the word here in Chicago! Our platform is a viral social tool for sending and redeeming REAL drinks!
I feel super weak from puking all night:///
I still want to know if you named it yet...especially NOW....!!!
Quick training on hackers, crackers and IT security attackers.
UK is the first national championship team to not have one player average more than 9.32 field-goal attempts per game.
This coverage is fucking tilting, I need to know if was hollywoooding or what! Guess 5b pots pre are nbd to #espn?
Thx for the follow. Love the profile pic. Coffee!!
I did exactly what my professor said not to do. Waited till the last minute to write my 6 page essay. That's what I will be doing today...
No. I've never been. That is close to my birthday. Perhaps a birthday present to myself?
Only travel-related or everything?
I'm from BROOKLYN I be everywhere comfortably !
A measure of power lies in knowing the difference between a distraction and a sign.
Places you are are places I don't wanna be.
Were the #vikings really going to take Richardson???
Welcome back from San Diego...
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The Lion The Witch and the Titties
Check what codec is in use (double tap i button in call), check region/location/codec settings in UCM
Do you like Color Themed Parties?
Just watched last night's #Community episode- great episode or greatest episode? loved it, can't wait for the finale.
What would u do if someone u were in love with was mean to u and u two broke up and then they were begging for u back?!?
#ThingsISAYDuringSchool where in this room can I get service?
" And so the lion fell in love with the lamb ' <3
Liver Detox with food: Red Grape Skins helps promote liver enzymes that remove carcinogens
Looking at your school timetable and emotionally breaking down.
pps -from tom tomalin, i was on my disability organisation- it's acharity that works to help/encourage people with my ....
Bad apples? That's why we need accountability.
hahahah....I totally took the same pic the other day! AZGUNZ4LIFE!! -
idk im checking all my saved tumblr names now so i can use one of those
hope you had fun! we sure did. Thanks so much for coming. merry christmas!
Applying for Nanny Jobs... Fun, fun :)
You should never go to a meeting or make a telephone call without having a clear idea of what you're trying to achieve.
get a chocolate chip cookie there! They are amazing!
The ballpark in NY was a bad fit for Bay. The marine layer seems to be Pujols kryptonite lol. Jk bad is bad
spent two hours cleaning and organizing my room, now time to enjoy some sun ☀☀☀☀
Tried a #shamrockshake for the first time. Not impressed.
I’m only following maybe a quarter of that graph, but is there really a PB&J triad on there? Because that’s pretty awesome.
tomorrow will be another day and hopefully it will be better than today :)
is the worst
Fire Escape-Civil Twilight
Work flex is no long a perk but an effective workplace strategy.
#FF you guys are awesome, Thanks for the breathtaking finale on TVD, one day we'll might work together
RT : Well at least we didn't get as much snow as boston! At the dealership selling cars. Stop by and say hi!
I'll text you.
running around your neighborhood most likely
Where were you when...? I was sitting in my office reading about it on twitter.
"Vignola, who possesses jaw-dropping technique, wears his influences on the tip of his pick" - Mike Joyce - Washington Post
The Magic Castle is like the coolest place ever!
go hard or go home
how u Mel, miss ya. Have a great day to u and your love ones, stay positive as always bless
New case for the IPhone has my baby looking pearly.
Agenda for today: relax, nap in the sun, relax, maybe see a movie, relax. A good plan, me thinks.
You are welcome for the follow. I think I found you on Twitter, maybe from some other follower's followers.
We just installed Windows 8 Consumer Preview! Look forward to video updates soon!
that was for me right? ;) haha
Going here too : " is TOMORROW. rad crafts at the from 11 to 6, rain or shine!"
Omg next thursday is my birthday!! JB*IS*SEXY!!!!
The other day I said, " if I can find my glasses & phone I will look it up" while talking on my phone w/glasses on!
I really wish u talked about Neurofeedback for a neurological issue... Especially in lieu synthetic drugs in the brain
thanks for following me and u have pretty eyes:)
beside a confession? not making it a capital murder case! Idiots.
I love you ;)
He said it! "A friend is nothing but a known enemy. " - Kurt Cobain
“: Wearing white clothes to make you look tanner >” doing that just makes me look like a ghost
#imagine *austin tweets* Austin:my #twittercrush is *your twitter account* ;).I love you<3 -anna
Starting my lab....the next 2 hours are gonna be hell
If your a true mahomie you'd RT this and not keep scrolling down;)
The government is us, you and me. - Teddy Roosevelt
It will so great babe!
Happy New Year Beautiful People! - XavierLT.com
is looking GORGEOUS on #hsn right now!
Im Lani-Jayne nice to meet you.
QWiPS will be used at ESPN the Magazine's NEXT VIP-only Super Bowl party to connect fans and party-goers.
I really need a good cry session right now.
Any home based business owners out there? I now have an Online Store All-In-One powered by ZNode! $49.99/month, no contract. Awesomeness!
"The richness is in me, in my heart and in my head, not in my pockets," said Filipaj, who is now an American citizen.
Is it safe to say that if you're wondering if you're having a nervous breakdown, you probably aren't?
Bout to head to da sudio to finish the mixtape up
Ginny Weasley! The Avengers could use another kick-ass girl. RT : Is there room on the team for a wizard in The Avengers 2?
what does that even mean
he does? xD is he following you?
STOP broadcasting private sideline talks on the radio.What's next are you gonna film our walk throughs & broadcast them on tv?Hoody
I think I done spoiled maself with Jjs these past few days.. Now wht ima do?
Do you think it is possible to have 0 physical stores in the far future due to internet, technology advancement and environmental concerns?
#BackHome At leasts hes having the time of his life! #GCF #THAT! (:
If I wanted to observe US history in reverse, I would have revved up my DeLorean. Disappointed,
it's on right now. my night just got a whole lot better.
Bengals make it official: NFL team no longer training in Georgetown.
I like dick!!!
They would be in a state of... (puts on shades) Anger.
Going to hit up Mission Lanes in Milpitas at 9, hit me up if you want to join me!
addiction, when you tweet about having to switch devices just to tweet
First goal for Convey!
If its money on the floor u can put me on hold jus make sure whn u done im da only one u hold
this isn't helping my jealousy. Lol. Italy is beautiful. I've always wanted to go. Take some pictures of Rome for me? :)
I know right, before his excuse was that he had a job but now that he doesn't whats his excuse..??
oh I didn't know I was comming over lol
Maybe even longer hours. RT : Working in the Sports-Industry requires long hours and dedication like any other job.
Also don't live next to them. Yankees games end way past my bedtime, apparently.
Still adjusting to being back at work after a long vacation quickly followed by sick time. Actually feels good to be off the couch!
Indeed! RT RT Wake up this morning to see we signed the o dog! If ur a twins fan today u have to be juiced!
casual weekend- sounds like the perfect spot to take your pack
One of the BEST Handcrafted Acoustic Guitars I have ever played www.sullivanguitars.com
Happy 16th birthday !:)
Kids in this class is so damn amature -__- they are actually throwing paper balls *rolling my eyes* seriously dude? That's so elementary.
Of the Stop & Go Rondo'd variety. Haven't seen that one in a while
excited for 'ink in b2b media' bfast workshop! when will registration open?
I could see that! haha
I'm working on a few new songs.been writing like crazy lately.I'll try to fix the link.Thanks for getting back to me!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW BACK
is a big tease ;)
u have a sexy name but im ton
made Mel Rob hit the stage and he snapping
#20ThingsAboutMe sleeping shirtless tonight..
Save the Date! May 31st is Spirits of Carnival. Details to follow!
Lol, I Was Just Listening To That!!! :)
congrats on opportunity. Looking forward to your updates.
Going to take a nap head hurts - maranda
#TipTuesdays Take advantage of your customers by creating some special deals just for them or announce new products before the market knows
O ok have a good night then and follow me back shit i could not even dm u
gotcha i'm ready
they have thirty more picks
About to wonder where the weekend went as I peace out of this town.
miss you too, mini! Beyond bummed that I'm not there :(
I miss summer, I hate gettin my feet dirty in the rain, I hate doing math h.w, I hate writing papers, I hate reading, I hate I'm not in fl!
Trying on another perspective doesn't mean you have to wear it. It can help you gain some insight, however.
thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your cooking tips. How does chocolate appeal to you?
ok call me now
isn't this more of an issue with the NCAA itself rather than with how Bo Ryan is enacting these rules?
You're the reason why I have trust issues and haven't dated anybody else. ;3
Yes, trying to utilize a bit of technology for analysis / feedback. I am currently networking w the tech side
today I logged in AND updated Myspace. seriously.
we need to come up with a clever nickname for monta and bj3.
Fantasy Einstein made FFL playoffs this year; however, Leatherheads and Pros & Cons fantasy teams missed playoffs by one game
Wet noodles need love too, you know?
travel safely and Congrats again!!!!!!!!!
Teaching Generation M is "an elucidating and even comforting book," says Library Journal.
that is why i stick with glasses. If i can't get my glasses on, i am in really bad shape.
ESEA Mark-up: Rep. Woolsey focusing on the role of wrap-around supports for students to help meet comprehesive needs, thank you
You're a coward for not having the guts to tell me the truth yourself in person to my face. #hurt #irritated >.<
yea check your DM
Ah I see. Well we have our full EP up on there, so I thought I would just let you know :)
Making a new record is like having a baby..... Kind of.
Should have worn rain approved sneakers.
Time goes by so fast when your just on youtube looking at videos ;O
When the steelers where down by 20 something against the Ravens in the playoffs, I smoked a pack of cigarettes and we came back to win.
Dear ungrateful journal, Thank you very little for the new construction going on next door. I didn't know how I would wake up so early.
sitting outside watching desperate housewives is pretty much the perfect day
d-o-g-g. you should be going -ham. RT: "catch me goin insta-ham: botazlaflare"
Yes I did. Just got to my hotel. Good seeing u,...we will plan a more "fun" night next time
Place your EL order online, EpicureanGroup.net. You don't want to miss our new meal: Mediterranean Flank Steak Salad with flatbread & hummus
Just graduated, standing with my fam, guy asks me where the library is... He certainly asked the right person!!
"I'm mrs. Iglesias" haha I'm still laughing
That...looks...AWESOME!
#Yahoo CEO padded resume with false college degree -- doesn't matter what he lied about; investors don't want a CEO who lies. Period.
I'm having a geeky night. I want to have a #StarWars marathon!
The awkward moment your teacher adds you on skype.
Longoria Homers! Rays Win Rays Win!
So #Tnt had the debate who is better Dirk or Larry Bird.But my question is who has been better Dirk or Paul Pierce?I say Dirk but its close
I was driving don't tell anyone
would you film it with your phone if you saw something horrific happening to your plane? This guys been fined with body searches for 2 years
haha no your not tiff.
Terrible way for that #MNF game to end. Tip of the cap to the #texans. #ravens D does it again.
Positive I saw Debbie Gibson fly over my home last night on a giraffe with my high school band teacher. Wait. No. It was only in my dreams.
PS, : you're not weird, you're ZANY!
Haven't been on in forever #IMissThoseDays ... Been busy with school...
that's true.. He could have told someone in a wheel chair to stand up.. (Biden)
You're my 600th follower. Thanks!
Not yet, just on the Mac for now. I've got some fun ideas though.
#mnf tonight! The #game is gonna be omazing. Haha
Fascinating conversation about the psychology of Israel vis-a-vis Iran on Do you hear the drum beat of war?
Not enough to speak it, you have to live it
You're welcome! And I sure will try it soon!
I want to go ahead and apologize, I was wrong and spoke too soon about Parks and Rec. A full 22-episode season has been announced!
(cont.) with the audience then about the characters. In the end, who cares if the relationship fails or succeeds?
Don't forget we're offering happy hour prices on food from 11pm-1am all this week!
hello Oakland!
Hyperbolic geometry using Ultra fractals by one of my favorite arts MC. Escher Wow how very enchanting!
OLLU Softball - Lost 3-2 vs. University of the Southwest
Half man half horse
Too easy to forget sometimes. “: Don’t expect to find the right person if you aren’t willing to let the wrong one go." Amen.
Hm..that's weird! I'm sure she was just having a bad day! I wouldn't take it to much to the heart! :) At least you'll get it back.
that just shows how many ignorant people there r.
No Hammer ? WTF
We agree! RT :A year ago today I auditioned for the new house teams at & it was one of the best decisions I ever made.
Retweeting things that are obviously about you cause you're a fearless bitch. >>>
today i learned that lucroy is a fellow duck hunter! thanks guys!
just cause you are full of hate
Happy to have channeled it -- and been a part making a morning. Ah, the power we never know we have! :) Happy day!
hi! Check us out, we're new to vegas from florida. We want to start playing shows soon, let us know what you think of the music:)
Thanks, Mary! I added you to my "PDXRLS" List because, well, Portland Rules. :) -Benjamin
As an FYI to those in #Chicago, I just confirmed that the Sprint network is indeed down here in much of the city.
been looking forward to this for a year! can't wait!
im up early, i need to edit some many things
Looking for a fresh new beer to try? Stop by Beers of the World tomorrow for a special release of our brand new PINEAPPLE WHEAT from 12-3pm!
Make sure the job/career that you're doing is something you truly "love". Cause if not, the next 50 yrs until you retire will be "hell".
thanks! happy Friday :)
We were talking about this at work today. Which era of Elvis to hologram first...
Abolish death penalty, but thank God Breitbart's dead & we should have let Cheney die <--------- only in la la liberal land
nah. I'm well done ;)
One more game Devils!! You got this!! >:D >:D
dude these are necessary breakfast starter items, clearly.
VOTE FOR AUSTIN!!!! IT WOULD MAKE HIS WORLD IF HE WON! VOTE VOTE VOTE :D
grown folks club for me tonight club studio boieeee
Using videos to tell learning stories is something powerful that schools need to take more advantage of.
What benefit is running if you're on the wrong road. -John Mason
I wish I worked in that office right now....I just sucked down a plum hoping it would turn into a cupcake..no such luck.
go to sleep drunk, wake up fucked up!
Hahaha - I was just laughing at everyone using the exact same language. And I am working!! :D
Cody posted that on his wall...and your name is Katrina and mine is Elisabeth...how amazin
Is there anyone out there who really digs Archie? How can there be enough new readers to support the 150 books being published lately?
#MyBiggestFlaw my tummy :c
Thursday works for me!
I tend to skip lunch so I can get to the gym. Put cake in front of me...rethink strategy. Glad ur home safely!
I've never rode them before but k2 is known for making awesome bindings so you should be all good. Twit pic??
Just got bred. On my way to my next breeding session.
You might be poor, your shoes might be broken, but your mind is your plalace. Now go get it today
okay haha but i should start buying the scrapbook first! i'll take a picture when i'm done x
Okay, so 30 day trial then they bill you?
Know of anyone looking for a job? The Ale House is looking for a restaurant manager, ASAP! DM me if interested :)
Nauseated, tired, grumpy, pain, etc. Not a good start to a very long wk
Got them coffee gitters
Preference Poll: Microsoft Powerpoint or Apple Keynote?
I love your quotes. Before I do anything else on Twitter, I first look and read your quotes. You're awesome! xx
#WhyRelationshipsDontLast because other people try to fuck yo shit up and you let them
Busy, busy weekend for our tweeter... #backatit and you?
A5: Drama. Pure and simple. A lot fans will tune in just to see what happens next.
what are you thoughts on a musical hearse? !!!
Fights at the T station ok!!!
Can I come over??? ;-) I love home fries!
you're welcome send me a contact invitation I hope you enjoyed the videos I mentioned before
"It's true love when u say u need me like I need u & u can't be w/o me like I cant be w/o u"
i miss my big :) come home to your littles!! 💔
Enjoy #pintsandpols2. Perhaps we should sched #pintsandpols3 right after the election to debrief over beers?
I'm still wondering... why on earth did you buy me a cactus?
I'm going to blame Barton for that one
Libraries can employ MPLP by cataloging similar items as small collections instead of cataloging each item separately.
Thanks for thinking of us! Unfortunately it doesn't look like any of us are free on Saturday.
hahaha or ill shoot u!
lots of MoFos = lots of tweets :)
headed to to get a medi and pedi!!!
Scott Case says the startup economy drives the American economy! Thanks for visiting Indy
very lovely so picturesque
that the same as payin attention
Tsk Tsk friend seems like you've been attempting to double dip in the wrong pool for quite some time. And I thought you had changed.
Hey man, your contribution to the Rock n' Roll HOF induction for the Beasties was awesome and touching. Well done my friend.
dude are you in now right now? If you're here through tomorrow or the weekend, let me know.
hehe luv it let's hangout tonight!!
Most of the time I feel abnormal.
Stick it to all your exs this V-day by customizing your own candy conversation heart shirt! Any message and color! www.nightowlmerch.com
yeah, life really sucks sometimes. It's hard. But I'd rather be completely real and honest about it than completely fake.
ok I hear u man lol who got some
What is this I am hearing about a Slice and Rice restaurant at Jackson's?!
that is so pricey! :(
Did they use the Swedish kneading technique?
evening all
SMH.. RT « JUST GRABBED THE POLO SWIMMING TRUNKS»lemme see ya pale ass I'm em
Hhaha i need more!
Have fun!
Caffeine Awareness Month Fact #23 - It is estimated that roughly 12,000 tons of caffeine is consumed every year. #Whammy!
A boy who can sing to me (:
Yes indeed! We hockadoo! -The B Side
drums of illumination tnite w/ davi of forrointhedark and jessicavaliente ...it was nice to jumpin the end jam!
RT: : I'm the BEST actor in my town..I'm gonna be in 5 more productions by June. I'm WORKIN!
I'm glad you enjoyed it. Zack will be back!
Big Bill's been compared to Huey Long + Boss Tweed, but some say I'm closest to PT Barnum. I agree! We both gave the people what they want!
sorry I may have started that train see you men soon
Its always a joy 2 spend time with my great aunts here in jax aunt marion is holding on and aunt tan is right by her side. Now that's love
Well obviously you haven't listened to the new Justin Bieber yet, lol.
Withey for the block. Taylor shoots free throw to WIN.
Boy oh boy, it's such a nice day for anything outdoors. I could get used to this
and mouths too. :O
I find it funny when the "I knew they were going to lose" chants happen AFTER the game.
Just bought VMware vCloud Director Essentials, cant wait to started.
Breakfast on the go ? Grab a potassium filled banana for outrageous energy
Happy Birthday ! Can't wait for the celebrations next weekend!
Late night sermon prep. Thankful for the incredible speech coach I had in high school. Still using those principles
I know. I'm with you. Just saying. Shove us on the badlands and expect us to shut up. (Oneida here).
" Police: Derek Lowe's World Series Ring Stolen « CBS Cleveland" Keep an eye on LeBron..
has gained 55,000 twitter followers since posting from his car at
Happy Birthday - So glad you could share your day on a webinar with talking about
Dunno, but its the blue ones that do.
Someone on facebook asked - what is #greenart? Let's make it a household word! #greenart: noun, art saving earth, #recycling reinvention.
yes it is...FINALLY!!
being random > being boring
And when we think we lead, we are most led
check ur email sent u over track for mixtape w/ thank u
is a huge slut
Thank you for reminding me that I have some in the frig. Cheers.
Congrats to the cast and crew of "don't u luv me?"for succesful yat fringe run. www.yatkids.org
#iLikeWhen transitions and seg ways go smooth
I wanna see my ex n buy her n her friends bottles n leave
how do you let go of someone whom you love
pump it up after 3:30 = white trash or B parties loll
In NYC for diss research at AMNH. Let the digitizing begin.
Yes I do lol
I followed u :)
u available for freelance work right now?
i'm in afghanistan now. should i find him and beat him up?
you can bring him back something.
Ice cream cake. Yum. Moms are the best!
My horoscope stopped being relevant when I stopped leaving my house. Being a hermit is so much easier
If you would like to take Quiz 3 before the July 4th holiday begins, I have opened it early. Quiz 3 is available July 1, 11:00 AM
How are you still taking credit for this joke when it's not yours? ( )
By the time you hear this I will have already spiraled up.
sounds interesting... How did it turn out?
NOLA jazz and heritage fest only a month away!! can't wait to see , , and more local talent! (oh, and the food)
Thanks for the follow
Texts from scammers pretending to be my bank, claiming my debit card has been deactivated!
Goodnight Twitter(:
: don't be so sure... is also an ex-berliner. Glad you're happy!!! Spread the word!
Italian guys<3
Nuh uh, they started it!
Haha, yes! Do I hear a senior project proposal? I wish :-)
Last leg of the trip today, and then pulling into my new driveway. Getting excited!
yeah, I'm up here at #SMWNYC you gonna head to any of the #smwwdc events? and will be there!
Change this, YouTube. « Netcrema – creme de la social news via ...
And its not like it was ever anything amazing, but I do get tired of the whole "like this if you love god,jesus,hate cancer"
Dueces!!! Its been real you guys. Z
you are too perverted
Women&#39;s Bond Club Honors Carla Harris of Morgan Stanley and Kay Koplovitz, Founder, USA Network
when i hang out with someone, one on one, i feel like there's a 3rd person in the room... and they're usually shaped like an iphone
IT'S A PLAN!
#Jets won't be on #Hardknocks but Tim Tebow is getting a 30 minute special on E! Later this year SHAKING MY HEAD
My smile has no meaning without you.
Girls: Give and forgive. Guys: Get and forget.
Its super brisk out today
RT me and Crystal were not meant to eat MickeyD's XP anyways out for some exercise and whatnot
Well said! RT : RT : Adam disapproves of all of Christina's decision, as do I.
Man hold up...Manchu is Back Baby...That Gemini in me needed a break.....lol....got to feed them all......working on that new shh!!
A MIND IS A TERRIBLE THING TEW WASTE
It's sad when my dad has to ask me about grammer to prove he is right to my mom. :/
I heard it did! I'm upset about it to! Okay, I'll tell you what I think when I see it! :D
Text me?
I'm #DIFF'ing it up!
Come on arms and legs! Do laundry!
Kobe is 0-15, but now has enough bricks to rebuild one of the three mansions he lost in the divorce <-- ouch
I have always wanted to talk to in real life that's y I wanted to FaceTime
Sometimes you have to break the rules. Good writers know the rules and why they are breaking them!
It's only 15-13 at half?? What's goin on lol
Thanks very much for the RT!
Twitter, I'm estranged from you. I feel like we've grown apart. I just don't know what to say to you anymore. I feel like I need some space.
Natixis plans to shut commodities brokerage unit
WE ARE TTHE SAME PEOPLE...
Typo: Nurses CAN'T get enough influence...especially with the % of caregivers they represent. There are almost 3million in the U.S.
More light! Give me more light!
Thank you for the kind comments!
seeing as it's mothers day i'll pass on the best advice my mom has ever given me: never drive behind an old man in a hat.
Happy birthday to !
What will last longer: This years #Oscars or Gaddafi?
What's your coding project?
SLOANY BOLOGNA OMG
Finishing off the semester... Working... Staying low key...stacking loot... Getting ready...it's gonna be a Hott summer
increased again? oh no~~RT : Up in Austin for the #UT Regents meeting. Tuition increases on the agenda.
Enjoyed your piece on #Occupy and failure. You're right about the logic of #OWS defying the binary of success/defeat
Kobe giveth, and Kobe taketh away.
#pointofentry trending on SG twitter - thanks for all your loyal support POE fans!
So the Chinese study Finance starting in middle school and American high school students can barely define the term. Hm.
RT : s/o to for a dope interview last night.. we def had fun... #TEAMWIRE <<<yes I wanna do it again lol
"Too old for free candy? Never!" - Pinkie Pie
Do you have access to GlobalTV out of Canada?
harry is NOT a submissive bottom!!!!!!!!! [screams]
no problem bro we gotta make it!!!! Lol
come hear Jack Becker discuss the various ways that sustainability relates to public art at the AMOA, March 16, 6:30-8pm. RSVP on Facebook.
Iron Man 2 special effects were so 2009 but I didn't care because Iron Man 2 Rocked the Shit! Will be seeing soon again me thinks {%^>
Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up
C'mon Kaboly, at least give me credit for the Farrell/Pittsburgh Steelers line
Wrote 4 pgs during the #writing sprint. How'd you do? Time for lunch & to start reading THE STARTER SCREENPLAY.
Denver's Jammin 101.5 has got to be the best old school r&b station EVA.
Excited 2 see former colleagues & friends + meet a bunch of new ones this wknd thx to + local TV 4 sponsoring
is busy working on finding sponsors for the NorCali Blues Fest, prod mtg at 8pm tonight, and enjoying the sweet rain in nyc....
looks like the glass isn't even a quarter of the way full for you today lol
It is a perfect triangle tho!
Oh Boy, you had your chance and blew it. Now step aside and watch a real Man do it.
Driving out of In N Out Redwood City.
that sucks! I am sorry!
Celebrate this chance to be alive and breathing.
It's always a surprise! I have to keep you wanting more...hahaha
Like Bart Scott once said....CAN'T WAIT
These young niggas don't listen to shit think they know it all! I tell you niggas shit so you ain't got to go thru what I been thru
thanks! No HQ here though right?
The future is full of assumptions, & the past what could of happened. You can find me n-between past and future, n the moment. -
fun for them
Saturday and Sunday feel like a three-day blur.
I try
#DADT was repealed months ago, did it effect the army?
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
aahh, finally its raining in Mumbai with gusty winds...
Learning to live with the mistakes I've made is one most productive things I've ever done.
has to be my spirit animal...
If you're just tuning in, I'm interviewing performance artist for —feel free to chime in, or follow at #LRAH!
lmao I did?
Can you guys clear something up for us DIE HARD #GIANTS Fans? Which is Jayron Hosley's account or ???
don't even 😒
15 min til our CEO, , talks "New Local News" 's #ILM10 (w & ). Should be good!
There is a gender difference between black male and female students
#SALUTE to all my #NEWFOLLOWERS you know the gurl
Me & Ariel going yo see chrishina and the baby tomorrow after school.ツ
No contest. LIB. But I'd rank a dozen Stones albums higher than SF.The more Mick Taylor, the less it sounds like the Stones.
Don't know how you've done it alone Love you mom❤ #MothersDay 🌸💐🌷
RT : Big news: NBC News calls Tennessee for Santorum.
Web Store is impressive. and are fun. And for such an old franchise is hip with tech.
fifty-two degrees in philadelphia? this is a miracle! running errands: champagne, prosecco, etc.
I want cake ^.^ lol
Im going to attempt to do my own hair in this next protective style. #Crochetbraids....HOPE its not a #FAIL lol
It's worse than sugar! It has a chemical that makes you want more and that exclamation point is bothering me
hey shannon leto i love u so much <3
BDG, Quest, and Rez some names that you gon remember.
lmao..nd yea i did it went gr8 i guess
that was definitely a surprise--didn't see that one coming, but I feel a bit out of the loop still.
it was for a job at universal and they finally called and had an amazing interview
You can advertise your villas and apartments for free on ShortTermHousing.com. Here's the link: bit.ly/pUi9jD
Nice. Good to have lunch reading! RT : Must-read links for your lunch break | ti.me/oAjOGF (via )
Seniors: Tomorrow free Advocacy Workshop at West Wellness 10:15am. Discover easy ways to get involved and stay informed on issues...
Sick and ready to leave
Sorry I didn't get you on the interview. Maybe next time!
What have been some of the most successful social media campaigns for Milwaukee?
Sanchez gets it done. Plays within himself in 2nd half & Jets get big one in Indy. Of course Indy not at full strength but what-the-heck.
AH yay ^o^
No suspension
Join WPFW's DC Politics with Eugene and today. will be on at 11am. Ask questions via twitter at
I bet there's not one person that has been to D.R and hasn't been robbed from their own family lol
Cher Lloyd night :)
Yes ma'am!!
I imagined Bridget and Andrew having this long heartfelt romance....::whimpers:: now..it's all in my mind lol
Don't understand why I still watch the cubs. Back to back HRs against the cards?
thank you!!!! She said she was coming back!!!
Coming soon! 3 new flavors from Max & Ruffy's!!! All will be grain-free! Stay tuned for more info...
#HYFR RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at RIO... at SPACE... at PEPPER.
A/S nominates for a Shorty Award in #webshow because... joe rogans podcast is awesome!
Happy to "meet" you here on Twitter!
I'd even take Dollhouse RT : So, now that Joss Whedon is Hollywoods's master now, can he please bring back Firefly?
Goodnight everyone!
why didnt i take the train today???
Ass so fat I need a nap dance
Scratch that...i wish I could be rude sometimes
Big win for #CBS as well with Peyton #Manning staying in the
Shoppin till im droppin. Which will be like...fast.
Already got my Manchester and Leeds tickets! Can't wait!<3
Glad it's over :I
steak day tomorrow. no longer a fat fatty. healthy happy boy.
I'm very glad I'm not an HR professional. There are so many things to get confused and so much to have to explain to confused people.
Prayer is the answer!:)
im in love with...my I'd
: "i love shitting on all my exes especially" do you literally poop on them?
Hi Hoosier! Where from? As for myself--Corydon, way down south.
Be #faithful in small things because it is in them that your #strength lies.
Had the first belly laugh. Great personality on that b-boy
It's wayy too early!! :(
well listen. I like your hair the way it is
Shavar Thomas not looking horrible the last few minutes.
I hate you.
I like hockey so that would be sorta cool to live in Canada lol.
“If jazz was not around; half of the music we listen to wouldn’t be around." -
Mellencamp? One of the Jackson's?
Professional genealogists use citations to validate all of their genealogy discoveries that take you back to the source of the information.
Walking in Memphis
Quasimoto al day.
is going in on Chris Crocker, get it, gurl.
LOL, I would if I could. Give me about 3 more years...
Here we go again name is about to be all up and down my TL. Thats a good thing gaining more fans :) follow back
Banana eaten; coffee poured; laptop powered on and connected; music turned up loud -- time to gave this bitch Monday a run for her money!!
Machine Translation is best for projects with 1 million words or more of internal/non-critical content that's frequently updated
Found $$$ in my fuckin shoe! (:
I am so ready for March 9th! #WarAgainstFat will be over and #FloridaGolfTrip will be here!
I don't know, you have always been nice!! Have a Great week end. And good luck to your friend that are racing!!
Finally Friday!
People who don't read books just don't understand me
About 50% of women have one breast that is larger than the other.
He a bad bad man!
Heal us, O Lord, & we will be healed. Heal us, O Lord, & we will be healed. Heal us, O Lord, & we will be healed.
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. Pablo Picasso
The movie crazy and it's not in English
oh how i wish i was that chair ;)
Lol A lil above average not that tall
LOL Congrats girlie! :D *hands over coveted VW punch bug mini car trophy prize* How do you feel? Who would you like to thank? :P
This bitch is getting braces and she keeps on talking gibberish & my dentist is like will you shutup already lmao !
Yay! You're welcome. :-)
Tank library good; payphone library bad?
So many "heady" puns...
Don't let me get in my zone.
IM SORRY ..xD i havent watched DesandNate in a while xD gunna start watching it again !!
Lets go time to hand the Heat a 3rd loss this season
Justin cant even say billingual. This kid.
Sorry, maybe I have failed to mention that I'm kind of passionate about the
Sperts said Tebow's would never be an NFL QB. He just threw for more yards than Rothlesberger and beat Steelers. Luv those naysayer sperts.
hey are you guys out yet?
do I play McNabb or Hasselbeck? And what 2 out of Forte, Slaton, and Charles?
If I won a jackpot, annuity payments, with the first delivery of money I'd pay all debts and then begin my writing career.
May have accidentally convinced four people that Tacocopter is a legitimate operation. Oops.
The fact is the #Hawks halfcourt offense stinks the #Celtics havnt defended the 3.If the Green can rebound and score on fast break they win
I have the same expectations for my friends as I do for myself
“The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder.” ― Alfred Hitchcock
which one is him then?? lol
What a early morning but the updates are complete and the software is reloaded.
I've basically just been watching Netflix and crying all spring break. And now i have to go back to school on Monday. Ugh.
DEMON CHILD!!!
they can chew that gum while working out.Helps prevent dry mouth. I'm the guest tweeter for love to chew gum
Perhaps I'm just a nerd, but watching a user use your app via "heroku logs --tail" is kind of fun.
Christian Beadles is possibly one of the funniest people ever.
Not everyone can live the rock star dream as you can love. Someday though when I have a real job lol
highlight of my day? lunch with at company, delicious food.
Can you make it down to Milwaukee?
thank u!
WORLD CUP!!! WORLD CUP!!! WORLD CUP!!! WHAT WHAT!!!! Be there!!!!
Just finished filming an interactive installation test for the Dark Nature exhibit. Time to edit.
your trying to kill yourself if you do that lbvs
That last 1 was a RT of but I ran out of space! And this librarian prefers chocolate chip cookies but I'll take what I can get.
I effectively balance my home life and career.
just finished my ppt slides for tomorrow's lecture. Then closed ppt and said 'no' to saving my changes.. i lost the entire file.
who won?
be prepared - tuesday the 24th. Freeze Tuition Day at UT
So do I. The fact that bro's (grandpa) middle name is Lee has nothing to do with it. #ImLying :-)
so sorry. Like family.
#58 The demasculation of men in today's society is a recipe for the destruction of our society. Men U need to be who God created U 2 B
hello I have the,incredible 2, how do I get the camcorder to pause while recordin? My son likes to make commericals, lol
Anybody tryna get high
& Why I was just at this place that smelled just like "The Multi-Purpose" room. Haha!
Tiger had a swing that won him 14 major championships, why change from something that good?
So happy to finally have a free evening to go #shopping!!! My spring wardrobe is currently lacking = new clothes for Chelsea! :)
This Saturday Treasures Ballroom #zoo u can't miss it
That is odd. I did an AR teaching project with a history faculty member this semester. Students loved it!
Can a brownie baker/actress find happiness among the twitterati? Stay tuned.
Usually this is laundry night, but it's storming outside & I'm not in the mood to fight the weather en route to laundromat
You've got to go through the worst times in life to get the Best!<3
Thanks for the fic recommendations.
Apparently people are LOVING 50 Shades of Grey - and we have a lot of copies in stock! Stop by to pick one up!
First day of Carmen rehearsals! Are you as excited for this production as we are?
Hey Dawn, it was great seeing you again! I hope your weekend is a fun one. :)
Definitely I am all for shoe shopping.
Last day with my Mama. I love having her with me... Hopefully she'll be back in Nash soon.
It was my pleasure. Any more #EvernoteSchools webinars headed our way? When?
Doesn't that go against the styleguide?
Arclight came by for a surprise visit to tonight, showed off the next generation of the access control board.
Attempting to write my bio again... Always kinda awkward writing about myself.
Suggestion #6 Be honest.
Loved and understood your review of John Irving's important novel.
Went to the gym. feelin good :)
Sarcasm doesn't translate over text very well, when I say "Today sounds like a great day for a jog or some rape" Of course I'm not joking.
It's official. has joined Twitter. I cannot be held responsible for her comments.
When there is still breath, there is always hope.
The Price is Right Episode Guide » 5952K
Happy New Year to the only person I know who works even more than me lol. Miss u!
anyways how are you?? :)
U got cute dimpless :)
I have never been nervous for anything garden-related before today. First day running childrens garden planting, no idea what to expect.
USD's Nonprofit Governance Symposium is tomorrow and Saturday. . . will I see you there? I'm presenting on Online Philanthropy on Saturday.
Hey How about Sun/Mon instead?
Procrastination? No. Last Minute? Yes.
Our extensive interview process thoroughly outlines the qualifications, experiences, and objectives of our candidates.
Alex Oriakhi is headed to Missouri. Not too surprising. He was wanting more minutes than UK would be able to provide him.
How do we make a typical school day more integrated? less compartmentalized?
We can't get enough of Kevin Eubanks! Catch his interview with Patti Jackson at 1:00p on Phillys Best R&B and Classic Soul 105.3 WDAS-FM
Happy valentines day!!! Or in my case I'm-forever-alone-and-my-life-sucks day! :)
I can't wait.. do you still keep in touch with taps team?? Do you have plans to join them again??
what?! Who? Im confused!
Spring break!!'
NFL: Baltimore vs. New England
Hates getting in line at the grocery store behind old people
