Yeah buddy!!! RT : Doing work at work to ... gettin' me thru the grind
thanks for the
SO WHACK!
damn I need to get out to the next Spar Star.
Hey Wats up ;)
My friends tell me to move on. But fact of the matter is I'm stuck in memory lane.
EVery Saturday
what promise? You gotta remind me, I'm bad with promises. That's how i lost Kate Hudson.
Hot Lips would actually be a fun name for a hot sauce...
is one class act! Twitter timeline about MKE is awesome.
#iwanttogotothere RT : So I heard about a place that makes grilled cheese sandwiches with mac and cheese.
": I've mastered my mama signature"
Just one of those days when nothing would fall. More motivation
I kind of want to go to the carnival, but the fact that it will be filled with students from our school makes it automatically suck.
thanks! nice to tweet you!
Of COURSE I want a cinnamon broom!
Mama raised a hellraiser why cry, That’s just life in the ghetto, do or die.
Want to help stop SOPA, CISPA, PCIP, and the NDAA? I need your help defeating Lamar Smith if you live in Austin or San Antonio.
FIND A QUEEN! Le Gasp!
I would buy that! Your pics are always amazing!! =)
Thanks for the follow though I don't twea.aet anything worthwhile ha.
"Many fail by trying to get as much as possible for doing as little as possible"
looks like a national championship in the making!
I'm not committed to no nigga but there will always be this one guy you goes out for.
The K are wearing their hoods over their shoulders to protest a Latino got to murder Trayvon Martin.
interesting that he "celebrated" his sentencing by going out to a club :/
Been thinkng about getting an industrial piercing... Idunno yet...
THANKS :D
Happy Palm Sunday, Communion, & April Fools Day!
it's ok. Cuz when that $100k hits our acct........it will have been worth the wait :))) Sssuuppppp!!!!!! Lol! :)
I dont care if you dont like his music or how he acts and i did not say you do at least you respect him...
yeah man second that f'n little twink sucks
This is the latest I've slept in a long time
Hanging out to escape noisy house cleaners (work at home woes). Checking something out in gratitude.
there giving otter boxes away?
Drink, drank, drunk.
Bring the muthafuckin ruckus!
The first segment of The Daily Show is consistently the best couple of minutes on tv. The B block (next segment) is the worst.
Amazing. You people will defend everything one of u'r own does. Amazing.
Are you still going through the seasons of #24?
#FF Recent Followers
Good morning!! It's Monday ...get up get out and get something!
because your always talking to them! Gtg bye!:(
I want selenas boy friend but she seems to make him very happy so I'll let love be.
Just know my beloved are gonna crush 's silly team today. And guess who will be there for round 2 tomorrow? THIS GIRL.
Holy crap! Surprise SURPRISE 50th birthday party?! WOW no idea
for get you
But bacon is so... bacony!
#boyfriend breiwlsdviweog ah!!!
you think? nigga you do!
O, pick me! RT : Looking for a #summerintern w/sense of adventure & decent office skills. Please send resume to .
We've heard good things about Wordpress Tumblr Blogger too.
All praise to planet earth goon molly is the EarthGOD let dem kno
Because i love!!RT why do you treat me so badly?
So imma make my aunt a facebook .
Shocked at the people who think I am trying to censor them by educating them that "Crea-tard" is highly offensive.
he didn't exist dude*
You ever had something that smell so good that you wanna eat it even though it's not food ?
Just saw the Milwaukee Groupon for serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer tour is sold out. Sorry, kids - there goes our road trip!
Thanks for the tweetin' love Buffalo!!!
I wish you were my best friend. Like for real. You're amazing. I love you. I need to meet you. HERE I COME!!<3
has 20% off all orders on BrewCityBites ALL WEEK!
Congrats on the Pete and Bonnie Axthlem Scholarship!
I should have more drinks before having to deal with this.
Hello Edmonton and Calgary!! I am gonna be live with Scott Phillips in a few minutes!!
He's wrong on this mt : Tom Izzo at speaking engagement in Grand Rapids takes time to rip Twitter again as "self-promoting."
maybe wednesday but she usually doesn't sit by me lol
bad news for I'm sure. Sorry bud
What is "Casey Anthony's last tweet"? RT It's hard to distance yourself mentally from a person that you see every day. .
It's about damn time you fucking jerk.
Joker said that he wants to throw it 45 times/game. UK has attempted at least 45 passes/game just 3 times in school history ('97, '98, '00).
Friends are God's apology for relations. ~ Hugh Kingsmill
thank you for the Nuggets tix! We had fun!!! Love you and your wife!!!!
How far do you have Duke going in your favorite bracket?
She throw that ass back nd never over do it !
Not sure why I'm up at 6. But here we go.
Lol don't start we can do that on the phone
So, it's 3 in the morning and I haven't been to sleep yet! Just laying here wide awake!
how about no cops - no money...
Review officials | Not having the best of days | Hope they get this right! |
Pickup Line: Hey baby, will you be my love buffet so I can lay you on the table and take what I want?
just listened to the final recording of "Rendezvous". Ahh!! i hope you like it as much as i do!
sim ta certo! :)
RT treats game of thrones characters like real people "You got to meet HOT PIE last night."
i guess you can call it lucky.
the blonde he's next to, she's holding his hand
I have 666 admirers on Etsy.
sounds hot. love the mixes
aye u'll show Follow_You_Home's video once apon a lie
Going horseback riding! :D
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Paterno family and Penn State fans.
Great event with really great results and conclusions. With this foundation and tenacity we can go only up and ahead!
Though the pen is mightier than the sword, the sword speaks louder and stronger at any given moment.
Woo feelings! : At the end of the day… it’s just about finding, and loving, someone who loves you too.
#Mac #iPad Apple sets iPad Mac sales records
The 2011 is coming to the end, what are you looking forward to in 2012? Let's start writing wishes for next year!
Black girl team full of bad bitches.
"When Mike got arrested, they told him, ""Anything you say will be held against you.""Mike said, ""Claudia Schiffer's breasts."""
Blizzard stimulates the economy by selling millions of Diablo I copies. Money is removed from the economy as workers stay home playing it.
Eating at some point today, would be good i think...
RT Dude, Bissinger is stocked up on those index cards. It's scary. Did he know about this debate 5 years ago?
Was unconventional and relied on his legs too much. Traded to SF and was given time to develop behind Montana. Later became a Superbowl MVP.
#MDNA #Madonna Gotta shake up the system & break all the rules. Gotta turn up the Radio. I'm liking it. Few songs remind me of #Yaz &
GOAL. Where are you?
not sure haven't checked the schedule.
Fml... I gotta work in the in the morning and it is waaayyy past my bedtime.
Ain't no follow back girrl!..
Happy hr! Touch baby touch! ;)
Took your advice. For more jokes follow me
Irony...Dr.Adelglass filming news worthy segment- Victory Pk.ABC this Sunday 11:30am Hi-Def sculpting ,while an artist outside painted away!
I know what women want in a winter coat. @ least 15 things, & the list starts with temp ratings. Who has what we want? ? 11312
Possible resolution #3; try to keep most of the urine off of the toilet seat some of the time
I had a dream #NYGIANTS drafted #Luck and traded him for Matt Kemp WTF!!! Weird ass dream.......
Just ventured out. Still a sheet of frozen slush on NB 169. Saw a MN Dot crew headed south.
S/O to the mothers that not only mother their children but everyone else's also!
Working on a NEED's socially-minded gift giving guide today. Feel free to direct message your suggestions. Thanks!
Ha this rachet bitch tryna smoke with edgar i see you hoe!
Heading to Pittsburgh today for Dan's wedding - and then to DCA by 8am Monday
ill interview with Michal Menert about Music, Snowboarding and life
Offical twitter beef ! Bombs will be thrown its good tyler's short she might not get hit
What will U and the UNIVERSE conspire to achieve today? Speak it and it shall be done!
Oh yeah, the ACC will be my bitch too. Al Golden can't hold my jock.
Cutest date ever , just got to my grandmas, making some coffee :3
I was born with my car attached...HUMAN RIGHT??? so I can walk into a dealership and demand a car? it's my human right??lol
Thank you to everyone who came to the #IHSMDC event last night! I had an awesome time. BIG thanks to for everything!
There was lots of motion at mid... Maybe not all well directed. Thought Roger would kill himself a couple times
Oh that's alright, sleep. I didn't really feel like spending time with you either. I was so much more productive without you.
It's crazy how music can make you feel inside. It is like words of the soul coming together to say everything you can't articulate.
Women in start ups: leverage 1/3 less capital & bring same results; 12% higher revenues in early stage.
Man I just caught myself in a moment
Haha is my background flipping off the camera bout time he is a normal teen
Hanging out in the mall in this Brookestone massage chair with my sleeping bag and backpack until they kick me out for looking homeless.
I downloaded it too!!!!!! :D
- You are doing great things, I wish I could come out and walk for epilepsy but I'll definitely support your efforts.
excuse me Jonny
If it will make them competitive, make the trade, but it needs to be for high prospects. No low-A 24 y/o pitchers.
Me too RT : Curious how Fluvanna's budget/high school woes will affect home buyers' decisions.
Jambalaya Recipe for Mardi Gras You don't have to be in New Orleans for Mardi Gras to enjoy some good, old-fashioned jambalaya. This jamb
is meeting Donald Trump today....rumor has it he likes blondes. ;-)
New DieCutting Blog, Ask, Learn, Get Answers, Express your opinion @ www.mydiecuttingblog.com
"Gangs of New York" Cued up and ready to roll. Bring on the Butcher!
The impossible is often the untried. ~Jim Goodwin
when is enough enough??
Good Morning World! It s a new day and I have alot to do before the night hits. Setting up a smooth weekend.
what's up?! Miss you
#Retweet if you
BELOW THE BRIM is soon becoming animated... no for real...im serious! Bringing our art to life.
please and follow me please
Thank you for being the bestest friend in the WHOLE WORLD!!
Evel Knievel Days by , This Bright River by , True Believers by
KPTV is using the picture under my name. i didnt take the pic. credit belongs to Derek Mitchell
2 of my original poems won the Village of Grafton POETRY PATHS contest & will be permanently etched into the sidewalk...
Somebody has a fetish for purple.
We were just kids in love. The summer was full of mistakes we wouldn't learn from.
“: It's good. Nothing great tho!” Really? Have you had Five Guys burgers? I like those a lot
#10YearsAgo I had sesame street, and pokemon all that kind of stuff and that's it. Everything was a total fantasy.
Occupying the hell out of Olympia.
i still love you.....but i doubt if u knoe becuz of her #Sierra Mist vs Sprite
Sometimes you just have to ... AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!! OK, now I feel better. :)
Nope, only downstairs. I'll have to check out the open mic sometime!
Goose and redbull with a twist of lime makes this girl a happy girl!!!!
Boston loves what you guys do!! Keep up the good work!! Follow us?
Texans are signing Keenum. I'm pleased with this.
“: Re: Good taxidermist?”Greg Kolstad, Sheyenne ND. Shop is called Wild Things.
But I don't wanna go to work today ):
It was good running into a fellow Bentley alumni
I'm high too
my pleasure :-)
calling it a night. more tomorrow...!
I wonder how this world would be if everyone just felt beautful.
This is the Age of Quotation Marks.
Laker fans are classy RT : Avoid downtown of possible. Too many armed robberies going down..
I recall, but unclear your pt in this tweet. (?)
Hey girl what's been up?!
I agree with you, that's why I'm switching to
In Chinese Med Broth made from beef bones is good for your tendons and cartilage.
in a word... Nochanceinhell.... I wouldn't have been my normal witty self had we talked
Overhead a delegate say, "that was easy," in response to the check-in process. So far so good!
I just said hi ahaha!!
*gaspin* cant breathe gimme a sec. RT : #really lol RT : fake an asthma attack. works like a charm...
Boyfriend wont talk to me /;
As you say, see what you want to see, cuz ELWAY's first 13 years based on that formula.
congrats proud papa!
Matinee of Rip.Tide in 5 min! So excited to see Ima and Aba 😁
i love you
/ Indeed! The hive is bumpin'...
be safe
Time is Love- Josh Turner <3
www.pledge4patriots.com asks you to join on FB...PATRIOTS PLEDGE
Exam and 2 lab reports to write before the game tonight. Really contemplating burning down Chem/Phys tonight instead of just couches.
why can you and not close a freaking browser window already
Great to talk with earlier tonight! Excited about the great press you're getting. :) It's much deserved!
Doesn't matter...They still can't work out with their new teams during the lockout.
Micro-BID? Never heard of it. Definitely good you're learning more of them. There's gonna be more coming to SD. No doubt.
Don't take what you have for granted you never know when it all can be taken away
So very happy that whose business is online Annotations supports enough to fly out a team for DCcodeathon!
good luck. Travel safe! See you soon!
All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast. ~John Gunther
my brothers are the biggest fags in the history of fags
Done and done :)
I feel like making a stupid purchase today
I think I'm too old for the VMA's...just can't stomach it!
What's your favorite way to celebrate St. Patrick's Day?
I'm a little confused as to why it's 50 outside and 85 in my office.
Awk how I follow somebody and 1.5 seconds later promo them. wot.
thx always great to read your tweets!
Girls Day at #Milwaukee City Hall!! Networking event inspires young women to have a public service career. #girlpower!
To all the dividend critics: if #Apple actually needed $100Bn cash to build its next great product - THAT would be the beginning of the end
"Big knock Pedro!"
Switching back & forth between Cubs game & the matchup Im most intrigued by this season Angels/Rangers
Hey guys! Please follow us over !
Yes, we are very concerned about the Wal-Mart at 25th st. Many of our board have been active against it.
The availability of information to certain populations isn't a given. Sorry Kreps, but people still manage the info.
Haha! RT : Santorum pulls out of the race. My uterus can come out of hiding now.
The problem with waking up at 2:30 pm in late fall is that it's going to be dark in 3 hours.
what to do what to do what to do
Q7: head indoors before dark or carry bug repellent
Hey baseball fans, take notice of the #WashingtonNationals I think they will be the real deal!
remember when sung You Belong With Me? omg. the things i would do to that boy.
nothin really, you?
This girl commenting on this fb status need to take some time and read the bible cause she clearly don't.
Congrats, congrats, congrats! Break a leg, lady!
Bless Empress!
RT : Good things come to those who sponsor RT Cool to see make cover of Entrepreneur...
we're back! Come down and see the store, the changes, all the HOT new bikes and all of us! We miss you guys!!!!!
Giddy giddy giddy. Not giggidy.
What would you do with an extra $25 this month? Dinner, a movie, maybe a new shirt? Tell us...
Performing LIVE Tonight at the 2012 Spring Fling Festival @ The Sea Port Marina Hotel in Long Beach ! Be There !!!!!
Thanks for the great infographic!
My local paper chose to put an article about Dick Cheney's heart transplant on the Obituary page. Um ...
Make sure you like the words that come out of your mouth
Im tired
Saw a 7th grader from glades on the ship.small world bro
He's nice. I really couldn't get with him before for some reason..... Only song I like was House Party lmfao.
Thank God that dreadful quarter is over!
Marcum: preservation is important, & so few institutions do it well. Digital preservation=key for libraries of the future
...you are now immortal!! thats awesome!!
Yes. What's your favorite song, video, album? Sorry for all those questions just very excited haha :)
Goodnight everyone <3
TEACHER: How many books have you read in your lifetime? PUPIL: I don't know. I'm not dead yet.
saw u in nitido! "BEAUTIFUL!"
Goodnight/Good morning twitteer think I'm going to sleep
You did it to me again, Brian! Damn you and your great game recommendations. Very fun game.
last time studying for art history ever
My dad ate a price of the cookie I made for my friends birthday -.- awesome
lol maybe, but there is no cure
That'll teach ya to stay out of the paint!
WISDOM begins by asking questions. WORK begins by setting priorities. WORSHP begins by sitting in silence.
what r the sausage stats so far? Whos runnin shit?
anyway I suspect jets will be the last use of oil to go. sad, though--dirigibles are great.
Come check out all the games at www.watchnhllive.com just register and enjoy the games live online
#schoolmemories when me and jord took a poll at recess to see who was nicer and she won by 50k votes
IKR! I GUESS I WON'T DRINK AS MUCH LOL
I wasn't playing when I said I was ready to settle down. & I finally found the right one to do that with.
S/O To , Today's His 18th Birthday! Happy Birthday Again! :D
there is no reason for you to make this. You might not like Austin, but that is no reason to make an account about his dad.
anyone interested in sharing links,good clean ones best companies.
Drag my name through da mud watch it come out clean
Well, gas prices are up.
yeah, gonna be a couple weeks though babe :( hit me up next week?
hit me up.
You as well Dr.Richardson
Studying for an algebra test that I should've taken a full two weeks ago.
Creative Brain Storming session at LitFuse... Where do all of these crazy ideas come from?
Happiness is getting home from work & finding the Inni LP/DVD set by Sigur Ros waiting for you. Excellent film by one of my favorite bands.
We're serious. RT are you ******* kidding me?!??!!?!?!? i have been looking for ugly xmas sweaters for so long
GO SEE ONCE. NOW.
Congrats :) RT : What up #panthernation?! I'm baaaaaacckk!! 💢BOOM💢
hey now don't get all Cocky! Haha 😂😂
Ths is another area that mitt romney doesn't have a clue about.We would be in trouble if he were potus, to wishy washy.
I was making my case for LBJ being the best defender in the NBA yesterday. Friend's response: "a superstar can't be the best defender".
I know! Miss you too! How have you been??
just dmed you
more Nuggets slander!? Funny no mention about win over Boston on Sat.. This team will make a run come playoffs
#DominicanRepublic volunteer trip planning in full swing! We do it for those little superstars!!
The lady checking my bag asked if I was a student or found some good deals at half price books. Neither! A lot of #sxswi swag!
If you cried in the 1D store, I'm judging you.
I have faith it will happen.
Not sure on the species, but its positioning looks *way* too close to the house. You'd want that out of there.
Same here! Love it!
The worst vice of the solitary is the worship of his food.
Congrats (Team South) on the big victory. Redemption is sweet.
Locked my keys in my car -_- just put it on my tab
its all about the fundamentals.....takes a look at what college system they came from....
What do you think of our #MadMen style Ebony ad? Maybe something Kinsey would come up with? And shot down by Sterling?
Good morning! Places to be, things to create, words to write....
so is the project! :D
Lol. Sigh. Okay I'll resist. I'll have to find out the details later.
really does bike. All the time, everywhere. How sweet would it be to have the Mayor's police escort on bikes too?
At the DCist happy hour at Trusty's. Have you had a Trusty Burger? Where are you ? Menu =Burgers & . Nuff said!
#Q4Jon What is your view of the success/failure of the federal drug war, and what changes, if any, would you make to current drug policy?
or until they accidentally create a tsunami when their asteroid capture device malfunctions.
I do like biscuits. Especially when they are surrounding a piece of chicken and cheese covered in gravy
Did manningham say we work on feetwork all the time in his postgame press conference?
We're paying out almost $4000 this Sunday! Come get yours by playing in our cash games all weekend. Learn how in the poker room :o)
Lol hat says "I give myself hickies to look cool" ahahahaha
two high school girls cause deaths, one through electricity.
powwow'n it up
Pretty funny but true on the guys wandering around. =)
One out of 3 problems solved. Im gunning for all three by mothers day....even though it wont happen. Ahaha
Ever just feel like ur never gonna be good enough for someone?
I can tell ur busy so whenever ur ready to talk to me im here luvz hope all goes well with ur show 2morro wish I was there !
Dear neighbor listening to the Miami Vice soundtrack. Just WAIT until I get my speakers unpacked and can play Napalm Death.
Today fuckin sucks! I just wish I could go to sleep and have my homie here wit me once again! RIP
Feelin like shit, but I gotta study. That's not what we want.
OUT OF SCHOOL!!!!GOT OUT EARLY!!!!!!!SPRING BREAK!!!!!
#RatetheSOTU A solid 4.5. It was largely clunky, some of his talking points didn't make much sense, & he loses a full .5 for the
Easy: You write good shit. You keep doing that, and you'll keep getting those dollas.
Don't forget to watch at #TOPMANLFW! The show starts in a few hours!
“: #FF to these lovely folks ” awww... Thank u!
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself ~ Leo Tolstoy
well thank you c:
I tried a rowing machine in the gym last night for the first time. Anyone have tips for using it or should i just skip it altogether?
will you follow me please ?(:
Pish posh! Editing takes out all the fun of trying to put out the accidental fires of misunderstanding.
Aceves better out of the bullpen than starting, right folks!
That dog has the crazy eyes!
I kind of want to go back to school just so I can have stimulating conversations about the state of society.
too bad I have no desire to even defend my school, it was so fucked up hahahah
: Hi Tim--r u free for dinner tonight?
I want to hate the mavs in person tomorrow...
You just earn twitter cool points for knowing a Westsider lol
Looking for 2 Charlotte-based copywriters/bloggers interested in PT/FT positions - interested in learning other online marketing skills.
This is a test to NMP Twitter from Omnia
Looking out the office window, there are two women in coats... it cannot be that cold out...
Do you like coupons and getting a great deal? Go check out www.dealshow.com right now, some great items for super cheap!
Time to be a #saturdaylibrarian. Who's with me?
Oh my!!! So cute! Incredible that there can be TWO of such cuteness!
By my calculation I just shoveled about 140 cubic feet of snow. Now I am about 1/5 done. Yay!
James Brown Is Dead - You Me & Everyone We Know
do to I am actually listening to her right now, Beez in the trap
well with this and the game of real life we're just all set to be horrible people.
Congrats on OEM's award from DPI!
That's Merely A Prediction. Don't Mean It's Gon Happen
Still time to join us! Today's Special: Prime Rib 12oz cut w salad & potato for $25. Come celebrate w the Best Prime Rib around....
Omg i didnt see the 1st half i was in the gym playing basketball and football
Need 4 volunteers for tomorrow 9 am--free admission, food, tshirts karma--please email
Woo so many new followers. I feel like a king.
Getting excited when you figure out your mom got cheetos and cupcakes at walmart yesterday.... #fatassprobz (;
Can you please hook up with a CloudShare trial? He's out of dev space on his servers :)
We're focusing on the needs of our customers to give us #inspiration on our future software product ideas! (#Cloud #Hadoop)
Oakland Raiders head Coach Tom Cable punches assistant, ever the Raiders coaches are criminals gotta love that team!!
Altering a quote, and you call yourself a journalist?
Im hurting RT : thanks Dre. Hope NYC's treating you well this wknd.
2 of 2: #Hawks went for value & took Acie Law later in the first round. Oy
#Truuuuuu maybe next year
All I ask is that you go out and get some fresh air before logging on the Internet and saying how much this sucked.
- Cameron Todd Willingham - next question.
One week to Voodoo Macbeth! reserve a seat at
Well I am co-hosting since I reside in RR1. Just setting things up for our fab visitors. Sounds like your chat went well!
Oh. Their strawberry shortcake is also phenomenal.
Here's a more tradition #FF. Have a great day!
Happy Veterans Day. We will never forget what you have done for us!
lol. That ALWAYS makes it better. ;-)
lmfao who brings a gun to a teenager party
cool, thanks, grabbing now
This gone b a good ass series
want a dog get a friend want a friend get a dog
you're so sweet! :)
AIKI approach - acknowledge under conflict, put awareness on source of attack
RT : SA is FULL of extraordinary schools serving disadvantaged learners. See 3rd sector schools at 11 in hall 4.
Wish had the same passion running for Governor as he has being Milwaukee's Mayor. Never was nor will be there.
me too same here in detroit cold one day next sunny andd wake up to snow the day after that lol
A Walk to Remember :)
Things not to shout at a rally: "My feet hurt! My feet hurt!"
new microphone arriving this week! bring on the voicework!!! :-)
which will be in like 2 years or so.
Love the article, Mark! And I'm super excited to shoot with you on Sunday!
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him
I'm god! What about you?
snow maybe tonight. Was actually referring to scheduling snafus for 2nd time this week.
thanks! Yes re show! Soon.
I lived in NYC on 911, and saw my home and my country wounded. #OperationGetBinLaden was important to me!
haters gonna hate right, coach? Mad cuz uofail has nothing to celebrate and hasn't in a long, long time.
All of my friends should be 3
Eli Manning will host Saturday Night Live on May 5th -- and commedy fans worth a watch, he and Peyton very funny !
STILETTOS INTENSIFIES MY CURVES
apparently you spend all your time indoors
find me nigga
come on over!!
Knock 'em dead! We'll be cheering for you.
Hunger is the best spice.
Ugh, ugly crying. The Notebook omg.
Screw vikes broncos lets watch americas game.. Boom
Baseball is 90% mental, the other half is physical. Yogi Berra
she said it's perfectly fine!! :) woot!
Regional bloggers - let's meet for lunch tomorrow and share ideas!
are you going to hoot festt?
My poor cousin! Are you ok?! How did this go down?
Doc gives up 6 runs in the bot. of the 5th thanks to a grand slam from Brian McCann and the game is tied at 6.
I can feel it. Captured me at the very core & it feels right. Challenges & obstacles will not stop me. Relentless in the pursuit.
of course! (:
We are lucky enough to work in a district that doesn't do much blocking.
Following the Spring Conference today with #iabcmnsc. Looks like a lot of fantastic content!
K-12 community of MT, RI, SD, OK, NV & UT we want to hear from you! Contact the SpeakUp team to get registered today!
writing lyrics is crazy
congrats on ND! Ha RT : David Robinson's son is going to play football at Notre Dame...
community night starts n 35 min!! Better get here fast!
Thx Whoosh. #Worried Texting my aunt...
so annoyed banks are trying to rip u off left and right
Biking to work, grilling out & drinking beer for lunch on the roof on an 80 deg day in the middle of March in Wisconsin? Thanks Republicans!
Boodussy . (Booty , Dick , and Pussy)
Back to sleep
Baby, it's cold outside! Let us deliver :) 303-770-3100
are you sure?
It's been a pleasure! Thanks Cory! I enjoyed every moment of working with
Gay is Okay, a matter of fact, its more than okay. HOMOSEXUALITY IS WHAT MAKES THE WORLD GO ROUND.
what a coincidink! All my friends say I am to! But i'm a dude........
gettin ready to go ride in the woods along with 30 other people :) yay
Big plans this weekend?
Pundits can never lose. Give advice and make predictions. If proven wrong, blame it on the candidate for not following their sage advice.
ya!! we'll keep you updated :)
I'm sure there's a good chance of that lol
I would go to jail for murdaa before i let a man beat on me...
I could fill the attic ocean twice with all the saliva that was pouring out of your mouth. Tool(;
what are you talking about? I got a new phone so I didn't text you or anything cause I lost your number
What?!?!?!? >>RT : BREAKING: Police say former NFL star Junior Seau found dead at home in Oceanside, Calif.
I really enjoyed Molokai, but then I like extremely rural with nothing to do but sit and read.
Does your simpolio WP theme support sortable/filterable portfolios?
I don't follow so-called social media
help me with my homework
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 3
Just dropped some old batteries and a TV at the Southwestern College e-recycling event...there was no line and they are well organized.
Awesome rehearsal today! We didn't skip a beat incorporating Ben into the group! I can't wait until tomorrow!!!
I forgot to pay my bar tab at the DMV
LSU Tigers NCAA Ball Mark Repair Tool
oh lol I meant what brand was it :)
Its not enough of them to play
needs to make an appearance in Miami sometime soon
on it. But first I'll create eac records for all of these trucks and their associated drivers.
I got a cheese shipment coming straight from Holland, courtesy of my awesome dad :) YUUUUMMMMM
Are you not with Mitchell and everyone?
not the
When someone with multiple personalities threathens suicide, can that be considered a hostige situation?
Warriors Kwame Brown undergoes surgery, out 3 months
I got a MacBook pro!! You need one! So worth the money!
and then alistair overeem eats it
Modified modified modified modified modified modified modified modified schedule.
well, stress couldn't wait that long :(
Great producing / editing on this new series.
wish I was braski
People come. People go. Lessons stay.
Woke up in time for !
Any poetry lounges here in Miami?? Let me know so I can check them out.
Good things come to those who wait. Great things go to those who take it.
UGGGGHHHHH no Tarbaby is not playing at the summer DC Jazz Loft series the same night I DJ here. Bout to throw a temper tantrum
Don't blame me I'm just a honest n*gga....
“ Never owned a pair if polo boat shoes but I fucks wit my sperry's !”
Lol apple headphones are too damn loud!
I'm sure there is a reason I don't link my account w/ Facebook. It isn't like I've been listening to "The Essential Kenny Loggins".
kirk douglas was scary just like voldemort
I Do This For The Road, U Know We Getting Slizzled...
yeah! It's really cool to see everything from up there! And your not too high... It's a perfect view !
you spelled pretty wrong
"titling" just looks like it's spelling wrong
RT : Join at THE event of year #ACCSCGala May 4 w/ speakers & Mary Matalin, Silent Auction...
I feel useless and alone. Momma u have to pull through. Ur a fighter. I love you.
What would you do with $50 to the store? Enter our giveaway for a chance to find out! www.Facebook.com/RachelandCo
I hate teleconferences!
Amen bob!
hope you're able to get that pic! :-/
This is beyond sex !
Sacramento friends, tune into Fox40 morning news at 9:40 to see my friend and author Elizabeth Cheryl talk about her new book!! :)
I think the last time I used perfume from an aerosol can I was 5.
Waiting to hear #SaySomethin again! IT WAS SO AMAZING! I LOVED IT!
Why do trends break in subculture first? Because the majority of us are trying to be what we're not.
I read that tweet and busted up!
- I am living vicariously through you. :)
Bobcats went off this year!! 7-59
Working on my message for Sunday and hanging with Peter while Jenni's subbing! He's such a funny kid!
First date no. 12. Rock climbing. This should be interesting...
If your following a celeb on here and you have to beg them for a RT or reply then you are desperate. If they wanna talk to you they would
I love love LOVED reading that. YOU'RE beautiful, my dear :)
It's Sunday. You know the deal. Where else you got to go?
The only thing you can be sure of with the #Raiders is that they will do the dumbest thing imaginable!
I got all these bitches shaking in fear. Quick to talk shit yet scared to come near. ;) just saying
next to.it since peyton didnt play this season
My car needs an alignment, it's been chaotic evil lately
Our #3 is true-believer organizing campaign in AZ to recall bigot Russell Pearce & -
OK...1:30 at Market and New Montgomery. See you outside and we will go from there.
thanks also
What a fun party
So on fire and so in love, that look in your eyes that I miss so much, remind me.<3
New This Week | Four new jobs and three new grants. Find them on the Programming Library homepage.
Go play Robin Hood with somebody else's heart.
Educating bartenders on talking to their patrons about HIV prevention in the 80s. on diffusion at
"TWITTER THURSDAY" WITH THE
life goes on..
yea...i swear it gets me.through!
The quad is like a Fellini film just now: juggling, chalk drawings, George is covered in sweatbands & Celine Dion is blaring for no reason.
Had a very lovely day! Hope you did too ;) Now, I deserve some brownie!
we have tv's playing in in the tech support area and the kitchen. oy.
Happy birthday, !
You can get a FREE copy of Churched by /MPT! Started listening to mine today. Great stuff.
I had no idea the abbey would crush plan B, I was a #DeerInHeadlights haHA! Good times, $1 to Vanessa > $20 to Monica err'day!
MERRY CHRISTMAS! Who's awake and opening gifts already???
can't believe you wouldn't take my calls last night....just bc #Glee was on....
Ashley Bass presenting on ERMS to Dominican University MLIS program in River Forest, IL tonight.
About to shake n shimmy them hips at Florida tribal dance. I miss my belly dancing classes! #metime!
"Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it." ~Leonardo da Vinci
I am making a copy of your note for myself.
giving country music a go..
exactly. I don't see why there would be an uproar. That being said, I do believe in forgiveness.
I need tea and to do reviews.
The movements of massage cause blood to flush in and out of muscles and joints
How I accidentally put #nationalbestfriendday as my # in my tweet to #Smh whatta shame lol #justkiddin ITALIAN STALLION!!
Take off your wings, They could never get you quite as high as I did.
When in doubt, pray. 🙏
#Superbowl Come get your eat & drink on at Coops Bar free pulled pork sandwiches, $3 domestic bottles, $3 Superbowl bombs,
yep. i'll add it. thanks!
OMG are they really? I would LOVE to work for them!
“: Zombies following humans out of the SUB. Watch your back! ” CONSTANT VIGILANCE!!
WALK! Anthony's ridin his bike from Cheshire...you can atleast walk
do u have mw3
How do you mean? Late season collapse?
Sweet Potato fries came out PERFECT! #MasterChef #WhoNeedsACookbook #WingedIt!
thank you SO much for following me!! You don't even know how much this means to me!!
Dareus or Miller ? Broncos fans
It's not going to be easy but #28 will be that much sweeter this year b/c of the struggles.
Yeah for Triple h
make me one!
Ahh the feeling of 35 degrees makes Tuesday morning awesome, excited tor the Big Easy on Thursday
fuck what u want i got what u need
well done for your activism award at #theshortyawards tonight live from the Times Center NYC
When you feel like Your wasting Your fucking Time.
“ roses are red, violets are blue, never say never, and dreams do come true <3 #followme ? :)”
's TWEETS > BREATHING
hasta la vista, homies! Weekend you shall enjoy yes!
Hahahahaha, well have fun with the sleep tonight. :)
Totally understandable! We'll shoot you an email.
I was going insane something was beeping in my house!..... It was my phone :D
Twitter or yourself? I Keed I keed!
hi :D im a big fan of yours :D
it was her ankle i think
woo! The man whisked me away to Vancouver BC for the night and some more celebrations t/o the weekend. How are you celebrating?
do you want to set up a meeting to view the equipment?
Go follow our personals! & :)
I meant your dream lol. Those are very specific details to remember and recall like that haha. Just an observation.
The new dining hall looks great!
A witty woman is a treasure; a witty #beauty is a power. - George Meredith
I love when rain randomly pours down.
Regardless of your political philosophy, you have to respect He is one leader willing to tackle our biggest budget problems.
No prob! : thanks for the follow
Good job last night boys. Lookin' forward to next week!!!
Sure. DM me your e-mail address so we can discuss this in greater detail.
i guess man, i guess.
We're sure. MT I'm verified. This should cure all questions about whether or not I'm real. Although I'm still not sure.
I'm using your beautiful Sea Salts and grinding your Whole White Peppers cooking class tonight!
naw bro.. We gonna do our thing
is Jesus 2.0. So glad your back my friend. Hug for you!
Good Morning you guys (:
i get how #ACOs would eliminate wasteful duplicate testing, but how would it avoid the $3K MRI that told you nothing?
Dream big then wake up and do!!
Oh hey we have the new Decemberists at the station finally.
I am curious to see how the #MiamiHeat will do without
ha aw, i aint trippin bro. Ha just give me a heads up before u release it.
When you criticize the success of others, you prevent your own. You can not condemn others and ever hope to improve your situation from it.
“: Thanks for attending the #CECStartupForecast this morning, 2012 is going to be a grt yr for Chicago startups!” Amen! Great event!
Yea i did and me and Dakari is not cousin
GOLD CHARITY SPOTLIGHT: Intl. Rett Syndrome Foundation funds research for treatments to help find a cure. Visit , #charity,
facebook should make hug, kiss, and rape with a banana instead of just lame ass "pokes"
#Bevelers will be recording in the studio today
it feels good when someone from my pass that i dont respect now see that i dont give a fliiipp about them at all...pay back is something lol
The passing of Amy Winehouse is very sad but not at all shocking. RIP Amy. You will be missed.
Urrrrrrgh!!!!! Yeah, CM Punk
You said it, girl! :)
Listening to old Daft Punk is definitely helping me write this paper right now.
Sentiment is based on latest 10k+ posts if we have that many. If there is a "tawlk score" the window is filled.
having a final on a Saturday <<<<
Almost 5000 tweets! Goosh I rule:P ♥♥
School today .
Honey similar boat here...was going to crash early but if you want to go voice tomorrow....day or night you have my #
Awww! Too bad! It was a pic of a ginger with a beautiful mane getting cut!
I have found life a delightful, fascinating, active, and sometime terrifying experience, and I've enjoyed it perfectly.
Human rights and transnational relations.
thanks. the RT didn't show up in my stream for some reason
The poor needs help now, and I think the president has laid out a workable plan. Now, it is up to the congress to do the people's wish.
My report card was interesting...
Congrats!!! I'm a proud #SAG member too :) Love our #union!
I hope you had a great birthday!:), did you get my birthday text?
it's an awesome twist on Monkey Bread. It's got cream cheese and cin.sugar in the middle! Delish! =)
I'm getting tired of sleeping alone. where is the one for me? we can fall sleep in each others arms. I know everyone loves that feeling.
Listening to 's new album #UpAllNight on :D I can't wait to get the cd!!
similar yes, all natural with vegan and gluten free options. It's our crust that makes a difference: full of10 grains n probiotics
only if we can put a picture of certain people on whatever we are kicking :)
haha awesome did u go?
Do you do anything fancy to your truck for weddings?
If we can see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would modify.
The Autobiography of Maltball X
Leveling up online. Oh the lag! @
so fun meeting you!
Haha, yeah, money's good, but people are crazy and nasty. Mostly nasty, I can do crazy, not nasty though.
The Element is in demand now? What happened?
great #glandzberg reference
Happy homecoming for #Bryzgalov. Great job out West boys
Tacos are the foundation of my food pyramid
harden needs to tell his beard to step it up. Brian wilsons is way more famous
RT : Big Performance at Mississippi State Univ. Tonight....We appreciate all the Love and Support!!! follow
did you find your neighborhoodie? if not, give it up, and get a new one from us. Chad will get it ready for you!
Worried about Social Security? Trust Jesus&live right& He will always take care of you.For I have never seen the [holy] begging bread. Bible
Aww, he went for his daddy
Makes you wonder how civilization got anything done without bacon to power us. I'd like to think bacon got us to the moon.
If you didn't like me then, you're gonna hate me now.
will someone tell me why a lot of people don't like me? I mean I am so sweet and fun. idk why they don't like me. it's like I have haterz.
Shawty, I’m a only tell you this once....you’re the illest.
heh it's ok. I don't think it's a very poplar style of watch right now so I'm coming up short. Oh well.
Going for drinks now in Nancy's room no 509
Physics exam done. Stats exam next.
Wtf! Junior Seau shot himself!?? That's horrible! :'(
I think the #Knicks should trade Amare for Chris Paul to Melo all day!
I want you to play so good that people will throw their babies on the field, ah...
Chips pajamas and a movie.
thanks Gionni. Best of luck!
It's been awhile since I have been here
Oh thank you so much my love. You looked amazing last night! Simply stunning <3 So glad I saw you last night too.
Love how told me she loves boys with messed up teeth....
Don't be too harsh on Mitt Romney. Nothing says "a man of the people" quite like elevators for your cars.
I scare myself sometimes, lol
Awww thanks! and I hope you do more Houswives recaps!
I love Mo!
...JEFF WHO LIVES AT HOME, SALT OF LIFE, FRIENDS WITH KIDS and BLUE LIKE JAZZ.
answer yo phone ! I know u ain't asleep !!!
I think only a vendor partner can get away with saying "I'd love for you to check our back-end" in a business meeting. tee-hee. "back-end"
Who's hungry?! The fire is on and lunch is served! Come down to the LR for happy hour, it starts at 330!
See you in 30! Pastrami....
thanks for following us. We love all new followers! Dont forget to like us on FB!
ok i'll text u
Who's gonna be nice today and bring me bw3s:-)
In that case ;)
coming from thee girl who never texts me back.... i was at work assfuckk.
it was a great game
I need to buy a new video game. Suggestions?
it must be summer
I'm going to the Vegas Foodie Fest!!!
Thanks for the follow man!
I feel like we should come up with some way to merge the two.
thank goodness indeed!
when are you announcing the #lumia winners?
what a great assignment
That son of a bitch.
there're always failures in particulars, I spoke of the world in both absolute and per-capita terms: learn from success, not losers
... in the lives of more empty than useful.
I wish u would stop lying to my son, its hurting him, n makes me want to kill u
and... More strength to do something about it! Praying for you!
What are your thoughts on the #BlackOps2 trailer? Head on to our forums and tell us what you like/dislike about the reveal!
He should try playing for the team that has been overpaying him for 3 years.
My mom is irritating.
Matmos will be at my school soon. Hooray.
"Stay Free Maxi Pads. I see London, I see China, I see a happy Vagina". I'm going to miss Jason Sudeikis. Also great to see Will Forte.
I saved the best for last
Excited for the to invade this weekend!
paper done! now off to club snell. plz let there be good parking spots
Flight to Baltimore on SW and then to Boston. Awesome no hassle airline. Why don't the other airlines get it?
All i know pussy ass niggas better watch dat tone when talkin to a real G foh wit dat bs
yea its real I am shooting the video now.....
Hey! ! Congratulations to you and The Team for Mission Drift's nomination! Well deserved!
Keep Doing What U Doing Cuz I Need U H8trs
no way that sucks!
If we get involved, we can get a co-worker game of tennis going.
my email is back up!!! LinkedIn and FB really came in handy!!!
Thanks for the mention! Dr. Doggett does a lot of great work in our community and state.
I want to try and get envolved in the Christmas Wish even though we are struggling our selfs in this economy.
Have you ever wondered which hurts the most: saying something and wishing you had not, or saying nothing, and wishing you had?
You're more than welcome :) Thanks for allowing ShowClix to be apart of such an amazing event! All the best
hate when people r on Skype but don't answer calls
thanks...I appreciate that.
wondering whether you have the in-know on MD's conservation needs/efforts? since that's where i'm at
I know that times have been rough for the both of us, but I'll pray for a change
Hope you enjoyed! RT: Lunching at any must tries? As much as I love bacon, I'm kinda intrigued by vegan menu option
I think that prediction is a red herring & we need to be focused on those he is losing if he doesn't
I will look and try
#SaySomethin = Flawless , Pure Perfection , && brb, I'm dying because it's so AMAZING <33
BABYDADDY PROBLEMS IS A NO PROBLEM....
i follow U
hey oh nd sorry my phone doesn't get the tweets u send me idk y
A woman who knows her value will only put up with a man's nonsense for so long. You either get right, or you will get left.
Oops, we forgot to announce yesterday's gift card winner, Leia Haley Roberts. Congratulations!
Go insane, go insane. Throw some glitter. Make it rain.
#SignsAPersonCantCook when burns microwave popcorn
I just realized Victoria Beckham is Zoolander, minus the penis and overuse of hair gel...She's Blue Steel & Magnum & then some.
Saw Morning Joe this morning. The Republicans are something else.
Having a roommate who is an actor is the best. One of the many perks, free Broadway tickets
Had a wonderful Easter dinner and settling in for a Lifetime movie night.
no problem c:
you have to know when your the best when I would rather see you than ANY OTHER DJ! <3 your inspiring!
I used to keep a copy of my keys buried at a secret location nearby... somewhat nearby.
Come by, you'll feel like you're at home.
yup I'm going for sure.
RT : If I win the #MegaMillions I will buy a keg of the best beer to everyone that likes or retweets this
#tAGNation Join me in welcoming to the COD Elite Clan, and also to twitter, by the way he's as awful as the rest of us.
#job #LA #Android - Onsite contract near LAX, 3 months -- Good rate! Contractors only please. Link up w/me for details.
Realy Excited,for The New style,for our People Believed.
So, with your Sunday morning breakfast do you prefer orange juice with SOME pulp, LOTS of pulp or NO pulp?
Thanks for following Inner Gate Acupuncture!
follow me hoe
When is the #media going to start challenging #ShittyMitty #Romney about this bogus job creation claim????
“: Still trying to decide who I like less, john edwards or roger clemens. Probably clemens. Vote here.” Edwards.
Bubbletea tomorrow at 5 p.m.?
I NEED to see The Avengers. Soon.
Why the fuck did get rid of OS X support for MeetMeNow???
the easy answer is Newt should throw his support over to Santorum! We are looking at a brokered convention. Good for Obama!!!
yes, exactly. that is so spot on and completely what I meant. don't want me none o'dem babiez.
#TGIF Spokane!! Looking forward to high temps and blue skies this weekend!
Milk was a bad choice.
your making it tempting
Every day, I try to be grateful for something. Today, I'm grateful that is my friend.
GASP! Because I'm going and I heard you were going but I wasn't sure. YAY
Excited to work on accessories for the Matters of the Heart Gala for tomorrow!
since you're having a tweet fest right now can I please give you all highfives at ? Tweet contract?
DId you finish your homework? Study for test?
Terminal Union: what awesome dudes & great musicians! Thanks for having us, we had a blast. <3 Moriah
I wonder if the rat moved back underneath.
i love how my teacher is pointing out that the 80's style is coming back cuz of the teens clothing especially girls.
lol I honestly probably have
Peeta is my neighbor in real life!
Come watch and on YouNow<3 !! HURRY!!!!!
hahah. G.... its like im hearing myself xD ;') <33
I got Jack Bauer, Mike Tyson & Iron Man
"laughing my but off
"I think the Transportation Bill will pass this week." - news for Americas infrastructure and workforce.
well you are saying you not trying to, but YOU ARE
Hate being sick, but i plan on getting better TODAY
At UC Regents Mtg: heavy security. Yudof--we're all in this together, it's Sacto's fault.
hey D look who is finally on twitter ~~~>
Putting on my Casting Director hat tomorrow! We still need o recast the last role!
Follow me on instagram for a follow back..
Sitting in the overcrowded lib next to a guy wearing dirty, smelly socks. I hate the last half of a semester.
To watch the game on NHL Network with HNIC or the Sabres feed. Decisions...
sweet find!
I'm your 100th follower! Stick that in your pipe n smoke it :)
check the legislation for the school and hold them accountable
don't sell yourself short, kiddo! ;)
Will we ever get Andy Dirks out?
Tell Friends and Fam to follow me on Twitter and on Facecbook. Thank you all! www.facebook.com/calisadroitprospect
That doesn't escape me. But his victory last time rested not only on moderates, but conservative minorities.
Good day...
Tonight Peter Linneman is speaking to a crowd of Baltimore's #commercial #real estate professionals here at the Merrick School.
haha your welcome!!!
It's been amazing!
Can't wait for dodgeball Tourny 2marrow Just can't wait!!!
We are running a HUGE 24-hr special just for the bridal show today - come see us at the Brookfield Sheraton to see what it's all about!!
Tomorrow Orientation Day..!This only concerns the new student at Harriet Fulbright College..
Razorbacks might have just lost their catcher.
Time to go home.. Super excited to see my family tonight. I hope I get some rad birthday gifts.
It's literally been flying into windows all morning. So yeah, probably.
Value the people who value u the most and forget the people who dont care about u they're not worth habing u
I'm n that idgaf mood so excuse me if I seem disinterested
Had the realist conversation about #TrayvonMartin at my barbershop.
"The Optimist claims to live in the best of all possible worlds;and the pessimist fears this is true" --James B.Cabell,The Silver Stallion
3 people had JT and flop came A J T. Unreal, I have never seen that.
Oh, hell. Here we go again. --Harry Gant, Stroker Ace.
As usual, a fight ruins a good night.
FIRST I WAS AFRAID. I WAS PETREFIED. KEPT THINKING THAT I COULD NEVER LIVE WITHOUT YOU BY MY SIDE
What is it?
Real Madrid uses Facebook to test content -photos, etc. - before using it in big campaigns. Helpful to see initial fan responses
Blue Bloods is the best show
Happy New Years from Max Muscle ABQ! Come in today for BUY ONE, GET ONE FREE, any item in the store! Today only, and only at Max Muscle ABQ
Come on heat
Hardly worth a bullet in the back RT : ABC News reports autopsy found Trayvon Martin had the drug THC in his system
#replacebandnameswithorgasm The Violent Orgasms
I cannot believe this is happening..
All is well in Orlando. Are you in south Florida now?
thanks. make good use of those 6 seconds...
thanks for the RT about the new book!
May your strength give us strength;May your faith give us faith; May your hope give us hope; May your love give us love.
yeea.. Mr. Party animal 😏
i need some ice cream.
RT : congrats on partnering with we love our awesome members!
Love, love, love From The Langham to the Norton Simon Museum, Old Pasadena and all the great dining, quite civilized :)
: No way! Pure Country was way worse.
After grading a few freshman extra credit papers I'm becoming more concerned about Marquette's admissions standards
it's steamy today, nonstop sun.
Just got finishing watching hell spawn season 1 about to watch season 2 later on.
An interview is not an opportunity to pour your heart out. Be brief, business-like and focus on key points. Focus on the job.
Ah I cannot deal with this. Yesterday was such a happy day and today is just blah. Oh how I wish I could erase what I saw today.
is gonna show y he is on a level the no #QB has ever been on im predicting 5 tds with 400+ yards qbr.130
Proud to announce a new level of geekery from our household last night: I got to play Minecraft with me!
ohk(: thnk you im gnna go check it out(:
back to song-writing today. Finishing up lyrics on a new track. I will play an un-plugged Ustream soon promise !
I think Deepak is correct, about leaving yourself an open space...I just fell through mine.
Heading back to #LosAngeles this morning after some productive meetings in
Thanks for the +K. Much appreciated
Just hoping for the #Brewers to wake up as a team and have a run like they did last August. what do you think?
Happy Wednesday Everyone!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 45
Eating a delicious dinner at the incredible Red Rooster in Harlem. Across from me is Isaac Mizrahi. No big deal.
ugh...can't wait to take an official vacation..until then, someone pour me a drink
Happy to announce Mon will be the debut of our new exec. chef Ben Lieberman (formerly at Burlap). Welcome to the family Ben!
i hope that they interview kobe
by media lists do you mean stalking SHAQ?
Make sure to keep us on your radar for the NFL season ....we will be giving away great weekly prizes.
I love benadryl. Couldn't live without it.
Energy connecting with energy.
now that's a writing session!
": Thanks for the support. Wait till you hear my new music tho. #straightcrack" can't wait mydude!
Don't even know what it stands for
Dear the next 2-3 years, Please hurry your ass up and get here! I want my babe!! Sincerely, amber
Yup. Sounds pretty perfect.
The second half of nicki minaj's album is good, first half not so much.
What are the bulls fans gone do now that d rose is out
I am here for your workshop but can't find anyone!
Watching Fox News at hotel in Denver- SO boring compared to ! are the best!
VERYY NICE :D
I swear bad weather makes everyone else in a bad mood.
OMG! Can't wait for the release of Photoshop CS6 Extended...the 3D effects are pretty sweet.
Raise awareness for a phony campaign to raise money for a floundering non-profit? Good idea. NOT
oops...my bad, meant to say, nice site and thanks for the follow.
Awesome! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
I'm sure if we dug deep enough we'd find out the Kochs own Domino's or something
Finally finished with districts
Bad day for the saints
I guess Ray Lewis' epic speech worked. #Stanford worked #Minnesota to win the NIT. So women, ball's in your court.
Charles, who the hell is Ko Brine?!? Enunciate!!
THIS IS OUR VENGENCE
Pretty sure the combo or drugs I took last night was what killed Health Ledger.That or it was all that BrokeBareback sex with
another justin bieber fun huh???
Buying about 20$ worth of merchandise(: #thatswhatsup!
Lol You Dumb Big Head
Irvine spotted at Trooper's. I'll check the paper. Just saw a tweet about Rest. week. I'll add Louee's to my "must try" list.
where's that party going down? I wanna go.
Apparently it's the 'in' thing to be a #Tommie at the EP
#IntlBeerDay : Aviator Belgian Trippel, Carolina Brewing Co IPA, and the Champagne of Beers.
omg I miss myspace lbvs I wish it never changed /:
Play me, I great at drawing ask
I give up on you. I cant believe I actually tought I had a chance.. Well Goodnight Beauties<3
Always there with you and for you!
Questions about travel to Thailand? Questions about volunteering abroad? We're online for the next hour to answer! Just ask!
An hour to kick off and I have plays posted from 130 cappers so far with 4 consensus from thier plays and more to come..Off a 1-0 Friday
it was good seeing you too bro! You tore it up Friday night! Let's definitely talk business soon. Big things my man, big things!
Yea id keep hagelin on the 1st line to with 3 turnovers in the 1st period too
haha! I'm so happy it's cold and I can use my sparkly mug ;)
Thanks for noticing our local produce. And even more thanks for telling your friends!
Just got notice that us comin to KC in Feb. Can't wait! Tix on sale Friday!
To President Obama ... good for you for finally supporting gay marriage!! It was probably political suicide, but it's a noble position!!
Smith proposes #CTSA community agree on small set of ontologies endorsed (w/o or with reservations), identify developing & needed onts
Did you know? Blank journals used to be called "commonplace books." - of at
Happy Administrative Professionals Day! Who are you thanking today?
I don't think Santorum realizes that winning each argument is not the same as winning the debate.
It's Happy Hour! I'm playing some Woody Guthrie, come on in!
stupid, stupid cold.
I swear I will completely forget why I was mad an hour later
Can I find it online at 's website? McGinn has KZ going No. 21 to the Bengals in his mock draft. No Konz in first.
Dear Unfollowers i dont like you.
You don't have to film Q&A, we love hearing ANYTHING you have to say, to be quite honest (:
for the definition of Ni**a/Ni**er 1st in italicized letters "negro" then it says any member
Check out our Digital Blue Ribbon App for iPhones and Androids. You can change a life through the power of acknowledgement.
Is it just me or is 2012 starting to look like the year of Amazon?
it can't be as bad as me -.- why isn't merm sick?!
Let's go nuggets!
Jeez I need a new computer.
We got our SXSW app in yesterday!
I want some orange juice
You're young! Where are you from?
good show today I'm an addict. One day I'll be on NCIS. it's what I do in feel life. I think I'd be pretty good
yeah.. it just seems like an easy word to pronounce. darn lisps
Teaching marathon today at Hanson Music Studios. We are extremely proud of our students. We love what we do. www.hansonmusicstudios.com.
too many come backs, not enough time. No pun intended.
I do love my iPad - great apps for marketing and design..
Take it a step further...this type of #depression in men can also lead to #violence, domestic violence, child abuse, etc.
What ya got for us? RT : Hart worse then Weeks right now At least Weeks walks & makes his at bats worth while b4 striking out
I'll give my all to you. I promise I will never lie to you boy.
Aye. Just a finger for Afellay. Pull it back, tape it up and let the boy play.
Riding my scooter with a WBEZ knapsack, I feel like a cliche. It could be worse: I could have a tote bag, I suppose.
got some sparklers and poppers, getting ready to celebrate independence at Dogwood Dell!
Well here we go off to breakfast, then work!!!!! :)
yo what's good. U familiar with FOKUS? We had an event at Scratch last week.
rachet boy hey
I'd feel like I felt after I had to watch Black Swan...angry, ripped off, disappointed and confused
Girls + Colored Skinny jeans. >
I'm so excited its that! The Zulu Ball
About to head to the gym for an afternoon workout. Looking forward to having some fun!
#mydumbinjury Sprained My Ankle Going for a wide open Layup!
I heart Dallas and will miss it very much. No more jogging on the Katy trail =( No more hanging out at Starbucks in Uptown.
Ha. Wish I could have helped up the quota. Good to ski with you up there.
#iGetUpsetWhen Our country is going down the drain and Washington DC is doing nothing...
We will be at the rutledge tonight for the music city metal awards. Looking forward to hanging with our buddies.
nutty bars, nutty bars and nutty bars
we are using Jinghua. Is that what you use?
I'm so excited! AND I JUST CAN'T HIDE IT!!!!
My wife said Lacee stutters because she wears those teeth straighteners.. right....
appreciate the share. We think you'll enjoy what we have to offer.
A question I hear 10 times a day at work: "sup, do y'all got dem beats?"
Guess I'll go back to slee
About to see what kind of deals i can get at stadium gm in salem ohio
Not only that, but folks, we've got a logo and a whole new visual design about ready to roll.
Listening to these girls talk about how they would never even talk to a boy without money because they "have needs"...pathetic.
be sure to check out our Talk with Amy Benson today at 4:30 in room P-206! Co-sponsored with SCoSAA!
it was freaking ...its all your fault...his account was hacked first...
follow me please!! :)
All the clubs in Hollywood are really slow tonight, maybe everyone is burnt out after Lure's opening last night.
yep also he's not white
You should check it out! Beginner lessons are on Mon & Fri before the dances. It's a great time - & everyone was new once!
Ugh. Midnight stomach pain and feeling like I'm going to puke are the worst. Wtf.
i think people write best when they're happy but think they're writing best when they're sad.
swag swag swag on you
took the rest of the after noon off from work ; hopefully i feel ok by manana
Always have a diagnosis before you start treating the problem. Thoughts?
nah, we're a band from Texas. working on franchise tax mumbo jumbo for State of California right now...
And i'll be busy this saturday so.... ;)
Seems kind of Rube Goldbergy to me. But it works!
Just sent out a post - hope you find someone!
A 'Bama win tonight would make the September match up with even more exciting for the wolverine faithful...
Welcoming Jodie and Pete. THANKS for the L <3 VE
Josh is so cute:)
A strong core prevents back pain and improves your balance & posture. Try out some yoga to tone your midsection!
What kind of veggies do well in Vermont?
Happy Friday! ~ There has never been a better office communication system than the coffee break.
You were a total HPIC! Booty shaking with a bunch of fine men : )
#Wisconsin thanks you for your support of !
I think the Charlie Pride biopic would be more interesting in my book. RT : Lena Horne could be great
Heading to Chicago tomorrow! Counting the moments...whoo-hoo!
Try to keep busybusybusy.
I spin at Playhouse tonight!
Many are hesitant of the 12 steps and the "god" issue
Think that's true about any number of practical effects from the 80s and 90s. CGI generally has much shorter shelf life.
I speak my mind and I don't censor it ...
That version. My tears. It is so beautiful! :,) But it ends way too fast!
Cig butts, bottle caps, styrofoam and single-use plastic bags all have something in common: 15 min life, & plastic clogging our planet.
I love SMILE!
Great! We'd love to have you. Please email for info about meetings. Enjoy your day!
Did you know you can "check in" at most gyms that carry KoreFit? Try it next time you hit the gym using #FourSquare! Leave us a tip too!
Great seeing you and T. last night--I told her the story of how your phone was the first smartphone I ever saw, circa '01.
like our chances better with Vargas. but League has got to get untracked
Looked this morning and saw that we were #25 on the LA/OC charts for blues. WE"RE ON THE FRONT PAGE!!!! Thanks for everyones support. ...
implus soccer shoes
1 FUCKING MINUTE! SERIOUSLY STOKED! :D
Don't judge me, you can't handle half of what I've dealed with.
If she takes the eoc she too young for you bro ;D
Meanwhile, what to eat hmm
RT : As much as we need a prosperous economy, we also need a prosperity of kindness and decency-–Caroline Kennedy
Talkin' Drake women's basketball. It must be a slow night. (:
thanks dear!
If you're going to do chew on the bus, fucking do it right. God damn.
Yeah! Haha! How are you? :]
#ItsCrazyHow She always got something to say about me but I don't know her -_-
Thanks so much, Scott! Appreciate your insights... Enjoy your weekend!
i'm sorry Penn got fired D is pretty but wtf Penn was doll good looking forward to Howard tomorrow am Rt back?
Thanks! RT:“: Happy (early) Mother's Day!”
Why the hell are we fighting about damn cats.
I'm pretty sure I never even got one!
SO, the food truck is Chef Robert's...He's in from Hollywood for the #tomcruise movie.
Yeah...lights still out.
why can't you?
Listening to Rick James super freak
Selena's first tweet was sent on March 8th 2009 at 8:24PM and her first username was
'I'm not like most guys.'-most guys.
Thank you u r quite an amazing woman.
I felt so hard in the #USMC oooraahh RT : I respect whoever allowed women into the military. Girl on period + gun = unstoppable.
I am the calculator. You are the number.
Motorola Photon Q 4G LTE heading to Sprint? - IntoMobile
what's dude number again
Listening to people laugh in another room is one of the things that tortures me the most.
is signaling his intention to turn, turn, turn.
Was a great talk last night at Tampa. Really appreciate you coming down. Scary apps!
whats up man! Enjoy watching you play. Was great working w. you at Athletes Performance.
welcome! hope you had a great day.(:
Join us tonight to watch a performance by Scrambled Eggs, Maybe Scrambled but Never Broken. Details on www.namisandiego.org
quick session 
What's this about and who is this?
Addy winning entries from Wayne Calabrese, Julie Garland Clemeni, and our buds at the
all this to keep your fire cert active?
“: Q5/Q6 I also want to know if their idea of what the job is matches what they wrote in the ad. (Often, no.) #libchat” true!
How about a breakfast sandwich for 25% off? Sounds good doesn't it? Show us this status or tweet now through Saturday to take advantage
Hahaha if your lifes a movie then your my favorite movie ;]
- Isn't it though? Love it.
Even on mothers day, kenwood is packed. Yuck.
did you receive our MSG?
Would love to hear your perspective on the Wall Street Front line, if that's where you are?
Had a school project and I put , , and Alex in it ;D
I have a nice time texting you .
very nice
show me the light
Psalm 10:18 "defending the fatherless and the oppressed, in order that man, who is of the earth, may terrify no more.
each ship or unit has their own definition of deployment and length of time. Just because smaller boats can't go out as long...
If they matter to you, don't make excuses...make time for them. No accomplishment can comfort you like the people that love you.
A BIG CONGRATULATIONS to Paul Johnson, Betty Barrett, and Megan Titus!
The time suck that #drawsomething has become...is so worth it! Best game ever!
We are walking for children's hunger and fetal strokes. Rain hasn't started...yet.
Searching for the reserve of energy that is going to get me through next week.
Can't wait to text my bf in the morning (;
My catholic high school just sent me an email for my birthday and called February, my "feast month." that means I eat everything in sight.
Thoughts about this whole Kayne West/ Taylor Swift controversy?
That's
Lol, nobody's gon ever question his talent, just his heart and will to win
My Dude! DL'ing Now...
They're always sorry in the end. Lesson: Cherish me while you have me.
To provoke laughter without joining in it greatly heightens the effect
Its #acceptable and #cute when #babies #fart...how come not when old people do it? Hahahaha
lol, where u been at? u missed one good ass party
:-) RT : If a middle finger is fuck, and a thumbs up is yea, a middle finger with your thumb out is fuck yeah....
- Thanks, Mike! Hope you had a good trip back, great to see you at the close this week!
3 hours is too long. We can provide an oil change service in usually 20 minutes and the State Inspection in 10-15 minutes.
four drawings. one study. four coats of underpainting and sanding. hours of deliberating. okay, adam: time to take a swing.
...but being left with the feeling that parents need to buy a pile of stuff is painful.
hey awesome! Where?!?
Enjoying the tablets in libraries presentation from
And re : "He can make sentences crackle with an intensity and humor not seen since David Foster Wallace..."
Excited for the beyond Facebook and Twitter panel lead by
its just Thursday
Envious of Smash Mouth's film royalties and wracked with self-hate by their own inability to have 1 original hit, Alien Ant Farm lashes out
