I'm bored like 4real
He Arose! He Arose! HALELUJAH, CHRIST AROSE! Thank you, Lord Jesus!
Chuck correcting Shaq! Gotta love it. When Shaq tries to look smart, he just looks stupid.
the link doesn't work
The ladies went to a concert. And when H-Town hit the stage OMG! but When Dru-Hill Hit the stage the ladies were literally on the stage.
Need to hire Claims Adjusters? What kind? We've found them all! 513 899 9628
Georgia is on my mind. She's so fine.
WOLA participated in Bojaya comemoration in Bogta but the diplomatic corps, UN and high level officials of Santos gov did not
lmfao puss ur a ship jumper that's all I wanted u to say and u did oh and no bitch In me this way homie
how long does your season last with the playoffs? Would love to have you at the Cougar Legends event in June
what destroys a #sales rock star? one thing and one thing only: HUBRIS.
Rangers should stick with youth and forget Brad Richards.
" =] I can only imagine the pictures yall are looking at!They were definitely good times!#missyall"
More Albert Brooks' stellar performance
apparently, this is birdland
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
It was
Wow now the Clippers deal fell apart too lmao..
From my (limited) research, it appears legit. I'm sending one to my son (USAF).
oh that sounds so good!
that's actually a pretty good one. there's a nationwide welder shortage! more lucrative/harder: machinists
It’s Follow Friday!
If they know what's good
dinner was fabulous! thanks for the margarita ;)
Help trend
go check it out in facebook
About to smash a WOD for the second time today. A different one, of course. Does anyone out there feel my pain?!
What is the "sparkle" weather symbol? Snow? Rain? Stars? Confetti?
good defense Memphis****
thanks Jason!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 26
Check yourself before you wreck yourself..
always looking good
Another song you don't want to hear in jail: "Because love won't let me wait" oh (in my Luther Vandross voice!)Lol!
i have so much i need to do today and all i wanna do is lay around, guess i'll do that tomorrow
let's see it!
My favorite comment about #xfest today, "You had me at Jane's Addiction."
Good things come to those who wait....
what's the score?
hit the booty do = pops "bang,bang,bang)
I know right :)! <3333 I rock at while doing my homework
Delia Bey is using My ArtNotStuff facebook application enjoy
Ayyyyyy I'm @ MVP were da hood at fuck a side 210 n forever bitch
The suns score? I knowww right!! But still #GoSuns RT : Oh, for the love of all that is good and holy! >_<
Looking for extra #savings. Use promo code #231031 to get $25 any 9 West frame purchase from now until October 31st. Some restrictions
It's morandi tonight for dinner.
honey you need all the advise you can get
2 tics available to Cowboy Mouth/Candlebox tonight in San Antonio at Backstage Live. DM me if you want them.
oh are they connected accounts
And a lot of white cotton gloves. Where the hell did all these come from? I use white cotton gloves approximately never.
Every living situation I had planned and backed up in the Portland area just went down hill.
Alas, some formerly good publishers (univ. presses) stopped copyediting books. Terrible. Look a book in the eye & ask: where is the quality?
cisco works
40th Anniversary week of "The Godfather" got to watch at least one.... AMC is showing it all week. Enjoy.
Thank YOU!
thx for following edu_marketing! This acct is curated by Digital Pulp. a leading digital agency in the .edu category.
Haha, I just pulled coworkers into my office to watch the video of the Feinger. That song was... memorable.
Picking up Mountain Biking and need help on Bike brands etc. I'm all ears...
I have arrived at #dthr - looking forward to hearing
Going to try a 3-mile walk today.
Oi Doris! Miss you guys..went home 2 MIA for a few weeks, now back to work on show! Beijos e lembrancas para todas do grupo, :D
Kinda dreading the vegetarian thing right now.... These beans are taking way too long to cook.... Starving!! smh
Having a hard time sleeping. Amped over the #TweetUpBash with
WE GOIN MASS ST.
happy b day apple head
Just had my audition for drill team!! Cross your fingers for me! Thank yall! <3
Finally getting around to watching Band of Brothers. I love Netflix.
nice! Sanchez should win
how u been and when is ur birthday ?
Third trip to the doctor this week. This time for me. Hopefully third times a charm and the rest of the fam stays healthy.
When no one believes in me I have my mother that always remind me to keep going so BLESSED 🙏🙌 on that note Gn 😘
CNBC uses a muzak version of the Replacement's Alex Chilton for their bumper this AM on Squawk on the Street. Everything is mainstream...
This! RT: lunch w/featured speaker "#Education matters. A lot. Perhaps more than anything else."
So proud of my hubby! He is on the board of the San Diego Symphony and he is doing great things for the Symphony!
one friend....that's all i want, & that's all i need. i can't stand my "friends" at chap. i'm sorry....only one of em is actually real.
I had to Google those..oh my!
Twitter I need to take a shower... stop distracting me!!! >.<
name the time man...then hit up for some brews
f this place lol
just got out of work. bad idea to drink a red bull around midnight
because its a man!
no. i have never talked to you before.
Any #Phillies updates for me??
Thanks for the mention, friends! Have a wonderful week :)
Tattoos = sex
Block granting #Medicaid would strip New York nursing homes of *31 percent* of their funding! Stop ! Source: KFF
i just hate everything right now.
wait can someone explain to me whats up with and ?
Thanks! RT Oh yeah and #shoutout to my cute new follower
Anna Brickhouse on "After English" panel: "There was a longue multilingual duree BEFORE English"
"Even through the darkest days, this fire burns always." Made famous by CM Punk's old music. Things will improve in time.
thought you were comparing the success new coke had to the new iPad...that's all
they are great!!! unless you burn them
S/O to welcome to the twitter world,long time no talk how u been, n the little one??
the payday loan store is not a bank, frank
Only 4 lbs away from my goal of losing 30 lbs! Here's hoping its all in the layer of fat covering my abs...
I hope your Record Store Day release is going to be available stateside.
I'm pretty sure your weekend being ruined doesn't ruin everyone else's! You need to be.
Follow our blog and join the discussion on transnational spaces of e-learning
how u hate me because im doing what im supposed to be doing?
Ima go on my account now bye!! -MB
they will prioritize ur music mind and sustain high quality tunes for ur drums
despise Apple earphones
I'm expected to have a productive summer with a Lil fun.. with pushing #Unlevel an #TheUsociety movement.
Thanks for the #FF Lori!!!
You may be dirty, dangerous, and sometimes even devastating, but I love you New York.
And dw if I meet him I'll tell him that Amara says hi.. Or try get some sorta signature outta him, and give him a
actually never watched Angel, so Buffy is a rewatch but Angel is new for me
haha real deal right here. I'll work on some more poses 🙆🙅💁
good... at the doctors and you?
Great program on #NPR 's #Forum today; SF history lessons ftw!
You went blonde? I HAVE to see. Plus, Uverse kicks ass.
Should be a great show. Are you going? We're really getting excited for the #helixedu launch. Packing now!
WARRIORS HAVE A SAFE AND HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!!!!
☼ Its all right letting yourself go as long as you can let yourself back. Mick Jagger
ya its fucking horrible
I got to attend Starlight a few yrs ago when my celebrity twin(ann hathaway) hosted! Have a great time - awesome cause!!
no doubt!
All my beef come with fries and a drink
what up bro
love how versatile this dress is! And I too love wearing Tshirts with knots!:-)
way to bring that up AFTER someone else already did. Stealing jokes? Good work Carlos Mencia.
Received my income tax $$ today and pay week?! Yep, Vegas fund is looking real good about now, thank you Lord! <3 : )
Karma comes just maybe not from the person you hurt.
Happy Birthday to my lovely and super-talented dear friend xxoo D
“ “ God places people in your life for a reason, sometimes he removes them out of your life for a better reason.””
THE SEC is 1-0 in Bowl Games this year WOO PIG SOOIE!
Did I just miss something?
The blue-green color of teal is named for the Common Teal, or Eurasian Teal, a breed of duck, which is the smallest “dabbling” duck.
Last night was fun! was amazing it was great getting to play with them! And a big thank you Sean for your help last night!
Taking a tour of downtown Waukesha with for
I'll finally admit it, I miss you
So. Freaking. Tired. But so, so happy. :)
better live than dead!
Maybe brewing your own beer over here at Copper Kettle while grabbing a brew at
DeLeo recommits to remaining atop the nation in health care access/quality but says Massachusetts should also lead in "efficiency."
grading through lunch? Of course! Laker game later so this will be done...
it's beeping and flashing
So the #nuggets r comin from a 3-1 deficit as well. Now the #lakeshow r leading again.
Look for us in Fells Point on Friday night and Canton on Saturday starting at 3:30pm! You know you want a ride...
Checking out and play some lax in Madison.
yes please right now! Never got to those long islands...
Finally getting to wear shorts today to school :D
How about taking an Über to the police station early on a Saturday morning?
very very Cool show. No! Wait! It is very VegasKool.
how about you meet me in Roma?! I'm ready for the second leg of this getaway. Bring mini Oreos.
I never thought I'd say this, but more caffeine may not be the right answer...
whn i say i lo e u i mean it <3
Currently on HAL: Librarian from Egypt looking for advice on DSpace. [helpalibrarian.com]
#TheAgeofthePlatform bk by A must read in increasingly complex yet connected world, even if not "in" business +
So sleepy....
tweets are the best on twitter
Let past make u better, not bitter
im back babe
#MXpresidentialDebate Quadri: "it's impresive how the polititians keep mudslinging instead of talking about relevant proposals"
Finally got my tix to VB... Looking forward to a weekend of Beach Cruisers... Ocean... and Orange Crushes
What is conservatism? Is it not adherence to the old and tried, against the new and untried Abraham Lincoln
Thank you. Looking forward to having you in class next spring.
I took a step back ,let you go ,I told you I'm not bullet proof,now u know.-Taylor Swift❤
Contact me @ re: Financial Systems Analyst or Sr. Businness Analyst positions
Thanksgiving break!!!
that's music to my ears!
Someone hook me up with info for that secret Black Keys show
You may know more than me, but that does not mean that I do not know how to use the information I have equally well.
Happy Hour at 5! Professional Development Panel Discussion at 6:30! You'll be at both, yeah?
party this friday fayetteville, nc party next fri columbia, sc hmu 4 details
Mark Casto will be preaching at United Christian Church Cleveland TN tonight at 7pm www.uccma.net don't miss it. Ustream live
RT : RT : if u had to watch & digest maddow wouldn't u be happy
I hate tables!!!
hahaha no, I live in wrigleyville you don't have to worry much about that.
Show the audience a complete picture of what they are getting during your close.
Movie night watching 50/50. Nothing like some cancer + Seth Rogan to get you laughing and crying at the same time!
busy with reference questions this morning. Great start so far.
so we're like 2,000 in line.....
get involved in state organization
Hello followers of Classic Rewind! Have you received any invites to our Events???
Also, as much as we all like Johnny Holliday, he's a botch machine tonight.
Only a 20 minute wait to get in to Will buy a weeks supply.
I know
Then maybe Alex can chop off his tail, remember being ridiculed by his peers and and turn mean just like DeJesus.
I don't know if I can stomach the Bulls today.
What up world
Listen to right now and chill with us and :) Reminding you about events coming up and awkward news!
instincts, i hate that you're right. all the time.
Hi Thanks for the follow. I will stroll over soon from the East Village to quench my thirst!
I wish would come run with me #lazyass 😜
what you up to?
thankfully that snowstorm is over!!! wow
Lol ok sound good what r we eating hahaha RT
The way Bobby V was running his mouth in spring training makes this win even better.
Your So Cute!(: You Look Like My Kitty!(:<3
I feel like kooln on Pluto w/my nigga 
Yeah. No disagreement there.
My 10 y/o went on a field trip today. Asked me to put music on her iPod. Right about now she's probably "Rockin' the Paradise."
Dramatically singing a song to your bestfriend. "ISNT SHE LOVEEELYYYY"
My bad, just realized he's not my first celebrity follower! He's number two! was the first! But I still have love for him!
what's the average b2b transaction size?
That's the real sad part. But I think what's even worse is some of them do know and they just don't care. :( R.I.P. Kenzie
You just made fun of someone with a walking disability. Man, you're so cool.
Sometimes! They catch em', shoot em', and sell em'. I love the show. It makes me want to go out and shoot a gator!
Sperry's are pretty great. I missed mine over the winter.
USGS in Reston Va closing its maps store Last chance 4 their stock of way cool geologic quads&oversize maps-25% off
I am who I am, and I love that about me, if you don't I really couldn't care less! Your approval, isn't needed in this situation
Super 8 is intense!!!
Coming soon from Ft. n "With You" video shoot. Just got word early June
today is going to be a long day
Happy 15th Birthday to my inspiration. I love you <3
#ShoutOutTo90sKids who use to play tetherball.
Thanks for the follow
I thought I was done with dead kittens :(
So. Where the hell was "3-3 with 3HR Adrian" in game 1? Screw you too. If I could hit you with a pitch, I would.
Try the Kindle App from Amazon. Better still buy a Kindle which you can read in bright sun, unlke the IPad.
In case you could build a business up large enough, it is respectable.
: I "LIKE" your FB page today! You are my kind of girlfriend. ENJOY!!
here and partake of the meal, and dip your morsel in the vinegar.” So she sat down beside the reapers. He handed her roasted #Torah 42/99
Annnndd I'm done for the night.
Hello March!!!!! Wow, you're already here!
Hahaha! Then definitely don't remember my Moscow HS team practicing at the Kibbie Dome in 99-00 season.
Thanks! Great to see you here. Great journalism means we never stop learning.
you guys here?
Happy birthday ;)
Mild bluegrass allergy MT Are you going to this Sat, 1-8 pm? If not, better have a good excuse.
Definitely supplementing my notes here right now.
Omg! Im so freaked out right now!
our school is stupid...and i told my mom about the threats today and she said ok!? ~Devin.Anne<3
Yakoke, , , , and especially my favorite twitter feed,--I heart y'all.--
ITS FRIDAY! What are your doing with your weekend?
I'm so happy to have this job, but I do miss going to the library and stalking you :)
Is packing her suitcase for San Fran tomorrow!! We!
“When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace." -Jimi Hendrix
Must head out for main campus - have a great Friday all
Her CLASS dwarfs Rick and the Bat~Sh-t Crazy bunch.
You can't be against marriage equality for religious beliefs and admit you yourself have not read the Bible. Disappointed, Manny Pacquiao.
At least you had the experience. It must have been a special love to hurt so bad. Hang in there.
yessir. a series of organized pitches placed in unique rhythms spewed from the devil's gut fotl style in NYC.
wtf mate-why is it that i always have the rare side effect from meds-starting to question if my parents really spaced out my vx as a child
Md vs Notre Dame for a trip to the Final Four.
Merry X-Mas to you too!
Praise him in advance!
To know that Jacobs going to finish vocals on our EP that was supposed to be finished last May is awesome news!
bun with egg rolls!
3 New Tracks Up More Comming Soon! ZoeBeats.Com Hit It Up! Leases $10 At The Momment Wont Last Long!
holy active on twitter!
RT : There are 9,500 registered this year in #Cannes2012 meaning 9% increase since last. +1900 Buyers. via
Playing airsoft with some of the guys from the student ministry tonight.
I am preparing to lead a 4 wk discussion on Humility. I need feedback on Characteristics, People, Stories and Videos on Humility.
Nailed it. :)
Just 12 days away from LIVEWIRES. Hope to see you all there.
Except that someone was 5-11 last year
Chris Bosh is one ugly mother fucker but his new baby is ADORABLE
Holy mother of baby Jeebus! I worked with PowerPoint for almost eight solid hours today. My brain is mush! Worst. Program. EVER!
is gorgeous!
I love you.
It's always nice getting dry humped by anxiety til 2:30am when your alarm is set for 4:30am. First morning show in 3 hours
My birthday too! RT: mind-blowing: Danny Hultzen and Jesus Montero the M's battery of the future were each born on Nov. 28, 1989
*recognition dawning* Oh, I know you. You're the caveman...but. You've brushed your hair. That wasn't very nice.
thinks my niece Julie sang like an angel. She likes to go against type. The other kids sang well, too
I have no idea
Wrong link
Three more days here.
Happy Mother's Day!!!
I accidentally slept 8 hours. Why do I feel awful?
Applicants for the Nov 1 2011 deadline: you should have received notice by this point. Congrats to all those approved!
HA! I just told my husband, of all the things that should hurt, MY SHOULDERS hurt the most. WTF?! Great job out there!
#WhyDoIAlways get so jealous and protective over you, when you're not even mine.
right , good to know some people understand
RT : RT : Why waste everybody's time 'racing for a cure' when is on the job?...
cause I love you. Reply me on msn
Feel like watching oooldd disney movies. Im talking before pixar.
Old Navy has fake Sorel boots. It was strange.
Amen! Love Pinterest! RT #Pinterest driving traffic for retailers/serving as a severe distraction for moi on.mash.to/yb333A
Yep, it will be free. You'll need to subscribe to the new #awesomeness channel, which will be our carrier to get notified.
Thanks for your support Connie! How's Biz going?? How can we help you?
Damn, they gun free lil boosie mayne, trill -__- after he serves his sentence that is.
“: I just want a fan right now” Meagan's Number 1!!
yes please!
new divalicious playlist in the works. This time: lots of funk and Janet Jackson. Get ready!!
Follow Back Please(:
up early workin in the lab f**k black Friday I got another plan
Happy birthday?
thanks Emma!! Miss you girlie.
The one time I'm driving around and near she not even home hahah
Get out & vote tomorrow! Be sure to listen to Casey and Jackie on your way from the polls to work on 95.3 FM at 8:10am!!
Looking forward to some of your photos from the show!
You're rocking everybody's world this year. :) HAPPY 2012 TO MAHOMIES! congrats. We love you so much! <3 ❤❤❤❤❤❤
#Rockies take out Fowler, move Colvin to center, Pacheo at 1st. Fowler hit in face at 2nd base in Rox 4th.
I totally just got schooled by my mom in scramble with friends. I may be scarred for life.
hold on crotch mouth I'm eating dinner haha
will do
Apple needs to make longer chargers -___-
My teeth hurt stupid train tracks 😖
don't lie, you couldn't live without me kaitlyn
Thank you darlings!!
Student Section special on The Future of the BCS continues in the 5 PM hour with 's Gina Chappin and NIU Ath Dir Jeff Compher
Very busy day in the office today! What are you doing to unwind this weekend?
Headed to In-N-out Burger! Highlight of this work trip so far!
Whenever you're ready, we'll make the reservation for you! Let Elana know. You're the best!
Family Guy is funnier than I give it credit for.
forever jealous. Haha. I wish I didn't have to work):
great!!, I would like to know the members of Distubed, but I think I better resign hahahahaha
bring Crayons
If you do it, share how it turned out. I have one of those (great camera!) and have been thinking abt rooting it.
Monday #Marketing Tip: Have a happy customer? Don't be shy -- request a customer review online!
Tonight! Grimoon from Italy with locals Unique Massive! At The Bunkhouse 21+ 10pm $5
=) RT What do u mean pretty, pretty pretty good? Its FANTASTIC! Have been travelin. You'll see me again soon :-)
If you could have written any book, what book would you like to have written?
kendrak: Disclosure: I got horribly behind on the owls because of #sla2010 and conference crud. I'll be caught up this weekend.
#NewGirlFinale I love this show!!(:
On page 80 of "Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man" .. the book is good, I feel like #steveharvey is making excuses for men but, good stuff!
Can you please FOLLOW ME? Big fan!!
Gorgeous night up here at the Russian River.
I think when you have a 12 hour day at work, the next day should be pajama day.
Without energy-efficient window treatments, as much as 50% of a home's heating and cooling energy can be lost through its windows.
When life pushes you to your knees, your in the perfect position to pray.
there is no way Michigan will be playing Houston in the Sugar Bowl and Wisconsin is in the Capital One Bowl.
Get your mani-pedi at Nails By Tracy for over 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!
http:// www.policemountainbiketraining.com
#istoppedbelievinginSantawhen he left me a big pile of COAL!!!
Currently lol-ing bc I just read the convo BT and her twitter crush.
RT : . Yes. Play in the Park is supervised. We have 26 locations across the City. Find them at www.okc.gov/parks
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
Just saw a huge meteor shoot across the sky. That... was... AWESOME!!
Ugh its monday btw #GM tweethearts!
watched your fb video on running, very helpful! I think it's awesome how you give back and try to lift people up!
#coffee Hello Coffee drinker(s), when was the last time your fav brand paid you for drinking or referring their coffee? Well mine does!
well this is his fan page .... :) so its kinda my job :)
Database not working...
I wish I was a part owner of the taylor franchise
You're pretty much set with what you have. Hughes', "I, Too, Sing America" is a fav. Claude McKay is one to check out, too.
Eating some legit fat pattys with
I'm all about letting those folks jump right on off.
I lasted for 3 min on FB. Pretty sure Google+ is where I am staying.
Sunday we should discuss this end of the world shit!
About to get shouty over beer tweets.
I might start crying. Aaron Rogers is my hero.
Just got snapped of by A8 off on an A K Q J board river bet...WTF? No chance of winning $150k with players like this in the field!
I love you too
GREAT OPENING I CAN'T GET THIS SMILE OF MY FACE!!!!
Good morning everyone in the twitterverse! Rise and shine w/God's blessings!
I don't need a parade... But I could go for a couple appletinis lmfao
Wooohooo! I'm so happy for you guys! Can't wait to party! Oh and #GoPackGo :)
ridin till the wheels fall off
Way to go Tex *eyes rolling*
We live in the richest country in the world w/ arguably the best & most diverse agricultural land.
time well spent with the love of ur life...priceless! gn ppl :)
Come one, come all! RT : 6pm Tomorrow @ Bucketworks - Pro Forms Presentation & Qdoba taco bar courtesy of ^JD
for what?
How doesn't a head butt warrant an in person hearing?
Hit us up bro! We have to get you your Official #BallSoHard Gear!!!
Looking forward to doing my presentation "Responsive Web Design: Philosophy, Technology, and You" at #wcmia in February!
Finished my book a few weeks ago. Release date still to come. And hopefully I'll be teaching at Howard University next year.
Working on a new song, today was by far one of the best in a long time!
Wa wa wee wa!!
Hello! Glad to meet another tshirt freak. We'll be sure to send you pics of samples of cool tshirts we make.
how amazing would it be if Action Bronson signed to Dr. Dre and Eminem
OMG! I don't know what to do with myself!!!
Haven't decided yet. But I know it'll be cute.
Really? Seems like 10
awesome interview piece!!
nice meeting you last night @ the dodgers game with !
I just wanted to thank all my new followers :-)
Or do you just enjoy Berman in the commercial? RT : I'm embarrassed to say I kind of like it too.
it pained me to see you guys out there tonight. #JETS for life.
I really dont want to go to a 3 hour class today. I'm not in the mood. -_-
Happy B-Day Saintly Wife. Regards to Nibbles too. RT Hey twitter, how about a birthday shout-out to Saintly Wife?
This is why I hate apartments. No jokes right now.
if ur caught with a tail, you will be executed on the spot
see u doing it BIG i WILL B in Da HOUSE thur-nite w/SNOOP
this post seemed inappropriate cuz i read it fast lol
Morning runs around Rock Creek Park and the DC monuments on a sunny day make me think DC is simply gorgeous
"you must give up the life you planned, in order to have the life that is waiting for you"
There are starving kids in Africa. Denny's has a "Kids Eat Free" promotion. Build a Denny's in Africa. Problem solved
I'm ready mother f--ker
follow me? please
I tell them to keep making dirting things about me it really turns me on.lol
We got one yesterday! I like it. I still have the Diane Arbus card from , btw, which reminds me of your connoisseurship.
It's Friday!
THE EROTIC CHALLENGE the Hottest Contest In .com 50k and a modeling contract at stake info
DJ comp!
I'm all about the short-term gratification, apparently. :P
I've had a stuffy nose for a week... #goawayalready! 😷
Doing what I love.
GIRL ILL BE THINKING ABOUT YOU WORLDWIDE WORLDWIDE WORLDWIDE.
yea lock that in, fade u this weekend fasho, hope they still good some good seats! Either way still gonna b
RT Happy international women's day. Don't forget gents. It's the little things. Put the toilet seat down after you pee.
We're gonna need a bigger wagon. RT police looking for a female with mental illness possibly at the W hotel
Axford should be good for about 4 innings tomorrow.
better to forcibly export the Banner mangler to Canada!
I need to leave right now
God damn mother truckers !!! No te metas con mi cucu !!!!
Just freaking out because Alex retweeted me. :) Haha what about you???
Spring is here in Milwaukee... Brewers Opening Day game today.
#WhyILoveCanada - Open minded, tolerant people, hockey and ; ) Hahaha!
that's totally what I had!
a yoo-hoo would good rite....its been a min since I had one
At home watching
Niggas on Halo Reach that get pist for everything. (X
as long as i get paid lol
Great effort tnite by #100%elite!!!!!!!!
must just be having an off day.
RT Want to advertise your #DFW event for free. DM or Reply us with the exact details you want tweeted!
Looking forward to next saturday !
Got misled by a guy with long hair and wraparound shades. Can't trust anybody these days.
Love this Calvin and Hobbes strip on Gocomics.com. undefined
I really like exercises 19b and 27. Keep doing more!
apologize in person
So...can ANYONE tell me if the groundhog saw its shadow yesterday?!?!?!
great fight can't wait for the others tonight!!
Had a surprise self-defense class this eve with a real master ninja. Who could've easily passed for 's brother.
My personal Twitter whipping boy () is back at it, cutting flights in Milwaukee like nobody's business.
follow us! We are the only Carrie & Lauren twitter.
. look who's reading the whole thing! I will fix it -- thanks!!
Just Checked Out 's Updated Website (www.TylerPerry.com) & I Must Say I'm Impressed! Looks Fresh #Madea!!
Dates for Chicago show coming soon..Brewcity takeova!! what up chi-town!!
Me too. Go Bellevue Residents! RT : #bdaevents w/ at for
same here so what u been up too buddy
If u major in COM FILM MEDIA JOR GSLIS PR or WR you're invited to a Listening Session with Prof Hobbs TONIGHT 4pm in the Alumni Center
lol me too its fun :D
Going to baseball game and then early fireworks. Boom.
Lecrae's Church Clothes is boutta go so hard!!!
"I can tell this organization is committed to winning" -Peyton Manning
Hey wow been a very long time :-)
been there with BARNEY! Most annoying song lol
little whipped dude in a cup says"call me interesting?....interesting."
Cotto got one good punch in -__-
Right back at you guys! :)
Bah! I forgot my leftovers in your trunk. I guess Mike gets lunch tomorrow too :)
my bad what wuz u posta say?
Contact us & become part of our new Mobile App launching very soon
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
Dont i know you ?
love #boyfriend video, cant wait for believe <3
Charles and Baltimore, which is somewhat outrageous.
About three chapters into The Hunger Games. Yeah, it's pretty good
": Focus on what's lies ahead and not what you've left behind." Preach girl...preach
May 17th Motéma Music releases: The Music of Randy Newman featuring Roseanna Vitro, Sara Caswell, Mark Soskin, Dean Johnson and Tim...
I'm right here love 😘
Footprints in the sand of time were not made by folks who stood still. --Unknown
We are located at 2826 Vine Street, 45219. Aka Short Vine two doors down from the firehouse. Hope you can stop by!
Sometimes I feel as if I'm the only level-headed one out of all my friends.
did you go to American Way?
Forced day off from the gym tomorrow night. Looks like a hard Friday, Saturday and Sunday are on my horizon.
You inspire many designers every season!
or is it exactly what he wanted? Quality music to the masses. Listening to Bon Iver whilst dying inside probably wasn't
Seamless simple on the spot presentations from files hosted in the cloud. RT : Interesting. Why?
looks familiar...
This week is going by so slow, lol
does anyone actually know if jelena is over because i heard like 5 different reasons why they broke up
today im so cynical (my horoscope told me so)
Hahahaha! Go #castle! You played the zombie very well, lol.
Pretty sure I get to see TWO times next month!!
Just finished the book, incredibly insightful on the inner workings of the business of Beckham, inner workings of the MLS.
Trying to create a todaysmeet.com page for group 5 - anyone have better luck?
Need a nap asap. Bout to sleep like a hungover baby.
PB definitely has some dumpster divers
tell me you were lying and your REAL favorite pizza is spicy chicken and roasted red peppers with basil
Welcome to MW, Eric. Sounds like a good morning with social media. Always time for the next (r)evolution.
Yeah, that last game shaved a few years off my life. I'll watch tonight for sure...after I tan.
we are excited to have you stay in Seattle. Nothing like hometown players!
I'm a Hobbit lover too. They're also filiming a film of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
Go Marty Brodeur F The NYR!!!
Omg, I have to stop going shopping :O #GirlObsession :)
wherever it is he should play till he wants and then he would be my head coach. I want him at jags better chance of starting
I defy you to watch that "Stronger" cancer patients video and not cry. And then feel so grateful for the health of your own children.
Congrats, guys! Can't wait to pick up some great shirts and ties on April 28.
When I make it to Hollywood, which actors do I want to work with? Well & of course, they awesome actors & pple!!
besides, in films the bad guys always use Dells.
#occupyla any news about the Japanese rail workers stopping a train for #occupyports ?
BREATHE DEEPLY
I've checked your blog out and you have a GREAT book, yourself!!
haha that sounds perfect
. will you talk abt gun violence while wooing NRA today? Tnks to yr strong record on gun control MA is safer for people & police.
GAGA u rock
(George Washington) It is much easier to avoid a disagreement than to remove discontents.
are and Lucy (your "tour wife") the same person? They sound the same and look the same in my head.
It was really my pleasure! As always, you ROCKED the house!! Well in this case, The Mile!!!
What kind of color do you want? Lighter or darker?
and stressful!
You might say, I'm a dreamer...but I'm not the only one ;)
My friends ask why I can't just walk away cause I'm addicted, to the pain, the stress, the drama, I guess I'm a mess
I'll text you.
I liked Kaplan's guide a lot. The extent of my GRE prep was reading the examples and practice tests in their book. YMMV.
De nada. Have a good one, chica!
thanks but i wont be around that wknd
you know I don't speak Spanish. In English please lol someone's frustrated though
If anyone is needing a last minute turkey day haircut, give us a call (773) 252 - 9522. Still a few appointments available!!
Folks have been talking about 's code on the comp.lang.fortran newsgroup all week.
where is this?
#fluentbus making party runs #SXSW all night including
Can you follow me? Plz. :)
The worst things in life come free to us.
I wish tomorrow could last forever
and this year we picked Nationals Park!!
Hitting up the #Alfresco webinar on integration with
I have 's TTYLXOX on repeat. It is an amazing song.
reminds me of phi sig Carolina cup :)
thanks my good man. Hope all is well with you!
"It's a beautiful day"
I'm quitting life if he's out for a significant amount of time
I am just smh to the fact that I am far mature than my parents and the fact that people think they know basketball.
catching up on dish nation,I so love this show....
We have no take backs in SBC! There's no other company giving aways houses, cars, and $300,000 cash. Lock in your position:...
If anytime in the future they develop a time machine, will anyone want to revisit these past 10 years?
I will sit and work, work, work on a scene for weeks. Then the answer comes to me when I'm doing something else.
OMG IM SO HAPPY 4 U YEAH!!!!!!!!! THANKS NICK!
Today we will be exploring what it means to turn the world upside down.
Why would you take out Tevez?!?!
If your dating a guy that has a lot going on don't wake up everyday asking him what he gotta do today #I.promise.you'll.run.him.off
This Saturday #Basia is coming to Chicago. Excited to see her live:)))
Another caution as gets loose and spins out - 69 to go-
Thor was good... Chris Hemsworth did a great job! Can't wait for The Avengers!
no problem! By the way, I'm I co own this with Kyle &
Thanks - that had me laugh out loud! In other news, it's also Brooke's 6th birthday today - big day indeed
Morning Rockstars! > In the hopes of reaching the moon men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet. - Albert Schweitzer
I'd be a silly ass news anchor.
The #MMOD iPhone app hasn't had a banner ad unit load on my home screen in 2 days. Revenue loss?
I think we just became best friends. :P
Obama is live on #CSPAN at Florida Atlantic University talking about the tax code.
I thought #theVoice was all about being real?
Fixing to watch the avengers. Hope its good
Yup! Which also helps keep up interest and participation in class - nobody likes to miss a joke.
I agree
Ok time to get ready for bed #TreatmentInTheAM #😞
is watching security escorting Liz Carroll's fan from the building.
watching Finding Your Roots with Henry Louis Gates. Powerful!!
looks like someone likes them young. x
Magazines really to make more articles and pictures of Like -___-
You play with fire your gonna get burnt, watch out for me...
Casey Abrams- cant believe you went home!!! Can't wait to hear your album
im so serious I think imma stay with one of my aunts like shit just went so down hill
Love is the word used to label the sexual excitement of the young, the habituation of the middle-aged, and the mutual dependence of the old
#Democrats keep complaining that the party isn't spending money to defeat #Walker... That's how a single-party system works.
Teaching my son to talk smack on Mario Kart
I love you too :D <3
I'm so jealous hahah.
I didn't get the invite!
There's only ONE place here in my entire house that I get Wi-Fi :'O *sits in this spot all day just to be on twitter*
Pretty sure made my week. What a great Monday. Oh and it wouldn't be complete without !!
Yall remember that look celie had on her face when she saw her children for the first time . . .
This Sunday I found out that good friend has diabetes. He was in great shape just three months ago.
Anagram: W.O.W!!
omg which one!
Thank you to those following along via live webcast! Keep the great feedback coming.
Playin' the geetar fiddle! Lots of new songs to perfect before we start playing again next month!
hope u didn't buy them. Hope they were left to you in a will where someone didn't like you.
Last minute bracket number crunching from yours truly: In last 5 years, total elite 8 seeds avg: (22). Final 4: (11).
U still owe me a shot for shot and something else:) dm me
Monday has started well. Welcome
Hey everyone check out all the great deals on www.todaysfavoritetoys.com, toys and games for children at any age!
Tired af. Nap time after work will definitely be happening.
I thought it was cute! ;5
Matt and Kim:
Hi ladies!
“: I'm not sure how people can like Chelsea Grin. The vocalist sounds like a pissed off pterodactyl.” >:l
"In this is love, not that we loved God, but that He loved us and sent His Son to be the propitiation for our sins." 1 John 4:10
A year ago today I graduated high school
She says, #k!
"Can Do Bad All By Myself" Your Art Work Sucks, I need someone who knows how to tag garages with raw shit SON!
Wishing you all a safe and happy New Year. May all of your resolutions be successful!
The Town Car’s future is in jeopardy after 2010
Good,good,...makin moves
Excited about the start of my Elite Hoops Training Academy at the Inspire Courts. Good avenue to teach the game & give back!
Found out someone I've never officially met said they knew me well in a conversation last week. Ha, I've made it big now right?
you are awfully quiet. Sleeping? Haha
We will be open regular hours during #USFPoly Spring Break, just so you know you can come study here at the
Rules of killing spiders: always wear your boots to do so. Even in pajamas. I DO NOT want that fool crawling up my leg.
#MyWorstFears i don't have any
Happy National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy. Talk to the teens in your life about why it's better to wait.
yeah these bitches gotta finish a EP!
If Jesus left all of heaven to become one of us, shouldn't we at least be willing to leave out circle of friends to reach out to someone?
Fastest High Quality Overnight Printing in NYC at NYC Printing 123. Call now for more information at 646.833.8085 or click...
These fees are hilarious! Hahahaha!!!!
": i can help you with that. i wont even make you pay <3"awh, you're such a great friend<3
oh she bad.
with or without a text on ur pic u look hot :)
lol. Really?? What's ur favorite chocolate snack?
Who is the funniest? MARTIN LAWRENCE OR EDDIE MURPHIE
Was it attack of the stache because i can't sleep right now as well lol
#mmaf2011 amazing speakers, agree on so many points on measuring #mobile in real-time
damn that's cold blooded,your just going to leave out the ugly mothers :-(
When you have problems operating technology... ask your 5 year old grandson.
Post-production is about patience... It's always a nice therapy session for me...someone who doesn't have much of it ;)
Got a PSVita. Wow.
I sort of feel like listening to "Rehab" would just be rubbing it in.
Loving my ! I love you guys ! Your music has been such an inspiration !
you must have been goin hard in there! i hope you get a ticket, can't have you missing an important game
ive got a full pack. :)
RT : BaseCamp sounds cooler. Lean-To sounds like some crappy thing in the woods // That's one way to look at it!
Banged up from kissing the floor at work Thursday but otherwise good.
in proper context Frank I said right now. Just pull up their stats
And the countdown begins!
stupid stinky poopie
Just rubbed a huge spot of hair dye into my carpet.
UPDATE: Today's Nate Silver lecture will now start at 5:30 Apologies for the change.
raffle call! Hope I win! If ya weren't here, ya missed out. If u care, Donate or !!
Try listening to The Fray and not fall asleep. Seriously. I dare you
I don't understand how dudes can get raped...
are you going to NM party on Thursday!
Very much a pleasure meeting tonight at and hearing about his strategic escapades. Quite inspiring. Thanks!
what's crackin ? havent seen u in a minute
dude you're awesome!! thanks for posting my video so people can see it!! :D
Be nice to people and they'll usually be nice to you.
LOL. Not true. I learned more from youtube than him.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou <---- b/c you sure haven't been #honest to me ...
Tell yr bros in House Approp to let vote go forward on #civilunions, that voice you're hearing is The Voice of the People
My daughter just told me this was the best Chanukkah gift ever! I rock as a parent... At least I do today
Entertaining guests this week? Members are always welcome to bring guests, and non-members may visit the first floor, including the gallery.
God wants a relationship with you.
Mayock for sure
Hyper-caffeinated and forgot to eat. Oops. *bzzzzzzt*
Some things just don't fly with me, especially insects with wings, hate those.
Love is giving someone your undivided attention.
Thins I love
hey mrs.michelle can i get a follow back
yooooooooooooo lol what's up wit ya????!???
What park is this??
tell still to stop looking at naked pictures on Facebook.. COMPLI!!!!!
Just saw a female pilot, all suited up but she had awesome bling on her black leather pilots luggage! Go girl!
Policeman shot and killed on Va. Tech campus. Gunman still at large. Campus on lockdown.
Have a great weekend!
Just got in the mail today... it's going to be a good weekend. To confirm nerdyness 2nd read is Steampunk Maker's Guide
you'll like this one: Reading Eugenides' The Marriage Plot over break and my mom thought it was a self-help book!
#lrncampphx Nov 17 Exec Learning Forum focus is talent mgt / workforce development challenges 4 Phoenix Organizations.
awww, thanks for mentioning the show :) some old masters at work coming up
So I'm trying to figure out what "purple drank" is.. No luck lol :p
So true RT : Ex'a can smell when you're happy and unavailable. They come lurking back your way.
Ha how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if the wood chuck was chuck Woodson?
SO important!! RT :DavidALee A3: Research and don't be afraid to ask recruiter good questions to help prep for next interview
A metaphor is like a simile. ~Author Unknow
lmfao i can imagine zayn a freak. the things he'll do to you would probably kill you. that or it's just so great you want to die
thank you for the Evolution of Business recommendation, I found utility in reading it. Please keep them coming...
Hi Irma.Hope your week was a good one. TGIF! GBU ALL
Nice zipper #Google!
RX2 saving another production track! What hum? What distortion? What snaps? WHAT!?
hubby i love u to pieces... where are u hiding on me too?
U R Strong, Wise, a Protector, and Wealthy!
My mom ruined such a nice day. Im not one to put my mother on blast over the internet, but take a damn chill pill.
My black clutch looks like its been through hell and back
Our production and casting team is now on twitter. Please follow for updates as we finish the last of our film!
hmm... i wonder if this is going 2 become more & more of an issue 4 charters if they grow/expand & still r 'public.' thots?
I hope she's pulling the long straw in exchange for that, then.
yeah been on instagram man way better then Facebook and tweeter
Just heard Duo Albergue plans releasing their first studio album!
Food Truck Stops: October 13
Thanks for the follow from the SJS Team!!
RT : 100 straight sellouts = best fans in baseball!! It's so much fun playing back home in SF!
You are a him . hahah
i'm disgusted by this
omg, I know. I just started yesterday and I'm almost done!
I was just thinking that...
So tired... looking forward to TAKS week boiii
Two of the most awesome librarians ever! Met Kee at SLA 2009....
MIND GAMES BRUH.....MINE/MIND #Tricky FAM
but when u r in a relationship u see happy singles lmao
I'll wait to kiss you until our wedding day;)
So it looks like George Springer has arrived!!!
its a business planning kind of wkend!
Congratulations to Russell Wilson (), the newest member of the Seattle Seahawks. Third round, 75th overall pick
Don't forget, text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a #FREEPIZZA! Normal messaging rates apply.
thanks!! Nice meting you!
Review of Dimensions V^n Thus Far
funny you should mention that... and I were just talking about that!!! You in?
RT : Repeal & Replace Socialism with Capitalism! >>>>Thanks very much!
thank you :)
I think Flyers are waiting for them suspensions to be cleared&the BROAD STREET BULLIES play round 2 in game 5
just bought your new album "Make it Loud" awesome, high energy music, Thank you.
I would teach them How to hit. If you can swing the stick, coaches will find a spot to hide you in the field.
someone help me vote for & for the cmt awards.. it wont let me
OSU women's hockey coach, Nate Handrahan gave his presentation this morning from his iPad. Clearly a program to watch.
amen ladies! But we will be done with school soon then summer, which we ARE HANGING OUT STILL!!!
Dragon soul absorbent.
A fossil is a dead bone.
Stream that ish!
“: Wishing y'all good luck with exams this year! #eliteNaviShit” thanks b xoxoxoxox
thanks for clearing that up. Is there an ETA for when it will be fixed?
Follow me,Is Hot related to Gossip Girl online streams
#NP the zone
lol no I'm not
Follow this account :)
you beat me! But I loved it anyway!
Success is a process; whether overnight or over time. the key is #longevity #greatread #Motivated #themoreyouknow #
Your bullshit goes in one ear & out the other!
What's the problem you're having with it?
Brian Golden(Thtr 7): Bring people into ldrship positions when they are ready, not just when they think they're ready.
": Just finished playin "Hedbanz" & "Taboo" .."/bring me.my games
Going to #tasteofdowntown SD tonight. What are the must-haves?
hehe thanks, though I was referring more to the artists I work with :)
“: Thanks so much …..Looks like a good read! #FF #wine #food”Cheers & thx!!
Interview at Papa Johns :)
Thanks for the follow! What outlet are you an editor for?
Omw to the airport. Early morning flight Goodmorning and TGFAD :)
✩The optimist sees the rose and not its thorns; the pessimist stares at the thorns, oblivious to the rose✩ Kahlil Gibran
who you talking to ?
Do you know an individual who has increased the understanding of the human experience through the humanities disciplines in Oklahoma?
Police are quick to arrest and taking all student threats seriously in wake of Chardon incident.
That always solves things :)
Side note: Just spent $30 on repairing my beloved fur #JeffreyCampbells, I just know it will be worth it! (cc )
Far as I can see, could try more : Are there no clients on the iPad that can do that?
son, don't try me lololol I got expensive hoes, with expensive clothes and I sip fine wines and spit vintage flows
hahaha okay.... Okay then good night. Cuz I have low battery
Saw Avengers (her idea) and made bacon wrapped chicken and various homemade sides for wife (mothers day). Huge success.
Hey made a really great Slow-cooked Broccoli and Garlic soup today You should be excited for lunch!
#StreetLife is owned by Bob & Janice McNair, who will be going for their 3rd victory in the Wood Memorial, having won in 2001 & 2006
Seriously, see The Avengers as soon as you can. The bar has been raised to astronomical heights.
Haven't tweeted in forever!
Seriously, Frenchy was great but Phil Hartman would have killed in The Artist.
Photoshop CS6 offers the possibility of making lens correction for video no different from correcting a single still image...
Its a GTH.. kinda day... Gym. Tan. Hair! Oh, and I will work in between :P
What doesn't kill you might come back to finish the job off so keep your wits about you
Design Tip: Use similar colors to create a feeling of calmness. - Blues, greens, purples.
some of the people at this station have a no lives and a lot of money
It's true, you could do worse. But how did that library get in there?!?! ;)
as radio ppl we should have saw that trick coming...had me too
MY LOVE MY HEART IS BREATHING FOR THIS, MOMENT IN TIME I'LL FIND THE WORDS TO SAY... BEFORE YOU LEAVE ME TODAY!
What is your #Halloween costume going to be this year!?
So many turnovers tonight ...
With Valentine's Day still fresh in our minds, we'd like to know what you LOVE most about your Library?
next time i find a bag of mold in it someone will be losing their breadbox privileges (hint: starts with "s" and rhymes with "weenie")...
2000 campaign Bush said US power calls for humble foreign policy. Enter Cheney, Wolfowitz neocons: "humility be damned."
Rounding up volunteers to record #aaasci session, incl. and others.
Watching #educationnation. You should if you are an educator.
thank you so much Tim!! that means a lot! :)
G-Dub is heading to the baseball state championship game! BOOM!
I am so jealous of those who already have the #LetsBeAnimals CD. Oh well, I guess I'll just have to wait. But is worth it!
yea... I hope they win but then I hope they don't
does anyone know of a journal where the pedagogial issues are taught?
Midlakes Basketball: Modified tryouts start tomorrow...incredibly difficult to make cuts when the kids are this young.
Just watched a couple of new videos by Damn homie you went hard!
Oomf gone die cause of that lying watch
34. Still in love with the world.
I will say that Drake is definitely getting me going through this last week of classes.
Thank you both! Very excited! Just did a lil prep by surfing up in Wisconsin yesterday :)
Early this year, #kiddori was also ported to #WindowsPhone. It's an awesome app on
Nice ass day. Getting off work early and going cliff jumping with some friends
Watching French movies and planning my return to Paris. Paris, je t'aime!!!
Same here, if my hammy and shoulder agree with that… :)
With the birthday boy Jorge Necuze, happy birthday babe (:
I'm looking at the individual nodes' weighted degrees and centrality, to analyze with other data for my PhD dissertation
Paul Yeezy Winnre #3... What is your Shirt Size?
Life Is Short........So SMILE While You Still Have Teeth
watching "Friends" and relaxing before our show :)
89K to end the day. Very happy with how I played at a tougher than I was hoping/expecting table.
Thanks for sharing your faves - love the classic BM but meats & cheeses are always a great addition!
what question????
Lying by the pool with a drink in my hand.
I went today actually. Didn't actually find anything
I love him. I could see actually paying to see him. Great, unique voice.
90s R&B Music❤
Another good guess...it's actually significantly more than $500M! RT : #CompCloud 575,000,000 would be my guess
What's some good breakfast spots in jax tho? i been in need for some fye breakfast since i been back since i have nobody to cook 4me :(
Google's attempt to create more white space for apps like Reader, Gmail, etc seems misguided, with many useful features hidden. Argh!
Thanks for the #FF shout-out!
Not a nets fan.. but I will need a bk nets snapback.
Fav album by the Creepiest Creeper in Music, Mr. David Bowie
apparently you two are part of Nevada's History according to historyNevada's twitter.. lol HAppy happy! :)
Thanks for the follow !
i'm finna tell you to shut up. finna finna finnaa. you should've said it in English, fucker.
Be the type of person you want to meet.
Had ah long walk
Great day. Bears scoop a very necessary stud WR, a very playable backup qb and save 55.55 million in not overpaying Vincent Jackson
I hope follows me! Thanks for keeping my hopes up haha :)
The Alex Kollin situation
you should stop bein ghost ya feel me..
Good #OpeningDay! Can't wait to go tomorrow's game! Early to bed... Gotta get up early in the morning. Night, night #Ranger fans!
So, it's been another Kevin Garnett game. Keeping the #Celtics in this.
I'm enjoying the relaxing day off so I feel lucky!! Thnx! You been working hard?
Several reads, darling.
That is one of the most ridiculous things I have ever seen. And maybe the cutest.
R.I.P Levon Helm. You were an inspiration to us all!
they've got 1-hit wonders written all over 'em :)
More than one of every ten Americans, suffers from chronic, disabling conditions that cause major limitations and decreased quality of life.
that awkward moment when you get caught laughing at tumblr at work...
Two auditions tomorrow - feel like some of these should come through soon!
Thanks to & for putting on the Common Core Symposium. Dr. Sheridan Blau from gave a great talk on literacy.
Hustle or get Hustled, good morning, do your thing!
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
i can never sleep late.
A B C D E F G Gummi bears are chasin me 1 is red 1 is blue 1just stole my favorite shoe i am runnin for my life cause the red 1 has a knife
Wow...I just realized that I have 4 appointments with casting directors in the month of May already! Yay! It's gonna be busy...but great!
See you there!
All in bed and asleep by 10:30. Slept straight through! Morning bottle then extra cuddle time with my sweet baby before work
thank you and for the record I am KY fan that has a subpar spin! Lol
ok ppls i am bac my laptop broke but my dad gave me his computer so i am bac in business so wat up Mindless PPl!!=)
VirtuallyMeg: Librarians, its time to follow... RT : has 24 followers. It's 2:53 p.m.
Tips for Healthy Hair and Hair Dandruff Care
Just found a cupcake in my jacket pocket that im pretty sure my little sister left there for me.
Have a nice weekend
Middle finger on the trigger
Dad: Happy Birthday and rest in peace. You said I was man of the house when you were gone- I didn't know it was a curse. Love you still.
It's hard to look right, at ya baby, but here's my number, so, call me, maybe. I believe we need to request this tonight.
Happy Birthday, !!
they really are the best dogs, funny about the parrot, the cat is currently none too pleased with the newest addition.
dad said youre one sick perra lol did you teach him this?
You can't tell, but I just made a six-figures' worth of gorgeous Polyvore set. I BLAME TUMBLR
The new year brings new projects: I've been meaning to join Twitter for a while, so here I am. Huzzah!
Bart Simpson said it best to Lisa when she was president... "Legalize it" #cnbcdebate... 40 million people can't be that wrong
the click here link isn't working on the web site for the live timing and scoring, any suggestions?
Huge Mountaineer road win vs S. Fla --who had only lost one at home all year. Peaking now with Big East tourney & NCAA on horizon.
Texas is much better!! Than the halo's
You were the best that I left last year ...))))
Ok no car for the next 2 weeks and I need to start a new rotation...SO who lives in Sherman Oaks and is a hot guy w a car?
I'm not that kinda bitch.
you have the best luck ever,
Aren't you supposed to be an adult?
I got the new nano in pink :) But... I'm considering trading it in for a touch.
So apparently imma b the death of the Air Force lol..my supervisor said it only takes one man...but why me!
Thanks! RT Follow Friday! Support local wines.
"Catch the Fever"... Support IR and the Fever Aug 13. Portion of ticket sames benefit Indy Reads! Tipoff at 7 p.m. See you there!
About to see Don Rickles, 2nd row, and we're definitely the youngest people in here by 50 years, shame on you young folk
boy am I feeling lazy
Streaming live now at homelesscoach.org! Coaching Lawrence the homeless artist.
Can the power of the cloud help improve global education? Thanks for the product donation.
I wish I could Ted and I are at the game can't change channel
Some streets near West Allis city hall are already closed for Neo-Nazi event.
also there are payphones
You need to know yo stroke number . You need to know yo fuck number . Katt Williams >>
Hey! Thank you for the follow :) Come to Boise and chill with all of us! We'd love to have you in Idaho! <3
Starting Friday, we'll be selling amazing organic coffee from to pair up with our breakfast tacos. What a delicious pair!
Just helping people throughout the San Diego area with their home improvement projects! You?
follow us for updates ~!
Its hilarious when iron man impersonates Thor xD
The Craigs List email confirmation waiting game is the worst, you guys.
That BC goal by Johnny Gaudreau was Evgeni Malkin-like. Weaved his way through two turnstile defensemen. Clincher?
Oh, I know. You folks across the pond have issues with singular and plural nouns. We just smile politely! =)
Had 2 hop on dis page cuz I need a lot of people to read these next tweets........
I feel like this relationship is going down hill ever since that dumb shit happened :/
Kristina is smokin!!! Just got back from there. She was a manager today!!! Ha!
Deleting G+ is easy, but Gmail, Youtube, Google Calendar, Google Docs, and the search engine? RT How many deleted G+ this weekend?
#Abbas Happy #Nakba64 really hope you do much better job for
#FELLAS: Cheating on a "good woman" is like throwing away a DIAMOND and picking up a ROCK...
ahaha yes! we'll be free!
you look lovely in shocked!
Ah, Razorianfly.com was just blocked at my school! What am I to do?!?!
It's feels awesome outside...I'm going to be out here for a minute
The quick mocking bird Snapped up a bug on the fly, Smugly satisfied.
We gone be on t.v tomorrow poppin we about to have fun
Dying a part of my hair red;)
5 #auditions in a week.....ok LETS DO ThiS!!!!
Questionable imagery
Some Guys Realize it
bahahah well played ms. cunningham, well played
Going to the #Unity rally tomorrow? Prepare to get creative! Unity mural all the way around the square, with chalk paint! RT!
Interesting that on our 4 year wedding anniversary, my husband finally decides to follow me on Twitter. Thanks love!
So now that Facebook bought Instagram, are all uploaded photos going to auto-filter via the Polaroid-In-A-Puddle effect?
Brooklyn schoolkids all sporting little straw fedoras (from street vendors ) this Spring...
story of my life....
Hard to believe it's #superbowl Sunday. I'm looking forward to the snacks, commercials and half time show. Oh yeah, and the game too. LOL
I heard about that. Don't know how true, but I've definitely heard that.
thats y we have it
Unbelievably made it to the airport with plenty of time to spare!
Something wrong with malik
request one from !!
I be watching that show psych that shit funny as hell.
I usually tip $1 or $2 - no more than that for a to-go order.
Very good question--definitely why I ended my "declarative" with a question mark! Lemme follow up...
ps, you have 38k followers, what?
#HillerHelps - Pre-Nuptial Agreements can cause lingering resentment by one fiance if approached poorly.
I'm effin hungry
Following us b/c you're interested in ?DM us + find out how to bring her to your #campus #university to
that's awesome! congrats!
Star Camp will be in your city soon promoting "Getting Em" be on the look out
OMG YES!<3
Erik Von Detten was Sid in Toy Story? Mind blown.
Working on Drupal guide for whoever will be administrator of this website after me.
Welcome to Moes. Don't really know what to say back. Hi? Okay? Thanks?
- oh yeah
Thanks to Homestead Farms in Poolesville, Maryland for donating more than 200 pounds of apples and broccoli for our guests!
In Blake Griffin's new Kia commercial, the car drives itself off a bridge.
T Plush dropping the F bombs like a mofo
as a fan of the comix, I thought Whedon did a commendable job of both balancing and giving each character their moment to shine
LOVE is to powerfull
Yeah.But there also always true friends n ppl da like u n would stand by u in da bad n good time.yes #leaveurliveBigTime?
All these pathogens and cancer causing meats/processed foods......one day I will be a vegetarian.
I imagine hurricane Irene being a fat lady with really bad cankles, and varicose veins charging towards me in a moo-moo.
remember back when i liked epitaph records and was really attracted to men in punk instead of loathing these things what was wrong with me
My dad was asking me what I thought about employers asking for FB passwords. I struggled with explaining how I didn't believe it was real.
But let's be really- he had to do that because his last one was so wack
Get on my level
Um, well I guess I know why now.
Its strange how things change, and the one person you're close to seems like the person you now know the least.
Swear every nigga think he can rap these days. Shouts to those who are actually creative and actually make songs of quality. #TeamDazzy!
first day of TOPS soccer volunteering! :D #oneofmyfavoritethings #yay!
Big congrats to 1st place and 3rd place in the #SDBrewAwards. Wish we could be there!
I have a DVD of The King's Speech you can borrow.
Wait.... is britney gonna be an xfactor judge or not?
"You are selling yourself short!" Preach it, Peggy's Mom!
Seriously want to live the Will & Grace lifestyle.
Nice to see you too! And nice to meet and
Just tool part in private Apple presentation with marketing director. Que genial!
Unbeaten halves streak snapped at 14... #SportingKC trails 1-0 on Myers own goal
wassup, what school do u go to? (:
The Joe Sample Trio and Randy Crawford's "Street Life" is a swinging, hip shaking track. What a way to start your morning and get you going.
Tonight wraps up week 2 of "Wolf". In other words, it's a cheap way to BYOB and get out of the rain for 2 hours. 7:30pm at The Think Tank.
the patriots!
Thanks, Audie--we think it's pretty good too.
How can you judge a person when you don't even know them?
Im hungry
And anotha one...
Thanks for following! love, yoko IMAGINE PEACE: Think PEACE, Act PEACE, Spread PEACE IMAGINEPEACE.com Direct message sent by Yoko Ono
Omg chuck come on are you kidding me
S/O to being the first to spin new single Val Venis on
I need a manager.
"I wanted a field…which actually spoke to possibility rather than impossibility--and I found it in art." -Charles Esche
too bad there's no extra points for having a creative bracket name. Mine is Kelvin Sampson's cell phone
I'm not so sure about that. But fun to hear just the same. :)
He actually doesn't "hate" anything according to the Bible.
omg, pop-up video is coming back. aaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwww yeeeeeaaaaaaaaaahhhhh!!!!!
Dani and Megan made me lose my appetite.
A little sore from a weekend of hostile environment training -- but now I know how to escape artillery fire and navigate checkpoints...
are you treating both things?? I'm good! Just sore from my workouts!
great show man!
Never had that fruit before! Common in CA?
LMFAO ik it's funny when girls think they actually have a chance..let's get real here
hey man this coach took me out to eat for lunch and the place was called "The Bear" hahaha
Lol, do you really want to criticize the *shameful acts* of campaign workers? Think abt it.
well that call to the #irs was a brief one hour forty-one minutes. only about 90% of the time spent on hold.
You think your awesome? Well without the me in awesome your just aweso
OBL was watching Jersey Shore and fist pumping like a champ when the SEALs broke in?
Thought our cracked, buckled sidewalks were a problem and then I tried to push a stroller down them. Need off-road wheels.
Follow back we have the roar acct
The music is getting better and better at the Muse Awards!
homemade meatballs for supper. not like my grandma's though. She took that recipe to the grace and I will forever be mad at her.
you're welcome and okay thanks =)
Did the information about the NY meet and greet go up yet? (: I'd also love a follow from the one and only Mama Mahone <3
Actually was fairly painless once inside the About 15 mins. The line outside was brutal though...now back to work!
Where is the words and music festival located?
Good Morning and happy new year. did you get your #pUSH book?
Thanks for the RT, Sheila!
Very pretty!
I think the Purple Faithful would give Spielman an A of this was the result RT : Kalil/Jeffery
Yep, got blasted during flag football and used my arm to brace my fall. It's also my throwing arm, so it's probably sore.
IF she got nun but upper shoulders pics .. she fatter than a motherfucka lol!!!
I have the squeegee bottle one. I think it does help. Course I always put salt in it for amoeba murder.
#I'm dead tired. off to rehearsal now. Check out new photos and credits: www.imdb.me/alexmontaldo
Thanks for sharing it, Elan! ^ac
We have a few used die cutters, blankers, and foil stampers available. Email me if you're in the market .
RT Myspace.com/hazakimcamp for more info.
In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die.
Its 's birthday and he is mowing. What is this.
I just finished a 1.00 mi run with a time of 16:01 with Nike+ GPS.
what do you propose? videotaping yourself feeling "bloated"?
You know Jeremy Lin has made it because he has his own sports science
Lye: Reclaiming Woman Warrior, eg, as political rather than liberal practice:Fa Mulan as red guard. I Hotel shout out.
This Saturday night get your laugh on with us at The Box! 10:30pm! $6 and there will be Tractor beer sold!
I love playing with Siri.
Love you all and the show.
on twitter , twitter is my life lol
So people need to HMU(:
Super challenging class tonight with Goldie, but we loved every minute of it!
I got troubled thoughts & a self esteem to match
- Howdy stranger! How's life?
check out this site for a new ipad 2 free, no joke no bullshit, its real www.yourmotivated.com very cool site
same loll
Trying to control the chaos... Aka "cleaning my room"
Amazon has more than 64000 books on weight loss and diets. With all that information out there it's no wonder people are confused.
Check your dm. Gave me a weird error and can't tell if it went through.
Stoked that I'm able to see the Beastie Boys inducted into the RnR Hall of Fame, on tv right now.
ATTN students! If you're studying in CBC, pass by the lobby for free snacks and drinks to keep you energized! Good luck on those finals!
Keep it proper
happy mothers day! Even though you aren't my mother I'm pretty sure that your an amazing mother!!
Love just doesn't exist okay? Hahah
teens: did you ever go to a MLB game?
tea time !
Austin Taylor is cool she did a show with us in Detroit a couple different occasions...
Oh man, this game is brutal.
Lunch time Tip Your stomach doesnt have teeth. Slow down, take your time, chew your food & enjoy it! (psst-will keep you fuller longer too)
Come to ! I'll make you some delicious coffee and you can listen to jazz. What better to do on a rainy day?
If the ELA interchange shuits down for a weekend will there be $4 flights to-from El Mercado to La Mirada swap meet?
Yes the truck is still at Bedford n7th!
The Spurs beat the Blazers 124-89 and clinched the No. 1 seed in the West. tim Duncan and Danny Green had 18 points and Tony Parker had 13.
agreed! Airtran owes me 10 hours in Vegas!
What plugins do you fellow producers use on your master channel??
Your not going to like everyone you see or hear! But they all could use some respect! <3 its okay to forgive people :)
First slush of the year! Summer is coming!!
assuming you mean D&P... & yup! but we r d&pdc. Met a few of them, know some of PWs they've produced. u a PW? director? in the biz?
I was on $10,000 Pyramid with Dick Clark in 1977. True gentleman. RIP. :(
I HATE BEING STARED AT! thats my problem. I don't like knowing people are looking at me.
that's right! Hope you had a good 28th bday as well.
#its2012whyyoustill wearing socks with sandals?!
Thank You 2 our Sponsors for 's #InTheArtOfTheCity Event
hah no shit. Where you at my boy?
I was actually hoping that once the Ferrari dealership started following you, you'd start tweeting about high-end sports cars.
so what your saying is its like a Kardashian sister?
i'm gonna sleep forever ugh
Awesome! RT It's 11PM and is baking brownies for the person who logged the most bugs
Hello Date.
wait when ray and his friend came over
okay , I will!
I'm glad my boyfriend called me out of no where. seriously, it made my night.
I'm not the only one watching Monsters Inc right? I love this movie
Prescription Assistance Program now available with no income guidelines, available at www.rx2you.com
cool bro
Earth Day today and "4/20" tomorrow.. Coincidence?
Happy Monday. If you missed the ADDY Awards show on Saturday, and are wondering who the winners were, go to www.aaf-sanantonio.org/ADDYs
What apartment do you have?
64% of Americans canceled vacations last year, 1/3rd did it for work-related reasons even though most felt in need of a vacation
3rd down play calls are suspect.
I tell way to much!
mass exit from the $FBCD ihub board.... mod is shady.
nothing says efficient like announcing after FED RT : After Fed investigation, FL announces own investigation w Trayvon killing
