So cool to meet Jim Levinger - from Q-Ray Media at
ahh thank you! I love yours to!
oh kool lol tweet me or follow me plizeeeee
forgot my iPod in my car:'(
Way to get out there & rock it Martinez on The Voice, super cool concept for a show!
A Better Life really is a great movie. See it.
#MyPastRelationships don't affect my next relationships. You can't carry the weight of your past into your future.
haha.. actual pitch: "it's 'Rocky' but it's a rapper" .. which is exact pitch made for 34 other themed films
MLK, Jr. day-- you off work? what are you doing? Let us know and we'll give you a shout on our 4:30am newscast
I'd ask people "WAS IT INCEST OR MASTURBATION?" and "WAS IT MURDER OR SUICIDE?" god i'm so clever my testicles are inside of my chest now ok
Happy 18th Birthday Son!!! I love you:-)
We donated $100 to Paste Up! Madison. This project only needs $170 more to reach the $2500 goal! Any amount will help - ends tomorrow at 1pm
One falsehood spoils a thousand truths...Ashanti Proverb
Congrats to for winning the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor!
DO IT RT : Congratulations, Liam! Are they gonna let you bring your bike on the stage to show the Prez?
Only goodness and love will pursue me all the days of my life; - (Psalm 23:6)
It just makes me shudder.
really guys ?
This Cheesehead is so happy!!! Congrats to the GB Packers!!!!!!!!!
NEXT TIME
Rear-ended on the way to school, it was just a tiny fender bender, but still stressful.
What better way to celebrate your 8th birthday then to get a national network commercial! WTG & HAPPY BIRTHDAY TYLER CHAMPAGNE!!!
juan williams trending on #twitter mission accomplished #scdebate...on another note #bigfoot and gong show also trending
Need your shoulder popped back into place? Time to see Dr. Forrest again.
I'm not home to watch #PLL :( damn. I gotta get off twitter bc people ruin it!! Can't wait till 9 haha
ORIOLES MAGIC......FEEL IT HAPPEN!!!
thank you!
Morning Twitter!!
Just one thing to say to my beloved friends working news on election day: HA-HA (sorry)
you know this!!
An underrated candy bar classic!
I have continuosly told people Asik is overvalued. He is a solid defensive role player, but that isn't an untouchable
inside every pack of gum is a small child who wants to chew on their daddy's satchel strap
I'll challenge Jobu to Rum drinking contest!
I am exhausted! Early night tonight, God I feel so old.
THANK YOU!! Such an honor to serve with you & staff!
I'm on a tour in St. Louis, and I'm spending the night tonight at Lemp Mansion. Any pointers?
life for me is just weed and ....
i am gorgeous!
no haa :D what is it?
i think im losin it cause i stay so confused i dont know what to do i think i lost my mind.............
Getting ready for work tonight. Money on my mind. 💚
im hoping maybe we can take her to her first show (BVB) when we move to la by next year :)
is mixing the final sound for the unLEASHED Season Finale!
This game is less entertaining then an AAU game smh the heat and the pacers both playing like trash
ME AND MY COUSIN MADE YOU A BIRTHDAY VIDEO BABE <3
How do children get brainwashed? It starts in the womb of grandma & is passed down w/genetics; pre-dispositions, tangled n webs of chaos
I'm waiting for the NY Times review before committing
is following me!!! Juggalo love!!!
Great day so far, got my mom roses for mothers day :)
Grandma turned the volume down on Grandad's home development show. Shit's about to go down.
you are my friend i love you hon
Finishing your freshman year, duh! Lol
RT How many days a week do you lift weights? >> 5 days,,s/o
Wow just retire already Omar. That was Beautiful
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
Metta World Peace???
Dwight prob want tht Calvin Johnson money
gotta love the
Serious question - is the audio tuned just for the audience? On TV, most all performances sound really off & boring
will there b a stay scheme khlemix ?
I swear my new word is "Understandable" lol. Trying to refrain from using "True shit"
I can't see it from my phone!
Typical all I do is get yelled at, I went out there 2do work & what do I get Fucking screamed @ &told to shut up and I wasn't even yelling
Post -Parker Spenser. And yes.
i dead caused a stir on your instagram...cuz i gets it poppin , sike naw nice pic doe!!!
The day I decide to take my sweet time our bus driver finally comes back. I'm effin' up.
its looking like 9:30. I'll get back to you with a for sure time asap
not getting enough of the cheese?
Know what sucks? I have STAAR test tomorrow. Ugh. Sucks. Texas and their dumb tests! Smh.
I'm looking forward to meeting you finally at the #SILtweetup !
I say what I think are "funny things" and some people just stare at me... Perhaps they no hablo English??
FaceTimed for the
u changes ur number right! So why r u talkin to me
Oh wow. I so wanna see Adele live ....
Everything is lovely, but that Happy Trail and vein on his right bicep is screaming my name!
There is definitely an unacknowledged male privilege phenomenon happening
ah so jealous! how were they?
Happy Monday, Twitterdom. Everyone have Thanksgiving plans squared away? Hope all has a wonderful holiday with family & friends
haha you can't be a die hard lakers fan and go for the celtics, cmon
How many house servants did "stay-at-home-mom" Ann Romney have to raise her kids. Just b/c u don't have job doesn't make u stay-at-home mom.
Just woke up! Oopss lol Feeling great though!
Read my #Faulkner for the morning. Now I get to snuggle & watch #OnceUponaTime with my girl. Kinda loving
Scratch my back
before your next road trip call me to check your vehicle out
sup with my nigga sho?! Were u been bruh..I ain't seen u lately?
“ MARLO IS BEAT LIKE AN OLD NASTY WHITE BILLIONAIRE IS WAITING FOR HER OUTSIDE!!!! #RHOA”
We are back on our members only nights Fridays and Saturdays here @ Try Outs! Mondays are now dedicated to men, just men.
Thank you to all who came to the March NACE meeting hosted by Saz's State House! We had an absolute blast hosting!! :D
I'm looking and I'm frowning
Oh, George, let's not park here. Oh, George, let's not park. Oh, George, let's not. Oh, George, let's! Ooh, George!
"old enough to know better, young enough to do it anyway." ;)
I love it when my car doesn't start at 445 in the morning...
have 6 tweets
i'm not sure what quote you're referencing
“: karleeelovesyou Happy birthday gorgeous!! (:” thank you :)
Getting my haircut. I have to somewhat decent. Somewhat.
Had wonderful news writing workshop at the Clarion office today. A big thank you to all that attended, can't wait for your news stories!
TunnelFact # 300: 4027 Feet of Tunnel = Washington Mutual (thanks ) www.tunnelfacts.com
Tonight at the Member Preview I was told by a new friend that "this is the best show in the last 2 & a half years." sweet! Thanks Helmut!
"You could come with us to see The Wiz." -Dorothy
Squirrel! (Just checking to see how many dogs use Twitter)
while cocktailing I had a Cecil Martin sighting, super nice guy - now time for the show
Doors open when you knock, not when you think about knocking...
MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS MEGA FINE!!!! YOU MAD??? STAY MAD?!
I will live in New York.
If you are making a lot of new #flipclass vids this summer, start early! You will be glad you did.
pretty sure it is Simon Kane, a graduate student.
so why did apple name this phone 4S and not 5???
Did you know that when someone annoys you, it takes 42 muscles to frown, But only takes 4 muscles to reach out and smack'em in the head.
Any html/css/JS/Ruby folks out there looking for a well paying full time gig in San Diego, let me know asap.
Thanks for watching, ! Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
Excited about #SageU today for Sage's #socialmediaweek!
did you come up off of facebook?
Giving talks in July; there from the18th-20th. Let's meet up. (thanks to for suggesting).
No. It's saying I'm over my DM limit until a few hours! Twitter, why?!
I just love chocolate chip cookies!:)
I'm a HUGE Cowboy fan just like you and can I get a RT?
wake up! Sup son the fucks been up? Also fuck a twitter. Bring everyone to G+ nao
“: Marion Barber's weekly paycheck: $132,353.” let's just not pay barber this week.
totally! can't wait! see you there ;)
- iPhone 5 rumors? Do you believe it? Or is it just the antenna bar fix?
Can we please get a YouTube link to this?!
If you continuously assume the worst you're gonna get what you're askin for
don't touch me, please I cannot stnad the way you tease! tainted schlitz!
Happy Friday! Just a reminder for Tampa Bay Times NIE teachers: Today is the last day of print deliveries for the 2011-2012 school year.
I love the fact that you are followed by a putz who feels the need to defend you
RT Not lookin like ima get to workout today....ain't planet fitness 24hrs right??
Do i want to run track still um
he was like "you trendy people, those aren't the words"
Is this conversation really taking place????
good thing you didnt go with the other guys brake pads
oh i know right lets just think the opposite....ready....set....go! austin will never see this...lolol
my blog title is too emo no i don't wabt it
You're the one for Me I've known that ever since I looked in Your beautiful eyes.
Hey is here to talk dynamic strategy!
#yolo I don't get it. It should be #yoyo you're only young once. Half that yolo stuff won't happen after college.
Happy 100th Birthday Girl Scouts!
Is that important?
yah, i'll take 30% any day! install the pungle.me app and get shopping! Support a good cause for free this holiday season.
My winter fro is in effect.
oh no.
“: Can't wait to play the ACM's Fremont Street event on Friday, March 30th!!” YES! MADE. MY. DAY!
Thanks for following me! Let's chat some time:)
Money can't buy you love, cause it's over priced.
finally someone who is dedicated to non bullyingg!!!
it is so funny
get him hshopefuls, he needs to respect his elders lol lol
Marlene Vogelsang's job sounds like what I want to do eventually! I'm finding the SLA Fellows inspiring.
Fix the sound!!! #oscars. Also- nice job Emma stone :)
EmMontartii atleast you don't have to deal with them in a daily basis and for the next year and a half.
By my calculations, Jaromir Jagr is 447 years old.
probably because the top shelf of pastries is above your eye level. They hate the vertically challenged. Damned elitists
the BIG news? George Costanza...is getting MARRIED!
Chase pissed me off 6 transactions to get my $$$...
Swear I'm going to get myself in trouble
Omg, Lions, bears & a monkey, oh my! : Update: Officials believe 3 animals remain at large... - sheriff's briefing”
They're def trying to put the double teaming squeezes on Kei & CJ. #SKCvMTL this game is near shot less. 1 from us is IT 23 min in
VA. Tech's Kicker can't play in the sugar bowl. He robbed a house at gun pt. instead. What a special guy. Prison probably has a team!
I have a smart phone with a dumb ass battery.
Man all the new followers. I dont eat butt so u can unfollow me
what is this pottermore? i wanna duel and apparate and stuff.
“: ": Aww quit crying #BasketballWives" she need to grow some balls” lmao for real tho she better learn to speak up
I need some hard dick in my pussy, its so wet..
so then if the company ever went under, does that mean I won't be able to access it?
Things are moving!
I kinda think you should text me a belly pic! I would like to see how adorable you are whilst preggers!
I started my career as a male model with my new pal hello lion!
I'm trying! Jeeze.
sorry bro I know for a fact I'm not getting GOW3, but we should chill some time and I can play it with you, and
I will upgrade. The point of the flash site is to just have the concrete concepts displayed. I'm hiring a web designer
As a living/un-related donor, I am a huge supporter of social media's ability to expedite transplant success! Love your work.
It's the first day of Spring, but it feels like summer in DC. guess I'll have to start my countdown to fall earlier this year
Be a dynamo of irrepressible joy! Babaji The successful man is the one who had the chance and took it
May have came up with a great idea tonight. Stay tuned
Tweet tweet. Skeet skeet.
Any thoughts or feelings about the Troy Davis incident?
The late Mathilde Rovelstad, former CUA SLIS porfessor, left a bequest in her estate for largest SLIS scholarship ever. More info in April.
there are many grammatical errors in this sentence. I need you to work on that. Thanks.
1. Eat The Pussy 2. Beat The Pussy Up 3. Apologize To The Pussy By Eating It Again ! ;)
I'd LOVE to paint for you again ! Nurseries are so fun :)
this could be the worst closing effort ever, and that's saying a lot! We all saw Jose Lima close in the 90's
thought u didn't like chocolate!?!?!?!
lol dang I thought his shit was colored too
At a poetry reading by Garrett Hongo at #UCLA Library.
God, I feel so sick. x(
Bowl Games....Who cares?
OMG!..They went to live shot of the two finalist and Paul looked a little less excited. Me worried.
You're doing great!! So good to see you!! I think you'll finish ahead of ETA
Wow, crazy busy day, all projects coming in for the weekend :)
Need to find sometime to write my What to Expect When You're Expecting review so I can tell you how much I enjoyed it.
I had it on the way home, and it tasted like deliciousness, a little lukewarm, but delicious nonetheless.
$25 gift card to goes to... Steph Sharma! (no twitter handle... someone bug her and tell her!)
Fainted while getting blood drawn today
I KNOW
But that is what happens when religion and politics mix. Leads to assumptions.
who cares,we all act like tressel isnt the best coach ohio st has ever had!!So if the bands are raising money for school im all 4 it
Damn you, Cinnamon Toast Crunch. Why must you always cause the milk to backsplash?
Black Coop White Top....#KungFuPandaBear!
Yep, haha. Well I hope you'll be able to sleep soon. It's been nice tweeting you. Have a good night.
u go girl!!
can kiss my ass after these last seconds! Lol
Why is David Robertson so adorable?
Man on XBox Live is great. You can just watch endless music videos. It's like MTV before it sucked.
Ah Ryan Good is on my tv <3
hell yeah
look up to your left...320 1st row!
right?! barraged by apps, mafia wars, villes, social scopes, like damn can I live?! I swear that will be the death of FB
what's up fellow warrior.
O-wweeeeeee singing 's Harder To Breathe!! M daaaaayyyyuuuummmm. Lol. Great job!
what would I do without you guys?!
The first 3 people who go up to our DJ on the first floor & say 'I love #TrendShow at the Flagship' will win a designer fragrance!
Life w/o Mo is hard....
#Bills fans aren't used to using that word. Unless we're saying; "I wish we had more wins!"
Someone come to OTB with me
Sure hit me up when your in Vegas.
stop tagging me lmao
Trolling the Halloween candy aisle for something "healthy" to pass out, I realized I've become my mother.
only two episodes in, so you can catch the reruns! It's completely out of control!
#whereskel At Good Burger, home of the Good Burger, taking orders..
Botan rice candy! Throwback.
I'm NOT expecting a perfect man especially since I'm not a perfect woman but he will be
get at me
really how?
I give it til Thursday. Lol.
Oh wow the radio went far back #nowplaying #jodeci can I talk to you
I searched state of the union on here and it amazes me that people continue to be so inspired by things he continues to say
I love spending time with you as well baby <3 Love you bunches!
He will be so cute!
A library in Richmond has a seed lending library, how cool is that? What a great way to garden and provide a sense of community.
Talk is cheap and actions speak tons. GO PACK GO !!! : talking about NFC north
You got that right! RT: I'd watch this movie. It looks like it has substance to it. .
Odd Future-quot50quot Featuring Mellowhype lyrics in description HD - gold staplers
Your regular Chess-in-the-Schools tweeter will be on vacation next week. Welcome Claire, guest tweeter!
gg was at ur table for a min in the 1500guar. prob see you more on lock. You been able to withdraw?
• Magazine was the only media that didn’t enjoy a bounce-back in 2010
They been working on my truck for 3 hours now & still ain't done....where I'm supposed to sleep at?
TY and favored returned
i went to my cousins house across the street and had a water balloon fight!!! that was FUNN!!! gunna do it 2morrow bcus i dont have skool!!
Observed many times that the woman in the man/woman table at coffee shops is always yelling. Does volume equal voice?
i have to do everything... its bullshit!
Not as cold night with temps around freeing. Temperatures tomorrow will mimic today's conditions. Hi 55 and partly to mostly cloudy skies
" I need one of the new super cool and hip handlebar mustache cards!!! #ManCard #gzu"
Looking forward to it
Getting ready for Rapids/Galaxy at DSGP!
stepped down and didn't realize it was RIGHT there and I heard a crack. I stepped where the piece was so it cracked all the
I feel like probably threw up when he read that
War on Terrorism: Iowa Man Convicted of Mailing Pipe Bombs and ...
LMFAO L M F A O
for life... i have a headache... for life... i have a headache... nope t not as fun w/out Bamryn
Skip, you totally killed Rob Parker and that Ex-Tight End I've never heard of! GO Skip!
haha, I'm just kidding :p
:) : THE JEDEYE1 SONG OF THE DAY:ROCK WITH ME TONIGHT By Freddie Jackson
Whenever someone asks me why I live "way out in Pasadena" I try 2 describe days like this 2 them.
Going to the Froze Four in Tampa just sounds wrong but we will take it!
I'm gonna start spray tanning pretty soon. I'm either gonna come out looking like Ryan Reynolds or Bernie Mac
absolutely! You have my email? I'll DM you if you don't!
sweet! hope you can make it out on Saturday!
Im so bored dose someone wanna talk
agreeing with some of you about the the first video maybe have been more in depth and meaningful..and the whole justin timberlake talk..
I'll raise you Bon Iver - I Can't Make You Love Me (Bonnie Raitt Cover)...youtube the live version from Jimmy Fallon
. just showed the website we created with for at #NWSocial. Thanks Mike!!
How annoying ppl get freaky on twitter but can handle it in real time gtfoh
shamar told me too move on, but i cant...
NIST did number of e-book pilots before full-scale program in 2010 to get clear picture of user requirements & preferences. Bruss
HAKUNA MATATA- it means no worries.
Lmaooooo im wrong for that DM!
THIS IS SO TRUE. Shut up and Watch!
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure
To me, you're perfect ♥
Go #brewers!!!!
yup, everyone and everything is fine. Good job to all staff for fast response
This series on Bartman interfering is pretty interesting. Something I won't ever forget seeing that.
Finally you put me first!
Trying to get to 100 followers. Will someone RT this! We'll <3 you forever :)
#RyanSeacrestFollowRicardoOrdieres !Just push that follow button on his account ya know?Please?(:
Wow, I've been on a roll today with painting! I've finished 2 and I've gotten an idea for another that I just may start tonight =)
The name Quang Luu sounds like sound Little Richard would make
Libia is the Italian and Spanish spelling of what is spelled Libya in English.
I would like to thank Big Brothers Big Sisters for letting me be a part of the dedication ceremony of their new building yesterday.
Don't they have "vapor-wear" for that?
playing "Cult of Personality" w/ Corey Glover on stage. Wow!
Tech age of Evansville is here. Bring me your snazz elite clothing. Come visit Ill show you how to use the auto drop off Kiosk!!
sadly, i'm guessing some players probably dont know how to distinguish between reporters and TMZ...
. fans call NOW for ! Dish on #props & #GleeNationals by calling 714-364-4554 to chat with us & tweet us comments!
Patrice O'Neal - many of your rants on Colin Quinn's show still makes me laugh me to this day. We will miss you you fat bastard.
New exciting stuff in the works....for realz
Been up all night
Butter sock!!
OC burgers! Yum
I'm addicted to Jesus ... I just can't help myself.
Well, you do have that awesome Irish name, now that I think of it.
A nice shot of in his gloves...he has to be happy with how they feel in the rain
It's Wednesday. One more day this week. I can do this.
Think I'm gonna dye my hair black again. Kinda miss it.
A shout out to , keep supporting #occupywallstreet people! They might have more money, but we have a louder voice.
Agreed!! RT : Quote "You can’t make any impact in business without shaking hands and kissing babies", meaning => talk to people
bread wonders too
Drummers, man. Our guy has them in bright red.
hmm what might cause Thor to smite a bitch? Spitting rather than swallowing?
I have an incredible idea for you! How can I dm you? I think you'd dig big!
never trust a big butt and a smile....
No Problem .
Yep! Depending on the size of the team, fundraising program etc... we give our coaches free passes.
u strikeout?
12-year-old Chess-in-the-Schools prodigy, Justus Williams, of the Bronx becomes youngest African-American chess master!! He made history!!!!
Specials on Vector art/Screen printing jobs available. For a special price quote, please email:
I've been waiting months for on gameday tomorrow morning. Good luck EA
No problem!! we "liked" your Facebook page! I really like your music.. love your style! Thanks for following back =]
Today's Real Estate segment this morning: "if you're from Glen Ellyn Illinois, you're affluent, you're smart, and you have 2 perfect kids."
My daughter is with her friends at Warp Tour and hasn't called like she promised
Include at least one photo or image in your promotional emails for increased readability.
I got the link but thank you! :D
If liam does a twit cam today and i miss it cause I'm at school...God help the people around me.
Why is Weatherford the only one glowing like an angel on camera.
We'd love to be on the show !! I just emailed you our mp3s + bio !! Thanks !!
Call us tomorrow.
“: yes the bf and I went last Sunday loves it! Amazeballs food!! :)”
please let's get together this summer and go out on the town! I miss our craziness!!!
Traffic is the worst I have ever seen ! Avoid 62 between 169 and 100.
The smell of mosquito spray means summer is around the corner
so we have a 3 year window then?? Yaaaaaaaay
If you're not doing anything to better your situation then stop fucking complaining about it.
Nice to meet you yesterday!
saw it... Amazing!
I'm in a bar with a giant dude named Fifi and where the walls are covered in pics from the movie Hoosiers.
..... and now I'm watching people pull trees out if the Genesee downtown. Weird morning...
Thanks for the greatest dinner party ever Gnocchi and butternut squash with a butter and sage sauce? You snapped.
Sweet! Thanks!
Thank you for the interview request! Done & done!
you have no idea. Talked to so many different operators and everyone has a different story. Headed home soon finally
Just gotta let certain things go. The more I hold on to it the worse things get... But this shit is easier said than done...
my circle is tighter than tha one one tony starks chest
Closed on the re-finance today. Pleased with how it turned out.
What a great idea!! I own a mens shop, guys need to know this stuff and what better way to keep their attention.
don't tell urself that they'll probably lke u no matter how u look and ur probably really gorgeous inside and out
you gon be out here for how long?
Be kind to one another
we have a LOT to talk about.
No one is answering their phone. I take it this New Year's Eve was a success. Happy recovery, all.
We're heading for a high of 75 here. It's been nice for the past few days and supposed to hold I think. :-)
RT : What's the point in battleships and city walls, unless the people building them and protecting them are happy? —Socrates
#MyBiggestFlaw not walking away
Everytime I see you tweet I wanna slap you in real life yo !!!
my brother is driving around MA looking for a hotel at 10:00PM...great advance planning
Still tripping?
No matter how many times I hear it, I always become overwhelmed with smiles when I hear Grenade sung by !
You can DM us with any feedback or email . We'd love to hear from you, good or bad.
Actually I don't understand this.
. when photography had much more cultural currency & prestige than it does today. 2) Americans was part of an insurgent.. (cont'd)
Awesome! Congratulations to your #Daughter!
I'll come play with it! :D
thanks bud!
On the whole, i would rather hang out with Howard.
Let's just say Ravens nation were rooting for Jets yesterday.
Austin looks so hot in a tux <3., jeeze . Kidd is beyond sexy.<3 call me maybe (;
Hope you're not wearing shoes today!
how come people are so pathetic to block!
Hehehee, because someone Tweeted this account, so I'm on it through my.phone. :)
Up n at em early GM world how u?
Still, Cal uses public forum doctrine, which is a cramped way to do this, unless you start trying to move forum doctrine to internet
Miss u man! Guess I have to travel to the A for some ice cream! Congrats!
Where is this same outrage over the nine-year-old who was pepper sprayed by the police?
It has been one of those days. Seeing a performance of Handel's Messiah tonight though.
Influenced by idiotic people was your downfall
lol, totally just got an email saying that HENRY ROLLINS is a keynote at ACRL 2013. yes, that's an academic library conference.
I got a Huge game plan i'm currently preparing to hit y'all with in this coming summer season! Stay tuned, you don't want to miss this.
A body in motion, stays in motion.
i told hi in the hall today after 6th ._____. i got dissed or he didn't notice.
Dad touches down in East Lansing MI tonight!
It's so hot in my house!!!!
Ugh, keep getting distracted from my paper by all the interesting links on twitter. :/
Baylor.. Get it together...
Okay so after serious consideration and a bunch of sleepless nights, I’ve finally concluded that there’s no such thing as a grown up.
yeah bruthas that will lock a boi UP literally haha
Tune in to #MixCares4Kids Radiothon broadcasting live from till 6PM today! Call 800-457-KIDS to support
trust me I know everything !
I thought I was the only one that did that until 500,000 other people 'liked' it on facebook.
Loving the new Mary J Blige & Rick Ross song "Why?". Nice beat....
Looks but nothing serious yet. R u man?
,Hey i love you.
The complexity of the Java project I'm on is leading to the use of honkingLongCamelCasedVariableNames
You are ABSOLUTLY Amazing! Will you please follow me? :)
shits realer than swiss cheese.
come and put your name on itt
Let's figure something out. That sounds awesome.
"Most winners usually encountered obstacles before they triumphed. They won because they refused to become discouraged by their defeats"
Yeah, I Kept calm and started laughing and Salad was talkin to me. But when I fell it was nbd. Lol
Happy Friday! Remember to treat your customers like you want to be treated today.
I don't mess about when I give those out. :) Only cool people have those on their keychains.
sory busy morning
doing her thang! Love it.
I am! I'm excited too. RT Looking forward to #DUXCamp this weekend. Who else is going?
i dont really like to give that out, but im from towards the south :)
World Of Dance was nuts this weekend! Hello to old and new friends. Thanks for stoppin thru and hangin out <3
AH was chanting USA USA....meaning Edison has a lot of illegals! Alamo whites means just that they're white. NOT THE SAME!
Manchester United would be really bad in a fight. All you have to do is tap them on the shoulder and they fall to the ground....
its penut butter jelly time ! penut butter jelly , penut butter jelly aha !
Here at the Southern Region Oratorical Contest
my ex always said it was poor form
People are crazy!!! Do you ever read the crazy crap people put on twitter????????
Yes Ma'am!
Tonight is in Hollywood Arts Park. Eat at and more!
Wanna get a bottle but owners got some nigga trapped in there cause he stole lmao
Hahahah I bet can't tweet now :)
Good luck tonight to and in their quest for that last playoff spot!
Looking forward to hiking in Estes w/ &
your band is shitty and your girl is ugly.
Vacation starts NOW!!!
just tweet pics of the pups all day!
Thus ends the 2011-12 BU men's hockey season.
No way! Thats outrageous!
Arm and hand: heavy arm
Going forward when the going gets tough is not a test of how tough you are but how strong your faith is.
I need a street fighter x tekken partner!
What is your concept of pride? Is it good or bad to have? Thoughts?
and I would LOVE to! (: I love Philly!
budgets must be gettin tight. no tkts in 5yrs then 2 in a week going 12 over in the right lane on open roads. worlds largest street gang
Service to God and Country
Monster energy drink tastes like crap on a stick! Why am I drinking it?!?
Yeah! I'm excited about it
When it comes to securing a quality mortgage loan,look beyond the interest rate to the true cost of the loan, both now and in the future.
The wife, texted me if corn syrup goes bad? I planned on using for pecan pie. I don't know. Does it?
pa follow guys ! salamat :o)
What's the most courageous thing you've done up to this point?
Washington Redskins at Carolina Panthers kicking off at 1:00 PM ET #redskins #panthers #nfl (Via )
how's it going? Hope all is well.
I need more followers! Any Takers?
“: uh i did last week!! #IfOnly i didnt have to wake up from it ” haha I know right! Mine was SERIOUS. 👼
A bunch of you now have the theme from Hong Kong Phooey running through your head, don't you? And if you didn't before, you do now.
The cardio program I did tonight kicked my ass off to bed now! See you in the AM oh wait we are in the AM already! NIGHT! <3
I have no problem with HL printing their cartoon. I'm a big boy & its a cartoon. I can read stuff that upsets me & stay calm.
Oh you designed Re-Mission? Nice!
lol you really don't want her?
RT : It seems to be a law of nature, inflexible and inexorable, that those who will not risk cannot win.~ John Paul Jones
Why is it that I get so excited these days whenever I see someone on rollerblades? #supportthemovement!
sure if it's a day game.
Monday's Cool Cats question is on PBS KIDS page. Answer it correctly for a chance to win a prize pack from your friends at NCircle!
I don't need to hear you all tell me "I told you so" again. Just leave me the fuck alone.
Mean the WORLD to me if I got a follow back.. </3
Sang Neon Knights with Vinny Appice!!! Hell to the yes!!! \m/ \m/
Jess just bought Some manolo blahniks in NY. I'm retaliating by buying a red sox sweatshirt at bob's.
lol yes please! and thank you :D
2012 Goal #2: Get accepted into the Kona Ford Ironman via lottery bid. That's an easy one since it's outta my hands.
Boom! #Brewers RT : The L'Astros = the cure for what ails ya
Welcome to ATL - stop by CNN if you have a chance. All the best for your patents.
Saw some high-waisted orange jeans at Urban Outfitters that were giving the mannequin a camel toe. Wonder how many of those have sold.
Drive Me Crazy just became available. A reminder of our childhoods?
Please feel free 2 communicate w/me; i love humor as You can tell; YOU have my attention! Let me know if i can help You
This is gonna be one Hell of a Weekend.
Follow me for a S/O
awww....I swear your heart is just going to flat quit one day. U going to your appt?
Happy Birthday Frances Perkins! alumna, first woman in the cabinet, and namesake of one of the best movie character ever.
I think every development student interested in humanitarian work should study the Biafra case. Seriously.
Okay I think I followed every1 back BUT if I didn't tweet me and I will follow back (:
Hadn't seen that; thanks! I will add that to our collection of prior art.
I have no salad.
Hey what is up Dave? You around?
I never get hopeful with TT and free agents RT : Wait, what? Don't make me hopeful about a Clay/Mario tandem...
Exciting week here at Jack's Soap where we are finalizing our packaging designs! Can't wait for you to see.
I have the sweetest roomates ever! Suprised me w/ a giant homemade cupcake, gifts and homemade card!
Gearing up for Cub Scouts. I really don't have the energy to herd seven second graders tonight.
#BeenInLove wit him, he has had my heart frm the start... ..we have history!!
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable.
Can't wait to go to Claim Jumper in Opry Mills soon! Takes me back to my Colorado days!
Crocs are the simplest form of birth control ...
I may need to organize a showing of The Last Waltz in honor of Levon. Unless the Castro Theatre does it...
#ThatFeelingYouGet after a Shoe Shine. Ready to take on the #world! 👟👢👠👡
": My parents accused me of lying today.I lookd at dem & said "tooth fairy, easter bunny, santa claus" & walked away like a boss."
you are an amazing inspiration to me! Please follow? Thanks! TI AMO! <3 :)
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. Paul Tournier
The new demo is recorded. we're less than 24 hours from our 1st live #jamsession in 2012! Can't wait!
Would love to give a talk in Dubai. Anyone have any biz/tech/university contacts there?
you honestly are beautiful and so is your song <3
It makes me sad when tweets back people n I'm never 1 of them, people tell me to wait for the time to come, but when is it!
RTRT “: i'd rather get dumped than lied to.”
Poolside. Working on my summer glow. Lol
saw Makerbot here at CES, it's unbelievable in person. Such a clever idea and amazing implementation.
Thank you! I will pass it on to our #coffeelovers! We love hearing from you during #gettoknowyourfollowers week!
You are quite beautiful (based off your pics)
The trivia question was wrong....they forgot Mike Matheny
MIA forever the best..!!
Beautiful day, windows down, blasting music, tanning, and running outside. 💜 love this weather
ur 2 kind & u have my number :-)
Dan. It might help you to think of the > or < signs like alligator mouths, they are eating the number in the open part of the mouth.
ha... nope, totally my drink. I could pull off a Kristen tho... right?
FHA loans allow borrowers to receive their down payment as a gift from a relative.
Is this a book? or an article?
just got my ass beat on the ground...SAY WHAT?!
Checking out some Light Asylum thanks to a post I saw on LinkedIn from Eric is linking me in to new music
Lucky duck!
can we tweet?
Thank you! All handmade and designed... Took forever!!
Great Madison race now it's time for Paris Roubaix
Let it be.
"Trojan War" is definitely pantheon JLH.
Grumpy that I can't get a better spot to watch the game.
what up
This was a big #usguys event!Thanks all for the community support~~
I tbink im starting to get tbe hang of matb
what the hell is wrong with you lmao!
how mean is to me sometimes <<<
Look out ya'll, just ripped 40!
Walker promised jobs. He's almost half way thru his term. He got EVERYTHING he wanted. We got job loss.
Make that shoutouts! iPhone has the oddest auto correct
Who is coming out to the show tomorrow?! :D We better see y'all get down! Especially to "Self Made" :D Go wild!
Tonight, we celebrate.
#HugeJackman ": I get the feeling no one thinks #HugeAckman is as funny a play-on-words as I do. (cc: )"
My long hike after work changed from an awareness of the anatomy of the walk to one of the geography of the walk.
because i didnt get any
#Touchdown #Bruins!!! Waiting for the extra point!
Anytime, Honey! I'm one of those people that refuses to let ANYONE OR THING fuck with my serenity! Enjoy life to its' fullest!
39How to choose the best wooden rabbit hutch for your bunnies- wooden rabbit hutches
What do you mean by sleep? Get up! Get cracking!
feel you broski
So theres this boy. And he stole my heart. RT if someone has ever stolen your heart
Happy New Year everyone!
Visit our booth 5672 #CTIAW12 May 8-10th Reserve your spot for a demo of Current Analysis.
Dear dad- do u think watches oprah and cries?
Cam told me "You're such a Libra"... what does that even mean? Lol
Hi Ho, Hi Ho, it off to work I go, but I will not be happy in my work. To sick and sore.
#ImagineAustin *smiles* you:What? Austin: it's just that I'm the luckiest guy ever! You:why? Austin:because i have u! (: *Hugs*
Wit all these rappers calling themselves bitches I can understand why u niggas confused I grew up listening to real niggas
I left a long time ago there isn't much to do tonight
I've been very impressed with how Kentucky's responded to the pressure. You know, the pressure of playing for extra cash.
Cant wait til 2moro , chilln with my sis from another mother , You already know ,.
Ankle survived.
Hip hop artists speak out on the war — Originally published April 2, 2003
the Suburbs Sat interested?
And thanks to all the GF bloggers and students tonight!
Spilled Au Jus sauce on my keyboard earlier. This, in fact, does not make picures of Courtney Stodden taste better.
government was huge FHA gi bill interstate construction etc...
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do
Thomas Carlyle A good general not only sees the way to victory; he also knows when victory is impossible
Tip of the day: the internet is a great place.
#JustinBeiber trying to rap? #EPICFAIL Give up kid, because you don't pull it off.
At school bored!
Good luck tonight and I'll be there watchin ⚾
I wouldn't mind seeing Cotto drop Mayweather this round.
wonderful! So glad you enjoyed Locals' Night at CHI! :)
Kelly Clarkson will not blow the National Anthem, cause it will be prerecorded...Lipsync...but Love U Kelly!
Tyson texted me asking if I was busy tonight, I have a feeling he texted the wrong person.
Its go time tonight! Time to win this series and drop that magic number by 2.
Amazing! Congrats!!! “: Thrilled to say I'm moving to Dubai this summer to cover #Iran for Somebody pinch me!”
AlphaBeer is one month from today! RSVP to try a beer for every letter of the alphabet. http: //bit.ly/chiabiv
Christina most useless #Survivor ever? Alicia most blinded by ego?
Fuck the rangers
Its worth the time to check em out trust me .
Forgot you're from Cali! I grew up going to Spirit West Coast. Thanks for the kind words :) Tee's coming your way!
Leave #SameSexMarriage up to states is #BS! What about Womens Voting Rights, Interracial Marriage, the ADA Act, Civil Rights, Slavery??
- hah just saw your tweet. Were Jimmy or I within earshot? If so there's a 100% chance of a "that's what she said" response.
: is the greatest living turntablist. Gnarly to say the least.
WOOHOO!! RT : “: Good morning & Happy Monday people....”. And back atcha Coach! Have a great week!
No more testing :)
My birthday is almost over :( but its been a great day
where the heck are you?
Strange Clouds
Metta World Bad Decisions.
You can export citations to the clipboard and paste them wherever you need, but loses some of the robustness of Word.
I am a voice over actor see my website for more info and samples Ed Hawthorne www.hawthornesvoice.com
So cool RT Neiman Marcus launching location based app that pings users w/ deals when they walk into the store
Real Eyes , Realize , Real Lies . Open your eyes and realize who your real friends are because if all they do is lie their not real friends
lol what I tell you about pondn me off to ppl.
Never let life pass yhu by
Exactly. It's a complicated, hard-to-quantify profession that is trying to be quantified by many who don't understand it.
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason... then I realized I was thinking about you.
Watching brides maids with Sydney .
Yea I've been thinkin about him
oh how I miss have those on the Dvr.
Certificate (suitable for framing), public acclaim, and money
Pinkberry #Mandeville current flavors: Original, peach, coconut, chocolate, pom, mango
I miss my peoples Mann! I remember when everybody used to stay here those were the best times of my life.Now we are dismembered : (
You have got to be one of the sweetest people. I'm proud to be a fan. :)
Ha, Thanks, They took so many pictures, just happened to use the one i was in. I keep telling them I'm the eye candy.
las vegas
Juliet Simms Forever
Pet peeve of mine (sorry if this is you): people that refer to themselves as a genius, guru, sherpa, ninja, etc.
Shane needed to die. After so much backstabbing, and him wanting to steal Lori and Carl from Rick.. he had to go.
Only about 7hrs til its the weekend for me! And... its pay day!!! TGIF EVERYONE!
Great opening last night! Looking forward to round two!
Bad bi~$h n pink n yellow...club ESSO is jumpn lol
good just went shopping thank god hahaa! hbu?
i have 1 thats 10 min away! Omg same im in a relationship with food(:
This joke doesn't really work in Minnesota, does it.
USA USA USA! They are in the finals. Hope Honduras beat Mexico ;)
A two cellos version of "Smell's Like Teen Spirit" on my Mozart station is a
but I am
#ItsCrazyHow things change in a blink of an eye.
Giving you praise this morning God.
Let me know if you need help with your billing - billingcamp could give you a rapid kickstart
I know I should have known better, but the organic grape tomatoes from Trader Joe's taste terrible right now.
Hells Angels were the bouncers at the first north face store.
Thank you to Marlene and our Habit friends for a great night last night! Hope you all had fun! We did!
Yam yam thank you mame
Don't fly spirit air.
Must see The Secret World of Arrietty!
A5 The deal has nothing to do with targeting NASCAR fans, but reaching influence-makers that relate to her
Chad and I would of gotten a beer. Just saying ;) but we are ALMOST alcoholics.
It's very understated. I would wear it.
RT : A man with cancer caused by a radioactive spider bite dresses as Spiderman for a children's cancer ward. #logline pass
Good morning world 😊
Pedro E. Guerrero: Photographs of Modern Life Opening this Thursday, April 5th at Woodbury University Hollywood Gallery
start em young & start em right!
I go on twitter and i see myself posing on his background !! aye lol mine the biggest to ! :)
Million and 1 questions but
This dude with frazzled hair and short shorts looks like he drives a maroon van with curtains and coaches little league.
Every time I hear a Colbie Caillat song I think of (odd pairing I know)
& our horses will be making $$$ in NBA... Who knows what next yr will bring. Wish NCAA made them stay at least 2 years
Too sweet, Sam! Thank you!
oh gosh. I'm not too young. :o
Damn. Looks good guys. How's downtown today? It's dead on Planet Hawth. The rain planet.
Rise and shine
you're right near my work!! we should meet for lunch lattes some time :)
S/O goes to the ever so gorgeous ===> <=== for following back, What's good tho talk to me I talk back lol
Done. Cuz you said so.
how are u doin
I could definitely use a coke right now...
A Nightmare On Elm Street has been playing on repeat on my TV since Tuesday...
thinking of you today and sending strength
I really dislike Facebook which means a competitor has room to offer a better product.
Sushi, sushi, sushi...Yummy
Not my favorite, but I think Harriette Winslow is tremendously underrated. Original Harriette Winslow, not version 2.0.
DC bound for an early start to the weekend! Please send recos on where I can eat, shop and eat. Danka.
Hey! I saw you're going to the chicago concert. :D me too! where are you so lucky to be seated?
All my haters die slow & decay.
I agree, I do have fun. But my nerves get me sometimes. Good tip thx.
Please keep tweeting and RTing tweets about ! Every post counts!
cute cat!
I'm about to give up on this assignment man
Gotta tighten up that defense! And hit the glass harder. Miami is out working the Bulls on the glass.
I'm a cool cat, but i'm on life nine.
I like it in the butt
Yeah man. That joint is fire man. Catchy, lyrically sound, moving and spiritual.
“: I b bullshittin like nah Ima go home get dress & goo out 15 mins later Nah I'm tired; I'm staying in #notasyungasiusetobe”
Tomorrow is going to be 100° WHY DO I HAVE TO LIVE IN A DESERT
i love pasta parties with the track team :)!
Be the first to respond to the trivia question and receive 1 King Tut ticket! What year did Howard Carter discover the tomb of King Tut?
No, but I played a glock once in marching band.
I nominate "it's more complicated if it's smoked" as most enduring line of the evening
This weeks schedule: Weds @ Suite21, Fri. @ Aji Lounge, Sat @ E-Bar.
Nickel- to quarter-sized hail in Homewood.
Thank You so much ! Your so sweet ! :)
Since everyone's at school i'm gonna tweet to see if he replies.
I was there today, they have hundreds of suits
4G LTE on the new iPad! So far, rumors are proving to be true...
it's Tuesday. We're not moving it.
Can't stop drinking the coffee.If I stop drinking the coffee,I stop doing the standing, the walking & the words-putting-into-sentence doing.
late happy birthday! I meant to tell you sooner but oh well! #AdultFinally!
Don't we all...
Your application is really impressive. Good luck! RT : let's hope my Alt Press application has the same charm!
There are few things I have more of a love/hate relationship than week one of
I'm in a sassy mood for a new sassy Ped. Pal Foot Scrubby "Hm i really do like "Monkey slaps! Sweet w/some tart, but to the point
If someone can damage your ego or hurt your confidence in 140 characters, seek therapy.
Great show content today from Kordell Norton! Download the podcast later today if you missed it!
lets not minimize somebody elses #pain just because it is a minimal pain in our lives..#help is tangible,, #hope is emotional. first
We will get your name right. Just like you will blow up Sooner offenses for years to come.
I sense a slight bias.
If you're scared of spiders, you're more likely to find them in your room. I'M SCARED OF VINCENT CASTRONOVO. (;
On another note, why are Harold and kumar movies still being made?
When is the last time that J.D. recorded a hit? Was it in April?
And I will be the most ecstatic fan because I was the ONLY fan before five years ago when they were the sonics and drafted KD
Never forget: Today in 1945, Soviet troops in Poland liberated the infamous Nazi concentration camp complex collectively known as Auschwitz.
u claiming wiz name nd u dnt even smoke
what does colloquial even mean..
will be storm chasing in Kansas this weekend, so there will be no podcast on Saturday.
Okay, now this is the part I dont like about Cali--traffic
East Mountain at is open for the season! The freezing cold isn't so bad when you know their making snow in the Poconos:)
And If I Send You A Message ; You BETTER Answer It .
All he does is bash me on social networks... God forbid I do that though.
Asylum Blackout at Gateway next Friday wanna check it out?
H's GOOD MEN GOOD WOMEN & CTW's original treatment are as humane as they are effortlessly, unpretentiously intelligent. Like their makers
U.S. Sees Intellectual Property Rights Still Threatened
Ryan surprised me - we're going out to dinner tonight! Recommendations? Looking for something new, different, and delicious!
#ImSickOf this trend, can we get new ones?
its on a website somewhere. I downloaded a copy of it, but don't remember where.
Ohh, sweet baby jesus, for real!?!
Sean Yo: "Don't forget, Google is basically a screen reader; what is good for web accessibility is usually good for search engines as well."
too be honest your being a ass like honestly does so much for u an u cant even tweet or dm happy birthday too her
#RepFresen need your help to pass #SafeHarbor laws! www.kristihouse.org & help kids!
Dryers will be out soon in Talladega; hoping that the rain doesn't become a pain rest of the day
thank you!! Miles 11-13 were not my friend Haha. I now know what to expect though!
Michelle Obama & Dr. Jill Biden host #Mother's Day tea party at White House today.
It's a good day in Illinois when my Brewers beat the Cubs. Again. For the second day in a row.
well, best of luck to you too. don't worry too much.
Hey Kelsi I haven't seen you in a while how are you doing at UMKC?
Together we soar, social workers rock
every day. Ramen.
can't. stop. thinking. about. race. officially obsessed.
What good music are you listening to this Good Friday?
: The biggest news from the Apple event: the new iPad is simply called the new iPad
RT : That moron Terry appealing for offside.
thanks for the follow
My morning started out not too good- my afternoon is turning into something #fabulous!
Parnaby now gives up a 3 run bomb. #byu takes lead 6-3 now bottom 1st. Ricketts now in.
Happy Wednesday!
TOTALLY. To every word you said.
Hate is like a loaded gun, cruelness is a knife. Love is a bandage, encouragement is a lifesaver.
RT Exercise is labor without weariness. Samuel Johnson
Drummer, "I'm serious, the click track is slowing down every time I get to the chorus."
Next up... cost effectiveness of genetic testing on an individual basis
ur baby was born a day early. If u coulda held out a day then he'd share a bday with ur fav Ashley Judd. Congrats by the way
onto something with #HouseOfLies now just hope lives up to its reputation
I feel like it'd be a good thing for you to remember me by. Or just throw them away. Maybe I can meet you guys out after the game
You don't have to worry. No, you don't ever have to hide.
sad, can't even poor the ball in play at the end
Yea that why no one fuck with us
I see you fam it's ya boy Big Lex aka Al/lov L.O.D. do that thang fam get @ me
All you gotta do is miss me.
IM FLIPPING SHIT. BRO. I NEED JUSTIN BIEBER ALREADY. ALSKDJDHSNANA
They better give me something for waiting for so long
RT : When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
Yep, thats why they call it "practicing" (Doctor: I practice medicine)
no ideas right now...wanting to read some twilight zone stuff
Brian Legette () is up to speak about ZeroChroma,LLC.
the eye of the jellyrage
I called it... Dallas in 6
The single most important thing in life is focus. A key to maintaining powerful focus is to have direction from mentors, coaches & friends.
#DLHQ Remember less editing,bigger ratings.
Haha our house is so massively big, mom has to call my cell phone to call me. If she yells, I won't hear. :P
Different era, different media, different pop culture.
#143143 n Nadia is my name
My neck is a little sore, need a massage. Been whipping my hair back and forth with Truman!
Muppet of a Man
Lent my friend the book "Occult Anatomy and the Bible." by Corinne Heline. Really good. Ordered "Tarot and the Bible."
What the! Why Kit is crying? I can't wait for tomorrow!
no me gusta~
My Grammie too! RT I wish my Grandma Roz and I would have been in our 20's at the same time. She was my BFF from another generation.
nah, his mean 'ol boss wouldn't let him go... :-)
arriving at the premiere of #follies at with !
Fantastic! You'll love it :)
#Wait vs
yes percussion with my knife!
lmao ... but its so beautiful ... lmao im weird i cant stop laughing
You got rain? We got umbrella hats!!
lol well im lost and have no idea what to do lol
Really enjoyed your segment on KSR. Good luck with the show!!
You got it buddy, just turn in your brackets. The pay out is hickeys from a dirty whore & airbrushed precious moments t-shirts.
Media Conference Call: Tensions in the U.S.-China Relationship
Wow, You so hit that on the head! I needed that.
I consider myself more of a sweats and Birkenstock's writer.
I like it cause its true. #MittsUnfit RT: : I like it as a meme.
Foligno and McNabb the future leaders of the tough new le'core
Anyone out there as excited about Sunday as us?!
In related news...we are less than a month away from more Yuengling.
nice. I used to run whores out of that house..
#thatakwardmomentwhen you use the same twitter joke as thousands of other accounts on twitter"
Quick trip down Memory Lane for kicks: last year's #Autism Summit
wiil put you in direct contact with top earners.We are global and building this personally. www.thegreatproduct.com/dou... -douggieb
lol @ tweet everybody the way you want to be tweeted!
Traffic has not moved at all for at least 20 minutes.....
just cleared space in my room for your poster. RT THIS IF YOUR HAND HURTS FROM SINGING ALL OF THEM <3
The semi trucks are here, and Fiddler on the Roof is being loaded in to Popejoy!
PPR Nate Washington or Reggie Wayne??????
Fuck, I want you
RT : RT : CRYSTAL CLEAR CAREERS- Change - Change can be a good thing: With Crystal Clear Career Clarity...
Glad you enjoyed the cider!
Back in DC, missing the great State of Texas and all its glory #fb can't believe I missed out on :( :(
I see is down.
- I feel you with that Stella.
Just had a nerdgasm realizing that and are both local!
I'm gonna make you beg for it.
shorter : don't go to college; stay stupid and vote republican.
lol if you so nice can you give me a massage :)
RT : Everybody goin to Vegas huh.... <-- That seems to be the move
wants to go a day without hearing anything about Sarah Palin!
Thank god I got off early tonight! 😓
you are increadible to me i will always love you no matter what happens just know you got that loves you !
Mike Aiken Lands Underwriting Deal with Takamine Guitars.
GAMEDAY!!! Coach Alexander and the FINS host Wagner TONIGHT at 630pm from John Sessions Stadium! Come out and watch some baseball
Together we shall become the most community oriented medical school in the nation.
best part of watching on tv: the horrified reaction shots from the TV audience when she talks about cheese
Q10. Ways to make extra money while traveling?
Holding this timeworn shard. Simple roughness & primitive beauty. I feel the spirit of the Ancients. We are the caretakers of their world.
Don't forget to turn off your iron when you are finished pressing your clothes!
good ideas in dinning,shopping, and partying in 9 major cities in america await you on my website at www.kingarthurspassport.com
take lots of photos.
ck out our music web site
DUB-STEP, HOUSE , TOP 40, INSIDE COCO XO !!! JULIO DJ IN THE VIDEO MIX!! ASK FOR THE MANNY SPECIAL=NO COVER+FREE APPETIZER+ COMP CHAMPAGNE
You are always so gracious. You should have been nominated, also.
Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 11!!!!!! moving on up!!!! Got a new track coming be on look out "SO SPECTACULAR" By Lyrical Trilogy...
The easiest diet ever is - Try it….you’ve already tried everything else right
Sickening. RT : At a Rick Santorum event at a shooting range, as Santorum fires into a target, a woman shouts "Pretend it's Obama."
good food trucks need good eaters and we thank you for it!
>>>MLM News! Fuel Saver Group( New Company Listing )
I didn't see Hex. Is is entertaining on any level?
JUSTICE for #KELLYTHOMAS NOW!! STOP #HATE CRIME AND cops who MURDER #homelesshumans ! praying 4 u Thomas family! -john
jesus, im waiting on someone to leave my room and you are all getting a pic of my (covered) ghetto booty .. so pfffft i say!
probably several times. So far for sure this friday to sunday and for spring graduation
do you guys know about ?
0hglory thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Met and chatted with Gabby Sidibe's mom last night. She performs every Saturday night in the Herald Square subway station.
don't assume things that you don't even know
People change, memories don't.
There is no way to happiness - happiness is the way ~ Wayne Dyer
Great day with 3rd graders and diving into U.S. Presidents! Looking forward to more adventures tomorrow!
you're my life♥
Funniest baking experience EVER!! My cousin Olivia got her hair caught in the mixer!! Smh.
1;00am i gots school tomorrow :/ but...IT'S FRIDAY FRIDAY GOTTA GET DOWN ON FRIDAY :D
Hello South Miami, we are listening the feedback, some adjust to the menu will be done, Brown Rice is coming.....!!!.
When it comes to life be selfless,when it comes to men be selfish,give them the left overs of time and affection that your LIFE doesn't need
Pewaukee to by 7:00am on Monday, best route & how long? Thanks for the help :+D
Thanks! Hope to see you at the talk! Really looking forward to RootsTech. :-)
Ok, why am I addicted to "The Bachelorette"...I like Emily
It's 1 of those days when you wanna say, "Guess how good my day was?! Guess how good my day was?!" but know you'd just annoy people.
thanks! That was Big Shoulders out of Chicago.
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
FaithPerez4 thanks for following me on Twitter!
Pick me 5 more until my 1000th career win! I'm giving a twitter follower a signed winner circle picture & goggles when it happens
Any suggestions on where to live or not live in Los Angeles?
Lying to me isnt going to solve anything especially when I know you're lying.!
“: I hate when you look up a question on yahoo answers and those cunts write something like "Do your own work"” omfg my life ._.
I'm crazy about the cover of April Bloomfield's book myself.
from your lips to god's ears
hahah you have really lighthearted funny tweets :D i like it!
True he def is!
#Libra MB guy of the day: Roc
babe, I can't watch da video.):
ily!!! I'm so proud of you ! & even though I'm stuck in the fiu garage I still can't believe u graduated.😳👌❤👏
Not a good week for my man His tards and now Steelers. Hope his son doesn't have a game this week
come on out with me and Jeff one night. Jump right in with both feet ;) lol
I eat chickfila fries like everyday, except Sunday of course.
I am actually enjoying my lasagna! Missing school today!!!! :) I'm still sick...
TRUE confidence leaves no room for JEALOUSY, so when you know your that GREAT you don't have time to HATE <3 >;]
#Manning really screwed up the AFC East QB scene! The #Dolphins have no one and now #Sanchez has #Tebowmania breathing down his back
checking twitter on the way to something else and find & debating short-lived tv. I love you guys.
I love the wild, freeform process of creating a show with I'm so excited to see #NIGHTSWEATS pull together. -
I never knew there was such thing as a kissing. Day.
4 years ago right now I was crying on our drive to live in MKE. I had no idea how much those 2+ years would change my life forever.
I don't want this day to end.
Nero is the new dubstep sound that I'm digging!!!!!
Peace in between my sheets.
Final reminder: "The Neverending Story" midnight screening at the Nuart (originally this Friday) has been moved to Nov. 4 due to Carmageddon
I think u should really trademark "Jack in the Box Recruiting Artist." This is getting fun. cc:
cameo in Otis video was classic!!
& it's not even his birthday...
LOL WEL IF SHE SAID THAT THEN YOU NEED TO TAKE THEM OFF OR LIL WILL GONE HVAE TO COME UP THERE N GET YOU
writing YDG?! in my moms mothers day card because we both love >>
Let them sit a couple of days bc they weren't quite ripe yet. Thanks for the smoothie suggestion!
Dear , I expect child support or else I WILL see you on !
RT : Dogs arguing that nihilism expresses the most virtuous, practicable utopia, and citing the nearest object as evidence.
Curious about OpenGrounds? Come check out the #OGStudio today during Open Hours from 830-1130am! (located in The Corner Building)
my mother doesn't like my hooker heals.
Thanks for the good words, and for the notice on your twitter feed!
"What does this button do?" "I dont know, just press it"
I could give people the link to my story if you want :)
I thought It was follow 4 follow lol
After Black Keys & drinks for our "team building" event, Maryam said "I think our team has been built".
This is why I adore that gorgeous man known as
A vote for me is not a wasted vote... but I will waste you if you don't. That's a promise I will keep.
They ARE disappointed! Reporting while hanging on to a lamp post looks great for their reels.
or... just hang out for hot chocolate... tea... scotch... whatever. I need to get some air. Consumed w/ stress RE his health
I can't..but that asymmetrical halter top is fab
Twilark, thank you. I love your fabulous one line poems. Beautiful and comforting.
Please please please tell me that Justin and Selena didn't break up!
Stoked for City Arts and Lectures lineup to benefit 826. Joyce Carol Oates...swoon.
Happy #FF! First shout goes to #nsvfsummit speakers:
can you eat some for me as well, since I can't make it?
yeah, if we can get this studio booked! :)
I'm on my money making mission
You always look great, 2D or 3D. That is a great picture!
Man I've been so sensitive today...dnt like this
Your welcome. It was a very interesting article.
yea i noticed recently americans don't like to use spoons. weird.
That was a pretty kickass episode of #madmen. Very impressed.
Paul Konerko is a professional hitter.
God thanks u 4 another day! I love u!
I want Ariana to be the first celebrity I meet.
#Big Shoutout to Casey Therriault JSUs former white Quarterback signing with Atlanta Falcons. Welcome to A-Town Therriault
awwweeee! Explains a lot
Hahahahaha!! Thats fucked up. RT : Mexico is so beautiful. Maybe theyll finish it one day.
there releasing a brand new album real soon , i dont remember when tho
The only really disappointing aspect of this LA visit has been not seeing Darrel from Storage Wars even once.
When was MJ arrested for rape? Nothing to clear his name from. Everyone knew he cheated.
Enjoyed playing at #Holland Park in #Fishers with the kids on this beautiful day!
my legs are so sore, i can barely walk... waaah.
they made me do the line up thing to see who did it n i freaked out when i saw him
don't suffer ; truely young
definitely not!
Thanks for following, A! Let us know if there is anything we can do for you!
Dear John definitely makes me cry everytime 
I don't want to wish my life away but wow, I'm glad this Monday is over!
hey lady...have you started our book yet?
Finna K.O
Early Check-in. We're very excited for our new residents!
Mother fuckers just don't understand
Props to Lob- I mean Comeback City!
RT : thanks everybody for the warm words re my new position as co-editor of RWW / we
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
oh girl I'm sorry for all that traffic!
I Wnt call/text none of them no mre.
Eat Pray Love. Just don't go to India.
Don't believe a word that I haven't heard, little children laughing at the boys and girls
it was beautiful!
Haha she is n that's one of the reasons why I love her butt=)
Lucked out, no jury duty tomorrow!
Or is it use to facebook.. I think its the latter.. I suck mucho big time
There is a good possibility that Mike Seidel and John Clayton are the same person.
I think Wednesday, the 22nd will work - meet around 6 somewhere? DM me deets.
Once someone says "STOP",there is always #thatoneperson that feels the need do it...."Hammertime!"
Now hiring all shifts! Stop in today for info and an application.
Happy Easter Everyone! Eggs and Chocolate for Everyone!
Finally its nice out
lol where do you live
41% of French men and women admit to having taken part in group sex.
I'd like to see you impersonate That would be a site to see!
's Spanish dancing made my life. Plus is Colombian and so am I, woot woot !!
follow back please?
I'm so depressed... my glasses broke :'(
Got that right. He's pretty talented.
Pleased the man at the hardware store sided with my methods over my husband's shortcuts.
Usually theyre pretty quick? RT : My driver took the long way, but the bottled water here is chilled so
tweet tweet, I dig the bird... but they're all great!
McKenzie Eddy & Co getting ready to sound check for tonight's Tillman Blu
I won't be able to make it this weekend. Good luck on your show!
i cant watch without smileing :)
I have a feeling it's one of those apps I've granted permission to use my twitter, though. :(
lol! Too funny! How's everything? Any new projects? I'm on episode 32 now, 18 to go. So much to learn, its crazy lol.
Hurray! Happy for reunion with This time I WILL make your morning yoga class.
no one :P
If you feel that you have both feet planted on level ground, then the university has failed you.Robert Goheen.
RT : ALL OF MY BITCHES.
we did IVF too!
G's up Hoes down if the bitch can't swim she gon' drown
“our choices are not between richness and poverty or between fame and obscurity. Our choice is between good and evil.”
ios5.1 simulator is naked, literally
^ Parent/Child relationship is a two way street-both participate in speaking & listening-otherwise it isn't a relationship but a...
TONIGHT! Does Public Sex Matter? Petite Mort Q&A with Carlos Motta & Billy Miller 6-8pm.
it's gone put up or shut up,& you know we love to put em up
Charles Augustus Lindbergh Jr.~ To a person in love the value of the individual is intuitively known. Love needs no logic for its mission.
" almost half time you wouldnt make it in time!!
Why rnt u just texting me? Wht r u doing
I guess this means you are one of the tn librarians going to legislative day ;) who else is going?
Just rode home in a cop car. LONG STORY now that shit
Megan Harris hits in Byxbee and Cavaliers extend lead to 2-0 after 4 complete.
You know its week one of the college football season when Virginia Tech is beating Appalachian St. by 53 points!
I don't know about that but you are welcome. I thought the comments after the article were most interesting.
5 minutes devoted to the non-issue with the Vikings? Really ESPN, why devote so much time to Brett Favre being an asshole, yet again?
: I'm saying that it's better than not having it on TV at all. I don't think there is any way it would be on after 5 p.m.
why do we keep putting off the little things when it feels so GOOD to get them done?
NM Jazz Stories with Patty Stephens starts @ The Cooperage @ 7pm!!!
Roads at the house are flooding
HUGE shout out to all of the #Dell team who helped pull off #dellworld...phenomenal job!!!
oh it wasn't bashing. A little affectionate teasing; mostly about how LA was represented in pop, not the city itself.
Health Fair today at Procopio, Cory, Hargreaves and Savitch law Firm....
One more Flying Skittle for
So happy for you...should be fun!
she was there for two weeks and called in all the time then just walked out and quit :/
thanks for the #C5 s/o! You're spot on bout logo n cups. How you been man?
Yes! Like a prayer!
There is a $999.99 App in the iTunes store!
That was definitely a top 25 Cardinals moment. But players who get paid to be on the DL don't make the cut for top players.
Im so girly sometimes. O: lol
Please, what is that cool retro guitar you play?
I'm going to steal the rest of your chipotle
sweatpants, old man slippers, oatmeal face mask, state of the union address, laundry
yaaaaaay you're hitting the gym! :)
back on my music grind, new music and videos soon
I didn't win the lottery, I guess I'll see yall at work tomorrow.
Props to for having the best #RealEstate #Branding I've seen in #SanDiego I love the pink and the support of animals!!
"Just do it and do it and do it and do it...!"
Tim Duncan has not changed his game once in 14 years he has been balling
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it. - Buddha
Why do bad things happen to my family!! #Praying for my grandpa!!:'(
PLEASE JOIN US TODAY for our 1 year anniversary! FREE GRAB BAG worth over $25 with $30 donation! Full Updated Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy :D
Hey - Did we meet tonight?? Let's hook up a show some time.. Cheers!
hey looking for songwriters for your artist
I saw your bro on Saturday he was hilarious
My hope and prayer is that everyone know and love our country for what she really is and what she stands for. ~ John Wayne
I have work to do, and I'm procrastinating... I'm Ms Cranky Pants tonight
Even my lip gloss is cold n its suppose to b that good stuff with shea butter
hah, yes, may have to try it at some point when I get time.
This girl is so stupid seriously>:/
- one of the best places to record is inside a newer'ish model car. Like a nice, dead sound booth all sealed up tight!
Your music is fantastic. I absolutely love it. (:
Whew! Finally done....I have a new respect for people who build houses...Time for a nap!
SWAMP COOLER TIP: When you turn your cooler on, tun on the water pump a few minutes before turning on the fan. ABQ call 719-217-8546
Inspire. Some people really inspire. :)
I love A Daydream Away. I'm not a big fan of Return the Favor. It's too P!ATD for me. But other then that AMAZING.:)
thank u!!
angel food cake for all?
DRIP drip drop is the water running??
it must be fun to be an NBA head coach
promise ring my butt ... you know who i'm talking boutt. SMH.
Back at work after being sick for a week... Fun times.
what did u say
4 different representatives (1 great one named rose!) and an hour later the issue is finally resolved. wont be returning to
Today is election day in Colorado. Did you vote?
pretty sure we are the only people in fredericksburg under the age of 60
I'm dressed as Sailor Moon. Aren't you proud, Mom?
Everyone loved Year 3000 and Burnin' Up.
waitin for quitting time!
| Knock, knock...please call when time allows.
You bet! Would love to see what we can do for you. Let me know who to chat with or
welcome back! Let's hang soon
Epicom customer Matt Davidson from USAFact is presenting on using CRM mobile to drive sales, operations, and user acceptance at
Dis old lady sittin behind me keep fanning her book sayin niggaz smell like weed 😂😢😂 #
I love you <21
super fun - enjoyed hanging with old buddies in new places. wish I had Mexico knowledge but don't - vibing fun times your way
"I bought that beer!" "son, we don't sell pitchers!"
so trynna to figure out wat to do for mii bday today
