Sucks how some of us can't friends.
My vote is going for Wyclef Jean to become the new president of Haiti if he can only get The Fugees back together again.
“Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one” - Benjamin Franklin
Curious about the new serial, but didn't see a mention in the editorial. Is this a reprint? How many installments? etc.
When is the huge retirement party? You deserve it!
That is very true. All I know is that there should be better regulations on them so that those who do need it receive it.
Job Opening, We are hiring a Social Media Coordinator Web Content Provider in the Philadelphia Area, anyone interested??...
I swear the random things I find in my room -_-
Some people are just like summer .. NO CLASS. 😒
with bestiee I love you !(:
Today is one of those turn office light on-off every 10 minutes and put on sweater on-off every 5 minutes day - needs to make up its mind!
I'm visiting Concord in a few weeks...do you have tap room hours during the week??
Come see my art show if you're at the Downtown LA Artwalk tomorrow: Main & 4th,
Acting & Dancing is the only I love to do :D
Sad to see Green Bay women's steak come to an end. What a run!
On the train on my way back downtown again.
If you wait until all the lights are "green" before you leave home, you'll never get started on your trip to the top-- Zig Ziglar
Took my last final next to the alcoholic-stunk so bad
NOM! NOM! did you like it?
I'll make sure they perform for u next time u come down lmao
haha I'm not sure that's really the point :) Hi, by the way! Say hi to the nms-ers for me!
You are what you think. You are what you go for. You are what you do. -Bob Richards
Thank you for a year of early Friday mornings - drinking good coffee and teaching me the gospel.
HAHA my b
yes Sir!!!
The very first Olympic race, held in 776 BC, was won by Corubus, a chef. #odd facts
BUt your not gonna BREAK my SOUL !!!!!
**Correction** #FF !!!! Big supporter of Bluey Robinson AND funniest person ever ;D lol
Wifey bringing home dinner from
Where are people eating dinner? I'm going to try Safe House tonight with Hope I remember the password.
Sigh. Youngest son is having a drama moment over his homework. Again.
Hey! It was awesome to meet you guys yesterday!
Van der Sar: Ferguson will lead United to derby success - CNN
Was immigrated as a child, flung into this culture am only here to converge..
you left me in tears tonight... Castle & Becket, finally...
Are you adding Food Truck Follower to your resume?
Just got home from coachella and already have to get to work, shooting for in a few. tomorrow.
got a couple of compliments...
You the jelly man
American fathers are spending more than twice the time with their children than they were. Experts say it’s due to a new trend- unemployment
The 'Word' is powerful, Francene I look forward to seeing your insight-tweets from this experiment!
Small offense. LBJ once pee'd in a congressman's desk ornament to est. dominance. Politics is the essence of crude.
HOW SO MANY FOLLOWERS????????
I hope she ain't gay. That would be tragic.. Lol
I am going to use my recent experience with in my next book about poor customer culture. I hope they survive unlike
i just want to punch my little brother and sister in their throats. i can't wait 'til they both have jobs and have to get up early.
2 more days until Christmas!! Can't believe it!
Coffee and aleve are broken. Started reading an article I thought headline said "Police respond to shouting on east side"
My bf ex's is such an attention whore ! I can't stand that !
hey.. that's awesome!! now, whadja do?!
Same Here ! XD
I was flipping through the Victoria's Secret catalogue and now I have a craving for ribs.
Alabama Shakes: the real soul deal: Admired by Hollywood royalty, the rabble-rousing Alabama Shakes are doing fo..
Panda Express is my friend. 🍱🍜🍚
okay be outside ok plz
If you are in Maryland come see our latest Flyer Fit designs by Martin Flyer at Smyth Jewelers in Annapolis….
Thank you so much for listening! Keep in contact, we'll be releasing a new song soon!
Such a great movie! I recommend sarah's key! A lot of reading, but it was great!
Windows down pounding faded-tyga
Don't blink! Rangers Score!! 1-0
is one of our favorite bars in the world! They have many specialties, but their infusions are truly incredible.
I love the song beautiful ppl #chrisbrown but not as much as WMYB
YES! you have a working oven and stove don't you? I smell a cooking lesson event coming on!
I said "come with me" and he followed me out of the church. We sat down on a bench and I asked him "what do you see, he replied "people!"
I'm a Vikings fan...so yeah...it's comin....
the fact I'm coding a website that's in Portuguese just shows how wide open South America is for web development.
whats your number???
finished it you wanna see? ;)
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MAMA MAHONE! ❤❤ you are and always will be an amazing mom to austin(:
32 degrees at my house.
woah!!!! Weird! Mine was ok yesterday! Sorry - let us know if It gets resolved!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SELENA :)
RT Hello ! Our senior Architecture and Design curator Paola Antonelli is now on Twitter!
Our new background on our Twitter page is Triple OG.
Dear lady that ordered a venti white choc mocha with a shot of vanilla syrup & extra whipped cream but make sure it's skim milk: *face palm*
feel better!
Parade Prep is underway. Come celebrate Milwaukee's Irish heritage on Saturday, March 10 at noon in Downtown Milwaukee!
Praying like never before
Yup lol I just it for a bit, but then I remembered my password again. So how've you been? How's twitter been? LOL
#CAFcruise backing out and getting ready to go
Wackin some balls around w/ oh and is a skunk
Dawson's creek! Keep em comin!
you're too kind. It's all the guys in the chapter. I just keep em on the road as needed.
You smell bad. Go away. D:
Welcome! It would be great to see you soon!
: "Positive thinking without excellent doing is the pursuit of delusionists.”
Finally settled in our new offices for Defined Publishing - 925 Luna Circle NW, Albuquerque, NM 87102. This is where the magic happens for…
I said things that later on seemed to be untrue
Welcome to the playoffs Landry Fields.
A really great French roast from Peet's , a gritty jazz playlist, & a to do list 74 mi.long. I'm officially back on the grind.
Wine tasting tonight!!
This is just getting silly
Today's #dailythanks: the kindness of strangers and working from home.
c) forget the others and get a district.
the small things are the important ones
If Jeremy Lin, Tim Tebow, Eli Manning, Derek Jeter walked into a bar in NYC for Beer/Diet Coke who would be served first?
haha just saying P and O are quite a ways from C and A ;)
She moves like I pray. Like the only one watching. Is God, I mean me.
I've decided that programming in Flash is just a big puzzle. You just keep trying different pieces of code until the darn thing works.
what a kick in the a$$
Why thank you!
atta boy. Where?
Third day at the Writer's Conference in Denver. Author U rocks?
I'm a manly muppet!!!
is re-opened officially. Excited. If I had a babysitter, I'd be there now. Good luck guys!
Projects behind, contracts expired, not profitable. But still doing far more than required in the contract....scope creep!
"No problem can be solved by the same consciousness that created it. We need to see the world anew." Albert Einstein
New Summer B Haitian Creole language and culture course at UF: "Haitian Creole for Disaster Relief, Humanitarian Aid, and Development".
Everyone stay tuned, we'll have another contest for the next orientation session!
We're a collaborative consumption / p2p connecting food lovers to chefs. #p2p #sxsw If you're a chef, reach out to us!
About to call it a night
slipped some dilla in at my fancy-party-solo-piano-gig. I doubt anyone here has heard of him, but now they've heard some of his music
Hey Chicago! We'll be in Elgin, IL tomorrow! Are we gonna see anyone?
Instagram and Facebook in talks about making experience better.
I passed out at like 11:05
#THATCamp Columbus campers: expect an email soon with details on parking (it's free!), post event meetups, and more!
Whats with all of the dumb cat skits?
The slip roll on the Pioneer DJM 2000 is dope!
got put into a bad situation. Have faith.
We need to hangout, old friend!!! :)
Lmaolmao. :P I'm not the only one tweeting! (x
never gonna use it outside of school
FYI Pete's Tavern should have the press game on tomorrow near AT&T park : What's good San Fran??
you just might.
Are you really gonna be like that and act like its not an analogy? C'mon, man…you're better than that.
June 1st Need To Hurry Up!
watching wizards on disney channel
Selena is in the latest issue of People for her perfume! :)
Reviewing my #SXSWi notes- favorite quote: "The future of marketing is philanthropy" via Biz Stone, co-founder of
it's only been one day..
You make me smile :)
#ladygaga Lady Gaga should be the Halftime performer at the 2013 Super Bowl <3
I'm bout to renew it tomorrow!
Go Thunder!
haha I just got out :D
Ira Glass owning Mike Daisey is insane.
m dat face
How the fuck am I gonna get my bamboozle tickets? 😠
word on the street is he dont get high like the rest of em'
Way to go !! #Grammy winner!
go ahead... foloow me!!
Driving our cats to their new home in PA :)
well its hard to pass up when its so close!
building a Flash mp3 player. Thanks for the help, gotoAndLearn.com!
The offers keep pouring in for Homestead's Luke Worthington (6-8). Leigh, Greensboro and Citadel offered Thursday evening.
cute skunk? :) they can look cute - sounds fun!
Sunday is the shoot date!!!!!!
bored af waiting
Watchin' Mr. & Mrs. Smith... Big fan of Angela Jolie, N' Brad Pitt.. they make a great couple...
Man I Love you Big Vince and you wife seems so cool
thank you
I purchase Chronicle books for our library. Any library relationships within your community?
The #AtlantaHawks are looking really good; I did not expect this.
thank u!
Send Word Now Communications -Notification of the Year Finalist! #dri2012 Come by booth #101 May 20-23 and join us!!!!
Random fact #5 He started YouTube june2010 with his bestfriend
You can give a damn, but you can never ever give a fuck.
I'm undersexed.
The owner "saying" he was giving it up, is totally different then the company taking it over.
I'm all over that!! It'll be my birthday present and I'ma act a stone cold fool when I hear Devils Pie.
love updating my Google contacts & calendar on my laptop & having automagically update my phone & Vice Versa. Goodbye Outlook.
The characters received closure to their stories (for the most part). The show was really about these relationships.
Do we even have a vice president? You never hear about or see Joe Biden anywhere.
I'm watching BET Christmas. It's ok.
Lol thank u i appreciate it but.. no thanks
Ok Lakers won everybody can stfu talking about the game now :P
Relevant messaging via Cross-Channel Marketing built on Consumer DATA should be *the focus* for next 10 yrs. at
I had no idea Bob Dole was still alive.
Sneezing really hard in a packed elevator makes for an awkward ride
Everyday - it seems - is on TV delivering a speech. &, everytime it is on the East Coast or Midwest. What about the West Coast?
few more days until you're 19 your not going to be a teenager anymore are you happy?
Day 2 of the #comedyintensive complete--exhausted but exhilarated!
Can Berkeley use your tweet in a promotional video we are producing?
Congratulations, Dr. Hui!!
Kind of wished they hadn't added Natalie Dormer to the cast of 'Game of Thrones.' Mainly because she can't lower her eyebrows.
So far, The only rock show is on March 2. Keep an eye on us for more announcements early this year!
Your ducks will never be in a row. The stars will never align. It will never be the perfect time. Quit waiting. Get going. #makeithappen”
Lots of fun hearing Gloria Steinem last night. Still so lithe and glam.
: I'm just looking out for my future children when I'm trying to find someone beautiful to mate with
As a tech consultant myself here in DC, feel free to ping me as a possible resource...
Sitting in on #SpringMEG2011 conference to hear keynote from Howard Putnam, former CEO of Southwest Airlines.
"Wake op fishy" -Darla ^-^
OH! You should Definitely be paranoid!! Its a conspiracy:D
Can't take anything away from #Giants they played very well. #patriots were a few pitch and catches away from a #SB46 victory
Big win tonight for UW, first road win of the year. Tomorrow is another day but we need another W.
So porque eu 20pegar U.U
Church @ #Agape & #dance class! Celebratin my soul!
Goodmorning ppl headed to the park to walk day One
I don't think you'll hear many rumors before the draft lottery, but I could see the Nets or Hornets having serious interest
Tonight its goin down inside club empire...everyone 21+ free all night and $2 u call it all night...don't miss out!!!
Bitch I'm the best-est friend anyone could ask for.
Fame bruh!!! I can find love later!!!!
I incorporated HIIT training into my spin class last night...a regular told me after class I should throw that mix out b/c it was SOO hard:)
DUDE... Will Ford help you??
"Orde-Lees confined his excursions to skiing on the horizontal plane," writes honourary reorbit , "and chitchatting to whalers."
I don't even know if they have that. They definitely don't have tacos. Much less Thank You Tacos.
We have Darren Brenessel from LSD Enigma on the phone! #supportlocalmusic on
Chanel resort collection runway show
Watch the sun come up this morning!!! Such a beautiful thing!!!
Me too
Why're you so buff?
Happy New Year tweeps!!!!!
The more the merrier. Will be a great time Go
9 million hooligans 👌
Cockiness , persuasion . . you can lick and suck ALLLA thatt. .
"Welcome : Philly."
Live tweeting from Civic Center in San Diego as #occupysd organizers rouse crowd. Labor #Union leaders are pumping up crowd of a few hundred
Great party bro lol!
* Quietly removes self from soapbox.
all smiles:D
I love when people say that we don't talk much as we used to...but when I text them or.something, I just hey ignored.......cute.
omg really?! O: ughh I love him! where do you work? Blake is cuter but I have room for Jimmy (; haha
Ok my Facebook friends what is the best CRM system for iPad and iPhone ?
Good Game Pat..Have a God Sun. Bro...
Me too": MAN IM TIRED AS HELL"
I'm going to leave that alone!!! “: whatever u ain't bout that life lol”
Sitting in Gatwick and preparing to return to eastern time zone by day's end. Yes, office hours tomorrow.
Girls, always remember: You are smart enough and beautiful enough to never be taken for granted and to never be anyone's second best.
Slow yo roll pump them brakes
Upper right corner of the U.S. lol. If you know where California is, right above that haha.Really? I bet its beautiful tho
tea is the new coffee
What charitable group or association would you love to give extra support to this week?
ICKY! heheheh. I love it!!
are those wireless ear buds??
Me: Wanna meditate with me later? Him: Is that short for "Suck my cock?"
Just heard the rough mix of our Wandering Star cover in the studio. Dark and raw, and the (live) beat sounds amazing.
#foramilliondollars you could get a LOT of flowers.
ik! Like I wanted to say something about something with the Democratic party but andrea snapped and I was like....well dang i
Life is moving fast, where the fuck do all these minutes go?
Can't wait for Justin's new single to come out!
Oh hey. That was the CLOSEST to an actual show choir performance they've done!! Finally!
Happy for you, Chris. You seem very nice!
It smelled weird, but I decided to be adventurous and try something new. BAD MOVE.
Determination gives you the resolve to keep going in spite of the roadblocks that lay before you. -Denis Waitley
Congrats, Ryan!
haha next time! ;) M thinking about heating sum up right now... hahaha jp
2D QR bar codes. Let them know what to expect.
Thank you!
I wanna take a shower so bad. Been travelling the past 12 hours and will land in Singapore in the next few hours.
RT : we got a ustream today at 6pm EST with pizza, ninja turtles and from TUNE IN TURN ON
yeah they are talking about it cuz it's been mt since 08. The city owes like 40 mil on it yet tho
Hey, I just met you And this is crazy But I have alzheimer's Hey I just met you
Home Sweet Massachusetts!
b BrazilLovesAustinMahone b
you could have came :)
Just have to wait for May 7th I guess! ;) I'm not giving anything away.
....big girls r fun, but they just can't run is what somebody said 2 me this morning!!!!! Hahahahahahahahahahah!
I don't joke bigfoot, I don't know how to.
still can't find my contact in the depths of my eye.
: Love heals even the deepest wounds.
You're not helping me sell this, man.
no, i already have dinner plans :/ this weekend? or next tuesday?
Great night last night to celebrate homecoming of two good friends for the weekend! So blessed with all the great people in my life!!
I just want a really fucking attractive, sweet, nice guy who likes the same bands and is equally as retarded, to walk into my life. Like now
#ItsAmazingHow The late Tim Russert elevated "Meet The Press" to must-see TV on Sunday mornings & how his death has devastated NBC News.
Flickr's problem is its middle-road nature. It's not pro enough for real pros, and it fumbled casual mobile sharing.
I would love nothing more than to clean your dirty cock!
my cousin Raquel makes 18 on this month too awesome!!!! xD
if the reds lose tomorrow do u see the firing dusty and brook jacoby? because the owner has no patience.
Hm someone needs to mind their business
just watched my second Jennifer Aniston movie in four days... should I be concerned?
Ready For next year (:
Wow...feeling really daydreamy today.
I doubt I will be able to cut Amazon completely out of my life, but it definitely ensures I will never buy a Kindle.
"we could make forever feel this way, don't you wanna stay"
time to bear down
Lol i won't :P
's pannel @ #NARM2012 gave a great window into real solutions for new revenue.
Plus he is from Georgia. Lauren was from Georgia and she was runner-up last year. Phillip needs to take it. Great Artist!
Hi Liz, we found a necklace. I will email you a photo in 5 minutes. Sorry about the late response getting back to you. Niall
Feel like a semi just hit me
Clinton Chipotle needs a drive thru!
Do you mean April 19?
HUGE THANKS to all the cast & crew of #CSWCPWOODS for a wonderful show! Enjoy your well earned break before the show restarts !
Happy birthday WVU
lots of talk abt waiting 4 studio execs to "age out" for new models to emerge but zero talk about it being less white & male @ the top
well ok am not gay but I do dig shopping with my exs knowing what am gonna be tearing off them later
you can fight with your parents all you want to but your NEVER going to win that
:) Where there's a will…
MileHighBowl is officially on the bring Peyton to Denver bandwagon. Please pick our city and the Broncos!!!
Ed Robinson Nominated For Music Producer Of The Year
"Many of the guys had been stealing 'Art in America'" J. Golden on 1980's graffiti writers love of art
Moroney: Undifferentiated content (who/what/where/why) is a commodity. Differentiation adds value and relevance.
are ya'll watching price is right together?
Awwwwwwh ): Did he reply? He's at Elitches. Did your school's seniors go too?
Shut up
hands down outback.
thanks for the S/O!
Sat in w/Bill Mays @ the Deer Head 2nite. I've been waitin' 2 hit w/him, & it was a solid blast! What a great musician. Ck him out.
trust your intuition. be true to your intention.
This cold is kicking my ass
I don't have time for this; yet, I need to do this.
how i've missed it here! tasty capp made by
yum, just made fresh watermelon juice!
I saw you were in the books :-) can't wait to meet you! come in with your hair down & dry so I can cut your hair dry!
bro I fucking love you thank you! This shit happens everyday
Christie Whitman says air is safe days after 911
is preparing for the Management Consulting Seminar in Grenoble, France.
we going to the ATl may19th
hahahaha thats what you get for letting me have your phone ;)
Henry Ford who once said, "If you think you can or you think you can’t, you are right." Think about the truth in that and then act on it!
Quick poll. Tell us [yes] or [no] if you use your phone to scan QR Codes. Please RT and use #eyechat tag. Thanks so much for your help!
No class from the Canadiens
Happy 2012. May it be an enjoyable and prosperous year for everyone!
Boardwalk empire exceeded my expectations in every way... brilliant
After wearing jeans for so long, shorts feel weird.
He probably does cuz i put stress on him....its my fault & i dont want him doing it
The Avengers! c:
yea i guess its easy to blame jmo. he's frequently intoxicated, easily confused and doesn't have a twitter lol
The snow last week had me worried, but my peas & arugula are sprouting!
SHOUTOUT TO Everyone go follow her she's AMAZING!!
We got one of Mr. Ewing that said "I'd motorboat that" :D
A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough
Trying to sleep!!
#TeamFollowBack Happy All Saints Day! ...oh wait, nobody celebrates the original holiday that begat halloween. you're all posers.
Bout to upload a new video to utube go check me out youtube.com/ABTheRapper
Just sat on a cactus. And this time not on purpose.
Man so bored!!... Im on christmas break and I been stittin on the couch for the past few days!!
you would.
join them!! rock on!! :)“: Girls motorcycle "gang" just sped by. #powerful”
Astrid Alauda To be seventy years young is sometimes far more cheerful and hopeful than to be forty years old.
nice!! Where r u!?
Good night Lady!
What's good man!
Whose comin out?! Can't wait! Up next at our first annual !
I had Nutella for breakfast today so it's going to be a good one.
Boutta sit rooftop and eat cheese popcorn
Hi Nicholas, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Join me in opening your own business for 39.95!! Helping others get #fit and #healthy!!
A loving person lives in a loving world. A hostile person lives in a hostile world. Everyone you meet is your mirror
Come be laZy with me.. Get in the bed n let me cuddle you!! :)))))
Picking our winners shortly!
Announcement: we're recruiting for the Miss United States 2012 National Pageant! Jr Teen, Teen, Miss & Ms Divisions cc:
When the product is right, you don’t have to be a great marketer. Lee Iacocca
I too am glad to see them out enjoying Paris but holy fuck too many papz waiting #jerkoffs #ParisLovesRobsten lol
ha! Drive me Crazy? Classic.
should we take them for polish? yum
Today ask yourself," What can you do for someone else besides yourself? "
yup since yesterday
Smith & Brady in favor of congestion charges ... Some folks call them tolls
argyle socks are my absolute favorite kind of socks
The more I think about it, so am I!
hot dogs in rice cookers
Oh man. I got so used to crappy Will Ferrell projects I forgot how awesome he was on #SNL, and is right now.
Don't know what i was thinking. Pho 777 it is. Thanks
The next 50 people to follow my Twiiter follower Will get 10 SOLO shoutouts to his 80,000 followers! his tweets are funny
I'll see you this week. We better be pushing a car.
I'm seeing a podcast here which I haven't listened to, but I seem to remember reading something too. Checking starred tweets
With leaders in NYC hearing great reports from leaders on awakening in the US! Wow!!
FreshersDestination: IBM Interview Questions
I think you might on another account. I'll email you later tonight!
Happy happy happy
HOW ARE YOUU?!
looking forward to yet another great class with your insider expertise!
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 12
I can't believe you gonna sell your stuff
The same niggas tweet me && I still ignore them ! lol Its not bc im STUCK UP or Think Im the shit - but Its Annoying !
ha, right!
Still can't figure how Cheryl Miller keeps her job!!!
Africa test.
I stepped on a huge banana slug this morning & almost died! I was wearing flip flops & it smashed between my toes. Orlando bugs are huge!
interesting question! there must be something before Baillie (1910-ish, the one that's used in public domain versions...)...
Cuddle buddy needed!!! Any takers?
Yes! playing #Thriller!
Decent head start on this 3 hour drive.
I was so hoping it was, in fact, a miracle but then I blinked and my eyelid stuck to my eyeball. Oh well...
Steven, you're following the wrong guy. IMO home schooling in many cases borders on child abuse.
Standing room only at "apps at scale" panel....
Congrats to the #Chiefs with win over Denver. Still remember the whupping #SportingKC delivered to Denver. What a Rocky Mountain High!
": #BTW I would like to see Kobe get his 6th Ring....... #shrugs I'm a fan too"
Prob'ly because we're so used to gulping coffee on the way to work, and tea takes a while to steep.
Since Obama took office, private sector jobs decreased by 2,000,000, while federal govt employment INCREASED by 147,000! Wrong way, Barry.
Getting ready for our big Extreme Yard Makeover tomorrow. Lots of members of the community are coming out to help a very deserving family
Thanks for tweeting! I wish I was there at
Wow I'm so stupid! Hahaha!
niggas in the trap full as a bitch
f it's meant to happen, then it will. With the right person, at the right time
#ILikeObamaCare because the health of US citizens should be more important then insurance company profits.
you call everyone else fake when your the fakest of them all....
So, if you haven't yet, you should try the Black Cherry flavor @ Fenway. So #creamy and #delicious!
We have all been placed on this earth to discover our own path, and we will never be happy if we live someone else's idea of life.
Sometimes saying sorry is the most expensive thing, but it's the cheapest way of getting a priceless effect.
Man All I Want Is My BOYFRIEND & Thats It
totally agree!
LOL well the Death Star was about to roll off the desk ;) RT : Hey That is not my little ball that is the Death Star damn it!
Successful day at town center with jo:)
As a former waitress, all of you tweeting #IHateWhenMyWaiter should spend a month waiting tables.Then u can talk.
Look @ the contrasts. The same day reports on 's troubling path, reports inspiring a movement
Morning tweeps! Had a #lush relaxing weekend! Now for another busy week on the ! #cannotwait!
i gotta talk to youu!
B/c I love you and we've been together for over a year now. We are constantly talking. How can you not be on my mind 24/7?
Because I fell asleep at 5 yesterday.. haha
It's time to start thinking about your company's holiday party. We have 2 private rooms that can accomdate up to 125 people!
im having a show on march 31 too at the citrus festival
Set them straight
Congrats! RT OUR NEW BEAVER DAM ANIMART STORE OPENS TODAY! Stop in & check out the 7,000 sq ft store at 1600 N Spring St!
why does he hate u?
The Bahamas bucks in frisco is shit.
Had to create a new twitter account ..... havnt been on n like 4 eva
im gonna go wally backman on his ass
Love my username
Getting a headache from the ink in a tabloid-sized (10 3/4" x 14 1/2") trade magazine I'm reading. How toxic is this stuff, anyway? Blech.
Amazing to watch this unraveling take place in such a public format. Blog to follow on on Monday.
I know your tears more then you. Cause I've seen the too much.
Hey, Bay View - we need about 5,000 empty PBR cans. Start saving up and redeem them for some PBR gear. More details to follow...
Got Customer using sending Aux Copies to our
it seriously is one of the best investments you'll ever make. Mine was $100 used. So worth it. Check out the Red Witch too...
Hoping the good news fairy visits Dana now after she just visited me!
#SaySomethin love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 36
Every time it comes on I watch one of my favorite films everyone should take the time & watch the best can't stop laughing
I know right. I love y'all too. But them brownies 😍😍😍😍
Rise and shine loves! Come see us today Mequon 11-3 and Third Ward 12-3
ok why would this person be mean to you for nothing. he/she just called you a meanie and i am trying to...
More confidence, love it RT: 621 RT : We're taking guesses for Friday's league, don't forget to guess!
*tweets about getting Internet back at work, gets fired for tweeting at work*
Thanks for the mention!
wanna fly to florida? we can go to the beach together(:
I just want to hold your hand and just be cute with you forever . ❤
look at you* tweeting away ;)
I'm okay with Lexie dying since my dream marriage on Grey's is Mark/Arizona/Callie. It could work.
Let's get this surgery over with
i don't wanna go upstairs cause my parents will find out that i stayed up too late!
#FF Old school college newspaper pals making it big edition
I can eat any food item I want to eat sir.
Hey girly, how are you? Sorry, I haven't been on lately...
so did the storm pass or something???
We are getting started with a public hearing on the Budget Request Act of 2013.
#demoday happening, usually 80% chaff, 15% not sure and maybe 5% wheat
Marx makes look tiny.
I want to go so bad but if I went I wouldn't be able to get completely buck in Cali! Miss you!
Final Golfer rehearsal at HCC
and I led the way to the fall of the the soviets in the #battleof84 ping pong match. This match lasted 38 hours We don't remember it
It's a hot one today!
whoa whoa! I'll look it up!! Woop.
Nobody in this restaurant told that guy at the bar to stop smoking... Probably because he was masturbating.
New years; really? Why r we still celebrating?
re: desk I'm sure it has something to do with more or fewer Simpsons figurines, but I've never figured out the actual formula...
El patron in stone is banging #mexican for lunch if u dig Mexican food go there across from walmart
"If you can dodge an egg you can dodge a ball"
Suitcase Opera Update: Why can't I finish this freakin' aria?
I complain too much. #beautifuldaytoday. :) thanks for the party/gig last night &
Susan, thank you so much for tweeting all these today! I missed #6 though. :-)
Did i overreact..:/
Forgiveness is the answer in all of our growing.
RT White Rabbits tonight! 18 tix avail @ box office when doors open @ 8pm for $14 CASH ONLY White Rabbits @ 10pm
I agree! “: Aw damn, He either cold or homeless! RT : this nigga got on two winter hats! #OMG”
Panel on Big Data on Campus this afternoon at Microsoft Cloud Computing workshop at #UCB: Michael Franklin, Arie Shoshani, Cathryn Carson
dunno what
as long as we get a quality receiver for him to throw to, I'm fine with it. Pointless otherwise though.
I doubt the company will reimburse me for unauthorized charges, though..
Why do people decide to change?
I hope you don't mind, I will be adding a couple of your sketches to a wall in my office. It needs a touch of sassy!
I totally agree. Smart girl!
Why can't my life be normal
#FLYFEST on MAY 19TH! With ESG, Jackie Chain, Sean Price, HW FLOSS, etc. Oh, and ME! Lol
Mr Obama still confident about economy of USA
LeBron missed two free throws in a row? MVPs don't do that.
Omg finally Arely :)
that's so powerful and so true!
I'm having Lucky Charms and soda for breakfast, because I am an adult. An adult who works at
Thank you for the RT!
Sorry, I can't tell you. :( I counted yesterday with others and don't have the overall info.
Of course the first time I show my mom what omega is it's one of those guys wackin it!
Happy Last Day of August...aka..the real last day of summer!
that's deep!
“: If I don't get any exercise today,I'll be mad. So we are going now.... Leggo! #TeamFitness” all day every day
Texans at 7. Get in here!
If Lilly's significantly increased production is any indicator, it's raspberry season.
nick !!!!!!!! I saw you in ABDC yesterday :D yeah I died <3(:
Awake- about to get ready for a 5K fundraiser in Miami # AreasonToRun
#20ThingsILove tall guys (:
NOT EVEN AN INTERVIEW. just an opening day :) still scared though, i think my friend charlie is coming with me...
thanks for spreading the word about our Happy Hour details! Appreciate it!
I'm ready to party ;}
hot hot I want that
Big difference between Manchester and Barcelona! If you're a footy fan, then Manchester. For sparkle - then Barcelona :)
me, dom, beau, rob the producer and paul the sports director make up the 10tv sports twitterers
New This Week | Six jobs, two online learning opportunities, and one grant. Find them on the Programming Librarian home page.
xD and i (also) noticed in ur vid u have braces now ? xD
BRO YOU GET A BREAK AT THE END! vegetarians need you!
do I know u??
My phone battery died and I could not find the back up. Found it! So here comes a ton of tweets from me =D
Trump's "rules" are about juicy drama for tv ratings. For crying out loud: Amarosa - exhibit A. :p
Aww...I love u too sis!
sorry no follow back
Barack Obama ('s campaign) emails me more than NASPA and ACPA. First time for everything.
mi photo en mi phone!!
Spring has sprung. The pastry case is crammed full of pastels.
Awesome. RT Can't believe David Stern vetoed the Tim Tebow deal.
it sounds like there's some crazy british stuff going on
I honestly don't know what it means?
This is the most adorable thing I've ever seen
My run went a it better today mainly because of the music I was listening to. Thank god for intense songs.
In the studio with j n s vibes
Seriously. Time is money. RT : Dear , where do I cash in my $15,000 tweets? I'm ready to go home now.
yes that's what i was talking about, i forgot to say i was with yah, haha it was so creepy!
I followed
Hip hop has gotten so horrible they literally had to resurrect #tupac to get people hype again lol
RT : Gov Perry considering firing UT Prez Bill Powers b/c he opposes tuition freeze? Powers is 10x the leader Perry will ever be.
Would a hater do a cannon ball at 2am? RT All I know is is being a hater....
The potential upside of running with scissors does not out weigh the risks.
My husband and I divorced over religious differences. He thought he was God and I didn't
Hope everyone had a lovely Easter! <3 keep on supporting !
LOL but we don't! :D If we did we'd be tweeting every 15 seconds which equates to 5,760 times each day! ;-)
Another day at 54°F! Who else LOVES living in the Land of Enchantment? Best weather - EVER. Have a great day & ride on!
I hate games like this playin against your opponent and the refs
Going to bed #sober Ugh !! Gn fb and good morning workers. Me and jay day
Follow the next female super star DeeJay Dj Jacky Beats
Mr. Khalifa and Mr. Miller on repeat.
I fight with peace & resolving my problems instead of resorting to violence & spiteful actions.
I really feel bad for today. I know he put so much into the Brebeuf basketball program.He did a wonderful job leading the Braves
YES! i hate tht
u stay at work. Every time I go there u there
only love for you to lol
Why do bad people prey on the good ones?
Together is a wonderful place to be
I tried to call u. it is what it is. I need my loot #asap .We sue around here. Call me so we dnt expose ur financials and all that.
please follow
we do this twitter shit for real.
Most Dedicated Parents in the Animal Kingdom Lets take a look at those species!
looking at this mixtape cover and...Paul Wall Might be damn near 70 years old!!
Keith Jones makes absolutely no sense. He says it should be a penalty on the ice -- but then basically argues that it was a clean play.
Hey San Diego! There are amazing things on the rise! Details will be coming soon!
and we have a WINNER!!!
Why hello there :)
Get here in the lobby by 6:15pm.
I like this city, wish I had time to enjoy it.
Ah, gotcha. I like the sound of that. Where do Panchero's even exist?
He lives right between Morehead and "the projects"... or whatever people call those freaking apartments x)
Wondering why you don't have blog subscribers? The subscribe button on your website doesn't work.
They should do a "we wish they were in a memorial montage" montage. I'll start: Steven seagal
not my idea, but I fully agree with it. Isnt it time that Duane Below become a starter. Leyland blew it off when asked earlier this week
You're too unforgiving of a small mishappening, which is your fault to begin with. You should be hating yourself instead of hating me.
Who is on your coaching roster? #needmoretweets :) *Waves*
Local 19 wishes everyone a happy and safe holiday weekend.
ok thanx :D
NO WAY! I thought it was my internet connection from Portland! I was screaming to Comcast Customer Service after hours! LOL
good morning!
rip ADAM YAUCH
Oh no. You OK?
Most excellent, Shannon! The force is strong with this one!
Thanks for coming by Maury event!
We got asked to do an encore show Thursday night at HOB in Dallas! Come hang out with us from 7-9!
Mythbusters proved it! RT : Did U know a glass of whole milk cn giv a person a .02 blood alcohol (BAC) on a Breathalyzer test?
Just watched a full power rangers super samurai......
They are all great guest hosts! You seem to know what works, Lisa!
Call it murda' murda' , when you smoke my killlllllla'.
Filming for Odd Sqodd! I love it!
Thank you Drea! Same to you! ;) Nice to see ya hear
I was having kind of a crummy day. And then I got your card + sandwich shop poem. <3
You like being single ? Why you lying ? ☝
UK set the national championship game record for most blocked shots with 11.
I hate when I accidentaly twit my texts too
Been shooting way too much with my iPhone. Blog coming soon...
Working on an application video to show how easy it is to apply an Inkdt guitar skin!
Looking at your show which I do every night. Good Job.What Skaky Oneal gave you from inside his crotch?Thats nasty germy stuff
Great new songs by the ultra-cool band available now in the ProShow Web music library!
merely having a seat at the table does not make you a diner, you must partake of the food - aaron jordan debate
All the stories I'm hearing today about LED lights in #DC alleys talk abt completion of the project, but this must mean in ltd area, right?
I've come to react so poorly to people whining about being bored. Which is an activity, in of itself, which requires free time.
finally got to burnin some shit
Visio: a UX guy, Publisher: a small business owner, Access: a wannabe DBA, Groove: a soon-to-be unemployed guy.
All I want for my birthday is a trippy stick
Funny how excited folks get for 38 degrees.
Im lol tweets right now ! So true .....
its ur birthday?
what is a good name for a puppy?
Jess tweet tweet budd
I love when trolls decide to troll you in a dungeon, and then complain about you when u tell them to stop bitching!
Listening to #WMYB at the loudest it can go!!! And singing super loud cuz no one is home!!!!!!!!!!❤❤
Followed back thanks :) And I like the Packers too so :P
Uh, no. That sounds a little off from what we're going for, which is deliciousnes.
John Terry will always be a fantastic leader and captain regardless. Proud to see him lift the trophy.
Hold a book in your hand and you're a pilgrim at the gates of a new city.~Anne Michaels
Man ! I'm Tired Of Bitches Playing With My Emotions .
Tacoma (wash) baptist OL and #badgers commit Walker Williams made the flight out for the spring game
i just download episodes of #TVD and seeders are numbers of downloaders,it has 25000 in a site.:)
If you want to send a prayer... there's an app for that! www.birdofprayer.org. Good night!
i'm sure he could. I just want to see it on someone else before I'd do mine.
New facebook admins coming soon... Too much going on to take care of everything needed and not needed!
Rapid Protect, A Company Focused On Mobile Based Safety, Security And Collaboration, Announces Major Update Of Its ...
the way took a stand on bullying should have done the same thing last year!
there are a lot of other people that want to go to Hawaii...
CHARLES BARKLEY, Chill cuz Im TORN & U DONT make it NO better talkin shit bout my
Shouldn't have worked all day. Suffering for it now
An early welcome from 30 Days to Life.
geospatial would be mapping & visualizing networks and creating place among quakers during american revolution.
I use many names, but my favorite is mommy. Happy Mother's Day!
2 tweets ago !
Bongs rips on the toilet
I wish I could go to the Ed Sheeran/Snow Patrol concert tonight.
The Superbowl is tomorrow!!! Who are you rooting for... Patriots or Giants?!
Hey guys, if you don't want me staring at your tattoos, maybe you should lock your front door before showering
Celebrating Momma's 75th Birthday!
I HATE YOU!
Isotonix® Isochrome provides a powerful dose of chromium, to help maintain healthy blood sugar &blood cholesterol levels...
“: So much for getting the pool warm!” needs more pee...round up the toddlers!
Looking forward to it!
Appreciate the RT, thank you!
No. DIdn't quite trust the atmosphere. Hadn't been here before. This is quite the place complete w/wifi and starbucks!
hearing yourself sing in the shower and wondering why you haven't made an album yet ;)
ah dang, sucks! alrighty then.
its better 4 a girl 2 sleep 100 years & be kissed & awakened by the right prince than 2 stay awake & b kissed 100 times by the wrong frog <3
so purty boys....
any update on Tramon Williams?
Great game by Rob Wilson! Apparently Badgers named R. Wilson come up huge in big games
I just noticed that five letter URL in your description and signed up this afternoon - I'm looking forward to the invite
#nccetl (pcti) peer coaching of tech integration in every Asian country except Burma(ha Myanmar)
Crumbs in bed...wups...blodwyn Friday
I honestly don't understand this tweet. You're tired so you're not obligated to make sense? And I should cut you slack?
WOW, that's weird because i have an I at the end if my last name and u did that today.
ya i just forget :) prob should just not take them.
I believe there's a heaven but I also believe there's a hell.
peanut m&m's are the only thing within reach..... I guess they'll do. I really shouldn't wake the baby lol
Hung up on somebody who i used to know.
We liked last night's filet mignon special so much, we're having it again!
Caught up on yo ex girl, I can get you past it
19 bands on Wednesday and then got up today to find that I won tix to Springsteen private show at 7PM. Should be great....only at #SXSW !!
dream girl : likes dr. pepper, skateboarding, knows who LaaLaa is. dresses girly, will help cook, can tolerate me/ my music.
very disappointed right now... Where's the heart?? They better show up on Saturday!
THANK YOU for all your support! XO J
I wouldn't put it past 'em either -- until your tweet I didn't realize I cared about the old rag!
You are what you tweet.
I love lamp.
I knoww:( I dont know why I didnt hahaha HAVE FUN!<3 And see some sexy boys for me please ;)
Sally, *pattern of virtue* looks just wrong
Playing a blue alien on a sci-fi show called MERCS tonight... I love this kind of acting gig!!
she couldnt handle it
Can Yuh Please Give Me A Shoutout!(:
:: exicted much for the IPL opening ceremony :) ::.
I thought that was their thing
The wind is crazy out there!
So tired. My body is exhausted. My poor muscles :|
Great turnout for our Charter 101 seminar in Kansas City tonight! It's clear KC is seeking more charter options for the community.
is that really your pic after you worked out? <<<<3333
I failed a spelling test in 3rd grade, because they asked me to spell AMAZING, and I put down my name.
IBCA's Super-Bowl-Related-Beef-Fact: 1 cowhide can make 20 footballs. It takes close to 3000 hides for one season. That's 60,000 footballs!
Friday afternoon + lots to do = headphones. Light at the end of the tunnel: with tonight.
I'll try to never hurt you. But I promise to stay by your side.
Even if you just want to buy T-Shirts for yourself NOBODY can beat our custom single T-Shirt prices! NOBODY!
Making sausage biscuits for breakfast yum!
a few years before a diagnosis is made. 2/2
Can't wait to see my girl tomorrow on #BBW you and that damn is something else.
#Caps should seriously look into trading Ovechkin.
Dead outside at this time! best time to go running
Arrive. RAISE HELL. Leave. - Stone Cold Steve.
Who u know will put u on and what u know will determine how long you will stay there
Trivia Tuesday starts tonight at 9 p.m.! Bring your smarts...or else.
": The worst feeling in the world is watching the one you love, love someone else"
Hey DU Students! If you're at tonight's #DU)MLAX game, share pictures on our Facebook page! We want to see your Pioneer Spirit!
u calling me fat? Lol
Playing at Radius Cafe in San Francisco at 8pm...for my birthday! See you there???
I like when something is so fantificent that you have to make up a whole new word to describe it.
we are perfectly okay with this too = ) Please keep spinning!
This is the true joy of life, the being used up for a purpose recognized by yourself as a mighty one
In SF, getting ready to discuss with 70 teachers the complexity and importance of teaching the Holocaust.
May Day: Just another holiday? - Daily Star Online
I attended SQLSaturday #131 in Chandler, AZ, Saturday, April 28th; met some great people; learned a lot; and even won an Xbox in the raffle!
Been sayin it for a while.. will be the number 1 pick next year
In arkansas
lol! U is crazy
A most unobjectionable position!
getting a re-tweet is kinda like getting one of those long line blocks in tetris...
It's early, I'm up, and yes I am getting breakfast followed by a nap and a workout....
And his "evolving" stance on marr equality is a big step from where every other POTUS has been, even from where he was in 2008
sorry to have missed meeting you irl at
RT 5 simple tips from on getting kids excited about books: go.pbs.org/5mQEO
what happens to a system thinker when the system crashes?
Summertime and the livin is easy. Fish are jumpin and the cotton is high...
Taking a break from my mountain of homework to watch 's documentary. :) probably the only time I'll be watching MTV.
Sunday wild far
they doing something for this note pad that will do something for either an album, script or my book. they not bad thoughts :-)
True? RT : Strange, and not funny at all, but there were conflicting reports surrounding the death of John Wooden too.
Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas and Happy and Prosperous 2010!
Don't want to give away too much, but here's a hint on where our annual gala will be held: both blue whales & dinosaurs call this home...
Nf , can I get a follow back
Wow. The Quicken Loans commercials keep getting more painful with each new one.
only has 2 books about Lincoln Heights. One in Reference, one in Rare Books. But how many books are there about Hollywood?
Has a line coming to #Target - Oh Glory day. Best thing to ever happen.
smashing ur brother in tennis actually.
Legs crossed towards each other= unequivocal sex invite.
I'm loving the fact that this year's #fantasydraft league is just PPVs. Scoring every #RAW and #SmackDown was a major drag.
When you blow your nose and your boogers are green... Sicky :/
DEMI. HOW DARE YOU BE A JUDGE WHEN IM NOT AUDITIONING. YOU SUCK.
<<<I'm cooking you fried bat wings with rhino balls and hot tiger shit! LMAO!!!
Are we talking about early English writers like Smollett, Sterne etal?
You're cool
Looking forward to working towards my blue belt in Brazilian Jujitsu! Oussu! Team GFT brazil for the win!
Twitter Tuesday! Today our special is Cherrybrook Vanilla Frosting Mix! Use coupon code CBVanMx15%Off. Spread the love :)
Yeah, pretty intimidating dude.
If shes' taking Shoulder up pics..or pics that look like she holding up the camera...lol!! SHe's #FatAssShit lol
I am SOLD. Just ordered 's Limited Edition Puzzle Cube. It's so cute! <3
nothing, how about you?
Heres my real account, which has a picture of me(:
Time to meditate and get in touch w my inner maverick to guide me.
FUCK I JUST CRACKED MY PHONE SCREEN OMG OMG OMG I'M DEAD FUCK U TOUCH SCREEN PHONES.
the knee high was great - delicious cocktails and pretzels!
I don't play second option. You either choose me or you lose me.
Great! MT Hey LA! A sweeping ban on plastic grocery bags went into effect July 1 for unincorporated areas of Los Angeles County.
Long birthday weekend, but it was a good one
ah k im out peace! :)
My timeline is filled with tweets from thanks to
im really loving character modelling, zbrush is probably my weapon of choice learning maya too
#ThatPastEx who always comes back after messing around with all your friends :P
We all have a family member who think they're a professional photographer.
Eek. Sounds terrible.
Just downloaded a book on my new Kindle...thank you BAE!
#5. Pistachio Ice Cream: Only successful ice cream with the syllable 'Piss' attached. Usually that doesn't work. Pistachio proves us wrong.
Hopefully things can only go one way from here.
Time to unload the kiln! More fun millefiori for Craftstravaganza tomorrow!
Lakers win! I wish we had rondo thou he's a beast!
Those Jeremy Scott gorilla sneakers are the worst.
I have quite the combination of fans that I am following now and it's starting to scare me, lmao!
That was the best acceptance speech in history.
We all have the key to happiness, its all up to us to open the door or close it. The choice is in out hands.
for the follow
A+ Modern Family episode tonight
#sslive knowledge workers are the primary source of innovation.
Almost time for the best show on Mob Wives
Lets knuckle up and guard yo grill cuz its real..
Just got to my gma house n they making fish n grits 😍 today is gonna be a good day!!!!
topic for video today?
Agree with - a classic!
Guess that's why I couldn't find her
Jim Rohn once noted that in order to have more you have become more.
chilling in the T, bored as fuck, you going out tomorrow?
Miracle time please...
TURN THE HUMANS LOOSE --- Release 10% of the Millions of Humans Locked-Up at Historic-High USA Rates since 1776. USA Campaign
Big thanks to the Friends of Mount Vernon Place volunteers who helped plant the beautiful design in the North Park!
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're filiming that into a movie too.
What about Houston, other than his name, makes you think he'll ever start at UW?
u r so beautiful!! u and both r just gorgeous!!<3
#3WordsForYou we're worth it :)
Not a good sign for 2012... I think the record voter in 2008 won't be the same in 2012...
I was going to ask the same about Thai, but I can do Fuddruckers.
Come on Clippers yall almost there !!!!!!!!
Anyone know when the LOC twitter archive will be usable by regular folks?
Agile Publication Model May Establish Openness Protocol for Many Traditional Systems agile publishing for textbooks?
not sure may be moving our son home from school tomorrow evening I'll find you tomorrow
Thanks for listening! I'm glad you're enjoying our Fincher series.
hook them horns \m/
#mayweather is a beast
you may be living in Dallas but I know your cheering for Jack for Portland. Plus he is in "Titan" green!!!
You beat me in a rap battle tho ;) RT : my rapping name is kmoney ;)
part of a 5 print portfolio from Theodoor von Hoytema in 1898. Fantastic and rare.
But I am kicking myself for forgetting to press record on both my audio recorder and video camera
Of course I did. Did you? I'm telling you... I need a Christian Grey in my life to put me in check. Sigh.
Tick tock!!! Sounds like a good night! RT : Only 72 minutes until I'm finally off work. Then it's the doctors, gym &...
hey, thanks for tweeting 's post
Thanks to for always having "our" table for meetings!
When a girl cry, please don't ask her questions. Just hug her tight and let her know everything is going to be okay.
the wendy's frosties are so good. Its basically ice cream but better!
Opponents hit the ball hard off of Tomlin. He gives up a ton of homers. Hopefully he can hit his spots tonight.
thanks for the shout out!
Don't believe half the shit u telln me
for once I agree with the Prez...kayne west is a jackass!...layoff the cognac...
That feeling of knowing you fucked up <
Looks like I'm opening up for you when you play at #LMU in a few weeks!
Hey Power Playette! How about neext week?
and are gonna burn you to the ground tonight at 10pm after Opening Night.
I'm with Reese. Overboard will always perk you up.
:- This is polluted society buddy. who caught on camera while steeling the store. he got felicitated.. wow.
thank you for taking faith in me! It means so much to me!
You sweep a woman off her feet, not only by stealing her heart, but by giving her your heart.
... if the sources are correct (and I believe they are), this speaks to some very, very sloppy reporting on things that ....
what the hell have i been talking about lol
Get me out of here!!
don"t know how I really feel about sitting thru 3 hrs of Phillip Glass at the Met this eve...
haha im sorry but that made me laugh XD
I didn't sleep well had too much on my mind so I just listened to music lol
Obsessed with Turnpike Troubadours right now. I'd heard them before but it never clicked til recently. So good!
SHOUTOUT TO Cashing Out is on the radio in Ocala, FL.. come perform here soon.. #salute.. love to see 'em come up!!
Loved your article about technology in the Upper Valley... oh, so true.
Mountain biking only for me. My body structure does not support spandex yet ;^)
By the power of Twitter, I got "Call Me Maybe" played at Target Field tonight.
The awkward moment when i was walking towards my friend to tell him hi and i tripped
its running Sportscenter
I barely saw it a week ago and loved it.
omg I love ur avi!!!! How r u my lady??
Maybe. At least GB can say they finished 1 measly game behind the Bears and had to play 1 extra playoff round, all on road.
It's fantastic that they're making two fantasy movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords movie at the same time.
I bet you're looking for
#PeopleLikeUs hate people
RT : Your true friends are the ones you went to Walmart with . And had SO . MUCH . FUN .
One of those days where I'm reminded of how much I love my job & being a librarian - added bonus, I got to talk about DDC with 5th graders.
These goalies are bad!
Hi! Mag ad revenue are down, (part of it) also readership down, and paper and shipping costs went up.
I realized today that while I love #GH, it's more like a vacay to me, while #Days is home. But I can't go home without you!
Bodybuilding Anatomy | Californiashop.co
Looks like I'm in baseball mode again, it seems like I just got out of football/hockey mode. Sports fandom is exhausting!
Well done guys...Fun to watch!
#JBSOMEDAY it is true "a real man knows what a lady likes" and surely is a real mann;)
Addicted to #SocialMedia, #smartphones? Hear the latest on how it could be connected to psych disorders
GONE TO SEE MUH MOVIE!
How do you advertise? Television and the Internet are the two most successful ways, websites with video hold attention 6 times longer. FACT
292 you all fit like a nice Jimmy Choo shoe!
Take a shot for me #bhm! Lol
Good morning people!!! ☺
Yo!! Thanks for following me!!! Best of luck with acting!! =)
So glad you enjoyed your visit...come see us again! Thanks for allowing me to share...
why do you have a problem with me , when i dont even know you ?
Of course they are...
I missed u by like 5 hrs in boston. Here with cooper right now. Whereu at????
No schadenfreude about Mariano Rivera O's fans. Karma scares me.
Mm eating slushies and eating Goldfish watching scary movies!
lindsay lohan looks flawless.
Spoon - Got Nuffin - 05:28 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
register for free now
don't worry, you didn't miss anything; stuff you already know I assume
At least you get to introduce twitter to the fact we have a bar with that name
HOW MANY LIKE FOR ♬ CHOP MY MONEY ♬ ~> AKON - PSQUARE
Gonna miss he was such a good roommate and seriously my best friend
We have two original Saul Williams pieces next week. An interview & editorial on his unique models of distribution. Must reads
Of all the freeriders, revolving door freeriders are the worst.
Thanks for helping feed some needy pooches!
I can't wait for college now #freshstart :)
Yea #CUSE is gonna lose to #KState... Howd that one work out for you all?
so much material in just one country
Tweet me a random word & I'll tell you what I like about you or your account!♡ Hilarious & Bubbles already taken!:]
yeah.. its awesome. thanks for sharing!
Today sucks
Shit...the Lakers won?? Alright National Guard and riot police....you're up!
Storms have closed Goodman Pool, 325 Olin Ave. Staff will try to re-open the pool at 4p.m.
I'm determined to start this day off better than the last few. Been feeling burnt out lately.
This is a wise choice.
#CMchat A5 When it's compelling, informative/fun/inspirational/powerful storytelling-they stay, if it's BORING listeners LEAVE
new twitter, change profile pick to anything but the egg kid!
I WANNA JAM WIT U
A friendly remind to SPAY and NEUTER! Pet overpopulation is out of control.
is meeting a man on Monday about booking the "Moving On" CD release party!!!
Beautiful art gallery at NTC Promenade near downtown San Diego available to rent for your special event, workshop or show. 858-205-4354
i think MG left himself wide open with his piece.. i think Mike has left himself wide open to this critique with crunchfund
I was wondering about that billboard when I saw it a few days ago actually!
it won't let me follow her
....bitch u stupid
Gym time
-all you have to do is believe.<3
how many are they allowed a year?
Sigh. Some people bring out the worst in me. Or the Mama Bear side.
If no one says "swag" anymore, what do they say?...
Going to Boston to shoot a short.
Basketball game! :) with
A brew from Jolly Pumpkin Ales called Oro de Calabaza has to sound intriguing. Come give it a try!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool "just kill me now.."
Check the Thursday News-Graphic Homes for registration form to the SC Ninth Grade Spring Craft Spectacular, March 24 from 9 a.m. - 4 p.m.
Great to meet you too. Transit of Venus should come up more often. Maybe someone will raise the script from the dead.
Lots of ladies lunching at Panera. Also, me.
have I not been hyping the Waffle Crisp Mocha enough to be the one-stop shop for holiday specials at the ??
No one up at this time, to talk to..
is Jimmy wearing a snood ???
www.theaterconnects.com has re-launched! Beautiful, Amazing and about 1/8 finished. But check it out!
how about a street dance on main st.
OH YEAH!
HHB 427, fourth floor : where is your office located in heritage?
I'm looking forward to tommorrow night. Go Team Faber!!!!
Thank you for coming out for my bday!
S M U R F S <3 CUTE HUH?. umm movies later hit me up? ;3 melody out :$
You should come celebrate w/ us! Look out 4 us on #GMAZ this Sun talking about the how fro yo is the next ice cream!
Wisconsin in 2 months. Get better every day...RT Ran dixon today with the squad!
Congratulations to Trisha Caldwell...the Winner of the iPod Shuffle!
Officially declared a major in #ArtHistory and #Classics. Someone hold me and tell me everything will be alright. :(
May you Rest In Peace #iwillalwaysloveyou <3
<3 Mariano: "Put it down. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going down like this. God willing and given the strength, I'm coming back."
a #Taurus happens to be good in bed..hm *whistles*
I want you to win even if you're not in the first 3 just for that answer :)
Not feeling good....
any other team besides the , i'd bet $ that it wouldn't have been that harsh.This will weed out the bandwagon fans at least
What is the next bog thing?
#happy #friday Twitterverse!
Heading to my daughter's school for Read Across America. Morning, y'all.
LOL. If you were to see it twice before it came out, that might be described as obsessed. :) I hope it was better than Bruno
Who wants the new May 2012 mix from your favorite dj??? HANDS UP!
follow me cause I'm cool like that and maybe we can be friends and you know tweet n stuff :)
I've had a lot of thoughts running through my head
Yes! Please try ropa vieja, a Cuban, conch fritters, and a slice of Key lime pie while there. And visit
#missamerica no magic show talent, weak!
#FF University of Michigan Depression Center
They your husband... I said she's your problem now... Because I'm done with her.
For those of you who are in #LA, is coming to town! Check it out on Sept 29 at the Bigfoot Crest Theater in Westwood, CA
Instagram worth 1billion less than 2 years. Kodak bankrupt after 113 years.
haven't announced a date yet but it'll be pretty soon, just workin out the details. Did you make it to the one on Saturday ?
yu need to hurry up
Trying to decide if it'd be cool to be friends with an astrologer.
- great partner of wfgm_org -They elevate voices & needs of women in Memphis & ShelbyCo.Legends Award Art Exhibit in their lobby now!
Wondering which #beer pairs best with your #NewMexicanSoulFood? Ask your server. We hired them because they're smart!
How much I miss the beach
It's Tuesday and the whole staff is here!! Whoo hoo!!
Wearing my Louis Tomlinson outfit :) it's actually very comfortable!! I might dress like Louis more often :) teehee!!
Q: what will bring real estate back? Snow: the states with biggest boom had biggest fall. States that were steady are still steady
I got that to for them lol I believe in them all the way
Good morning!))
“: Enjoy Patrice O'Neal's special tonight. #RIPPatrice” I hadn't seen this...hilarious.
Team trivia tonight was sweet 15 teams Let's make it 25 next week.
I forgot... Curtis Stinson & Hamady N’Diaye play for #IowaEnergy just FYI
“: J:Kiss me please. U:WHAT?! J:what's up? what did I say? U: kiss me please. J:ok honey, no problem. *kiss u softly* *u shocked*”
RT : Ideas for building a new city? Engage future citizens. Create a community before it physically exists.
Sometimes Chicago smells like Las Vegas. Wish I had a
Have a safe and happy 4th of July!
yes i have! And it was ammmaazzingg!!!!!! U will have soo much fun!!
What the hell are you talking about?
Ah yay !!!!!! Guard it with your life lol
I'm intrigued but not convinced. I need to do some testing later this week on pixel font-size in IE.
and i feel like i am just too close to love you.
me too
If a freelance job listing has a city attached to it, does that mean you must live in that city to get the job?
lol if they think its bout them then it probably applies to them.
sadly was running late so didn't get to see the video game exhibit...maybe this Saturday before titanic 3d?
And that is why my closet is almost all yellow items!
hey squirrel
No.. Bill signing ceremony will take place at some point after Fishing Opener.
Fml I have to find something to do for 6 hours.
6s hands down....
Just found my Nintendo DS while cleaning out my room!
Beautiful weather yesterday. Bad storms comin tonight. Damn u atl!
Still trying to bang out this tech manual. It's been weeks now!
no! (now I wanna run away!)
ok you gonna txt me back this time?
OH: I want to take the microphone cable and strangle this guy. [ listening to "Amos Lee"'s "Won't let me go" ]
me like
So exciting! Bill Gates to speak at ECS National Forum on #Education Policy July 11 in Atlanta via
Sometimes I don't have a reason. Sometimes I just do shit cause I want to. There aint always gotta be a reason.
“: you got this man” yep I got this. Very confident in my numbers
hey hailey! how ya doin?! i miss you! you goin on the 22nd? dm me...
i've missed you all friends. i know you wont be able to read for this...but it is from my soul. My heart gives so much, but I've got to..
watching on always ask for what you want, and you'll be surprised at what you get.
We're blurring the hell out of it at and it's been awesome.
Does it have to sound like that? Can I just say community?
Hey Chad, what's going on? Not following your answer...
#whendiditbecomecool to misspell derogatory names? If you can't spell it, you have no right to call someone that.
God made you for a purpose. What is yours?
Lookn up old records of anything is such a bitch. I need a real life personal assistant.
There is way too much going on today. This is a prime example of why we need clones: so we can attend everything.
will do - enjoy Long Beach...see ya soon.
I feel like gabbys been in that position for the past two years
Is it time for Gardie and Rick Anderson to go? Looks like Twins have quit playing.
Thank you! <:D
your punt to Jackson seemed took forever too. Great hangtime.
but that happened before I saw your tweet. but if I saw it before hand it...different story
RT : Sundays can either be used to improve the following week, or trying to ignore it. Humanity tends to go for the latter option.
I've never heard so much complaining about a free product.
Bullying Is For Losers!
how long is your break then? The one starting on the 17th?
Ugh I have to stay after school tomorrow -.-
We're good.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? ⁰Answer: Nothing – but it let out a little whine.
Oh my Gosh I am so exhausted. I can't even keep my eyes open. #GoodnightWorld !
Tryna play us... Aint nobody finna play no music for him to be snitchin. Lol.
good luck!!
the great escape
Rid the Ego of Self Importance and of its blinding perspective that it is always right and you change your world. SR
Team Canada with a nice 5-1 win over Belarus in the Worlds
my sister likes dale jr i cant stand him is the best driver at hendrick i have tons of respect for gordon
Office work and then out to do surveys of people living in the San Diego River bed. Best Wishes to All.
something tells me 5 of them probably equals a donut or more.
Yeah, because Everyone on Twitter only Follows people they Know.
I know that. I just wish I could use it, my battery's about to run out, and I'm almost done with another 999 playthrough.
Tech game would have been full. People didn't make the trip today.
Cool - gonna get it NOW! Thanks! I already like J from the first 3 books.
All I need is food, water, air and love--- let's show the world that less is more.
In need of female models! Double take productions.. Fuck wit us follow ,
ok. Either way he's an idiot.
que no plans ni no plans! You're coming to my house monga
You - I was watching 's Flog on and saw her Fave Five your work with LFG!
Class after weight lifting.. Ah not the best idea ever :/
photog biz is going great.. took a long break and ready for this year...
Any other cool people in Faulkner?
Is there no video feed?
Got me RT : well it is a leap year
Good Night Everyone.. I gotta do -ray me- fa-so... tomorrow;)..
is covering "Use Somebody" and I'm the happiest guuRL in the world!
Pretty as always.
Oh my! Im in awe right now bro! Im so proud of you.. how long have you been doing this?(:
Just finished a callback audition for Tyler Perry's new musical! I nailed it!
Looking 4 some good reading- am interested in art+context, specifically impact of installations-know a writer who addresses this well?
One week until #MadMen. Oh God, I've waited SO LONG for my Don Draper fix.
Is it just me or do guys look 10x sexier when they wear a black shirt?
You got it! Check out our little project!
Ivan Gough/Feenixpawl/Georgi Kay - In My Mind [Axwell Mix] ^^^The best EDM song of 2012 so far^^^
Blastin #Sparklers give these boys a listen. Caught them live with my mates from in DL last week x
A book is a garden, an orchard, a storehouse, a party, a company by the way, a counselor, a multitude of counselors. Charles Baudelaire
RT : Yes!! Support local! : Happy Record Store Day!!
Hi new followers!.
wutttttt Tony Robbins just got sassy with my Oprah...I'm switching teams for Tony.
Got that work flow starting tomorrow #we 😁
Having a fun book club, talking about 's "Create Stunning HTML Email That Just Works"
I just read Katja's interview w/ you - I love getting to know my online friends a bit better. I'll tweet it nxt! Dumb? No way.
uh, yeah, wrong person...
Your coverage of #wi protests is a joke. Show video of rally with the thousands of people, not the post rally empty streets.
What is your favorite marketing, advertising or social media book?
and jump around until you see the sun? sorry couldnt help myself <3
1.5 years into this job & I might just now be able to figure how to effectively integrate my copy cataloging team into metadata work. Maybe.
Having a lot of fun reading 's CONFESSIONS OF AN ALIEN HUNTER on the way back from RTI/NTID.
yeah, I got it! No worries.
What do you think about Friends of Howard Football tag covers?
Happy 30th birthday MTV!
Guy behind me on the hotdog race: "it's a bonding experience"
Got a puff ball; for the week
Daniel Moreno is a fairy..
4-1 this wkend in Ames. More injuries, and new kids playing 2gethr 4 the first time but they all battled, great efforts from all!!!
Steve Stetson quote of the day - on songwriting: "You know it's a great chorus if it reminds you of a 90's tv theme show..."
