I have 8 more huge events this year,so I am heading to san diego thursday to recharge relax and have some fun, so I will have lots of energy
Live within your means. That goes for anything in life.
guess who is headed to Sherwood Forest!!
; thanks for the replies :) I hope you each have a beautiful day!
lol aite then ! :p tell me something funny <3
My second round #StanleyCupPlayoffs picks, Starting in West,
YEP! Congrats, Lilan!
Alright, back to Beethoven.
I don't need a ride.....if I'm the sober driver you call me if you need me is more like it
5 guided readings due tomorrow for me lol xD! no sleep :)!
Just arrived in DC with Shit is about to get groovy
Lol my #Lakers about to wake up just you wait ;)
U think im playin. ill undress her and start eatin her right there. spice shit up
That Long Phone Call ^...^ <3
no... I feel sorry for you! He was asking if it would make a difference if he used his woods -- that are really made of wood
fresh looks! Appreciate the follow-back. Have a great weekend.
Can we #rent out excess #supply? Gyourko of Wharton.
taking dad out for his b'day brunch...shhh, its a surprise! =p
That one mo hit .... My family... Leading ...never follow.... Impressing ....inspireing.u
November 15 was a VERY good day
Haha same hereRT for april fools they put on the song "friday" for morning announcemts, everyone in the school freaked haha.
A fire loss can result in complex damages because of the unique behavior of smoke. A trained professional should survey the loss site.
Yeah if maybe. I went through 4 years of braces and it was horrible,
we love you too!<3
DAMN ive gotta admit (not to be conceited) but i think that was a good one
I'm hugging Ness, my gator plushie. But I guess I can be kissing her too. :3
Sad....but true.
User experience is everything! How can you be the of your industry? Great things to think about from
Getting some good anecdotal feedback on the blended learning arrangement I have with my senior classes... ah, reflection.
yes we do, what city are you interested in
Call it stormy Monday.
there should be!
thank you:) youre a cutie
all pitching milestones discounted against this M's lineup
Happy Friday! Enjoy this beautiful day!
no... It has nothing to do with your monthly cycle.
Grapes, strawberries and bananas.
Those poor kids.
A day dedicated to phones!
RT : First practice is on Monday August, 22. Pretty stoked about trying new things with my team using R&R from
Cuz thanks 4 hooking me up!
The Hunger Games (2012). Directed by Gary Ross. First time watch. 2.5/4
it's no joke how cool you are either. are you excited for our music video to come out? Thursday at 7pm :)
when do you wanna kick it? we can get naked and dance on stop signs.
A great man once said "Doesn't really matter how you start out yea?" Spike-Buffy the Vampire Slayer lol
Great night! I love my friends!!
Remember another woman's trash is another woman's treasure .. Cater to your man .. Do right for your man .)
Have you decided about tomorrow?? ☺
I should work on my project
me too :3 i wanna hug ya, and ill try to be on twitter more :3 dm me :p
if you want to do biz with somebody you have to stay in your lane if I know everything about making website I would have done it myself
I need someone to hand out some fliers for me this evening for my show...$60 plus drinks...anyone interested or know someone who is??
imma eat n ill be right back to do my Job
Has anybody seen my keyes????
Never let people discourage you.
the thirst and gay ppl.
I really should go tomorrow. Think I'm going to.
Lots going on in Forest Grove tonight: First Wednesday events, student art show at Pacific, and Christmas with the Trail Band concert!
#TheMostCommonLies I got to go. whahaha when really ur like frozen on a chair going nowhere.. O.o :D
You was looking good in RBMS video *_* lol It was great.
The Sun is out today.. I missed this glowing burning antidepressant :-)
way to jinx the brewers during mike heller show. "worse case scenario is supon shuts out brewers and they lose 5-0"
Did you tweet me?
I love that doing what makes me happy makes me the most awful person in the universe. thanks for the support.
Given all of the free outs in this game, are we really in extra innings? Probably only 27 real outs.
A man in the house is worth two in the street.
Ah, that trout...
I love the SyFy channel! #IAmNerd don't judge me! LOL
“: Where do you see the small/medium print shops going? #printchat Focus on core clients make their life easier diversify
laying vocals down.
doesn't have haters, he has motivators ;) right Austin? <33
I will defeat you Rahm! Vote Ol' Floppy Arms for Mayor, it'll be more fun than swimming with a bunch of beavers on ecstasy!
"But you see, Meg, just because we don't understand doesn't mean that the explanation doesn't exist." - Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time
killed the druns yesterday :) that was so raw
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin♡♡♡♡♡♡ 117
"Another Sunrise, Another New Beginning." -- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Putting peanut butter on my buttermilk glaze donut.
I have to hop off too. Wife is enroute and I'm hoping to avoid an aversive stimulus, gotta get those dishes done!
sorry I'm out of town today but good lookin out!!
Our #AmeriCorps Legal Fellows are at their 4th clinic in 3 days serving #veterans in WA state.
Emo party at your place. I'm having of those nights too. :/
Let's go Lake Show!!!
I love your valentine story<3
Shalom and thanks for following I will follow back
check ya messages
Also, remember multiple position eligible players when doing draft depth! got Michael Cuddyer as a 2B in a league we're playing. Wow
lmao. Can I get a discount on the tail if I take three heads?
Geisha House for dinner before tonights Laker Game :)
Excited to learn how uses MultiptServer in their labs. expect smart &amp; green stuff!
#ASECS12 now the indefatigable Kevin Cope, buckle your seatbelts!
Congrads to team Hendricks and the # 5!! Great job guys!!!
Tonight. Last Minute Trio. Quencher's. 9:30pm. Ben Scholz, Jake Wilson, and yours truly.
“: Welcome aboard Jeff Saturday. I wonder if he will be on the fg unit?” waz up with BGoode?
Love it! We have a field trip to coordinate. Need to get my passport and drinking shoes
so you're naturally evil huh.. I see :)
haha maybe later
Not recognizing the faces on tabloids (and the mags on same rack) is a great part of getting older. Trash media easier to ignore.
you got it backwards miss papers > swishers
#NoHomo the movie Glory always brings a tear to my eye
This Saturday hosts THE OMAHA CUP at #FortressMorrison! 6 teams, but only 1 Champion!!! Be there!!
who are you bro? Do I kno you .
we can join uk's team
Being trapped in the corner of your shower because cold water is running.
no rush at all... finals are just a tad more important. Happy belated BTW.
Idk. I'm so busy lately! Haha what's up?
we dont see tax paying teachers; we see thugs, flag burners, and looters..and leaders who won't say "that was f-Ed up"
In the Dome!!! Ready for some football!!! Go Saints!!! Who Dat!!!
In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love. - Mother Teresa
Good start to the day: my chiropractor asked abt sources 4 his son's school report on slave material culture.
Go Giants!
Religion in politics should be handled like child-molesting priests in the Catholic Church: KEEP IT QUIET!!!
Today was okay, not the best. How was yours?♥
Observation done! Phew!
Fast forward many years to Otto being the dad of a son who often tries his patience
Is it supposed to rain or something? Because my knee really hurts.
Is a Family Dollar worth more than a regular dollar? If so, can I borrow $3000 family dollars?
I'm generally against making jokes about injured players, but when you do it to yourself, you're fair game.
First day is done! Calories and sugars add up quick.
Carla came to play. Tedd's just happy to be there. He never stood a chance.
“The great question… Which I have not been able to answer…is, “What does a woman want?”.” ~ Freud
why oh why do I forget my cell phone on a day it would actually be useful?
I need a free day to just download music.
the alabama crimson tide?
I can insult my best friend, but if you do you're going down.
How bout my man NOONIE in LF? Caught everything thrown at him but the kitchen sink! Way to go!
D'oh.
Havent been able to access my account but im blessed to have MY FAMILY #TEAM848 AND THE #FANS THAT
constantly moved by the power of human connection. how have you been moved lately?
Aug. 3! AoH will be featured at 8pm & 9pm CT on the "America Sings" program on the Gospel Music Channel! Please vote for us!
#iwca: Whitaker argues shorter rather than longer messages from tutor help writer stay engaged cuz session stays more conversation
Thanks for calling. Geeze.
If you're still up Happy Easter!!!
#ff our friends and Thanks again for the great work on startup alley at EduCause.
Watching on 's see what these guys have to say today.
NO. I think its hilarious
FREE THROWs.
thanks for the mention.
Lets meet real soon! I'm sure you a hottie clientele. Your cousin fared real well on
was one of our first CardFlick Pro customers!
We hope everyone has a wonderful weekend!
headed on road trip with wife tomorrow afternoon; i'll restrict tweets from this account to highlights; follow for details
I know u would
“Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding
White limo - foo fighters
crap! Guess I'll have to rebuy ur ticket on stubhub. Congratulations.
because girls never give it enough attention
Guess its time to hit the hayeyayeyayeay. 😌💤
well mabey ur teenage gurl dream will come true soon !
that's awesome. Maybe one of the last times you get to do that. Enjoy!
Pfft. Glad I was notified !
thats so true !
Music truly is mans/womans greatest achievement from cavemen banging on the skin of dinos or wherever... Its al god
Planning an event at 's future polygamy-friendly sub shop in Utah. Save the date. 2/16/12.
we love that you're working to promote world travel. Do you think enough is being done to keep students safe while abroad?
It just hasn't hit me hard enough that its been over a year
Come away with me, darling, I will leave you satisfied, forever past time.
Anybody interested in pre-season tickets to next Thursday's Colts game? $79 tix for $60, section 509...great seats! DM me!
RT : Msp airport is really nice people!! A+ service !
listening to pandora and one time came on.. brb crying
#5bestsmells Harry Styles, Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Zayn Malik and Louis Tomlinson. Never smelt them but there's some thing you know is true
Puppy Bowl was more entertaining
Tyler if your a girl then ima guy
I hope so brotha
About time! RT This marks Freddie Braun's MLS debut.
What are you talking about? Aren't you all the same person?
joey jordinson (the drummer of slipknot)
excited to pay the holiday off and get ready with the girls :)
Although on second thought, I guess it is a danish style beer, right? Was it good?
PLEASE HELP AND RT this to help find missing IU student #FindLauren: twitpic.com/58dxa9
Will do.
Planting Flowers and talking to people who reconnected through my book Lies Told Under Oath. Amazing things happening.
Are we gray again today?? Any hope of this clearing?
I have been a big fan ever since I first watched The Latest Buzz!!:)
that poor homeless lady, she'll probably never own a house, a truck, dog, or a fishing pole. Thats a sad life -dad
I feel great today
DONE WITH FINALS. LALALALALALLALALALALA.
Zach Galifianakis was asked "who are you wearing" and responded "geranimals." Love it!
article done will be up tomorrow
"Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not." - George Bernard Shaw
zucca is my current fav amaro to blend with
If you're in Prague come down to Jazz Dock to see my international band featuring great guitarist Torsten Goods from Berlin, Andreas...
Tht awsome moment when ur brother says he's gonna check out the boyfriend music video :D
Happy #earthday! Did you know that recycling one glass bottle saves enough electricity to power a 100-watt light-bulb for 4 hours?
I was reading somewhere about the significance of those expensive styled-out pens. A coworker gave me one I use daily at the office.
My headphones weren't plugged into my computer completely, so everyone could hear. A feminist podcast. Very quietly. So close to a result...
enjoy your Super Bowl experience bro!! Go Big Blue!! Arrival Boricua! Make us proud!
Bryan Stevenson: Challenge for a healthy community: Liberation by an identity that is created in an honest way.
Storm is my favorite xmen <3
The beauty of vodka is that it looks like water. The beauty of the gym is that you're encouraged to have a water bottle.
what is it??
All 7 runs with two outs
it was on the facebook post!!!
Forever is a WORD not a promise </3
So shocking!
God calls you to things to do a work in you.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!22
Taxi Cab Confession: Hi, my name is Phillip. I'm a NUPE, and I do not know how to tie a bow-tie. S/N: I have 4 hrs to learn b4 this wedding.
Phone with boyfriendd. ❤☎💋
#Rampage making a late push. Following Jake Herman's first turnover of the season, RI capitalizes on short field, pulls within 17-12
Clearly, one-handed pushups are a whole 'nother beast!
keep your head up & your standards higher.
Jersey Shore BITCHES!
No silly lol": in the rain?"
Legitimately asking "how's the weather up there?"
Power is out in Mt. Royal & Maryland/Charles streets down to at least Biddle. Of course it's also #ub commencement. Craziness!
Picking up the cuz from class, NCAA Hockey Tournament this weekend, we have Minnesota
Greetings and thnx 4 following. cb
There is more logic in humor than in anything else
NFL STARS - Howie Long, Bruce Smith, Ozzie Newsome, Warren Moon, Kellen Winslow, Harry Carson are on Capitol Hill Right NOW
Right now I'm deciding whether to break in to find the incriminating evidence in a private study or the penthouse suite of Golden Hotels. :)
QUIT IMITATING ME. Wait, I have inbox 908. I WIN.
We aren't going CB next pick? Janoris or Trumaine?
Well I guess in the summer I will be alone....just fuck it :-\
white russian chai tastes perfect on an unexpected snowy day! thanks
you aren't late you're just early to lunch
Batter up definitely makes me think of baseball. For some strange reason linking that to flying monkeys got me to frying. :)
Once it changes and the ppl see the false definition lies in values man made valuables then we go back tothedaysofAdam&Evenwejointomandsteve
I'm at a baseball game. Major league bliss.
Hiking with <33 :)
"Shoot Up The Station" by This shit goes so hard.
Thank you sir, I hope to make an appearance in HM one day
Watching and reruns ^.^ best season ever !!
Hell yeah!!! Thanks!! I bought kickball shoes today!
Yup yup you're cute :)
That's awesome. That is perfect merchandising. Which walmart is that?
I'm at lunch trying to get caught up on twitter gossip, hush your trap.
how many times is normal?
add to the buzz , let the twittersphere know how you celebrate diversity in your library this week
yea u my lil gansta nd chink. Heck no r u havin a nice time tho?
Booked a really fun role in a feature!
Just watched documentary The Marinovich Project...wow...filmakers did a great job telling that story!
I want you to be my first, my last, my ending and my beginning
I think I just murdered that tweet by the way...
Jus cuz u have a head on ur shoulders, dont make u smart.
I assume he means heady sci-fi with less Strauss and more action, which is fine, but yeah it sounds tone deaf
since were talking...how are you? :)
In #Spymaster wounding someone is code for EPIC FAIL. I am getting pretty good at it.
Looking to reach economists, computer scientists, earth scientists, biologists, chemists, physicists, engineers, statisticians, etc.
More than 18 hours left of dance this weekend...
Is it pathetic to see the movie valentines day by yourself?
is tomorrow. Kickoff tonight, ready to get my network and inspiration on!
u silly son!!!
Great! Ordered from the on capital and they gave me the wrong order. Now I get to wait an extra 15 to 20 minutes to eat.
Declines in Caribbean coral reefs pre-date damage resulting from climate change
Come on down to Florida! We welcome everyone--crazy or not! :)
Woohoo! Wind in my hair. It's Friday & the ponies are in my future. Lone Star Park & $1 beer nite.
Everyone go follow now haha
thank you!
hey Nikki I really enjoy listening to your radio show on Iheart radio.
Kudos on that major accomplishment! Trying new approach this yr w/ Doodle to allow schools options for signup. Jury out yet.
How lucky you really have it...I sit and wait for to have time for me...never knew it come really feel quite like this
knock it out!!! I know youll make whoever it is very happy
you must host an active game to set pars (DGpy5-gh)
": I want a relationship. A real, pure, loving, honest relationship. I'm not lonely or desperate, I'm just ready."
See you on Saturday!
Join Willamette Writers on Twitter Learn about literary events in the Pacific Northwest!
Definitely need to start on this RFP...Lord help, so tired!
I miss you too girl! And yes we need to make plans to hangout this summer! We haven't hung out in almost a year! :(
As if having strep throat isn't bad enough, my head feels like it is going to explode.
Except where we over-engineer things...
you know i'm in!
lmao never that aha... That's 2 funny well I kno who I'm telling 1st then once I start working Lolz
guess u just love the ladies.
My opinion about you has done a complete 360 after last night/this morning
Do you know that some plants were given non-vegan plant food to boost their growth? ;-)
Lol you already know!
Louisville sucks good win UK weareuk
Live jazz Tuesday night @ Salt Creek Wine Bar featuring The Rose Colella and Dan Effland Duo from 7:30-10:30 saltcreekwinebar.com
Does a sore back cause wildness? Just asking.
“: Everybody grew up knowing some asshole with an acronym for a name #AJ #BJ #TJ” Hahahaha
FINE I'LL DO IT
DPR welcomes Zio's Italian Dining in San Diego to the Diversity Platinum show your card and get a comp order of Cheesey Bread! Welcome!
By the time me and done we gonna have a whole mix tape together lol !!! #NoJoke we stay grinding and working
YES! I am not alone. :)
Every single night I endure the flight of little wings of white-flamed butterflies in my brain.
Learn about social media, online & email marketing campaigns that thrived using personality marketing at
"Mrs. Vanderbilt"(nice 1),"ComingUp", "Silly Love Songs","Arrow Thru Me" --on the non-Beatle tip.
Monica...JOJO 2 pieced her ASS den daryl went fa JOJO n I went for Monica ASS
Sara and wacky have done it and there fine!!!!!!!!
Vibing to that #DreamChasers2 at work with my boy
That text just proved my mom is a hater!!!
Most definitely! Some of skits have me laughin my ass off!": that's def the show to watch lol love Betty White"
we read the Hilton, Ceasar's Palace, and Mandalay Bay are all doing shows. didn't hear anything about Bellagio though.
I watched from season one on cable and was sad when they stopped showing it. That and l word
that's the only explanation that makes sense
RT : Tyler Perry is a genius. His wisdom >>>
and that's totally gets a retweet for being awesome RT : can I follow you again? no, shoot.
I love that :-) Thank you
Can't wait to see in Beauty and the Beast with !
they made that play!!!
@ the Library: I kind of love that last night's Bones' plotline involves nefarious doings via a library's RFID
But I would have starved trying to get enough teosinte in my diet
Going to Longhorn for my birthday!(:
Straight merc'd this hammer. The color combo is so tits.
Omg 30,000 cell phone tickets in #CA alone. Don't talk or text & drive. Get a Bluetooth to talk. Don't text keep your hands on the wheel!
watching movies #aleagueoftheirown always a great night
RT The acapellas just grab me - he didn't sing it if he didn't mean it - "Leave Me Alone" for example.
Madonna....Why Must Tickets To Your Concert Be So Fuckin' Expensive?
Geneva from rockin' a set with another Oakland superstar band called Bells. Oakland's where it's at.
Godby presentation: RDA cannot be rigorously coded in MARC.
Yeah I'm still around, but thinking of deleting all of my social media. Those who matter have my cell number and use it.
Can someone please fill me in on why the Lakers got to inbound the ball after only one Durant free throw? I didn't have the volume on.
Hope all is well hun.
No parties school tommorow:)
hahah thanks! hope all is goign superbly
so incredibly frustrated with micromanaging people right now.
Hope there's room for 2, 'cause I'm in the same (hover)boat.
"Greatness is not measured by what a man or woman accomplishes, but the opposition he or she has to overcome to reach his or her goals."
that can of mace isn't what is keeping the rapists at bay, uggo
i don't have internet
The Daytona is a classic! Great choice.
PILL PILL POPPA!
The University will be closed April 6 in observance of Good Friday. Happy Easter, everyone!
He says "I love you" and you say it back. You both argue and say you love him-her more, but at the end, LOVE ALWAYS WINS.
According to new (and amazing) DNA analysis, we now know that Oetzi the iceman had brown eyes. Science is so fantastic! Very...
I feel like it should be 2013 now. Today seemed that long. Is it okay to go to bed before 8 on a Saturday night? I'm making it. Good night!
Can't wait to get to #nsta, but think I need to upgrade school issued laptop. Right shoulder now lower than left.
Youtubing: Always entertaining to see a young Hugh Laurie as a theater actor
I'll take you out for a drink and change all that. You'll never miss grad school again!
Looking for something wholesome and delicious? Try McDonald's Fruit & Maple Oatmeal or maybe an Egg McMuffin! Both can satisfy that craving!
I am a slave to Christ, I am ransomed by his blood, and I will forever strive to equate to the worth of my purchase price!
DONT GIVE UP GUYS!!!
True. RT I think that depends on the quantity of ads. Too many ads look bad on a blog.
will be performing at this years we are happy to join and help this event! December 17th at Copper Door, Santa Ana
DiMaggio was robbed twice in that game by third baseman, Ken Keltner.
I need to talk to you about something....
Wild Out Wednesday.,! On BET
you know it's true Justin!!!
bait and switch by Southwest airlines. Changed the date on my A list when i was 4 flight segments away. Dishonorable conduct by Southwest
We thank you respecting our dress cod ! #thank you!
Tanner just fell behind my bed, climbed up like nothing happended and layed beside me. He makes me smile :)
hope to see u in Atlanta at the Fanfest June 4th/5th for vid promos/Q&A w/Fink, YRG w/ DDP/Kim+the appearances for pic/autos!
Seeking stories of intern abuse: where an intern should have been paid for their work or where interns were used to avoid hiring an employee
Natural Born Killa
Thanks for the retweet!
Delicious meal tonight at Happy 1st Anniversary!!
Come see us for a sensual experience of food and drink made fresh and raw in front of your eyes.
perfect! And then when you get here, then what?
Sure! RT : What about second base? MT : (Josh Hamilton) would look good in left field for the Tigers
a FriendShip..i let it sink
Flavorless, manufactured, and always leaves you with a stomach ache.
It's a new week! So excited to meet a client tonight so we can start talking about her album!
AC trip to support .
hey soul sister by Train.
#mahonefact Austin's bodyguard is , go say HI to Dave :D
Everybody's doing it! Draw Something username: mark_won
Stewie, we signed you for your defensive prowess!
Everybody wants the world to know their struggles. What about your triumphs???
I didn't think there were fireworks this year?
Last morning working in ParkCity…then headed to the OTC for 2 more great days with
great tweet lol
Awesome! Enjoy Maui!
guess that means you don't have an iPhone. Smh. Lol.
You're one of the winners of our Berlin '36 contest! Look for a DM from us tomorrow, and thanks for the RTs!
me and my friend did a report on you. We were going to do all you guys but my teacher said only one. But I did all anyway.
Really? Tell me more there Joey.
I really don't have a problem if u r a Bieber fan, but if u start acting retarded when u get to see him, man u r the example of a
Meet me at later, I'm in the mix 10 til close …
KEYC - Mankato News, Weather, Sports -Woman who lost Ark. lotto ticket ... - KEYC TV
I hope they don't wall in Const Gardens Rogers/Marvel is really on a roll in DC: first the Ellipse, now Constitution Gardens.
quit while you're ahead and can still drink during daylight hours.
Ahoy- a Schwistersighting. Are we still anticipating a small big announcement, or did I miss it?
I'm usually not the hating kind but I really don't like him!! He don't sound good or look good!! Lol
Weekend plans: Food truck friday at Bookmans Grant, Arts in the Plaza at St. Philips Plaza, seeing the new elephants at Reid Park Zoo.
Tips for Buying Summer Camping Cookware and Cutlery
Melo gettin physical wit the heat. i thot it was a pick up game of street ball the way he playin
the noises in this game my cousin is playing makes me wanna go crazy!
Some of us are just that damn good at math. Also, want to make it difficult for ppl to contact us.
Mitt flip-flops on every single position he's ever held and when Pres Obama refines his position they call HIM a flip-flopper. LMFAO!
Flowers two times in the last month!! :) my bf knows how to make me smile!
#SaveMoney by purchasing from yourself at a discount! Don't pay retail at the stores!
Early morning haircut. Let's see what I end up with...
thanks! I wanna dress it up with charms like your bracelet!
I  #Indy but I want to move to Virginia Beach. So many opportunities here and LOVELY weather!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 54
Who's going out tonight?? Ima need some dms
Sean Kingston once signed his name on our brand new counter top at the radio station. No one asked him to. Our general manager was SO mad.
"get into the groove"
UNSTREAM WAS AWESOME I LOVE YOU:) FOLLOW ME?!?!
#sacscoc Student services were never more important, institutions must look at economic impact & how they are helping students to succeed.
was that before or after the tip? ;)
Hey #ABQ ! AlbuKirky rubs & sauce are nowl available at John Brooks , 3301 Coors NW. Coming soon to other JB locations.
Tucked in flannel. Bury Your Dead. Mikem. James. Northwoods. We Win.
“Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
Watching Wrong Turn 4
LOL, Liz. I see people roaming the streets of NY City with nothing to do. LOL
Long agonizing death vs mrsmokey. Gl to all still in
hopefully June 25th?! And idk have you been nice to and megan!?
we are leaving. c: thanks so much! Best gift I ever received!
I called you
Something tragic just happened and many tatertots lives were lost.
everybody know I love my Chrissypooh
i guess we would have to walk a mile in each other's shoes at least...
Then u MUST tweet more LOL This is Twitter Right? I mean I thought..... Oh Hell never mind hahaha Luv ya Girl
i love you plsssssssssssss follow me :((( <33333333333333333333
Love you too! :o) Also: Lot of "OopsyDaisy" & "DaisyOopsy"s on here...maybe it's time to change my name.
Record Store Day! See today at in Carlsbad. 12noon.
Two #sportsbiz meetings in New Orleans, then flight back to Dallas hoping for #Daytona500 TV evening. Head to Honda Classic on Thursday.
We always shed a tear watching our goat walk off into the sunset. Until next year, Bock. Good thing we have 12 Horse to keep us company.
The ink is barely dry on the death certificate of your old camera, and you're already moving on.
he DID say that...and time froze for 20 seconds. Naw, homie...
Good night of Djing now have to get some shut eye and be up by 6am to set up and Dj the triathlon here on Campus
You betta be there Saturday for frost bday RT Lol I'm thinkin it's Saturday
Oh god she likes you too. -______-
Snowed in? A good day for a hot drink and a different kind of read. Try HUMANLY SPEAKING from www.willowmoonpublishing.com.
Finished my spanish homework! (:
Perry makes the Pack the Super Bowl favorites.
RUT Hockey is very excited for #NCAA College Hockey Frozen Four
Oh rain you can stop anytime!
Why don't you just keep your comments to yourself? Nobody care what you think. Js.
Yep, totally Mike here ;)RT: are you the real mike lol (:
But yes, JUST LIKE THAT. (or do I mean "Butt yes"?)
Wishing you all a great weekend and happy weekend. Good night from NYC.
#CNN Hairstylist Vidal Sassoon, died of "apparent natural causes" at his Los Angeles home. An LA police spokesman said. He was 84.
Feeling Blah!
$1 Retro Beer night at The Bomb Shelter! Bring a $10 Bill and you'll be loving life. 1517 S 2nd St
/// "Straight up, from the gate up..."
Hey HM thanks for follow :)
Missing out on a screening of Tarkovsky's The Stalker is like a swift kick in the balls for eternity.
< ago & the positives outweighed the negatives. It was wonderful to see her walk with pride once her transformation was complete
Congratulations on your engagement - that's awesome! Wish you much happiness!!!!!!!
newsletter was so heartfelt - Fly PR has been in business 18 years now - since 1994. Wild, right?!
Gas is $3.50 a gallon. Starbucks coffee is $50 a gallon.
When your boyfriend thinks your a rag doll and drags you down the hall.. Cool
awww shucks! Don't be sorry, I wish I could have gotten to them in time!
Holy crapoli! I only need a few more followers until I reach 1000. Will you be one of them?? I will give you a cupcake.
not necessarily, the programs are run separately from the prison by local or even online/correspondence courses
I hear ya! RT The only thing I hoard is browser tabs.
Oh crap, that's right. Josh Groban is coming in if you're feelin' a lil less rock and roll. eh? eh?
The 'throw away slogan' 1) "Take things one step farther by not doing them."
I follow so many with no followers
Oh dear, just did mini-inventory of all the blog entries I have to catch up on... What a mess! Please keep me accountable, friends!
Fight on! RT Why is my No. 1: We simultaneously just emailed each other about Matt Leinart's birthday.
Just sent you an email about West Philadelphian musician named Gull doing a project in E Africa. Love W Philly Local!!!
happy birthday yo
What a stupid foul call.
Hey me and matt have to tell you something...
ABCs of digital photo organizing: Album, Backup, Can (yes, still trash!!)
working on it:) The patience will be worth it. We're about to put a sampler up of all our current work. Spread the word pleasee
yeah, but I don't see why its impossible
#thatawkwardmoment when you see a bunch of tweets from people you don't remember following... •_•
haha no worries i gotta meet pam anyway, we gotta catch up soon tho! see u in class
Left over olive garden. nuff said.
Happy birthday Selena, jk you're disgusting.
awesome to see you in... Def stop by soon- lots of good stuff on the way this weekend
Just signed up to bring dessert for a fall-themed office potluck. Ideas, anyone? Apple galette? Coconut-sweet potato pie?
Had a great night with (: I like you so so much baby(:
certainly will be a gap between what MU2 requires and what patients fear. and fear is a driver in attitude and action.
Best. morning. ever.
The Lord Is The Only Way Out...So Take That Way..While You Still Have Time..
#FF i'm going home in a while
Do you have a friend who's birthday is coming up? Bring them to dine with us, for a nice change of pace.
Bogost: "So much of Object Oriented Ontology for me is a reclamation of the sense of wonder lost to us from childhood."
Thanks to Brooklyn Animal Action today, a wounded kitty found on Eastern Parkway will have a better life -you guys are heroes!
Great catching up at Purple Door Tim. Can't wait to hear the new album!
Life is much easier when it's broken down into exp. points
Haha he tripped into him
Hey Lelya.. glad to see you on Twitter. ^_^ I do tweet more about origami via Thanks for following me!
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps
HI, We're a Voyager library.
Okay! Thanks! (:
I'm good to go Shell. How much is it?
Even after my walk outside with , I'm still cranky.
To many Girls want Attention not enough want Respect !
I cut my football teeth on watching Unitas. Oh the stories I could tell. I cried like a baby when he passed.
you got that right...hell I doubt most in the office here would know what it stands for and they are "archaeologists"!
together or separate? Either way, yes, yum-a-roo!
Mullahs in Iran to execute former US Marine accused of being an enemy against God, highest crime in Islamic law. Is this the 21st century?
you guys rule!
Ok but just remember that Marry Poppins invented #gamification. Are you ready for the augmented reality room-cleaning app?
weird that it didn't tell you it was a draw too..
Vogel: Next time you want to keep telling the Pacers to play like the Mavs, make sure it isn't THIS YEAR's Mavs team, sucka
Congrats to and Kentucky. The way that team played together was something great to watch.
stuck behind a couponer, i think this is what hell is like.
haha its totally alright
Choices from your past WILL effect the future & ONLY GOD can use those choices to BRING HIM GLORY!
I think you're saying you hate me
found out that cost of parking at will cost around $230 in Jan. compared to which was $15. Anyone know an alternative?
U must b as accurate as a quantum computer must u not? Anyway, I hope your problem is resolved
Are you Gunna eat your tots?
#teamfreak #teamfollowback #horny yeah that would be sweet!
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing.
We are! RT : Happy 128th Annual Meeting Day! Who will be joining us for lunch?
Matt Flynn to Seattle -- 3 years, $10 mil guaranteed
Did everyone take advantage of our half price Twitter offer last night? Check in often for more cool Twitter offers !
ah spider help my night and amir *Peaches Babiie*
hope you like the app!!
ALWC invite your friends and family and let's all pray today that Gods spirit would draw people to Him like never before.
who knows how many...the pilots were so drunk they never even noticed.
#ROC news channels would it kill you to report good news about #kodak once in awhile?
Hey uhm thanks I guess? Haha
Pics from last Friday going up in a few in the #MMENights tumblr page
thanks buddy! We tried again today with no luck. Holler back :)
Those strange days where you actually look decent.
I think should cut your hair!
Best way to pass time in a terminal: score study the classics.
enjoyed chat and thx for RT
Up Early in #Pittsburgh watching the last Space Shuttle Landing
Just had made out with a dolphine lmao. O_o But anyways i named him tim, He looked like a tim. <3 im inlove with him. ~Summer <3~
Does it expire? That's what I was wondering. Or is it good anytime? It says "take advantage of limited offer."
Thanks for listening
I will never fall in love again. :-(
Thank you! So sweet:)
Today is the last day to sign up for the #zone #paleo challenge! Come in early to get your measurements & pic taken. Call us for more info!
You got life fucked up.
would post formats/icons make it too busy?
Steve Blake look like the lizard Rango -__- with his gay ass
in general, if there's always a line, you should try it :)
Breakfast in Kingman!
Dorel Home Products Julia Faux Leather Futon with Cupholder- leather futons
A minister has to be able to read a clock. At noon, it's time to go home and turn up the pot roast and get the peas out of the freezer.
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly cloudy. A chance of showers and scattered thunderstorms in the evening. Then a chance of...
has snuck into my top five all time list
if there was a worst dog award, my dog would win it.
Hey, you could submit that to the Washington Post - they have a contest like that every year for "new" words and definitions.
"You're in your Kia Rio, and then that song comes on. The one that makes you roll your windows down…" SPOTIFY ADS ARE THE WORST
I'm playing with my shiny new content management system right now...
“: You send them joints bro?” Check ya email
as much as I miss working at VC, I'm happy to be done with the bullshit. That place is ridiculous at times...
Boker Tov! What part of morning prayers, if you do them, resonated w/ you today?
today is National Honesty Day? well, honestly, i don't give a fuck what day it is.
Dear hipster, your ability to quote people doesn't make you "deep", it just means you know how to copy and paste!
RT : Come out For Adlers Fish Fry...the best! come early enough to enjoy Happy Hour from 3pm to 5 pm and get great drink specials!
you were awesome! :-) don't even worry about it!
Wrote about the religious practices at the Temple of Karnak.
yes, but I told you'd I'd come even if the bouncers tried to keep me away. :)
Keep drinking Matt. Probably a Good idea.
you're welcome. Can't wait to see you!
BlackBerry Bold 9780 Now Available from T-Mobile USA
#5: mobile all the time: Zite + JoliPrint + neu.Annotate + Dropbox. Never said it would be easy.
Also, my apartment needs air conditioning. Or I need to get a fan. And blow that DIRECTLY on me cus I'm always hot at night.
I was born in PDX so I was always a Blazer fan. I love the Clippers too because they used to be in San Diego
I can think of nothing more divinely sensual. A chip that doesn't need a dip is the best chip indeed.
Wanted u bad
killing? What are u watching, game of thrones?
Since I'm home sick from school today, I guess I should catch up on watching .
Ahh love. I suddenly have that Christmas spirit
#GM Twitter and s/o to my new followers! ;-)
Exclusive: Coke adds billion dollar Chinese brand to portfolio
I KNOW!! Too bad. I'm going to search for another show to get addicted to in meantime. But, ya know, nothing's like Nikita.
Bought a PS3 Slim. Almost time to quit worrying about breaking the jet engine.
decided im treating me and my son to a trip to either puerto rico or Bahamas what yall think?
Random fact about me- I say One Direction everyday even when if doesn't make any sense. :)
smh its okay not ugly over here lmao
Next person to call me "fat baby Jesus" gets stabbed in the DICK.
It's every kind of person you could think of, and as i stand in it, it is still growing.
Season finale of Vampire Diaries 😱😱😱😱😱
thanks for the shoutout! :)
Greg Tate's "Growing up in Public: Amiri Baraka Changes His Mind" is basically one of the most entertaining send ups of an idol ever.
take a chance, roll a dice
looks like ill have to set something nice up for the girls!!
At any rate, my relatives are just thankful that I have something which might be described as "gainful employment."
better do your research!! :P
it's a great day to be at Fenway--enjoy!
#ASTD2012 In Tim Ohai's session "Sales Enablement, Fad or the future ofsales"~amazingly insightful discussion on what sales enablement means
Eat clean, train dirty.
Bold and the Beautiful is a silly show, people who watch this have wild imaginations
Whoa, just scored 111 points in Scrabble on 11/11/11! Freaky!
You type as if hes not doing what he loves enjoys traveling the world & singing to his fans.He's at his prime
Oh yeah that sucks 😔
If you are not going to do it different...don't do it at all!!
What to do today ? Hm..
Wear blue TODAY in support of child abuse prevention and awareness!!
7 days, 4 tests, 1 screenplay, and 1 TV show final production stand in my way of Bamboozle. I can do this.
who do we have to be to receive God's answer to our prayer?
3,000 miles from home at a business conference, and *still* I have dog hair on my clothes.
Home from practice
Someone wrote all over this girls car and put balloons on it asking her to prom. AW.
What is my luck
M*therf*cking mother gets on my nerves
All This SubTweeting , AT THEY TWITTER NAME SO I KNOW IT'S REAL 😡
Tomorrows gonna be dope
Thanks for the mention, !
its cool but thanks anyway look out for our new stuff
F*ck you Packers!
Best way to work! ;) RT : planning on spending the afternoon , working on homework w/ a White Elephant :)
Sitting in the drug testing place...they talmbout a 45 min wait to
Correction. There are no 5th-set tie-breaks. My bad. Winner by two! Apparently, my sledgehammer didn't work.
be back later!
thank you!
Turned out alot better then I thought they would! Can't wait to use the pictures! Thanks
sucks, right? What if you bought tickets?
Follow my friend she will follow bak
ha i tried sendin u my numb but its like sayin fuck me u cant send her ur numb
Thanks for the RT. Such a powerful read :)
I work with the to get them recognized and on TV!? Did you see them on The Amazing Race?
My heart is full this morning!
CashMoney was BigTymers,Hot Boyz N each individual member. ALOT of music
Thanks for the RT
Pfft you're only human...
Thanks for sharing!
you are welcome
Oh yeah! we go all over the place! We have been to Danville Franklin Fishers and everywhere around!
Listening to old school and doing homework
pooey :( captain america is bloody fit
I had no idea Rob Lowe had made a career change to sports reporter!
Watch LIVE: about to interview about advancing in the Portland Mayoral Race.
Just saw #TheMostExoticMarigoldHotel was so lovely! I adore #MaggieSmith #JudiDench and
Crying myself to sleep bc I didn't get to see tupac at coachella
Super moon covered up by clouds.
Give away more smiles, more hugs, more pats on the back, and more encouragement. Lord knows we all need it! Go Viks!
in a related note, desktracker reporting feature is a nightmare.
lol...I'll see if it's on Netflix
chillin chillin, we gotta get up now that I'm back home for a while!
It is such a dreary day here! What happened to sumy Spring fever, Portland? Even the natives are complaining
Headache still here, not as bad & mann.. I am tired of sleepin!! What to do.. What to do??
but u have to admit, when Dylan's dad blew up in that building explosion...no one saw that coming!
we met 3 years ago, and never would i have ever thought it would escalate into this.
Off to the Bay Area again, but another tight trip & full slate of meetings. If you're around & I get a break, I'll let you know.
Rest In Peace Jack LaLanne. One of my heroes and a remarkable life.
Snookie. New poster child for abortion or what?
Great words for kids whose parents abandoned them "The past has no power over the present moment." — Eckhart Tolle.✰ .¸¸.∗ ✰ .¸¸.∗
I think fitch moved out of Michigan. He has left me alone and so far no one says anything about him. Grit seeing you too!
you guys made my day with that this morning. hahahaha im still laighing
fuck you , go burn !
Few TV shows make me cry on regular basis, but #onetreehill has always made me think, feel & cry. Great show! cc
New Macy's at Southridge=Lame. I ea really excited for a new, awesome Dept store in the MKE area.
Anyone know of extended work on Griffith Jones and the Welsh circulating schools? Only found couple tidbits...
Yes! Our colors will be purple and silver. And our first dance song will be.. Barbie girl.
Lmao Awww ": Im over all this FUTURE lol still in my feelings"
Ha Ha RT : yes it was a crazy big donut one of my coworkers ate. There were more in the box...
the key is to do small things with great love.
This Kourtney and Kim/Kardashians marathon on E is not good for my productivity...
#Letsgoooo! Wrapping up photoshoot & interviews with cast of film "Recognize" w/ Behind the scenes footage by
i just finished working. debating whether or not I can stand to join the dinner party my bf is throwing downstairs or if i'm out of energy.
Looks like Randy Hopper's found work.
Hello... Hello... Is this thing on?
Max Payne 3 came out today, Battleship comes out Friday, this is going to be a good week. Call me a lame, i don't give two fucks.
thanks for the kind words! Would love to chat - send me a note at Jess (at) dabble.co
Ghirardelli chocolate ice cream , I just died
catch myself and doing some promo work #ForMyCity all over the Chi
At the Aragon waiting for the Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
Thanks. :D Here's hoping for all kinds of good things.
The only thing on ma mind
Mind racing
Of course. Hope search In CT for stolen Art is not another wild goose chase!
If you haven't tried the rhubarb galette at , you really should.
TEXT ME
you know what? screw it lets do IMAX 3D on Thursday night, I won't be able to swing friday night
": The school bookstore wouldn't buy back the textbook they made me pay $200 for. #firstworldpains" STORY OF MY LIFE.
YES.! I MADE IT IN TIME FOR THE WANTED
No shh I love you
For that, I have to revoke your friendship privileges for the next 5 seconds.
I'm sure you do lol. How is Vegas?
One day ill fully understand human behavior. Until then... Its fun trying to figure out people.
anybody want to buy my Dave Matthews Band ticket from me for the concert in The Woodlands on May 18? $45 for a lawn seat
- LOVE U MI AMOR
ahahhahaha me too
SUSTAIN the App.. coming soon!
thanks Jasmine! :) i'm feeling inspired/invigorated--or maybe that's just the coffee talking.
I dig my toes into the sand; the ocean looks like a thousand diamonds, strewn across a blue blanket.
how do these topics even get started? what a perfect example of women perpetuating patriarchy.
#raw10 u r Ghetto if yor curtains is old bedsheets. Spiderman is shootin a web @ an old pee stain.
you haven't been on twitter long enough for people to answer your silly questions either...
I'm so bored. I need to talk to someone. DM or something. Somebody
I'm 100% w/ u girlfriend. Can't wait to see the new u, and show u the new me. Xo
Happy Hump Day! RT if you wish it was Friday!
Why the heck is Swamp People not on tonight??Pissed!!!!!
it a rain day in florida
thanks for the RT and I love me some Patrick!
The creator of christian mingle going to hell
Exactly right. Thanks for checking.
call me fam
Welp goodnight folks....
Predictions?! Well I know we bouta save some lives! Haha, Can't wait to see what happens @ end of season tho
ISO a Developer, I have an exciting idea for a new Twitter #App, plz contact me. [Must have experience with the Twitter API]
If you're going to San Francisco in February please 'like' this post. I'll be at the RSA SecureWorld conference too!
I had a great Reuben at today. I should have instagramed how cool it was. But I was too hungry. So I ate it.
correct URL - WIN TWO tickets to the Desoto Jazz Festival - visit Facebook page and click on the icon at the top of the screen...
that's all she wrote
You know, the trouble with being the best man at a wedding is that you never get to actually prove it.
Haha aw thanks! I just might. :)
what SD musicians, bands, DJs, concert venues do you LOVE? email me at . top answers to be published in our june music issue!
please follow me I would be so happy! Please b my 300th follower u would make my dream come tru!
please tell me you didn't leave without me ;)
Looking at my Disney World pictures from May and wishing I was there right now!
RT : Don't forget to RT me today. Only 35 more followers until I give away a $500 gift card to one of my fave followers! xx
Sports history is one of my favorite things ever!
I REALLY wanna see you guys cover Justin Biebers song "Boyfriend". That'd be amazing. :)
RT : Mark Halperin says Jon Huntsman still has a chance. In other news, Mark Halperin knows nothing about politics. Nothing.
just got attacked (mass following) by spammy Twitter accounts, so obvious and still they seem to be around for days
Without strong, vibrant, healthy people, there can be no healthy family or healthy community-Burgerville. TRUE! Eat there 3/29 % sales to UW
*Intermiss: Just saw an outstanding piece choreographed by Rennie Harris!! I remember those early Philly performances of Rennie Harris & Co
thanks lady!
I need a job #being broke sucks
Watching #TopShot...I wish there was a #TopSmoke...I'd win that competition !
yup I update cydia installer and now cydia will not come up
Glad to hear that you came out unscathed! :)
Aw Lil mama mentioned the (:
If I can't participate in all the fun this weekend, I'm glad it's cold and raining on you bitches!
tell Ms.Morris i said Happy Birthday 😃
: Delicious #Organic Treats for a #nonprofit #cause. Devour their "Just In Thyme" Lemon & Thyme cup & $1 goes to
My sisters honestly the most annoying person to ever walk this planet
The largest cell in the
youre right it's not funny. It's hilarious
Well, that's exciting! But, would have been pretty cool.
BITE YOUR TONGUE RT I honestly keep forgetting Beyonce has a legit fanbase
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you.
We have to say we are so proud of the US women's soccer team!
Months of work, I'm sure. I went to the link and got distracted by the headline "Chicken Man's house explodes"
im going to tell. lol.
It is killing me not being Austin this year for SXSW....NEXT YEAR!
That's okay. If - if we hit anything, the engine will explode, so you know, it's better if you're thrown from the car.
Can’t believe I still got that hat… umm
That was pretty intense, and a great raw, I can't wait for extreme rules!
What do you do when you show up early for a TV interview? I'm reviewing my talking points in the car of course.
Institutionalized racism is still in every fabric of American society, we have to understand why.
Really looking forward to attending the Open Mobile Summit in November
Hi! Thanks for hosting!
lol! what a beautiful chicken wrap
Now I can use yousendit...if I can, I KNOW you can!!
BREAKING NEWS: Johnny Jolly released from prison.
Today just isn't Tuesday, it could be a new day 4 u, take the win.
I really could've used your most recent post a couple months ago.
Can't wait to get my autographed copy of #networkingdiary tonight from
Shopping downtown(:
Balancing a large coffee, my taxes and a boarding pass. Here we go.
next time you will have to get me some as well if you stop by
I smell a bonfire!
could you please tweet me?!? I love you so much and its my dream for you to tweet me! :)
I have some questions about jobs & certifications. Husband is losing video/audio job. Should I use contact form on your site?
I get to see you in about two weeks!
I like being alone but i get lonely moments too
Bum fuck indiana... Sounds like something that should be on the internet. A real absurd reality show
RT : Profs are often said to resist opening up classrooms to outside world. My experience: students resist it even more
you guys watching the baby in two weeks? You can have make her up. :-)
#raw10 I applaude our US Troops. We the Public dont understand the Freedom they provide 4 us. But, who can help TI keeps His?
hows life?.......... and what song were u talking about on FB?
Happy Birthday ! I wish all the best, and that all ur wishes comes true. Love you. -Babi
": I love my twitfammmmm <3" <--- we lobe you to!
ASPCA: Bronx Woman Arrested For Neglecting, Starving Seventh-Month-Old Pit Bulls
All I know is that Chuck Norris knows something.
Am I actually funny to other people?
i cant spell -.-
Well come on in and see us.. we don't bite ;)
and i just found a sweet new band: Autre Ne Veut- thanks !
nice meeting you and your gf at How much...Mr. Foster? at North Shore...check out my take on the #mff2011 so far!
Do I get a super secret spy pin or handshake or something?
I gt chased by a bird on the riverwalk sat..... fucking Texas Animals!!!
You best be kidding!!
haha, I know -- funny, right? I don't always follow my own advice, but I do my best. :)
- I've never seen premade! This is so easy & quick, though, you'll never even look at the premade again. :)
I'd say Sebastian Janikowski lives the high (fat) life. Makin a few mil and kicking a ball once in a while.
Oh, Cowboys, how I've missed you <3
#NYR need to come out flying on Monday
ok thanks
got it in writing! Next month then... #secretstairs ;)
true on all accounts.
Oh yeah!RT : DRUGS
OMG My Crush Jason sat on my Lap at lunch nd held my hand hdyujxnuxhcdx -DEAD- :)ILYShawty<3
At the Mavs game!!! Court side!
I always need to be doing something , i hate being left alone with my thoughts
"Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart." -Winnie the Pooh
Hey Long Island. Get your Business Out on the Internet to Hundreds of Thousands of Customers! Only $99 a year for a showcase ad.
totally been a minute; how are YOU doin
i do!
love you <3
I So Net To Get Ink'd Up <3
Bleu Patio is Rockin already. Come get some!!!
followed me today...that's like...a celeb following me. Eat that all you ppl who hate me bc I'm socially awkward!
AlbertEinstein: We owe a lot to the Indians who taught us how to count without which no worthwhile scientific discovery could have been made
Wizards vs. Bucks, Taco Tuesday, does it get any better?
do it. I'm in too.
I have to take F.C.A.T today can u WISH ME GOODLUCK PLZZ it would mean ALOT to me
Toys know too much...They see too much LOL
I actually like it!!...I love AJ Green, plus I don't trust Marshall or lynch...unless if Peyton goes to MIA.
#Dolphins draft key #3: The cheers on TV after Dolphins picks are deceptive. The draft is in New York and they are Jets fans celebrating.
Cautionary love, forbidden love, there's a pun there somewhere...
Big huge, whoppin thanks to my two new followers, and
The problem isn't even that those fools think Obama is Muslim. It's that they will use that as a reason to discredit him & not vote for him.
scares me that you know details of pretty in pink so well. i think the hair was actually part bed head, part "less than zero".
Looks like Aaron is going home tonight....how does Micheal survive when he was originally voted off 4 weeks ago and the judges saved him?
tight game but honey badgers took the W
Who lives in #palmbeach or #delray ? I want to connect with my constituents...DM me and let me know what your concerns are!
yup getting married on the 18th in Destin. We leave on Monday :)
thanks boo <3 :*
I Can be a Frog
Thanks for the follows and !
Give our Camp Randall store a call and they can help you out! 608-256-9499
A Future OF with the names Xavier Avery and LJ Hoes would be bad-ass..
I finished my song last night!!! =]
And thank u! Yep. Mercer Island Half Marathon to kick-off the year! Any upcoming community events?
Awesome Halftime show. Madonna did an awesome job!
Ty. Ya still some left. Think half of it is sold but don't know for sure cuz 2p2 is down. Will dm u link when I get to a comp
7 am waking up in the morning gotta hit snooze so I don't wake up
no my momma won't let me leave I just had surgery :( :( :(
“: Hey mizzou fans. Shut the fuck up. Where did you make it. NOWHERE.”
#why #not #make #every #word #a #hashtag #all #the #time?
tryna step my twitter game up lol, can a nigga get some followers? Im finna be famous yall...
I agree. We will be there May 12 - 23 to celebrate our grandson's first birthday. Hope to visit some wineries; maybe the river.
me too. I loved mediafire. :(
aw yay! thank you so much :). I am so glad to hear that
Just got one of those "you can tweet but can't text back" messages. Uhh... Yeah. When I say leave me alone I mean it.
Get me to 50 and i'll give you some throwaway stuff....GET ME 100 to get a real deal freestyle!!!!!!!!!
OH ME, OH MY, WE HAVE FRIES!
ALL MY WEST COAST PEOPLE TUNE INTO FOX FOR MOBBED
well you make a good point there but yeah I don't know depends on ya know the time
When is someone going to open a Chick-fil-a in NYC? It's one of the must eats every time I go home to see my family.
I hope you typed this Tweet while you were NOT driving & observing the terrible drivers
I want my China Doll look back just for a while
I just texted youu back babe! :)
oh cool
that's great! We have spent a ton of time in the gym since seasons end. He's working so hard. Different player than a yr ago
In love with the person you pretended to be...
ringring!! HEllo??!! Hi Hayley!!!, it's #mofones! Thanks so much for the follow!! xxxoxoxo!!
nah I only bought one /: but yeah I'm gonna do rocker make up too.
of course you can use it - JY
Super tired o:<
Anze is Super!
Add me on Skype "evanam" and on Facebook /EvanAMartin.
follow and we dont mess with lames lol
"She must be single! Look at all of the crinkle cut fries!"
REMINDER: Your taxes must be submitted &/or post marked by midnight TONIGHT!
a fellow Encinitas guy in New York. Wurd!
@ OK Cuhhh If This Is You ....
Gotta finish my page, Geometry test. My two most pressing things today.
that is so very kind of you to direct all issue to chris and I!
Stamped Concrete Info Staining Concrete Floors Follow Us !
to clarify, the original tweet was not a debate topic, it was an opinion that you decided to argue upon,
In my world all of the guys from 1D are appreciated ! I love them all equally ❤'
Yes!!! RT : I'm good workin!! You gotta come to one of my dinner parties with your girls and see what I do ;-)
oh okay but draw it fast!!!
Happy Belated Cinco de Mayo to you... or we could say Siete de Mayo? :-)
didn't lose because of Granger though..gotta make adjustments on D. PNR feat. Nelson/Anderson & maybe want to locate
Nice score is a score!
Friday night boys "finding me out" sounds just like a mix between and Oh snap! :3
I'd like to give a Shout Out to Obama, the one term president. Today marks the end of his relevance. His utter clueless, careless remarks.
find out and tell me so I can buy them :3
haha your bio said you know you like it, I said I LOVE IT
thanks...will be a great weekend. Hope you have a great one too.
"You've got seven individuals who are walking the street, who basically got away with murder" - Steve Heisler, Simmons' family atty.
No sound yet on live stream - just a long beeping sound. Hope that changes!
Awww, you're welcome! Hope you're having a great weekend!!
Celebrating today with a nice walk, gratitude, dinner w/friends, & Small Craft Warning uber-pils. Life is good.
One does not simply pronounce it "Lew-is" 👌
I'm ready for the sexy photoshoot pictures (;
ya, duh! that is called "par for the course"!
BREAKING NEWS: Former Packers kicker (and my wife's favorite) Ryan Longewell cut by Vikings.
!!!!! RT : It's depressing falling off w| someone that gave u good head
mix of the mardi gras mash (tastes like hawaiian punch!) and electric lemonade. deeeelish. gluten free!
i cannot fucking wait for carb day
I guess they were underdogs after game 5 in boston in '10.
dont forget about our Covenant Wine Tasting Event taking place this evening 7:30-9:30 with Wine Maker JEFF MORGAN THE CASK
Back n the sky I go..pushing back Jenolo #release 2 next weekend #sorry but want 2 make sure everything is #100percent good
Sending my love from Savannah.. a well needed and deserved weekend away from all of life's stresses.. worries and heartaches...
Stayed up just so I can say happy mothers day to my momma,also its my first mothers day so im pretty happy lol :)))
Okay folks, more shows are coming up this weekend so I hope to see you!
Happy Leap Day! Visit the Third Ward and find fun once-in-four-years sales at , , and more today!
Anyone else seeing an onslaught of spam accounts following you on ? They have ~4 boards, 75+ pins & blank Twitter profiles.
Thanks to all of you who checked out my app "All About Sounds". Ratings appreciated!
is on David Letterman tomorrow night everyone tune in!!
thank you sis. Thank you for your blessings!!! I am a college student, not teacher lol. And it's my final week having 5 exams :(
I thought all of #RVA's cougars were at Cafe Cattura?
Get those big fellas goin inside!
I don't necessarily agree with everything I say
hey dude
Rise of the Planet of the Apes in early childhood
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
we coming for that bread, ski mask on, wake up to the hammer say wassup
.Hahahah, well thanks!(;
bahahaha I bet there are a bazillion likes on there
Da crib bro bro
woo! Zahraa was here cunt. c; ♥
Take this world and give me Jesus.
im almost to 1000 tweets. oh joy ha
New profile picture. Amateur photoshop skills on my CS6 beta photoshop. See me by the highway with sign: "Need $ for software"
couldn't agree more... Kind of anticlimactic
Batman comics all day at work..
It would be awsome if Mr. Bennett noticed as well. Or maybe one day work for Mr. Paulsen or someone else in Cali or be an
What a clever choice of words- please tell me it wasn't deliberate! But it had to be. Sorry but too funny.
Oh no :( We're working hard to get more cars out!
Sometimes a random encounter totally changes your life
so i attempted to watch the human centipede 2...never seen anything more messed up in my life. damn
I love the idea of a "code camp" or "developer's weekend" as a possibility that kept coming up.
uhfjadhfjadksdjhfaksjd i CAN'T
We're free until 1 PM on Sundays, so it's a great time to come ceck out our Spiral Resonance land art.
Aye. We got that bao.
Good Morning Everyone!
Last act of the last Ross in the Royal Theatre! Here we go!
Even tho COD bl Ops is six months away, kno that if you want it early...it can be yours!!!!! U can be the one with the advantage this time!
lol stop playing with me chanel
heart of dankness is an ambitious non-fiction book (if I say so myself).
Ok, I've had my nap. Round 2.
Ahh. My bby answered my question.
Aight, I'm a be good! Lmao We have to get up soon for the spring/summer : LMAO!!! I can't with you today Deb. OMG!
Lost Brian Lahair...
the world doesnt revolve around you. so get over yourself and come back to reality.
He just took it too damn far
One thing that a female really hate is a grown broke nigga.
Hey Austin, I joined yesterday... Im a new Mahomie!!! Just so you know <3
and congrats to you. Sorry about the traffic
I thought Peter Jurkin had a real SHOT at making the #McdonaldsAllAmerican game.
Don't like working out... Go #dancing!
Way to go, Celts!!!!
To Do List Today: Run 5M; Write 500+ words; Fold 5 loads of laundry.
Never Mind I found the number.
Thinking so much about so little
I no longer use Hotmail. Please bookmark my new email address:
I saw Dark Shadows a week ago someone go with me again I'm having post Johnny Depp depression
Thanks. Hope things are well at the new job. Let me know when you are going to the next ONA meetup
I"m a big Joshua fan, but Skylar was the most entertaining to watch. I really wanted a Josh/Skylar finale. Still bitter.
then stop hating him and you'll get better! ;P
“Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.” - Seneca
yo man happy new year. Hope all is well
Sadly true, it seems. And Heinekin at that. 007 used to be spy thrillers. Now it's explosions. Best Bond is OSS 117 from France.
Hazelnut coffee & Great way to start off this December :)
nice! It's only right around the corner now!
only orange available on site...update? Want blue..or lavendar or taupe.. Bravo for coolest
FOLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH AND I DID FOLLOW FOR YOU! <3 biggest fan!
one more week until i turn 16 (y)
Getting #drunk while being #sick seemed like #agoodidea ...
OKC TAKING KOBE OUT THIS YEAR
no im 25 no kids stay in vegas from cali im a certifed nurse asst
Guess whose back
Past. I love you with all my heart and I wanna be with you so bad. Time will only tell when your ready to open up to me and be mine.
Giuliana, Bill Rancic: Baby's Arrival Is "Sneaking Up on Us"
oh gotcha. Wow the traffic!!
Just discovered LyricPlay from Shazam! Now I can karaoke with the right words!
Spelling every lie you spelled before (8)!
does #tagcrazyipad get you more chances 2 win?
Last night in St Louis was seriously one of the most fun shows we've ever played. Thank you guys so much!!!
All the judges on #thevoice are high tonite
I TRIED HITTIN YOU UP BRUH
cannot stand a dude that stand and walk like a ballet dancer..that shit is not hard whatsoever!
I weighed in and gained 0.8 lbs.
Wassup T Swift
I need my bestie.
So excited to see the project being built next door to me! How exciting!
Semester nearly over, and it was a brutal one. Have to use this month to plan better. In other plans, will be starting a beard on 12/21.
It's comforting to know I can look at your posts and just laugh at the funny ones. Even if I am just waking up, too.
I think my entire registration fee went toward this high-quality
you haven't tweeted me in a while...i'm sad. D;
#nowplaying Wayne Escoffery and Veneration, "The Sake of It."
send us a note at with what you want to order and we might have something for you! :)
Two games down. 4 points. The sure thing turned out to be a 6-6 draw. Ouch.
thankss April(: & my day is going wonderful, I hope yours is even better<33 love you<3 Xox
You know you love this life
union rags,alpha,daddy nose best
Have an amazing time! Thanks for using ShowClix :)
awesome! im in there! what time? and do you want me to bring anything? drinks maybe??
Being a professional musician is like being a housewife. Much of the labor is invisible, which leads people to believe it's not "real" work.
oh goodness girl! i'm so sorry! i'll take a look at it today. thanks for the reminder <3
Can't wait till Buzz does that sweet West Virginia dance after this one!
Mondays are rough........
has her interview today for #Indianapolis Top 50 - go Steph!
Endings are beginnings in disguise.
great work at #cxnats adam, when they bring nationals to austin you can smoosh them in my backyard!
64 Degrees in The Lou!!!
who votes for college football hall of fame? line them up to be slap for excluding tommy frazier.
Coach Sark, any chance the white helmets will be sold as a mini? I have a gold and an all purple.
I love how I may be having a rough day but he always manages to put a smile on my face.
Guess, I was late. So, good job! ~> RT : Finished! in 2 hrs 3 min! not too bad for not training 😁😁
Why bother going to a meeting if you're not prepared to change your mind? - Al Pittampalli
Thanks for following me back. Love your music. Do you have a youtube channel?
I think we met briefly when I came to Gelman to tape a clip for GW's diversity video, but I could be wrong. Taping was a blur!
This summer is gonna be f***ing crazy !!
Total letdown, but the Brewers will prevail. The citizens of Milwaukee will NOT allow their team to lose a game 5. Too much love.
Unbelievable dunk by Blake Griffin! Dunk of the year!
I really enjoyed the show yesterday! Dr.Hair is so funny lol I didn't know you were a Nursing Student! that's awesome! =)
I was just thinking about it!
It's Sunday, Sunday. Gotta do all my homework on Sunday, Sunday. :D
Thanks for the RTs, !
I might go ahead and buy some plugs at Hot Topic so I'll have them when I pierce my ears and get them big enough in a few weeks.
oh. Omg. Link me (x you can just call me stranger LOL
Screaming at the bar because the just won in OT. What happened? I used to be a girl..-" A
Thank you all so much for your birthday wishes!
I knew this at a theoretical level, but now at a practical level. #Adjunctification of higher ed is incredibly problematic.
Banners have been delivered all day.... If u haven't gotten it yet please be patient... They are coming!
does anyone have any good song suggestions maybe covers of austins for my fan vid of him and alex! and if you wanna be in the vid tweet me!
I'm quite hungry...... But I'm in bed so i have to deal wit it.
Bicentennial of the War of 1812: Artillery Drill happening at 10:30 in Lenape Indian Camp
oh my friend suggested quesedillas today.The conservative South Indian in me went for salads..il try next time for sure.
In my friends facebook picture the guy in the background has a jalex shirt on. I see you guy with the Jalex shirt.
Contest for Blue Man Group tickets coming soon!
Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much a heart can hold.
He should learn this now: money talks, BS walks.
We both live in WI and I am an aspiring foodie my myself :)
GAB and Milwaukee Cty DA holding news conference Monday on "results of a significant investigation" at 2 pm at GAB's Madison office.
michael pesce's piano party! february 19 and 21!
You'll be on my mind for tonight
*Curtis and the Dicks
I feel like I'm cheating on the Mavs with the Thunder. I could never fully commit though.
We hv a booth there too. Hope 2 c u. RT : I stopped by with to see you! Could you tell me when...
pet peeve: email notifications saying you've successfully unsubscribed.
Having too many people in your house, backyard, or balcony
Just edited the shit out of a bunch of new songs.
This Devils Flyers game is really good.
What's Up, Everybody!
The Bee wrkshp is going to bee (Ha! get it) GREAT! I'm sure can give you a ride to the event!
Yes! I love everything avocado.
Wow! It looks awesome!
If you aren't playing well, the game isn't as much fun
A Trailer for "You're The Bomb"
Please DM us w/the time, location & bus# or email so we may follow up cc:
Congrats Master!
nah that ladies a bitch I ended up going at 7 tho.
also ron paul gets no love
No I love you more. i think i should take drama this year, aye? It would probably do me no good though cause it's my last.
Morning ya'll! Feeling a little country this morning...Join me and Jess for the latest on new fires threatening homes.
Return from Cancun they split family of 4 on to 2 flights. One pair direct to ORD, other adult and kid via IAD. Cc:
