Yes, I've been a Cards fan all my life. I can remember Crum's 1st team that went to the Final 4. I'm not a Pitino fan though.
RT Blogger Relations 8/18, noon @ The Grill at Hotel La Jolla! Attend & get advance reg to 10/11 NBC Studio Tour!
NICE! What's the spot again?
Seriously folks-this is awesome! : Bundy hits 100 on stadium gun in second inning at Perdue Stadium tonight.
#Dreamchasers2 Had #DatPiff crashing. Now we gotta use Live Mixtapes out of every site lol
#OMGHELP: Vernal & Atumnal are adjectives for spring & fall. What are adjectives for summer & winter?
way outside.
Great news, just got an up-right bass to finish the song A Little More Time.
As one myself, I thought I'd just let you know it's O'Connor without any "e." But good reporting nonetheless.
Ask for the Old School $7 - 2 eggs, ham-bacon-or sausage, toast with our homemade jelly!
Now that the APUSH exam is over, we're spending the rest of the year watching a documentary on The Beatles in that class. Heck yeah.
can't wait to "chill the fuck out" tomorrow at friends' house with a C.T.F.O. party.
The Game marathon!!
How I know I'm a geek: My bridal shower is taking place on Google+ video chat #notkidding I should get a prize...
Just won a free trip to Denmark at
You remmber me tho right I was jlooneytoone. I was one of your followers before.
what an awkward time for a meetup...
#SaySomethin is my fudging summer jam. no doubt about that.
Excited for cocktails with my coworkers to support
Hope you had a great weekend! RT : Thanks
We were ranked15 once,4-0 against top 25 in FL,beat creek+station,broke wins+hits rec,best ace and lost to#1pitch team
bad joke alert: "they're like a microwave for relationships!" If this makes no sense I won't be offended.
We briefly considered renting stilettos instead of bowling shoes, but it didn't go over very well...
haiku: Clippers can advance, ending their futility, like my need for tail
u the nigga singing the hook on welcome to H-Town?
Audition today with Reggie Bush, I get to wear my highschool cheerleading uniform. Thank goodness it still fits!
I love 5 de mayo
Anytime someone tell you Wins mean more than stats then ask them if they think Phil Simms was better than Dan Marino?
Good lord, that's a lot of twizzlers!
Based on psychologic study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you are already in love.
ugh I'm soo hungry!
Thanks sweetie RT : Love that "Bad Muthaf*cka"! One of my favs on August's Mixtape
Entertainment: Rachel Weisz to star in Dream House along with Daniel Craig
One of the greatest music festivals is the great all mighty SXSW (1,900+ bands)
i wanted you so badly
FarealRT “ If I call u a bitch dat mean I love u” <<< Lmfao
Just met the pied piper of wallingford. He was whistling on his front porch and a squirrel ran across the street and hopped into his lap
I need to step up my tweeting game!
currently doing the chicken noodles soup down yalls
“: Simba: “But you’re not scared of anything.” | Mufasa: “I was today. I thought I might lose you.” –The Lion King”
just had horrible experience with #comcast "customer service"; have been a customer for over 20 years & spending untold $.
This day can seriously suck it.
I just wanna thank god for All The beautiful women i know..
...not you. Don't flatter yourself.
nope, were professionals.
Hotel dropped a newspaper at our door this morning, my 5 year old said "daddy u don't need that, just read the news on your ipad".
I feel like you only mean what you say half of the time, the other half you could care less
I dunno, me spilling that wine was a bit of a gaffe...
Justin's turnig 18 tomorow! #kidrauhlforever Happy Early birthday I love you! ♥
BURGERS BURGERS BURGERS! Come grab a chocolate covered afternoon snack or a delicious burger!
It's over!
Oops.used #MichelleObama instead of in my last tweet.Wouldn't it be great if these 2 hashtags trend together:)
They say love is in the air , so uh , I hold my breath til my face turn purple
we are too silly !
Sad we see who really dont love this game. Guess yall should start your own league! Oh well back 2 football..stay great wade.
It's not that my standards are impossible to reach.... It's just that guys aren't used to girls that have them..... Standards that is!
OK the move to Sarasota is finally complete, now back to the setting up more shoots
MISSING GIRL HAS BEEN FOUND SAFE
Oh! An update on the duckings - they've been transported to a new home where they can get the love/care they deserve.
It would be a miracle if I knew what to do for this english project.
Wanna get my ears pierced
Sign me up!
thanks for the video link! def. of interest. will post of our facebook page. thnxs.
ha. Give them extra claps for me. Unless they don't mention River, then they fail.
Football should be part of our national defense budget.
Visit blog.eol.org & use the "Questions, Requests & Feedback" link at the top to "nominate" taxa
He's a badass!
nothing...? why?
Sinus infections suck.
"Obsessed is the word lazy people use to describe the dedicated"
I followed(:
17 hours. Yeah, I'm counting down the hours. That is how excited I am.
She burns water and toast is
follow & if you go to Vegas, hit up Burger Bar. Foie as a toper - amazing.
did you edit it too?
Time roll up, a whole damn bottle by my self..
Santa Monica?? I thought he'd be living in Revere.
hahaha the summer is treating you well
I feel bad for the AFC east can't wait for Brady and the boys to make another super bowl run.
Welcome to the Twitter page for New School Media Coaching
TY for all the pics.Loving the blow by blow & will defs be followg yr live tweets #barnard2012 & #Obama on
If your business supports youth health and fitness, consider becoming a sponsor of the TEAM Fit Magazine. Ping us for info. Thanks!
Happy #FF and thx for the mentions!
Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom
New Outdoor Research clothing, hats, and gloves have arrived! Stop by or sneak a peak at www.theoutdoorsource.com!
long day today gonna retire early otta be in at 7 am
New social media buttons, yaaaaaay......
Very much appreciated, Melina. I'm fighting it like crazy and not giving in :)
I really really hate pushing carts in this heat. I'm about to be extra crispy.
Slow motion but progress homie. A couple sites showing luv but still a lot more work to do. Whatz been good yo way?
It stressed me out! I didn't watch last night's #GG - on my DVR and can't wait!
R.I.P. Vidal Sassoon
Avatar is better when drunk.
Good morning it's goona feel like VT in TX today!! Going to be in the 20's & mom said it might snow on Friday!! ;)
Her sister said they last smoked crack infront of the kids in January of this year.
great new avi very handsome :)
Off to bed. Goodnight, you sexy freaks of nature!
#grammyawards Great Show so far the Grammy’s got it right this year!!!
I love it when some random person takes my parking spot. Thanks a lot jerk
oh ok lol nothing tho come through.
Beautiful Sunday morning :)
Ride my face so ik its real
But she don't like me nor care about anything I do u took her to a baseball game lol but she don't like me so yeah
I use Assistant and I like it.
I still don't understand and never will.
Good luck to my family!! Bring it back to Texas! #purpleheart💜
Listening to speak to us virtually at #nar11 using Elluminate.
I love this post!! Makes my heart smile!
Thanks for the follow. YOU GUYS ROCK!!!
So much to do...too lazy to do any of it
When can we stop by for a sample we are your neighbors on Tyler St.
Starting a revolution is harder than it looks, just ask
Touchdown L.A. Prepping for a busy week of actor meetings and writings!
agree although sports nation is fun to. My boy doing it big
Thx for all the new follows! Hit us up on Instagram ;) facebook.com/alessaisred
You both give me *big* smiles and reasons to laugh out loud.
#followfriday my bud who's pd and primetime on 101.5 krox but running for Austin City Council place 4. Great for Ausin & Music!
Patiently awaiting the Tequila break
just saw the security footage of my youth minister falling on stage and kicking the table across the room.
If you're taking part in the general strike you're not supposed to do household chores. I can get down with that part.
What is the woman that lead all the BOYS on? A GAME!!!
Washington D.C. is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
3rd iPhone this month!
#NP Big Brother by Yeezy #LetsWork S/O my big brother <<<he put n taught a lot in this industry
Watching Criminal Minds!
Gosh! Her act like a Monster!
lol you asses .
Last day of practice ! :)
PS Jim, remember to keep telling everyone what u say on ur show 'This is NOT 2008!'The banks aren't collapsing! Kyt :j
Oh my god her breath stink
Went to bed with 512 followers. Woke up two nights later with 581.... CRAZZZYY!!! :D
the microphone is ON as you are playing this story. Turn off the mic!!!
LIKE HIP HOP OR WHAT ???
He is! Gorgeous skin.
Good morning! Welcome to my world of social media fun. So glad to see you here.
My only beef with on that? Tony Bennett's teams have only defended the 3 well in 3 of his 6 years. Dick's teams 2 of 4 yrs at WSU.
I'm sleeping in my dogs bed tonight. Happy Valentines to me.
When I can't open my nail polish bottle. Ugh <<<
yeah that was trending
I could have figured that out myself
i haven't been on here in a while ): i'm tryna get on more ! well eating pizza w/ sarina :)
Eileen Brady says will fight with her entrpreneurial spirit, and build coalitions
thanks buddy!
i cant read texts remember??????????? LOL
Wiscy fan and not even Gus makes them watchable tonight!
43% of people believe God helps Tebow win. 37% believe it's the devil. 15% believe it's defense and, 5% don't know what miracles are.
Hi lInda here is our twitter account would love to see the pictures from your party at De Rodriguez Cuba
We don’t need a special day to celebrate chocolate but its National Chocolate Cake Day so come and try sweets from one of our many vendors!
Be the change you want to see in the world!
“: am the only one that puts lotion on my ass? 0.o” hmm I should try that haha
Loved getting to meet you ! What a fun set, right? A crew of NFL players vs a crew of filmmakers...hm...
Am I the only person who does not enjoy going out to eat? I don't like people watching me eating, waiting for food, or the $.
#Something Is in what we are speaking raises your glass for because we are #Yoü & I letterwithout You ♥♫ #My Heart Gold#
Point and Click.
I must say that I'm quite sure I need to visit Europe.
that had to hurt... #grandslam :-)
Some questions don't get asked because we fear the answers.
sending my luck to
There's always another day and Kay Kay's Craft Mall.
At HS workout with Rambo and the guys
Listening to "Doin' That Thing To Me" by CHIC
Just what I need! 2 more hours of social networking!
Be yourself
hm idk!! Explosions in the sky is probably the only ones I wanna see! And mstrkrft again! 🎸🎤😝
Alright, my bed is calling....until tomorrow.
haha I think it is. But no body is going
found myself at veggie grill again today. also found russell simmons there ;)
Good Night Twitter!!!!! :)
Bottle of red wine, allergy medicine, and a massage
Caring for a friend's cat. Reminds me of Leidy-Peidy--all good memories. How lucky is that?
I Need To Get Drunk Tomorrow.
haha yeah evertually x) how old are you?
I've been crying a lot today. Stupid wind-blown plastic bag.
How many Almond Milk drinkers do we have out there?
Thanks for the RT! So important to spread awareness.
I wish I could live tweet this.
Congrats on her first #fantasyfootball victory! another tough loss...
This #Cubs vs. #Brewers box score will be fun to look at in the morning.
lmfaooo xD you amazing . i agree with you 100% .
missing you at 21st and M - lunch just got a little less exciting.
Too late to go to bed now, everyone's waking up! I'll just have a Redbull or 2 or 5 lol
shrimp,home made cocktail sauce,truffle salt seasoned filets,garlic/Parmesan infused mash potatoes,asparagus spears & pancetta
THE BLUES OF SISYPHUS Charles Johnson on the E-Channel:http:// www.ethelbert-miller.blogspot.com/
follow me ?
I have brains lol... just dont have the HEART for basketball... i dont watch it so
Haha Man Yea That Was EPIC! Forreal Man Good SHit U Guys Did Ur THing!
I can't complain about sleep. Mostly tired from trying to keep up with a toddler…and I run marathons!
Spoiler alert........breaking dawn is awful!!!
Man my short ass can't see shit lol
RT : You always #ActLikeYouKnow everything when you don't know shit
Truly selfless indeed. But the ladies want to handle this one. Alternative: one program per country- Django/Spain. Py/CA
Find out all about our new inspiring, innovative and invformative event series Lead the Change, visit us in booth 634 during
Though inexperience showed, Randi Miller wins MMA debut with 3:27 3R TKO over Molly Estes in close fight.
Welcome Russell Roberts, great to have your business experience on board behind Bonamour. Great team you and Sean Richie are forming!
You are so pretty <3
Hello SEXY ;) Happy Blue Bloods <3
Lol so I woke up to 21 new mentions cuz of the rampage & me went on last night :')
bring yourself to taco mamacita nashville and see if you can finish all 18 tacos. Everything from lamb to plantains.
This is my 1,400 tweet!
Please wish me a happy belate 11.11.11 my wish for that day was a reply & a follow from you & too!:] xoxo♡
thanks for the follow :)
Sure, along with other appropriate spoiling steps...brunch, Sunday papers, fave book or movie while you're gone, etc.
geez! Guy runs downstairs for booze for one second and I'm getting sh*t!
Good to meet you.
Getting 12 Mbps up and down on my 4g iPad is pretty nice, makes my phone feel way too slow
U know I luv you, right? So if I leave 2 get some ACTUAL writing done, I don't want to be hearing the sound of panties twisting.
Huh? (PS c u at EEOB 2mrw herman) RT : Is a classy geek? The answer is YES RT so? We win?
#h2sscavengerhunt is back today. 1st clue, this restaurant was just written up in the ajc about its grits. Come find 2 great giveaways.
You looked like Barbra Streisand's pubes.
Yay I taught my first Italian class today!
thank you lol
doing scholarly-article type research with no access to university library system - this really sucks
Eclipse wass so good!! Gotta see it agaiin! =) Bout to put on some more movies with the sisters.
- in Houston, where are you?
Damn it Dillard.
It's #GameDay at #USC Beat the Huskies!!!!
#ACFamilyMeeting play Beautiful Mistake!
Many thanks!
. has highlighted #AAA2011 sessions on hospital ethnog, diagnosis, medical tele-tech, reproductive politics. Sad to miss conf!
Having dinner Yummers! Get the green chiles tacos!
Congrats to my friend for tonight's big win... You did us proud TK.
It has begun. Enjoy the #MilwaukeeDay tweets of Pretty much the best part of every 4/14.
I had to think about that one.
thanks for your opinions, I think I'm going to sell my m43 gear and find a used x100!
good morning :))
Rapunzel tells us one thing about love. Climbing the highest tower is less difficult if someone at the end gives you the reason to hold on.
Many congrats, Ryan!
my.... cameras.... gonee.... gonna strangle someone.
another test update
Lost in all this Rondo stuff is the Celtics were blown out by Atlanta without Al Horford
#EarthFair going Strong
Why don't you just stick to being fake you for awhile. :-)
Hi Jenifer St. Market! Question: do you sell ice cream cakes?
Just made a bet with that I can be nice to her for a week.. lord help me.
Your welcome hun.(:
Thanks for the RT dude!!! :D plus thanks for letting me and my team be a part of #ARTa12 ... C u soon!
i like the
Battle of the beltway tonight! Normally am now into mlb but go o's!
Good morning, I hope all is well. My name is Street Spirit. I figured i should introduce myself now so we're familiar later.
Callback time..... Send me good vibes :-)
Sean Hopkins & I agree, #Chamber was a weird PPV. Booked more like Raw or Smackdown but it's nice to see Punk & Daniel defending at Mania
thank you!
Me gusta Nate!!
I've been hearing good things about The Night Circus and will interested to see what you think of it!
If Obama's speech preempts the Packers/Saints game next Thursday, he can just cross Wisconsin off in the election.
Can I use it to control others?
Thank you!! “: Happy Teacher Appreciation Week suga! :) your passion & drive is appreciated!”
We need some more motivated people in this world. People who are not afraid to fight for what they want!
Maybe it's a glitch, but I think blocked me. Must have been something I said.
Happy birthday to one of my bestest friends in the world :) love that girl
3. to be appreciated for what they do for you, just a simple thank you will do
The subtitle of this meeting should be: parade of snacks. These people are constantly eating, snack after snack
" It's not consider cheating if u put peanut butter on ur testicles and let ur dog lick off "
I strongly dislike those "beliebers" that are like "OMG, I'VE BEEN IN LOVE WITH JUSTIN BIEBER SINCE 2007." & I'm there looking at them (c)
Capitol hill souvenir vendors have swapped out obama for m.j.
We on that again
“Right to pause and own [the space where you choose your response to a situation]
should we leave the room?? awkward....
Attend our tea 101 course next Tuesday (10) or Wednesday (11). Free to attend, just call us to RSVP!!
RT : My favorite poems by Langston Hughes are |Genius Child| and |Negro|.
The LMS implementation is going.
I been keepin oit on the low now a niga bout to be back on hit up top shit
Nice! Seems hard to believe I first saw them in 1993!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!💚
#sschat Planning on trying a QR code scavenger hunt for a review activity...any tips from those who have used these in the classroom.
if you follow me, i'll send you a Christmas present!!<3
Also i live triviums new album in waves XD
I refer to as more or less the gateway drug of nerdy pop culture.
If the Mayans know so damn much, where are they now?
SOME PEOPLE HAVE NO SHAME WHEN IT COMES 2
Thanks new followers!!
i need sleep!
ugh. “: Devin Harris is 22 of 37 free throws in clutch situations this year #DALatUTA”
Where the hell is my full Bourne Legacy trailer?
Watched you work with kids. Please look at free Golf Washington app. Give us feedback on making it better for young golfers
Happy Halloween everyone and stay safe tonight :-)
At least they are getting paid and the ones that are watching are just talking about it, but still watching. lol Now who's stupid?
Does anyone in la wanna go see a movie ?
ok so between the 22nd and may 1st...and i'm not going back till end of june
I bought a Walgreens brand razor a couple of weeks ago. It is THE BEST RAZOR I HAVE EVEN OWNED!
she's as unstoppable as a cigarette, face like an actress from 1943, but she talks to me.
I get a weeks worth of battery life. Only say 4 days.
I have cream cheese. You bring the bagels and I'll make them in my clean(er) house
Jury duty is that boring, huh? RT : Woah.. I forgot how to use twitter
Sounds like a fabulous working environment.
I hope I'm number 1
Final thought from Nichols, she says AB 32 makes me proud of being a Californian.
#AlexFollowMe (: it would make my day! 😍 🙏
Checking out designs at
Thanks for the RT!
Krod with a nice 1,2,3 inning. #Brewers are headed to extras!
Oh okay cunt
REALLY hate arbitrary prereqs for classes I want to take. Esp. when they aren't assigned to a prof so I can't even get approval to register.
This nigga called me blood bath lmfao!!
whoops! Our mistake, thanks for the catch! :)
Yeah...twitter, hey... Long Time no tweet.
lol wow,, i so agree
Thank you to all Cougar Fans for making Cougar Week in Spokane a tremendous success, over 12k at the various events!
#AskAlexAnything Will you follow me?
RT : Remember when our 1st build day was freezing cold? Everyone still showed up to build! We were freezing but we kept going.
i don't care if you light skin or dark skin....
I don't know about you, but I love Freedom!
I think he's just hiring copyeditors and proofreaders. But send him a note--maybe he can hook you up!
#IWasBornThisWay to tell u how I feel regardless u like it or not
thanks for the follow! After an 18 hr day and a few beers i'm hittin the hay...
i'd rather not follow one of those people that give you tons of followers instantly because i want ALL my followers to be legitimate..
EVERYONE ℱℴℓℓℴω ▶▶ ◀◀ They follow back FAST! █▬█ █ ▀█▀ that follow button NOW!
Ive found the wasp nest at work.. Mission complete... Now time to take this bitch down..... To the ground
i love the moments when you realize you wanna be asleep but arent haha
where can I get a Rockies jersey 3xl pin strips preferred.
we could've had a sugar coma party!
I think Title V was funded for the first 5-6 yrs after NCLB signing. Haven't found a source on funding of Part B (charters)
Today, I've experienced the wonders of daytime and late-night TV - "super-beta prostate" really?!?
Many thx to great Tues dinner companions for a great time! & other friends
A kid I work with now is a Natural Born Creeper. Solid skills.
Ripe Pu-er uses an accelerated aging process that offers an alternative to having to wait ten to thirty years for the Raw Pu-er to mature.
my iPhone 4 about an hour ago. Shattered that thing.
How precious are thy thoughts unto me, O God! how great is the sum of them!
Unite says host hotels just take take take
no prob Bev, just trying to get some confirmation.
Tea is more than an idealization of the form of drinking, it is a religion of the art of life. ~Kakuzo Okakura, Book of Tea
Camp Rock is on. omfg Demiiiii.
Rangers vs Kings ..:-)
Opportunity knocks
As long as they aren't getting a prescip. for Viagra. That'd be too much
Munich, our time together is growing short. Paris we will meet soon.
i want a good ole PB & J sandwhich.
ight texting you now
Great summer list. Essays for pub. are on my summer list 2. But no book...Unless I have a total manic stage.
I have mine. BE JEALOUS.
if what ur sayin is true. Y are ppl Rt'n it then? Lol
Thanks for getting in touch. I talked with my sister Donna and also Uncle Augie. Thanks.
I think its time for bed gotta get up early and work out.mhave to get in shape before the summer
Yeah, but I bet you didn't get to have a giant elephant as your mascot!
The story about Sherry and Whitney (hehe) elementary on made me CRY!! I love it. Doing good comes back around
#LiesIveToldMyParents YES im still a virgin
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 12
Goodnight Darlings! :)
Me trying to rap like Twista > BEAST !
IF YOUR IN BOSTON TONIGHT AND YOU DON’T GO SEE ...YOUR A STRAIGHT UP SUCK HOLE.!!! HAHAHAHA!!! DICKHEADS...
#bizforum one last thing. Where can i see a transcript? I'm sure would love to see this chat
Beautiful wedding!
:) the song writer is about the best lyricist of all time
That's why I solely concentrate on profitability. Saves time, maximizes Audi purchases.
re Mamet essay: Long, integral works now; short, fragmented doesn't really -- post whole thing / tweet about aspects over the day
I'm getting off :) -Amanda
Cloudy day in #Manhattan. But a great day to smile at
I love passover❤
I am hungry for a miracle that will heal your broken heart and allow you to live and love again,cause you act so unworthy of love.
I should be sleeping, but I have the desire to go elephant hunting with Elijah Wood right now. Also lucid dreaming may be happening soon
what's up!!? What are you up to tonight?
RT : 5772 is the best baseball year ever.
The girls will definitely be the toughest to judge!
Hope the yard work was fun!
lol You Are Still so gorgeous
RT "sometimes the body juices congeal and hold the pins in place". Natural history collections are so much FUN!
You create a masterpiece without much thought ...
prolly. but i know the answer.
hey z, what's up
u still have a lot of life ahead of u. If u happy then that should b a part of ur dream that came through.
I bleed
Reading a historically portrayal of Mohammad, a key Prophet in Islam.. Very interesting! And great read!
Happy #childrensbookweek! In celebration, we'll be highlighting our children's book publishers and children's books all week long!
I think every person needs to find his own sweet spot when it comes to how much prayer he feels is right...
Seriously. RT : #gcyale Wish DeNardis had more time. This was excellent.
Hunting Season opens this weekend. Come to the gun show Sat and Sun
A dietitian is a good resource if your injured & can help you balance the increased needs of healing with decreased needs from less exercise
We hope you and enjoyed your breakfast this morning! What's on your agenda today?
OMG I'm like in love with her! she's freaking awesome! i see her all the time
Nothing is more powerful, than an idea whose time has come.
EVERYONE FOLLOW Shes amazing!!(: thanks.
Success doesn't come to you…you go to it.
Went shopping today!! It was a beautiful day!! :)
Omg I got skool morrow great. That should be fun :/
Good post! Now here is a Holy Hand Grenade to finish them off in style! ; )
Day three of Peter being sick... The poor boy is completely miserable. He has a pretty high temp. The dock says might be viral.
who got naked?
Just found out my grandparents ranch is on 800 acres. Who the fuck needs 800 acres?
Loving gives pain all the time for being sick and crying for unbearable desire; ironically, that painful desire fuels one's feeling as love.
Had to pull from bad memories to write a hard scene. Walking to clear my head. That part of my life is over now. I have nothing to fear.
Only 2% of venture-backed cos. are founded by MBAs? Yikes.
Let me check it out. thanks RT Bitcoin won't cut it, huh?
Dancing Queen.
Was walking out of my Ink Master casting call, saw the long ass line & asked them if they were here for the show or here to get tatt'd by me
Seriously though..ill pay you :)
A spam? Nope. This is the official Figaro's Pizza twitter. All the deals and promos we offer here are good at any Figaro's!
Sleep evades me tonight.
Oh dear every year gets harder to find what to get my mom roses don't work like when I was little.
if you're downtown and hungry, go to and get the bok choy edamame salad. Yum!
- I see my bunny necklace is still up on your front page. Thanks! The collection of goodies on there is SO DARN CUTE! :D
Haha. Will do. Please tell Nene & Nancy Proctor I said hi (and not necessarily in that order). :)
Some good Pac 10 football right now!
Second 4:30 am day this week.
SLIDE TO LAS BAYGES
ahh I wish! Miss you.
Jack great meeting you today love the show and enjoy New Orleans!!!
I'm loving tweets today!!
the gloomy weather makes me so tired
Tomorrow morning. Sleep.......
summ for nothin? nope. my talent iis too precious...
y am i up this early on my day off?? well i guess i'll play mw3 then
Rose Gold is the new Black
Alright, I'll chill out then. I can't believe I'm just seeing that.
“Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction.”~ Al Bernstein
Kobe and the Lake Show are going down
Yeah, think of evernote as a way of storing your random thoughts, ideas, and dropbox as a way of keeping your raw materials.
Holy Shit! I'm with Big T in Panema and we just saw this really tan blond chick with a bitch in her purse. So unreal. #wannabeHilton -Damien
hmm...interesting day
KC meteorologist rides a storm of success promoting weather radios - Kansas City Star
HAHA I LIKE THAT! now I have a new NEW favorite color!
Just had someone whose never played poker tell me the importance of setting up a schedule for playing
My office is so ghetto. LOUD!!!! UNPROFESSIONAL!!!!
ugh he talk to much can we move on please
congrads man go wolves go niners
Tip: you would pull off the hoodlum look more convincingly if you left the Spongebob cup at home.
Having a cold beer at the braves game! Life is Good!
Burgers, the 'Stone & people dancin' at the Red Mill - Love it!
Glad not to be on EITHER side of that band deal.
I don't Anything to do with the suffering of anybody,race or sex.I had nothing to about being male or white either, sorry .
lmao no keep it (: it looks hot on you
RT : Educating faith-based communities about child abuse is so important to bringing it to an end! Thank you to the......
Optimized for Search Engines - Online content must be crafted for visitors, but optimized for search engines
get packing!! Can't wait! :)
#wmnldrs The infamous Joan Prince leads off the panel of amazing women leaders including my mentor JoAnne Brandes. Yeah
if he didn't like it he would have started bitting me by now
#TurnToYou has got a nice vibe, it also has me inspired to make a song called Best Mom, yeah I know the names so original lol
Thanks for being a cool spot to share on! :)
Masked mamba clutch once again! Game going into overtime. Let's go Lakers!!! :D
I am an unashamed dramione and drarry shipper simply because its so impossible lol
Thanks for the shoutout. Guerilla Haiku Movement - coming up!
Tonight's passwords: $5 Rant-O-Wheel (7:30pm) tix when you said "Lord Love a Duck!" and $5 for Fibber (9pm) with: "My pants are on fire!"
Oprah's Best Friend: 'Obama Has Done Everything That He Said He Was Going To Do&quot; - Mediaite
so pretty!!!
Roger Maris is not in the Hall of Fame.
you want it its medium
That awkward moment, when I'm drunk and you're still ugly.
May you have the same gorgeous weather we are having today when you graduate!
can some one please tell me how much followers i have? its not showing me :(
Autocorrect just tried to change to "juiciness". He's. That. Smooth.
A finger filled with hate and a gun filled with love. Don't let the opposites attract !
#S1DFest i will grow a beard, wear a flannel with some jeans, take my wife.. i need 2 passes btw. must see NONE MORE BLACK
SHE SMILED SHE KNOW SHE BADD... RT : =)
What's your fave Bad Bartender story? From both sides of the counter! Let us know! #bartenderhatesu Let's get this to be a trending topic!
I'm an artist that spits real life music i represent struggle i have been compared to Tupac , DMX , Nas , and others
RT : Planting A St. Joseph Statue for Real Estate LuckThe Gardenist - I hate to tell you, it was baby Jesus' head!
That's FREE! Here...take all ten!
RIP Levon Helm
I will always look out for u! ♥
retweet if you're ripped for her pleasure
is my heart if u never came into my life. I would be dead rite now i love you wifey
ahh, right! It's such a good show!(:
Thanks lovely :) Share them with your friends and "like" my FB page: MarissaM_Fans
how so?
Can't Believe She Thinks I Still Want Her -.- She Must Be Fucking Retarded.
one more day till i turn 21 ! 
I swear is this fools keep tripping they gona have to share and ambulance lol
First show of the year this wednesday! BRAHMS in Michigan w/ lettercamp ! LET THE JAMMING COMMENCE.
Dear Parks and Recreation: Thank you
tell me how i was sitting in ss today and the phone rang and i was hoping it was for me and it was lol i felt special.
again, interested in the Horizon Project retreat? Follow
Of course! I feel smarter already! HAGF!
#givebackDetroit Please RT: You can help feed #Detroit's hungry with just one tweet thanks to
He fucken pissed me off right now..like seriously i want to sock him in the balls -.-...
That play works
it's a privilege to receive revelation on the purpose and will of God. Walk in it..
Just saw a stroller with a hand actuated hydraulic braking system
I must say this is a saying to live by
ppl blowin ma high....
It makes Vincent 'Chukkle' (;
NYC watch party !!!
Definitely! See you tomorrow morning as we cross paths, I hope.
Tonight we'll be at to see () and Peter Matteson. 7PM
The BEST way you can improve is to learn from your mistakes and keep pushing forward until you get it right! -THE COACH K OF LIFE-
Conference USA RT “: Athletic Fee committee votes to approve 54¢ increase of student fee, 4-3.”
Things will be okay.
As far as I know, class is unfortunately still on!
This game at MSG is gonna be super live
kool...at work...hot u after 8 bro
Finally finished that 10 page essay for history
Build the dream and don't stop building.
And,it's true I cant go on without you.Your smile makes me see clearer. If you could only see in the mirror.What I see..
There's only one vacation that really matters, and as long as I get that one I'm a happy girl.
Now that I've gotten pinterest spam, I'm predicting that they'll sell for more than instagram.
nah you are.
def! I'll log onto my other account () & give a shoutout to follow MidwestMahomies :]
I hate flat curly hair, I LOVE my big curly hair.
you need to connect with Deb - Geoff is a nature photo buddy of mine who spends a lot of time at CREW. Good guy, too
Looking for a Post up, post show? Follow us. RT“: ”
when is romp to stomp?
I have obsessed about it. I don't know that I could have done anything differently. I'm lost...completely.
Just registered for Social Media Week events. Really looking forward to it, Feb 13th-17th!
Loving this South Padre sunshine
watching american dad
I'm starting w the man in the mirror!
Who wld ever take a physician rec from a book?? I did & I can't thank you enough! Jon Turk & staff are amazing.
If #parents in your community can benefit from free classes teaching them how to engage w/ their kids @ home, let us know!
Though a universal formula for success is difficult to come by, caution signs for failure are posted everywhere. ~Li Ka Shing
Let's Drink Tonight Like We Won the Mega Millions and Drink Even More When We Don't!! (Thanks Lisa Ann for This)
Riding to the aquarium in the 10th grade bus. I know I just failed at trying to spell that:P
airsoft gun repair help? electric airsoft guns :)
"I know what virgin means.". "are you sure about that??"
#quotes #music If music be the food of love, play on. William Shakespeare
Hey is tomorrow Morning all booked up? I need a cut
#mlanet12 Update on Bearded Pigs shirts. They'll have orange sleeves & a green design. For some reason couldnt get that picture to show.
Dear students, please do not judge me on the quality of this week's lecture audio. I won't blame mercury in retrograde!
A nearly-unprecedented three encores at the show! Oh yes. We're just that special.
thanks bro more stuff coming real soon stay tuned
Flying to #iste11 ! Well, actually on my way about to depart. See y'all in Philly!
“: To the girls that get offended by "sandwich jokes", what are doing out of the kitchen again?” that's the million $ question
- Mr Mathers: do you know if this tourney was held and if so where i can get info: WPT Regional Series: Indiana Hollywood? 8/20-21
"Some things need to believed to be seen" via
Ian is the one who should really watch out
A special blue ribbon task force!! They will kill themselves after the third meeting. Hurrah!
Great job #Cards, rewarding making it to the FF & not having to cheat to get there!!
Everyone looks great.
#nerdprom Viola Davis with a slamming orange/red dress, FABULOUS!
finally home relaxing~
Co-worker is skeptical of the earthquake theory.
Amazing rehearsal today.......cant wait to headline HOB Sunset on Saturday April 23rd!!
Moobs, that's always funny.
RT: If u never plan to stay don't come in her life in the first place.don't "regret" because what you did was what you really wanted to do.
RT #Scorpios do well hanging on to money but they also know how to spend it on luxurious possessions ««i deserve it :)
"Now you're not naive enough to think we're living in a democracy, are you buddy?"
see you then ;)
hm, i have half a baguette, half a bunch of asparagus, and cherry tomatoes... panzanella with a fried egg? yes. i think so.
that sounds intriguing...
Get it daddy! ;)
Be safe out there... See you saturday bigshot!!!
It's "The Adventure" from Angels & Airwaves.
It really shows how nice and compassionate of person you are that you are wanting Max to get help. I respect you greatly.
Q1 it's usually the responsible of the collections management dept.
Psyched to watched this fight!!
Ok, I understand now. Everyone must have forgotten how to answer their phone. It's a national problem.
Congratulations on a nice comeback win against Butler in the 6th region semis. See you on Tues night in the finals
RT : Idea: what you can do for your local news site in 2 min, 20 min, 1 hr, $10?
am thoroughly enjoying the new Gaga album...a must!!!
What the mind can conceive the mind can achieve...
Years ago I gave my dad a cassette recorder to dictate family memories 4 me. would have been easier.
Goodbye St. Louis.
I wish would enroll at NIU... Imy
Watching Tosh.0 with Viggle Tue | 21 | Comedy Central Get real rewards just for watching TV.
So excited for tonight!
Woo! Just got a EGift Card from my family to this is bad, I have finals to study for
Friday: Art & Soul Featured Artist Showcase. Performances start at noon with Lee'a Ro and Tony Styxx. It's going to be great!
Oh Smalltimore. I literally just ran into six people I knew (all separately) on the Avenue in about 45 minutes.
According to the U.S bureau of Labor Statistics the Private sector created 1.9 million jobs last year, the most in 3 years.
I wanted to find someone who would be willing to help me create a website in Anchorage.
Looking for stories of people obsessed with grass, be it the study of, the taming of or the large-scale planting of. Characters welcome.
Fear, uncerainty & discomfort are your Compases towards growth. -life
surprised how many Ive done myself: book, ID (once-I promptly misplaced it), junk mail. Cheezit bag & crumbs was just returnd
When boys don't pay for you...biggest turn off ever! #didyourmamateachyaanything?
Goin on a radio show tomorrow! 790 KABC @ 10am. Tune in :) thanks for the love and support! <3
talking to someone you havntt talked to in awhile that ISNT a complete asshole psycho like everyone at deering >>
haha you eat olive garden,wataburger,and pizza ALOT haha that's ok I love you<3
#Love that rainbow! Is that out by the ocean where you saw it?
Found our email acct and we're now for all your official SCMS Boston conference tweets and beyond! Stay tuned.
Super hungry! D:<
good. u?
lol. u been doin' pretty good?
Look at the stars and see the musical eyes of my thoughts through your ears transpired by mind through waves of wonder and being. enjoy.
Love the new App !
Trying to decide if we want to record with #davidadammonroe The opportunity is there, will we take it? We'll see soon enough!
": Saw friends I haven't seen since graduation! #sohappy"
thanks sweetie!!
Mega64: Elite Beat Agents (HD)
What a great day. After a yr of maint all of the escalators @ union station DC work! No more missing trains!
A pessimist is a man who thinks all women are bad. An optimist is a man who hopes they are. ~ Chauncey Mitchell Depew
Ah did a great job with the coffee this morning cause I am bouncing off the walls with excitement for tonight & tomorrow 😃
<- doesn't mind stayin up with the boo playin video games! :)
idk I saw only one haha
iPad battery is at 6% and I forgot the charger at home.
Georgia is backwards...its 46° outside but friday is going to be around 90°
Finding myself liking Beibs' new song more and more... Somebody slap me
How to cut college housing costs Over the past 20 years, the price of room and board at both public and private colleges has been rising
when did you order and from where?
See us this Sunday @ In The Park Sports Spring Flag Football League for kids and adults! 12-5PM.
trick call me. New phone n don't have ur number ms madam
Happy Easter and Passover to all - enjoy this incredible day!
free PR? RT Great SM goal: Encourage fans to act as advocates for your museum.
Valentines day without my honey:-(. Oh well I need to study anyway :-(
RT : Gluten-Free Grocery Shopping Guide - Gluten-Free Mall - 9780979409486 Product Amount: by Dr. Mara Matison
"You're sick?! Someone put a curse on you!"
Perfect! Nic will be in Scotland that week so I'll need to stay busy...lol
So saddened and shock by the loss of Whitney Houston. Her family is in my prayers:(
With Boston's funest and truly most upscale crowd, Blu is the only place to be on that night.
I gotta run too ..
its just in every rap song out there lol mostly Drake
me too. Finger crossed!
Been waiting for my Wednesday class to get cancelled, too bad I still have shit to do
Oh, forgot it grew to 4 kids.
do not worry. Puffy vest updates will flow freely your way my dear.
It's All About You Magazine is now on Twitter! Please RT and follow
Shortfall could range from $60 million to $136 million for next school yr, depending on midyear cuts and a cost-of-living adjustment
BREAKING NEWS: There isn't a magic pill you take and in one day, you wake up at a healthy weight.
Get out of the way at the gym people. Stop gocking at yourself in the mirror.
that is a great Quote
Shouldn't the American Comedy Awards actually be funny? Where's Bob Hope when you need him?
I love yours the most!! I miss yours.
We are currently recruiting developers & writers. If you are interested in learning more about Relaborate, please email
One of the Senators said the other day, I suppose we will hear about this Sunday from the Mayor. Well, you are hearing from him now. [1944]
Knowledge is pain and that is why it hurts to know.
Does anybody else love that Megaman jump?
Great Business get your cash machine today! www.ebookviralincome.com
please follow she is you biggest fan!62
its should a been cut off season for y'all. Don't hesitate on that shit. Cut em off now.
consolidating email lists arggghhh, w/ help from my trusty assistant, Chris Yeah.
- i have 3 cookbooks coming out this year, and next year one cookbook is scheduled and a new knitting book!
im following (:
Perhaps one of the alphas has a special water refill power?
I like the way you think, as usual. :)
WELL ITS RAINING ALL THE TIME OVER HERE IN EAST FLORIDA D::::::
The past year has left me gun shy when it comes to dental appointments... Hope today goes better.....
lol I wouldn't know bout that one but that's true so I've heard
ok well now i feel like an asshole
mellowing out with Dennis in front of the tv....exciting aren't i??? :P What youse doing?
Strangers➡acquaintances➡ friends➡bf/gf➡strangers...
Can you be in our IU Health Entry Pavilion by 6:20pm?
but it's no physical pain. That's financial. Lol
you are going to love it!!!!! No drama no rumors. Get out as soon as you can!
Purchase a VIP pass for the summit! Your pass will include VIP lounge access, preferred seating on stage wings and floor, VIP Speaker...
that's one sexy man
I have a boring ass life so the Problem with instagram is that there's nothin interesting to take pics of lol
What is this liquid stuff falling from the sky???
because the answer to that one will show the hypocrisy.
Just want y'all to know that is the man. Doing some serious community building on a Friday night.
“: Now Following back==> Thanks For the Support Family!..-McM”got u
#bringbacknoodletsnoodle get the word out
#Crowdsource It's ok to drink 2 month-expired limeade, right? #right????
Your own virtual art department at the is a click away!!!
Joel osteen is soo inspirational what would I do without his books
#HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork.. play boring ass country music on ur computer!
Grey's Anatomy tonight!!! My Kleenex and eyes are ready for you!!
Does anyone know what the first step is to getting certified as an addiction/recovery counselor?
Any of you workout at Lifetime Fitness? If so , I offer a 15% discount on repairs and waive the diagnostic fee with repair
I love crumbles but prefer Morningstar's meatless "sausage" patties! Both $$ but a nice change.
Officially pissed at my porters. After 3 unsuccessful pages, I finally walk back there myself. My boy is washing his crotchrocket while the
are you a cat now?
Is it me or is Asher Roth about to take Eminem's spot real quick
Back from 13 down, #Kansas ties the game against the #Buckeyes!
#thereisalwaysthat1person who is drunk at every party u go!
I'm now part of the iPad club, I need some app suggestions, I did find #Gungor #ghostsupontheearth on ebook, get it
White tee (pause), throwback.
Thank you enjoy yours also
Just bought some batman socks.
I think they'll cast 75th Quarter Quell tributes first. I'm curious about Maysilee Donner, too.
Woot thanks for the shout-out!
**sloppy joes break**
“ “ Always carry a corkscrew and the wine shall provide itself - Basil Bunting #wine #quote””
love that show :)
thankx alot . Just keep listening . we have alot of new stuff coming out SOON !
Alaric Always In Our Hearts <3 :'(
Brittany, I Wanna Talk To Dede.
Per the sex tape: Hope you check the girl's ID. I trust you can do basic math. Assuming this tape involves other people.;)
we're honored to have you at our Commencement! See you Friday!
Yayy im Getting Instagram since its available for ANDROIDS.. ha :P #TEAMfuckiPHONE ...
"Dad, I got to ask the president about the aliens." jaden smith is cool by me now
Now we ain't pushing no foreign wipes, no AMG's. We coming to you in a bucket like KFC.
Ugh not tired
Studying Seventeen Magazine like it's my homework. :)
ED FSA CIO Richard Gordon shares his newly acquired "paranoia" after becoming a "certified hacker"; risk of compromised identities
Let ur #passion lead u to ur #purpose!
My 8 yr old daughter came *this* close to getting hit by a car moments ago. You realize how life can potentially change in a minute.
plus 6 please :)
At halftime, the #Mavericks lead the #Clippers by 8 in our Game of the Night.
so this dude used to run Chicago schools and now gets hired to come "fix" Chicago schools? Sounds about right.
Guess what tomorrow is!! The first day of our SPA WEEK! Book your 30 Minute Massages and 30 Minute Facials (ONLY $40 each)!!!!
Hey, by the way, we're pretty darn proud of our friends over at ! They're good people & they're doing good work!
Way to work "Abdul-Raufing" into LOLNFL. Bravo.
Lmao I know im new to twitter but damn mufuckaz got THOUSANDS of followers. I got like 65 or something lmao.
bc it was cloudy and rainy all weekend #Humid!
People who say there's nothing to talk about irritate me -
knows it just a matter of time.
Just booked a trip to Austin. Time to see some old friends and make some new ones.
A cold front comes in right before Halloween weekend! Are you kidding me!! Hello Mother Nature but don't u know costumes aren't very warm!!
a well dressed boy with no intellectual capabilities = 👎
. Assorted Color Smoke Balls (Case of 72) threads
rocked it at the
With a 401k currently worth about 300 bucks, my eventual retirement is looking pretty bleak.
S/O to all the real supporters of XUH4H. We shall come back strong.
I'm being a good librarian and doing my research.
so true :O ^_^ I love your name! Haha
great team leadership from a true Michigan man!
of course!
i feel like complete crap. ugh
yeaa it wont delete
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 15
I am so making spaghetti for dinner.
good morning... Just woke upp *yawn*
What is the best way to get a gig? A good one! Any leads?
you must have a difficult time listening to certain tracks.
we are going to the a finals!! USA WOMENS SOCCER > MENS
i think i need to see you sometime soon.
In the booth
Kohl Center crowds continue to be lackluster.
Ready for the presentation at Niles West HS! Chicago.
yeah 40 years ago, it's all about right now. UK has the most all time wins, what's your point?
I wanna see in Spokane, WA so bad!! best band ever!!
is that u in that new avi?
Madden: juvenile probation reforms have reduced number of kids on probation more than 20%.
Look, liberals. Mitt Romney doesn't bully gay kids anymore, ok? He only bullies poor people now.
Russel Westbrook is about to take a dump
Lol!! RT : bet you never thought you'd be mentioned in the same tweet as a breast ultrasound conference. Haha
Travel safe. Tread lightly walkways can be tricky. Thanks MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
i love you. ! hope you do amazing tomorrow, ill be watching! #FollowBack ?
Going to go to the Y in a little
Ready to get my logo digitized, that's when you can put it on hats and shit
Why I'm I reading about "Jon a no show at Gosselin Anniversary" is this news?
Words can only influences an action....it's up to you how you react...
Saint Louis Park is out of power. 13k people without! No power until 11 pm. The BookMobile is CLOSED.
- definitely - resending my email right now
#directionsnv2011. Programming note. Save Coach Ault for the end. We still have Bill Eadington to come. Ralston style reality check.
We're on two different trains heading towered Mill ave.
"Like Jesus we belong to the world living not for ourselves but for others. The joy of the Lord is our strength."
Why did I join 3Seventy? Doing some very innovative things in mobile applications space.
I'm alright, and why dm?
I unfollowed those that were not following me back
SAT scores come out in 18 days. The wait begins.....
Downloading Of Mice & Men songs :3 They were freaking amazing at Extreme Thing! ^.^
Real restaurant with a full-service lounge area for hanging out.
When ur sister is at the door of ur room trying 2 think of a reason to come in.... (:D
please I know there stupid but really
Thank God that y'all are ok.
lol it's my fault for being late
Great! I hope your bird feeding is most successful! If you plan on offering suet, please come visit our site!
Thank you CapHill Civil War!
LOL. I feel that. Much respect. 100
again, great job today! I'm proud of you.
My kid IS one of those kids....Again, I'm around. Hope to c u in the future. ()
following Please follow me. I always do this with other people and they don't follow
What, don't play WoW for 3 months, and they hit you with 4 hrs of updates upon next login? Is this some sort of punishment for my absence?
All we du is zouk and juice
"A Shot Across The Bow" is a mean song lol
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
last min song writers night in the 'boro
"What the F*ck Are We Watching?": The Story of European Film Class
Ha, not FlashForward?
forever is a long a time , but i wouldnt mind spending by your side :))))) -- BOOang
she's getting it mass produced and will be selling them, soon she will be swimming in money. LOL
#community follow us and get an exclusive offer on a licensed #nbccommunity logo t-shirt. Printed on American Apparel this run only.
thanks and
Thanks for following!
oh darling, lets be adventurers. x
They Boo' President's and Vice President's Women, Now Female Pres. Hopefull (Not my Vote Tho') What's going on, WHere's the respect!!
Ready for the knowledge drop with at today's PR+Social Media Summit
Yes We Can! Yes We Must! Yes we will! Vote Democratic! Keep The Movement Going Forward!
I'd go with "I nearly failed out of high school; here's why, and why that doesn't matter".
thanks, Ryan although no one at the hospital knew WTF I was wearing, I have better fashion luck at Krogers!
Thanks for the follow. My content is mostly health, nutrition & sports medicine based. Hope U like it. Best, Dr. Narson
I just got to Hawaii .. Woo ready to settle in .. The house hunting begins .. <3
I gotta say, still stings, but couldn't imagine what feeling had been if we were swept. Long time to think about what could have been.
FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts is right 99.9% of the time, and he says Charlie Hales and Jefferson Smith will face off in November.
also, they are totally letting Grimace and the Hamburglar off the hook!
Wanna stop Kony? Send Chuck Norris... He'll find him and "erase" him. But then how would the folks at Invisible Children make a living??
!!! RT Dear GPS, Please add an, "avoid ghetto" option. Sincerely, Scared
Man with Down Syndrome in my church choir.Did not hear him speak a full sentence in 15 yr. Taught him Bach aria in Gm.Sang it beautifully
Finally getting to read 's first book (and loving it!) Have wanted to for so long! Spring break FTW
Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! Trend it :)
RT : Breaking: California State University trustees have approved a 9% tuition hike.
Dream on, Vampiro.
The Encore Show Choir performance is going on now! #exciting!
Understatement: SUMMER NEEDS TO COME NOW! NOW! AS IN, THIS MOMENT! yup.. Still an understatement.
THE GRINCH
Thank you for the mention---I did have to take a little time off. That is very nice of you to notice!! :-)
Grammar: the difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.
Oh, it’s very very bad. Save that for home, or NYC, and eat a lobster roll instead.
I wish I could retweet this a million times! Lol
Will do, thank's for the article! We really appreciate it!
#WordPress #Tools Amazon Wishlist – Add your Amazon Wishlist to your blog.
Finally done hearing that BS:)
Ten more minutes until Robin Roberts maybe becomes a gay icon?
Thanks to for an amazing year at EA! We made it a year! xoxo
AROUND OAKLAND May 6: Schools of Choice hold open enrollment; Complimentary breakfast for realtors; Seniors to see ...
In one minute, I will be 30.
We're so happy to have you joining today. Who's at #upstream2012 today?
Check out for their Easter Sunday Mariachi Brunch from 11am-3pm, order the Chocolate Bunny Drink
Mobile Facebook is painfully slow. I think my phone is tired from being my Internet modem for 2 days.
What should Ranger Danger be this Halloween?
Apologies for not replying Jacob! I somehow missed your question until just now...
Time to carb up!
I never read them. Mrs. Barlow tried to make me in 5th grade though
thank you, i'm going to check it out!
thats so kind! ill be sure to follow you back :) :)
that booth was terrifying. I admire your courage
I live on the mahoney side of town now.. D: that'd be a really long walk.
Is still unfollowing and following people for me.. smh
are mario and meachum still at dinner?
no you shouldn't ....lol I just had all kinds of dirty thought....about you of course
Life is full of agony, loneliness, and suffering- and it is all over way too soon.
Thx for the shout out, Hope your week is going well!
Joseph Conrad's The Secret Sherry
Work, class, meeting, work again- all on campus.
Thanks! please do, i also reached out to Edan.
Hi , will have to send a team your way to rate the hotties at your establishment.
Congrats to Matt Birk on winning Walter Payton Man of the Year!
Also from , make sure your story has a wide appeal for the audience and has a wow factor.
I had problems with my nook at first, but not a single problem since! I definitely recommend it to the Sony Reader and Kindle.
": thanks #GoBigBlue" yup
MY friend jack and some coke makes for a
Cynthia Whitcomb teaches pitching workshop 7/28 PCC SE Campus PDX Students guided through creation/practice of pitch
So just added a bunch of my Dad's HS friends on FB...weird part is they all know me lol. Guess I was too young. Ah the start of a good week!
I wouldn't have to do anything ;)
It seems to be another one of those "wear your coat at work" kind of days. Still freezing in my office at work.
I was drawing an indian man ran out of time l wish I was an artist lol but ill stick to stick figures. So oki doki plan it is
yes please, we would love to see some of your work,
okay hi im sorry, but why are you cheating on your boyfriend with harry? pretty sad if you ask me
have a great day! Thanks for the follow! Feel free to contact me when u r up n running about bringing my VIP group 4 a visit
I don't believe so. Please fill me in so I can share with team.
Happy Mother's Day! What's everyone up to?
tonight headlines at Nietzsche's! Don't forget to get your tickets to see April 21st!
thanks for the follow. Hope you're hugging someone today.
fans still believe! #FearTheSteer as Game 5 is set to begin.
me too x)
Txt WEDDING & ur ZIP CODE to 43549 to enter 2 win an admit 2 tix to c THE FIVE-YEAR ENGAGEMENT at the Century 16 Belmar theater!
But seriously, I think Tessa and your execs would be excited about my ideas. Direct message me on best way to contact them.
I'm that way—sometimes the chance to publicly tweak a moron is too fun or makes too important a point to pass up.
Friends don't pay eachother back
#cwcon #H06 I'm going for the high tones: 192038348547394734945759574.,/,.',',/,.;,',],[,,.,;,'
HAHAHHA Redemption is so funny! And it was perfectly edited! Loved it!
studio time. must do some actual work and get away from this devil-machine that wants all my attention.
Such a good idea! :) RT : We are donating our FIRST batch of scraps tomorrow to schools for art projects.
#freshmanyeartaughtme don't be a light weight.
that's awfully high considering the trends the last several quarters. Not going gangbusters but recovering.
Along with Ed Poe and Donald Westlake. I've been writing a long, long time.
We are told the new year will bring slightly less of the unlistenable unfunny born-again morning show on This makes us happy!
I wasn't planning on going to school tomorrow because i was suppose to be recovering from this weekend BUT since shit happened, im going..
Coworker recently told me he saw my double. If u see her please tell her I can really use her. I need a couple of "me" - especially today!
hi livy! i miss you too. please tell me i will i see you next weekend?
they r cool but I go #RNGeezies(:
Thanks for the RT and helping spread the word!
THREE TIMES IN THE CHEST POINT BLANK RANGE!!!
Your Welcome :)
reunited soon
appreciate it Fam
Hey I will be in the east bay today hit me up for scissors or sharpening call or text 5173043525 Peace get at me !
Khon is always ahead! for some reason i search kitv first but they are NOT current!.
I love when after my work out my arms are so tired that I have a hard time washing my hair
Warning: interesting night= drunky tweets
Message to #Nikon: #AshtonKutcher? Seriously? With his wedding ring on? I threw my now not so "coolpix" in the trash—he's a total as#h$*e!
I agree! I want to know what happened!
Peter peter pumpkin eater!!! lol
ahah okays(: text me when and where i should meet you tomorrow. wait, do you even have my #?
Happy birthday x2
Oh Alex...what are we going to do with you?(;
Spiked my hair for the first and last time of my life
nopee i had a clay mask thing from walmart that i used
I Swear I Don't Know Anyone's Name lok
tacos..ha
#foursquare #guilty but in my defense...I love the deals you can get just by "checking in" at a place.
it's hard out here for a park MT No matter how many times I see it, the 17 directors in 20 yrs statistic blows my mind.
RT : #TEDxCbus in full swing. Comfortable seating, FTW.
thankfully I have a good digital alternative but it's harder to take shots at night
Not looking for the one that's perfect, just the one that's going to make it worth it.
playing with your boyz tonight Feel free to swing by if you're around :)
Hey there Crisston
Unreal traffic on Dodger "Express."
My swag flag is at half-mast, 's is at 100%.
I would love to know the socio-economic status students in everyone's school district - % free lunch- it impacts the conversation.
Harden from Arcadia High in California. Didn't even have UCLA on his list of schools to attend.
I'd buy anything Sam Waterston told me to buy.
You are correct. Frankie moved to Streeterville about nine months ago.
it will give 10% off and I'll throw stickers and a lanyard in homie!
I couldn't imagine having fun without life just isn't the same.
Today Tuesday Sept 13th is Wild Rose Service Unit (Girl Scout Troop) Spirit night from 5-8! Come out and show your support for Wils Rose!
We need more houses to sell in Metro Detroit, inventory is low. Buyer haven! Good News for
Unhealthy habits, materialism, obesity are just a few ways that advertising influences negatively affects kids.
Happy Mother's Day! May it be a merry time to appreciate the wonderful people who cared for you. Thanklessly, I should add.
who should we be listening to on this lovely morning?
Ugh, mine too!
People are so fake it is absolutely disgusting all I can do is say HA HA
I saw mostly goshtly last night and was just I think 9yr old there and now she's 13. Time flys by so fast
Yeah and some of my categories have around 30 pages... I hated when it dropped me on page 1.
how you misspelled it and it's right there when you tweet to me! So sad ! I miss chilling with you too ! Where been at ?
“: For the record, Holmgren turns 65 in June of 2013.” You are trying to make something out of nothing here...
�Do not wait; the time will never be �just right
I read the book last week....keep that on the DL. It's bro.. for a story about a 16 year old girl.
You do not always have to speak to lie, sometimes your actions do all the lying for you.
The world is all gates, all opportunities. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
good to hear. Think about some times that might work (give me a few options for Mon-Tues) DM those to me & we'll work something out
Presentation starting, and take the stage at #health2con. Health 2.0 has been all over the world
Getting blunted with my bro :-)
Don't wait for joy joy is waiting for you
Dropping a quart of opened paint off the counter is a great way to get paint ALL over! Oops, thankfully I use acrylic!!
"a performance by chris brown you won't want to miss"--so that you can curse at that *$%^#!
Retweet if your still up.
Make those sports dreams happen for yourself.
Heading to The Palms in Schofield for our #fishfry review.
omg!!! Mexico!!! Kool! Podemos ir al mar! Lol! ;P
hey slater mine
Do you guys think I'd be a good playboy bunny ^_^
Sometimes you have to just cut your losses and move on...
BITTERSWEET SYMPHONY FTW
u nasty as hell for that twiticon lol
Last night's debate was actually a great thing to see. I am a fan of Herman Cain after it. But I didn't like the coverage of it!
Im still #Salty about Austy moving:,(
I've stopped caring about a lot of things.
I just took an open bag of chips into the restroom without thinking twice about it. I think that means I'm ready to be a father.
she does't take any NRJ music award but we always love him
So my game is showing you're on, you should play Call Of Duty with me.(:
I look up to my nigga pepe
nobody knows my business because ikeep my mouth shut ..
It was wonderful spending time with you and ! Hope to see you soon!!
I answered this on your other twitter account a few minutes ago.
LOL!!!! That joint would sell like hot cakes. Internet servers would be crashing etc etc RT : she should lmao
have fun
you are very welcome
lol thnx:) my friend was like screamin youll make a perfect couple your so cute and your like perfect height I just laughed
- Thanks for the follow Martyn !
Lmaooo it kindaa do ! And it tightens your teeth !
so are you going to buy one from my link or not?
Vince Lombardi, right? Always liked this one ": Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire."
DO I LOOK LIKE McGUYVER?
#PaulMcCartney closes Grammys with Golden Slumbers suite. Ahh yes. My night is complete!
That was your Sunday TECH update...enjoy everyone and enjoy the second day of the NBA playoffs;)
you break a leg too!!
bd: It will only take a few minutes to download, can't we wait? 8yo: No, because in my years it seems like it takes a long time.
: You know it!!! hApPy HuMp DaY!
With ya on everything. FB is a joke. Spend very little time on there for the reasons you listed. Family & buds are all I care about
nightgymming is like nightswimming, except i'm not naked when i go and there's no piano. too bad, it would make the gym more interesting.
maybe by season 3 he will be right on! Haha
no shit bro. When Choo got hit, Hannahan got right in Sanchez's face and Moose pushed him back like a sled lol
Safe travels to the YMCA Soaring Spirt Nation dads and daughters from MIssion Viejo! We can't wait for you to arrive.
Bronco fans need to learn how NFL contracts work before freaking out about Payton's deal.
De siesto create your antipastos, sage butter chicken homemade ravioli brilliant, pinellas fl.
2272 noon today or thursday
> Gotta come for Lakers Night Specials!
ima d-boy doin what i do best, on my own hype mgame fuk the rest...
don't for get the perquisite committee meeting on: community management scaffolding - to be clear…its important
Find out how to tell YOUR story RT : We're set up down - come down and say hi!
We Some Dream Chasers
“: My face can't hide the Pleasure~” blasphemy
consider me amazed by that statement
I have tripped on every flight of stairs that I have encountered so far today. This is unsurprising.
morning sure is lol!:)
Metro Attorney Dan Cooper intends to retire and leave Metro in November of this year
Let me know what you find. : )
10 Stressful Jobs With Low Pay
It Is the fact that he gets a Hogan comeback every time. Losing cleanly after Rock won would've been more interesting
Good job Varsity Cheer!
do it
its good. Im actually moving to seattle. Im heading up this weekend. How are you doing?
is enjoying the gorgeous LA weather and getting thangs done ;-)
Haha I almost dipped in the trash can x)
the fast red fox hopped over the boring dog.
will you accept my award for me?
that's beautiful and your Momma obviously did a good job raising you up well.
Making sure our car isn't towed...
Time for lunch try our hand cut grilled or breaded pork tenderloin sandwich. Or our homemade meatball sandwich with our own marinara sauce.
Check us out at The Howlin Wolf tonite!
jeez i hate waiting for replies. fck it already.
come over
Not a good hair day
yes, indeed! will have a booth baby.
To tired to function.
"There was a problem downloading AMT204" […] could not be found on server" :(
I hate the suspensions and of course the injury but you can't hate on
Medical emergency...sitting at gate still.
He went to class early
Are you away from your TV News? TNC News Now Have Live Streaming CNN Headlines news and International right on your computer.
Yahshua(J-sus) is the Messiah! Turn to and follow Him! Read the whole B-ble for instruction!
Congrats to Octavia!! You deserved that win!! #oscars #dreamscometrue!
Accidentally dropping some random persons iPhone in Lake Michigan.. Oops..
I needed somebody screaming over me tonight. Upper body workout kicked my ass ...def kicked back though.
Star Applauds Euro Challenge Games in Yaroslavl
I'll take the job free of charge and tell you to GO FOR IT!!!
better that bag than someone body. Havent been this upset in a long time
There are no vampires or zombies in BUZZ, the young adult novel we published, but there is plenty of tension - it will keep you jumping
Happy Friday the 13th,
I'll hit u up on twitter later this week and catch u up a bit. shutting it down now. Hope all is well on your end.
#bestbritishbands, hmm lemme think, shud i say it like One Direction!!! or like ONE DIRECTION! lol xD the truth never lies :)
let's set the stage on fire tonight!
"Stay" made me realize I missed hearing sing. Didn't mind the eye candy though ;-)
Take it back! Making a cape is stupid easy, and holy CRAP are they fun to swish!
tomorrow is my last lab for the year, and more importantly i will not have to wake up for an 8 AM for class until next spring semester
See? is intentionally lowering expectations so she can wow the judges in the end. WINNER.
S/o to my new follower
Dear Ex, we need to fuck one more time. Sincerely, Me...... Lol
Interesting times in the neighborhood, Marvin Rich and family are occupying CAPark as well as the Board & Exec Suite of CADC
"Not all men are boys" says the 6 year old kid at Dick's Sporting Goods. His mother was at a loss for words.
volleyball time
where is the "add to cart" button? Where is PayPal button?
We have much to learn about the fabric of space-time. But we know you can't make a decent sweater out of it. Too scratchy.
Getting cookies in my pjs and monkey slippers.
always make me laugh in a silly way.
Went driving today and dude I freakin rocked at it
They call me boss for a reason I paid my do's to get where I'm at naptown highest boss ain't coming down without a fight
no, I haven't been to the Temecula region...should I:)
RT 5 yrs ago we developed micro sites. Today this doesnt work, we put the message where the people are #socialmedia sites
#2012c19 In California, even bad sushi is good.
Let's make a deal .... You can have Macho once a week lol.
I still don't have Reckless. Is it amazing?
Middle finger on the trigger so you know its fuck a nigga . - Lil Wayne !
dat was some crazy ass rain!!!
Were you hoping for a more investigative, in-depth tweet?
huh! Oh t-mobile canceling me May 30th. Ain't that some BS!
Oh, it's the most wonderful time of the month! RT Happy Gallery Hop!
Of course not! That's hanging in the servants' water closet.
Traffic making me swole!
there's always one more imbecile than you planned on.
nice compass
Glad u enjoyed! : ) RT : Great meeting Michelle of ! Got to thank her for the GF product I got from
