Welcome, Brenton and Mark! Glad to have you here! :)
Where do they get these hookers? #excused they all pole dance and kiss on the first date... in the first ten minutes
I understand now! I know without a doubt the man I love and want to be with forever!
Auctioneers are proof white guys could rap if they tried hard enough
Q6 Also, specialized computer classes (how to blog, email, etc.). Not everyone can afford computer & these students need the skills
#sometimesyouhaveto stop letting shit slide and show niggas who's boss
Great job!!! So proud of you Chris and Mike!
Free advertising is out there. Find it, and take advantage..!
Does this mean #nopantsthursday is off? PRT : Word on the street is, the part needed to restore power is en route
“: #ThingsThatDontGoTogether - ME & Cigarettes! R-T if you DON'T smoke.”
you should go to the veggie grill ... sunset n crescent heights.. fabulous
Thank you!!! #euphoria RT : listening to #euphoria on the plane.
I am pissed off because there are so many things that matter more than this. Your rights are on the chopping block.
Done! RT Better to get twitter feed...RT Was mostly watching #ESPN #Yankees-#RedSox & [disliking] Hershiser
 good as baby powder.
bestie I missed you! Hope you're doing great!
Re last tweet- hacked by but I still got love for him and his bigotes
ha I think my fav part about that article is sm button title, "Sharing is Sexy!" lol & that posts w/ "marketing" has lower CTR..
Im making a twitter... duh!
Why won't he text me? :(
“: Beware of the boy who sexts/texts you all day, he either is not working or doesn't have a job! X0”
Fifteen more minutes. Why does time move so slowly?
Not all expensive products are guaranted to work effectively.
Lol, I feel like I'm the Parent and your the one that just turn 18....
Why does is matter how a corporate CEO defines education? He went to school and did quite well...
HE IS AN ANGEL EVEN WITH HIS SHIRT ON BUT ITS BETTER OFF LOL :P
Getting back into paintball, besides drinking its a great way to relieve unneeded stress!!
:) Thanks! I'm excited for FajitaRita Monday at Pericos! :)
"Quickie" is an underappreciated classic of the George Clinton oeuvre.
Im thinking about joining a street gang. There are no reviews on Yelp. Does anybody have any experiences/recommendations to share?
In one of those grumpy moods
My computer obviously doesn't want me to work on getting new website finished. Something has completely hijacked my display settings...
Thanks for the shout out and the support. Hope you had a good afternoon at the show.
I agree! He's been 100% every week.
If experience is an indicator, they, along with loud, curious toddlers, will probably all find seats closest to me.
The block of granite which was an obstacle in the pathway of the weak, became a stepping-stone in the pathway of the strong. - Thomas Carlyl
hahaha don't let her eat them!
an invitational organization of women leaders in fod, beverage & hospitality....
I love using big words to sound smart. I mean, utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.
u could start for the Hawks TODAY.
Still short crude. target is 32 bucks.
Go with Roddy. Good luck sir!
Practicing in McLean VA today. Thinking of the many #veterans who have helped secure this great land
Quite true. A very good emphasis on the value of researching collateral relatives.
where are you flying off to?
"When in doubt, choose change"
FOLLOW BACK BRUH! AND DAM YOU THE BEST ACTOR MAN I SWEAR LOL
Just got fucked 4 times at the bath house. My ass hurts...so good!
Thanks for the RT
I'm competing for your attention..
lol i was just watching that. But then i switched back to bad reality tv
SC vs UCLA - should be a great game today. Go TROJANS
I play the song sweet emotions in summer time more than any other song on my playlist
Definitely. Have a blast.
Holla at me when you see me! I got you
It felt good to be back! :) Of course I couldn't help tinkering with the copy...
early is the new late
Wait, what did MWP do?
Jay Bilas should be banned from doing games involving any teams from non-BCS conferences.
lol ok. How was your interview yesterday?
well maybe you're not a leech but you know as well as I that some reporters ask question to get a reaction from a subject.
never said it did but he needs to be more effecient to pass deron and paul.
damnit! Forgot the tag!
adorable!!!! Will RT to help Hunter find a home, we have to wait to hear about other dog, TY for thinking of us!
the highest mountain we'll ever climb is the mountain of doubt, arrogance & selfishness, we build in front of us.
APIs are one of those concepts,full of technical mystery,that deter the marketing community from grasping the opportunities in front of them
I meant I must be tired this morning...
Who wants to grab a six-pack and watch a movie? Me neither.
getting ready for work!
no i got it on the DM you sent me, don't put it here
One of the films on my Netflix Top 10 recommendations is "Ticked-Off Trannies with Knives"
My boy KG is Hoopin...
She is quite loveable indeed, my friend. She's got cowboy in her.
Murray State baby! Bracket Buster!?!
Halfway through the 2nd I realized I see the game the way he does and agreed with everything he was saying ... probably because
This weekend's performance with Johnny Mathis is now SOLD OUT!
Business English Communication,International Business Marketing,International Business Finance,
I am never making it to work. Ugh.
He ain't use to tasting his own blood...
I Hope They Didnt Stand You Up!!
Thx for the great comments on my pics from when I did General Hospital. That was from my first gig in Feb. I'll fb when I'm on GH again!
Thanks for tweeting about our new Poetry Anthology and Book Release Party! We're so proud of this new book.
RT : Hanging out this morning at Walker Square Farmers Market enjoying all the fresh produce! See you at 7:15
Excited to enjoy a chocolate pie tomorrow made by my favorite pastry chef in Chicago - !
Up watching Rio i need someone to talk to if you got the # Tm if you don't LMS we can change that
My Sunn'Dai going to be 2 cute at her B-Day party
Lmaooo RT : WHO SHOWING TITTIES FOR A HIT OFF THE CLIP?! 😳
Lot of DC Fire EMS activity rolling down Nebraska Ave? What's happening?
Affirmation: I let go of everything that does not serve me.
awwe well im here if you ever need to talk about anything<3 just hit me up
OR DRINK BEERS WHILE U RUNZ
I find smoking so unattractive . Smdh .
just ran around my block. gonna puke.
big sunday for the stable on stars lets go
I could sing you a song, but I don't words could express your beauty.
Today's Game Theory Marketing Read:"business strategy is about actively shaping the game you play, not just playing the game you find."
Minor official, Great American Empire, Now heron watching.
just saw the #Scandal previews & I'm hype already!!
Wishing the best of luck in his new endeavors! You will be greatly missed by the Chancellor Community!
Looks like you made 10K followers today. Congrats!!
Nope def not...I agree 100% on that one.
thank you so much
ya :( but we meet him at the end. Im jealous...
Wet Hot American Summer
Like RT : Loved doing team development planning today with #TeamTopNotch!! Thanks for including me!
Just another movie about a prepubescent boy who's creaming his pants at the thought of an older woman he'll never have
#sschat, thank you! I always feel lost!
*SERIOUS ACCIDENT* Poplar Grove St & Clifton Av, West Balto; 4 medics responding, 6 patients injured.
Be my friend. Wrap me up..
It just started.
YOU are in serious trouble! She is GORGEOUS and apparently HAS YOUR NUMBER!!!! : )
Okay, that last tweet was basically a lie lol
good seeing you too Jenny! It will be a fun night for sure!!
I really like Back in Time by Pitbull
Hooray! We placed 3rd out of 18 & 5th out of 22 our first show ever!
If any #Spartans are moving to #Chicago after graduation, we're a free apartment searching service & would love to help! :)
At Chicago city council w airport workers fighting for a living wage
Is there a flyer for Mesa? There's a genealogy group in Tucson that wants to distribute one at their meeting this Sunday.
Life has many chapters, don’t get caught up on one chapter, move on to the next and see if any doors open.
Good luck this weekend! RT Heading down to tomorrow for the SARRC/MARRS Challenge!
And I say hi to my little New York
Will you please invite over?
It looks like the rain is gone and the sun will be out! Take a stroll down Magazine Street today and stip by and see us!
The one with the biggest bag of cash moves to the top of the list!
Isreal just killed it on your show! He's got the talent for six or seven smack off titles! War! Jim Rome tour stop in Milwaukee OUT
Every bitch has thought about hoeing at least once in they lifetime
this is slightly reminiscent of the Rutgers case. Therefore, Rudolph is screwed.
Lived in your home a long time ? What to update your interior ? Give us a call. Interior painting,new doors, crown moulding, we do it all !
We need to add evaluations to the beginning of ADDIE. Becomes EADDIE. We need to think about results before we start the process.
i Jelena hatred is so false that relationship ¬¬
Did you know Jenga means "Timothy McVeigh" in Oriental.
Business Development Director & Campus Consultant... Was on Sigma Alpha Mu staff as director from 2004 to 2010 & still serve as vol
hello mister how u been? Been lovely here as of late. Like 20C today. Bliss.
Obsessed with Questions by I love that song (:
a berry-tea smash, Beefeater 24, mint, lemon & agave syrup. and the guy next to me just orders a shot of crown. :/
I have a # tootsieroll addiction.
I heard rumors this was an open note, group final exam...is this true?
Association of America presents #SCAA2012, April 19-22 at the Oregon Convention Center.
you're pretty(:
#TGIF Wish I wasn't at the office but such is life. Looking forward to watching #UK claim #redemption from #IU tonight.
2 Hoboken Cops had argued with me, why? In the end they lost an argument and I did say I didn't mean to hurt their feelings :-)
FOOTS ASLEEP >.<
Our past mistakes are a point of learning, not a place of despair.
Im tellin u i think so highly of u that i want u to be the mother of my children??? Is that not a wonderful compliment???
We're putting the final touches on our new web site design. It's scheduled to launch soon--stay tuned!
it's a strange controversy to me, ppl getting completely defensive about luxury food. & to blame HSUSA is outta left field!
Uh-oh. There goes my sinuses again…
not sure yet. I think the San Fernando Valley at Air Hollywood, but that's a guess.
you guys won't know what to do when I leave you will sit in the corner in the fetal position
being cooked lol
You had the only entry.
Getting very excited about opportunities to collab with biz students at alma mater for marketing ideas. Love the Marian community!
Preventing Healthcare-Associated Infections: Q&A With Wava Truscott of ...: The following article is a Q&A with Wava Truscott, PhD, M...
D: Glad she's OK! I love Mantis!!!
It seems that I won't be sleeping tonight
got the kicks to match the can today too?
im sorry -_____-
At starbucks its hella nice out today. Got to love the cali weather
Have to check this, but the LA Kings might be the first #8 seed in NHL history to go 4-0 on the road to start the playoffs.
Hahahahaha! Thank you! :)
haha awe Thanx :)) I bet you'll look real pretty in yours ☺ and really who?
Human beings are made of body, mind, spirit. Of these, spirit is primary, for it connects us to the source of everything.
I'm down
So nice!
Thanks to for rocking out another OEM video. The talent in the marketing team is very strong
teenage fans that are gonna make him big..
ohhmyyygoshh ! I'm so proud of you! (((:
What is going on #hrva?? I'm hearing random weird stories from all sorts of places. Now the Bill Oreilly show???
I've attended 4 Hawk playoff games, and they won all 4!
Totally free from the bullshit! This feelin is better than any drug can provide.Be you,do you cuz I'm doin the same wit no hate."Get Like Me
At Douglas Park speed ladder and cones. Couple of laps...defensive tackle with agility???Uh oh.....
omg yes ive heard of it. thats so cool that you live there.!!
thanks a bunch!!
Was partin I'm back! Talk to me ;) <3
I want a dilly bar. From dairy queen. Right now.
i wanna see Lucas drop 30.
Ugh. I used the wrong "its" in that last tweet. Autocorrect. Sorry about that.
Midwest Middle School Showcase in Chicago! M14hoops.com for more info
ah your beautiful!!!!
RT looking for a few live painters for 4/1! Help lead 1st Friday goers to our new location! Message us if you're interested!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 61
finishing up 's tutu. Now that I'm a professional, let the orders roll in ;)
The lobster rocks @ Savoy. Thanks to Chuck Sanders!
At a crossroads, and scared as hell.
Gamel's a gamer. Watch him hit a HR on his next AB
Whole Foods is the perfect place to pick up all of the ingredients for your holiday meal. They are always supporting the neighborhood.
my poor step dad had a spot removed from his ear last year! The man now lives in wide brimmed hats.
this was the worst show....too long..agree w john..treatment of final four brutal
night tweets, don't be an April Fooler and cause people meltdowns with pregnancy announcements...
I would understand why tho I respect that.
That feeling when you are installing 101 updates on your computer.
how sad
If you want to see , and myself wearing chicken hats --today is your lucky day. Ohh boy. What did I sign up for?
You mean getting a word in edgewise?
Go cats!!!
My sister eats & gets skinnier... I swear omfg wtf
#planking may be silly but hey, people are working their core in random places...bravo!
I had that problem last week...it was annoying!
" my mother told me I have to see it." say no more. But I would like to hear your thoughts. Did you read the book?
Congrats on the new job buddy!!
sorry for all the Elvis tweets. That guy is damn funny. Kind of far camera angle but still not bad.
I was really impressed by on Celeb Apprentice, even if saying I watch brings my cool quotient
McClutchen. Raise the jolly roger!
save me a glass!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 79
Yeah. they are the best.
i asked ryento tell ya
thanks for being awesome at bridgetown! you were an awesome volunteer!
I can't believe that not one person has posted a photo of the supermoon. You have failed me, Twitter and Facebook friends.
Was crankin at the Big Chair Today!!
Good morning friends! Another great day today! What's for breakfast? Anything you got from the markets this past weekend?
Allegro Dance Company is officially working on their new show "All Roads Lead to Rome" -very excited for summer 2012!
danny sorry for not responding to your last email. Been crazy which is a good thing. Thank you for all the referrals.
On the bus waiting for the Civil War tour to begin- happy to be in Richmond!
Messing with him while he's sleep lol he gettin mad
Welcome to Las Vegas, no pushing or shoving.
I 66 East CRAWLING approaching Sycamore st with a crash in the right lane
Wow, it looks like Thad Matta just played in that game.
Captain America: The First Avenger won the weekend! Harry Potter Part 2 comes in second. Friends With Benefits lands in third!
Don't file away "Enter Sandman" quite yet... RT Mo: "I'm coming back. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going out like this."
Jump off the cliff and build your wings along the way.
those look like #adorable trouble makers. :) What breed are they?
#provercoffee community impact looks @ timely, relevant events. Nonprofit story needs hook. Dec is volunteerism issue via Andrea Leptinsky
yall has been comin on STRONG w/ the singles!!!!!! #nowplaying So Fly...where's the album at!?
at all. Smh.
Muse is a tight band man..good taste
Well said RT: : Art doesn't expire..
have a blast lady! Xx
Bob Dylan's Christmas album rocking the kitchen. I'm enjoying it, can't speak for anyone else.
Hi Wolfgang, check your Facebook messages and your Dropbox folder. :)
Calling all bloggers, tired of paying your host to have a BDSM related blog? Stay tuned, we will be announcing a blogger network soon.
Actually, naww. I  U twitter.
It has begun! www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
what was her reaction?
Dave Guarino: These days, it's the bomb throwers that get the attention in congress. Olympia Snowe was/is kind of a throwback.
busy day at today ? lol
Today was a good day! Got it in! #teamhealthansnutritution for the win!
thanks 4 the book lead and the Geoffrey flow. I'll add it to my reading list:)
This isnt bias but your boyfriend is a loser):
Wait lil wayne died?
- thanks so much! We'll have to swap book recommendations. :)
They should have Wall & Cousins in at the same time.
As air fares cool, it's time to take a break abroad - Economic Times
collegiate night Get there at 6:00 to participate in games with #jacksonvilleuniversity alums!
Aw, I miss you too! What do you have planned for the holidays??
enough shameless self-promotion. I have to work on my screenplay now ...I am only 7 min. into Sequence A
It's amazing how much easier it is to run after binging on carbs. :-P I just finished a 5.02 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
did you really just say that??
CONTINUATION FROM EPISODE 4 OF TOUGH LOVE NEW ORLEANS TONIGHT AT 8/9pm!!!!!! MAKE SURE YOU WATCH!!!!!!
All the hoodrats are out in claymont today
#PAC12 officials who scoff at our academics obviously haven't seen the ingenious ways our students elude their RAs.
send that article over when you're ready
Don't come and bitch at me because of what your friend did to you. Have some balls and ague with him. Shit people make their own bed.
It's Finally Friday! And Happy Birthday to the great Michael Jordan! But why are David Brooks & Reid Hoffman trending?
bet! Jordyn scared of the beach though she might have to chill wit momma. Lol
Animal rights crazies, really?!? HBO cancels Luck after 3rd Horse death. Just when it was getting good.
Just read about proposed bill to limit youth from liquor store purchases. I applaud you! I hope this passes. It's needed.
Only 20 tix left 2 David Crowder Fight 2 End Hunger Tour Extravaganza. We R at Greenwood Mall Food Ct till 8
A great man is always willing to be little. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
#WorstFeeling when your uncertain.. Not sure.. :-//
Driving on a windy night in Hollywood, leaves flying off trees like red & gold confetti to the tune of Broken Bells' "Head's on Fire." Sexy.
Sonic happy hour with good start to the weekend
RIP Les Paul
I'm going to miss you girls!!!
i wouldn't call it an obsession...
man, you were so far up my ass, I thought my colon had hired an interior decorator.
wtf. i told spencer. what kinda brother is he!? lol but thanks dude. forreal!
not sure if I'd refer to George Lindsey as a "TV pioneer." Character actor, yes.
Rise & shine
is transforming inner turmoil into manure for his garden, and the fruits will be sweet.
me too....tomorrow too
Hesher is one crazy/funny/sad little flick.
but thanks :)
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Haha! & u must prove it if they are. RT : If you have a Skrillex haircut I'm going to assume your pubes are half shaven too.
I'm taking the GMAT next Thursday. Any advice?
Netherlands officials cite organized crime as grounds to ban tourists buying pot. And we all know criminalizing pot reduces organized crime.
GIRL : I'm not waiting for a prince, I'm waiting for someone who thinks I'm his princess.
i promise you whoever buys this beat im listening to will have a song on their project that stands out as being exceptional
omg, ur makn my stomach upset with all those poo poo teams!!!
i'm just happy to have found someone who wants to kiss me and has a favorite episode of How I met Your Mother.
Happy Valentine's Day from the Signature Team! May your day be filled with love and cheer :-)
I had a GREAT day (;
I couldn't weight on my wait anymore! RT : I souled my sole to the Devil.
think through this men's onesie idea. Men will have to queue up at the men's room like women do.
ugh nice watch...
I'm glad we have the old back <3
#iusedtothink THAT THE HOMELESS PEOPLE ON THE SIDE OF THE ROAD WERE REALLY HOMELESS UNTIL I SAW ONE JIGGALATING IN SUM GATORS LOL
I'll have to take a raincheck Doug! But now you know who you can get some amazing wines from!!
email me so I can get a hold of you so we can do interview with you!
thanks! & also thanks for the follow back :) should you need new shots down the line, feel free to contact me.
sup man!
Steve Nash was born on a UFO
oh lol okay! 😃
Our Cash Mob business did its best day ever! What a rewarding experience. What a concept.
Are you protected from Electrical Spikes? Call us and see how we can protect your units from this costly random event.
Ferry to Brooklyn for lunch and a Brooklyn Lager, then a walk across the bridge back to Manhattan.
What a Beautiful day in the City!! :)
LOL! You need help too I take it. Go away...you are worthless and weak.
Rat actually just ran over my foot. #nycfirsts guess I should be happy it took almost 10 years for that to happen...
Indeed! RT Very cool. RT : Really cool #VW #banner ad. Does it work for you?
no D:
Am a certified licensed LBPR contactor ... Check it out at gyframing.com
What are your thoughts on NL MVP runner up Matt Kemp coming to town as hottest hitter in MLB?
I got one earlier from someone I follow. ODD. I guess they got me some how.
Q. What flowers grow on faces? Tulips (Two-lips)!
why you up so early? Flying again?
drunk or not, tired or not, i'm listening to blitzen trapper - echo
That's true bro. I hoop and make beats and i'm damn good at both tho...lol
Nick I will see you at the Berk JazzFest !
Do u ever drive while hanging ur foot out tbe window? Just saw that// And you didn't even honk? Least I'm wearing undies!
It is indeed. 😊 We're so smart.
The best is
I'm feeling the mood you in today
You're nothing short of my everything.
RIP Junior Seau. A great player and class act. Its a tough loss for the football world.
We are putting the finishing touches on the PO$ITIVE PU$H online store. Grand opening is going to be massive! Stay tuned Contest coming soon
Thank you Sevier!! Hope you had a great Birthday!!
Ughh, FCAT today :p shoot me.
Rangers beat themselves and completely outmuscled in the crease.
Thanks for the RTs & the SO! Happy Thursday!
finna watch transformers an brainstorm
react bible study tonight at 8 n upper kings chapel. Come out and have fun praising and learning :)
halloween is gay
you mean ??? Lol love it
shh .. i dont hear a Lakers fan talking at all ..
where is the best hotdog in nyc?
Sneezing is ugly!!
flarf-driven Emily Dickinson impersonator uses "yolo" instead of dashes.
Camping and frosted animal crackers.
My check this week>>>>>>
Whatcha reading right now? I'm reading "The One Minute Millionaire" by Mark Victor Hansen and Robert G. Allen.
Lady's if u love yo man show him u the fliest grind up on it show him how u ride it
For Billy Crystal.... RT Tina Fey's hair has a hardon.
Good morning Houston... Let's make it a great week and end the Q3 STRONG!!!
maybe they'll be fresher, if they just get in and play. lol
What can you live without right now? (Aside from these tweets!)
hahaha you guys are hilarious!
I'm not pissed? More annoyed.
is talking with this Thursday! He's won the ! Hit us up if you want to ask him a question.
Thanks for the RT's!!!
THIRSTY THURSDAY at the Hustler Club!Get $3 Absolut Vodka Drinks, Bud & Bud Light ! Come in for the time of your life!
I don't think that most people are aware of that though.
today was moderately hell.
Okay. Sorry, if Im being nosey, but what'd he say? ...if you dont mind telling me.
I told you I was going to throw the book at you...
I had to step away, missed Tyler Perry. But I recorded it!
Happy Birthday Week :)
I really can't decide what I'm most excited for this weekend- #HungerGames or #MadMen premiere. Can't wait.
😳 see how you use that against me
exspecially: it's not a word, friends.
that makes sense. i'd just be nervous if design gets to a point where its mostly a pay-per-view situation...
My tum tum is full :P
There aint no doubt in my mind, country must be country wide(:
AR Under TONIGHT! Come on out 'yall!!!
S/O to my new Follower ! , Mwahh Much Love and I Kills That Jerk lol
“: manliest photo ive ever been in, how about you " Yea buddy
Hello friend, please ignore the DM. Spam. I was hacked. :( I tried to DM you but Twitter won't let me. Sorry!
SuperCycle is coming really soon the Studio who's Excited
yup Tim is a great guy to have in the locker room, Shanahan always raves about him
Me, too! “: I love Sundays more when Howard live is just around the corner...”
yes yes ya are
Can't wait to have dinner with my family!
I'm not that great anyways lol
haven't followed until recently. Drawn in hearing son & other die-hard parents. Lot to learn.
will you be organizing a running/jogging group at DHSI? ;)
Hope you and the wonderful had a terrific bday bash!
You won't need to drive that far to see us haha. We'll be playing in MD soon ;)
and its march and I can think of 2... durant and Lbj
: referencen something specific from the interview, something you talked about maybe during the intro?
who are we talking about??????
Hi beautiful! I thought about you yesterday when I saw my personalized and autographed copy of "LINK THE EVOLUTION" Miss you!
+1. Though I might get gyros.
You can do anything that doesn't get me into trouble as your babysitter! :P
We should plan a trip to go see in Austin! Eep!
Thx for the
I need a squirrel.
that would be cool
- I own a company that cleans pools, what are you looking for, some help or someone to do it?
yeah it is i have like 5 shirts n a hat... Got a head shop by me that sells srh n kmk gear so i also have like 20 kmk n srh
what's the domain? we'll check it out
RT “: Never doubt Tom Brady.”
I sure hope that posts tropical pictures of her dad, in his Speedo. Tell Mr. B I said
or the military.
Waiting for my bf to text me back...wish he was here wit me.. ~*S&T*~
I'm tweeting about two different people; I bet my followers are confused as fuuuuuuuh . (x
My moms playing Logos Quiz and she cant even spell the name of the car she drives..
Less than 3 weeks until Family Fun Day at Hartwood August 8th. Lots of great stuff for the kids from 12-4pm and its all FREE!
I know! Is it still 1-0?
On what its like that tho
Been fighting a migraine for two days. I think it's finally overtaking...
Cool story bro..now go publish it and sell to someone who gives a fuck.-,-
Thinking about joining the course? Sit in on one of our classes for free. Just drop in and let us know your sitting in...
Screening tonight of Nuit #1, le nouveau debut feature by Anne Émond about young French ravers falling in love (or at least, having le sex)
Ya manda and there is also an unfollowed button
I'm so tired of mediocre movies being hyped for like two years before they come out.
yeah, I found all the info on the site! I'll probably try to go after work tonight... No idea where it is
what's the point in creating a Science Direct user account if I can't save individual articles for later?
sorry, we're fans over here ...
There have been some good trailers tonight. #Prometheus and #theraven are particularly intriguing.
I'm hungry for some breakfast!!!! LoL
how many times have u met IB?
Is this Kentucky team better than the John Wall & Demarcus Cousins team?!... I THINK SO!
sounds fancy :]
not yet
Goodnight. x- ♥
RT : REAL.LIFE.EXHIBIT Grand Opening. Thanks 2 & 100's of volunteers
Wish the other gals were here to wish Maddy farewell.. I see how it is
Great show today fellow show goers See you Fri!
And, I'm lagged four days. Buh dum dum. :-)
Went to see Hunger Games today. Absolutely loved it!
Ha!! : "There is almost no marital problem that can't be helped enormously by taking off your clothes." -- Garrison Keillor
California pizza kitchen with Roo
hahah! that's too funny! when i read that i laughed so hard that i snorted & my office is dead quite too! (umm...embarrassing)
to make better grades this semester & I'm super excited about taking ASL, so I'll dedicate a lot of effort n2 ASL especially!
I'm in the best mood <3
I'm working on a little baby blueberry hat now! Whatcha working on?
No, any startup would benefit from 's teachings. Hope to see you there.
Did you know that estimates now show that over 60% of the American population is considered overweight? I say we get to work on fixing that!
4 min increments.. Really??
I am totally content with the fact that I've eaten WAY too much chocolate today. And this week.
Link doesn't work
after my haircut we will
yes mother!!!;p
Old boss told me I look great in a way that suggests it is not really true.
First #pla12 session of the day: book discussion groups
Preach! At long last, some big picture leadership in the college arena.
I mainly use V-8 for at-home bloody marys. But this TJ stuff is all off--too much vinegar and carrot maybe, not enough celery.
Staff (TEM) retreat 2012 is going to be in Rosemary Beach!! 1
Hopefully there aren't too many crumbs in the keyboard. In related news, there's some junk food in my drawers if you want it.
Omgah I do to lol. I saw the music video this morning jajaja
Never use a metaphor, simile, or other figure of speech which you are used to seeing in print
Hunger: One of the few cravings that cannot be appeased with another solution.
When is your next project due out? I've worn out Live Out Loud! Lol
how do I change that usrname?
IF YOU DON'T SEE THE FNORD IT CAN'T EAT YOU
Make vacation plans for May each year.
Design and produce your graphics ahead of time. Allow enough time to preview your graphics early. Have someone proofread your copy.
RT : ACRL 2013 proposals are due this Friday! Don't miss this opportunity to share ideas with your colleagues....
At last...the cast is off!!
My post workout treat. 2 cigarettes, 1 cold Budweiser, Tullamore Dew on the rocks and Sweet potato skins, hold the cheese.
I picked up a chick at a gay bar once. Yes it was actually girl.
“: i don't respect niggas who talk/act like bitches”
Thanks man, sent my info to the email from your website
pet peeve - screen shots of your entire desktop. really? crop that shit out people!
What do Think of third party reviews?? got to me site and click the review part and tell me what you think these
Tags:video, news coverage, TV Segment, HubSpot Culture
Hello Seattle Tweeps. Sorry 4 lack of tweets. Eldest daughter (& 1st born) married this wkend. Sun came out just in time. gotta sell paninis
No, I would say Dracula was.
my ads have been disable for invalid before they even start to appear on my blog. Please let me know how to fix this. Thank you.
Nope. If it happens it happens but the chances are slim and getting slimmer lok Xx
I'm unfollowing everyone but you
#IllHaveAnother “: The Bourbon Renewal with , lemon juice, creme de cassis, simple syrup and a dash of
Good song. Glad to hear about "Zoo", I want to see it, I'm a a ScarJo fan.
god save some for the weekend
Wow! Thank you,
damn! Nice job. Why the two-a-days?
hey Tyler will you re-follow me? (:
Outstanding breakfast briefing with Rich Miner Android co-founder and Google Ventures exec this morning! shame shame if you missed it!
i'll think about it. getting my 3rd tat next month. you'll love the quote on that one. :)
I need your healing rope.
So true about hiphop!
thank you crazy!!!
Couldnt be anymore tired than I am right now. Do not wanna go to school tomorrow. Do not wanna take finals. Do not wanna do anything
Happy hour anyone? The #firestonedistrict has plenty of choices to choose from! Make ur way down here!
he had ahold of his arm but he fell over like he got shot... Come on. Keane needs to be tougher then that!
I just made a dinner reservation for next weekend at Flying Fish Cafe. Fingers crossed we can sit at chef's table!
I just wanna share my love....share my love with u - R.Kelly
Hitting on girls via blackboard.... I have no shame >:D
I have no idea. Not sure that I want to figure out the subconscious thoughts that manifest itself in that way...
When I Met You Last Night Baby,
Sometimes things are better left unsaid.
Wow - that is amazing - suspicion confirmed (hopefully) - Now I'll go see it
RT : Speaking of, I haven't paid for the person behind me's drink in the Starbucks drive-through recently. I should.
Congrats to Coach Peeler + Lady Cards - esp the seniors - u played hard tonite & all year. Enjoyed watching u compete - thx
Can't see through Emmert's BS can you?
Received so many compliments on how awesome the venue and system is.
no problem if anything you have a fan in me I am just in aww right now that I even got a response from you.!
FINAL: No. 4 Eastern beats No. 2 St. X 8-7. Eagles SS Jonah Philley ends game w/ line drive snag and unassisted double play at 2nd base.
Mhmm, sure! Love you too(:
#VansWarpedTour was fun but I am tired. Pool time?
Wouldn't Lindsay V and Tim T make a cute couple?
Luxurious & sensual, sheer materials elevate the style of any room, Hunter Douglas line, you'll find 100's of sheer fabrics to choose from.
no Spiteful brews tonight but we will see you there!
Just finished setting up this twitter ya dig.
I hope you had a wonderful Birthday with your family Rick!
hahaha! So true!
A mysterious donor who gave $1 million to a political action committee supportive of Mitt Romney for president has been identified.
let's go #mizzou! looking for a 13-0 start to conference play.
I did not mean to retweet that. Lol.
What do think one wears to work when the temperature outside is going to be 100 with heat indexes up to 111? Is a bathing suit appropriate?
yeah yeah it takes a lot of energy to hate somebody but he's my graduate advisor and his inaction might prevent me from graduating i'm spent
old timers
we have crap sears so just by tigers bull pen
This rumor has gotten so far out of control
not watching NBA basketball related stuff, thats for sure.
thanks for spreading the word.
man they was ballin tonight u goin to thd game on weds?
K and FYI I swear to "God" I have used "Rebel with a cause" forever. And what happened bella? Your talking slow down? LOLOLO
i know u do somewhere deep down inside
Worked it good ❤❤❤❤❤
Thank you for attending the New Mix event and the mention!
oh, no! Only 7 minutes left to chat with the bloggers. womp, womp.
It would be on Drudge with a "FLASHBACK" to the video of someone getting beaten up in a McDonalds. Awesome.
Ive been watching SVU all day. I need to change the channel
ugh, 146 emails.
Yeah, I was in that closed eyes/half asleep mid stage. m
When I hugged Alec, I just broke down.
Didnt know planning a birthday event would be this difficult
We have some ad space up at Check out their next orientation Sept. 6th & tell us if you see it.
if you have a dope brand! best believe we want to do business with you hit us up
has moved to room 308, bigger, badder, better
Anyone know how to trigger an SVT episode? I've only got the ECAT for two more days and so far they haven't been able to capture one.
LOL! They have an unlimited supply.
: good idea. Thank you for the good feedback. I REALLY appreciate it.
sweet. Sounds like the same organization. Although royals good first 20 years of franchise. Last 25 yrs have sucked
so good running into you last nightt <3
The kids just came in with fish from Horace and Dickies. Just a snack,but since Dinner is later-Ive got to wait! The smell is inescapable!:)
is interviewing Director today to record a few words for tonight's cOMmunity screening
Is it possible that Congress wrote the tax laws to be in legal agreement with the US Const but makes it appear they apply to everyone?
wow sounds cool! I am suffering from the 1st world problem of jury selection.
okay, cause that's what she made today. Hahaha :D
Happy Mother's day. Hope you are enjoying the day.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it
Good idea. RT : The Obama Campaign strategy is to portray Mitt Romney as a throwback to the policies that caused the recession.
lol. I'm taking notes here.
Muppet! Muppet! Muppet!
RT: : We'll be closed on Friday, April 23, but don't fret--we'll still be open on Saturday from noon-6pm!
me too!! “: T- 5 minutes until I'm with my very best friend so ridiculously excited #cantwait #loveher”
Luv u guys! enjoying your tweets! :-) Tks for the follow!
There is a film festival somewhere out there that I need to be at.
"I woke up feeling like my left nut was being twisted off" 😳😳😷 things you hear at the hospital at 3am
As an artist I see how many artists in Africa are losing out on their property rights. - Helene Faussart
Do for me and ill do for you.
Please can you follow me???? I did!!!
I'm calling out Dwayne Wade. He keeps gambling on defense & doesn't run back. Did it 3 plays in a row! Bench his ass!
I Could Be Omw To STL But Noo , Mama Sick .
Given how I've been up since 6am yesterday you would think I'd be dear right now. However I'm just yired lol.
How do you get this information before I do? I work here!
Turbo Tax. ugh
data doesn't make one literate. other way around. you need to be "literate" to be able to use & understand data effectively for..
glad you enjoyed!
Terrible roads. #61 bus stuck at Roland Avenue & University Parkway
Are you assuming or implying that I pay zero taxes? If so, wrong.
"The Avengers" will be the closing film at New York's Tribeca Film Festival on April 28th.
I agree...will Rose be healthy for the start of next season?
I have a home game Monday and so do you, now we can take pictures with our jerseys because we both are number 17:)
your dumb..
Great day today working with a client as she reinvents herself as a leader and launches a new buisness unit. Relaxing now in Santa Monica!
I need vid ideas!!!
#chillax bro.
thanks Julie, I was going to send you a reminder in the morning :)
Just got word a certain 7" was shipped today and we will be announcing our new band and release in our next newsletter.
ACLU's Jay Stanley is concerned about #NSTIC and warns that cyberspace is not just fur commerce. It is also an avenue for expression.
Dutra can me and Brittany please hang out on Friday?
Be careful out there people. RT All NYC parks are officially closed because so many trees and branches are coming down.
Thx! RT : The Charlotte Stories exhibit is great! I didn't know the museum had some of these items from the early 19C.
f yeah! Let's do this.
Great website, great idea,
I just liked the response. I'm sure you learned your lesson. :)
#ThatOnePersonInSchool you cant stop staring at <3 omg, that person is my ex. Miss him:(
What Memorial magic???? Go Cats!!!
NOTHIN HERE HAVIN A HEAD ACH N WHAT NOT N BEING NERVOUS BCUZ OF TOMORROW AHH IM THE 1ST ONE FOR THE INTERVIEWW
Performing at the annual 420 rally fundraiser tonight @ Casselmans, doors @ 7 come through & smoke one with your boy! Play It Through 21+
All dressed up for cupcake tea at the Ritz. Yep. Then home to change for Dead Weather show later.
Michigan out in order in the sixth, Wolverines still lead UW 5-4 heading to bottom of the sixth inning.
Thanks You just cost me $115.99. ;)
Ate the chocolate world macorons and it pretty much sucked....has a hollow middle
Does anyone use QR codes at their events or has anyone ever been on the user end? Feedback?
Stunning outside, I think I'm feeling sick. Cough cough?
no one even had the Giants making the playoffs but now if Brady beats them, he's the greatest ever?
just a very slight bump.. it`s all good
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you let something slip out your mouth, and there's no taking it back
Love year-end accounting. GL review. Ugh. Need to train my staff better.
WMWJW: What's the Matter with Joan Walsh?
...There is always something to remember Something to remember To begin
yes!!! :( so depressing! dropped it while getting out of my car at work this morning. it looks so bad!
can't wait for the show it's always a ny favorite mine too!
The Dean from Community just won an Oscar! Awesome!
Slow night.. Closing early ..10.30pm come on over
Shame shame Race for the cure unless of course you're poor and must go to a place that provides *affordable* care.
#NEWARKNEWS NOW OPEN, LINCOLN RD, NEWARK
Im in a NY state of mind
two ads and an updated business plan due today. Ready set GO!
Hey miss you RT hey luv!!!!
Well thankyou! - but reaLly, the silence is essential for you to pull all your feelings in and settle within yuorself the beauty of your ...
Its the most wonderful time of the year.
Have a question about medication? Call Hieber’s at 412-681-6400 or text the word HEALING followed by your question to 96362!
Doesn't an Italian BMT sound perfect for dinner? I think so anyway. Can't wait to stop by #SUBWAY for dinner!
There's always one song...that fits the situation a little too perfectly.wtf lol
Nope. I got bored with football
what song is this.
Models I have worked with
Americana artist, is playing Friday the 13th @ 8.30pm @ The Pig N Whistle!
And you would look FABULOUS in it!
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 12
#ila2011 It's not just about leadership. It's about using our #leadership abilities to save the planet!
80/20 Scorer DVD release MAY 15th. Remember "Impossible is an Opinion."
RT : A true friend will never test or tempt you with things that they know you struggle with.
Sometimes I feel like I want to start everything over.
Stayed up till 3:00 reading (again) and just now getting up.
RT : watched it loved it! Im really enjoying it can't wait for each new episode keep up the good...
In n out RT : Where is that at?
I just fb now you fb
Poor Pinterest. I just got a message that they're servers are overloaded and to try again later.
I just want to say thank you to all my followers. I want to say thank you to all the fans of us entertainers.
HAPPY NEW YEARS TO ALL & U ALL HAVE A BLESSED ONE!
No bullshit - Chris brown : FAVORITE SONG EVER❤
Thanks for checking in! Let us know if we can do anything for you. Happy Monday! :)
Te quiero ami, today is a soul searching day ;-) Love u
Looks like I found a place. Very exciting!
Looking at someone on your timeline and saying "why can't I look like that?"
Francona's damaged goods. Year after year after year of soul-crushing, spirit-breaking winning takes a toll.
We can probably get you a hero card!
Nap time.. my brain is fried
is at Kona grill w the girls :)
Gotta sell your YSL? - Sun-Sentinel
#Forward 85% of the world's human population makes less than $200 a month.
i shaved i look terrible shut up but yeah how u been imu :*
Lmfao I have the best boyfriend ever just saying! He's such a sweetheart! (: Iknow your jealous.. :P
The SEO question reminds me that this is where the super-charging idea came from. If everyone is doing the same thing cont...
I'm an engineer/producer based out of FLUX Studios in NYC. I'm looking 2 meet emerging artists n the area. Can MEANYFEST help me?
Likewise. We're excited to be sharing the work we're doing and supporting the #GotYour6 message. //
Note to self: never wear flats without socks ever again. Never. Ever.
oh yeah! But I love what they are doing with the characters
Great question, and I aim to find the answer. Right after this crazy holiday season wraps up, of course.
We will be out on Washington&Fleet at Ale Marys and for a little photo shoot for the Baltimore Sun. Tonight 8pm. Sharp.
no worries! it was such a fun show! I go to USD too! it's a blast there. we will have to play some music when we get there
I just wanna feel like i'm ACTUALLY cared for...
: Greetings from LA!!
Lima...one week and counting
is your game over already?
what to do with a pound of quinoa?
I hate my geometry class.
Looking for a few people to join me & my friend as occasional writers for Let me know if you are interested. /via
Today's Tip: Don't eat out of the container or box. You'll have better portion control when you serve food with a separate plate or bowl.
Did you go out and protest for May Day???? Anything interesting happen in SC?
THX! RT : Gr8 impromptu dinnr/dessert @ The Red Door 2night. Gr8 service, tasty food... Kudos to Kim & David. C u soon!
If God dropped acid, would he see people?
So irritated with him smh
also bonus point win.
She will be loved.
Greetings' to everyone..message for today is to enjoy life while u still can. because each day is not promised to either one of us!!!~
lol, it's a good thing! It beats drafting contracts for several hours . . .
Liar! If it was "Pick On Derek Day" I would've picked on you.
WHAT DAY IS IT 2DAY? FF! Come n to , bring somethin n frm the posted buzzfeed link & get it cleaned 4 FREE!
RT My food's not at all what I ordered, thats gotta be bad ... Sorry all the live streamers if I eat in your face :-)
Does Baytown still run EMS separate from Fire?
Nothing much you?
Walking. The safest, most efficient way to burn fat. MindFirstFitness.
I'm like the fucking terminator. I'm just gonna keep coming after you.
It's time you get your story straight.
merry christmas to you to
Architects is in charge of $700m Rams dome retrofit.Same firm was lead design firm for Miller Park
More L.A. #shakespeare for #ff: - Richard I. Catch it before it closes Feb 25.
they definitely need to make one of those!! That would be so awesome! We should make one (: lol
it's the email for imessage
is that bad? :o RT added penguins to her bio.-.
i do A&R for the label that releases all the music on iTunes.
As long as Tebow remains humble, NY will not get the best of him. He might help change the mindset of NY media.
All of this subtweeting...
I gotta get back over that way!
me and Jenny are going to throw a party when you come home :)
c'mon, Bingham smells like roses.
we are looking forward to unveiling our new look to RELG 2636!
Send us pics of your favorite Spring shorts look for a chance to be featured in the next Jeantherapy photoshoot!
tehehe its OK:) but uhm my mommy said that I can spend the night or you can spend the night of you want tonight :)
u knoe it,but its really not mines doe but i need sumbody 2 tlk 2 doe
It's scary to think that there's only 4 more years left until the "grown up world" for me. ;c I wish things would slow down.
Yea u right but dey probaly peeped dat basket full of 20's one day lol
My boss and I just did a happy dance in her office. This is not a joke.
Yeah man some Mexican thugs from Detroit. People are crazy!
Bored, listening to Black Veil Brides<3
What are you doing there?!
Tried out Whole Foods. Left with a block of cheese and some weird crackers. But I could have left with some Toms. It was an option.
Patio open, martini making & DJ spinning! See you tonight!
OK, OK, something nice. It's nice to not have to pretend like we're impressed by Derek's juggling
Just had a great meeting with in SF! First date of their headliner tour! Looking forward to working with them, great guys!
You don't understand. Hamas will fight to the death!! (of helpless children and other civilians
"Lucky I didn't have Jay drop him from the team"
Wow, 5 shows now booked and 1 radio interview. Going to be a busy end of the year!
MiLB guys are just my type!
Idea: useable coffee filter dispenser. There. I just made you a million dollars.
thanks for the heads up. We'll check it out.
Why am I not getting notifications that people are messaging me on here?
Do you have a mobile provider with no roaming agreement, which causes problems for your business?
What is your anxious child's favourite exercise? Is it a group or family activity?
Just got a new track hot off the press. Studio Gangstaz-Get Nasty. This track is gonna rock the electro house scene!
First Mammoth fan to find Wooly in the building and say the phrase "All-Decade Team" to the mascot will win a sick prize!
hm who and where are you tracking? I might be down... Caught part of barmmap on ustream last night. Interesting!
You have 100,000 followers? o: PUT IT ON YOUR RESUME. They'll be sure to hire you.
Nobody gets me.
Thinking about the after party.. I might go
SNOW in Salzburg!
If you can't look in the proverbial mirror and find a flaw, that IS your flaw.
Benefits vary & are often unexpected. Ex: teaching seniors/kids tech turns into dealing w/ ESL folks for the first time.
to be happy and loved "That's All I Really Wanna Do".
After passing three dairy queens, you eventually just take it as a sign.
if you have a problem with the rule that is fine. No need to continually bash Bo for playing by the rule.
Good, not just me! Unfortunately, I often forget about them for a while :P
Good Morning Tweepz
Sony launches new smartphone - Sun.Star
Tacos are back?! No Fish & Chips?
For real? Yikes! Good catch.
U design album covers 4 the band #Transcendence! Great work. Good 2 meet u! RT : become villains
awhh I didn't win. I guess I should break the news to my mom...
thanks for the Blast on new video by The Natural
#808Pridenews Its 9:55am and i just woke up kama should be up in like 6hours
Edwin Maysonet grand slam, as predicted by
I just finished the Hunger Games Trilogy and I'm speechless!
Valentine's Day Twitter poetry contest! Tweet us your "love letter" about the Bali Hai for a chance to win a $50 gift cert! Through Monday..
RT : Stress kills. Smile more.
do you feel like a plastic bag?
call my PR director Molly at 215-413-1443 & she'll schedule an interview. Can't wait to talk about
will I run into you at #bigomaha?!
I don't feel good .
spring break for me so far is awsome : )
thanks, looks like a great conference. Even if I don't make the cut, I still hope to attend!
“Our food should be our medicine and our medicine should be our food.” – Hippocrates
RT The extremely happy moment when you drop your iphone/ipod and the headphones save its life.
but shit than again maybe she will...
FCPA: Warren Buffett: “There’s never just one cockroach in the kitchen.”
Stuck in a classroom all day
Thanks for shout-out about my classes. Look forward to perhaps seeing you there...
I'm prone to hyperbole, but one of the best meals I've ever had.
RT : Finished Daniel Handler's Why We Broke Up. It's a must read for any love-sick or heartbroken teen. Or an adult...
RT Love this feeling. I'm 15 years old right now!
the 4 amibros! sold. we may need to move to this given the clientele for the new "water pong" at gus'
Love him or hate him, LeBron was the MVP this season. Well deserved.
To run or not to run ..
I'm so proud of you! I told you loves you so much! ;) I felt too :)
yes , ex-ac-a-tact-ly :( haha.
Tonight is the last night for salsa under the stars at Elements for the season. Last chance till spring! Hope you join us in P&L tonight!
RIP Titanic and those that perished 100 years ago.
thanks for the kind shout-out - you make it easy!
Tweeted at halftime of 1st game. Just sayin RT Kentucky v. Kansas Monday nite. Officially calling with 25% of games played ...
High Noon Saloon Sunday Dec 19 @ 1pm for the GRC Fund Raiser! Queenie & the Blue Cats, The Sigourney Weavers, plus GRC & LRC bands!
my pleasure. Please feel free to keep me in line when needed also
RT : The Crisis in Scholarly Communication is like The Cold War. One reason why claims that "
which is indian for??
Success of integration has much to do with teacher education. Cost of team-teaching; mastermind who can bring it together
i want to see Lebron get a ring no lie. i just wanna see his reaction
$1 burger Monday $3 tall cocktails $2 miller deb has music on patio and sun shining
Coming to Jacksonville, TX next Friday night!
haha true, I took it easy on him though since he is still in the league (on my celts, injured but was better than i thought
Glad I learned how to zone out ...haha
why does Sloan look so manorexic?!
Ray allenn for three!!!!
Wondering what the Line will be when we play Lions for Bears to knock Matt Stafford out for t season for the 3rd year in a row?
your tweets are so deep right now! 👍
Hahaha, yes please! My self esteem has been pretty low since I haven't gotten too many new followers lately... :'(
My second game this year, hit up Marquette at Providence, gotta take free tix when you can get em
Caesar ain't tha type 2 ride dick but Since88 finna be HAM!! Thorobread music let's go!
He's only been at NC St for 1 year. I was thinking of his record at Bama--OK, but not bring-him-to-UK level.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Luv this game" by Anna
Still need to sign up for advising
weather forecasters don't know anything
Daily cleansing can take a toll on your skin. Use cool water when rinsing your face.
The only things my room is missing is a tv, ps3, and fireplace
Nice rally cap bro. You're the anti-Bartman. Go stand in center field.
I was chilling drinking my coffee. Anything wrong this that?
It's a knucklehead city
I'm heading to my next stop shortly. We'll plan ahead next time. :)
Another day another dollar!
i think i am this weekend!
I need the hairspray DVD please I'm being harassed :(
Today is gonna be brilliant! Say it with me...
Never was a #tebow fan & just love #PeytonManning. Go !!
Yes i do i will be opened tomorrow
sore throat :/
LOL... I'm sorry but this level of service is unacceptable.
Turning off my alarm because I don't have to work until 5 tomorrow is a great feeling. Only thing better would be no work at all.
I can see that happening very easily actually esp at FAMU. Ppl can bring in fake papers/documents plus it's up to
costs more but has so many great features! Would be great 4 presentations. Bummer on the long wait-let me know how it works out
that sounds amazing!
Seriously? Explains a lot. Still, MLS could take efforts to recruit & certify more.
which arbys? On what street girl?
#ATTENTION PLEASE FOLLOW NOW!!! ---> #TVDFAMILY #PLLFAMILY #DIRECTIONER #FOLLOW NOW NOW NOW NOW!!! GO GO GO!!!
what's Cherry Smash?
Thanks man. This shit is stressful!
a exiting bachelor just said "she's missing out on a great body" and then showed us? um????
hey thanks buddy! hope to see you there...
4 more day til Georgia! Band practice tonight!! 🎤🎸🎵
Dear Winnipeg and True North, PLEASE NAME YOUR TEAM!!! is anyone else getting annoyed that its been weeks and still no name!?
Give a jackass an education and you get a smartass
pedialyte & Gatorade can be your friend. Hope you feel better soon.
Here at Yanni's concert for a friend who sings backup: the gorgeous voice of Lauren Jelencovich!
Where you at
Saw 's name on the title credits! Excited!
When Joseph missed that free throw, how angry were you?
I love !!! She is truly an incredible inspiration!!
Hey Heat....Love that you got BEAT!!
hahaha omg the speech was so bad. Not a fan.
": My cutie presenting all by herself & looking cute af :* <3" I almost passed out.
You're just lucky that I have a great sense of humor lol.
RT“: #Cancer and #Scorpio match made in Heaven when they are getting along or else a volcanic eruption waiting to happen”
by the way, great game Pens, just need three more like it
Thanks for your vote! We hope you'll keep casting votes for us until May 21, and encourage your friends to do the same!
Youtube ads will be the death of me
Why are so many suggesting Gomez for Leino? Sabres would never take on an albatross like Gomez.
One thousandth tweet. <3
I always buy things on impulse & i just bought some purple paisa lookin heels . . . its a sign. lol paisa anna !
Idk what this pertains to but I'm gonna be upset if i missed Jericho
1490 ESPN "The Zone" travels from Corpus to McAllen tomorrow to broadcast Alexander vs Brownsville Pace at 3:55pm with & me.
Semi truck rolls onto an suv north of Lancaster this morning.The truck was carrying 6-foot-long ceramic pipes, crushing the front of the suv
"mom knows best" Favorite quote ! <3
Petite feet, feminine step, sounds like a lady when he's walking in a room
#Seattle won the #snow war w/ #Portland. Big time. One flurry in SE #PDX this morning and now it's sunny. I'll take it.
#808Pride NEVER say ur not #Beautiful because baby u were born this way
More food for thought: If the subsidized $99 Xbox 360/Kinect comes to fruition, could it be a test-run for their next-gen console pricing?
That awk moment when a person's like "you know that thing..." and you dont know what they r talkin so their like "oh... Nevermind then."
PR Tip of the Day: Every story needs a “poster face”. For reporters, no story is worse than one without any ordinary people in it.
I just saw this, great article! If we're connected all the time, strong arguments against 2 hours of traffic each day.
Awww!! I love and miss you too!!!!! <3 <3 <3 Yup, still in Spain living it up the last month I have. :D
I am good... thanks for asking and you? :)
Hope everyone is looking forward to the Oscars tonight! Any predictions?
“: She can cook like her mother and drink like her father. #ShesAKeeper” I'd keep her!!!!
Would love to see a Celtics - Sixers series.
That said, I hope he has a good start and the #Dodgers bullpen runs afoul of #TheLegendOfGeorgeKottaras again
Wow. Weather is here!
How the hell is it getting light out already
Hi Amrit! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
Manners is very important in the Santorum household. Grammar, not so much....
Join the Twitterthon. Donate a tweet to raise awareness of
the opposite of.... eh, it's been done.
thinkin about what. And same
Can you do 7:30? If so, I can reserve a table for 5.
if we're being honest pitbull looks more like a hairless cat than a pitbull
Bring back the Heartbeat of America slogan
Today's adorable (but fragile) find: pressed violets sent by a 6 year old to her older brother in 1901.
someone has to keep him on his toes.....hes been slacking all day...so scared of a little itty bitty 14ft gator. lol
Sneezing, Watery Eyes, & Coughing your guts out; What fun. D:
Hey, it was a good edit, though. I mean, if you're gonna use puppets, then use puppets.
Five days into #Lent and I've already screwed up. I couldn't even last a week!
Looking at Noein it's a cool a anime I like to watch.
"I'm seeing all the signs from above. I'm gonna be the one that he loves! I was made for loving him, the fashion of his love"
Yes I forgive but I learn to never forget.
Any chance we'll see a Charity Water Big Jambox in those fantastic colors?
I mean you can check on him whenever you want;)
#gtd 3 of 4) A printout of my tasks for when I'm not getting a signal
even better with a hoppy dog
Hard week. Life will get better:/
what's degree?
...ready to celebrate the weekend in T - 1 hour. What are your plans?
Testing can lick my left toe.
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving
my favorite quote!
It was so nice having out last week that we actually kind of miss her...it may be the circuslike aura that she provides
What desk did you get? I need a new one.
have a damn headache I can't get rid of.
Fuckk so not down for a full day of school tomorrow -___-
West Ham and Bayern double today
Movie Tavern with Nee Nee and my In-Laws. :)
Why are you scared? Hahaha
I am officially addicted to coffee... again. Happens every time.
this sucks butthole where u have to scoop ur poop out of it with a spoon!
Homo Picnic LP on the wall at Milkcrate
Just a feeling....I'm guessing McCarthy goes for the jugular here...either a long bomb or no huddle the entire drive
Getting some negative feedback re: my original M&M question... What I meant was that I prefer: M&M peanuts, pretzels, peanut butter, etc.
No following Hook it up w some good events!!!
Can't take SVU seriously in HD
Taught that to worship those with $, cars, clothes and hoXs, but none of these things can save or cleanse your soul.
I can only be board for so long then I go insane then realise I am all ready insane Then go back to being Board :/
Hi Can You Follow Me Pleaz..? (: And I Think Your Really Pretty..!
Another beautiful day in LA
Love a woman in boy shorts !!!!!!
Landsharks are no lie
- Doing great bud! Just that work has picked up, but nevertheless, still getting it in!
singing group
RT : "Don't let yourself be defined by the competition." Ken Chenault, CEO Amex [Great quote live at #FMC!]
WHY DON'T WE HAVE A FOREMAN GRILL IN THE CAR?!!!
God bless the day came to the
I like Americanos now, but it took me a while to warm to them. Always compared them to drip coffee. Apples & oranges. I feel so hip now!
NEW ICON(:
2 for iPhone 4, iPad, and iPod touch 4, will you still pay for the full MobileMe service?
They pay $0.75 an hour in China. The race to the bottom. That's where we are headed.
KitchenAid Stand Mixer GIVEAWAY | Budget Friendly Holiday Meals from Sam’s Club (12/29) via
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 5
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park, The Rock & Roll Yearbook for '66 - The Beatles have lots of hits, The Beach Boys release their...
There are no shortcuts to hosting the Oscars, but there are ways to save time on your papers so you can actually watch it this year
I'm at kings island I want to meet youu , ah were are you
oh thanks sweet sista. this pregancy has majorly taking a toll on me. been sick, energy drained.
and we are going straight to ⛪
should have been ejected from the game. Kick = punch. I smell a fine coming!
Today's weather : High of 70 a low of 46!
Alright dammit who took my copy of License to Ill and my 5 Boroughs? Return em now and no one gets smacked!
I hear ya...Racine is looking better & better. They actually support small biz. Get me out of here
You should think of good things cuz not all of my goodies are showin :o) lol
Weirdo Cartoon Network !!
follow our members that use twitter! much love, WS <3
im stupid...i mixed up americas next top model with american idol...lol omg
As tu encore ton text+ ?
I know it's late, but thank you for the recommendation!
Bravo, good sir, for holding to your principles. Loving Connectrode so far!
so excited for November 2nd!
Daily GTKY question: Have you ever had something happen to you that you thought was bad but it turned out to be for the best?
I'm just done with everyone's bullshit.
come on all I need is 5 more #TeenWolf fan follwers to get 300 COME ON PEOPLE I FOLLOW BACK?!?!?!??!?
basically lol if I were you I'd turn in your app and talk to the dude he said he's able to hire everyone that applied.
where's the new pocast #5?
Little red ones sure are, at least.
Its amazing.... the ride of life.
i hope there's a real story.
Will walker I love you !
Ha! Amazing.
That's not an awkward moment that's a fucked up moment! I hate that crap!
we also offer free shipping as well look at the coupons try and get all the savings that you can..
For donations brought to StreetFood Asia for the Hunter family, you'll get a complimentary small plate (up to $10 value)...
Keep it 100
then tell him?
Milling your own flour in house is great, except that you still need to flavor your food and not treat your guests like shit.
My winner: Jon Huntsman. I like a silver fox and some reason.
I like the stoner titles and emblems. High command, or the so baked with the pot leaf.
To all the real rappers singers and entertainers #Salute!>Starboy!
will do(;
if you think having wireless internet is pulling all your wires from your computer You might be a digital redneck!
Looking forward to dinner with tonight. Always a treat. And then some.
got some lowell shows in the works for december, and still booking! let us know if you're interested in playing a show!
oh my got we got 1000!!! KRKDODNEKFJSM
Transformational leaders transform themselves, their friends, their families, their community, and through a ripple effect, their world.
Thanks for the RT
And if "brands" are the only ones in books making money, is that a publishing problem or a culture problem?
Q2 You’re in a foreign country and your travel companion falls ill. What do you do?
Those ninja moves you make when you are about to drop your phone.
#Thehungergames was amazing!! :)
I don't like this Internet censorship. Sounds like a potentialy shitty movie staring Tom cruise as the Internet police.
Cops deny forcing House of Blues to cancel local rap concert - Chicago Tribune
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
Sully, I am disappoint.
miss you on TV, Congratulations and looking forward to it. Have been watching you since you were a little girl. Yay !!
Damn perfect chance to tie the game
welcome to the twittersphere, !
Silly me for thinking the basketball playoffs would be more fun to watch than #GC2012. Bet some delegates are praying for a slam dunk...
Gearing up for the 21st and trying to spread word about PAUSE for Peace!
I love making peolpe #smile. :)
Alexus has her first school dance tomorrow...man im feeling old
"You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain." - Poor Ole Caps Right Winger Joel Ward
thanks again, Andy, for featuring the #Burma #photos. Much appreciated! JF
you're mean. You didn't send me a happy birthday wish;( Jk I still love ya!!
yep rewrites and all hate my editor
My 2 rules of fashion are don't wear dog tags unless you have done a tour of duty and headbands and sweatbands are not considered formalwear
"Science cannot exist in a bubble" says "People Matter," smart new film
Happy birthday!
its fine
"You are the average of the 5 people you spend the most time with."- Jim Rohn
trying hard NOT to get excited about the #wildcard, but #dodgers are only 5.5 back. . .it ain't over until. . .
No Matter How Much PAIN I'm In .. I Wont Ever Let It BREAK Me !
Much thanks to & for their terrific insights into #FOI and #opengov issues at
I thought it was a wee bit odd you wanted to hang out on a Thursday! Hehe. I have no plans Friday, but I work 4-8 :( after?!
We are excited you see you today! What are you planting?
lmao!! I get it now! It now makes sense!! 😂
He said he don't do omegle. He just said it on the twitcam.
is wearing a Kansas jayhawks shirt today.
Nice to see that the family of Roy Orbison was willing to part with those shades.
me too! you gotta buy her some flowers(:
lol tell me
I hate being sick like every other damn week. It's getting old. -.-
thank you!!
Studying for a job interview. #DNS, #DHCP, The TCP Stack, #Perl, sub-netting, routing protocols. It's all coming back gradually. :)
Going up to my local pier. Time to get away from the TV or I'll never stop watching :).
I just discovered you and I love your music n.n!! <3
: NOT TONIGHT!!! GO NOLES!!!
Thanks for following my back up go follow!
A lot of us out here have our resumes ready!
Congrats tonight! one of these days they may actually air the win of the Gospel awards :D
All taken Care of and YES it was an oversight!
Im having a hard time with Oliver leaving, ive never been so happy
you're GIVING them suits?
~ Holy Awesomeness!!
Midwest Dates announced soon
Sorry to jump in, but I have to ask. Why stay with AT&T then?
There's no better way to start the week right (and make up for the "Big Game" junk food) than ordering something off of the Simply 600 menu!
Warm up with a pot of Ginger Pu-erh tea with a cup of Onion-Fennel Bisque and a Grilled Fontina, Mushroom & Arugula Sandwich.
um tell austin to stop copying my chem homework.
thing 4 u in return.
Lol! Thanks! one of these days I need to change it up but I get lazy about that kind of stuff
Daryl Dragon turns 69 today. He's the Captain in Captain and Tennille. He has some neurological condition now. Sad.
Your my best friend , I would never EVER do anything to hurt you ! ♥ && I don't want you thinking I would .
Seriously...wait for the close up...it's even sexier.
When someone sends you a text that says “call me”. Why didn’t you just call me?
Heard online: "Pinterest 'xplain me something. How do I find out where the items pictured are FROM? Isn't this the whole point?"
Sorry to hear about the chemo. Lots of warm wishes and good thoughts and feeling betters in you and your husband's direction.
i feel anxious >.<
Hope everyone had a fabulous #hangover free weekend! We'll be giving out some samples of Closing Time in a little bit so stay tuned :)
LOL! who is speaking at #smss is telling latecomers that they have to twirl as they walk in....and some are!
almost 4pm. last half hour at work. pretty slow kaya good naman.
Happy Friday everyone!!!
#FF to our new design followers!
Why doesn't beer come in juicebox form?
Thanks for the RT!! Have a fabulous Tuesday!
Thanks Slavery!
oh metro, time to be alone w myself and 60 of my closest strangers
Trying "Midnight in the garden of good and evil" again. Couldn't get into it before; lovin' it this time. Age brings humor, maybe?
Be sure to check out video list I just retwt'd. One mentions "calculus in real life" !!!
Grow your intuition + imagination. Open to the #Spark inside you.
Nothing official yet?
No severe T'storm warnings yet for Waukesha or Ozaukee but you could be up next. -Justin
RT if you love Harry Styles ღ (follow me )
tx for following me. you must be a friend of my girlfriend Jamira.It's a good day that Zimmerman is being charged
omg it was. x.x;; The Ghost Hunter guys were AWESOME. They're so cool and shit. Like, they started convos with us.
